






Arianna’s Tale 
The Beginning

D. J. Humphries
©2014 D.J. Humphries
















To My Father and Mother
Without whom I would have never believed I could follow my dreams.

Prologue

Here I was, starting my senior year of high school, and moving halfway across the country; okay, that’s an exaggeration, across two states.
Why?
Well, quite honestly, I had stopped to ask myself that same exact question multiple times. 
It happened about a month earlier, when we were just finishing up the school year, but I guess really it started years ago….
My parents got divorced when I was twelve, my brother, Austin, had just turned fourteen, and our younger brother, Jason, was eight. 
My dad is a police detective, and a good one at that, but he’s a workaholic, and he was never home. He missed all sorts of things, and practically seemed to have forgotten that he had a wife and three kids at home to take care of. That is not to say he didn’t take care of us at all; we were financially stable, and he made sure we had everything we needed, aside from our dad. He wasn’t surprised when Mom asked for a divorce, and he didn’t fight her for anything. He made sure we stayed well taken care of, and left us in the house we’d grown up in, and he moved away, into a new city and a new job a couple of states away.
So we grew up without Dad, and practically without Mom, because she ran off and opened her own little boutique in the town and spent all of her free time there. Austin, being the oldest, and being as responsible as he was, took over.
Come to think of it, that’s probably what made him become what he did: the super popular, brainy, athletic, confident, gorgeous guy that all of the girls at school fawned over and wanted to date; which is exactly what Jason was becoming as he grew up, except he was a bit of a playboy. It’s hard to think of my little brother being a playboy… But it’s harder to deal with the fact that my small circle of friends, which consisted completely of girls, liked one of my brothers at all times. Jason took to flirting with them, but Austin had always been really respectful and kept his distance from my friends. Honestly, he’d never really brought girls around the house at all, and it wasn’t because he was busy studying, those brains of his were some freakish natural gift that skipped me; I wasn’t entirely sure he even dated. 
Dating was another ordeal entirely! Mom didn’t care if we dated, even Jason, and he was only twelve! But Austin… Austin was definitely the over-protective, big-brother type… and since he was so popular, and had so much influence in the school, I couldn’t get a boyfriend at all. It wasn’t like guys didn’t like me; I could see them watching me, the really daring ones might chance flirting with me if they were really bold, but Austin had somehow gotten word out to stay away from me. 
So anyway, my world got turned upside down at the end of my Junior year… Austin was graduating and going off to college in the city where Dad worked, and things were just going to continue as always. Or so I thought….





Chapter 1

It was the day of Austin’s graduation party, and I was upstairs getting ready when there was a knock on my door. Now, you have to understand, at some point in time, things had gotten… awkward… between Austin and me. I think I was about fourteen and he was fifteen… and he hadn’t set foot in my room ever since. We’d grown up almost inseparable, spending practically all of our time together, all three of us, really, but one day, all of that just stopped. So when I opened my door and six feet of lean muscle stepped inside, closed the door, and leaned back against it, I was not only confused, but also a little worried. Not to say he didn’t look nice, he was dressed up in slacks and a light blue button-up shirt that made his blue eyes pop against his tanned skin; another one of those things he had that I didn’t, I burned if I was out in the sun too long. Oh, and we can’t forget the hair, despite his actual personality, his hair looked like it belonged on a skater: shaggy, but cut just so it would always highlight his best features, and a deep auburn color that matched Dad’s and Jason’s, but a complete contrast to my dark brown waves. So when he was leaning against the door and very slowly looked up from the floor to meet my shocked gray gaze, he laughed faintly.
“Yeah… I know…” he murmured, and he did know, we always knew, “Arianna… Please move in with Dad next year.”
I gawked at him; he only used my full name when he was serious. “What? Why would I move in with Dad? Dad’s never home.”
“Neither is Mom, and I could keep a better eye on you at Dad’s… I’d forego living on campus and live at Dad’s… and I don’t trust Mom’s new boyfriend… Please?” There he went with the puppy-dog eyes that he had mastered when he was a kid. My big brother knew he was attractive, he knew that he could get any girl he wanted, and while he didn’t typically use that to his advantage, he still knew how to, but I shook my head.
“No. I’m looking forward to going to high school and having a normal high school experience for a year! You won’t be there, so I just might actually, finally, get a boyfriend! My first kiss! My friends could finally quit giggling anytime I walked in on them talking about…” I fell silent then, my face flushing red and had to dart my eyes away from the flash of anger in his gaze. “I’m looking forward… to getting those experiences that you really only get to have in high school… For Christ’s sake, Austin! I didn’t even have a date for my Junior Prom! Do you know how embarrassing that was?”
“You went with my group,” he countered and I looked at him again, there was pain in his voice.
“But I didn’t have a date. I’m about to be seventeen, and I haven’t ever even been kissed!”
“Good.”
“Why is it good?” My face was scrunched in confusion, but he smiled faintly and shook his head.
“Will you please move in with Dad?” he repeated and I furiously shook my head. “Arianna… I have enough friends in your grade… nobody’s going to mess with you just because I’ve gone off to college.”
More gawking on my part, which shifted to anger rather quickly and I spun around to take a deep breath. “No. I will not move in with Dad.” I managed a relatively even tone, but didn’t dare look back at him.
“But….”
“Is that all you wanted?”
“Not really… I want you to move in with Dad…” he whispered and I felt the heat from him before he actually wrapped his arms around my waist and rested his chin on top of my head. 
My anger was gone, replaced with instant shock, like a splash of cold water. The hugging had stopped when the awkwardness had begun and to have him holding me made my heart skip.
“Austin… what is wrong with you?” I wanted it to sound angry, but it came out as a whisper and I wiggled enough to look directly over my head at him to find that distant smile on his lips which he gently pressed to my forehead.
“Please move in with Dad… I’m begging here,” he faintly chuckled, but his soft blue eyes widened when he realized my face was pink and I shifted my gray gaze down to the floor.
“I’ll… I’ll think about it…” I mumbled and he laughed, slipping around in front of me and lifting me off the floor when he hugged me tighter.
“I guess that’s all I can really ask,” he finalized, still holding me after he’d set my feet back on the floor. “I should… finish getting ready….” I nodded and he was gone, slipping back out the door and closing it silently behind him.
I fell onto my bed, staring at my beige carpet until there was another knock on the door.
“Anna! Your friends are here!” It was Jason’s voice. Normally he would’ve walked off right after he said that, but I guess normally I would’ve shouted something back at him. “Anna?” his voice was quieter and he knocked again, lighter, and pushed the door open. “Hey, Anna, what’s wrong?” I jumped when he was standing right in front of me, and darted my attention up to his blue-green eyes.
“Oh, hi, Jason… sorry,” I faintly laughed, running my hand over his spiked hair, but unlike normally, he didn’t back away or swat my hand away.
“What’s wrong?” he whispered, brushing his fingers across my cheek, “Why were you crying? Did Austin ask you about moving to Dad’s?”
I nodded; it wasn’t that surprising that they talked to each other. “What about you? We can’t leave you here to fend for yourself….”
“I’d love to move; but I’m not going if you’re not,” he admitted with a shrug, “I want the three of us to stay together, Anna, you know that.”
“I forgot… you’re starting high school next year…” I mumbled distractedly.
“What of it? Nobody messes with my sister,” Jason grumbled and I laughed, standing up and hugging him.
“You’re my little brother!” I blurted with a smile, but he wasn’t little, he was already as tall as me and maybe even an inch or so taller. I’d stopped growing when I hit 5’5” and I was fine with it, until my little brother at twelve years of age, got his physical and reported he was 5’4”.
“Yeah… speaking of, I had my end-of-the-year physical yesterday,” he started, standing up straight and my eyes widened, “I’m 5’6” now. Looks like I might catch up to Dad and Austin.”
“That’s just… not fair…” I grumbled, but hugged him again, “You want to go live with Dad… don’t you?”
“Change of scenery would be nice,” he reasoned with a shrug, “Austin said he doesn’t trust Mom’s new boyfriend… and quite honestly, neither do I.” 
Mom’s new boyfriend… they’d been dating for a couple of months, and we only really saw him at night after they both got off of work. I didn’t get what she saw in him… Mom was really beautiful, even though she kept getting plastic surgery to keep herself looking younger and dyed her hair constantly, worrying about nonexistent gray hairs. Mark, on the other hand, was this bulky, heavyset guy who just wasn’t very attractive. He was average, and nothing against him for that, but then he’d open his mouth and he just wasn’t the brightest bulb in the bunch, and I wasn’t even sure what he did for work. I really felt like Mom could do better, but it’s not like she ever asked my opinion on anything, especially not her boyfriends. I paused long enough to consider that before I shook my head.
“Get out, I’ve gotta finish getting ready…” I insisted, pushing him towards my door when I heard the bell chime downstairs. 
“Are you okay?” Jason questioned, pressing his hands to either side of the doorframe and refusing to move despite my pushing,
“I’ll be fine; it’s a lot to process,” I admitted quietly and his eyes scrunched with worry but he sighed and stepped backwards while I pushed the door closed.
I had to hurry then, I was running late. I slipped into a cute slate blue dress and matching heels, pulled my hair into a half-ponytail with my favorite clip, and rushed to put on a little makeup. I darted a glance in the mirror and rushed out of my room and downstairs only to stumble down the last stair and thankfully Jason caught me.
“Klutz,” Jason laughed, waiting until I was steady to step away from me again, “You look great.”
“Shut up,” I muttered, catching my friends hovering around Austin out of the corner of my eye, “Jay… stay away from my friends today, okay?”
“Why? I like your friends,” Jason countered playfully and I laughed, but swatted his arm.
“You’re too young. Just for today, please,” I requested and he shrugged, “Thanks.”
Austin was graciously accepting all of the attention that was thrown at him, he was good with attention, but when his bright blue eyes landed on me and he didn’t look away, my heart skipped. Boys that like you were supposed to look at you like that, not your brother, but he did get really serious about stuff… that could be making him have that intense look in his eyes.
The doorbell rang, distracting both of us, and I took the onslaught of new arrivals as an excuse to slip off to the kitchen. The kitchen was nearly empty with only Mom and her boyfriend, Mark, in it, plating various foods and setting them out on the island in the middle of the room.
“There you are! Anna, help with this, I need to go change,” Mom insisted and I looked at her with confusion, she looked over-dressed already, but I shrugged and started plating the deli meats while she darted up the back stairs to her room.
“Sounds like a lot of people are showing up,” Mark remarked, and I shrugged again. Jason and Austin had gotten into my head with the whole ‘not liking Mom’s boyfriend’ thing. “Your Mom worries about things too much, doesn’t she?”
“She worries about herself too much…” I mumbled beneath my breath and Mark chuckled.
“With such a pretty daughter, she’s got to work hard to look her best,” Mark laughed but I cringed and discreetly slid around the island to work on another plate further away from him.
“Mom’s always pretty,” I dismissed, not looking up from my work and Mark laughed.
“She is,” he agreed softly and for a moment I forgot my brothers’ worries, but he was suddenly right beside me, and as he reached across the table, his hand brushed my arm. 
“Well! That’s everything! I’m going to go hang out with my friends,” I flashed him a brief smile and darted out of the kitchen, my nerves on edge as the swinging door closed behind me. As luck would have it, the only two people to notice my abrupt entrance into the living room, were my brothers and since Jason was less surrounded, he excused himself over to me.
“What’s wrong? What happened?” Jason insisted, but I just grabbed his arm, the connection instantly calming my nerves. “Anna, what happened?”
“You two have made me paranoid, is what happened,” I sighed, shaking my head, “I’m fine, really. Nothing happened. But thanks, Jay….”
“You’re sure?” Jason pressed and I nodded, lightly squeezing his arm before brushing my hair out of my face and making my way over to my friends after practically dragging them away from Austin.
“All right kids, we’ve got food in the kitchen, help yourselves,” Mom announced, blazing through the door in one of her finest dresses with her hair all fixed and makeup done up. 
First was food, then graduation presents, including Dad’s gift, which I was surprised had gotten there on time, a brand new sports car. All of the girls at the party clamored around the new car and begged to be the first one to ride with him but he only laughed and shook his head.
“Sorry, family first,” Austin announced clearly and Jason grabbed my arm, pulling me to the car before he jumped in the backseat and Austin waited for me to get into the front seat and close the door before he took off. “Guess I’ll pass my old car down to you, Jason. Now, Anna, what happened in the kitchen earlier?”
“It really was nothing but you two making me paranoid,” I rebutted calmly, “Are you enjoying your party, Austin?”
“I’d enjoy it more if you’d say you’ll move over to Dad’s,” Austin explained, glancing at me when he pulled up to a red light.
“I’m still thinking about it,” I answered with a shrug, pointing to the green light as Austin took off and headed back towards the house.
“Jay, talk some sense into her,” Austin pleaded and Jason laughed and shrugged.
“I can’t make her. And I don’t entirely see the big deal… I mean… sure it’d be nice for us to stay together, but we can’t always stay together…” Jason contributed, “Besides, as far as siblings go, we are anything but normal… My friends think it’s crazy that we get along so well. They also think you’re more over-protective than any older brother they’ve ever known.”
“Yeah… well… I know things that you two don’t… and it affects the way I handle situations…” Austin uttered, sighing, “But, hey, let’s get back inside so I can finish opening presents.” 
The party lasted for hours, nobody really wanted to leave; that was just how parties at my house were and it was mainly due to my brothers and how all of the girls enjoyed at least looking at them. Saying I was relieved when I finally crashed into my bed, would be an understatement.
The next days were a blur. School ended for the year, Jason’s school had a small eighth grade graduation ceremony, and then there was the humongous high school graduation, which we all diligently attended to hear Austin’s Valedictorian speech; my big brother, the perfect boy, the genius…. Dad showed up, I was proud of him, and he didn’t miss the opportunity to ask how things were going and if I had made up my mind yet, he seemed more tired than usual though, but all he would say was he was working a big case.
“I’m not pushing you,” he added with a soft smile, “I know I’m not the best dad, but I love you kids… and I’d love to have you stay with me. So, take your time, and just let me know whatever you decide.” I hugged him. He wasn’t the best dad, but he never made excuses for himself, he was who he was and I loved him all the same.
“I just need a little longer to think about it,” I told him, “I promise to let you know soon, though.”
We went out for dinner after graduation was over. Mom was flirting with her boyfriend shamelessly. Dad had slipped cards to both Jason and Austin before rushing back to work.  I didn’t realize until we got back home and I was putting away my things that Dad had also slipped $50 in my purse and I laughed.

It was a Saturday: Austin was at work, Jason was in his room playing video games with his headphones on, and Mom was at her boutique. Being a Saturday, I was happily sleeping in. Maybe things would have been better if I wasn’t such a light sleeper, but I was, and when I heard my door click closed, my eyes sped open and I was sitting up in my bed immediately.
“Keep quiet,” Mark ordered and I froze, wide-eyed before I screamed. “Shut up!” he hissed and his large, coarse hand came down across my cheek, silencing me instantly. “Just shut up,” he growled gutturally, tearing his tie off and shoving it in my mouth.
His mouth, that disgusting mouth, was everywhere I didn’t want it to be and he ripped off my nightgown. I fought, struggled, kicked, attempted screams that were muffled by the reeking tie in my mouth, but he kept my hands pinned over my head and leaned next to my ear.
“If you don’t behave, I’ll break that little brother of yours. He’s so fragile,” he hissed in my ear and I froze again, but tried desperately to keep my knees locked together. 
A moment later, the pain that seared through me blinded me, literally. He wasn’t careful, wasn’t nice about it and I blacked out for a terrifying moment, tears streaming from my eyes. The pain subsided a little, but my room remained blurred through my tears and I struggled to think of anything else. 
When he was satisfied, he got up, zipped his pants and leaned next to my ear again while pulling his tie out of my mouth.
“You tell a soul, and it’s your brother that suffers,” he growled fiercely, unlocking the door and leaving.
I stared at the ceiling through my tears, and tried not to think of the pain, but the pain was still there and it was practically all I could notice. 
“Oh God…” I uttered through my tears which were shuddering my whole body, “Oh God, oh God….” I forced myself up, through the shooting pain, and locked the door before I sank to my knees in front of it. I glanced only once at my bed, there was blood and… I shuddered and looked away. 
It was around the time my shaking wasn’t so incapacitating that I heard Mom get home and Mark (I nearly threw up) cheerfully greeting her with a homemade meal. 
With a quick peek out into the hallway, I locked my bedroom door behind me (thank goodness Mom had put in key-locks on all the doors inside the house) and darted into the bathroom, flipping the lock there and turning the shower on. I threw up then, everything in my stomach until I was dry heaving. When I could steady myself again, I climbed into the scalding hot shower; I hadn’t even bothered to turn on the cold water, and it stung like thousands of tiny needles. But the stinging of the hot water finally distracted me from other pains and I scrubbed myself with the soap and a loofah. 
I scrubbed until the hot water ran out and finally got out of the shower, wrapping up tightly in my towel and pulling my key into my hand, ready to bolt for my door. I didn’t think the disgusting feeling would ever go away… and I was afraid to look in the mirror, my cheek was throbbing from where he’d slapped me. I listened at the door, breathless, for a long moment, and when I could hear Mom downstairs with him, and nothing else, I darted across the hall to my door. 
As I was fumbling with the key, Jason stepped out of his bedroom and our eyes met. I froze in horror for one brief moment, but his was worse. His blue-green eyes were wide and his mouth fell open, his hand falling from his doorknob; he would have to be on the side to where he could easily see what I was sure was quickly becoming a bruise on my face. As the tears started anew, I got the key in the door and darted into my room, slamming the door and struggling to flip the lock, but Jason had the door open and was inside, locking it behind him a moment later.
“Arianna!” he blurted, hugging me tightly despite my desperate cries and trying to push him away as we sank to the floor, “Anna, what the hell happened?”
“It’s nothing. Go away,” I insisted through my tears, but he only held me tighter before pushing me an arm’s length away, his eyes scanning thoroughly over me.
“What did you do? Try to burn your skin off?” he whispered, gently running his fingers over my hurt cheek, “God, Anna… what the hell happened?”
“Please, Jason… go away,” I whimpered, but I couldn’t stop crying and Jason pulled me back against him.
“Shh… Stop crying and I’ll call Austin.”
I darted back from him, wide-eyed and shook my head furiously.
“No! You can’t tell anyone anything! Nothing happened, Jason, do you understand me?”
“No, because I don’t know what happened to begin with and we can’t not tell anyone,” Jason insisted, but I shook my head and stood up, trying to push him towards the door. That was the worst idea I’d had, because his eyes shifted around the room and I could see it register in his mind when he spotted my bed.
“Jason, get out,” I ordered, pushing again on his shoulder.
“I’m calling Austin,” he repeated, but he froze when he spotted my blanched face.
“You can’t, Jason, you can’t! Look, I’m going to keep my door locked, and… and… move to Dad’s… and it won’t be a problem ever again… and…” I trailed off into tears and he jumped to his feet, hugging me again.
“All right…” he agreed almost silently, “All right… I won’t… I won’t tell… get dressed… I’ll get you some more sheets… or… you can sleep in my room, if you want….”
“I’ll have to replace the sheets anyway…” I whispered and he smiled faintly, heading over to my door.
“Lock this, don’t let anyone but me in,” he ordered sweetly and I nodded, locking the door behind him.
“Oh God…” my eyes widened with a sudden realization as I stared at the white wood of my door, “Oh God… he didn’t use a condom… and I’m… I’m not on any kind of birth control…. There’s that… that morning after pill… I’ve heard people talking about them… but… you have to be seventeen to get it without a prescription… and… I’m not….” I forced myself to get dressed, jeans and a plain t-shirt, thinking about what in the world I was going to do, was there anyone who would help…. 
“Bri,” it occurred to me in a flash and I ran back in my room from my closet and grabbed my cell phone and dialed one of my best friend’s numbers. “Hey Brianna,” I greeted, apparently my voice was still off, I wondered how long that would last, would I ever feel at all safe anymore.
“What’s wrong, Anna?” Brianna questioned instantly.
“Bri, I need a favor, no questions asked… please?” I whispered.
“Anything, Arianna,” she swore, and I noticed the background noise disappeared.
“I need one of those… morning after pills…” my voice was even quieter and I wasn’t even sure how she heard me.
“Anna, what…”
“No questions,” I repeated and she sighed.
“I’ll be by in just a little while,” she promised, “I’m not asking, Anna… but you can talk to me….”
“I know,” I agreed and smiled faintly, “Thanks, Bri.”
We hung up and I started ripping the sheets from my bed, trying not to look at them, when I’d gotten them piled onto the floor, there was a knock at my door.
“It’s Jason.” I opened the door and he came in with a bundle of fresh sheets, and bless him, a large trash bag, and locked the door behind him. He set the folded sheets on the bare bed and opened the trash bag, shaking his head when I tried to help. He was silent as he piled the old sheets into the trash bag and tied it off before helping me make the bed with the new sheets. Once it was a spotless, clean bed again, he grabbed me into yet another hug.
“Jason, I’m…” I was going to say okay, but I wasn’t, I felt nauseous, “I’ll be okay….”
“Your face… it’s pretty bruised… you’re not going to be able to come up with a good excuse for that one,” he murmured across my ear, “And I think you’d be happier if we got out of the house for a while… I’d drive… but….”
“You’re so not old enough to have your license,” I faintly laughed and a tension in his shoulders eased, “You’re not old enough to have to deal with this… I’m so sorry, Jay….”
“Don’t you even start that, this is not your fault,” he insisted sternly, “Anna… I have to ask… was this… Did Mark….”
“Let me try some makeup… and we can get out of here…” I evaded, slipping out of his arms and going to sit at my vanity. I took as long as I could collecting my makeup and getting it ready before I finally looked in the mirror. I felt nauseous again, my cheek was already turning that gross yellow bruise color with bits of the purple shade coming through.
“Anna! Jay! We’re going out! We won’t be home until late!” Mom called up the stairs, making me jolt in my seat. Jason gave me a ‘come on’ look.
“Okay!” I yelled back in what I hoped was a normal voice. Normal enough for my mother, I guessed, because I heard the door close and a car crank and drive off a moment later.
“You want me to make you something to eat?” Jason offered and I shook my head, “Want to go watch a movie on the sofa? Video games? Sleep? Hang out in my room?” I quickly applied what foundation and concealer I could, and all-in-all, covered the bruise before I got up and looked at him.
“Anything that doesn’t involve being in my room right now,” I conceded and he faintly laughed and nodded. 
I locked my door behind us, he carried the trash bag down to the trash cans outside and we curled up on the sofa for a movie. 
I knew somewhere in the back of my head that all of this was wrong: acting like nothing had happened, ignoring the twinges of pain that still surged from between my legs, not reporting this straight to the police…. But… I thought if I could just put it behind me, and get out of this house as soon as possible… I’d never look back.
I guess I fell asleep, the door closing in the kitchen had me awake with a start and Jason shushed me soothingly as I realized I was stretched out across the sofa, my head on the pillow in his lap.
“It’s just Austin getting home,” Jason quietly explained, running his fingers through my hair when I’d fallen back to rest on the pillow and focused on slowing my racing heart.
“Where are Mom and Mark?” Austin called, thankfully walking up from behind us because when he said his name, I involuntarily flinched.
“They went out a while ago,” Jason answered as Austin leaned over the back of the sofa and looked slightly startled to find me lying across it, “Mom said they wouldn’t be home until late. So what are you going to make us for dinner, big brother?”
“Anna, are you all right?” Austin queried; it was rather odd of me to fall asleep on the sofa, I hadn’t done it in quite some time.
“I’m not feeling so great,” I fibbed; it wasn’t a lie at all, just not the whole truth. “Bri’s bringing me some medicine later,” I added when I realized it was the perfect chance to get out of further scrutiny later on.
“All right… I’m assuming girl stuff then?” Austin pressed; another perfect opening because I nodded, and again, wasn’t actually lying to him. “Dad called earlier; he’s wondering if he should clean up and update our old rooms or not. He said to make sure you knew he wasn’t pressing for an answer…”
“I’m going,” I interrupted with a shrug, “I decided earlier. Things aren’t going to be any different at school since Jason’s going to be moving up to the high school… tack him onto your friends… it may even be worse… So I’m going.”
Austin stared down at me for a long moment and I swear his eyes darted to my cheek, but he sighed and shrugged; that meant I’d done a really good job with the makeup if Austin didn’t ask about it.
“I’ll call and let him know then; unless you’d like to call him,” Austin offered and I shook my head.
“You can. I just want to rest…” I mumbled and resumed staring at the television.
“Jay… Can I talk to you?” Austin pressed and Jason gently slipped out from under the pillow and followed our brother back to the kitchen.
I reached over to the table and grabbed the remote, muting the t.v. and straining to hear them.
“Jason, what are you doing inside on a Saturday, sitting on the sofa with Anna? Why aren’t you out with your friends?” Austin interrogated and my nerves set on edge, but Jason had said he wouldn’t tell….
“She wasn’t feeling well, and I just felt like hanging out at the house; is that not okay?” Jason countered and I smiled faintly; he was growing up way too quickly.
“Is that really all? She seems… weird… so do you,” Austin pressed. I panicked more, Jason could fib all he wanted, but he was not the best liar.
“Why are you so worried about it? Shouldn’t you be calling Dad? Making dinner?” Jason retorted simply and my eyes widened.
“Because I know things that you two don’t,” Austin stated, “Go on; I’ll make dinner.” He poked his head back into the living room as Jason crossed it towards the sofa. “Is there anything in particular you want, Anna?”
“I’m not really hungry,” I called back with a grimace, I couldn’t even begin to imagine eating anything, my stomach was still upside down. 
“Some soup then…” Austin decided, ducking back into the kitchen while Jason slipped onto the sofa, lifting the pillow back into his lap.
“You haven’t eaten all day,” Jason whispered and I stared up at him.
“I… kind of threw up… and I’m feeling nauseous…” I murmured and he smiled faintly, running his fingers through my hair.
“You going to be able to eat anything then?” he softly asked and my cheeks shaded the faintest pink.
“When did you grow up so much…?” I breathed and he laughed, “But no… I don’t think I can eat anything… Not today….”
“Then just relax, and maybe you’ll fall back asleep,” he suggested, “Austin can’t make you eat if you’re asleep.”
“But… Brianna really is coming by,” I realized, pulling my phone out of my pocket to check the time.
“Why, Anna?”
“Medicine… I wasn’t lying… she’s bringing me medicine,” I evaded, looking over at the t.v. when he was staring hard into my eyes. His fingers ever so lightly ran across where my bruise was.
“You did a good job with that… if I didn’t know…” He trailed off with a sigh, “Why can’t I tell him?”
“I just want to forget it ever happened… he wouldn’t let it go… you know if he knew…” I whispered just as my phone beeped with a text message and I pulled it over to read.
Leaving the pharmacy now, be there soon. 
“What kind of medicine, Anna?” Jason pressed as I sent an “okay” response.
“Just being careful…” I uttered, staring blankly at the t.v., “You’re really not supposed to be this grown up about stuff yet, Jay….”
“What kind of medicine?” he repeated even quieter.
“I’ll tell you later,” I promised without looking at him, “That’s twice now… that Austin’s said that….”
“Said what?”
“That he knows stuff that we don’t… it’s bugging me.”
“I guess he has said that twice…” Jason realized with a laugh, “He’ll tell us if he thinks he should… or you could ask him about it.”
“Dad wants to know when we’re going to move over there,” Austin called from the kitchen.
“As soon as possible,” I told Jason who sighed.
“How soon will he let us?” Jason yelled back.
“Next weekend,” Austin answered, leaning into the room, “Friday; he says. That will give him enough time to get the house ready.”
Jason was staring down at me and I shrugged and nodded.
“Sure, but if it gets ready sooner, he should let us know,” Jason finalized insightfully; too insightfully, I thought, because Austin was quiet for a long moment before he ducked back into the kitchen.
“Jay… you’re making him suspicious…” I mumbled.
“Sorry… I’ll try harder… I just want to get you out of this house… You know I love you, Anna…” he sighed and I nodded.
“I know… Trust me, I know you do, Jay,” I faintly laughed. I pushed myself to sit up on the sofa when the front doorbell chimed, but Austin was through the living room headed for the door before I could get up, and my eyes widened with worry.
“Oh, hi, Brianna,” Austin greeted and Brianna nearly melted, clinging tightly to the prescription bag in her hand, “Is that for Anna? I’ll take it to her.”
“That’s okay, I’ve got it,” Brianna replied with a sweet smile and Austin sighed slightly but let her inside. I got over to the front hallway and Brianna’s soft smile shifted to me as I motioned her towards the stairs.
“Be back in a minute,” I added, glancing at Austin who barely nodded.
“Will you be staying for dinner, Brianna?” 
“Oh, no. But thanks! I’m going out with Nick tonight,” Brianna reasoned, following me upstairs and into my bedroom where I closed and locked the door again. “Anna, what ha….”
“No questions,” I interrupted and she sighed but nodded and handed me the bag, “How much do I owe you?”
“Don’t worry about it… I just wish you’d tell me why…” she sighed again and shrugged, “But since you won’t, there are two pills. Take one now, one in twelve hours. Read the side effects… I’m guessing you don’t want them knowing… so hide it… twelve hours.”
“Thank you,” I whispered, hugging her tightly as she smiled slightly and hugged me back.
“I’m not asking… but if you ever, ever, want to talk…” she trailed off as I backed away, barely managing to keep myself from crying again, “Oh, Arianna… please….”
“No questions,” I repeated again, shaking my head and downing one of the pills with a gulp of water from the bottle on my nightstand. “Thanks again for this,” I added, putting the other pill into the drawer of my nightstand, “I won’t keep you from Nick.”
“I’m serious, Anna… But, yeah, he’s waiting outside,” she admitted and I led her back downstairs, being sure to lock my door behind me, and seeing her out the front door only to have Jason appear behind me when I turned around.
“Now will you tell me?” he quietly insisted and I dragged him around to the front office.
“Morning after pills, Jay… I had to be…” I faltered, shaking my head, “I was just being careful… being as sure as I can… there’s nothing else… I can do….”
“He,” Jason couldn’t even put it into words, and his eyes were pure fury. “I’m staying in your room while you sleep… I don’t trust that he won’t steal Mom’s skeleton key….”
I froze, the idea hadn’t even occurred to me and a chill ran down my spine at the thought of it.
“I’ll… I’ll stay in your room… if… if you don’t mind…” I stammered and Jason’s furious eyes softened slightly.
“I don’t mind at all,” he conceded, “What are we going to do about your dinner?”
“Let me worry about that,” I insisted and we headed back into the living room just as Austin was heading towards the front hall.
“Dinner’s ready,” he announced, his eyes filled with suspicion, but he didn’t say anything yet, even though I knew he eventually would.
Dinner was Austin’s specialty: Japanese food; hibachi-style chicken and beef with stir-fry veggies, fried rice, soba noodles, and miso soup. I sipped on the miso soup, one of my favorite soups, but it made me even queasier, so it was all I finished.
“Arianna,” Austin started, and I felt myself flinch, “Are you going to tell me what’s going on?”
“I really don’t know what you’re talking about, Austin,” I flat-out lied; unlike Jason, I’d perfected the art of lying when I was young, I just didn’t like to lie, especially not to my brothers. I loved my brothers more than life itself, but telling Austin what had happened was just not an option.
“I’ll find out eventually, especially since I suspect Jason knows,” Austin pressed and I just looked at him with confusion and shrugged.
“I’m having girl trouble as you like to call it. I don’t feel well… my stomach’s upset right now… I don’t see what the big deal is,” I reasoned, but Austin’s eyes were furrowed in thought.
“I will find out,” he reiterated and I really couldn’t figure out why he was questioning me, it was the perfect cover because it wasn’t entirely a lie.
“I’ll do dishes,” I offered quietly.
“I’ll help,” Jason contributed, but that only made Austin’s eyes narrow further.
“That’s all right, Jay; I’ll help her. She is sick after all,” Austin bargained as I started collecting the dishes over to the sink, pausing long enough to catch the brief flash of panic on Jason’s face.
“Why don’t you pick out a movie we can watch, Jason? Or maybe a video game?” I suggested and Jason nodded and slipped off to the living room.
“Tell me,” Austin quietly demanded, stepping up behind me and placing his hands on the edge of the sink, trapping me against it. 
And I felt panicked and trapped, his face flashing across my mind, his grip on my hands that had made it impossible for me to move. I froze completely, the plate in my hand clattering into the sink. I didn’t realize I’d stopped breathing until the room was spinning and I forced myself to lean over the sink and breathe, but they were gasping breaths and Austin lifted me into his arms and carried me to the sofa.
“Tell me what happened, right now, Jason,” Austin ordered, and Jason, standing over at the DVD shelves slowly turned around.
“Nothing happened,” Jason lied and Austin screamed in aggravation, storming back into the kitchen to finish the dishes while Jason rushed to kneel beside the sofa next to my head.
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” I assured, taking deep breaths then and forcing a faint smile, “I’m fine, Jay… Is it late enough to go to bed yet?”
“Not really… he’ll ask more questions if you go to bed now… I was going to put in a movie, you can fall asleep down here, I’ll take you upstairs later,” Jason offered and I lifted a single eyebrow at him.
“My little brother is not strong enough to be carrying me upstairs,” I countered, which only made him laugh and roll his eyes.
“I bench press 200, Anna. I’m pretty sure I can carry your little 110 pounds upstairs,” Jason chuckled, brushing my hair behind my ears, “So, movie and rest?” I nodded and he pulled a DVD from the shelf and put it in. I barely saw the credits before I was asleep again, feeling safe with the pillow back in Jason’s lap and his arm draped over my shoulders.
“Anna, wake up,” Jason beckoned, the tone in his voice had my eyes darting open and up to him, “I’m taking you upstairs now, okay?” I jumped to my feet and he followed, steadying me by grabbing my arm and leading me up to his room where I collapsed onto his bed before he could get the door all the way closed and flip the lock. Not a whole minute later, the garage door closed and the kitchen door opened. Mom and he were giggling as they made their way inside and up the back stairs to her room.
“Didya lock your door?” I mumbled, rolling over to look at Jason as he leaned his head against the door and nodded.
“It’s locked… I’m sorry I scared you… I wasn’t expecting them home so soon…” he grumbled, “I can’t believe she’d bring him back here… how could she not know what a creep he is?!”
“Thanks for listening out for them,” I murmured drowsily and he finally turned and looked over at me, “I’m really tired Jay… Oh… but I’ve got to take that other pill at seven a.m. and it’s in my nightstand….”
“Your key? I’ll go get it… I think Mom’s a little… busy right now…” he said it with absolute disgust and I fished my key out of my pocket and passed it to him, “Do you need anything else?”
“No… just be careful,” I uttered and he nodded, slipping out of his locked door and over to my room. I barely stayed awake long enough to be certain he made it safely back inside and I fell back asleep.
I guess it was the stress and how depressed I was feeling that made me feel so exhausted. I hoped that was all, and I hoped it would pass; just like I hoped I’d be able to actually eat something again, and hoped I wouldn’t freak out like I had when Austin had been joking around earlier. For the first time in my life, I was really glad that I didn’t dream while I was asleep, because I doubted they would be good dreams. 
My phone was on vibrate, but it still woke me up with its alarm and I reached to shut it off, but spotted the message that popped up on it.
Take your medicine
The smallest smile slipped onto my lips as I forced myself to sit up and took the other pill with the water bottle Jason had set out next to it. My smile grew softer when I spotted Jason asleep on his beanbag in front of his t.v. with a video game still on and his controller in his hands. I watched him for a long moment; because it was hard to believe it was my little brother I was looking at. He was growing up a lot faster than he should have been, but he was growing up to be a great guy and I was proud of him. I was still determined to get him back to doing things young boys should be doing instead of worrying so much about me.



-Austin-
There was only one girl for me… it had been that way for years, but I knew it would never work out. How could she ever look past the fact that we had been raised as siblings? Should I have told her when I discovered the truth? Could she have learned to love me then, the way I love her? 
It was pointless. She was never going to see me as just another guy, I was always going to be her big brother.
I tried to keep that in mind, tried to get myself to date other girls, something, anything to get my mind off of her, but it never worked. The only girl that ever held my interest for more than a moment that wasn’t my Arianna… was Amy Moore, and I had only met her once one summer while I was visiting Dad. Still, something about her was just so different, I could almost imagine her taking my mind off of Arianna. But I never saw her again, so what was the point in daydreaming? Besides, she was one of those rich kids… what use did she have for someone like me?
I had to spend a lot of time at work the week after graduation. I had put in my notice that I was moving as soon as Arianna said she would go, and since it was less than a two-week notice, I was trying to be extra helpful to get that letter of recommendation my boss had promised me. In all reality, my boss was a woman, and for whatever reason, I could charm even her, so I could have gotten out of the work, but I wouldn’t have felt right about it. I noticed when I left in the mornings that Anna wasn’t out of bed, and when I got home from my long shifts in the evenings, she was almost always curled up on the sofa staring at the t.v. with Jason beside her. That shouldn’t have been that weird, but after the first night, after she lied to me about what was wrong, and knowing how active she normally was, it just didn’t fit. Something was going on and no one was telling me the truth about it. 
All week, I kept making food for them at dinner, but she didn’t eat, and I was watching her body start to react to the lack of food. You’d think since it had only been a few days there shouldn’t be a huge difference, but it was pretty clear she wasn’t eating much, if anything at all. She was dehydrated, and her face was drawn, black circles under her bloodshot eyes. I kept trying to talk to her, get her to tell me what had happened, she was clearly depressed about something, but she wouldn’t say a word. So I’d try Jason, who was much worse about keeping secrets, but he had that look in his eyes, that look that I remembered from all those years ago when I realized she wasn’t my sister. Whatever her secret, he wasn’t about to tell me, or anyone else for that matter. I made all the arrangements, scheduled the moving van for Saturday, bought the supplies, told them to pack up their rooms…. I don’t know how much time they were spending together while I was gone, but when I was home, they were inseparable.
Tuesday night, I realized her bed was empty, her door unlocked, and I crept silently to Jason’s room to hear them talking quietly with each other. I carefully tried to turn the doorknob, but it was locked. I was awake most of the night, waiting, listening for her to go back to her room, but she never did. 
Something was going to have to change….





Chapter 2

Jason became my shadow over the next few days. Despite my attempts to get him to go off with his friends, especially with us moving so soon, and despite my assurances that everything was okay, he wouldn’t leave my side. Honestly, I felt safer that way, especially with Mark still coming over to the house every night and acting like everything was okay. I spent every night in Jason’s room, too afraid to be in my room alone again, though I’d insisted on bringing in the inflatable mattress and sleeping on it so he could have his bed back. 
Austin took control of the moving process just like he took control of everything else. He took care of telling Mom, she just accepted it without question, apparently he’d mentioned it to her previously; he took care of transferring our school records; he took care of getting the boxes and packing supplies and moving van. All Jason and I had to do was actually pack up our rooms, and with the two of us tackling each room together, we were packed up aside from our essentials by Tuesday. 
Tuesday night, Dad called, and said everything would be done Thursday afternoon. Austin scheduled the moving van, and Wednesday night, even the essentials got boxed up before I crashed on the inflatable mattress in Jason’s now-empty room.
“How are you feeling?” Jason queried for the millionth time as he curled up in his sleeping bag on the floor beside me.
“You worry way too much for a twelve-year-old,” I repeated yet again; we’d been back and forth over these lines a multitude of times since Saturday.
“Nearly thirteen,” he faintly chuckled, reaching his hand out to brush my hair behind my ears, “Now… how are you feeling?”
“A bit relieved, finally,” I admitted and he smiled softly, “We’ll be away from here tomorrow and I don’t intend to ever look back.”
“What about Mom?”
“If she wants him in her life… she’s losing me,” I muttered beneath my breath, “Not that I think she’d mind… she never has really gotten as close to me as she did with you and Austin.”
“Anna… you can’t completely blame her for him…” he said it with disgust too.
“I know, I know… What if I told her, and she didn’t believe me; or worse yet, believed him over me? I’d rather just skip the whole telling her part….”
“Yeah, I got that… don’t tell anyone… I’ve kept my mouth shut,” Jason sighed, “I hate keeping my mouth shut… you should tell somebody.”
“No… I want it to go away…” I uttered, but he suddenly grabbed my arm and my eyes widened as they darted to him.
“It’s not going to go away,” he insisted sternly, “I’ve been quiet, because I love you; but it is never, ever going to go away. That’s something you can never get back again, Anna… and it’s something you’ve got to deal with, rather than turn your back on….”
“You’re twelve,” I reiterated and he laughed and nodded, “You’re….”
“Kids are growing up a lot quicker these days, didn’t you know that? Half of my class was already having sex when the school year ended,” he added with a shrug, his face going blank when I gawked at him. “I wasn’t! But most of my class was!” 
“You had better not be,” I hissed at him and he shook his head.
“I’m not! Sheesh! Trust me,” he defended and I barely nodded.
“I trust you… I’m going to sleep now…” I mumbled and he lightly kissed my forehead before I fell soundly to sleep.
I was not only startled, but confused, when I woke up again and found Austin sitting cross-legged on the floor beside my head. His elbows rested on his knees and his chin rested in his hands and after slowing my racing heart, I looked at him curiously.
“Why are you lying to me?” he asked simply and I stared into his blue eyes in shock.
“Why are you so insistent on thinking I’m lying to you?” I countered and he laughed.
“You finally asked,” he continued, crossing his hands over his lap and leaning closer to me, “Who empties the trash?” My face scrunched in even more confusion. “Let me put this very simply… I’m aware of when you’re having your girl problems because I empty all of the trash cans in the house; and your girl problems were the weekend before this past one. So why don’t you tell me the truth? You’ve hardly eaten dinner since Saturday; I doubt you’re eating much during the day, but since I’ve been at work, I don’t know for sure. Your friend came over with a prescription bag, for the girl who barely takes an aspirin when she’s got a headache. Jason has been attached to you like tape; you’ve even been sleeping in his room, though I’m thankful to see you’re not in his bed. I’d be an idiot if I didn’t know something had happened.”
“It’s none of your business,” I blurted, jumping up from the inflatable mattress and heading for the door only to have Austin pin me to the wall.
“And this completely freaks you out… that part really has me worried… You’re thin as a rail, Arianna… are you eating at all?” Austin pressed, but I couldn’t breathe until he stepped back away from me. “You don’t freak out when Jason hugs you, or touches you… but you freak out when I do… so why?”
“Please let it go,” I whimpered, sliding down the wall to sit on the floor, “Please, Austin… it’s not like you tell us everything… you’ve said it twice recently… that you know stuff that Jason and I don’t… so please let this go….”
“Dad’s going to tell you when we get moved in… Do I have to wait to find out what has you so upset that you’re not eating?” His voice was softer as he knelt down in front of me, “Haven’t you worried me enough?” 
“Why are you so worried about me? You’re the one who started the whole awkward phase… not coming into my room… barely touching me… you started it… so why are you worrying now?” I faltered, looking at him in genuine confusion.
“Yeah… I started it… and I’m ending it,” he decided, falling onto his knees and hugging me tightly to him, “Please tell me what happened, Arianna….”
“Moving truck’s here!” Jason called from downstairs and I tried to wriggle free of Austin’s hold, but he only held tighter.
“I’ll wait, until we get moved… but you need to tell me… if you can’t, allow Jason to tell me… quit lying to me,” he whispered across my ear before completely letting go and grabbing up the boxes next to the door on his way out.
“Brothers don’t act like that… do they?” I mumbled to myself, thankfully looking up in time to see just who was coming up the stairs so that I had enough time to slam the door closed and lock it.
“Oh come on, beautiful,” Mark bargained, jiggling the doorknob unsuccessfully, “I just wanted to tell you goodbye.”
I pressed my back solidly to the door because outside of it, he was fiddling with a bunch of keys. Phone, phone, phone.... I slid down the door and edged my phone closer with my foot, snatching it off the floor as he tried several different keys unsuccessfully.
The front door slammed immediately after I sent the text message and running footsteps started across the front hall and then up the stairs.
“Shit,” Mark grumbled, the keys fell to the floor and then there was frantic knocking.
“Anna,” Jason called through the door, and I flipped the lock and backed away from the door. A second later he was inside and hugging me to him and I noticed the keys in his hand. “God, I’m sorry,” he whispered across my ear, “I’m sorry… I knew better… but I didn’t….”
“Not your fault… Thank you,” I murmured, squeezing him back as tightly as I could, I realized then that I was weaker.
“I’m not leaving you again…” he decided, “We need to pack up the rest of our things… I’m not leaving you….”
“What is going on?” Austin demanded, standing in the open doorway, “You took off in the blink of an eye and I find you up here, with Anna?”
“I… I’ll… I’ll let him tell you… when we get moved,” I stammered hesitantly.
“Jason, load up her stuff, I’ll stay here with her,” Austin offered and Jason darted out of the room, but I flinched when Austin sat beside me and reached for my cheek, which only made his anger flare.
“S… sorry…” I stuttered. I knew Austin hadn’t done anything wrong, but he was a guy, an adult guy, and I saw him as such, despite the fact that he was my brother; I didn’t see Jason as anything but my sweet little brother.
“Truck’s loaded,” Jason announced, “Car’s ready too… bet you’re glad you took care of the other two cars already, huh?”
“Yeah, I am,” Austin admitted, holding his hand out to me as I cautiously took it and he helped me to my feet, leading me through the house and out to my car. “You’re driving your car with Jason, I’m driving the truck. We’ve got a long trip, so let’s get going.”

Hours later, with only a couple of stops for gas and such, we reached Dad’s house. Our new house, I guess, on Asena Lane. Jason and I had been talking practically the whole way over and I made him swear to keep his mouth shut, despite what I’d said earlier; at least until we found out what this big secret was.
Dad came rushing out of the house with the biggest, goofiest grin on his face. Dad had aged a lot better than I thought he should’ve, being a workaholic and all. He and Austin had the truck halfway unloaded before I could even get around the house and back outside. 
An hour later, each of our rooms was piled with our boxes and Dad called us down to the kitchen for dinner, which was pizza; Dad never was much of a cook.
“Hey, sorry kids, but there’s been a break in a huge case… You know your way around, if you need anything. I’m really glad you’re here,” Dad apologized with a faint smile before he darted out of the house and I gawked after him.
“Hey, so… tell me what happened,” Austin interjected a moment later, but I shook my head.
“Not until you tell me what you’re hiding from us,” I rebutted calmly.
“Dad’s going to tell you.”
“Dad’s not here. I’m definitely not going to tell you until I know what your secret is….”
“I guess we’re at an impasse for the time being then,” Austin decided with a sigh, “I’m still surprised you chose to move….”
“You don’t have control of this high school,” I commented with a faint smile, but Austin rolled his eyes.
“I don’t, yet. I hope you don’t really think you’re going to get a boyfriend after all the trouble I’ve gone through… after your new classmates meet your little brother… And I will be making myself known as soon as possible.”
I realized something, something that could be considered stupid, but it meant a lot to me. “I’m not going to get through my senior year without ever having my first kiss,” I announced. I didn’t have control over what had happened, but I wouldn’t lose my first kiss.
“You might get through without it; you should,” Austin argued, but I shook my head.
“I’m hopefully going to find a boyfriend and finally get my first kiss,” I concluded with a grin.
We were standing around the kitchen eating the pizza Dad had gotten, so I was quite startled when Austin was suddenly beside me. 
“Arianna,” he whispered, sliding his hand across my cheek and softly pressing his lips to mine. Jason gasped, my plate that I had held fell on the floor and Austin chuckled faintly as he backed away. “Now you’ve had your first kiss.”
“Brothers don’t kiss their sisters like that!” I blurted in shock.
“And so we arrive at what I wasn’t going to tell you,” Austin calmly continued, “You were adopted, Arianna. You’re not our biological sister. Mom and Dad had me, and knew they wanted a second child, and tried for over two years to have another kid…. Fertility treatments and everything… but none of it worked and when I was three, and you were one-and-a-half, they adopted you. Two years later, completely unexpectedly, there came Jason.”
“I’m adopted…” I repeated dumbly, staring across the kitchen with my hand covering my lips. Suddenly all of those things I’d attributed to Mom having had so many cosmetic surgeries and dying her hair, made a lot more sense. I didn’t look a thing like them, because there was no blood connection. I slapped Austin’s arm. “So to tell me I’m adopted, you have to steal my first kiss?!” One more thing stolen from me… and I had a feeling it wouldn’t be the last.
“I’ve been wanting to do that for five years, so you’ll have to forgive me,” Austin reasoned, and that time he gently grabbed me and pulled me to him and kissed me again. “The awkwardness, as you called it, was when I got old enough to realize that us being so close wasn’t normal. I drove myself crazy trying to figure out why I couldn’t stand the thought of being away from my sister for any length of time… and finally asked Dad one day and he told me the truth… but also that I shouldn’t tell you… so instead I protected you.”
“Tried to protect her,” Jason interrupted, there was fury on that young face again. “You should see her face under that makeup….”
“Jay…” I whispered, “Please don’t….”
“I know you’re upset Jason… but she’s not your sister… and I think you’ll discover that’s why you’re upset,” Austin reasoned, tilting my face back to him, “Wash off the makeup and let Jason tell me what happened.”
I barely nodded and rushed out of the room, but the bathroom was close enough to the kitchen that I could still hear them.
“I know how you’re feeling,” Austin comforted with a distant laugh, “I know… ‘cause I’ve been there… You were just starting to wonder, I could tell….”
“Yeah, well, I would’ve protected her a lot better than you did,” Jason rebutted coldly, his eyes landed on me in the open doorway and I barely nodded my head. “Mark raped her, Austin.” He didn’t look away from me when he said it and I know he saw the tremor run through me at the thought. “That bruise is from him….”
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Austin spin around to face me and heard him gasp at the black and blue mark covering my entire left cheek.
“That’s what you weren’t telling me?!” he blurted in absolute shock, and I barely nodded my head, though I had yet to break my gaze from Jason’s, “That’s why Jason’s been by your side… why he bolted in the house earlier… What did Brianna bring you?”
“Morning after pills… but she didn’t know why,” I mumbled, having to look at Austin then because he was standing right in front of me, “Jason only found out because he saw me when I left the bathroom….”
“Arianna… we have to tell Dad,” Austin replied and my face blanched as I shook my head, “Why didn’t you go straight to the police? Why… didn’t you tell me?”
“He said if I told anyone he’d hurt Jason,” I admitted, before biting my lip and slamming my hand over my mouth.
“I’m calling Dad… is there anything anywhere that will help him?”
“I put the sheets out at the trash bins,” Jason added, his voice a lot softer, “It was Saturday… obviously… so the trash hasn’t been picked up yet….”
“We’ll go get them in the morning… you and me, not her,” Austin decided, glancing over his shoulder at Jason before looking back at me. His eyes kept shifting to the bruise on my cheek as he asked, “Are there any other bruises?”
I barely nodded; lifting my arms up there was a yellowish ring around both of my wrists. “Ones on the insides of my… my legs, too….”
Austin nodded and his eyes shifted down my cheek before he stepped out of the kitchen and into the living room. Jason rushed over and hugged me tightly.
“Dad,” Austin had his stern voice, “Arianna needs you, now.” He was silent for a long moment, “Now, Dad.”
“I could’ve taken care of myself…” Jason whispered, but he had no conviction, he knew it wasn’t true.
“If you go with him… don’t let him do anything stupid…” I insisted and Jason nodded.
“But I think it would be better if Dad and I went… the only reason I should go is I know what bag I threw out…” Jason explained and I realized the house had gone oddly quiet. Austin wasn’t on the phone anymore, but he wasn’t coming back.
“Find him,” I whispered and Jason sighed before he darted out of the kitchen. I sank into a chair at the kitchen table and rested my forehead on the tabletop. It was ten minutes before I heard them come back inside the house, bickering, Austin sounded… distraught….
“I never thought…” Austin sighed, staring across the kitchen at me, “I mean… I knew I didn’t like him… but I never… never thought he’d do something like that….”
“Dad’s on his way,” Jason included, crossing the kitchen to sit beside me, “You’re going to have to tell him what actually happened….”
I furiously shook my head. “Not Dad… I can give a deposition… I’ll… I’ll make myself do that… but not to Dad….”
“What’s going on?” Dad called as he came in the kitchen door from the garage. I slowly looked over at him and saw his step falter as his eyes widened. “My God, Arianna… what happened?”
“Mark… raped… me…” I faltered across the words and Dad fell into the seat across from me.
“You didn’t report it…” it wasn’t a question as he stared across the table, “All right… I need to get you to the station… what have you done since?”
“She probably burned off a layer of her skin with that shower she took…” Jason muttered, Dad’s gaze briefly darting to him.
“My friend got me morning after pills,” I included quietly, “It was Saturday… I don’t know what….”
“Jason threw the sheets out, but the trash hasn’t been picked up, so they should still be at Mom’s… we’re going to go get them tomorrow,” Austin contributed, but Dad shook his head.
“I don’t want you near that house, Austin,” Dad countered calmly, “Jason threw out the bag… so I’ll go with him… You take Arianna to the station, have her see Detective Gaines… I’ll call her tonight and give her a head’s up. Arianna… Detective Gaines will take you over to the hospital for them to do a work-up… they’ll need details… Call your friend, get her to get a copy of that prescription from the pharmacy… ask her if she’ll give a deposition on giving you that medication… or if she’d be willing to at least talk to our detectives.”
“I’m sorry, Dad,” I whispered and he smiled softly, reaching across the table to hold my hands.
“You have nothing to be sorry for, sweetheart. We’re going to get through this… we’ll get through it as quietly as we can… try to keep it out of your school… it’s a small high school though…” he thought aloud, “For the time being I’d feel safest if you weren’t left alone….”
“Jason’s been attached to her, Dad, that’s not a problem,” Austin announced with a faint smile, “I told them… by the way….”
“Oh… I guess that’s good,” Dad faltered, squeezing my hands, “I have the information on your biological parents, if you want it; if you don’t, that’s fine too. I got it so that if you ever wanted to know… it wouldn’t be so hard on you… But, I have always, and will always consider you my daughter.”
“I know, Dad,” I quietly replied, squeezing his hands back before he smiled and took a deep breath.
“Okay, I’ll talk to Detective Gaines… if you’re all right, I really need to get back to work,” Dad stated, “We’ll take care of everything we can tomorrow.”
“We’re good here, Dad,” Austin finalized and Dad stared at me a moment longer before getting up and heading towards the back door.
“If you need me, for anything, just call,” Dad added. He looked older walking out the door than he had walking into it and my gaze fell to the table as I realized that was my fault.
“Anna… it’s late,” Austin whispered, gently resting his hand on my back, “Why don’t you go to bed?”
I went into my new room distracted and tried to fall asleep in my new bed, but every unfamiliar creak or groan of the house had me bolting awake with a racing heart. As luck would have it, one of the many times I jumped awake wide-eyed, staring at the open door, Austin and Jason were walking past, and Jason came to a screeching halt.
“You can sleep in my room,” he offered, Austin’s gaze falling first to his little brother, then following his line of sight to me.
“Arianna…” Austin whispered, slipping into my room and falling to kneel beside my bed, “I’ll take you downstairs… we can all three stay in the living room tonight… okay?”
I barely nodded, staring back into his blue eyes that worriedly inspected me. “I need to change…” I murmured, suddenly embarrassed by the pale pink silk nightgown I had put on, but Austin rolled his eyes, “I’m serious! I’m not a little kid anymore! You shouldn’t see me in my nightgown!” That had his cheeks flushing pink and I bit my lip with realization. 
“We’ll be downstairs,” Austin decided, his fingers lightly brushing across my cheek, “Don’t take too long.” He softly kissed my forehead before leaving with Jason and closing the door, but that kiss had my face beet red as I forced myself out of bed and over to my box of unpacked work-out clothes.
I couldn’t help thinking about things then. Austin, my gorgeous, perfect big brother that all the girls swooned over, wasn’t my brother at all. He didn’t have to put it into so many words, his actions made a lot more sense then. The fact that he kept all guys away from me; that we had that awkward phase where he wouldn’t come in my room, or let me in his, or even hug me; the way sometimes he watched me, like at his graduation party; the kiss earlier in the kitchen, and the one just then in my bed….
“Austin’s in love with me,” I whispered to myself while pulling a t-shirt over my sports bra and work-out pants. I also suddenly recalled Dad’s hesitation to let Austin go back to Mom’s house. “Dad knows Austin’s in love with me…” I murmured thoughtfully, pushing my feet into my favorite blue-flame house shoes before grabbing a pillow and blanket and starting for the door, but pausing with my hand on the doorknob. “I don’t know what to do about it…” I uttered before sighing deeply and heading downstairs. 
Austin’s blue eyes darted up the stairs as I started down them and I faltered over my step, nearly tripping myself as his eyes widened before falling to the floor. Whatever my face looked like, apparently told him more than I had meant for it to and I forced myself down the last few steps and into the living room where I piled my things on the loveseat. I was the shortest, so I’d sleep there, but as I went to sit down, Austin was suddenly sitting beside me and I realized Jason wasn’t in the room.
“You’re a very smart girl, Arianna…” he started quietly as I actually settled onto the loveseat and let my eyes shift to his fidgeting hands, “You’re great with puzzles, too; which I guess is what all of these little things could add up to….” He paused and took a deep breath before looking so intently at me that I had to look up into his bright blue eyes, “Just because you know how I feel about you, doesn’t mean you have to change anything. I don’t expect you to feel the same, and I will be your brother as long as you’ll have me.”
“You wouldn’t even let me have a date to prom,” I whispered, it seemed silly then, but true, “You didn’t keep guys away from me… because you were being an overprotective big brother… you kept guys away from me… because you didn’t want to share my time with anyone… but you’re the one… who put the space between us.”
“It was much needed space, I assure you… or I wouldn’t have put it there… you and Jason are going to have to figure things out for yourselves… I did what I felt I needed to do, and I won’t regret it,” he continued softly, “Not that….” He sighed and shook his head, “I regret some other things I did… but not that….”
“I don’t know how to react, Austin… besides the fact that everything makes a lot more sense now…” I mumbled while he reached out and lightly tucked my hair behind my ear and my eyes flickered to the floor before looking at him again, “Like the way you find little ways to touch me… like tucking my hair behind my ear….” 
“Would you two just kiss again already?” Jason blurted with a hint of anger in his tone while he loudly plopped a large bowl of popcorn on the coffee table and a few canned drinks, two of each of our favorites, I noted. “Even I know you love her, Austin… but I’ve known that for a while now… since my classmates started dating… I started recognizing the way you treat her as more than brotherly.” He chuckled distantly as he fell onto the sofa, staring at the can he opened. “Besides… if you two get married… we won’t ever have to be apart….”
“We need to go to sleep… we have a lot to do in the morning… and I won’t lie, it’s not going to be an easy day,” Austin evasively added before climbing into the chair beside the loveseat, his feet resting on the ottoman while Jason started one of our favorite horror flicks.
“You sleep,” Jason countered with a smirk, “I’ll sleep after the movie ends and this popcorn is gone.”
I laughed and jumped onto the sofa beside him, grabbing the popcorn from the table and setting it between us on the cushion but Jason set it back on the table and scooted over to close the distance between us, his arm wrapping around my shoulders.
Austin started to say something, I saw him move like he was upset, but instead he shook his head and curled up in the chair. I heard him mumble something beneath his breath; something that sounded like “It’s not my business.”

The last thing I remembered was Jason and me laughing at the really fake blood that was ‘gushing’ out of the neck of the ‘slaughtered’ victim in the movie. The next thing I knew, Austin was gently shaking my shoulder to wake me up. As I moved to settle deeper into the warmth of the sofa, I realized it wasn’t the sofa that was warm and my eyes widened. Austin laughed distantly and nodded over my head while I woke up enough to realize that Jason was stretched out on the sofa behind me, his arm draped over my waist.
“Yeah… I’d say you two need to figure something out pretty quickly,” Austin faintly remarked, a distant smile on his lips, “We have to get to the police department to meet with Detective Gaines. Dad called and said we should be there within the hour.”
“You think he…” I trailed off. I didn’t even want to be considering that idea and pushed it out of my mind before carefully slipping out from under Jason’s arm and heading upstairs. “Give me about fifteen minutes,” I stated and Austin nodded, not moving from his spot on the floor.
“Jerk,” Jason grumbled, not moving anything except the eyes which he opened and shifted to his older brother, “What’s wrong with liking my not-sister?”
“Oh, is that how you’re going to reason your way through this?” Austin chuckled, ruffling Jason’s hair which sent a scattering of dried gel flying. “You’re too young, for one, little brother, to be chasing after our ‘not’ sister. For another, she’s not going to immediately stop seeing us as her brothers.”
“I’m not that young, Austin,” Jason growled back, “It’s my thirteenth birthday next week.”
“It’s her seventeenth birthday next month. It’s four years difference, Jay,” Austin laughed faintly, “But that isn’t even the point… I’m sorry I haven’t been paying better attention… I should’ve realized you were going through this….”
“Jason! We need to leave soon!” Dad called while he closed the door from the garage to the kitchen and Jason groaned as he pushed himself to sit up.
“I’m guessing you didn’t get much sleep,” Austin quietly commented but Jason laughed and stared into Austin’s eyes.
“I slept better than I’ve ever slept in my life and I do not regret it at all,” Jason clearly recited, his blue-green eyes intense, “Butt out, Austin… it’s really not your business….”
“I know you feel that way, but I’m here if you decide you want to talk, or need to talk… the only thing I really want you to understand, is this isn’t just about you and your feelings, you have to remember Anna,” Austin insisted before standing up and heading to the bottom of the stairs. “We need to leave, Anna!”
I hesitated at my bedroom door, feeling the ghost-like sensation still around my waist from Jason’s arm. I sighed and took a deep breath before heading downstairs and following Austin to his new car in the garage.
We didn’t talk much on the way to the police department, I was too nervous about having to give a deposition, and going through whatever hospital inspection I would have to go through; but I was curious why Austin was being so quiet and finally had to ask.
“I’ve got a lot on my mind, I’m sorry,” he answered quietly, briefly darting his blue gaze to me, “I know it’s not right to ask of you… but do you ever think you’ll stop seeing me as your brother?”
See Austin as just another guy… could I do that? I didn’t know, couldn’t know, couldn’t imagine him not being around. I eventually shrugged when I realized the silence had stretched on for a long moment.
“Nobody here has to know you’re my sister…” he murmured and I barely heard him as he pulled up at the station, “But you’ve got to be careful with Jason, Anna… He really likes you… and you’re aware that he’s not actually related to you.”
“You’re blowing things out of proportion,” I argued, taking a few deep breaths to prepare myself for what I was about to do. Just as I reached for the door handle, though, Austin leaned over and pulled me back to him, softly kissing my lips.
“No, I’m not,” he rebutted, my breath catching in my throat, “Sorry… I don’t really mean to keep doing that… We should get inside.”
I jumped out of the car before he could say anything else and was halfway to the front doors before he caught up to me and walked in at my side. He didn’t say anything else, or do anything else until we got to the front desk and the young woman behind the counter smiled up at him.
“Wow! Look at you, Austin Gray! You’ve grown up a lot!” she greeted cheerfully and I noticed the soft wrinkles around her eyes when she smiled.
“Yeah, I just graduated high school. Arianna has a meeting with Detective Gaines,” Austin prompted and the woman’s gaze fell down to me with a soft smile in her brown eyes. 
“Sure, I’ll let her know you’re here. You can wait for her in interview room two,” she responded, looking back at Austin, “Do you remember the way?” Austin nodded and took hold of my wrist as he started down a side hall. 
He led me into a room that I was thankful didn’t resemble the ones on t.v. with the gray walls and two-way mirror. This one looked more like a regular office room with a large oak table and cushioned chairs around it and actual windows that looked out on the parking lot. I fell into one of the chairs and Austin sat beside me before I looked at him wide-eyed.
“You can’t stay,” I stated in a breath, the thought of him hearing utterly terrified me, “I can’t tell her with you in here….”
He stared back at me for a long moment before nodding. “I’ll leave when you get to that part then…” he conceded, smiling faintly, “When we leave, we’ll go by the ice cream shop.”
“Are you trying to bribe me?” I goaded and he chuckled and shrugged, “I can’t have you in here, Austin… I’m sorry… but ice cream would be really nice….”
“I know,” he laughed, gently grabbing my hand and squeezing it, “I know you love ice cream when you’re upset… I know a lot about you, Arianna….”
Just then the door opened and a middle-aged woman walked in, her graying brown hair pulled back into a sharp bun and her eyes only briefly passing over Austin before landing on me. She had great emotional control, I couldn’t read her at all.
“Arianna Gray?” she asked and I barely nodded, “I’m Detective Gaines, you can call me Mary. Detective…” she paused and almost laughed, “Your Dad asked me to talk to you today… did you want your brother to stay or go?”
I shot Austin a look and he took a breath before standing up and letting go of my hand at the same time.
“She said she’d be more comfortable without me here. I’ll just be in the lobby; please let me know when I can take her back home,” Austin requested and Detective Gaines looked at him closer before looking at me again.
“We’re going to have to go to the hospital… normally, I’d just take her to Doctor Wayne, but your father wanted to keep this as quiet as possible… which means going to the hospital,” Detective Gaines informed him and Austin barely nodded.
“Am I allowed to go with you for that part?” Austin queried, glancing back at me, but my wide-eyes made him chuckle, “I’ll be here when you get back, then….”
He left the room and Detective Gaines took the chair across from me, waiting a moment longer before she looked up at me.
“I’m not going to lie to you, Arianna… you should’ve reported this immediately… there won’t be as much proof now and it’s going to be a lot harder to put this creep behind bars where he belongs. But you have some proof. I know you’re wearing makeup to cover your bruise, but we’re going to have to take pictures of any bruises and document it. We have to document everything… details… bruises… we’ll have to subpoena your doctor records… When was the last time you saw a gynecologist?” 
I stared at her blankly for a long moment, forcing myself to sort through my thoughts and suddenly thankful for my mother’s obsessive behavior.
“My yearly check-up was last month,” I told her and saw the relief flood her eyes, “Why?”
“Your father implied a lack of sexual activity in your life…”
“Oh… I…” I faltered, biting my lip and taking a deep breath, “I am… was… a virgin….”
“That will show up in your file,” she stated with a soft smile, “It’s a good thing… because the hospital will show something different. Do you have a boyfriend?” I couldn’t help the laugh that escaped me and she looked startled.
“Like Austin would ever let me have a boyfriend…” I muttered more to myself, “No, Detective Gaines… I’ve actually never had a boyfriend, and didn’t even have a date to prom… you can ask anyone at my old high school about that….”
“But you just said: ‘like Austin would ever let me have a boyfriend.’ Why did you say that? You were talking about your brother, Austin, weren’t you?”
“Detective Gaines… I guess my Dad never told you… but I was adopted… they’re not blood relatives at all,” I mumbled, glancing at my fidgeting hands, “I always thought that Austin was just being overprotective… but… it turns out it might have been more than that… he made sure our entire school knew that I was off limits; he’s always done that, so I’ve never had a boyfriend.”
“I see… I need you to tell me the details on what happened with…” she paused and looked down at her notepad, “Mark Owens? Is that the right name, Arianna?”
She spotted the tremor that ran down my spine before I nodded and took a deep breath. “It was Saturday afternoon… I guess right around noon, really… I like to sleep in on Saturdays… Mom was at her boutique… Austin was at work… Jason was… down the hall in his room, playing video games or something… he always plays video games with headphones on, ‘cause Mom complains about the noise…” I paused and took a shaky breath as I forced myself to remember, “I’m a very light sleeper… so I heard the door click closed and it woke me up….” A sob shook my body and Detective Gaines produced a Kleenex from her pocket and passed it to me.
“I need to know what happened, Arianna… I know it’s difficult, but take your time and tell me…” she prompted while I wadded the Kleenex into a ball and unfolded it repeatedly.
“Mark was at the door… he told me to keep quiet, but I screamed… that’s when he… he hit me.” My hand involuntarily darted up to my left cheek, “He threatened Mom and Jason… and shoved his tie in my mouth to keep me quiet… I remember… it tasted like sweat… it was gross… unnecessary after he threatened Jason…” I paused again and took another deep breath, showing her the bruises on my wrists, “He pinned my hands above my head… I have bruises on the inside of my thighs from his having to pry them apart… and then he just… God it hurt… I blacked out for a minute which was scarier than anything else….”
“What was he wearing? Did he completely undress? Did he undress you?” she asked the questions without pause and I had to think harder.
“He was wearing what he always wore… black slacks and a white button-up shirt for work… the tie was all that ever changed… it was…” I paused to focus harder, “The green one with the blue-plaid design on it… He… usually wore that one on Wednesdays… it’s kind of weird that he was even in his work outfit on a Saturday….” My mind focused almost completely on that for a long time until I made myself look back at Detective Gaines. “He only unzipped his pants… he ripped off my nightgown completely….” My gaze fell to the balled up Kleenex again. “There was blood and… semen… all over my sheets… Jason had thrown them out… but he and Dad went back to get them today….”
“I’m going to leave the room for a while… I want you to write out and sign a deposition… think about what you’re writing, put in as much detail as you can remember,” she instructed before pushing a notepad and pen across the table to me, “Take as much time as you need. I’ll be back to check on you soon. I’m going to talk to Austin for a minute.”
I took the notepad, but my eyes darted up to her curiously with that last comment.
“Why are you going to talk to Austin?”
She hesitated at the door and looked back at me, “It would help if he’d confirm your information about his not letting you have a boyfriend… any corroboration will be helpful… it will make the situation easier, more believable if there are more people involved… that’s all.”
It wasn’t all, but I wasn’t about to argue with her and instead only nodded and started writing. Just as I was finishing up, she came back with Austin beside her and I scrambled to flip the notepad over and cover up the writing.
“I’m not going to look, Anna,” Austin assured, sitting back in the chair beside me but spinning it to face me, “I never thought my wanting you to myself would end up being anything helpful… but I guess stranger things have happened before….”
“I think it would be good to have Austin follow us to the hospital and wait outside of the exam room so he can take you straight home afterward,” Detective Gaines included, but my focus remained on Austin and I lifted a single eyebrow at him; I knew what he’d done, but still.
“Okay… but can you leave so I can finish signing this?” I requested and Austin spun his chair away from me to face the detective.
“I called Mom and got the number for Arianna’s gynecologist. I’ll have to let Dad make the call to request the paperwork, if we’re keeping this all quiet, that is,” Austin recited while I flipped over the notepad, re-read my three pages of scribble and signed and dated the bottom. I loudly slammed the notepad back on the table facedown, making even myself jump before I looked up at Austin and the detective wide-eyed.
“I’m ready,” I announced, sliding the upside-down notepad across the table to the detective and she discreetly flipped it over and read over the three pages quickly and I spotted her chewing on her bottom lip.
“All right, I’ll meet you two out in the parking lot,” Detective Gaines announced, standing up from her seat and waiting for us to leave the room in front of her before she stepped out and closed the door.
“I admit… I wonder how horrible it was… I wonder how badly I should really want to hurt him…” Austin murmured while we headed out the front doors, “But at the same time, I’m afraid to know the truth because I might act on my anger… Dad was right not to let me go back to Mom’s….”
“Did you… did you tell her…?” I faltered, darting my gaze between him and the curb repeatedly.
“Arianna…” he started and my gaze fixed on the lines in the cement.
“She didn’t believe you… she doesn’t… believe me…” I whispered, biting hard on my lip to keep myself from crying.
“It doesn’t matter what she thinks,” he insisted, pulling me into his arms and hugging me tightly to him, “It doesn’t matter, Arianna… she’s selfish… you know that… she doesn’t want to lose her precious boyfriend….”
“She doesn’t believe me,” I whimpered, shaking my head back and forth against his shirt, “She’d believe some guy that’s been in her life for a couple of months over the daughter that she raised?! I get that I’m not her flesh and blood, but….”
“She’s a bitch, Anna…” Austin hissed beneath his breath, but I gasped and backed away from him to look up into his eyes and he chuckled distantly. “Sorry… but I can’t stand her sometimes… and she is my flesh and blood.”
“It’s time to go,” Detective Gaines clearly recited, allowing plenty of time for Austin to step further away from me before she started towards her personal, unmarked car. “We’ll meet back up at the hospital after her exam.”
Austin lightly hugged me again before smiling faintly and heading off to his car while the detective and I climbed into hers. She passed a bottle to me while she pulled out of the parking lot and I flipped it over to read: makeup remover.
“There’s napkins in the door,” she directed and I pulled one out before squeezing some of the liquid onto it. “Arianna… it’s not your fault… nothing that happened is your fault… and despite the fact that you should’ve immediately reported the incident to the police, I think you handled it better than I’ve ever seen anyone handle it… but you should’ve reported it… and that second almost-incident never would’ve happened.”
I silently, and carefully, wiped the makeup off of my face, which was still quite sore; it had just become a pain I was nearly used to feeling. I had almost all of the makeup off when we stopped at a red light and Detective Gaines gasped in shock. 
“How much longer til we reach the hospital?” I mumbled and she repeatedly blinked her eyes before refocusing on the road and the light which had just turned green.
“It’s still about ten minutes away… if we stayed in town… someone would see you… we’re still running the risk of running into a parent from your high school… Arianna… it’s not a huge city, despite its looks… and you’re new… and you’re really a rather pretty girl… and this is a pretty huge deal what has happened to you. Your father wants to keep it quiet so that you can have a… semi-normal senior year. Not that high school around here is very normal…” she seemed to say that last part more to herself which had my eyes darting to her curiously.
“What do you mean high school here isn’t normal?” I pressed, feeling a knot form in my stomach, all I wanted was one normal year of high school, was that really so much to ask?
“You’ll see when you get to class in the fall,” she dismissed, pulling up outside of a large white building that was clearly marked ‘Eastside Hospital’ and parking in front of the ER doors. “Now, you’re not exactly an emergency case… but the best doctors are in the ER here… and they’ll know how to properly document everything. Don’t be scared, Arianna… you’re safe here.”
I smiled faintly and only followed her inside, thinking all the while that I should’ve been safe in my own home with my family, but that wasn’t safe, so why should I think of a strange hospital as safe. I had to give them credit, the ER people did a lot of double takes at my face, or more so at the purplish bruise on my cheek, but they didn’t stare, and they didn’t come rushing over like there was something they could actually do to help with it. I guessed the not rushing over had a lot to do with my police escort, though, and not so much with their respectfulness.
Doctor Hershel ended up helping, or really, she was the one poking and prodding, swabbing, and documenting me into the system while her assistant, Nurse Rency, took pictures and offered me pain pills that I turned down.
“I don’t really take much medication,” I tried to explain to her, but she looked relatively confused before shrugging.
“That’s fine, Arianna,” Doctor Hershel told me, “We’re not going to make you take the pain meds… you just look like you could use them.”
“It’s not as painful as the migraines I get sometimes, and I don’t take anything for those either,” I countered with my own shrug, “Thanks, though.”
“Tell you what, though, to make us both feel more comfortable,” Doctor Hershel started, pulling out her prescription pad and quickly scribbling on it before handing me the top sheet, “If you decide you need them, this will get you just some high strength Ibuprofen, but if you decide you don’t, you can shred it and forget about it.”
I barely nodded and accepted the paper, really just intending to go home and rip it up, but she was being really nice, so I thought I’d hang onto it for a few days.
“That should be everything, Arianna… we’ve got all the documentation we can get. If you’d like to use the bathroom to change back into your street clothes, I’ll talk to Detective Gaines,” Doctor Hershel offered and I quickly gathered up my few clothes and little purse and darted into the bathroom.
“Did everything turn out okay?” Detective Gaines queried as my eyes darted to the door between us.
“Better than I wish it had…” Doctor Hershel replied, “It is obvious there was force used… the bruises on her wrists and thighs are so bad that we might be able to get handprints from them to compare sizing. We did the swab, but I doubt with the morning after pill and the passing time that anything will come of that… The bruise on her face… as horrible as it is, will be extremely helpful, because… I can say with certainty, that that bruise was caused by an adult male hand.”
“Her father called… he and the youngest Gray were able to retrieve her sheets… I’m sure that will provide the last bit of proof we need,” Detective Gaines reported, but her gaze shifted to the door as I pulled it open and stepped out in my jeans and shirt with my bruise covered again. 
“Can I go home now?” I queried and they both nodded, the detective holding the main door open for me.
“I’ll take you to Austin, he’ll take you home,” she stated and I slipped out of the room, watching her feet more than anything else while we made our way through the hospital to the waiting room. 
I sensed him before I looked, and when I looked, Austin was sitting alone in the room, despite the other people nearby. He was giving a very fierce ‘stay away’ vibe, and that was what I had felt; but when his eyes landed on me, the vibe went away and he smiled softly as I heard the squeal of girls in the room. Squeals which turned to whispers when he got up and walked quickly over to me.
“Let’s go home,” he insisted and I only nodded, glancing at the detective who smiled and nodded.
“You’re good to go; there’s nothing else we can do right now,” she explained and Austin led me out to his car and got it started away from the hospital before he spoke again.
“Dad and Jay got the sheets,” he remarked; I already knew that from overhearing Doctor Hershel and Detective Gaines. “I messed up, Anna…” he murmured and I bit my lip as my eyes shifted curiously to him, “Mom thought it was some big joke… and told Mark… and he bolted. He’s nowhere to be found….”
I stared at him silent and wide-eyed. “She… I hope you don’t ever expect me to see that woman again…” I managed to say, though fear had wound my stomach into knots, “Austin… he knows where we live now….”
“You really don’t need to worry about your safety… none of us will let anything happen to you,” Austin swore seriously and I did feel a twinge of relief, but Mark’s threat to Jason echoed in my mind.
“Can we just go home?” I whispered and Austin glanced at me.
“No,” he rebutted, pulling into a parking lot only a moment later, “I know you… I know you better than I know anyone… we’re stopping for ice cream….”
“It’s not just that… Detective Gaines… she said this high school isn’t a normal high school… it’s got me all curious and worried about school…” I faintly admitted and Austin rolled his eyes before jumping out of the car and darting around to pull me out of my seat.
“Stop worrying so much, Anna. I’m sure she didn’t mean much of anything by it; ask Dad when we get home,” he directed, almost pulling me into the old-fashioned ice cream parlor where I instantly noticed tension. I let my eyes dart around the parlor and the knot in my stomach tightened further.
There were several groups of teenagers inside, lining the tables near the front windows, and it was more than a little obvious that they’d been watching us since we were outside. They were silent and staring as Austin led me over to the counter, completely ignoring them; I say ignoring the staring, because Austin always knew when he was being watched, and his shoulders were tense from his annoyance with being watched.
“Austin Gray! Look at you!” the woman behind the counter greeted and the silence spread into whispers while I looked curiously at Austin. Here was yet another person in Dad’s town that knew him.
“How’s the business, Leah?” Austin replied genuinely curious and I looked up at him to spot a glimmer in his blue eyes.
“Oh, business is the same as always. What can I get for you today?” Leah questioned while pulling out ice cream scoops from the water they were kept in, “And who is this with you?”
“This is Arianna,” Austin told her, his hand lightly resting on my shoulder clenched when the whispers grew louder. “And I’ll take a scoop of butter pecan in a waffle cone.”
“And for you, Arianna?” Leah inquired while I was looking through the glass at my options.
“Turtle?” I whispered and she smiled and nodded, “A waffle cone is fine.”
“You two can sit down and I’ll bring them out to you,” Leah offered and with his hand still on my shoulder, Austin led me to one of the old-fashioned two-seater high tables and sat across from me, his back to two of the groups of teenagers.
“Anna,” Austin beckoned, and I pulled my gaze away from inspecting them back to Austin, “Ignore them or you’re going to draw more attention to yourself.”
“More? Why am I drawing any attention to myself?” I pressed, but I stared into his blue eyes intently.
“You’re new, they don’t know you… it’s not a huge town to begin with…” Austin reasoned with a shrug, “The city is huge… this is not part of the city… and it is not huge… everyone knows everybody else.”
“Speaking of… why does everyone know you?” I pestered and he chuckled softly.
“I came to visit Dad a lot when he first moved here… during summer break when you and Jason were at summer camp, I’d come visit Dad for the summer,” he reasoned with a shrug, “I’ve always liked it here, that’s why I decided to try for this college. It’s really difficult to get into, actually….”
“Is that why your grades improved so much?” I laughed and he nodded seriously just before Leah brought over two waffle cones and handed them to us.
“You two enjoy, and don’t let those other kids bug you,” Leah commented with a grin, her eyes flicking to me before lingering on Austin, “She’s pretty, Austin. Good job.”
“Thanks,” Austin chuckled and Leah walked away again while Austin looked over at me with a twinkle in his bright blue eyes. “Arianna, you’re blushing,” he whispered which only worsened the heat in my face while I darted my attention to the table.
“We’re still legally brother and sister,” I mumbled, eating my ice cream slowly while my attention wandered to the groups of teenagers again and my gray eyes met a pair of bright emerald eyes. “And everyone’s still watching us….” The emerald eyes were partially hidden beneath shaggy blonde hair, on the face of a rather gorgeous guy; a guy wearing jeans and a plain t-shirt, but he somehow stood out from the others and looked like a model.
“Anna,” Austin beckoned and I pulled my attention away from the staring emerald eyes back to him curiously. “Don’t… not the ones here… please….”
“What?” I pressed and he sighed.
“Please don’t fall for some guy here… there’s some guy behind me and you think he’s attractive… right?” Austin wondered and I blinked in surprise before shrugging.
“There’s a guy behind you that stands out and is staring at me, and he has really pretty eyes,” I retorted simply, “I hadn’t thought too much past that. Austin… since you never let me have a boyfriend, I kinda stopped letting myself get my hopes up that some guy was going to ask me out….” I paused for a long moment before sighing. “It was like… why get interested in a guy and get to thinking about ‘ooh, maybe he’ll ask me out’ when I knew that was never going to happen?”
“Then please don’t stare at him… he’ll think you’re interested, and come over here,” he stopped mid-sentence because the emerald-eyed guy had gotten up and left his group to walk over to the table.
“I couldn’t help but overhear,” he started in a sweet, melodic voice, “Are you Arianna Gray? Detective Gray’s daughter? And Austin Gray?” He only let his gaze wander to Austin briefly, focusing intently on me, but I darted my eyes between him and Austin before staring into my ice cream.
“Yes, we are,” Austin answered with an edge to his voice, “But Arianna is adopted, not exactly my father’s daughter.”
“I see,” the guy remarked, laughing faintly, “Austin Gray… I’m Jack Clayborne, and I’d like to show your adopted sister around town, if that’s all right.”
I bit my lip to keep myself from laughing, but I couldn’t stop myself from smiling and chancing a glance at Jack who was smiling kindly at Austin, but winked when he glanced at me.
“I’m sorry, but my dad wants her with either me or my little brother at all times,” Austin countered with his fake friendly smile.
“Jason Gray, right?” Jack questioned and a tiny giggle passed my lips, “We can show him around, too. I’d offer to show you around, Austin, but quite frankly, I remember when you used to come visit every summer.”
“Yeah… how’s Patrick?” Austin evasively asked.
“Patrick’s fine. He graduated salutatorian from our high school this past semester. He’s going to Berringfield University this fall,” Jack explained and I spotted the tiniest twitch in Austin’s left eye.
“Arianna doesn’t date, Jack,” Austin coldly announced and Jack smirked and shrugged.
“Who said anything about a date? I just wanted to show her around. Does Arianna talk?” he lightly laughed and I giggled again, biting harder on my lip when Austin shot me a look.
“I can talk,” I whispered, looking over to meet Jack’s curious gaze, “I choose not to talk very much… and you showing me around town, sounds like a date.”
“I never said it would just be me,” he corrected coyly, “I could get a whole big group together if you’d like. Actually, there’s a group of us headed out to the lake tomorrow night for a bonfire; we were curious if any of you Grays would care to come along.”
“We’ll see,” Austin nonchalantly answered while Jack fished in his pocket and pulled out a pen and then pulled my hand gently over to him.
“Call me,” he began, jotting down his name and number on my palm, “No matter what you decide; so I know whether or not to keep an eye out for you.” He met my gaze for a long moment before glancing at Austin again, “You’re all invited.”
His fingers curled my hand into a fist as they slid to the table and he headed back to his group of friends.
“Do you want to leave?” I inquired, chancing to look up at Austin who looked probably normal to someone who doesn’t know him, but he was definitely barely containing his anger.
“No… you don’t walk away from a Clayborne…” Austin uttered beneath his breath, “If I’d known who you kept staring at… we would’ve left earlier… I want to scrub your hand clean….” I unconsciously curled my fist tighter and pulled it into my lap, only realizing I’d even done it because Austin’s gaze darted down to follow my hand. “God… you want to go….”
“He said no matter what our decision was… to call and let him know… it would be rude to just not show up…” I countered, uncurling my hand in my lap to keep from smudging the ink, “And I do think it would be fun if all three of us went….”
“I don’t want to share you,” Austin rebutted almost silently while my gaze fell back to my ice cream, “I certainly don’t want to share you with a Clayborne….”
“You’re going to have to explain that to me at some point,” I mumbled, looking up when Jack’s group got up to leave the ice cream parlor and he smiled and waved at me before following his friends outside. “And I do want to go… I think it would be fun.”
“We’ll see,” Austin dismissed, but anger flared like heat inside of my chest.
“I’m not a little kid, Austin… and you’re not my boyfriend… if I want to go, I’ll go, and you can’t stop me,” I uttered, being sure to keep my voice between the two of us and not let the nearby people hear me.
“We’ll see what Dad has to say about it… about that Clayborne and his friends and if it’s safe to go,” Austin countered stubbornly, “Let’s get home, Anna.”
I only nodded. I’d just finished my last bite of waffle cone; so we headed out of the ice cream parlor, not unnoticed, and got in his car, still being watched, and started towards home.






Chapter 3

“Tell me about your dislike of the Claybornes,” I asked as soon as we were out of sight of the parlor.
“Patrick is the older one… we fought a lot when we were younger… he’s nothing shy of an ass… and insanely stubborn… if he thinks he’s right, there’s no changing his mind, and he will do anything to get what he wants. His parents are really the same way, so I’d hope you’d understand why I don’t particularly like the idea of you being around any of the Claybornes, especially not a guy that’s obviously into you,” Austin quickly spat out, his words still tipped with anger, “If Jack is anything like his family, he’ll do anything to get you.”
“And if he’s not like his family? Will you stop being so obnoxious about it? I want to go to the bonfire,” I rebutted and Austin sighed, glancing over at me when he could.
“We’ll see what Dad has to say… There’s no way I’m agreeing to this whole bonfire idea unless Jason and I both go with you… what if Mark showed up? No one would know to keep him away from you,” Austin continued, trying to push the few buttons that would make me not want to go to the bonfire.
“Why would he know to look at some lake that I don’t even know where is? And I very much doubt he’d do anything to me if there were other people around…” I tried to keep my voice strong, but even I heard the slight quaver in it.
We reached the house still arguing, but our arguments were silenced when we spotted Mom’s car in the driveway. I stared in blatant shock at the BMW and Austin lost the last thread of control he had on his anger.
“Stay in the car,” he blurted while he slammed the car into park and jumped out, headed for the house. “What the hell is she doing here?!” Austin yelled, he hadn’t even made it inside, Dad had met him at the front door and Austin was gesturing towards Mom’s car.
“I couldn’t leave her alone in her house without protection when she had been indirectly threatened,” Dad reasoned, his voice and posture weary as he glanced at me in Austin’s car. “I’m putting her on a plane to her mother’s first thing in the morning… I can’t trust her to keep her mouth shut if I take her to town, Austin….”
“You can’t honestly expect Anna to stay here with a mother who believed her boyfriend over her daughter; and on top of that, told him! She’s the reason that sleazebag isn’t behind bars right now!” Austin hollered while Jason slipped out the front door, past Dad, and headed towards me in the car.
“I don’t know what to tell you, Austin… Bring Anna in through the garage… your mother will be staying in the living room,” Dad bargained as best as he could, “She won’t be going upstairs, so you kids can just stay upstairs… I’d let you stay in a hotel if it wasn’t such a bad idea.”
“Hey… how did the hospital and everything go?” Jason quietly asked, crouching on the ground beside my seat with the open door rested against his back, “Are you okay?”
“I’m all right, Jay…” I whispered and his hand shot up to take hold of mine. “Seriously,” I assured with a faint laugh, looking down into his worried blue-green eyes, “We were invited to a bonfire with a bunch of people from the high school tomorrow night.” I paused when his eyes lit up, “You, me, and Austin… but Austin’s completely against it.”
“That’s because Austin doesn’t like sharing you… he didn’t even want to let you go to prom with his group of friends…” Jason murmured before sighing, “A bonfire… seriously? I want to go!”
As if he could hear us, Austin’s gaze darted back to his car, he was still quite furious.
“We’ll come back home later tonight… I’ll go show them around the town, treat them to dinner… keep them out of the house for the most part,” Austin conceded, his gaze intent on Dad again, “More importantly… what do you know about Jack Clayborne and any of his friends?”
Dad’s eyes widened briefly, startled and he laughed. “Jack’s a good kid; he stays out of trouble. He even kept Patrick out of trouble sometimes when he got older… He hangs out with a good group of kids. The only reason any of them register on my radar is from volunteer work and awards,” Dad explained with a shrug, but he caught the look in Austin’s eyes, “That wasn’t what you wanted to hear…. Why did you ask, Austin?”
“So going to a lake bonfire with him and his friends… you think it would be okay?” Austin evasively continued and Dad nodded.
“Oh, absolutely! You mean the one tomorrow night, right? They’ve already gotten all the permits and arranged to have an officer nearby,” Dad proudly announced, but sighed and glanced over at me, “Austin… you’re going to have to let her go eventually… chances of her seeing past your being her brother, adopted or not, are slim.”
“A) No,” Austin coldly stated, “B) not ever in a million years will I let her get involved with the Claybornes.”
“Jack lives by himself, Austin… he got a job when he was fourteen, saved all of his money, petitioned the courts, and moved out when he was sixteen,” Dad commented thoughtfully, “He’s not like the other Claybornes… he’s actually the complete opposite… he’d be an ideal candidate to trust with Arianna… I certainly approve.”
Austin stared silently at Dad for a long moment before turning and heading back to the car. “Get in, Jason… I’ll show you two around town,” he directed and Jason darted to the driver’s side to slip into the backseat before Austin got into the driver’s seat.
“So we can go to the bonfire?” I asked almost immediately after we got out of the driveway and Austin sighed deeply.
“Does the fact that I love you really not mean anything to you?” he uttered and I felt a twinge of guilt, but stared down at my hands in my lap. Jason, did not take it so lightly, he was suddenly leaning up between the front seats.
“Don’t be a jerk, Austin,” Jason declared, “Anna knows how you feel, but she’s still legally our sister.”
“Legally or not… you’re my brothers,” I whispered, winding my fingers into knots, “Maybe… maybe if you hadn’t been so distant these last years… things might be different… but even then… I think I’d still see you as my brother….”
“There has to be a way I can change that…” Austin sighed, his shoulders slumping as his last bit of anger faded away, “I really do love you, Arianna….”
The car was silent as Austin drove through the winding tree-lined streets and Jason fell back into the backseat. 
I was thinking, about a lot of things… staring out at the passing forests and realizing for the first time just how many trees were in this town. It was just outside of the big city, but driving through it, you’d think you were out in the middle of nowhere. And there really wasn’t a lot of traffic… I expected to see a lot more cars on the road than I did.
“This is a weird town…” I mumbled just as the tree line suddenly stopped and opened up on a gigantic parking lot with a humongous building in the middle; a building that reminded me of an old museum.
“It is a little weird,” Austin agreed, shrugging his shoulders and finding a parking space close to the building which I was scrutinizing before my eyes widened in shock at the name I finally found on it.
“This is a mall?” I gawked and Austin laughed and nodded, “This looks like a museum! It’s a mall?”
Austin reached over and grabbed my hand, pulling it closer to him while I nearly jerked it away from him before I looked to see his cell phone in his other hand. He quickly dialed the number written on my palm and then lightly let my hand fall back to my lap.
“Hello?” I could hear Jack’s curious voice over the phone and smiled faintly, but I didn’t know what in the world Austin was doing.
“Jack, it’s Austin Gray,” Austin stated, my shoulders tensing with worry.
“Oh! Hey, Austin! Did you talk to your little brother about the bonfire?”
“Yeah… we’ll be there. Can you text more information to my cell?” 
“Great! And sure! All three of you?”
“All three of us,” Austin answered and I squealed as I jumped across the seat to hug him.
“Well great! I’m at the mall right now…” Jack was saying and Austin nearly dropped his phone he was so surprised.
“So are we…” he muttered beneath his breath.
“Alex and I are at the bookstore; could we meet up somewhere? It’d be cool to meet the youngest Gray before tomorrow,” Jack requested and Austin stared into my pleading eyes for a long moment, his hand sliding up and into my hair.
“Yeah… we’ll be at the bookstore in five…” Austin conceded before saying goodbye and hanging up. His hand slid to the back of my head and he pulled me closer, kissing my forehead. “Dad thinks really highly of this guy… that’s the only reason I’m okay with you being anywhere near him….”
I hugged him again before grabbing my purse and jumping out of the car with Jason on my heels. 
“So we’re going?” Jason asked with bright eyes as Austin laughed, leading us into and through the overly crowded mall.
“Yes, we’re going,” Austin replied, shaking his head in amusement, “I think you two will end up liking it here… I just hope you don’t like it too much.”
My eyes were darting around, trying to take in all of the shops to see which ones I wanted to come back to and also, unfortunately, catching all of the gazes that kept shifting to us with whispers. My back stiffened when I caught pieces of the whispers, and Jason’s hand was suddenly in mine.
“One of these days, we’ll teach you how to ignore people,” Jason chuckled and I smiled faintly, still looking around until I felt eyes watching me and looked up to spot Jack in front of a store, staring at me. 
It took me a minute to realize his lips were moving, and I pulled my gaze away long enough to spot the other guy beside him. Another, tall, slender, model-type guy with messy short deep black hair and when his eyes darted to me, I blinked back the surprise of finding them to be a strangely beautiful aqua blue.
“Austin, Arianna, this is Alex Moore,” Jack introduced when we reached them and Alex nodded his head, his eyes lingering on me, “Alex, this is Austin, Arianna, and I’m guessing you must be Jason…?”
“And you must be Jack,” Jason responded without letting go of my hand, a fact that both Jack and Alex had spotted; I’d seen their eyes linger with a twinge of wide-eyed surprise.
“Yup,” Jack laughed, “Did you guys want to go anywhere? We were just about to stop by the jewelry store.”
I tilted my head curiously and Alex repressed a laugh, but his lips curled into a smile.
“It’s my sister’s birthday Sunday,” Alex answered my unasked question, “Actually, a girl’s opinion would be very much appreciated; if you’re willing to give it, that is…?”
I smiled and nodded, “I’d be happy to look. Though we girls aren’t all alike, you know.” We started walking, and Alex fell into step on my other side while Austin and Jack talked about bonfire plans and Jason continued holding onto my hand.
“You’re right,” Alex agreed with a grin, “She’s a sophomore at Berringfield… majoring in music education; she wants to teach chorus. She wears a lot of skirts, longer, flowy skirts. But she is very much into the moon and butterflies.”
“So what are you thinking of getting her?” I questioned just as we veered into a really fancy jewelry store and the employee that spotted him darted into the backroom.
“Well, see… I had it custom-made… but a second opinion, and a first from a girl, would be really nice,” he revealed with a soft smile as the employee rushed back out of the backroom with one of those black velvet neck displays in her hands. 
“Here you are, Mr. Moore,” she announced, setting the display on the counter as my eyes widened in shock.
There was a delicate silver chain holding that three-moon design, the one with two crescents on either side of a full moon, and the moons were filled with a white-blue stone, but partially covering the connections between the moons, were dainty butterflies with their wings filled with a Rainbow-hued stone.
“It’s… a very special symbol to her, the moons,” Alex started and I nearly jumped out of my shoes, I’d forgotten anyone else was there, “And they’re filled with moonstone, and the butterflies are made with fire topaz. So what do you think, Arianna?”
“It’s gorgeous,” I whispered in awe and Alex chuckled softly.
“I’m ready to take it home, then,” Alex told the employee and she was gone in the blink of an eye, busying herself to getting it properly packaged and ready to go.
Jason squeezed my hand and my eyes darted back to him curiously. “You don’t know what that is, do you?” Jason quietly asked and I shook my head as he laughed, “God, Austin’s sheltered you….”
“Hey, so have you guys had dinner yet?” Jack interjected while Alex slipped off to pay for the necklace.
“No, we haven’t; I was showing them around town,” Austin answered and Jack lifted a single perfect eyebrow.
“So you wouldn’t be interested in going to the food court? Or meeting up much of anywhere really?” Jack persisted and Austin glanced at me before sighing.
“Not the food court… I was going to take them out somewhere nice, like Meril’s,” Austin reasoned and Jack sucked a breath in through his teeth.
“I don’t know if I can afford Meril’s this month…” Jack mumbled, but Alex’s hand landed on his shoulder.
“I’ve got it tonight; don’t worry about it,” Alex assured, glancing at me before looking at Austin, “Do you mind if we join you?”
“That’s fine,” Austin conceded, “I don’t even know if we can get in….” Alex laughed and flipped out his phone before starting out of the store. 
“All right… I have to ask,” Jack started as we all followed after Alex, “Why is your more-than-old-enough-for-it-to-be-weird brother holding your hand?” 
I giggled and Jason lightly squeezed my hand. “Because it’s reassuring,” I admitted with a shrug, “And he’s not exactly my brother… you know that.”
“I made us reservations,” Alex announced when we all caught up to him, “We’ve got about thirty minutes to get across town.”
That, apparently, wasn’t very long, because I was suddenly being dragged, running, through the mall and back to the car. Alex and Jack had parked on the other side, so we parted ways in the middle.
“What do you know about Alex?” I asked once we were in the car started out of the parking lot, the way the car jerked, Austin obviously didn’t like my question.
“I don’t know much of anything about Alex. I know a little about his sister, Amy, and a little about their family. They’re pretty rich, like the Claybornes, so I guess Alex and Jack grew up together. All the really rich families live over on Romulus Trail….”
“Where’s Remus Road?” I giggled, but my giggles were silenced by the look Austin shot me.
“It’s Remus Way… and it’s over near Romulus Trail,” he answered, shaking his head, “There are some weird road names around here… I won’t lie. There are some weird people around here… I won’t lie about that either… but I like it here. I think you two will like it, too.”
As we drove, I watched the trees again, noticing that only here and there were there any breaks in the vast tree line, and only breaks big enough for some building with a parking lot.
“There’s an awful lot of forest around here,” I remarked thoughtfully, my heart skipping when I spotted something moving through the trees, racing fast enough to keep up with our speeding car, but before I could really see it, it darted away.
“Yeah… they say to stay out of the woods after dark… wild animals and everything, so be careful,” Austin recited distractedly, “Actually, they say not to travel alone after dark….” 
He wasn’t saying something, and I looked closely at him, inspecting his face. “What is it?” I finally queried, watching his lips briefly quirk into a faint smile.
“Dad’s big case… there have been a lot of people disappearing all over the state lately… even back at Mom’s… there were a lot of disappearances… so make sure you don’t go off by yourself after dark,” Austin muttered distantly, staring at the road.
He made a left onto Ainu Parkway, and I scrunched my eyes in confusion; something about all of the road names was bothering me, but I couldn’t figure out what. I didn’t have long to think about it, because we pulled into a very full parking lot outside of a beautiful old plantation-style house. Alex and Jack were standing on the front porch when we caught back up to them and a glance at the menu in the glass beside the door told me that this was way too expensive. Austin caught me gawking at the menu and laughed, grabbing hold of my wrist and pulling me after them. Despite the large crowds and the people waiting in the entryway, Alex led us to the podium and we were immediately led back to a secluded round table where I wound up in the middle, between Austin and Alex.
“What just happened?” I queried when we were sitting for a moment.
“Alex called and made reservations and we got seated,” Jack reasoned with a shrug, but I was staring at the crowded restaurant in disbelief.
“I used my family name to get us seated quicker,” Alex admitted simply, “It’s not something I do frequently.”
“It’s really not,” Jack added seriously, “He’s only done that a handful of times the entire time I’ve known him, and I’ve known him since we were toddlers.”
“Anna, you’d better order whatever you want,” Austin insisted and Alex and Jack both looked over at him and then me.
“Anna?” Alex reiterated curiously and I only nodded.
“Everybody calls me Anna.”
“But I like your full name, Arianna,” Alex continued and I shrugged.
“That’s fine, too,” I mumbled, glancing over at him, “Either is fine, really.”
I’d be lying if I said dinner wasn’t a bit awkward. I quickly got the distinct impression that Austin and Jason weren’t ridiculously fond of Alex and Jack, and after contemplating that a while, realized that Alex and Jack must like me. I hadn’t noticed, honestly, until that train of thought wound its way through my mind, then I started to notice the little flirtatious things. Jack would give me little playful looks, almost cautiously, but Alex kept turning the full power of those aqua eyes on me in an overly calm, serious way that sent a shiver down my spine more than once.
“How many people are going to be at the bonfire?” I wondered aloud out of the blue and Jack laughed.
“Pretty much all of the high schoolers, recently graduated and future underclassmen included,” he stated with a smirk, “You’re going to get to meet everyone, practically; everybody was really excited when I passed along word that the Grays would be coming after all.”
“That sounds like a lot of people,” I blurted, shocked, and a teensy bit worried.
“It is,” Alex stated at the same time as Jack said “Only about three-hundred.”
“Only about three-hundred?” I stared at him in absolute shock and he laughed and shrugged his shoulders, “I think I’ve lost interest in going.”
“It’s a really small school. Three-hundred students is nothing,” Jack continued his attempt at reasoning, but I was staring blankly at the table by then and didn’t really hear him anymore. 
I jolted in my seat when Austin’s hand grazed mine, startling me out of whatever thoughts had distracted me.
“What?” My voice came out sharper than I’d meant, and my gaze that shot to him wasn’t as friendly as I’d intended.
“Do you want dessert?” he gently queried and I sighed faintly.
“Austin…” I sighed, shaking my head, “No… thank you….”
He leaned right beside my ear before he whispered ever-so-faintly, “Arianna… do you want to go home?”
I barely shook my head, his breath sending a shiver down my spine that had my eyes wide as I resumed staring at the table.
He’s my brother, my brother! I repeated the words over and over in my head, like a mantra, because the shiver I felt sent warmth through me.
“What’s the name of the lake?” I asked out loud, trying to stop my wandering thoughts and distract myself.
“Lake Fenrir,” Alex stated and my eyes widened again. That name struck the same familiar chord as the street names.
“What is with all of the road names and the lake?” I muttered moreso to myself as I tried to figure it out; they were all so familiar and I knew there was something about them.
I didn’t notice it at the time, but Alex and Jack very quickly changed the subject, or curved it.
“We do a huge bonfire out at the lake every year; it’s kind of like a send-off for our graduated seniors and a welcome for the rising freshmen. My closest friends and I do several bonfires during the summer… if you like this one, you’re welcome to join us for the others,” Jack offered, but I was still trying to make sense of the names.
Alex contributed to the subject alteration for a while, but he was watching me closely while I picked at the remnants of vegetables on my plate and swirled my straw around in my iced tea, all the while letting my mind wander.
“I bet a bonfire at the lake would be really pretty on the night of a full moon,” I mumbled quietly, “I bet anything around here… out in the middle of nowhere… would be pretty on the night of a full moon… it would probably just be pretty after dark in general….”
“You have to be really careful outside after dark around here, Arianna,” Jack warned seriously, “There’s a lot of undeveloped land and a lot of wildlife living in it. It’s dangerous to be out alone after dark, and even sometimes the group thing isn’t enough.”
“I hear you,” I distractedly replied, still swirling my straw around my glass.
“If you want to go out after dark, I’d be glad to accompany you,” Alex offered, and my straw briefly stopped, “I’d be glad to take you out to the fields for stargazing; it’s the best place in the whole town.”
“Right now tonight, you’d take me?” I queried almost silently, finally looking over at him to find his steady aqua gaze on me.
“Arianna, I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Austin interrupted, but Alex didn’t look away and nodded.
“If you wish, Arianna; I would be happy to take you,” Alex answered sweetly, but my stomach clenched into a tight knot and I smiled faintly before resuming my distant stare at the table and swirling straw.
“I do appreciate it… but not tonight… sometime soon, perhaps…” I reasoned evasively. I don’t know Alex yet, and I’m certainly not feeling safe going off on my own just yet. I guess I could’ve asked Jason to go with us, but I somehow got the impression Alex meant it more as a date than anything else. The tension that had exponentially grown with my question started to dissipate again, furthering my belief that Alex had probably intended it as a date.
“Arianna,” Alex commented and I shifted only my eyes to him, “Is there any particular reason you don’t want to go tonight? It’s a lovely, clear evening tonight.”
“I just think it’s too soon after we’ve all moved…” I lied, my eyes darting over to Jason, “Unless Jay comes with us….”
“So you really just don’t want to be alone with me,” Alex decided and I felt the knot tightening, threatening to make me regret eating as much as I did.
“She’s just looking out for me,” Jason contributed and my eyes darted to him in surprise, “My mom and I really don’t get along and she’s staying at my dad’s tonight before catching a flight in the morning; it’s all complicated and stupid, but I don’t want to go straight home.”
I blinked in shock as I stared at Jason. He lied perfectly, beautifully, actually; if I didn’t know that he got along fine with Mom, or at least he did a month ago, then I would’ve believed him, and I’m his sister.
“I’d rather just take Arianna,” Alex reasoned softly, “So I suppose I’ll wait until another night.”
“Anna doesn’t date,” Austin growled beneath his breath but Alex only briefly looked over at him.
“Isn’t that Arianna’s choice?” Alex calmly countered while I bit hard on my lip as I felt Austin’s anger getting worse.
“Please stop…” I whispered barely audibly, “I swear… Why do boys always have to fight for the alpha position?” And then it hit me, all of the names, were related to wolves. My eyes were wide as I stared across the room, tallying the names up in my mind. Nearly all of them I knew, but a few I felt I would have to check on, but then the school name made more sense: London High School; Jack London High School, I figured; but why? Why was everything linked to wolves?
Things calmed back down, again, and we parted ways a short while later. 
“Stuff stays open really late around here,” Jason commented on the way back to the house, “It’s really cool… I mean… back where we were before, a restaurant like that would’ve closed at 8 or 9, but it’s 1am already, and they were still open.”
Weird, but very, very true. 
“It’s always been like that around here,” Austin admitted with a shrug, “I don’t really know why or anything, just that it has been. You should’ve said something when we were with Jack and Alex… maybe they would’ve known.”
But they wouldn’t have answered… They totally changed the subject earlier when I was talking about going out at night, and the alpha-male remark.
“Did you get all the details for the bonfire?” I asked, catching Austin’s momentary glance at me.
“I did… When we get home, can I talk to you?” 
I only nodded since he was looking at me again.
His “talk” was him worrying. Apparently, I’d still been acting weird; it’s not like I noticed, so I couldn’t really explain it to him, which only seemed to make him worry more. I didn’t see Mom at all that night, for which I was ridiculously thankful; I just didn’t have it in me to even try to play nice. I tried really hard to sleep in my room, in my bed, by myself, but around four, I went next door and knocked.
Okay, I know it’s wrong, but when Jason shuffled over and opened his door, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes with his hair all disheveled, I knew how he’d gotten to be such a playboy; the faint grin he shot me didn’t help much.
“Come on,” he whispered, reaching out and lightly taking my wrist to pull me inside before he closed his door back. “You know I only have the one bed here… my stuff’s not all unpacked… but it’s a queen….”
I climbed over to the far side of the mattress, the side that was still relatively neat and obviously not the tousled side he was sleeping on, and slipped under his blanket. With a soft laugh he climbed back into his side and took hold of my hand under the covers.
“You’re developing a bad habit, Anna,” he quietly teased and, facing each other like we were, I couldn’t help but look into his eyes.
“I’m sorry,” I murmured, gently squeezing his hand before he fell back asleep.




-Jason-
The girl I’ve watched grow into the most beautiful creature in the world isn’t actually my sister. What do I do with information like that? I’ve been working for years to convince myself to look elsewhere, because she was my sister, because that was weird and wrong, but now she’s not my sister. When I saw what Mark had done to her, I was so pissed I could have killed him! I mean, I really could have, and I wouldn’t have felt the least bit sorry about it. You do not hurt my Arianna. She seems to actually be starting to do better though. She’s eating at least, that drawn look to her is gone. I don’t see as much terror in her eyes every time a door closes…
 Every once in a while, I catch her looking at me as more than her little brother, she sees me as a guy. But then it’s like her defenses take over and she shuts it down. Don’t they call those “mixed signals” or something? I can’t stop thinking about her, all the time I’m always thinking about her. She keeps trying to get me to go off and hang out with my friends, or make new ones now that we’ve moved, but why would I want to spend my time with someone that isn’t her when she is everything? She is perfect! Nobody understands me like she does; nobody makes me feel the way she does… Part of her still sees her little brother when she looks at me, but I think she’s getting over that. I hope she’s getting over that… 
Something will change soon, I just know it.





Chapter 4

Wolves. They were everywhere. Running through the town, walking through the buildings like nothing more than well-behaved dogs. I stood in the middle of them and looked around in awe. One approached me, its eyes holding an intelligence no animal should have. I blinked, and they were all gone.
I only partly woke up in the morning, muttering, and snuggled deeper into my body pillow before my eyes sped open to find the speckled gray pattern of Jason’s t-shirt in front of my face. Crap… We were curled up in the middle of the bed and he was holding me close to him; it was the best I’d slept in a long time, but it was a really bad idea. When I tried to wiggle carefully out of his arms, they tightened around me.
“Don’t go,” he mumbled, softly kissing my forehead, “Please, don’t go….”
“Jay…” I whispered, but the door suddenly slammed and I jumped away from him as he groaned.
“Go away, Austin,” Jason hissed, reaching out to grab my hand at the same time that I spotted Austin standing in front of the closed door.
“This is not okay,” Austin stated coldly, “If Dad saw you he’d totally freak out! How could he trust you two to not do something if he catches you sleeping together in Jason’s bed?”
“Sleeping,” Jason grumbled the word, “Exactly what we were doing until we were so rudely awakened. There’s nothing wrong with sleeping in the same bed.”
“There would be nothing wrong with sleeping in the same bed if you were actually brother and sister, but you’re not and Jason, you don’t at all look at Arianna as your sister anymore. What you’re doing is completely inappropriate,” Austin continued his scolding while I scooted to the edge of the bed, but Jason’s fingers twined in mine tightened further.
“I don’t think of her as my sister, but if she’s having trouble sleeping, I’m not going to force her to sleep by herself,” Jason reasoned, staring up into my eyes, “Really, Austin… if it had been your door she knocked on, would you have turned her away?”
“But it wasn’t my door; and to avoid this, I insist we get all of our rooms unpacked and set up so that you have other places to sleep if she needs company again tonight. Of course, Mom’s gone already, so we can crash in the living room again.”
“After the bonfire,” I included and Austin sighed while he nodded, “You don’t seem to like them very much….”
Austin just rolled his eyes. “We have rooms to unpack.” He held the door open, staring pointedly at me until Jason sighed and let go of my hand and I rushed out into the hallway. “I’m making Dad aware of your feelings tonight… if you don’t take care of it yourself before then,” Austin added, staring at Jason as he rolled over on the bed to face his big brother with a glare in his eyes.
“It’s none of his business,” Jason growled, slowly sitting up, “I’m not going to do anything to Anna; there’s no reason to tell anyone.”
“You tell him, or I do,” Austin finalized, nearly slamming the door when he closed it and I quickly ducked into my room, having been peeking out the door while they were still arguing. Austin sighed before going back into his own room, but he left his door wide open as he started unpacking his things.
It was over an hour later before Jason walked into my room and sat down, cross-legged, beside me, staring at me with his blue-green eyes completely intent. When I glanced at him, I couldn’t help but realize his normally spiked hair was still hanging down shaggily into his eyes.
“Arianna,” he started and I flinched. It was weird for Austin to use my full name, but it was even weirder when Jason did it; it instantly made me worry about what extremely serious thing he was about to say, especially with the events of the morning. 
“Jay, I know you wouldn’t ever do anything, there’s no need to worry about it… just tell Dad to make Austin happy…” I commented, trying to circumvent whatever bad thing he was about to say while I resumed unpacking my things and staring into the box.
“Arianna… I want to go on a date with you,” he stated and I froze completely, dropping one of my favorite snow globes which, thankfully, he caught with his lightning quick reflexes. “I know I’m younger than you… but please, think about it at least.”
“You’re my brother,” I blurted almost silently, it was the only coherent thought I could latch onto.
“You know I’m really not…” he mumbled, sighing. “I won’t be upset if you say no… just don’t be upset when I ask again after a while… and I don’t want things to change. You can trust me, and you can rely on me; I will take care of you.”
“Jason, I…” I faltered, making the mistake of looking at those adorable blue-green eyes and the way they were watching me. “You’re my brother….”
He sighed and let his eyes close, taking a deep breath before beaming that bright smile at me. “All right, for now I’ll accept that,” he decided, his lips curling into a grin, “But this is definitely not the last you’ll hear from me. I saw the way you looked at me just then… and last night when I let you in my room….”
The memory of my very attractive-looking, disheveled adoptive brother made my heart skip. 
“You’re twelve,” I added seriously, not only to him, but to me, “You’re way too young, Jay. Even though you may act… and sometimes look… older than you are, doesn’t change the fact that you’re twelve and that would just be wrong.”
“Almost thirteen,” he defended with that grin still playing across his face, “It won’t seem like as big of a difference once school starts and we’re on campus together every day.” 
“Then we’ll be around people who know you’re my little brother,” I argued seriously, easily snitching the snow globe out of his hands and leaning up to put it on my bookcase. “Is Austin making breakfast or do I need to go fix something?”
“I’ll make breakfast,” Jason offered. He waited until I sat back down to lean up and kiss my cheek and then he darted out of my room and down the hallway. “What do you want to eat, Austin?” I heard him ask, but my wide-eyes were staring into the remaining items in my box as my hand fluttered up to my cheek.
“I can’t even think about this…” I murmured, resuming my unpacking until Austin knocked on my open door.
“What did he do?” he quietly asked when I looked over my shoulder at him, “He was too excited to have not done something.”
“Nothing,” I lied, sighing and turning back to my work, “What could he do that would compare to you stealing my first kiss?”
He had started into the room, but his feet scuffed to a stop at my words. “You’re saying I messed up… and I understand that…” he whispered, kneeling down beside me, “I’m sorry… for messing up… forgive me…?” I just kept staring into my box and heard him sigh. “Do you want to talk about this?”
“You’re my brother…” I murmured, “You’re both my brothers… you always have been, and you always will be, and it’s a little different with Jay, but….”
“You’ve only just found out you were adopted… maybe over time you’ll change your mind,” he cautiously suggested and I sighed, shaking my head. 
“I need space,” I mumbled and with a sigh he was gone, closing my door behind him. I did something then that I hadn’t done in a long time; I dug through the only box I hadn’t started on yet, and pulled out my journal.
May 19, 2008
There are some things I have to think out, and this is the best way to do it. On the one hand, I have just found out I’m adopted. This should be more of a shock to me than it is, and I suppose if I had grown up with the stereotypical home life with a mom and dad that were there all the time and involved in my life, it might affect me more. As is, I barely notice a difference. I never connected with Mom, now I can’t stand her; and Dad was never around. My problem that I’m having, the one thing that’s changed, is my adoptive brothers. We were inseparable when we were younger, Austin grew distant, but Jason and I were still attached until......... recently.......... But now they’re both… they both like me and more than as their sister… and… Jason… Jason breaks my heart, but he’s TWELVE. Austin is… Austin. He’s gorgeous, of course… he’s the perfect guy, but the distance that he put between us… But the thing is… if I looked at either of them in an honest, open, light and didn’t consider them my brothers, I would have to move away or something… and I can’t imagine being away from them… but with things the way they are right now, I can’t imagine being here with them every day. 
“I don’t know what to do,” I groaned, dropping my pen and journal on the floor as my hands slid up into my hair, nearly pulling it out from its roots, “And Jason really is about to be thirteen… four days… but I’ll be seventeen in two months… that’s four years… which, really… I know it’s not that much of an age difference… but….” I screamed, out loud, and bit my lip hard when I heard feet running up the stairs. “I’m fine!” I yelled, but they still pushed the door open and looked inside anyway and I rushed to scrub the tears out of my eyes. “I said I’m fine….”
“Yeah, tear-streaked faces… especially yours… really emit a sense of ‘fine,’” Austin uttered, running his hand over his head through his hair, “Arianna… forget what I said… I want you here, with us… forget what I’ve said and let things go back to normal….”
“You’ll go back to ignoring me, then?” I whispered and he laughed distantly, shaking his head as he looked up at me.
“Not that normal… Just back to brother and sister and nothing else,” he explained softly, “Just know… should you ever change your mind… all you have to do is tell me.”
I barely nodded and Jason sighed. “Me too… I don’t want you upset like this because of us, Anna,” he added and I glanced up at those distant blue-green eyes and felt my heart wrench in my chest and the tears sting my eyes again. “Anna….” He sounded as torn as I felt and I forced a smile and shook my head.
“I’ll be down to breakfast soon, it had better be good,” I managed, though my voice sounded ragged from my scream and Jason sighed again before running downstairs.
“Anna, do you need help with your boxes?” Austin offered, but the tone of his voice had changed and I glanced at him only to see something in his blue eyes that I didn’t truly recognize.
“I’m almost finished,” I answered, smiling again, “So why don’t you like Jack and Alex?”
“There’s a whole slew of things around here that are all connected that I don’t very much like,” Austin commented evasively, “But I’ve got no real idea how they’re actually connected… so if you ever figure it out… let me know….”
“They’re part of this group of things you don’t like?” I wondered, putting away the remaining things from my opened box.
“They are… deeply involved, actually…” Austin replied quietly, “I don’t trust them with you….” His voice was closer and I darted my gaze up to him as he knelt down beside me. “He’s four years younger than you, Anna… when he’s eighteen and you’re twenty-two, it won’t be as big of a deal… but right now… right now you’re extremely different… he’s so young… he’s immature….”
“I wish I could agree with you… but he’s not, Austin… and I know he’s younger… and I know you would be upset if I even considered it… but I’m not considering it,” I stated, tears welling up in my eyes again, “We need to go eat….”
Austin only nodded and helped me to my feet as we both went downstairs and into the kitchen where Jason had prepared omelets. I honestly hadn’t known he could cook anything at all, much less omelets. 
Breakfast, which when I glanced at the clock had really become brunch, was awkward and I could only hope things would settle back out to some kind of normalcy. 
We worked together through the afternoon to get our rooms set up and throw out the boxes. I didn’t realize until I was in the shower, that I wasn’t the one to put up my journal, but it had definitely been up on my desk when I’d last seen it.
“Crap, crap, crap,” I muttered while I was wrapping up in the towel, “Which one of them read it…? Either way is bad.”
I was really glad to realize that Dad had done renovations since I’d been to his house as a kid. He’d added another bathroom right next to my room, which Austin automatically deemed mine and that Austin and Jason would share the original guest bathroom. It was nice to have my own bathroom, for the first time in my life, and Dad had sparsely decorated it with a note that we’d go shopping and I could get whatever I wanted to for it. It was really a comfort that I hadn’t expected, but when I stepped into the hallway, wrapped in my towel, at the same time that Jason stepped out of their bathroom with his towel around his waist, we both froze.
“Y… your cheek’s doing better,” he stammered, but my face flushed red before I darted into my room and closed the door behind me.
“You were just staring at a twelve-year-old,” I scolded myself beneath my breath, leaning hard against my door, “My god he looks way older….”
I took several deep breaths before I went to my closet and pulled out a pair of dark wash jeans and one of my favorite burgundy silk halter tops. I slipped my feet into wedge sandals, not knowing what kind of ground we’d be out on next to a lake, and fixed my hair into soft curls and did a quick covering of light makeup.
So by the time Austin knocked on my door to announce that we were leaving, I was completely ready and stepped into the hall to find him in jeans and a button-up blue top and Jason just down the hallway in cargo shorts and a brown tank with a button-up deep teal shirt thrown on, unbuttoned, over it.
“You are not going dressed like that,” Austin blurted but I laughed and grabbed his arm.
“Are you going to drive, or do I have to get us lost along the way?” I asked, grabbing Jason’s arm when we passed him and pulling them both down to the garage.
“You’re seriously going to go dressed like that…?” Austin reiterated and I only answered by looking from his car to mine. He sighed and let us into his new sports car where I climbed into the backseat, much to Jason’s confusion. “Get in, Jay. Front seat,” Austin instructed and Jason climbed inside and buckled in before turning in the seat to face me.
“What are you doing?” he questioned and I shrugged, only briefly looking into those suspicious blue-green eyes. “Why won’t you look at me?”
“Leave her alone, Jay,” Austin insisted, glancing at me in the rearview mirror, “She’s got to sort through some things… leave her alone.”
And I realized then, that Jason definitely hadn’t seen my journal, if anyone had, it was Austin. I smiled up at him in the mirror and he faintly laughed, shaking his head.
He was racing through the streets and I gripped the seat until my knuckles turned white. “Austin, slow down,” I insisted, staring out the window and swearing I saw something running in the tree line again. 
“Quit looking out the window, it makes it seem like I’m going faster than I am,” Austin argued, but the trees stopped passing quite so quickly before I stared down at my hands in my lap. A howl reached my ears and had my gaze darting back out the window in shock.
“Did you hear that?” I gasped, it was so loud, even inside of the car going as fast as we were.
“Coyotes,” Austin dismissed, “It’s really not safe outside after dark. The cops are keeping under wraps just how many people have gone missing… but I know Dad… someone else disappeared yesterday… So any of these bonfires you want to go to, you make sure Dad knows about them.”
“Coyotes… yeah…” I mumbled, the car slowing drastically when we pulled off onto a dirt road. The sun had started setting before we’d left the house, and by the time I started to see flames flickering in the distance, it was completely dark and my nerves suddenly set on edge.
“Holy crap,” Jason muttered beneath his breath and my gaze darted out the front windshield to the crowds of people and lines of parked cars, but even more to the humongous bonfire that stretched up above the trees.
“Welcome to the bonfire, guys… Anna, stay where at least one of us can see you at all times… we still don’t know where Mark went… and I’m not risking your safety for some stupid party,” Austin instructed, following the people waving him over to park at the end of the line.
When we got out of the car and headed towards the crowd, there was a hush that followed us and worsened my nerves. A hush that seemed to grow worse until Jack jogged over with a smile covering his face.
“The Grays! So glad you found us,” Jack greeted cheerfully and the hush grew louder, “Come on, come meet everyone.”
“Everyone?” I whispered and Jack laughed, his smile softening when he looked at me.
“Everyone being my closest friends,” he reasoned with a faint chuckle, “You don’t like crowds, do you?”
“I’m not used to them,” I admitted with a shrug and his emerald eyes briefly darted to Austin, but he suddenly spun around and all I saw was a blur of shaggy blonde hair. 
My eyes scrunched in confusion, he’d acted like he’d been called, but there was too much noise and I hadn’t heard anyone. When I spotted Alex off in the distance walking toward us with the prettiest girl beside him and realized that it was Alex that Jack was looking at, my confusion grew worse. With how far away Alex still was, there was no way Jack could’ve heard him even if he’d yelled. My attention was pulled to the girl beside Alex; young woman, I decided, who twirled in circles randomly to the music that pulsed in the air. Her long, flowing light gray skirt swirling around her ankles revealed her bare feet, and her white top was ruffled and fell off the shoulders, like something straight out of the eighties. Her long deep black hair fell in soft waves past her shoulders as she laughed, but the split second when she met my gaze, I gasped; she had a slightly lighter shade of Alex’s strangely aqua eyes and had to be his sister. I let my gaze shift to Alex to find him staring at me with an amused smile on his face and my heart skipped. It was strange, the way everyone just seemed to clear out of their way, the way they moved with such confidence; all of it struck a chord of oddness in my mind. 
“Arianna,” Alex acknowledged, slightly bowing his head when he and his sister reached us, “This is my sister, Amy; Amy, this is Arianna, Jason, and Austin Gray.”
“Hi, Arianna,” Amy greeted with a bright smile and a sweet, melodic voice, “Alex, you didn’t do her justice. And Jason,” she smiled at him before turning to Austin, “I believe we’ve met before, Austin Gray.”
“We have,” Austin answered with a chuckle and I glanced at him to find the coy, flirty smile on his face that he so rarely used despite its power.
“That’s something you don’t see every day,” Jason remarked almost silently at my ear and I shook my head in shock.
“I was going to go introduce them to everyone,” Jack stated just before I darted my attention back over to find Alex right in front of me.
“I saw you watching my sister… and I saw when you realized she was my sister,” Alex commented, his deep aqua eyes staring intently at me as I sucked in a deep breath to try to calm my racing heart. “When you saw her eyes… is when you realized who she was; am I right?”
I felt my hand twitch, ready to reach back and grab Jason’s hand and had to curl it into a fist at my side.
I can’t rely on him, I can’t. I can’t keep relying on Jason; I’m giving him the wrong impression.
“Anna, are you okay?” Jason whispered at my ear, his fingers brushing against mine and I gave up and grabbed hold of his hand, feeling my heart instantly slow.
“I’m fine, Jay,” I whispered back, looking up to find Alex with his head tilted to the side, watching me curiously. “I’m sorry… you asked me a question….”
“It wasn’t that important,” Alex dismissed, glancing at Jack, “Is it only me that makes you nervous, Arianna?”
“I…it’s the crowd… I don’t… don’t do well with crowds,” I reasoned, and he curled a sly smile as he laughed.
“If you say so, Arianna,” Alex decided, “So you wouldn’t be interested in meeting the rest of mine and Jack’s friends?”
“Alex,” Jack sighed, shaking his head, “Quit giving her such a hard time….”
“What hard time?” Alex sarcastically chuckled, but he hadn’t looked away from me again and I squeezed Jason’s hand tighter, “May I speak with Jason, Arianna?”
“What’s up?” Jason asked, stepping directly up beside me.
“Alone,” Alex added and I bit the inside of my cheek when Jason squeezed my hand before letting go and followed Alex a little bit away.
“Don’t let him get to you,” Jack remarked, leaning against a tree, his right foot planted flat against the tree’s trunk beside his left knee and his hands tucked into the pockets of his designer jeans.
“What do you mean?” I questioned and he shifted those playful emerald eyes over to me, a grin on his face.
“He’s trying to figure out your buttons. He does that when he likes someone… especially when he has an instant connection with someone that he doesn’t really understand. He’s trying to figure out why he likes you,” Jack explained and I stared back at him in shock, “He’s right though… you get nervous around him… it’s not the crowd, Arianna. You didn’t grab Jason’s hand until Alex approached you.”
“Okay… so maybe he makes me more nervous…” I faintly admitted, my gaze falling to the dirt at my feet, “If I asked you something… would you answer me honestly?”
“I guess it would depend on the question,” Jack replied as I walked over to stand in front of him, inspecting his emerald eyes.
“What’s going on here… with you and Alex and Amy and the weird, wolf-related names everywhere…?” I asked it quietly, but felt an instant tension in the air and caught the split-second flash of fear in Jack’s eyes.
“What are you talking about?” Jack countered nonchalantly, and if I hadn’t seen his initial reaction and felt the tension around us, I would’ve completely believed him. “You said something about wolf-related names…? Like what?”
“Romulus and Remus, Fenrir, London High School, Ainu, Asena… I’m sure there are others… I’ve always had a bit of a fascination with folklore and mythology though…” I listed thoughtfully and again spotted that blink-of-an-eye first reaction of panic in his eyes.
“Well, we figure our ancestors were into mythology because we also have Ceres, Demeter, Flora, Pomona, and a bunch of other mythological names around,” he rationalized and I bit the inside of my cheek to keep from continuing the conversation as I shrugged my shoulders.
“I guess,” I dismissed. It was obvious I wasn’t going to get complete truths out of Jack, and it was also obvious that he wasn’t the only one who knew something. The tension did lessen, which I was thankful for; but all I could think was that sure, those were other mythological names, but they were all goddesses of plant-life, which there was also an abundance of around town.
“So what made you decide to move here?” Jack inquired and I had to fight to keep myself from jumping mid-air since I’d completely forgotten he was there while I was thinking about things.
“One thing just led to another and here I am,” I evasively responded. That time he didn’t try to hide the emotion that flashed across his eyes because he was amused by my answer. “Is there a… um… bathroom…?” I faltered across the words and his eyes widened as he pushed off of the tree.
“Yeah, sorry! I totally forgot this is your first time here… you just kinda fit in…” he trailed off before turning and pointing towards a building just a few yards away, “Right there; it’s unlocked and everything. One of the many perks of going through the right sources to have a bonfire, they leave the bathrooms open.”
“Thanks,” I faintly laughed, glancing to find Austin talking to Amy, well really, it looked like he was flirting with her and I felt just the slightest pang of jealousy, and Jason was with Alex. They were both within sight of the bathroom so I pushed my way through the crowd and over to it.
When I pushed the door open, I found a rather pretty girl with long blonde curls touching up her makeup in the mirror. Her golden eyes looked up at me in the reflection before she turned to face me with a smile.
“Arianna Gray, right?” she asked and I nodded.
“Anna’s fine… everyone called me Anna at my old school, and my family, too,” I stated and her brows pulled down in thought.
“Really? Alex said it was Arianna… I’d think he would’ve told us if you went by something else…” she considered and I shrugged.
“He said he liked my full name better,” I revealed which made her giggle and nod.
“I’ll tell everyone it’s Anna,” she decided, setting her makeup down and holding her hand out to me, “I’m Elisabeth Davies.” I shook her hand and felt a smile creeping onto my lips, “Lissa, or just Lis is fine, so’s Elisabeth.” One of the stalls opened and the girl that stepped over to the sink to wash her hands had straight fiery red hair to her shoulders and bright green eyes, “That’s Samantha Arnold, or Sam.”
“Hi, Anna,” she greeted with what I felt was not a genuine smile up at the mirror and I nodded.
“Hi,” I sheepishly replied.
“I imagine she didn’t just wander in here to talk to you, Lis,” Samantha hinted and Elisabeth dropped my hand suddenly, her face absolutely shocked.
“I’m so sorry,” she apologized, “We’ll see you back outside.”
“Yeah, sure,” I answered calmly, a smile back on my face before I ducked into one of the stalls and waited self-consciously until I heard them leave.
I nearly screamed when I walked out of the bathroom building and Alex appeared at my side. All that I really did was stumble a few steps which caused Alex to reach out and lightly grab my forearm to steady me.
“Let’s try this again… am I the only one that makes you nervous?” he queried with a glint in his deep aqua eyes as I bit the inside of my cheek again.
“You’re the only one, so far, that makes me more nervous than this crowd alone,” I whispered, my arm trembling until he let his hand fall back to his side.
“Was that so difficult?” he softly pressed and I shook my head, still chewing on the inside of my cheek, “Do you want to go meet my friends?”
“What did you talk to Jason about?” I evaded, heading back towards my brothers as Alex fell into step beside me. I realized only a second later that the struggle I had gone through to make my way through all of the people on the way to the bathroom wasn’t happening on the way back. Though nobody was really turning to pay us any attention, and no one stopped their conversations, they still moved out of the way as Alex and I passed them.
It’s Alex… he’s the leader… that’s why everyone moves out of his way… why he’s so sure of himself… why he stood up to Austin like he did.... But leader of what, exactly?
“I was asking him about you,” Alex stated and I darted my eyes to him, “You rely on Jason a lot, but he doesn’t mind. I like the littlest Gray’s way of thinking. I respect him.” My eyes widened in shock and he laughed softly. “What brought you here, Arianna?” 
“I don’t know what you mean…” I murmured, looking away to spot Jack leaning against the tree again with Jason talking to him, his young eyes keeping track of my every move.
“I mean Jason’s watching you like a bodyguard watches his charge; Austin was yesterday, but my sister has distracted him tonight,” Alex reasoned and I chanced a look over to find Austin shamelessly flirting with Amy then, but I also noticed he shot split-second glances in my direction more than once.
“They worry,” I evaded, but Alex lightly grabbed my arm and pulled me over towards the bonfire and away from my brothers.
“It’s more than that… you can trust me, Arianna,” Alex pressed, but I started chewing on the inside of my cheek again.
“I don’t know you, Alex…” I muttered, refusing to look at him even though I felt him staring at me, “And this place is weird… I don’t trust anything about it yet….”
“Weird how?” he questioned and I froze, despite his hold on my arm. The tone in his voice sent a chill running down my spine and made goosebumps on my arms.
“Nothing,” I lied, looking over my shoulder to find Jason following us and Jack behind him trying to slow him down.
“Are you really going to choose lying to me?” His tone was even worse and my nerves were shot.
“Nothing’s weird… Jack explained it perfectly logically,” I elucidated but I could swear Alex’s hand started to get really hot just before Jason slipped his hand into mine and leaned up next to my ear.
“Are you sure you’re okay? You seem really tense…” he worried and I clung to his hand tightly, “I think you’re safe with Alex, Anna….”
“What makes you think that?” I countered with a faint laugh, wanting to pull my arm out of Alex’s grip which had settled into a more than natural heat, but afraid to do such a thing. So instead, I found myself pulled past the bonfire and over to the bank of the lake with Jason trailing beside me.
“Alex seems like a nice guy,” Jason reasoned with a shrug.
Appearances can be deceiving… “I only feel safe with you and Austin, Jay,” I countered quietly and Jason lightly squeezed my hand but the heat on my arm intensified as Alex led me over to a bench swing and pulled me to sit down on it beside him and Jason squished into the tiny space on my other side.
“Jason, could I please speak to your sister alone? You don’t have to go very far,” Alex requested, but Jason’s blue-green eyes stared intently at me. “Arianna, please. I promise I’m not going to hurt you or anything stupid,” he turned his pleas on me but my eyes darted down to his hand on my arm which he seemed startled to discover there. He also seemed to realize that his hand was ridiculously hot, because it suddenly cooled before he pulled his hand into his own lap. “Please.”
“It’s okay, Jay,” I recited and Jason squeezed my hand again before he stood up and walked only a little ways down the bank where I could still easily see him. Immediately after he was gone, I scooted to the other side of the swing while Alex lightly took hold of my arm, and I darted my gaze back to him worriedly, but he was inspecting the faint red mark that his hand had left.
“I’m sorry…” he whispered, his eyes furrowed but I just stared at him.
“Then you admit… you did it…?” I murmured, his aqua eyes darting up to me were briefly startled, “I know you did it… I just don’t get how… it’s not… not humanly possible.”
“Openly express your thoughts to me and I will tell you what I can,” he bargained while Elisabeth walked over with two canned drinks and held them out to us.
“Since you haven’t introduced us to Anna yet, I figured she hadn’t made it to the drinks yet,” Elisabeth commented as I took the can to discover it was my favorite soda, looking up at her in shock. “I introduced myself to your brothers earlier. Jason told me that was your favorite.”
“Thank you, Lissa. I’ll bring her over in a few minutes,” Alex remarked and Elisabeth barely nodded her head before she disappeared again and Alex took his unopened can and pressed it against my arm. The cold was such a shock in comparison that I flinched, but the can was almost instantly not so cold.
“My thoughts… really?” I mumbled and he nodded, “The names… the road names and the lake name… they’re wolf-related, mythological… Jack said there were other mythological names… but the ones he told me… they were all goddesses of plant life, of which there is a strange abundance around here…” I was staring down at my soda while I spoke, despite the fact that Alex was watching me, “Twice… when we’ve been driving, I swear I’ve seen something running, keeping up with the car, just within the tree line… and Jack… when we got here tonight, reacting like he’d heard someone call him when he looked at you… but you were too far away… and you…” I paused, gripping the can tighter, “You are the leader… of something… And the whole, no going off alone after dark… and you and Jack changed the topic when I mentioned the full moon… and did it again when I said something about alpha males… but you offered to take me outside after dark… so if the danger at night is wild animals, like everyone says… how would I be safe with you…?” And I had a weird dream about wolves last night, roaming around like they were human. I decided not to tack that part onto the end and make myself sound completely insane, not that I didn’t sound crazy enough already.
The silence stretched on for so long that my nerves went completely haywire again, but he kept alternating between pressing the cool can and rubbing his hand across the red ring on my arm.
“You’re a very observant girl, aren’t you?” Alex finally questioned and I glanced over at him, “I am the leader… you are safe with me… As much as you won’t want to hear it… I’m not going to tell you much more than that.”
“Why…” I faltered, trying to think through my nerves which were on edge yet again from meeting his aqua gaze, “What is the leader’s interest in me?”
“You’re different,” he whispered, staring into my eyes, “I like how different you are from everyone else I’ve known my whole life….”
“I’m only different because you’ve known them your whole life.”
He chuckled and shook his head, “No… it’s more than that.” He sighed when he looked down at my arm again, “I am terribly sorry about that… you should’ve said something….”
“You wanted me to draw Jay’s attention to it? Because I got the distinct impression that whatever is going on around here is some big, huge, gigantic secret….”
“If he wasn’t constantly following you around… you wouldn’t have had to make him aware…” he grumbled, looking up at me again, “Won’t you tell me why you’re really here?”
“No, Alex… I won’t… I came here to escape the past… even if it was just yesterday, or the day before… the past is staying in the past,” I uttered and he quirked the corner of his lip up.
“If that were entirely true, you wouldn’t be worrying about mythological names and what Jack and I did at dinner last night,” Alex coyly added and I sighed, shaking my head, “You can be vague… did it involve another person? Did someone hurt you? I want to keep you safe, Arianna… If it was a person, which is what I’m leaning towards with how Jason is acting, then your brothers are worried that this person has followed you here. If I knew what to look out for, I’d keep the person away from you.”
It sounded tempting, honestly, because he had admitted he was the leader, of whatever, so I thought in the back of my mind that he really might be able to do something. But if I admitted it was a person, if I admitted it was who it was… it would be easy enough to draw the right conclusion on what had happened. 
“As tempting as that sounds… I have to say no.” My voice barely came out, I was shocked he had even heard me with… Why is it so quiet over here…? We’re close enough to the crowd and the music and the bonfire; it shouldn’t be so quiet over here. Is this something else Alex has done?
“I can protect you, Arianna, just let me,” he whispered gently, brushing the back of his fingers across my left cheek and I froze. 
“Don’t,” Jason hissed, jerking Alex’s hand away from my face before he spun to face me, “Anna, you’re okay.” He gently rested his palm flat against my right cheek and stared down at me until I looked up into his eyes. “You’re okay.”
I gasped when I felt heat on my arm and darted my eyes over to Alex to find his aqua eyes literally swirling with silver and absolutely furious. But a breath later and he looked normal again, his burning hand once more gone from my arm.
“I’m okay, Jay,” I insisted despite the slight tremble in my voice, “I’m okay. I’m sorry I worried you.”
“Jason Gray, will you tell me who you’re protecting your sister from?” Alex calmly asked and Jason stared down at me as I saw the thought running around in his head. My gray eyes widened with worry, upon later thought, probably the only thing that set his mind.
“I’m sorry, but our father doesn’t want anyone to know, and Anna really doesn’t want anyone to know…” Jason reasoned aloud, shaking his head, “Personally, I’m tempted to tell you… for whatever reason… I think you could probably help… but it’s not my choice to make.”
Alex sighed, “Come meet mine and Jack’s friends.” He stood up without touching me and I followed mainly out of curiosity with Jason beside me and discovered that Jack joined up with us before we reached a group of seven teenagers.
I already knew Elisabeth and Samantha. I was introduced to the other guys: Caiden who had dirty blonde hair just past his ears and deep brown eyes, Rayne who had pale blonde hair that looked almost white falling to his chin and bright hazel eyes, and Tobias who had dark brown hair down to his shoulders and honey brown eyes. Also were the other girls: Michaela who had straight medium brown hair down to her waist and sky blue eyes, and Sage who had her strawberry blonde hair cut into a bob and chestnut brown eyes. 
They were all really nice, and calming in an odd way; something I hadn’t expected from friends of Alex. They asked general questions, and gave answers to the same, like what Jason and I did with our free time and what sports and clubs we had been part of at our old school. When they found out Jason was only twelve, the girls looked shocked and the guys passed looks to each other.
“You play football or basketball?” Tobias asked and Jason shrugged.
“Not really. I played with my friends some, but never on any teams,” Jason answered shyly, “And Anna’s exaggerating because I’ll be thirteen on the 23rd.”
“Well, it’s past midnight, so you only have three more days,” Caiden remarked with a grin, “We should throw you a party. Would you let us?” Jason shrugged again.
“Sure, if you really want to; that would be cool,” he decided and I couldn’t help but smile.
Before I explain this next part, I really have to explain some background… I had always gotten feelings about things, particularly people close to me. It seemed to freak people out when I started to tell them things before they could let me know about it. Like the time we were all at school and Jason got really sick and I was packing up my things in my classroom when the principal came to pull me out of class. I remembered him looking at me with the strangest look when I walked up to the door with my backpack on and when we stepped into the hallway I just looked up at him.
“What is Jason sick with? Is he going to be okay?” I had asked.
The principal had just stared at me for a long time before leading me to the infirmary to wait with a very pale and sickly Jason while Dad raced over in his cruiser to pick us up. 
A lot of things like that had happened before I realized how much it bothered people, so I completely locked away the ability and forgot about it. That is, I forgot about it until the incident with Mark happened and I realized I had seen the warning signs and if I’d just been paying attention with that sense, I would’ve known his intentions before he’d ever had a chance to do anything. After that day, I’d started working on opening myself back up to my feelings, but hadn’t felt anything… Except, while at the bonfire, a sudden tremor ran down my spine and I had ten pairs of eyes on me which really freaked me out more than the tremor.
“Anna?” Jason’s entire demeanor had changed when he spun to face me and he leaned next to my ear, away from everyone. “What’s wrong?”
“Bad feeling,” I muttered beneath my breath and heard him suck in a deep breath.
“One of those bad feelings?” he queried and I only nodded, “Okay… do we need to leave?”
“I… don’t know,” I faltered, hating feeling like my skin was crawling, but that is essentially what happened whenever I got bad feelings like that.
“Okay… which is safer… staying here…” he paused, “Or going back to Dad’s house?” Another tremor and he moved enough to look into my eyes. “I’m getting Austin… do you feel safe staying with them?” There was only a twinge of negativity towards the group around me so I nodded and Jason darted off into the crowd. I watched after him for a long moment before looking back at the group, but Caiden, Rayne, Tobias, and Jack were all gone.
“Where… how…? Where did they go and how did they disappear so quickly?” I wondered wide-eyed.
“Shouldn’t we be asking you what just happened?” Samantha inquired in a snarky tone with a single lifted eyebrow as I bit the inside of my cheek. I didn’t have a chance to say anything else because Jason came rushing back over with Austin on his heels.
“Arianna, is Dad safe?” Austin instantly asked and I stared at him wide-eyed and he seemed to catch on before he asked, “Is it him?” I flinched and he looked over at Alex who was watching us with only mild curiosity on his face and his arms crossed over his chest.
“Care to explain?” Alex queried, but Austin only shook his head.
“Family secret. I need to go home… if I’m not back before this whole thing stops, would it be too much to ask for someone to get Anna and Jay home?” Austin requested and Alex lifted his eyebrows.
“If you’re rushing home because of this him because your father isn’t safe which you gathered all of from Arianna’s bad feeling… how is it wise to take Arianna and Jason there, especially if you don’t get back before this is over?” Alex reasoned and Austin hesitated. That hesitation was enough for Alex. “Perhaps you should inform the police? We do have two officers here tonight.”
“Oh,” I gasped in shock and had all eyes on me again, but I looked at Austin, “Dad’s fine… I don’t know what just happened… but… Dad’s fine… Do what Alex said… tell the officers that are here….”
Austin only nodded and disappeared off into the crowd with Amy leading him over to the officers and I distantly wondered how he would explain things to them.
 The faintest whoosh noise had me spinning back around to see that Jack, Caiden, Rayne, and Tobias were back and I scrunched my eyes in confusion at them. 
“Where did you go?” I asked, looking each one in the eye for a long moment, but Rayne refused to more than flicker his suddenly dark hazel eyes at me. I stared at him longer, partly because he wouldn’t hold my gaze, and partly because when he did glance at me, my heart skipped.
No one even bothered to answer me. I guessed they chose not to bother with the pretense since Jason wasn’t paying attention, he was watching Austin. So I took that time to further investigate Rayne, since he seemed to play such havoc on my nerves and he’d hardly spoken a word the whole night. He was tall, probably as tall as Austin, if not maybe an inch or so taller. I realized with a start that I was thinking how comforting his lean, muscular arms looked. I also realized I was picturing him in a tighter fit shirt that better showed off muscles I couldn’t really see, but his jeans fit him perfectly, in my opinion; they weren’t too tight and weren’t falling off of him either. 
I like Rayne. It was a simple thought, but my eyes widened briefly. I don’t even know the guy! How can I be developing a crush on a guy I don’t know?? No, that’s not right… How can I have a crush on a guy I don’t even know?! 
He finally let his hazel eyes meet mine for more than a second, but the worry that was plainly visible in them and aimed at me made me finally look away as my face shaded pink. I glanced one more time at the other three that had disappeared and even though they weren’t looking at me anymore, they all still had the same worry in their eyes. The knot that formed in my stomach worsened when I realized Alex had it, too.
They know something… somehow… I don’t know how… but they know something.
“They’ve got a team that’s going to swing by the house and check on things,” Austin reported as he and Amy returned to the group. I regarded the fact that they seemed attached at the hip so quickly with curious fascination.
“How did you get them to do that?” I had to ask, I was far too curious about it.
“I told them I thought I’d seen… a car… earlier, on our way here, and it was just really bothering me…” he answered vaguely, due to our surrounding company, but the knot in my stomach was definitely telling me that the surrounding company knew what he was talking about. Somehow.
Jack steadily met my gaze for a long moment, before breaking the strange silence. “I’m hungry; are you guys hungry?”
A strangled giggle escaped my lips and he quirked up the corner of his smile into an adorable grin. “Yes,” I answered and even though the worry didn’t disappear, his eyes finally smiled again too.
“Let’s eat then,” Caiden added, grabbing Michaela’s hand and tugging her off towards a table in the distance. Tobias headed off after them with an arm through each of Elisabeth’s and Samantha’s arms as they walked on either side of him. Amy dragged Austin away after he made sure I was okay and Sage headed off alone leaving me with Jason, Alex, Jack, and Rayne.
“Well, come on,” Jack goaded and I glanced over at Jason before lightly pushing his arm.
“Go ahead. I want to talk to Alex for a minute,” I reasoned and Jason smiled before following after Jack, leaving Rayne hesitating where he had been.
“Go, Rayne,” Alex ordered and Rayne still hesitated but shot me a half-hearted smile before shoving his hands in his jeans’ pockets and walking away. “What is it, Arianna?”
“You’ve stopped trying to find out what happened…” I started softly, staring down at the ground until his feet broke into my line of sight and I looked up at him, catching my breath in my throat as I choked back the tears that stung my eyes. “Just please… tell me how you know…? I can tell you know… I can see it in your eyes and… the other guys too… so how did you find out?”
He stared at me for a long moment before shifting his eyes over my shoulder.
“Detective Gaines, is everything all right?” Alex queried and sure enough, Detective Gaines stepped up beside me, looking from me to Alex and back to me.
“I need to speak with Miss Gray alone, please,” she replied and Alex barely nodded his head.
“I’ll wait for you by the buffet table, Arianna,” Alex concluded and headed off after the others.
“I have good news,” she began as soon as he was gone and I darted my eyes up to her, “Your father, is absolutely fine. Mark Owens is in custody, though right now he’s at the hospital. He’s stable, but in ICU.”
“Wh… why?” I stammered, unable to stop the well of hope that started in my chest.
“We had a nearby team swing by your house, and they found his car about two blocks away. When they set out on foot, they heard moaning and found Mark off the side of the road in the woods between his car and your house. Some animal had attacked him, or maybe a group of animals…” she trailed off in thought for a moment before shrugging, “That’s why we tell people not to go outside after dark alone. He was in pretty bad shape, but it’s rather obvious where he was headed and we’ll just be thankful he was stupid enough to wander past the woods alone at night.”
“He’s really… you really caught him…?” I faltered and she finally smiled, a smile that lit up her whole face.
“He’s really in custody, there are two officers guarding his room at the hospital at all times until we transfer him to the jail. We’d just gotten the warrant from the judge to arrest him, because the tests from the sheets came back with positive matches. We’ve got more than enough to put him behind bars, Miss Gray.”
She reached out and caught my arm just in time because I almost fell over I felt so relieved. I didn’t realize what a toll it was taking on me that he was still free and that he could’ve followed me until that moment. 
“Anna,” Jason was back at my side suddenly, and took my arm away from her, “Anna, are you okay?”
“Detective Gaines, this is Jason Gray,” I introduced faintly as she let her arm fall back to her side and smiled softly.
“Hello, Jason Gray,” she greeted before relaying her news to him. By the time she had finished, Jason had grabbed me into a tight hug.
“Thank you, Detective,” Jason remembered to say before she smiled and walked off and he hugged me tighter. “You’re safe now, Anna.”
“Now you can go get a girlfriend and stop worrying about me so much,” I insisted, feeling his arms flinch, “If Austin can… you can….”
“I think I love you a lot more than he ever dreamed of loving you,” Jason whispered beside my ear, “Because I couldn’t ever imagine being away from you… even if it was supposedly better for us… even if you really were my sister.”
“Jay, you’re too…”
“Young,” he sighed, stepping back from me, “I know… I know you think that… but I’m not, Anna… Come eat something… you have to be hungry.”
I only nodded and followed him over to the crowd of people scattered around the buffet. After getting a plate full of food, with Jason constantly beside me, Alex met my gaze and looked down at the empty seat beside him on the picnic bench. I faltered; he had completely avoided actually answering my question earlier, but that could have been because of Detective Gaines. Somehow, I doubted that was his reason, but as I stood there considering my options, Rayne sat across the table from the empty seat and I found myself headed towards it. I bit the inside of my cheek when I realized what I had just done as I sat on the empty seat and Jason pulled a chair up to the end of the table.
“I can’t answer your question,” Alex calmly told me a moment later and I glanced at him out of the corner of my eye, “But I am inclined to inquire as to your staring at Rayne… and the reasoning behind it?”
“I can’t… answer your question,” I retorted bashfully and even though he looked rather amused, there was a hint of anger in his eyes.
“You’re a smart girl, Arianna… you’ve already proven that to me… you’re tough… that’s true, too… but liking Rayne, isn’t smart,” he quietly stated, staring into my eyes, “Besides it not being smart, I won’t allow it.”
“Won’t allow…? How can you control my decisions…?”
“I don’t control your decisions, Arianna.”
“You control Rayne’s…” I realized feeling Rayne’s eyes on me, “I really wish I knew what was going on around here….”
“Be careful what you wish for, Arianna,” Alex whispered next to my ear, but nothing could bring down my good mood, not even the nagging in the back of my mind about how they knew what had happened.
We made our way home around three a.m. and found Dad sleeping on the couch with the t.v. on. It was pretty obvious he’d been waiting up but just couldn’t stay awake that long. When we closed the door though, he jolted up and looked back at us.
“I take it word reached you,” he commented in his groggy voice and I nodded, “I’m going to bed. I’m glad things are settling down now. I’ll talk to you guys in the morning.” He groaned as he pushed himself off of the sofa and hugged each of us before he went upstairs to his room.
“Are you okay to sleep in your room alone now?” Austin asked and I started to nod, but ended up shaking my head. “We’ll all crash down here, then; right, Jay?” 
“Sounds good to me,” Jason decided, sprinting up the stairs two at a time.
“So… Amy Moore, huh?” I pressed while Austin and I started upstairs to change and grab pillows and blankets.
“She’s different,” he replied with a faint smile on his lips.
“What does that mean really?” 
“I like her,” he chuckled softly, “I do like her, but she isn’t you… I’m trying to give you your space, since you see me as a brother… If I don’t get my attention elsewhere, I’ll end up doing something that I’d regret.”
“Oh… well… she seems nice enough,” I reasoned quietly, “She’s pretty.”
“So… you and Alex?”
I giggled and rolled my eyes. “He thinks I’m different,” I laughed, glancing at Austin, “So, if your guy speak is universal, I guess he likes me.”
“And you…?”
“I don’t know… I barely know him.”
“That didn’t stop you from staring at Rayne Hathaway,” Jason commented from his doorway in his pajama pants while he pulled a tank top over his head. The second I realized I was staring at him, I darted my eyes to the floor.
“Rayne? Really, Anna? He actually seemed pretty nice the little I got to talk to him,” Austin included and I shrugged, “He seems different from the rest of that group… Anyway, I’ll see you back downstairs in a few.” He slipped into his room while Jason walked over to my door with me and leaned against the doorframe.
“You may not like Alex, but Alex likes you, a lot. And the attention he was giving you, did not go unnoticed. I know you were a little preoccupied, but there were almost three-hundred other people there that noticed us… A lot of them wanted to come say something… A lot of the girls got pissy because Alex was paying you so much attention… You know why no one came up to us?” Jason queried, and I turned back to face him after piling my pillow and blanket up on my bed, “You got sucked into the group that runs the high school, Anna. They’re the ‘in crowd’ that everyone’s just dying to be part of and hoping one of them will notice them.”
“Sucked in is an accurate statement… I’m not surprised though…” I whispered, “I’ll see you downstairs Jay… I have to get changed.” He took a step away from the door and I closed it before changing into a pair of shorts and a tank top. When I’d gathered up my stuff and started out the door, I jumped to find Jason there, taking my pillow and blanket from me and heading back down to the living room before I could argue with him.










Chapter 5

I kept having that dream with the wolves wandering around, but every once in a while, it would shift and I’d be standing in the woods with them walking around me. Only once, while we were walking in the woods, several of them ran off and I heard a bloodcurdling scream that sounded gravelly and not really human; still, I ran off towards the sound. I hate to admit what I saw then, but… they had attacked a troll doll, well, a slightly larger than human-sized troll doll that appeared to be alive and was bleeding black goo.
Needless to say, I was starting to feel a little crazy, especially with how often I kept seeing the animals running in the tree lines, because they were always there no matter where I was traveling or who I was with. 
Everywhere we went over the next three days, we saw Alex. It didn’t matter if I was with Austin, with Jason, or with both of them; it also didn’t matter where we went, Alex was always there. The only thing that changed was who was with him. 
It was Jason’s birthday when Dad pulled me aside in the kitchen and I heard Austin and Jason playing a video game in the living room.
“Good news, bad news… which first?” Dad asked like he always did when he knew he had to say something we didn’t want to hear.
“Bad,” I replied like I always had. I’d rather hear the bad first and then get the good. He sighed before he took a deep breath.
“The trial is going to have to be public…” he revealed and my heart thudded painfully in my chest, “I’ve done everything I can, called in every favor I could… but it’s too big.”
“Why does it have to go to trial?” my voice came out in a whispered breath as I held back tears.
“Well, that’s the good news,” Dad continued and I looked at him through blurred eyes, “He might not wake up… but if he does, the D.A. is willing to offer him a plea bargain to keep it out of court. Five years, no probation.”
“Five years…?” I whispered even quieter and he smiled distantly as he nodded.
“Ten years is the maximum sentence in this state, and there’s only one person that’s ever been sentenced to the full ten years. It’s a good deal, I promise you,” Dad swore, reaching his hand toward me before he pulled it back. He was afraid to touch me, afraid I’d break? I wrapped my arms around him and he held me tightly. “I’m so sorry you’re having to go through this,” he sighed across my ear, “Is there anything I can do to help?”
I shook my head, letting my tears collect on his shirt. Dad was Dad, whether I was adopted or not; this was the man that had raised me, that had been involved in my life, even if he was frequently absent.
“Don’t tell them,” I murmured into his shirt before I stepped away from him and rubbed my arm over my eyes, “Please don’t tell them.” 
“Hadn’t planned on it,” Dad assured as I sniffled and wiped at my eyes, “Are you all right?”
“Yeah… I’m just… going to go outside for a little while,” I told him and he smiled as he stepped out of my way so I could walk out the door into the backyard. 
Our backyard wasn’t huge, and it was lined by trees like every other part of this weird town. Despite the trees, the sun rained down warmth on the soft grass and my bare feet loved every second of it. 
I walked out to the middle of the yard, and fell onto the grass on my back, staring up at the blue sky. Summer was not my favorite time of year, it got too hot and bright outside for me, but it was still early, and we lived further north now, and it felt like spring. 
I felt someone watching me, again, and propped myself up on my elbows, looking at the house, but no one was at any of the windows or doors. I turned slowly toward the woods and felt like I was staring whoever was watching me down, but I couldn’t see anyone. It wasn’t the first time this had happened in the past three days, and still, I realized I should be scared—someone was watching me but I couldn’t see them, but I never could conjure up the emotion… for some odd reason, I always felt safer.
Still, I stood up, dusted the grass off of me, and walked to the back door, pausing only long enough to glance at the woods again before I slipped inside. Dad was gone back to work, but I still heard Austin and Jason in the living room playing video games.
I took another minute to compose myself. My hands were still shaking as I clenched and unclenched them from fists repeatedly at my sides until they stopped. When I was certain I appeared okay, I went into the living room and joined in on the games until it was time to leave.
True to their word, they threw a huge party for Jason’s birthday, but unlike the bonfire, this one was out in a field with lights somehow strung up in the trees marking the path from the main road, around the edge of the field, and around the old barn that they’d turned into a dance floor and huge buffet. 
I spent most of the evening outside on a small bench I’d found, staring up at the stars and thinking, or trying not to think, really. The seat beside me remained mostly occupied by Alex, despite the fact that I hardly spoke until he started asking random questions.
“What is your favorite color?”
“Purple, or blue… why?” I retorted and he shrugged.
“Trying to get to know you better. Favorite animal?”
“I don’t know, really… I like wild cats… and wolves… beautiful, but dangerous creatures that have to be viewed from afar.”
He chuckled, “Interesting choices. Favorite sport?”
“Oh… archery,” I mumbled softly.
“Very interesting choice. Favorite season?”
“Spring.”
“Not summer?”
“Too hot… I like spring best….”
“Favorite food?”
“Um… spaghetti.”
“What I have to do to get you to go on a date with me?”
I darted my eyes to him to find him smiling softly. “Alex… I…” I faltered, turning him down didn’t seem like the wisest idea, thankfully I thought of another alternative, “You have to tell me in detail what exactly is going on here… no tricks, either… you know what I’m talking about.”
He laughed a real laugh and it was one of the sweetest sounds I’d ever heard. “You are impossible, Arianna. If those words had come from Rayne, you would not have given him such an unachievable task.” His laugh trailed off into a sigh, “What do I have to do…? What have I done to make you dislike me?”
“I don’t dislike you… I don’t trust the things going on around here…” I murmured, staring down at my lap.
“But if Rayne had asked you out… would you have given him the same answer?” He continued, but I shrugged my shoulders, staring out at the tree line. My eyes widened briefly, I saw it again, the thing running through the trees, but as I watched, it stopped across from me. I caught a glance of nearly white fur before it was gone. When I jumped off of the bench to run after it, Alex merely grabbed my wrist and though it stretched his arm out, and mine as well, he managed to stop me in my tracks. 
“Don’t, Arianna,” his voice was calm and firm and left no room for question, but I jerked my arm free and spun to face him.
“This is why I won’t trust anyone here,” I hissed, lifting my hand to point towards the woods. “There was something out there; something that moves faster than any animal that should be living around here… And you knew it was there and stopped me from going to see what it was.” He stared silently up into my eyes, his aqua eyes nearly entrancing me, but I refused to let him get to me. “Tell me, or leave me alone.”
“If those are my only two options… then I bid you adieu. But you will not be allowed out into the forest, whether I’m here or not,” he finalized. His hand slid into mine and he kissed my fingertips as he stood up before he turned and walked back into the barn.
I stared after him for a long moment before looking back out at the tree line. I couldn’t help it, my curiosity was definitely getting the best of me. I only waited a few minutes before walking towards the forest. 
“Hey, Anna,” Jack greeted and I jumped mid-air as he burst out laughing. I hadn’t even made it halfway across the field before he’d seemed to materialize beside me. “I’m sorry,” he chuckled, “I didn’t mean to scare you. What are you doing out here all by yourself anyway?”
I sighed and turned towards the cars that were parked in front of the barn. “I’m going home,” I grumbled, but he reached out and grabbed my wrist lightly.
“Wait a second! Why are you leaving? It’s your brother’s birthday party,” he worriedly questioned and he was right, it was Jason’s birthday party. That was about the only thing that made me hesitate. But Austin and I had driven separately on purpose.
“Because I want to. You all keep secrets from me, I don’t see why I have to tell you why I want to leave,” I countered coldly, jerking my arm out of his hand and continuing off towards the cars. 
“Anna, please!” Jack pleaded, his voice on the edge of panic as I glanced back at him, “Please, it’s your brother’s birthday party. He would be so upset if you left early!” 
He was right, it would absolutely devastate Jason when he found out I had left. Part of me thought it would serve them right, having to explain to my brother why I had left, but the rational part of me knew they wouldn’t tell him the truth. 
“Leave me alone,” I growled, spinning around and heading toward the barn. 
“Arianna,” a voice beckoned from the shadows of the barn and I froze, one hand darting up to my neck. “Please don’t be angry.”
There’s no way… Alex hasn’t let me see him at all… Definitely not alone.
Rayne walked out of the shadows and my breath caught in my throat as I looked at his hazel eyes, barely covered by that white blonde hair of his. 
“Won’t you come inside with me?” he asked, holding his hand out to me. I saw his eyes flicker as I took his hand and he gently squeezed my hand as he led me into the barn. Everyone was clustered around the table in the back where Jason’s gifts had been piled. I swear, he’d never had such an extravagant party in all of his thirteen years. Despite the crowd, I found his eyes and he grinned back at me. Things had been a lot better around the house since Mark had been found, but I still couldn’t really get Jason to go off on his own and make friends. Just like then, he looked at me and the spot next to him, but I looked at the sea of people like a sea, un-crossable. I was also extremely aware of the fact that Rayne had laced his fingers through mine and that the people from his group were staring at us. 
“Come on,” Rayne quietly beckoned, pulling me closer to him as he maneuvered us through the crowd and up to the front. When Jason realized that Rayne was with me, his blue-green eyes darkened. 
“Are you having fun, Jay?” I questioned, releasing Rayne’s hand and hugging Jason which made him smile again.
“Yeah! This is the coolest party!” he exclaimed and hugged me back, lowering his voice to a whisper, “What are you doing with him?”
“He was just bringing me inside to watch you open presents,” I fibbed, but the look Jason gave me when he pulled away made it obvious that he didn’t really believe me.
“Alex doesn’t like you being around him,” he countered and I laughed softly.
“Alex doesn’t control me, Jay… and Alex knows he’s with me,” I stated with certainty, despite the fact that I hadn’t seen Alex again, I knew he knew.
“Of course he doesn’t control you,” Jason balked, wide-eyed, “I didn’t mean that… I don’t want you going out with somebody….”
“Oh… he won’t allow that,” I muttered and shrugged my shoulders, “Don’t worry about that part.”
“But you said…”
“He doesn’t control me. Now open your presents,” I insisted and he smiled faintly before turning back to the stack of gifts while I took a step backwards, out of the way.
Rayne’s hand slid back into mine. I knew it was his without looking which startled me even more than the fact that he was holding my hand in the middle of all these people. But he was standing behind me enough that no one could actually see his hand in mine. I glanced back at him out of the corner of my eye and gasped almost silently. White-blonde hair that looks a lot like that white-blonde furred animal… he appeared out of nowhere when I haven’t seen him since the bonfire… and Jack has completely disappeared. What is going on?
Rayne’s hazel eyes searched my face and scrunched in concern as I saw them flicker again. “Look how much fun Jason’s having,” he remarked and I did look back at Jason to find him opening another present in the giant pile while Austin removed the trash from the area and Amy kept a list of who had given him which presents. Jason really was having a lot of fun, and I laughed softly, feeling Rayne’s hand briefly tighten on mine. 
When the presents were all open, the food nearly gone, and all the guests started to leave, I watched Alex speaking to Caiden and Tobias who ended up getting my car keys from me and loading all of Jason’s presents into my car. Alex didn’t speak to me, he didn’t even really look at me, he just nodded his head once toward Rayne before Rayne escorted my brothers and me out of the barn.
They assured us they would take care of cleaning everything up, and after a brief argument with Jason over how there wasn’t any room for him in my car, he climbed in with Austin, and we all headed toward the house. 
I saw the animal in the tree line keeping pace with my car again. It was pale blonde and almost glowed in the moonlight, but just as quickly as I saw it, it disappeared. I pulled off on the side of the road, picking up my cell phone with shaking hands and dialing the one local number I had besides Dad’s. My eyes darted up towards the tree line when I heard a ringtone blaring into the night air, but just as soon as it started, it was silent, and I realized the call I had made was going to voicemail too soon.
“Hey Jack,” I recited into the phone, trying to stop the quaver of my voice, “It’s Anna… I was just calling to apologize for earlier… I shouldn’t have taken my frustration out on you, you didn’t do anything wrong… Anyway… I’m really sorry. I hope you didn’t disappear because of me. I’ll talk to you later.” I hung up the call and put my phone back in my cup holder, staring out the window for a long minute before I finally started for home again.
I pulled into the garage and Jason ran back out of the house, his blue-green eyes just the tiniest bit worried until he spotted me.
“Couldn’t wait for your presents?” I laughed, but he ran over and hugged me tightly when I was out of my car, “I’m fine, Jay. Why are you so worried?”
“I don’t know,” he whispered, and my eyes did briefly close as I reveled in the familiar comfort of his embrace, but then I remembered what a bad idea that was, that I had to stop encouraging him, and quickly backed away.
“Help me get your things inside,” I directed and we unloaded all of the presents up to his room.
Over the next few days, I made a habit of carrying a lounge chair into the back yard, and setting it up in the grass facing the trees. I sat down, and tried to read a book, but I kept looking up at the tree line, expecting to see that animal again. 
Jack called me back the day after the party while I was sitting outside. He sounded really… happy? And assured me that he had run off to tend to a family emergency, but everything was okay, and asked if I had enjoyed the party. 
“Yeah… I really did. Seeing Rayne again was pretty cool. He seems nice… is there any chance you have his phone number?” I hesitantly asked, listening to the silence on the other end for a long minute.
“Yeah, sure. I’ll text it to you,” he finally stated, the happiness drained from his voice and I felt a knot of guilt in my stomach as I bit my lip and sat up in the chair, swinging my feet to the side as they landed in soft grass. “Anyway, I just wanted to call you back, let you know it wasn’t your fault, and you didn’t need to apologize.”
“Come over,” I blurted in a whisper, listening to a long stretch of silence again.
“…What…?” he whispered in shocked confusion.
“Come over,” I repeated and he laughed softly.
“I’ll be over in a minute,” he decided, saying goodbye before we both hung up. 
I looked up at the tree line when I heard the faintest growl, still not scared, but then my phone chimed and I looked down to find a text message from Jack with only a ten digit number. I clicked on the number, and chose the option of a text message.
Hi, Rayne. Hopefully this is the right number… This is Anna. I just wanted to say thanks for everything at the party last night.
I clicked send and held my breath. I had convinced myself I would hear a text message chime from the woods, or at least the vibrating of a phone, but I didn’t. I was just settling back into my chair when Jack walked around the side of the house and over to me.
“I came over,” he announced and I bolted upright in my seat again, looking at the house and then at him curiously. That brief panic was in his eyes again, like it had been the night of the bonfire. “Nobody answered the door, so I took a guess you were back here,” he chuckled, “If you hadn’t been, you probably would have thought I was a stalker or something walking around your house… maybe not my best idea ever.”
He was crouched on the ground beside me and I inspected his pale blonde hair and emerald eyes curiously while he watched me.
“How did you even know where I live?” I finally asked and he laughed again.
“I know where your dad lives because I’ve been over before,” he answered with a grin. He wasn’t lying so completely that I could call him out on it, and I stood up instead.
“I’ll go get you a chair,” I offered, but he only laughed and fell to sit cross-legged on the grass, “Or you can sit on the ground….”
“So Alex wanted me to ask you when your birthday is,” Jack remarked after I had sat back down on my lounge chair facing him.
“August 19th,” I answered with a lifted eyebrow as he frowned.
“That’s right after school starts! That sucks! Seriously… school starts Monday the 17th, so your birthday is on a Wednesday this year?” he reasoned while I looked at him in confusion and barely nodded, “That just isn’t right….”
“Why?” I pressed and he jerked his head back to face me and smiled.
“Alex wanted to throw you a birthday party at the house. But not only is that after school starts, but it’s a school night… so should we do the weekend before or the weekend after?” Jack continued while I watched him curiously.
“The house?” I wondered, watching that brief panic in his eyes again, “And probably the weekend before since we’ll have homework the weekend after.”
“Weekend before works,” he agreed, but I kept watching him and he laughed, “Our parents travel a lot on business, so we stay over at Alex’s house a lot and it just became the house, I guess.”
“His parents travel?” I wondered and Jack barely shook his head.
“They actually moved to Germany when Alex turned 18 and graduated,” Jack explained but I looked at him with even more confusion, “You didn’t know Alex had graduated… did you?”
“I had no idea,” I mumbled thoughtfully. So Alex was the same age as Austin? Weird…. “How old are you?”
“Seventeen,” Jack answered with a shrug, “But my birthday’s in July, so… I just graduated, too.”
School was starting to sound better and better. No Austin, no Alex … “How old is Rayne?” I suddenly questioned and Jack chewed on his lip for a second.
“Well… he’s eighteen, but... he’ll be a senior this year,” Jack hesitantly replied, “Speaking of, did you get my text?” I nodded and he smiled faintly. “He’ll be glad to hear from you; he thinks you’re cool.”
“Oh?” I managed, pulling out my phone and clicking the screen on long enough to see that I didn’t have any new messages, “I already sent him a text… just to say thanks for last night, but he hasn’t replied yet.”
“I think he was heading into some not-so-great-reception-territory today. I’m sure he’ll answer as soon as he can, don’t worry about it,” Jack assured, but his eyes were distant again and I bit on my lip.
“So… something really funny happened when I called you last night,” I started, watching his eyes flicker to me from the tree line, “I stopped on the side of the road… I don’t really like to mess with my phone while I’m driving… and when I called you, like right after I hit send, there was music out in the woods, and then it just stopped. It was so weird!” Oh that brief panic, he really needed to work on keeping that out of his eyes… But then he just lifted an eyebrow and laughed.
“That’s really strange… I wonder what it was,” he answered with a chuckle, “So why did you want me to come over?”
I just stared blankly at him. Why did I want him to come over? I just kind of blurted out the invitation… but why…? I guess I stared too long, because he laughed and I refocused my attention on him, startled.
“Do you want me to stay?” he questioned calmly and I chewed on my lip but barely nodded my head, “Then I’ll stay. What are you doing outside anyway?”
I lamely held up the book I was ‘reading’ and shrugged my shoulders while his eyes scanned the title The Winter Woods and he looked at me curiously.
“What is it about?” he wondered and I chewed on my lip more, suddenly embarrassed.
“It’s just supernatural stuff… werewolves, vampires, shapeshifters…” I murmured, watching the amusement in his eyes, “I know, I know… it’s stupid… I just think they’re cool stories….”
“Do you believe in that stuff?” he asked, restraining laughter as I sighed and stared down at the book in my lap and shrugged my shoulders.
“I don’t know… maybe…” I mumbled, only briefly looking up at him, “Why would it matter if I did or didn’t?”
“Just don’t come across that many people that believe in that kind of stuff is all,” Jack chuckled softly, “I’m not making fun of you, I promise. I think that stuff is probably all relatively true.” The smile he gave me relaxed every tension I had and I smiled faintly back at him.
“I thought I heard a growl in my trees earlier,” I laughed, watching the panic slide through his eyes.
“All the way over here? This close to a house? Maybe it was a hungry rabbit or something and you heard its stomach growling,” Jack reasoned with a laugh as he fell back to lie on the grass and stared up at the sky, “Or if you really think it was something dangerous, I can go check.” He moved enough so his emerald eyes were looking over at me and he was serious, so serious that my heart skipped.
“What sense does that make? If I thought it was dangerous, I wouldn’t want you to get hurt,” I uttered and his eyes sparkled as he laughed.
“Do you want me to check or not?” he pressed and I shook my head.
“It’s probably just a hungry little animal, like you said,” I decided, even though I didn’t fully believe it and he laughed again as he jumped to his feet and I looked at him wide-eyed. He had been lying on the ground, and in one move, was up on his feet. That flash of panic crossed his eyes before he shrugged his shoulders.
“I’m pretty athletic… I forget you haven’t been around much,” he remarked before he walked off toward the tree line, exactly where I had heard the growl earlier despite my not telling him that’s where it had come from.
“Hey, Jack…” I started and he called a ‘hmm?’ over his shoulder to me, “How did… I mean…” I sighed and he paused to look at me, “Every time I’ve seen any of you since that first day I met you… Alex has been there… so… I guess… I mean….”
“How did I get over here by myself without my chaperone?” Jack chuckled as he walked into the tree line and I tensed my shoulders, “You didn’t invite Alex… you invited me.”
“And he let you come over alone?” I wondered, watching him stop mostly out of view.
“Like I said, you didn’t invite him, you invited me. Alex isn’t going to be rude and show up uninvited at your home,” Jack announced, turning around and starting back towards me, “Nothing dangerous out here.”
He walked back towards me, all lean muscle, and his eyes settled on me as a smile slid onto his lips.
“So nothing dangerous you say?” I reiterated his words as I forced my attention to his eyes, “That’s good since you just went walking out into the woods unarmed.”
“Anna…” Jack began as he stopped in front of me, but he smiled and shook his head. I kept watching him as he crouched down right beside me on the ground, his eyes searching mine were curious. “Do you want to go see a movie?” he quietly asked and I heard the hesitation in his voice. 
“Like a date…?” I whispered barely audibly, not even entirely sure how he heard me as he smiled a tentative smile and barely nodded his head. My heart skipped and I glanced back at the house. My first date… that hadn’t been stolen from me yet. But if I tell Jason where I’m going and who I’m going with… “I…” I stammered, looking back at Jack, “I… it’s Jason…” I faltered, seeing the pain in his eyes, “I can only imagine what he’d do if I actually went out on a date….” That hurt in his eyes made my heart skip and I chewed on my lip, glancing at the house again, “We could go inside and watch something if you wanted….” Hurt was almost instantly replaced with hope, excitement, “I can’t promise Jason won’t join us inside though….”
“Okay,” Jack chuckled softly, standing up and holding his hand out to me. I took it and he gently pulled me to my feet, “I don’t have a problem with the littlest Gray.”
When we got inside, I let Jason know what was going on, and he instantly shut off his video game in his room and ran downstairs. I made us a big bowl of popcorn, despite Jack’s initial shock, we watched a scary movie, and I ended up seated between the two of them.
Does it count as a date when you’ve got a guy that clearly likes you sitting on one side of you and your little brother sitting on the other side?
I decided after a while that it wasn’t actually a ‘date’ because Jack didn’t try to hold my hand or anything, and he seemed a little startled when I laughed at the gory parts of the movie.
“Okay… I don’t get it?” he remarked after the movie ended, while Jason was putting stuff away and I walked Jack to the front door since he said he had to get home.
“It’s just so fake,” I laughed, biting my lip when I found him staring at me, “I mean… stuff like that doesn’t really happen, and even if it did, people aren’t actually that stupid, and even if they were, blood doesn’t look like that.” He was still staring at me and my gaze fell to the ground as I twisted the hem of my shirt through my fingers.
“So do you think I could take you on a real date any time soon?” Jack quietly asked and I looked at him out of the corner of my eye.
“J… Jack… you… you know I like Rayne…” I stuttered, seeing the hurt enter his eyes, “A… and I like you… too… but….”
“It’s okay, I’ll ask again later,” he decided with a distant laugh as his hand slid under my chin and he gently lifted my face back to him and softly kissed my cheek. “But you have to understand something, Anna,” he continued in a whisper beside my ear, “Alex won’t let you be with Rayne… he doesn’t have that same problem with me.”
“Wh… what?” I stammered but he smiled softly and shook his head.
“I’ll see you later. Is it okay to text you?” he queried and I barely nodded my head before he slipped out of the door and walked off down the driveway.
“What happened to Rayne?” Jason wondered when he walked up beside me and I flinched. “Now you like Jack?” 
I looked over at him and shrugged my shoulders. “Jack is a friend… that asked me out on a date… and I don’t know how I feel about that….”
“You can’t,” Jason insisted, lightly grabbing my arms and spinning me to face him as I looked at him wide-eyed, “You can’t date some other guy when you won’t even give me a chance.”
“Jason… you’re my brother…” I reiterated my argument, but something hardened in his eyes, “Jason… I’m serious… you’re my brother, and that’s how I’m always going to see you.”
“No,” he muttered, shaking his head, but he let go of my arms, “I’ll get you to change your mind….” His smile was distant as he walked back upstairs and I inhaled a shaky breath before I walked out into the backyard and sat back on my chair. I suddenly remembered I had put my phone on silent while we were watching the movie, and pulled it out of my pocket only to spot a text from Rayne as my heart skipped and a smile slipped onto my face.
Sorry my reply is so delayed. I didn’t have any service where I was today. Can I see you, Anna?
My heart was thudding so loudly that I could hardly hear the crickets beginning to chirp as night was falling.
Yes. When?
My thumb hesitated over ‘send’ for a second before I just clicked it and bit on my lip.
Now if you’ll let me. He replied almost instantly and I found myself nodding before I sent another text that just said ‘yes.’
A moment later he walked into view from the side of the house and my heart skipped as I looked up at him.
“Hi,” he chuckled while I stood up and fought to keep myself from running to him. Why do I like him so much when I don’t know anything about him?
“Where were you?” It came out as a whisper, but even seeing him couldn’t stop the confusion in my eyes and he knew it.
“Let it go,” he pleaded, “Please, let it go.” His hazel eyes flickered as he watched me, but my eyes scrunched in thought.
“Where did you come from last night? Where did Jack really go last night?” I pressed while he walked closer.
“I’m begging you to let it go,” he quietly reiterated, “He will never let you go if you don’t drop it….”
He. He means Alex… But…
“I can’t, Rayne,” I whispered as his hands slid down my arms and into my hands, “I can’t let it go… Not when I know something is going on….”
“Please, Arianna,” he begged, “You don’t understand what will happen if you don’t let it go… I don’t want that for you, so please.”
I bit my lip and stared down at the ground. I couldn’t make a promise I knew I wouldn’t keep, but I decided to let it go for the time being.
“Wait… how are you here? Alex doesn’t want you around me,” I suddenly blurted, looking up at him and finding mischief on his face.
“He probably doesn’t know I’m here then, does he?” Rayne chuckled, looking around the back yard, “But he knew Jack was here earlier….”
“And so do you… how?” I wondered, his eyes darting back to me as he barely shook his head, “Do you know how annoying all of this is?” He nodded his head the tiniest bit. “Why did you want to come over?”
“I wanted to see you…” he whispered softly, “I just… I like you, Anna… And I’m sorry for that… because Alex isn’t going to let anything happen between us….”
“Why does he control you?” I queried but he smiled a distant smile at me, “How are you here without him knowing? He seems to know everything about you guys….”
“There are always ways around surveillance. But I can only be off the radar for so long before he starts to wonder what’s going on…” he quietly added, “So I can’t stay for too very long….” His hazel eyes stared at me for a long moment before he smiled and nodded his head toward the house. “It’s starting to get dark, you should get inside.”
“Will I see you again?” I wondered and he chuckled and nodded, “Alone…?”
“I’ll let you know when I can manage it,” he assured, his eyes scanning across my face, “Go inside, Anna.” I only nodded and he followed me to the back door, waiting until I locked it before he walked out of view.

And like I said earlier, my days settled into a kind of routine… I took the chair out back, I ‘read’ my book, I texted Jack and Rayne, and eventually Lissa, Sage, Michaela, Tobias, and Caiden, and always felt those eyes on me in the trees. The funny part was that I would get up and walk toward the tree line every once in a while only to have my phone ring with someone calling to talk. It never failed that if I tried to go into the woods, my phone would ring, or someone would show up at the door (that happened in later weeks), but I never could get to the woods. Austin started working that week, and when he wasn’t working, he was hanging out with Amy. Jason, on the other hand, wouldn’t leave the house unless I was with him, and even when we were home, he tried to spend all of his time with me….
I explored the town a lot, with Jason of course, and started laughing when Alex still appeared everywhere I went. I even tested it once, which confused the heck out of Jason, by going to the mall, turning around and running to the grocery store, and then going back to the mall, and Alex was at each stop, but I spotted amusement mixed with annoyance in his eyes when I had gotten back to the mall and found him again.
Over the next two months there were five random bonfires that I had to beg Austin to go to, even though he clearly wanted to go spend time with Amy. At the bonfires, I was able to find some friends for Jason, and actually got him to hang out with them while we were there, at least, but I couldn’t get him to hang out with them outside of the bonfires.
It got to be July, and I had really honed down my ideas of what was going on to being directly involved with Alex’s group. Actually, there were others, less directly involved, and I found myself really curious about all of that, but of course no one would tell me anything. I could count the number of times I got to see Rayne alone on one hand, and every time, he was begging me not to ask questions. 
I think it all kind of fell apart at Jack’s birthday party in July. They used the same barn where we’d had Jason’s birthday party, but instead of the white lights in the trees, there were black lights everywhere that gave a strange glow to everything. There was an apparently local rock band set up inside the barn, and quite honestly, I probably spent more time watching them than I should have. The lead singer was absolutely gorgeous! He had shoulder length black hair that swept across his face concealing his right eye, but those eyes… I had never really found guys wearing makeup attractive, but he had on the slightest bit of eyeliner, that just made his icy blue eyes glimmer, and his voice! I was much more of a fan of classical music, and older music from like the 80’s and 90’s, but never really rock music.
When they took a break and a mix CD just started playing through the sound system, the lead singer jumped off of the front of the stage, hands tucked into the pockets of his gray skinny jeans. I was too busy trying to make out what his black band shirt actually said to realize he was walking over to me.
“It says ‘Amaranth,’” his melodic voice entered my ears as I darted my eyes up to find him standing right in front of me before he pulled a chair over, spun it around, and sat down in it backwards, “It’s one of my favorite bands.”
“Oh?” I replied curiously, finally able to make out the strangely shaped letters just before he crossed his arms over the back of the chair and rested his chin on his arms.
“You’re Anna Gray, aren’t you?” he queried and I barely nodded my head as a smile slipped onto his lips and I realized he had two piercings on either side of his bottom lip, “I’m surprised you’re sitting here all by yourself, Anna Gray.”
“So am I,” I admitted and he laughed, “You guys are really amazing….”
He quirked a grin at me before his gaze shifted behind me. “Hey birthday boy,” he chuckled, not bothering to move, but I turned in my chair to catch the brief anger in Jack’s eyes aimed toward the singer before he smiled at me.
“Hey, Anna, are you having fun?” Jack questioned and I instantly nodded my head, “Ty isn’t bothering you, is he?”
Ty… it doesn’t suit him… “No, he’s not bothering me,” I replied quickly which sent that flash of anger through Jack’s eyes again, “I’ve never really liked rock music… they’re good.”
Ty laughed and I spun back to face him. “We’re goth rock,” he commented with a grin, “Little slower beat, little more smooth vocals… Why do you hang out with these guys?”
He asked it so suddenly I just stared at him, dumbfounded for a long minute. “I… I don’t know… they were the first people I met when I moved here….”
“You should come out with me and the band after the party,” Ty offered but Jack was suddenly leaning on the back of my chair, I felt heat radiating off of him like the heat in Alex’s hand at that first bonfire.
“She’s not going anywhere with you, Ty,” Jack hissed protectively but I turned in my chair and looked at him in confusion.
“You can’t tell me what to do,” I muttered and his face fell.
“I didn’t mean it like that… I just… Please, Anna, don’t go anywhere with him alone,” Jack pleaded, the heat gone from behind me as I took a deep breath and stood up.
“I’m going outside,” I decided, glancing back at Ty, “It was nice to meet you.” He barely nodded his head before I walked out of the barn, leaving the two to have their little power struggle or whatever was going on.
I was thankful for the breeze that swept through the warm July night as I stepped out into the yard and found my way back to the bench I had sat on at Jason’s party. With a sigh, I fell to sit on it again, spotting the white-blonde fur in the trees only a second later because of the black lights that made it glow.
With a deep breath, I stood up and started for the tree line, not the least bit surprised when a hand latched onto my wrist. I was just mildly surprised when I looked back to find Alex holding me still, his teal gaze shifting up my aqua and black knee-length dress and up to my eyes.
“You look very pretty tonight, Arianna,” Alex remarked softly, balancing two glasses in his other hand until I sighed and fell back onto the bench and he handed me one of the glasses. “Please stay away from the band… they’re not exactly known for their… good behavior….”
I sipped the punch from the glass and looked at him closely. There was something about him that I couldn’t place, that I just didn’t really trust or like… and I had no really good reason for it. It wasn’t like I got a bad feeling from him… in fact, I hadn’t had another bad feeling since the night Mark had been caught.
“When people tell me not to do things… I have a tendency to do the opposite. Especially when those people have been so clearly hiding things from me for the past two months and I don’t really trust them,” I reasoned and Alex sighed, shaking his head.
“What is it now?” he queried, staring into my eyes, “I thought you were enjoying talking to Jack and everyone… I thought you were letting go of those strange worries you were having.”
“What’s out in the woods?” I demanded, “What are you trying to keep from me?”
“Do you like this town enough to spend the rest of your life here, Arianna?” Alex asked and I felt my breath catch in my throat as I quickly shook my head, “Then you need to quit asking so many questions.”
“Then you need to go back to leaving me alone,” I stated coldly, turning my attention to my hands in my lap when I felt anger spark through him.
“You still won’t be allowed into the woods,” Alex growled as he stood up and walked back to the barn.
“Who said I wanted to go to the woods? I’ll go back to watch the band… and Ty…” I mumbled, twisting the hem of my dress in my fingers as I slowly stood up and started walking back towards the barn.
“Anna,” his voice and my feet froze as I spun back to face him, my hand falling onto the back of the bench.
“Rayne,” I whispered in a breath, “Rayne, where were you?” There were tears stinging my eyes as he walked over to me, his hazel eyes flickered and scanned across me as his fingers slid down my hair to rest on my shoulders.
“I was checking some of the lights in the trees,” he answered without the tiniest hint of a lie as his thumbs softly slid over my cheeks and wiped away my tears, “Don’t cry, Anna….”
“I know what I saw,” I whispered beneath my breath, and his smile grew distant as he shook his head.
“Let it go, Anna… Do you want to go back inside and watch the band?” he offered but I looked at him in confusion.
“Your other friends want me to stay away from the band, why would you take me near it?” I wondered in absolute confusion.
“Ty isn’t going to mess with you when I’m here… he and I have an understanding. If you want to be friends with him, that’s your decision, but he isn’t always sincere… and he is a player, it isn’t a rumor, it’s a fact that he’s proud of… so be careful with him, all right?” Rayne cautioned with a gentle smile, “So did you want to go back inside?”
“Anna!” Jason called and I jolted away from Rayne, totally unaware before that moment that we were practically pressed against each other and he was close enough to kiss me. “Jack’s opening his presents, you two should come inside.”
I realized Rayne was still there and looked at him in shocked confusion as he grinned and took hold of my hand, pulling me along with him back to the barn.
“I have permission to spend time with you tonight,” he whispered with a laugh, “I’m supposed to keep you away from Ty… but like I said, that’s your decision.”
His eyes flickered again when he smiled at me and pulled me inside the barn with Jason on my other side.
“Jay…” I sighed, pulling Rayne to a stop to face my brother, “Go hang out with your friends.” I saw the anger and jealousy flash across his eyes but he inhaled a deep breath and walked off just before I spotted Ty watching me from his seat on the edge of the stage.
“So I’m going to reiterate my warning that Ty is a player and proud of it, because he has clearly taken an interest in you,” Rayne whispered beside my ear as I barely nodded my head and pulled my attention away from the lead singer.
“I keep picking the wrong guys to like… huh?” I laughed quietly and Rayne’s hand tightened on mine as he led me over to the crowd around Jack’s present table.
When all the guests started leaving, Rayne said he had to help clean up, and I darted to the door to catch Jack before he could slip off.
“Hey, Anna, thanks for coming,” he laughingly remarked, his eyes practically glowing in the night as he looked at me. He seemed antsy, jumpy even, and like he was about to just take off running in circles.
“Happy Birthday, Jack,” I stated, pulling an envelope out of my purse and handing it to him as my heart pounded in my chest. He looked mildly confused before he took the envelope.
“You didn’t have to get me anything, Anna,” he reasoned while he opened the envelope and pulled out two tickets to some really big deal percussion group that passed through the city once every few years. His eyes widened and darted back up to me in absolute shock. “I have been wanting to see these guys for like ten years and never have enough money to go,” he commented and I smiled softly, “How did you know?” I shrugged my shoulders and laughed, refusing to give away my source. “These are really good seats, Anna…” he was still in awe, but suddenly hugged me, “This is amazing! Thank you so much!” I barely hugged him back before he stepped backwards, “You’re going with me, right?”
“If you want me to,” I answered and he grinned as he hugged me again and twirled me around in a circle.
“Oh, I do, I really, really do!” he blurted, setting my feet back on the ground, “Can I call you tomorrow? Figure out the details? Since this is for the weekend and all….”
“Of course,” I conceded, the antsy was back as he almost bounced on his feet.
“Thank you, Anna, really,” he finalized, softly kissing my cheek before he ran off towards the cars.
“You just have the whole lot of them wrapped around your little finger, don’t you?” Ty’s melodic voice commented from just behind me and I spun around to face him, “Be careful with them, Anna Gray. We wouldn’t want you getting your pretty little self into anything you can’t get out of, now would we?” I just stared at him as he walked off to load the band equipment into a van outside.
I talked Jason into riding home with Austin, because I was still thinking about things when I went to leave. I sat in my car at the barn until I was practically the last guest there, then finally started towards home. 
It happened, again. I saw the animal running in the tree line again. I pulled off of the road, and sat in silence with the car turned off and the doors locked.
After a few long, deep breaths, I looked out into the woods and caught a flash of blonde fur and emerald eyes. I sucked in a breath through my teeth and rolled down the passenger window to get a better view.
“Jack!” I called, my voice practically echoing in the quiet night, “I know that’s you, Jack.”
I sighed and rested my head on the steering wheel. “I’m going crazy… this place is driving me crazy…” I murmured to myself, “Of course humans can’t turn into animals, that’s crazy… absolutely crazy… I should check myself into an asylum.”
“Anna,” Jack beckoned and I jumped, banging my knees on the steering wheel. I didn’t even realize I’d left the window down, and he was standing outside of it, staring inside at me. “Alex wants to talk to you… He’s already called Austin to say you’ll be home later… May I get in?”
“Won’t you travel faster on foot?” I blurted before biting my lip as my face flushed red and he quirked a half-hearted smile.
“I wish you would’ve left it alone, Anna… May I ride with you and show you the way?” he asked again and I only nodded, shoving my few things into the back seat. He climbed, barefoot, into the car and directed me over to Romulus Trail.
“Why now? I knew earlier when I saw Rayne… why not then?” I whispered as I was directed into a gigantic house’s driveway.
Jack didn’t answer, but his emerald eyes grew darker and more distant. He was opening my door for me before I’d gotten the car completely shut off.
“Welcome to my house, Arianna,” Alex greeted as I was getting out of the car, “Please come inside; I need to speak with you.”
“I’m good out here,” I rebutted. In spite of all my curiosity, my nerves were screaming and I had the urge to jump in the car and drive away. Something was definitely wrong here.
“I want you to tell me what you think is going on,” Alex recited calmly.
“Shapeshifters… or… something like that…” I murmured, it sounded even crazier when I said it to someone else, “You guys are the animals I keep seeing in the woods.” I gasped as something suddenly occurred to me, “You’re the reason Mark’s in the hospital! That’s how you found out what had happened to me…. You communicate telepathically or something….”
He just stared at me for a long moment, silent, his aqua eyes swirling with silver again, but this time I was certain I was seeing them do it.
“Jack,” he beckoned and my gray eyes darted worriedly to Jack who was taking off his shirt as he stared back at me. “We’re not shapeshifters…” Alex continued and as I watched in the faint shimmer that surrounded Jack accompanied by a strange crunching noise, Jack disappeared and a beautifully dangerous looking blonde-furred emerald-eyed wolf stared up at me, his pants in shreds on the ground. “We’re werewolves.” I sank to the cement, the wolf’s eyes now on level with my own.
“You’re really Jack,” I whispered and the wolf bowed its head close enough that I could reach out and pet it, which I did with a distant fascination.
“We’re full-blooded werewolves… which means we can change at will and we change into full wolves,” Alex continued, “Though as you’ve commented on, we’re faster than regular wolves. There is a link between the entire pack so that we don’t have to communicate aloud.”
“Can you always hear each other? No matter what?” I wondered, still scratching the top of wolf-Jack’s head.
“No,” Alex answered, but the tone in his voice had my eyes darting up to him, “No… it’s possible to shut off the connection… but we try to save it for personal reasons… and not to block off each other when something’s going on that effects all of us….”
“You’re mad about something,” I realized and he chuckled distantly.
“Rayne blocked us out to talk to you earlier… Even though that goes against our pack laws… I will have to punish him…” he responded with that same edge of anger to his voice.
“Why didn’t they want me to find out…?” My voice grew quieter with the realization that Rayne and Jack both had seemed mildly panicky when they knew I knew.
“I can’t let you leave here ever,” Alex replied with a shrug, “I can’t risk the safety of my pack because an outsider found out about us and might possibly fail to keep our secret.”
“You can’t keep me here,” I exhaled in a breath, “You can’t make me stay here if I don’t want to stay.”
“I can, and I will,” he retorted shortly, his aqua eyes intently staring into mine, “You wouldn’t listen when we warned you; now you must accept the consequences of your actions.”
“I would never tell anyone!” I exclaimed, pulling my knees up to my chest and wrapping both of my arms around them, “Why would I ever tell anyone?”
“The information could slip, or you might run into someone who’s capable of removing it from you,” Alex stated simply, shrugging his shoulders, “It’s a risk I will not take.”
“I need to get home… or Dad will worry…” I faltered, but wolf-Jack nuzzled my shoulder and I looked down to see the pain in his emerald eyes.
“I called your father and told him we were having an after party here at my house and everyone was staying here tonight. I can’t let you go home in the emotional state you’re currently in, or your siblings will start to ask questions just as you did,” Alex reasoned shortly, “Come inside, Arianna.”
I slowly shook my head which I let fall to rest on my knees. This is not happening. I don’t even like this town! With all its secrets and people always in each other’s business. Wolf-Jack nudged my shoulder gently but I only shook my head again, tears welling up in my eyes. Why does everything get stolen from me…?
“I’m going inside, Arianna. Let yourself in when you’re ready, but you won’t be allowed to leave,” Alex dismissed as I listened for him to walk away, but heard nothing until I heard the front door close.
Wolf-Jack laid down beside me, resting his blonde muzzle on his front paws, his emerald eyes staring worriedly up at me. I just cried, there was no point in fighting it anymore, I broke down and tears streamed from my eyes.
If I could just get in my car… I considered between sobs if I could get in it… how could a wolf stop me? And I saw his pants rip, he doesn’t have any clothes, so it’s not like he’s going to chase after me stark naked.
I started mapping it out in my head. I couldn’t just try to jump in the car because wolf-Jack would be in my way before I could get the door open. But if I acted like I was heading towards the house and he followed, or led would be even better, then I could turn around and jump in. I knew I couldn’t just get up and start for the house, nobody would believe I’d gotten over being so upset that quickly. 
I cried for a while, until it became sniffles, something believable and then I let one hand fall to rest on wolf-Jack’s head. 
“I want to go inside,” I managed to say even though my voice sounded hoarse. He stood up on all fours and my hand stayed on his head as I pushed off of the ground with my other hand. I only made half a movement towards the house before wolf-Jack started off towards it and I spun on my heels, the door mere inches from me, and started to pull it open only to have it slammed shut again.
“Sorry, but inside,” Caiden announced from behind me, his hands pressed to the door over my shoulders, “You’re not allowed to leave tonight, Anna… I’m sorry….”
He didn’t move as I turned back to face him, his dirty blonde hair just barely starting to cover those dark brown eyes that watched me intently. 
“Keys,” Tobias beckoned beside me, holding his hand out, palm up. He had his dark brown hair pulled into a ponytail and his honey brown eyes stared at me.
“Where did you two even come from…?” I whispered in a breath, my hand clutching my keys. Neither of them moved, though.
“Please give me your keys,” Tobias reiterated, “I promise you’ll get them back as soon as Alex says you can leave.” When I didn’t move for them, he sighed, “I’ll keep them myself; no one else will touch them. I promise.”
I slowly shook my head, realizing then that I was pretty much pressed up against my car with nowhere to go. I made a slight movement, as if to duck under Caiden’s arm, but he matched me by shifting his arm to block me again.
“Give Tobias your keys and I’ll take you inside,” Caiden reasoned while I shook my head again. “Look, Arianna… I’m really sorry you got sucked into all of this, but we have to do what’s best for our pack… and what’s best for our pack right now is keeping you here tonight, until you can calm down. No one’s going to hurt you. The girls are inside with one of the biggest bedrooms taken over, waiting for you to come in so they can have a slumber party or something… We won’t even see you once you get inside with them.”
“Where’s Rayne?” I mumbled and his eyes briefly closed as he sighed.
“Rayne’s not allowed to see you right now… He’s fine… he’s just on lockdown for a little while for breaking pack rules…” Caiden reluctantly answered before his deep brown eyes flickered over to meet mine again. “Alex isn’t going to let Rayne be with you… you know that, right…? I don’t want to see you get hurt….”
“Why won’t he let me be with Rayne?” I quietly inquired but with a smirk he shook his head.
“That’s not my place to say… you could’ve picked anyone else and he wouldn’t have minded, except for Rayne,” Caiden replied, “Now… please, give your keys to Tobias and let’s go inside. I’m really not going to ask again….”
I realized something with awe. Caiden’s gaze on me was soft, despite the threats he was alluding to, and he could’ve just grabbed me, but he was close without hurting me. I had an idea, but I couldn’t figure out how to enact it with both of them there. 
I slid my hand up to rest on Caiden’s neck and leaned beside his ear, away from Tobias and still keeping my other hand clutching my keys against my side.
“So if I picked you, he wouldn’t mind?” I said it in a breath and could feel him tense, but he suddenly shifted and picked me up, cradling me in his arms.
“We’re going inside now,” Caiden decided and Tobias merely nodded his head, reaching into my car and locking it before he slammed the door closed and darted ahead to open the front door.
The inside of Alex’s house was a mansion. The front entryway had a beautiful marble floor and natural stone walls and just beyond that were two staircases that curved up to meet in the middle at the second floor. Wrought-iron handrails trailed up the marble stairs, but I didn’t get to look around much longer as Caiden set my feet down and Jack, back in his human form and clothed, came sliding across the floor to stop in front of me. His emerald eyes met mine for a brief second before falling to my hand at my side.
“That was a dirty trick,” he uttered, pulling my arm up with one of his hands and with the other hand, uncurling my fingers from my keys which he tossed over to Tobias, “And I’m talking about what you did to Caiden, not what you did to me.” He looked up into my eyes again to find them shocked. “Pack connection, Anna. We heard what you said to him.”
“They actually kept me from caving in to you,” Caiden remarked, leaning over my shoulder to whisper into my ear, “Go upstairs. The girls are waiting on you.”
I wanted to turn around and run. I even glanced at the etched glass door, but with Caiden behind me, Jack in front of me, and Tobias just a little to my side, there was no way I was going to be able to get out of this.
I sighed deeply, before taking a deep breath and looking again at the winding staircase and then back down at Jack. “I like you better as a wolf,” I murmured, slipping past him and up the staircase on the left. I felt their eyes watching me to be sure I made it to the second floor, which, before I could get there, was suddenly occupied by Elisabeth, Samantha, Michaela, and Sage. I wondered distantly where Amy was, but decided she was probably off with her brother, being the ruthless dictators of this pack they had.
“Amy wanted us to tell you, that the guys will be watching the house and your car all night, so trying to get out is really pointless,” Samantha dismissed nonchalantly as I glanced back downstairs to find the three talking to each other. 
“So what… Alex talks to the guys and Amy talks to all of you? Do they ever switch it up?” I pondered and Elisabeth laughed faintly as she took my wrist and dragged me into the room on the right end of the hall. 
“Alex is the leader. Alex, and whoever he takes as a mate; Amy is his sister, but she doesn’t really hold the pack leader position, she’s just still respected. If she’d been born a boy, she’d be pack leader,” Elisabeth explained while I gawked at the room. 
It was huge, and could’ve been an entire apartment. But instead there was a humongous round bed against the far wall perpendicular to the wall of French doors that led onto a small balcony. There was a half-circle sofa that had 8 partitions in it but could easily fit double that many people. Across from the sofa was a big-screen t.v. that was at least 50 inches if not more. A door led off to the bathroom I was led into, where there was a set of silk black pajamas laid out on the double sink marble vanity for me, along with a fluffy bathrobe and slippers behind the door, and fluffy towels beside the two-person, multiple-head stone shower. Of course, there was also the option of the oversized jetted bathtub. 
“Get washed off and we’ll watch a movie. We’ve got popcorn and pizza coming up for snacks, and there’s a mini-bar over on the other wall, so help yourself when you get out,” Elisabeth continued her explanation while I ran my fingers over the little bottles lined on the vanity.
“Lissa… are there just the ten of you…?” I whispered, pausing to look up into the antique-framed mirror to see her in the doorway and she shook her head.
“No. In this town alone, and you’ve gotten that it’s a small town, there are about two-hundred of us, including the adults. We’re kind of… the elite group… parents want their children to mate with us so that they have stronger bloodlines…. Alex is in charge of all two-hundred of us, though… And there are about ten more in our group, they’re just not home right now,” she answered and I barely nodded my head, “I like you, Anna; I think you’re cool. I know this isn’t ideal for you, but if Alex is going to make you stay here, he’ll make sure you’re comfortable and well taken care of.”
“But…” I hesitated, it was still bugging me, but when she looked at me expectantly in the mirror I looked back down at the bottles and shook my head. “Nevermind… I don’t want to be asking the entire pack questions, especially knowing you’re two-hundred strong.”
“Oh… the nearly constant connection is really just with the elite group. The whole pack has to be called on for everyone to hear. We pretty much live together, and do everything together, so we’ve got a lot stronger bond,” she admitted with a shrug, “Is it something important? Amy says I can block off and talk to you, since you’re stuck here and all.” To emphasize that point, she stepped into the bathroom and closed the door which made a strange popping noise. “We all have really good hearing, even as humans though, so like, the bathroom doors are pressurized and the room is soundproof. It’s the only safe place in the house.”
“Why won’t Alex let me be with Rayne… but he’d let me be with any of the others…?” I mumbled, glancing in the mirror only long enough to see the flicker in her eyes.
“Rayne… wasn’t born here… he isn’t really part of our pack,” she started, tilting her head to the side, “There’s a lot of stuff, I really can’t tell you… but he’s the only survivor of his pack. He was the younger brother of the pack leader, so he’s strong; his whole pack was really strong… His bloodline and his powers really surpass our elite group, but he came here and went through the process of joining our pack. Alex just doesn’t really trust him, and… You’re different, Arianna… Alex would let you be with someone else, because your being with someone else wouldn’t threaten his position… your being with Rayne would… and Alex knows he wouldn’t be able to take you from Rayne, he has no right to… but he retains the right to take you from anyone else.”
“What do you mean, I’m different…?” I whispered, finally turning around to face her as she laughed faintly and shrugged.
“We can sense you, which is weird… that’s why we’ve been trailing you since you got here… and that day, when you did that thing, that feeling… we all felt it, which again, is really weird. I mean… I hate to be rude, but what are you?” she blurted and I blinked in surprise as I stared at her, “Anyway… get cleaned up and we’ll fix your hair and do your nails and talk boys, and all that fun stuff we girls get to do.” She smiled at me and waited for me to nod before she slipped out of the bathroom and closed the door again.
I peeled off my dress and opted for the shower. As inviting as the bathtub looked, I didn’t want to get that relaxed in this house. There was a stone bench in the shower, and I found myself sitting down on it, enjoying the steam that lofted about the room.
I snapped awake with a jolt, jumping up and washing off in the lukewarm water before I shut off the shower and wrapped up in the fluffy towels. I had no idea how long I’d slept, just that I’d fallen asleep in the shower. I ran the other fluffy towel across my dark brown hair, getting it as dry as I could without a hairdryer, and climbed into the pajamas, slippers, and bathrobe. As I stepped out of the bathroom, four sets of eyes shifted over to me.
“Well, there you are,” Elisabeth chimed with a grin, “We were starting to think you’d gone down the drain or something.”
“No,” I quietly stated, shaking my head and falling onto the far edge of the sofa that they were scattered across, “I fell asleep in the shower, though….” They giggled, all four of them, and my gray eyes darted to them in confusion.
“I think we’ve all done that at some point in time,” Sage admitted as her chestnut brown eyes looked at me, “It’s like the most relaxing shower ever.”
“Food is on its way up; hope you’re hungry,” Michaela chimed in with a smile just before there was a knock on the door, which opened a moment later as Jack and Caiden brought in pizzas and popcorn and Tobias followed with a box of cupcakes and some ice cream.
“You look comfortable,” Jack remarked as he set the pizzas on the large table in front of us and looked over at me, “You’re fitting right in.”
“I won’t… try to leave anymore, not tonight,” I revealed and his lips quirked into a half-smile, “But… I want to be allowed to see Rayne.” The smile disappeared and his eyes closed as he sighed.
“Alex says if you behave, you can see him in the morning,” Jack replied, shaking his head as his emerald eyes opened to stare into my gray ones, “You can’t be with Rayne; I know you’ve been told that.”
“I know what I’ve been told,” I murmured, shifting my gaze away from him and looking over at Elisabeth beside me, “Why don’t they stay for food and a movie? I promise I’m not going to try to leave….”
“You wouldn’t be able to with all of us in this room,” Samantha included with a laugh. 
They fell to sit on the sofa: Jack beside me, Caiden beside him, and Tobias between Elisabeth and Samantha. Sage started a movie in the oversized t.v. and everyone else dove into the food, except Jack, who was lounging comfortably on the sofa, watching me, his arms draped behind him.
“Are you not going to eat?” he queried and I slowly shook my head, watching while one arm cautiously moved around my shoulders and pulled me over to him. “Stop worrying about it,” he whispered across my ear, “Alex is a good guy, really. You’re not going to have some miserable life here, and things like this here, tonight, where you have to stay here, aren’t going to happen very often; though you are welcome to join in on the fun evenings like this. It’s a two way street. You’re burdened with the knowledge of the pack, but you’ll also benefit from it.”
I leaned my head against his shoulder and stared over at the movie, not even fully aware of which girl was getting chased around by which horror movie villain. 
After the movie, the girls chased the guys out of the room and pulled out all kinds of nail polishes and hair stuff. I found out, over the next few hours, while my nails got painted a deep purple and my hair got put up into rollers, which girl liked which guy. Though, I didn’t really know who the Kyle was that Michaela liked, or the Archer that Elisabeth liked; I did know Sage liked Caiden and Samantha liked Tobias. I ended up braiding Elisabeth’s long blonde hair, and it looked like some sort of Renaissance style when I was finished. A game of Truth-or-Dare followed, with them swearing that they were closing off the link to the guys before I’d even consider agreeing to play.
“Why would we tell you who we liked if they could still hear us??” Michaela blurted with a laugh, “Could you imagine what they’d do if they knew??”
“I’d hate to imagine,” I admitted with a smile. We’d finished the pizzas, and the popcorn, and most of the ice cream by then with a few cupcakes remaining.
Dares consisted of the girls sneaking around the house to spy on the guys, but the one time I picked a dare, it was just to go sit on the top step and kiss whoever showed up first, on the lips, despite my protest. They didn’t want to risk having me wander around the house in case someone thought I was trying to escape. So I stepped out of the room, cracking the door, and walked over to sit on the top stair in just my black silk pajamas, my bare feet in awe of the soft carpet. 
I was inspecting my purple nail polish on my toes when Alex came up the left side of the staircase and Caiden came up the right side. They reached the step below me at the same time and I looked up and between them in confusion, biting my bottom lip and looking back at the cracked door.
“Is everything okay?” Caiden questioned, kneeling down in front of me which put him barely closer to me so I laughed to myself before turning back to him.
I leaned over and quickly and lightly kissed him on his surprisingly soft lips before I heard the giggling from the doorway and darted back to it and inside. Elisabeth slammed the door closed as I fell onto the sofa, burying my face in the cushions to hide my blushing.
“For a second there, I didn’t know what you were going to do!” Sage giggled and I looked at her with a hint of relief. I knew she liked Caiden, so I didn’t know how she was going to react to my kissing him. 
“You should’ve seen him!” Michaela added and I rolled into a sitting position while they clustered back around.
“He was all dazed and confused when you disappeared,” Elisabeth reported with a grin, “Like, he closed his eyes when you kissed him and then you were gone.”
“That was so mean!” I blurted, biting my lip, “And they both showed up at the exact same time… And I know he’s your pack leader, but I really didn’t want to kiss Alex ‘cause I’m still upset with him.”
Things continued like that until all of the food was gone and we were practically falling asleep, which we did a little later as I took one end of the sofa, Elisabeth took the other, and the others crashed on the huge bed.
Nobody woke me up the next morning, and when I finally woke up on my own it was after noon and a pair of jeans and a tank top were laid out on the sofa for me. I also realized all of the food mess was gone and the room looked nearly spotless. 
I took a few minutes to assess the room before I moved any, realizing that there was no one in the room with me. I sat up really slowly, wondering how much it would take to alert them to the fact that I wasn’t asleep anymore. I became more acutely aware by the moment that I was having a feeling, and it wasn’t a good one. 
I got dressed into the outfit left for me, placed my folded up pajamas on the floor, and headed towards the door with my bad feeling only managing to get worse.
I pulled the door open and stopped. The house was silent. I could’ve followed my feelings and gotten immediately to the bottom of it, but instead, I yelled.
“Alex!” I hollered and it echoed around the house, “Alex Moore! I need to see you!” I stood patiently in the door; I didn’t honestly expect him to run up there. It wouldn’t look good if the pack leader just ran off at the whim of a human woman whenever she called, I wasn’t stupid. I walked over and sat down on the top step, resting my chin on my hands and my elbows on my knees.  
He gracefully, but painstakingly slowly, made his way up the stairs about ten minutes later and stopped a few steps below me so that his head was barely above mine.
“What if I had been in trouble?” I queried with a lifted eyebrow and his lips curled into a smirk.
“I would’ve known if you were in trouble. What is it you want? You should come downstairs,” he remarked, stepping closer when I stood up.
“It’s morning, you promised. I’m not waiting either. I want to see Rayne,” I insisted and he lifted his own single eyebrow, “And I want you to stay away from my brothers. I don’t want them trapped here, too.”
“You don’t get to order me around,” Alex countered dryly, turning to walk downstairs, but I grabbed his wrist and he spun back to face me with fury in his eyes, but the fury instantly dissipated. “Why?”
“I want to see Rayne and go home… before Jason actually does steal a car and drive over here to check on me,” I answered quietly and Alex’s hand slid up to brush across my cheek, pulling my gaze up to his.
“What are you?” he whispered and I shrugged.
“I’ve just always had feelings… and if I focus on them… I can figure out who is causing the feeling, and if I focus more, I can figure out why they’re causing it. The closer I am to someone, the easier it is… That being said… I know Rayne has been physically punished… but I still want to see him…” I explained, pausing as Alex’s aqua eyes sparkled with silver, “I could’ve followed the feeling from Rayne and found him… I was trying to be respectful.”
“You can do that?” Alex wondered in awe and I nodded as he tilted his head to one side, his fingers brushing my hair behind my ear and sliding down my neck before he let his hand fall back to his side. “Please, show me. Lead me to Rayne and I’ll allow you to see him.”
“About last night…” I started bashfully as I slipped past him and down the stairs, barely hearing him follow behind me.
“The dare?” he chuckled and my face flushed red as I was intensely thankful he couldn’t see my face, “Lissa told me all about your night and how much fun you all had. No real details, aside from the fact that what happened on the stairs was a dare. I was slightly disappointed to learn had I only reached you a moment sooner, I would have been rewarded with that kiss.” He chuckled in the silence that followed, “Did you enjoy yourself? Despite your anger with me, of course.”
“It was fun,” I dismissed with a sigh, “I am still angry with you… I’m… glad… Caiden decided to make that last movement….” I wound us through the house and out the back doors, glancing in wonder at the large swimming pool only to find Samantha emerging from under the water.
“I see Sleeping Beauty is up,” she laughed, grinning up at me as she climbed up the ladder in her black bikini.
“Samantha,” Alex warned and I spared her another glance before I headed around the pool house and skidded to a brief halt. 
“Um… Alex…” I faltered, staring at the massive iron gate in front of me that had not only a padlock, but a keypad and eye scanner. I looked back at Alex inquisitively and found an amused smirk on his lips.
“Yes?”
“He’s that way,” I lifted my hand to point to the gate, the gate that wasn’t attached to anything and didn’t actually seem to go anywhere, but I knew I had to go through it to get to Rayne.
“Why not go around?” Alex questioned and I shook my head, continuing to point at the gate.
“Through the gate,” I insisted, “It has to be through the gate….”
“That’s quite amazing,” he chuckled, walking over to type on the keypad while the eye scanner flashed across his eye and he lifted his other hand to point at the padlock which fell away. The gate creaked open effortlessly and completely on its own as Alex motioned with his head for me to go on. 
There was a briefly blinding light and then we were inside a castle. It was the only way I could think of to describe the dark gray stone walls with cut out openings for windows, and only the few larger ones filled with panes of stained glass depicting wolves. 
I wound through the corridors, heading away from the windows to discover with awe actual flame wall sconces, torches, like you would imagine finding in a castle. I looked around in awe, but didn’t stop until I reached an iron door with its own keypad and eye scanner. 
Alex stopped beside me with amazement written across his face for a brief second before he forced it away and turned to me curiously.
“Rayne is on the other side of that door,” I stated with absolute certainty, “Now, where the heck am I? How did that gate work? Is this a castle or something? Cause it looks like a castle….”
“You didn’t even consider going around the gate… or pause at the nearly maze-like quality of our castle… which is indeed a castle. I’m amazed and intrigued further by you, Arianna Gray,” he announced before he typed in the code and allowed his eye to be scanned and the door clicked open, “Please remember that his punishment was required, he broke pack law.”
I only nodded and Alex motioned with his hand for me to go inside, which I did. The room was faintly lit by the same torches on the walls, but they seemed to be nearing the end of their lives and cast strange shadows across the stone surroundings. Despite being the middle of summer, in an ancient castle, there was a distinct chill in the air. But none of that was what made my feet hesitate. Rayne’s clothes were in tatters on the floor, I recognized them from Jack’s party. I also recognized those knowing hazel eyes, despite the pale almost white fur that surrounded them. He was the most beautiful wolf I’d ever seen, but there was a large metal collar around his neck, chained to the floor, and he was covered in healing cuts.
“I didn’t expect wolf-Rayne,” I admitted almost silently, my voice echoing in the small room and I swear his canine mouth fell into a lopsided grin.
“He didn’t expect to see you at all,” Alex commented from the doorway, “Ever again, he says.” I glanced back to find him leaning on the doorframe, staring inside as I knelt down in front of wolf-Rayne and lightly ran my hand across his head where there were no cuts.
“I didn’t expect to see you either,” I whispered, staring into his eyes. His eyes fell to the floor briefly before he lifted himself up just enough to press his cold, wet, nose to my cheek.
“Rayne,” Alex scolded and I realized when I found myself blushing that he had meant it as a kiss, “I won’t tell her lies, Rayne.”
“What did he say?” I murmured, resting my forehead against his soft furry one.
“He doesn’t care what I say, he’ll find some way to be with you, if that’s what you want,” Alex recounted with disdain, “I won’t allow it and you’re part of my pack so you can’t disobey me.”
“It’s okay, Rayne,” I sighed, wrapping my arms around his furry neck, “I’m just glad you’re okay….”
“He wants to know why you’re here, despite the fact that I’ve already told him,” Alex added with a growl in his voice.
“Alex didn’t want me to go home last night… I had a sleepover with the girls,” I explained with a shrug, while he wrapped his large wolf head around my neck, “It’s okay, I’m okay. But I have to get home before Jason steals a car and comes looking for me and gets pulled into all of this too… I don’t want this for him.”
“No, Rayne,” Alex really did growl that time, “I’m not just going to let her go, it’s too dangerous; for us and for her.”
“I hope I get to see you again, Rayne,” I whispered beneath my breath and heard a snarl from behind me, “Please don’t make him any angrier… I really want to see you again….”
“He says he will see you, no matter the consequences,” Alex revealed as I suddenly found his hand on my arm, tugging me back to my feet and towards the door, “I suppose once you choose someone to date, I might consider letting you two be friends, if you can handle being just friends.”
“I’ll handle it,” I stated with certainty, glancing back at Rayne one last time before Alex closed the door again. “What’s with all the iron?” I murmured thoughtfully, realizing that the collar and chain on Rayne had also been iron, like the door and the gate.
“Your observation skills are truly impeccable,” Alex answered without answering me as he led me back to the house. He paused inside at the front door where a bag stood waiting with my clothes inside of it. “Which means you should realize, that you owe me a date.” I spun to face him with absolute confusion on my face before I very slowly remembered.
“But you haven’t told me all the details at all… like the iron… you’re still not telling me a lot,” I retorted, his aqua eyes still swirled with silver, “And why… why do you sometimes have silver in your eyes…?”
“I’m doing something out of the ordinary, magically speaking…. Right now, I’m checking with my elite members that are out of town to see if they are able to get back sooner, rather than later. I could tell you everything about our pack, and have a revolt on my hands should you ever intentionally, or accidentally, let our secrets slip,” he explained, tilting his head to one side, “As a leader, the rational choice is to gather my elite pack members and let them cast votes as to whether or not I should tell you our secrets. You will have to wait until they’re able to return for this to take place.”
“Oh… how… long will that be…?” I whispered and he stared at me a moment longer before the silver disappeared from his eyes and he glanced further into the house.
“Sybil is the furthest away and the most encumbered with her venture… she will not be able to return for a week. The others will be home by this weekend,” he stated with a smirk on his lips, “You would be wise to meet them as they arrive, so that they may get to know you on an individual basis. To do that, however, you would need to stay here. I can arrange a private room for you, if you wish.”
“I want to go home,” I murmured, staring down at the marble beneath my feet, “Can’t you just call me when someone gets here and I’ll drive over?”
“There are ten of them; what if once you get home, another arrives? It would be smarter to stay here. Malcolm will not arrive until morning, so consider it tonight and tell me your decision later,” he announced just as Tobias walked up from behind him, tossing my keys in the air and catching them as he went.
“Never left my sight,” Tobias proudly reported when he reached us and handed me my keys, “We’d love to have you stay, Anna.”
“I doubt I’ll change my mind… but I’ll call later,” I promised, leaning over and picking up the bag of my things.
“Don’t call,” Alex sighed, staring into my eyes again, “Go outside, alone, and whoever is watching you will deliver your message.”
“Watching me…?” I pondered in shock and he quirked his lips into a smirk again. Suddenly, all those days of sitting in the back yard feeling like someone was watching me made complete sense, and made me feel less insane.
“We’ve been watching you since you got here. As I said earlier, I’m only more intrigued by you now. Please be safe on your trip home,” he finalized, leaning over before I could object and lightly kissing my cheek. 
I didn’t realize until I was in the car and backing out of the driveway, that he had kissed my other cheek, not the one that wolf-Rayne had pressed his nose to like a kiss. It was nearly four o’clock when I pulled up into the garage only to find Jason jumping guiltily away from the key rack near the door.
“Couldn’t wait for me to get home, could you?” I laughed, but that hurt entered his eyes before he was suddenly hugging me tightly to him.
“I’ve tried… Gods, Arianna, I have tried so hard to accept what you want, but I can’t!” Jason blurted and I felt a thump in my chest as I made up my mind.
“Come inside while I make dinner,” I beckoned, slipping away from him and heading into the house. 
Jason followed me around the house as I prepped dinner for everyone and a snack for myself, and watched a little t.v. while the chicken cooked.
“Jason,” I started and he looked up at me from his seat next to me on the sofa, “You’re my brother… I’m never going to see you as anything else… please, please, go off and be thirteen.”
“After school starts, maybe,” he grumbled, staring at the t.v. instead of me, “It’s too hard to find friends around here my own age right now… with summer and all….”
“Please try,” I requested again and he shrugged, “You haven’t been anywhere without me… I love you, Jay, I do; which is why I want you to go off on your own….” I paused, knowing he would hate me for it. “Besides… Alex invited me to stay at his house for a week. All of them stay at his house during the summer like camp or something almost… and they want me to stay, too… if Dad okays it, I’m going to go back tonight.”
“What?!” Jason blurted, spinning on the sofa to face me, “That’s not fair! I want to go with you!”
“Absolutely not,” I insisted, “You weren’t invited and that’s rude, Jay. They like you, I’m sure you can come over some, but you’re not going to be staying over there all the time. You need to go hang out with your new friends, without me.”
“I don’t want other friends!” he proclaimed before jumping off the sofa and storming upstairs to slam his bedroom door behind him.
With a sigh I headed out the back door and over near the tree line. It didn’t take long, although I was a little surprised when Caiden emerged from the forest in his human form instead of his wolf form.
“You’ve already made up your mind?” he queried and I nodded slowly, a flush creeping up my neck as I found myself staring at the ground between our feet.
“If it’s all right with my dad, I’ll stay at Alex’s,” I answered, darting just my eyes up to him when he chuckled.
“Did you want Alex to ask him, or did you want to ask him?” Caiden questioned and I shrugged, “Alex is more than happy to ask, if that’s what you want.”
“That’s fine… my dad likes all of you guys anyway,” I mumbled, suddenly looking up into his eyes, “Just don’t even think about letting Jason come to stay… visit, sometimes, maybe….”
“I see…” Caiden laughed softly, “Our little brothers and sisters really like him at the bonfires… they text him some too, but he never will go hang out with them….”
“Are they…” I hesitated and glanced around, “You know… too?”
“Yes,” he stated simply and I shook my head, “I really don’t think Jason would catch on like you did. I think he’d be fine. Think about it. They hang out with some other kids, too, so he’d meet a lot of people.”
“I just don’t want him stuck here…” I murmured to myself, shaking my head distractedly, “And you’d better get out of here before he sees you here….”
“You seemed surprised to see me in my human form,” he added, taking a step closer to me and I forced myself to stay still.
“I was… I know you guys can’t make clothes appear… I didn’t suspect you were keeping watch in human form…” I considered thoughtfully.
“When we know we’re on guard duty, we carry a bag with our clothes in it with us. Change back out of sight and we have clothes to put on,” he explained, reaching out to lightly take hold of my wrist, “Last night, don’t think I’ll let it go that easily.”
“It was a dare,” I countered and he shrugged his shoulders, “I don’t… I mean… somebody else likes you… and I’m not going to… to interfere….”
“I don’t like Sage like that,” he retorted nonchalantly, but I looked at him in shock, “I noticed years ago… it’s pretty obvious to me… Or were you talking about someone else? Cause out of the four girls you hung out with, Sage is the only one I know of; but you didn’t say you don’t like me.”
“I like Rayne… and I know that’s pointless…” I uttered beneath my breath, but Caiden’s eyes darted up, over my head before he lightly kissed my forehead and disappeared off into the forest line. Only a moment after he was gone, I went inside and met up with Jason in the kitchen. He had just gotten there, and I was heading to check on dinner. 
“Are you really going to go stay at Alex’s?” Jason whispered and I nodded, turning the chicken and setting it to bake a little longer.
“If Dad says it’s okay,” I dismissed, turning to find Jason leaning on the counter, but his blue-green eyes had been staring at the floor until they darted up to my face.
“I don’t want you to go… but I guess… I guess I understand… I just thought you might change your mind…” he quietly revealed, pain in his eyes, “I was certain you were changing your mind… and then all of a sudden, you stopped….”
“I’m sorry, Jay…” I whispered, staring into his saddened eyes as he forced himself to shrug and stand up, “Will you set the table? Austin and Dad should be home soon.”
He only nodded and gathered the things to set up the table while I checked on everything, leaving the pots on the stove at a simmer. 
“So, I hear that group of kids likes you so much they’ve invited you to stay the week with them,” Dad carelessly commented at dinner as we all sat around the table. It was one of the few nights that we actually made sure to all be home, and I’d have to make sure to swing by for it next week.
“They did,” I remarked and Austin shot me a curious look out of the corner of his eye, “Is it all right if I do?”
“Oh, absolutely,” Dad conceded with a grin, “I like those kids and it’ll be good for you to get out of the house on your own for a bit. Are you heading back over there tonight?”
“I had planned on it,” I admitted. By that time, Austin had stopped eating and was staring at me in blatant shock but I ignored him.
It wasn’t too much longer before we finished and Dad had to head back to work which meant that Austin started interrogating me.
“What are you doing? You stayed there last night, now you’re going to go for a whole week?” Austin interrogated while Jason washed the dishes.
“Austin… Think about it… I’m going,” I retorted quietly. I didn’t give him any more time to argue as I darted upstairs and packed a small bag that I loaded into my car. I told my brothers bye and headed down the road. 
Caiden was standing on the sidewalk just out of view of the house and I slammed on the brakes as he hopped into the passenger seat.
“Where were we…?” he chuckled as I started up the car again, “You like Rayne… you realize that’s stupid… we all realize you like him… Don’t you like Jack or anyone else?”
“I guess… kind of… why does it matter?” I wondered, glancing at him while we were at a stop sign.
“Because Alex won’t let you be with Rayne… so we’re wondering who else has a chance with you,” Caiden remarked as I barely shook my head.
“I like all of you in different ways…” I murmured, sighing, “Yes, I like Jack… but he’s like Alex’s right hand… and that makes me uncomfortable… even if he is really hot… and sweet… and funny….”
“Got it…” Caiden grumbled and I looked at him again, “They say you were kind of flirting with Ty at Jack’s party last night.”
“I don’t flirt…” I mumbled as his hand fell to rest on top of mine which for whatever reason I kept on my gearshift despite it being an automatic.
“You do, it’s just cute and sweet when you do it,” he stated and my heart skipped as I felt my cheeks flush red, “So can I take you out? Alex says it’s okay….”
“I couldn’t do that…” I faltered and he sighed.
“I don’t like Sage like that… she’s more like a sister… think about it, please,” he requested and all I could do was nod as we pulled up at Alex’s house. He got out and carried my suitcase inside before I could get out of the car completely. I had no idea where he’d taken it, but headed toward the front door anyway.
The front door was pulled open by a guy that I didn’t know. He was tall and lean and I instantly knew he wasn’t human. He had his fiery red hair pulled back into a ponytail that hung to his chest and inspected me with curiously careful blue eyes.
“You must be Arianna,” he greeted insightfully, “I’m sorry… Anna…Tobias told me you prefer Anna.”
“It doesn’t really matter,” I replied in confusion, wracking my brain to try to remember who it was Alex had said was supposed to arrive in the morning. “I mean, either is fine. I didn’t think anyone was getting back tonight….”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” he chuckled lightly and stepped out of the doorway to let me inside, “I’m Farren. I wasn’t planning to get back so soon, but my plans for tomorrow fell through so I came back.”
“Oh… well… do you know where Caiden went with my stuff?” I asked and he shook his head, “Could you ask him…?” His blue eyes briefly widened as he realized just what I meant. 
“How did you figure that out? Alex said you’d only been told what you had already figured out…” he pondered aloud, shaking his head in awe, “Caiden said he put you in the upstairs guest room…. Up these stairs… down the left hall… third door on the left.”
“Thank you,” I thanked, but he was looking at me then as though seeing me for the first time, “What?”
He laughed and shook his head again. “Alex wants to see you,” he finally answered, but that wasn’t what he’d been thinking. “Would you like me to take you to him?” 
I nodded and started to follow him. “Are there four more guys and five girls coming, or is the elite group unbalanced…?” I inquired aloud and Farren looked over his shoulder at me.
“Unbalanced,” he stated, “Only four more girls. It’s not really ideal for you, though….”
“Wha… Why?” I stammered and he chuckled but shook his head, stopping and pushing a door open that led into a large library where Alex was sitting in front of the unlit fireplace, reading.
“Because all of my male pack members are developing crushes on you,” Alex interjected knowingly, setting his book down on the table beside him to look up at me, “They’re enamored with you, even Farren and he’s only just met you.”
“Are you serious…?” I whispered, crossing the room to sit in the chair across from him as he chuckled and nodded. 
“Very serious; you have this strange pull about you…” Alex stated, his aqua eyes staring at me, “I’m glad you’ve decided to stay here, but Caiden mentioned your wanting to get Jason more involved with kids his own age.” I nodded. “You’re trying to get his attention away from you… but Caiden also mentioned not getting him involved with our pack, and it’s too late for that, Arianna… the kids he’s been hanging out with at the bonfires, those are pack members… I seriously doubt your little brother would get as deeply involved with us as you have, and they hang out with a lot of mortals.”
“I don’t want them getting stuck here… but Austin is already so involved with Amy… and those are the only friends Jason has…” I faltered, slowly shaking my head, “I don’t want them trapped here, too.”
“We have precautions in place to keep mortals from discovering our secrets… you either aren’t entirely mortal, or are one of the exceptions, because you shot straight through all of them…” he muttered with a hint of annoyance in his voice.
“Alex… what else is out there…?” My voice was barely audible and I wasn’t entirely sure he had heard me. The fact remained it was something that worried me and frightened me.
“Our biggest enemies are vampires,” he revealed nonchalantly, but a chill a mix of excitement and fright ran down my spine, “The dayhunters cause us the most trouble, though… they appear completely human and can even tolerate the sun….”
“Vampires… are real…?” I whispered and he must have caught the hint of joy in my voice because his aqua eyes turned deadly serious as he met my gaze. I had always had a bit of a fascination with vampires. The stories about them captivated me, for no truly apparent reason. The fact that more stories were spreading in the recent past only fueled my interest and despite the fact that I knew their dangerous side, I couldn’t help be in awe of them.
“The stories out there about them, the ones that romanticize them, they hired humans to write, some of them they wrote themselves,” Alex started again, but his voice was cold, “Those stories are completely fictional… they’re monsters. Those stories were a way to make humans less wary of them and more susceptible to their charms.” I was still thinking about his revelation that struck me as so amazing when he reached over and grabbed my hand. “You won’t find vampires anywhere near this town. They know this is werewolf territory and they don’t come here.”
“So you’re saying they’re all bad… and they never come here…?” I reiterated and he nodded slowly, “Wouldn’t they probably say that you’re all bad?”
“Don’t, Arianna,” Alex scolded and I shrugged, “I can only hope your feelings alert you to their presence before they get an opportunity to hurt you, should you ever run into any of them. Not that you should really be able to run that risk… since I won’t let you out of the town without escorts….”
“You said it would be possible for me to accidentally let some people know what I know about all of you…” I began curiously and he nodded again, “Can you explain that to me…?”
“If a vampire drank your blood, it would have access to your thoughts,” he reasoned quietly, “You wouldn’t be able to stop it… well, the average human wouldn’t be able to stop it… You might… Either way, that is only one of many ways you might reveal our secrets. I’m more concerned now since you have such a fascination with those blood-sucking monsters.”
“I’ve always thought they were cool… dangerous, but cool,” I admitted dreamily, but the heat on my hand jerked me back to reality, and I stared down at Alex’s hold on me. “Why can you do that? That heat thing…? Can all of you do that?”
“It’s a werewolf thing,” he evasively answered, sighing and shaking his head, “We’re having a barbeque tonight, people will be in the pool, too. Feel free to join them.”
“Okay… Can I go to my room then?” I queried and he nodded as the door opened again.
“Farren offered to take you,” Alex announced, turning his attention back to his book while I stood up and walked back to the door to find Farren’s blue eyes inspecting me.
“Come on,” he motioned with his head for me to follow him and I did as he closed the door behind me. “You’re prettier in person than you are through their minds… even though they do see you through rose-colored glasses for the most part.” I looked up at him in confusion and he laughed as he walked between me and the railing up the stairs and we made a left, further into the house than I had really been. “So why did you have to decide to like the one pack member that Alex won’t let you date?”
“Because I’m destined to never go on a real date?” I laughed but he looked at me curiously, “My big brother didn’t let me date… Now that I think he finally would… well… like you said, I picked the one guy Alex doesn’t want me around….”
“But you like Jack and Caiden too, don’t you?” Farren queried, stopping at a door with his hand resting on the doorknob behind him while he turned to face me. I tilted my head to one side as I looked into his eyes, spotting a ring of silver around his pupils.
“Why would you say that?” I wondered and he smirked.
“Because you told Caiden you like all of them, which was an exaggeration because you don’t like Alex… I haven’t seen you around Tobias enough… but it’s clear you like Caiden and Jack…” he considered thoughtfully, “But you still haven’t met all of us… maybe someone else will catch your attention.”
“Who? You?” I teased but he only shrugged his shoulders, “I don’t even know you, Farren.”
“Yet,” he corrected with a grin as he pushed the door open behind him and stepped out of the way, “This is your room while you’re here. Do with it as you please.”
I walked inside to find an elaborate bedroom with a large sleigh bed which my suitcase was sitting atop. I spotted two other doors in the room and started towards them before I realized Farren was still standing in the doorway. I looked back at him curiously and he grinned at me.
“How did you figure out the telepathic stuff?” he asked and I shrugged my shoulders, my gaze falling to the floor, “I won’t tell if you don’t want me to, I’m just curious.”
“You’re very calm,” I murmured, glancing up at him again, “I didn’t expect you to be calm… the others are all… tense? I don’t know… it’s like they’re on edge….”
“I’m older than they are,” Farren chuckled faintly as I pulled my attention back to him, “We’re raised to be on alert at all times, some of us just learn to make our subconscious the alert part instead of our conscious. We all have our own temperaments, though… it’s not like we’re alike… I would’ve thought you knew that by now….”
“I do,” I countered with a smile, “But Rayne was still the only one of you that I had met that didn’t have that constant tension about him… I guess I had kind of decided it was something caused by being in this pack… but you’re calm, too….”
“You’re evasive,” he laughed softly, “So do you not trust me, or do you just not want to say how you figured out the telepathic stuff?”
“Could be either really, couldn’t it?” I coyly countered as I dug through my suitcase and pulled out my black bikini.
“Do you believe what Alex said about everyone liking you?” he wondered and I shrugged but barely nodded my head when I glanced at him again, “Do you have something you can wear over that?” My face flushed but I nodded again and he smiled softly. “I’d wear it, if I were you, or at least take it to the pool with you.” He leaned inside the room a little further and pointed to each of the doors while he spoke, “Closet, bathroom. If you need anything, just let someone know, okay?”
I only nodded and waited to hear the door click closed before I dug through my suitcase again and pulled out a silver sun dress. 
I didn’t make it all the way downstairs after I’d changed before I ran into Jack who had a coy grin on his lips. When he slipped his arm through mine, I tried to remember everything I had said that day and gasped as my hand darted up to cover my mouth when I recalled my conversation with Caiden in the car.
“You heard that, too?!” I blurted, only glancing at him to find his emerald eyes sparkling as he nodded, “I thought he’d tuned out, or whatever you call it… So everyone heard it…?”
He chuckled, and lightly pulled me to a stop just inside the back doors. “I’d suggest taking off the cute little dress before stepping out that door, though. Somebody might be thinking about throwing you in the pool as soon as you get outside.”
I glanced up to find his pupils ringed with silver and tilted my head to the side curiously. “You’re blocking them out right now?” I queried and he grinned and nodded, “I like the silver in your eyes… it’s pretty….”
“I will kiss you,” he countered coyly, leaning just a little bit closer to me with his one arm still linked through mine and the other pressed against the doorframe, “This serves as your only warning.” 
He lightly kissed my forehead before slipping out the door and after careful consideration I took off my sun dress and folded it up with my towel to drape over my arm. I had to take a deep breath before I could get my feet to step out the back door and onto the patio where almost all of the commotion stopped and a split second later Tobias jerked my things off my arm while Caiden lifted me off the ground.
Even though I’d expected it, and nearly convinced myself of who would do it, I still screamed and clung to his neck. That seemed to throw him off for all of a second before he just jumped in the deep end with me still in his arms. He also kept me under for an extra moment after all of the bubbles cleared before tugging me up towards the surface.
I swam over to the edge and pushed myself up to sit on the cement side, my feet still hanging in the water, water which I was scrubbing out of my eyes before I ran my hands over the top of my head to push back my hair. 
“Gee, thanks,” I murmured as Caiden jumped up to sit beside me, laughing while he shook his hair out of his face.
“Alex said I could,” Caiden chimed gleefully while I rolled my eyes.
“I said I wouldn’t punish you for it,” Alex interjected and my gaze shifted to find him tending the grill across the patio, “I didn’t say that you could do it. That’s your own suffering now.”
“Suffering?” Caiden pondered while I climbed the rest of the way up onto the patio. As I walked behind him, I leaned over just enough to shove him back into the pool then went off in search of my towel which Tobias had thankfully set out on one of the deck chairs. Everyone had burst out laughing when I pushed Caiden and they were still laughing when he climbed back onto the side of the pool again.
“You get what you deserve,” Farren chuckled from the chair beside mine, “I believe that is kind of what Alexander meant by suffering.”
“I didn’t expect her to exact revenge quite so quickly,” Alex laughed while I wrapped up in my towel and plopped down in the chair.
“It’s not like I can pick him up and throw him in whenever I want…” I murmured more so to myself, but Farren looked over at me from his book and I noticed the silver around his pupils which faded out into that striking blue of his eyes.
“You get others to do your dirty work for you,” he commented simply and I stared back at him in shock, “I’d throw him in if you asked.”
“You don’t even know me…” I whispered and he smiled, an actual, sweet smile, something that was a bit of a rarity amongst those wolves.
“I’ve seen you plenty through their eyes before I met you today. And I’m quick to make decisions about people,” he calmly replied and I tilted my head to the side curiously, “I’m always right about my decisions. And you, Arianna, I would trust with my life.”
My eyes widened, but I couldn’t help the small smile that slipped onto my lips before I realized how quiet it was and that the silver was gone from his eyes.
“Really, Farren?” Elisabeth questioned and I realized just how serious all of them looked, but Farren was still staring at me when he nodded his head.
“Really, Elisabeth,” he confirmed and I realized something big was going on that I wasn’t being made fully aware of, “Let’s not get all serious, here, it’s a barbeque, we should be having fun.” Those words broke the strange silence and everyone started joking around again. I wanted to ask, but something told me I wouldn’t get a straight answer, at least not a truthful one. “I want to explain to you… but I can’t,” he remarked softly, the silver once more in his eyes, “I want to… but Alex forbade it….”
“I didn’t honestly expect you could,” I whispered, staring at him for a long moment before my gaze shifted over his head towards the large iron gate, despite the fact that I couldn’t see it. I looked back at Farren to find the silver still in his eyes. “Is it really okay for you to tune them out for such a long time…?”
“I’m not saying anything that effects them; they could do the same if they chose to do it, most of them just don’t choose to do it,” he answered with a shrug.
“Hmm…” I murmured, lying back in the chair and staring up at the slowly darkening sky. I must have spaced out thinking, because the next thing I knew, Alex was sitting on my chair next to my arm, his fingers lightly running across my cheek. I started and darted my gaze to him in shock.
“I wish I knew what you were thinking,” he calmly recited as I realized his blue eyes were intensely inspecting my face. 
“Can you turn humans into werewolves…?” I questioned, but his gaze didn’t change any and I sighed, rethinking my words, “If I marry into your pack… would I remain human?” He still didn’t budge and I sighed again, “What about children? Would my children be born human or werewolf? Do werewolf women give birth to humans or wolves? You said you were full-blooded and that’s why you turn into full wolves… which implies there are other kinds of werewolves… can pregnant werewolf women transform while they’re pregnant?” He laughed then, it was pretty obvious it just slipped out and he hadn’t meant to, but he laughed.
“That’s what you’ve been thinking about?” he queried and I shrugged, “I’ll indulge you a little… because that entertains me… Werewolf women give birth to human children if they were in their human form when the child was conceived and to wolf children if they were in wolf form when the child was conceived.”
“Are you just waiting on the others so you can spend time with me?” I demanded, making his eyes flicker, “I’m not going to change my mind… but the more I’ve thought about it, the more I think that’s what you’re doing…. If you can all communicate telepathically, the others should already know all about me and shouldn’t really need to meet me….”
“Did Farren put this idea in your head?” Alex pressed and I stared at him with a confused look on my face before shrugging, “Food is ready… come eat.”
He’d grilled a bit of everything, but I picked out some chicken and grilled corn and then found an empty seat at an empty table on the patio. I was only mildly surprised that they left me alone. It was rather nice to know that even though I was stuck in this town, that they wouldn’t be constantly harassing me; when I wanted space, they gave me space and I appreciated that.
But halfway through my meal a tremor ran across my spine and I dropped my corn back on my plate, taking several deep breaths while I closed my eyes. When I opened my eyes again, they were all in front of me; well, except for Rayne who I knew was still in the castle, and Sage who I guessed was on guard-duty since I hadn’t seen her for hours. I looked at each of them, thinking long and hard before I stared into Alex’s strange aqua eyes.
“I need a favor,” I started, taking a deep breath again. Asking Alex for anything really went against my better judgement.
“Anything, my dear,” he acknowledged and I felt the little knot tighten in my stomach.
“Could you please go rescue Jason from the fight he’s getting himself into… talk to him… take him home to Austin…? He likes you…” I requested thoughtfully, “He respects you… I’d go myself, but it kind of defeats the purpose….”
His eyes flashed almost solid silver before he closed them and let out a faint sigh. “I will be back shortly,” he decided and dashed off towards the house.
“Is Jason acting out or something?” Jack queried, falling into the chair beside me as I barely nodded.
“Or something…” I murmured, staring down at my corn, “Alex won’t bring him here… right?”
“No. He respects your wish to keep Jason out of things,” he reasoned simply while everyone else kind of wandered away, back to their own tables, “But Jason isn’t making it easy… the fight he picked… he picked it with pack members… Fifteen-year-olds… Caiden’s brother’s group, who are a handful to begin with….”
“Rai’s just going through a rebellious stage,” Caiden interjected from his table and I giggled, “What? It’s my fault because I don’t spend enough time with him….”
“So spend more time with him,” I suggested nonchalantly, finally picking my corn back up to finish it, but I flinched, “Alex wouldn’t hurt Jason… would he…?” 
“No more than necessary to keep him safe,” Jack replied with a shrug, “He’s very careful with humans… well… humans that aren’t you… he’s not as careful with you because he forgets….”
“That’s not very reassuring…” I mumbled but Jack slid his hand across the table to lightly hold my wrist, “When is he going to let Rayne out…?” Jack’s hand twitched on my arm before he sighed. “I don’t expect to see him… it’s just not fair that he has to stay in that castle all the time….”
“Rayne will be released tomorrow at sunset when he’s completed his sentence,” Jack stated, darting his emerald eyes up to mine, “He’s aware of his sentence… we’re all aware of the sentences if we break pack rules… so Alex isn’t being harsh on him or anything.”
“That’s good to know…” I sighed, pushing my plate across the table to lay my head on the cool glass top. “I wish your other elite members would hurry up and return so I can stop thinking all of these things knowing I won’t get any answers….”
“He’ll answer all of your questions once he gets their permission, so you might as well keep asking them. I’m getting back in the pool, would you care to join me?” he questioned and I started to shake my head.
“I just ate… that isn’t safe, right…?” I queried but he chuckled and shrugged.
“We never wait… that’s some old wives tale, I think… but I’ll be with you, I won’t let anything happen to you,” he assured and I hesitated a moment longer before unwrapping from my towel, draping it over the back of the chair and walking down the steps into the cool water of the shallow end.
The moon was high in the sky when Alex finally returned to the house and found me drifting around the pool on a float, staring up at the star-speckled sky. Most everyone else had gone inside a while earlier, except for Farren and Jack. Jack was on his own float, but Farren remained in his chair out of the pool. I couldn’t decide if they were keeping me company, or keeping watch on me. 
I wasn’t completely surprised when Jack dragged my float to the shallow end and up on the steps while he climbed out and Alex stepped onto the first step, sitting on the side of the pool. Jack and Farren disappeared inside before I could blink and I found myself sighing.
“I wish you wouldn’t do that…” I mumbled, climbing off of the float to sit on the top step on the other side of the handrail, “You could ask them out loud to leave… I get the feeling you mentally ordered them to go….”
“I did… if it makes you feel better, I will try to ask them aloud,” he responded and I looked back at him to find his aqua gaze focused on the water. “Your little brother picked a fight with members of my pack… which is not a good idea to begin with… but he won’t be able to again… I made sure every last member of my pack is aware of who he is and no matter if he tries to start fights, they are not to engage in them… they can befriend him… but no fighting…. I’m not sure I was the best choice, because he’s mad at me…. He thinks I’m the reason you’ve turned your back on him….”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t even consider that,” I admitted, my own gaze shifting to the sparkling waters, “Is he all right now…?”
“I took him to the park; we sat on the swings and talked. I told him if he needed to blame someone, I’d take the blame; but that you’re safe with us and I won’t let anyone hurt you… I told him he needed to quit being so selfish,” he paused as he laughed, “He didn’t like that… I also told him he was being childish, and he hated that… but that he needed to consider your feelings and let you do what you needed to do. You wouldn’t stop caring about him, no matter what, but you needed your space right now. I hope I didn’t step out of line with that….”
“No, you didn’t,” I acknowledged, “I’ll always love Jason, which is why I don’t want him involved in your pack problems.”
“Well, I got him home, and Austin and I had a short talk about him, and here I am,” he sighed and I looked back at him, “I find myself wishing you hadn’t gotten yourself pulled into this… but it can’t be helped now….”
“I thought you wanted me stuck to you,” I faintly laughed and caught the slight smile that tugged at one corner of his lips, “Thank you, Alex… thank you for getting Jason home safely and for asking your pack to help keep him out of trouble….”
“I told you I’d take care of you,” he dismissed nonchalantly, “You’re part of our pack now… unofficially, as of yet, but still… I’ll take care of you.”
“Were they with me for company, or as guards…?” I cautiously questioned and Alex laughed, his eyes lightening as I watched him.
“Jack was to keep watch of you… but he volunteered, because he enjoys your company… Farren chose to stay completely of his own accord. I told you, my pack likes you,” he reasoned, but I tilted my head to one side and kept a close eye for the flickers I expected when I spoke.
“Except Samantha,” I stated and his eyes did indeed flicker to almost black they grew so dark, “Samantha doesn’t like me… why?” The ring of silver formed around his pupils, the first I had seen such a thing on him. From what I could gather, he kept himself rather open to his elite group.
“You took her spot,” he finally revealed, seeming to think through his words before he spoke them. “She had the attention of all of the male pack members… she was the popular one… she was the one they fought over… She’s a bit unique… So you came here, drew our attention with how different you are, and have taken all of her admirers and friends away… even the other girls like you… She’ll get over it, eventually… and she won’t do anything stupid… I’ve made it very clear to her that if she bothers you, she’ll be punished….”
“Oh….” It was the only word I could think of in my jumbled mind; I felt a bit bad, even though I hadn’t tried to take her spot in the pack at all.
“It’s late, Arianna… perhaps you should go to bed?” Alex calmly suggested and I shrugged as I stood up. He was suddenly standing beside me with my towel open and my dress draped over his arm and I looked at him with narrowed eyes.
“Exactly how fast can you guys move in human form? Are you faster in wolf form? I know you’re extremely fast as wolves… and you’ve freaked me out more than once as humans…” I murmured, but his gaze was unmoving and the silver was gone from his eyes so I chalked it up to more unanswered questions and sighed, wrapping up in my towel and taking my dress from him. “Is the room I’m staying in… mine while I’m here, or will I be monitored even while I’m in it?”
“It is yours unless you give the outdoor guard reason to have you monitored,” he stated and I sighed before I went into the house and up to my new room. After a quick shower, I climbed into pajamas and bed. It took a while of staring up at the ceiling to get used to the utter silence of the house before I finally fell asleep.




Chapter 6

I had the wolf dream again that night. But at least this time it made more sense… except we were at a clearing in the woods and rock music was blaring around us from nowhere while little lights darted around the air. One light darted straight towards my face right before I woke up, and I swear I had seen a little person with wings.
When I woke up, the house wasn’t quite as silent as it had been the night before. I was curious by the faint sounds I was hearing, and got dressed before I slipped downstairs. I was confused by the time I got to the kitchen and found Alex cooking breakfast, because I could still sense the activity in the house, but I didn’t ever see anyone besides him. He nodded for me to sit at one of the stools around the island in the middle of the kitchen and set a plate of food on the counter in front of me.
“Eat. And Malcolm would like to meet you,” he recited nonchalantly, but I blinked up at him, surprised.
My eyes scrunched in confusion, but he was still staring at me. “Okay…?” I hesitantly responded and his gaze only briefly darted to the opened doorway leading back into the living room before a large guy stepped into it. He was all muscle, and big, like a super hero kind of big and I knew I was staring at him agape. It took me a moment to look past his build to see he had short cut light brown hair and eyes that almost looked black.
“Hi,” he said in a perfectly pleasant voice, not exactly what I had expected after sizing him up as he walked over to me and held out his hand. “I’m Malcolm,” he continued while I shook, or rather, he shook my hand, my hand disappeared into his.
“Hi,” I finally squeaked out and Alex chuckled beside me. “Um… do physiques transfer into wolf form? Like… you’re so muscular, does that transfer?” I wondered aloud and watched Malcolm’s black eyes dart to Alex who barely nodded his head before Malcolm stepped into a side room and pushed the door almost all the way closed. Only a moment later, a large light brown muzzle wedged between the doorframe and door and pushed the door open to allow out a humongous wolf, bigger than either Jack or Rayne had been. 
“As you can see, it’s not exactly transferred,” Alex commented as wolf-Malcolm sat obediently in front of me for me to inspect, “He’s not excessively muscular, but he is larger than most of us.”
“I… I see that…” I stammered, staring into the large black eyes that looked back at me, “Thank you, Malcolm.” He barely nodded that huge head before traipsing, rather lightly for his size, back to the room and pushing the door closed.
“You have no attraction to Malcolm,” Alex stated with certainty, but my eyes darted back to him in shock, “Malcolm is the first to have very little attraction to you. He says you remind him of his little sister. Which I can understand with your coloring….”
“He’s kind of… intimidating…” I whispered, not wanting to offend Malcolm even though I knew he could hear, “At a glance, I mean… he seemed nice enough.”
“Malcolm is very kind to those he cares about, and very dangerous to those he doesn’t,” Alex surmised with a smirk, “You’re free to explore the house today, Arianna. Just know that the second floor is almost entirely bedrooms, and don’t try to force your way through locked doors. Oh, and Trina is going to be home sometime today.”
I nodded just as Malcolm re-emerged from the little room and smiled over at me, waving before he headed back into the living room.
“I would never want to be on his bad side…” I murmured and Alex laughed while he got up and put his empty plate in the sink and walked away.
I was in mild shock at the fact that I really was going to be left alone for the most part that day. I finished my breakfast in peaceful silence and followed Alex’s lead by setting my dishes in the sink. I considered which parts of the house I had seen and started wandering around.
I was literally discovering parts of the house for hours it was so huge! Bigger than it really looked on the outside, but nothing was really out of the ordinary until I found a short hallway, the kind that looks like it should have a door at the end of it, but instead, at the end of it was a giant grandfather clock. I kept getting closer to it as I was inspecting the gorgeously beautiful face which was some dark stone with sparkling stars of… diamond…? I realized it with a gasp, I was directly in front of the clock then and my hand started reaching for the strange wood.
Without any warning, Farren was suddenly behind me. His left hand pulled mine around my waist while his right hand ran up my right arm, clasping my hand in his and pulling it back to his lips. 
“Come away from here, Arianna,” he beckoned in a whisper across my ear, but I couldn’t even breathe, much less move with how aware I was of him pressed to my back and still feeling where his lips had touched my hand. “Anna,” he reiterated and as he stepped back down the short hallway, he gently pulled me with him. When he was only touching my arms, I was able to breathe again, but he didn’t let go of my right hand, he actually slid his left hand down to hold it. 
“Why…?” I whispered as he chuckled and pulled me down the hall.
“Lunch is ready. I offered to let you know,” he answered, “But Trina just got here… Alex sent Tobias after us and so if you would…” he trailed off and waved his arm for me to pass him, keeping hold of my hand as we walked through the hallways, running into Tobias only a short time later. It took him less than a split second to spot that Farren was holding my hand. When my eyes first landed on him, he was staring at our joined hands, but his confused gaze finally shifted up to my eyes.
“What was taking you guys so long? All the good food is going to get eaten,” he whined and I laughed which only made his eyes scrunch further.
“There’s plenty of food and it’s all good food,” Farren commented beside me as we kept walking and Tobias fell into step on my other side, “Why you, Tobes?”
Tobias chuckled and I realized the silver was around his pupils when he said, “He almost sent Jack but was afraid he wouldn’t make it back either. Trina’s really excited about meeting Anna… says she rushed back to meet her.”
“Why would she be excited to meet me?” I wondered and they both laughed that time, “What?”
“Um…” Farren hesitated, looking over at Tobias who laughed and shook his head, “So… the pack as a whole kind of thinks you’re going to like Aeril… and Trina is his cousin… but they’re more like brother and sister….”
“She’s been aware of us ragging on Aeril, so she wants to meet you,” Tobias explained and my eyes darted to the floor, “If she likes you enough, she’ll try to talk him into coming back sooner, and unlike us giving him a hard time, he’ll actually listen to her.”
“And if she doesn’t like me…?” I whispered and they laughed in unison again, but softer.
“That’s just not possible, Anna,” Farren remarked, lightly squeezing my hand before his warm touch completely disappeared and I realized we were entering the living room from a completely different way than I had earlier left it.
“This house is like a maze…” I muttered beneath my breath, starting towards the kitchen, but this girl came bursting through the swinging door and ran over to hug me, making me go absolutely still.
“Trina!” Tobias blurted in total shock, snapping me back to reality as I lightly hugged her back.
“Thatta girl,” she laughed, stepping back from me to look at me, “And shut up, Tobias. I know all about her from you guys, and if she’s going to be part of the family, she’ll have to get used to hugs.”
I found a smile tugging at my lips as I looked at her. She was, surprisingly, a little shorter than me, but really petite and cute in a way that didn’t fit her bold words. She had sparkly bright blue eyes and dark red hair that was nearly to her chin in the front and spiked in the back with chunks of golden blonde in it. I found myself hoping she was younger, because she seemed like such a perfect match to Jason, and then I froze again, the smile fading from my face. You absolutely, positively, do not want to get Jason involved in this mess.
“So, I’m Trina,” she started up again and I couldn’t help but smile, “And I told Aeril to come home earlier.” My gray eyes widened in shock and she laughed.
“I haven’t even said anything yet,” I murmured and she shot me a bright grin.
“Didn’t have to,” she stated with certainty, “Anyway! Let’s eat!”
“I… I don’t… understand…” I stammered, but she reached over and grabbed my wrist and pulled me out onto the back porch to another grilled feast.
“Aeril says he’ll be home tonight…?” Alex commented curiously, my eyes darting to him as my heart skipped in my chest.
“Yep,” Trina chimed happily, still tugging on my arm, “I told him to try to make it before sunset….”
My heart skipped again; Rayne was going to be let out of confinement at sunset. I felt all of their eyes on me for a moment, but ignored them. I collected my bit of food and followed Trina to a table since she was obviously determined to stay stuck to my side.
After lunch, I was left to wander around again. It was obvious Trina didn’t want to leave me, but I saw the look Alex shot her and she reluctantly did. But I walked over to Alex before he could disappear again.
“Is there a basement? I feel like there’s a basement, but I couldn’t find an entrance to it…” I questioned and his eyes swirled with silver before he sighed.
“As of right now, I can’t allow you access to anywhere else in the house. You’ve seen pretty much everything inside. There’s a fence that runs the edge of the property, but it’s a large property… if you want to explore outside,” he answered evasively, “If you happen to get lost, or something… just call one of us… you don’t have to be very loud.”
“Alex,” I called as he started off and he paused again, “Is there some reason… you’re leaving me by myself today…?”
“If you want someone around… call him, or her… but I don’t want you thinking you’re on lockdown twenty-four-seven just because you know our secret…” he paused, crossing to stand in front of me as his hand slid lightly across my cheek, “As my elite pack continues to return, it will be harder to keep them away… And you have some of your own decisions to make… things to think about… we’re here, though, should you need us.”
I only nodded and he smiled softly before finally slipping off into the house. After a deep breath, I started off towards the left, away from the iron gate and hopefully towards whatever fence line Alex had mentioned. The first thing I really noticed as I wound through the shrubbery was how strangely silent it was. With all the plants and everything, I would’ve expected at least bugs, if not actual wildlife, but it was so quiet I didn’t even hear cars passing on the street.
I paused and turned back towards the house, curious then as I quietly called, “Farren.”
He was in front of me only a second later, a wondering look on his face, the silver quickly sliding back into his eyes. “Everything okay? I know you’re not lost already,” he commented with a grin.
“About earlier…” I started, but his eyes widened with mild panic.
“It’s really quiet out here, huh?” he queried.
“Eerily so… why is that?” I responded, completely aware of his behavior and following his strange lead.
“Magic,” he chuckled faintly, “There are no barriers to deflect sound out here like there are in the house. There’s some privacy inside… but out here, anyone can hear the tiniest whisper from the complete other side of the property. Comes in handy a lot when we’re on outside guard duty.”
I barely nodded my head to show him I understood that he was pretty much saying to ask later.
“Will you keep me company?” I requested and he smiled and nodded, falling into step beside me.
It was a huge yard with a pond and shrubbery maze and even a tree house, amongst other things. Farren had stayed with me the whole time, laughing at my exclamations, especially about the maze because I got lost in its 6-foot high walls and he had to lead me out the other side.
“This yard is too big!” I proclaimed as we wound through the forest area hours later, heading back in the general direction of the house. 
“You never even reached the back fence,” Farren chuckled, walking backwards, despite the underbrush and the trees and keeping his eyes on me, “You’re tired, Anna… I’ll carry you.” My already flushed face turned darker and I kept my attention on the ground to avoid tripping.
“I’ll be fine,” I muttered, running into him a moment later because he’d stopped. He knelt down in front of me and looked back over his shoulder.
“Hop on. I won’t do the whole princess carry thing,” he lightly remarked and my face headed into darker red territory as I gave in and climbed onto his back while he stood up again, his arms hooked up under my knees. “God you’re light!”
“Shut up…” I grumbled in embarrassment, resting my head against the back of his shoulder, “You’re tall.” He laughed and it vibrated through me as I almost jumped down, but this was so much easier.
“I bet you haven’t seen the game room yet, have you?” he asked and I shook my head, “I wouldn’t have thought so since it’s on the second floor; about the only non-bedroom room on the second floor.”
“Alex had told me they were mostly bedrooms, and I didn’t want to bother anyone,” I reasoned, blinking in shock when we were suddenly out of the forest. “How…? How did you get out of there so fast without my noticing?”
“Would you like to see the game room?” he evaded and I sighed, watching bits of his fiery red hair floating up away from his ponytail.
“I would like to stop by my room first, then the game room,” I answered and he nodded. That time I gasped when the shadow of the house came into view and he ducked through the door, kneeling down in front of the door to my room.
“I’ll be around,” he dismissed with a grin as I smiled back at him and laughed.
“Thanks,” I commented while slipping into my room. 
A quick shower and change of clothes later, when I went to pull my door open, he was suddenly there. I heard the air settling and knew he’d done that werewolf quick travel thing, but looking at him, you’d never know he had.
“Feel better now?” he remarked with that coy smile as I nodded and followed his head jerk further down the hallway, towards the balcony at the end. Just before we reached it, he opened the door on the right. 
It looked like the room had been recently vacated since there were drinks and snacks still lingering about on tables. Chairs and sofas were scattered about with a small snack bar over in one corner. There was a pool table, foosball table, air hockey table, television with loads of video games surrounding it, dartboard, and a table in front of a bookshelf stacked high with board games.
“The game room,” he announced, pointing towards two doors on the wall near the snack bar that I’d completely missed, “The game room’s bathrooms. You wanted to ask me something earlier today, and I couldn’t answer… now I can.”
“I have another question now,” I commented, distractedly racking the balls on the pool table, “If you’re tuning them out all of the time, can you hear them?”
“Alex can still speak to me, but other than that, I have to refocus on them to hear them… I can still keep them from hearing me, but it’s harder that way… I guess, the best way to explain it would be like turning the radio down as background noise while you’re talking to people. You hear the conversation you’re having much more distinctly than the radio, but if you want to hear the radio, you can, you just lose concentration on the person,” he explained and I stared over at him in awe as he laughed nervously, “Did I say something wrong?”
“No… that made total sense… but it’s pretty much the most information I’ve ever gotten from anyone here…” I admitted as his smile softened.
“You’ll get more soon,” he assured, “Probably more than you want. If you were going to ask about earlier today, I suggest….” He trailed off and motioned to one of the bathroom doors as I nodded and followed him into it. The door made that air-sucking sound as it closed before he spoke again. “What did you want to ask?”
“Why did you pull me away from the clock?” I whispered, minutely afraid of his answer, “How did you even know I was there?”
His gaze shifted toward the closed door and he bit on his lip when he looked back at me. “I can’t… When the pack leader makes an order… there really isn’t a way around it… I can’t answer your questions….” He glanced at the door again. “They’re getting a little suspicious, especially Trina… was there anything else?”
When I shook my head, he pulled the door open and practically everyone was scattered around the room as though they’d been there the whole time, except Trina waited with a cue stick in her hand, leaning against the table, her back to the door until it opened and she spun around. Whatever she had expected, with that furrowed look on her face, she didn’t see and she lit up into a bright smile, rushing over and dragging me back to the table.
“Do you play?” she queried and I shrugged.
“Kind of, but I’m not great at it,” I admitted which seemed to dim a little of that happiness, “I’ve never had a table readily available to practice on though.”
“Will you play with me?” she requested and I nodded, grabbing a cue stick and chalking up the end of it.
She let me break, and laughingly agreed to my favorite game of “craps” as I called it; I had no idea if there was a real name for whoever gets the most balls in the holes regardless of color but attempting to still sink the 8 ball last.
I was acutely aware of the excessive attention Farren was getting and was a little worried for him, but the two times I tried to intervene I was stopped by first Trina, then Farren himself.
The sun was just starting to set when Trina stopped short of actually hitting the cue ball, her head tilted to one side as her eyes darted first to the windows and then the door. The smile that lit up her face as she finished her shot and sank the last ball was almost scary, and immediately after, she dropped the cue stick, grabbed my arm and started pulling me out of the room. Silence had fallen around the room and I felt them following at a distance as she dragged me down the hallway. 
Just as the stairs came into view, so did the person walking up them and my heart thudded in my chest, my feet stopping when eyes of a strange mix of very light green and gray shifted up to me from under a draping of chest-length pale blonde hair.
“Trina,” he gently scolded and there was that thudding heart in my chest again, “Let her go, Trina.”
“I’m not sure she’ll stay upright if I’m not supporting her,” Trina giggled as he made his way up to the second floor and I had to look up to see his eyes again.
“She’ll be fine,” he stated with certainty and Trina skipped off back to the others. I did reach out and grab the banister, but I didn’t fall over as his eyes shifted across me briefly. “In case you can’t tell from the way they’re all acting, I’m Aeril,” he greeted with the softest smile that nearly made my knees buckle, but I refused them that relief.
“I’m Anna,” I murmured, my face flushing red because I knew he already knew who I was but his smile just spread up to his eyes, “Welcome home, I guess?”
“Would you care to join me for a drive?” he questioned and I noticed his left eyebrow quirked up just a little and found myself trying not to laugh because it was just so cute.
“Sure,” I agreed and he held his hand out to me which I hesitantly took hold of as he led me back downstairs and out to the garage. 
After he got into the driver’s seat of the black sports car and I was in the passenger seat, he sighed and leaned his head against the steering wheel.
“I’m sorry about all of this,” he chuckled faintly, letting his head fall to the side as his light green-gray eyes stared over at me and I searched them for the telltale silver.
“I can’t tell if you’re tuning them out or not… your eyes are so light…” I whispered and he smiled as they suddenly became a darker green-gray and the silver was a stark contrast.
“I tune them out almost all of the time, it’s a rare occurrence that I’m not tuning them out,” he revealed but I stared back at him in shock and he laughed, “You’re very pretty, Arianna… I liked you before they started teasing me… or, I should say, I liked what I’d seen of you… Now, Alex won’t let me take you out for dinner tonight… but do you like the park?”
I barely nodded as he smiled and cranked the car, backing out of the garage and heading away from the house. “How did you do that… with your eyes?” I finally had to ask and he laughed, making my heart skip.
“It’s just something I learned how to do. Even human eyes change colors a bit, they could probably control the change if they tried to as well,” he admitted, darting his eyes briefly to me, “I’m going to tell you something I could get in a lot of trouble for… but I think you have a right to know….” He paused for a long moment and I worried he’d change his mind, “Every werewolf has some sort of special magical ability… like mind-reading, seeing the future, seeing the past, seeing effects of choices, matchmaking, elemental ones with water, fire, air, earth… and there are many, many others….”
“Oh,” I gasped, it explained a lot including why Trina had told him to come home without my ever speaking, “That’s really good to know… Is someone… going to follow us tonight? I was told I’ve been being followed pretty much everywhere since I got here….”
“It’s possible, but doubtful. Since I’m with you, there’s no good reason for anyone to be following you, but someone might come to spy. I’ll be able to let you know if they do… if they do, we can hang out in the car,” he offered and I laughed softly, watching him as he pulled off of the main highway into a small parking lot which just led out onto an open field with sparsely scattered trees and benches and picnic tables.
He rolled down the window for a long minute, his eyes still filled with their silver before he sighed and rolled the window back up.
“Someone followed…” I realized from the look on his face, but his eyes darted to me in shock, “What?”
“Um… sorry… even my own pack mates have a hard time reading my facial expressions… I just met you…” he answered with a faint smile, “It’s a little weird… but yeah… Trina followed… I could send her back, if you want me to… or we could hang out in the car, which would probably spread rumors….”
“I say we hang out in the car then,” I laughed and he chuckled as he turned it off and turned in his seat to face me.
“You can ask… I’ll tell you,” he commented and somehow I knew what he meant.
“What’s your magic…?” I whispered, watching his lips quirk into a smile.
“Telepathy,” he stated, watching me closely, “I can listen to the thoughts of others, as well as project my thoughts into theirs. I won’t normally abuse it, but I had to test it with you… You didn’t ask when I first mentioned it, but you thought about how much sense things made now, Trina, was your example; and when I said you could ask, I projected the question to your mind.”
“Why are you willing to tell me things no one else is?” I queried and he shrugged his shoulders, “I mean… those magics you listed earlier… couldn’t someone find out what you’ve done, and you get in trouble…?”
“Alex isn’t going to punish me until you’re safely adjusted to life with us,” he told me with another shrug, “He’s been informed if he does, it might scare you away completely, or cause you to refuse anyone around you but Rayne.”
I laughed, deciding that Malcolm had probably been the one to tell him that, since I’d been left to my own devices since he’d arrived. Aeril watched me with amusement in his eyes and I decided he was probably listening to my thoughts again, so I thought them… Trina was probably the matchmaker… Malcolm could see different effects of choices… Farren definitely sees futures. Aeril chuckled and my eyes darted to him.
“Are you going to be listening to my thoughts all of the time…?” I wondered and he quickly shook his head.
“Just when it might be important… I like you, Arianna… I like you a lot, actually…” he admitted with a soft laugh, “I don’t want to do anything to scare you off, or upset you….”
“Why…” I hesitated, thinking through my words, “Why are you so certain Alex won’t punish you…? Why does he think you’re so important…?”
“Because everyone that can… and has looked… has seen me with you in your future,” he revealed with a sigh, his other hand taking hold of my other wrist, “Right now, Alex is so concerned with trying to get you accepted into the pack… and get you to accept the life that is ahead of you… that he would do almost anything to keep you calm… and since everyone’s seen me in your future… he doesn’t want to interfere with anything involving you and me.”
“Hmm…” I mumbled, wondering if he was still listening to my thoughts, wondering if I pictured something if he could see it and the oversized grandfather clock popped into my head.
“That’s a door, to the basement,” he stated simply, “But it’s dangerous and you shouldn’t be near it… and I’m glad Farren stopped you from touching it.” I realized when my face flushed red that I’d thought through Farren pulling me away from the grandfather clock. 
“Why is it dangerous?” I questioned, but Aeril’s green-gray eyes were watching me intently.
Aeril suddenly sighed, deeply, spinning around and laying his hand on the horn as I jumped in my seat. He sighed again before facing me and laughing to himself, “I’m sorry… that wasn’t meant to startle you… it was meant to startle Trina… She was irritating me… It’s apparently time to get you back to the house for dinner, so she just kept saying my name over and over again to get my attention.”
“Oh…” I mumbled, remembering Farren’s comparison of tuning out the pack to the radio which made Aeril chuckle. “Why do you tune your pack out almost completely?”
“Well, I get the pack connection, on top of my telepathy… and it’s really irritating… I couldn’t even really live my life because I was so involved in theirs… so it was easier to learn how to tune them out, than to shut off my telepathy completely… I can’t shut it off completely… I have to focus not to listen to someone….”
“Is that why you’re still listening to mine?”
“I was trying to figure you out…” he admitted, darting angry eyes out the windshield before he cranked the car again and backed out of the parking spot. 
I lifted Aeril’s hand in mine as I inspected his long, slender, pale fingers; fingers which laced between mine and curled around my hand. “I don’t want to like you… because they thought I would…” but as I spoke, my fingers curled over his knuckles and pressed to the smooth back of his hand, “But I do….”
I felt him exhale with a strangled laugh and realized exactly what I had said and how it must have sounded. “They’ll know… they knew already… but I’m glad…” he chuckled to himself, his fingers tightening on my hand, “I’m really glad… You’re hard to read, Arianna.”
“Oh.” I was getting a very strong, very unrelated feeling right then, though, and Aeril looked at me in confusion.
“This is what your feelings are like…?” he queried and I shrugged, “Tell me what I need to do.”
“Get back to Alex’s… Jason’s there…” I revealed almost silently and he barely nodded his head before getting back on the road towards the mansion.
“Your little brother…?” he whispered and I nodded, “Your little brother… that you want to keep away from us…?”
I laughed faintly and nodded again as we sped into the mansion’s driveway to find Jack and Caiden outside with Jason.
“Where is my sister!?” Jason blurted, seeming to be repeating it as I jumped out of the car and his head spun to face me. I saw the flash of relief in his eyes before he seemed to catch how angry I was.
“Jason,” I muttered, walking slowly towards him as he dragged his feet to meet me halfway but not without darting his eyes to Aeril climbing slowly out of the car. When he was close enough, I grabbed his arms and stared hard into his eyes, “I told you not to come here. I told you not to get involved, and yet here you are… why?”
“You’re my sister,” he started beneath his breath, “You’re my sister, whether by blood or not, and I know you… you’ve been acting weird for days! Coming here, staying with them, after you seemed scared of Alex, is weird. It isn’t like you at all!”
“Why don’t you stay for dinner, Jason?” the voice that asked that question made my heart thump loudly against my ribcage and I froze for a fraction of a second before I realized it was getting dark, fast, and darted my eyes towards the front door. 
“Rayne…” it came out of my mouth without warning, like I needed to say it as much as I needed air, but I realized detachedly that Jason was watching me closely, “I don’t want him here, Rayne… he knew that. He knew that and yet here he is and you’re saying I should reward him by letting him stay for dinner…?”
His hazel eyes which I stared into were leaning more towards their bright green when he spoke again, “I was thinking that since he’s so worried about you… maybe being around us for a little while will make him feel better.”
I sighed and looked back at Jason, “If I let you stay for dinner, that’s it. You have to go home right afterwards.”
“Fine,” he grumbled his consent and I sighed again.
“How did you even get over here?” I demanded, darting my eyes around in search of one of our cars. 
“Bicycle, and the bus… I took my bike to the bus stop and the bus to the closest stop to here and my bike to here…” he explained and I had to marvel at his insight, but I was still angry.
“I’ll take him home after dinner,” Jack offered and I nodded appreciatively, pushing Jason over to Jack and Caiden.
“Go inside, they’ll take you where you need to go… I’ll be there in a minute…” I directed and Jason reluctantly did as told.
Once the front door closed, I turned to find Rayne and Aeril grasping each other’s forearms like a medieval greeting.
“Welcome home, Aeril,” Rayne recited, pulling Aeril into a hug that he returned.
“It’s good to see you, Rayne,” Aeril remarked back as they broke apart and I watched them, fascinated. It was the most interaction I’d really seen between any of them, and while it was oddly formal, there was still something underlying.
“You two…” I murmured and their eyes darted to me, simultaneously, “If I didn’t know better… I’d think you were brothers….”
“There are… cliques… within the pack, even within the elite group,” Aeril commented with a quirked grin, “You’ve kind of landed square in the middle of ours….”
I looked at them curiously but Rayne was watching me intently while Aeril laughed. 
“I wonder what she’ll think of Evan,” Farren remarked from behind me and I jumped midair, spinning around to face him.
“Don’t do that sneaky, silent walking up on me stuff!” I blurted and he laughed.
“I don’t do it intentionally,” he answered with a shrug, “It’s habit. We should get inside, if, that is, you like sushi.”
I nodded and followed him inside with Rayne and Aeril behind me, keeping a close eye on their interaction throughout dinner until I was absolutely certain that their clique consisted of all three of them.
“Jay, do Austin and Dad know where you are?” I had asked almost instantly and Jason, with a California roll halfway in his mouth, had frozen and stared at the table. “Jason Reid Gray! You are being so irresponsible!”
“Ooooh,” chorused around us and I bit my lip to stop from laughing, but Alex leaned across the table with a smile.
“I called your house and your Dad and told them Jason was having dinner with us. But Jason,” he turned his attention to my little brother beside me, “You shouldn’t leave the house without telling someone where you’re going, especially so close to dark. And while I’ve allowed you to drop in unannounced tonight, it isn’t polite and you shouldn’t make a habit of it.”
Trina wasn’t at dinner, and I was kind of glad for that seeing as my gut reaction had been that Jason would like her, but I also felt a little bad seeing as she had just gotten home that day. 
“She’s fine,” Aeril whispered into my ear, “Alex asked if she would mind guard duty since your brother showed up. He asked, and she agreed; it wasn’t an order.”
I sighed, watching Jason as he joked around with the others at the table, then tried something new, focusing my thoughts on Aeril when I thought them. It’s pointless, isn’t it…? Trying to keep him away… He’s going to end up here with you guys… just like I did.
In response, an image popped into my head, an image of my little brother, maybe a year or two older, running in a field with several of the werewolves in wolf form and Trina and Jack in human form. The image played until I caught a glimpse of myself, my hand intertwined with someone who was not visible to me, and then it stopped.
That was mean… But thank you… But… does that mean I shouldn’t send him home…?
“Do what you’re doing,” Aeril said in a breath across my ear, but I saw Alex’s eyes dart to us, anger flashing across his face with the silver swirls in his eyes, “Everything is going to work out just fine, Arianna.”
So when the meal was over, I chased Jason out of the house with Jack who loaded his bike into the back of a truck.
“Don’t come sneaking back over here again, Jay… I’m fine,” I insisted, staring at Jason as he barely nodded his head before hugging me tightly and jumping into the passenger seat of the truck. I watched until they were out of the driveway, then turned to find Alex behind me.
“What did Aeril tell you?” he demanded, but I stared at him silently, “He thinks I won’t punish him… but the fact is, if I don’t, others will act out as well and there will be chaos.”
“Why would Aeril think you won’t punish him?” I innocently queried and Alex sighed, “I’m not going to say anything, Alex… I don’t understand why you’re still not trusting me….”
“You’re not supposed to learn things before the pack approves it… and the pack hasn’t approved it yet…” he reasoned, but I caught a flash of something in his eyes and a shiver ran down my spine.
“That’s not the only reason…” I mumbled and his gaze shifted to me again, “Why else…? Why else do you not want me to know things about your pack?”
“It’s dangerous,” Alex dismissed shortly and I squinted my eyes to keep from letting tears escape.
“You don’t trust me at all…” I uttered, “Leave me alone, Alex.” I stared at him until he went inside the house and then spun and started walking towards the side yard and into the tree line. I felt, rather than saw, them following me at a distance—Rayne behind me, Farren somewhere off to my left, and Aeril somewhere off to my right. They weren’t stopping me, but they were there, if I needed them. 
It was so dark outside, that I didn’t last in my wanderings for long and ended up turned around when I tried to start back for the house. Rather than panic, I tested the distance between us by calling to Aeril. I’m lost… I want to go inside….The response I received was a picture of a wolf approaching from my side, a pale wolf that glowed in the faint light with green-gray eyes and led me back to the house to meet up with a human Farren and Rayne. I stopped walking altogether and waited and sure enough, the pale wolf emerged just as he had shown me and stepped up to my side. I smiled and rested my hand on his neck and followed him back to the house. When wolf-Aeril darted into the house ahead of me and Farren and Rayne walked over to me, I looked curiously at them.
“Let’s go inside, Anna,” Farren beckoned, holding his hand out to me and I took it, following them in the side door which turned out to open into the hallway with the shorter hall that housed the clock. 
“You were both following me in the trees… so was Aeril…” I remarked and Rayne chuckled while he closed the door behind us and my hand fell out of Farren’s.
“It’s not that Alex doesn’t trust you,” Rayne interjected calmly and I spun to face him, “He’s worried something might happen to you….”
“Arianna,” Aeril called, walking up behind me and slipping his hand into mine, “Someone caught a glimpse of a future in which you were locked in some kind of cell. Alex is afraid to tell you things in case that future comes true.”
“Aeril, you really have overstepped boundaries…” Farren sighed, shaking his head, “Let’s get back upstairs….”
We all headed back upstairs the same way Farren and I had gone before, but when I spotted Alex, I made an abrupt turn away from him and ended up in the kitchen with Jack, Tobias, and Caiden. Whatever they had been joking about with each other, they stopped, and grew completely quiet.
“Are you okay, Anna?” Caiden quietly asked, and I barely nodded my head as I slowly uncurled my hands from the fists they were in at my sides.
I caught Jack motion his head toward the door out of the corner of my eye, and looked up when Caiden and Tobias left the kitchen.
“It’s not you he doesn’t trust,” Jack remarked and I darted my eyes to him to find silver around his pupils, making his emerald eyes look absolutely beautiful. I was staring at his eyes so much that I didn’t realize he was right in front of me and I jolted when his hands slid down my arms. “He’s worried you’re going to run into a supernatural being and accidentally reveal things you otherwise wouldn’t….”
“I thought he said there weren’t any vampires around here,” I grumbled and Jack laughed softly.
“There’s more than just vampires and werewolves out there, Anna… Take faeries for example… they’re around, and they’re local… and they’re dangerous… and werewolves and faeries don’t get along… There are also trolls, goblins, witches, nymphs, ghosts, shapeshifters… all kinds of things that don’t keep quite as far away from pack territory as vampires do,” Jack explained as I looked at him in confusion, “So it isn’t you that he doesn’t trust, all right?” I barely nodded my head as his fingers slid across my cheek. “Now that you’ve met Aeril… are you still going to that show with me Friday night?” I barely nodded again as a smile slid onto his lips. “Good… you know I mean it to be a date…?” His voice turned into a question and I smiled softly and nodded again. “Is there anything you don’t like to eat? So we can grab dinner before the show….”
“I’m not a picky eater,” I replied and his smile grew bigger, “I’m still mad at Alex….”
“I know,” he whispered, ever-so-slowly leaning closer until he gently pressed his lips to mine, and then the swinging door banged against the wall so hard that I jumped, and Jack’s hands lightly resting on my arms kept me from falling over.
I spun around to find Trina standing in the open doorway, fury across her face as she glared at Jack. She was just staring at him, and he sighed as I looked back at him.
“What?” I whispered almost silently and he briefly smiled at me before looking seriously at Trina.
“Stop that. She has a right to know what you’re saying, and you know she can’t hear you telepathically,” Jack scolded which only made Trina’s glare worsen.
“She belongs with Aeril. What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Trina growled under her breath, a bit of wolf growl slipping into her voice as I backed away from her and coincidentally into Jack, which only made her actually growl again as my eyes widened.
“Trina, stop it!” that voice came from the living room and Trina shrunk in on herself from the scolding as she slowly turned to face Aeril while he walked into the kitchen. His eyes briefly darted to me, scanned across me, and then he looked at Trina again. “Anna can do whatever she wants. I don’t own her, and I wouldn’t want to. Plus, you’re scaring her, so stop it.”
“But she belongs with you… everyone thinks so,” Trina carefully stated, glancing briefly at me but Aeril laughed and shook his head.
“Nobody can know anything with one-hundred percent, absolute, complete certainty,” Aeril countered, shrugging his shoulders, “Leave them alone, Trina. I won’t ask again.”
Trina growled under her breath before she darted out the back door and disappeared into the yard. I watched her in confusion, and briefly widened my eyes when she shifted into a wolf and kept running.
“She won’t have any clothes when she comes back…” I murmured, startled when Jack and Aeril both laughed.
“I’ll put something out for her, or she’ll just go up to her room in wolf form,” Aeril reasoned with a distant smile, “Don’t worry about it, okay?” I barely nodded as I looked at him, my face shading pink before I looked at the floor.
“It’s late, Anna… why don’t you get some sleep?” Jack suggested, “Liliana and Violet should be getting home tomorrow.”
I only nodded and slipped past both of them, hearing them talking as the door swung closed. As I rounded the corner to walk up the stairs, I found Rayne standing in the entryway, just standing there, staring at the exact spot I walked into. He motioned with his head for me to follow him, and I did. We went upstairs into the empty game room and ducked into the bathroom where he closed the door behind us.
“You’re going on a date with Jack?” he asked, his tone completely normal as I tried to detect what he wanted as an answer. Instead, I only nodded and he sighed, slowly shaking his head. “Good…” he murmured, my eyes scrunching in confusion as I looked at him, “If you’re dating Jack… Alex shouldn’t mind my being around you… and Aeril shouldn’t get too big of a head about you….” He paused in his pacing as his eyes landed on me and he smiled distantly. “I didn’t want any of this for you… This pack is one of the biggest in the world, and it’s probably because they keep themselves so well concealed… but my brother never would have forced you to stay in a town you didn’t like just because you found out about us….”
“When did…” I bit on my lip and shook my head, “It isn’t my business… sorry….”
“When did the dayhunters get together and attack my pack?” Rayne calmly questioned and I barely nodded my head, “When I was eleven. My brother wouldn’t let me fight with the rest of the pack… he said we had to be sure to carry on our line, so he had our witch conceal me under the house… Dayhunters don’t usually unify like that… Sure, it’s not uncommon to find three or four of them living together… but this was over fifty of them that attacked at once, together….” He gasped almost silently when I was suddenly hugging him, and his arms slowly wrapped around me.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered and he exhaled a silent laugh.
“It had never happened before, and hasn’t happened since, to the point that a lot of werewolves don’t really believe me… if I wasn’t from the pack leader line, and they couldn’t tell that, they wouldn’t believe me at all…” he murmured, refusing to let go of me when I tried to back away to look up at him, so I rested my head against his chest, listening to the soothing beat of his heart.
“Why did you come here though? Why did you join Alex’s pack?” I wondered and he sighed.
“It is the biggest pack in the country… I figured it would be a safe place to lay low for a while… When I had all but decided to break from the pack and start my own back up… well… this strange girl moved into town, and I felt a need to stay,” he admitted with a faint chuckle.
“You’re still here because of me…?” I wondered while he rested his chin on the top of my head.
“Yeah… I guess I am…” he whispered, “You probably wouldn’t have figured all of this out so soon if I hadn’t been here… I should have left, so you could be living your life….”
“No,” I stated coldly, pushing on his chest until he let me take a step backwards and look into his eyes, “No… this is my fault. And whether you were here or not, I probably would have kept prying, that’s just how I am… and if I hadn’t known you guys… M…Mark….” He pulled me back against him.
“Shh,” he gently shushed me, “No one would have let him hurt you again….” He was silent for a long moment before he inhaled a deep breath, “It’s really late… you should get some sleep….”
He backed away from me and wiped the tears from my eyes with a distant smile, softly kissing my cheek before he took hold of my hand and pulled me out of the bathroom. Caiden and Tobias turned around on the sofa, video game characters dying on the screen since neither of them had hit the pause button.
“Anna…” Caiden murmured, those deep brown eyes searching my face, “Have you been crying?” He was over the back of the sofa and in front of me before I could blink again. “Are you okay?”
“I… I was just thinking about… if you guys hadn’t…” I trailed off and shook my head, “What time is it?”
“Three a.m.,” Tobias contributed from the sofa, “Caiden, let her go to bed. Rayne can tell us later, right, Rayne?” 
Rayne sighed but barely nodded his head, leading me out of the game room despite Caiden’s argument, and walking me back down the hallway to my room.
“Go to sleep,” Rayne insisted, lightly pushing me inside my room, “I’ll see you in the morning.”
I nodded and shuffled over to my bed, climbing into it without even bothering to change clothes while Rayne watched from the doorway before he pulled my door closed.

The wolves weren’t in my dream that night… The troll doll was back again, fully healed, and grabbing the darting lights which I refused to admit were little winged people out of the air. I woke with a scream caught in my throat when it started shoving handfuls of the little lights into its mouth.
I darted up in bed, my eyes wide as I realized my shaking hands were clenching the comforter in fists. That was about the time I spotted the beautiful young girl standing in front of my door. She had golden blonde hair rolling down her back and startlingly blue eyes and like Trina, she seemed a little younger than most of the others.
“You screamed,” she whispered, but my hand slid across my neck as I looked at her in confusion. I could still feel the scream trapped in my throat. She smiled distantly and lifted her hand to her temple. “In here….” I was too focused on trying to calm my racing heart to understand what she meant. “Alex wants to come in…” she remarked and I only managed to nod my head before she stepped out of the way of the door and Alex was standing beside my bed while she pushed the door closed.
His strange teal eyes searched my face before he pressed the underside of his wrist to my forehead. “Are you all right?” he quietly asked and I barely nodded my head again, “Liliana says you were having a bad dream…? Was that all?”
“Weird dream,” I mumbled, slowly shaking my head, “I’ve been having a lot of weird dreams lately… some of them make more sense now….”
“Please tell me,” he requested, concern in his eyes as I laughed hollowly.
“The wolves walking around town like they belonged there… that makes more sense now… wolves attacking a troll doll… dancing lights in the woods with rock music…” I trailed off, but he just kept watching me, even though I caught the tiniest flinch in his eyes, “This one… the… the troll doll… was…” I shuddered at the thought that crossed my mind, “It was shoving the dancing lights into its mouth.” I blurted the words out quickly and almost threw up it disgusted me so much, but I still caught the brief panic that passed through his eyes and felt my heart sink. “What?”
“I don’t like your sleep being disrupted…” he reasoned, but I scrunched my eyes when I looked at him. “Jack says you have a date tomorrow night…” there was the slightest hint of disbelief in his voice so I nodded, “The girls want to take you out shopping, and to get your hair and nails done….”
“Which girls?” I pressed and he laughed softly.
“Lissa, Sage, Michaela, and Liliana,” he glanced back at the door where the girl was still standing, “Who says she forgot to introduce herself… So, Arianna, this is Liliana. She’s fifteen like Trina and Caiden.”
“Caiden’s fifteen?” I uttered in shock and he chuckled but nodded, “But… I thought his younger brother was fifteen…?”
“They’re twins,” Alex answered with a soft smile, “Caiden was born first, so he’s the ‘older’ brother. They don’t always get along… since Caiden is part of the elite group and Rai isn’t….”
“How does that work?” I wondered but Alex smiled that smile he would give me when he couldn’t tell me stuff and I sighed. “Why isn’t Trina on your list of girls wanting to go out and make a day of it?”
Alex’s eyes flashed and I spotted the silver around his pupils as he glanced back at Liliana standing in front of the door.
“Trina doesn’t like you dating anyone but Aeril,” Liliana stated with a smile.
“Should I not be…?” I wondered seriously but she laughed and Alex barely shook his head with a grin on his lips.
“You may date whomever you wish in the pack, with the sole exclusion of Rayne,” Alex answered with a chuckle, “I would hope that you can find someone within the pack… I think it will make things easier on you in the long run….”
“You mean since I’m stuck here for the rest of my life,” I coldly reasoned as his smile grew distant and he barely nodded his head.
“Why don’t you get dressed and come downstairs for breakfast and then you and the girls can get on with your day,” he suggested and I sighed but nodded. Those teal eyes scanned across my face again and I realized the ring of silver was gone before he stood up and walked out of the room, pulling Liliana behind him and closing my door.
I sat in my bed a moment longer, the dream still running through my mind. I winced when the troll doll shoved the lights in its mouth again, and finally flung my blankets off of me and headed for the bathroom. A quick shower helped clear my head, and finally changing out of yesterday’s clothes that I’d fallen asleep in helped too. When I went to step out of my room and head downstairs, I had to screech to a halt to keep from running into Trina. She looked up at me with a distant smile.
“Hey,” she greeted and I barely nodded my head, “Um… I just… don’t want you thinking I don’t like you, or something stupid… I still think you’re awesome. I just… I don’t think your dating anyone but Aeril is a good idea… and I can’t support you dating anyone else… but when you get back, I’d love to hang out, if you want.”
“As long as we’re not out super late, which I hope we aren’t because I’m not the biggest fan of shopping…” I paused when her eyes laughed, “I’d love to hang out when I get back. I need more pool practice.”
She smiled and nodded before she hugged me just a little too tightly, and just as quickly she was gone.
When I made it downstairs, I found Jack, Tobias, Caiden, and Malcolm on the sofa in the living room, but they all glanced at me before someone paused their movie and they headed for the kitchen. All of them went to the kitchen, except Caiden who jumped over the back of the sofa and walked over to me, his deep brown eyes sweeping across my face. 
“Glad to see you’re all right,” he remarked but I just stared at him for a long moment until he laughed, “What?”
“You’re fifteen?” I questioned in confusion and he laughed again and nodded, “You don’t look fifteen….”
“I guess that’s a good thing,” he chuckled as I looked at him again, he was at least half a foot taller than me, I had to look up to see into his eyes when he was suddenly right in front of me.
“Why do you guess it’s a good thing?” I wondered as his fingers slid across my cheek.
“Because if you don’t think I look younger than you, maybe you’ll forget that I am younger than you… since you seem to really only allow yourself to go after guys that are older than you,” he reasoned with a gentle smile, “So… can I take you out the night after tomorrow?”
“Caiden…” I murmured, his eyes sparkling when I took a deep breath. I was just about to say fine when I spotted Sage standing in the doorway to the kitchen and my eyes widened as my breath caught in my throat from the absolute betrayal in her chestnut eyes.
“Sage…” Caiden sighed, slowly turning around to face her, but one of his hands slid down my arm and lightly held onto my wrist, “You can’t be upset with her… she always turns me down because of you… you know you’re like a sister to me….”
“It doesn’t look like she was about to turn you down,” Sage uttered, “Your brother is here….”
Caiden sighed again, shaking his head before he let go of my wrist and walked to the front door. “Don’t just stand outside,” I heard him remark, but I was watching Sage, and she was really hurt.
“I won’t,” I stated and her eyes darted back to me, “I don’t want to hurt you….”
“It’s not your fault…” she laughed distantly, “I know he doesn’t like me… I just….”
Her eyes darted up behind me and I turned around to find Caiden walking back into the living room with his twin brother. I knew it was Rai, because their faces were nearly identical. But Rai’s hair was spiked in the back, with long bangs that covered half of his face and were dyed dark blue, and he had a lot of piercings… one in his nose, one in his right eyebrow, two on his bottom lip, and one in between them below his lip (I think it’s called a labret), and several in his ears. I suddenly realized why Jason had picked a fight with Rai… Rai definitely looked like someone who would fight.
“Rai, this is Anna,” Caiden introduced when they stopped beside us, “Anna, this is my little brother, Rai.”
“Not little,” Rai growled but Caiden only rolled his eyes while Rai looked at me and smiled faintly, “Nice to finally meet you, Anna.” But then he turned his attention to Sage and smiled for real, “Hi, Sage.”
“Hello, Rai. What brings you here?” Sage replied while Caiden lightly grabbed my wrist and pulled me into the kitchen and out to the back porch. Everyone was there except for Sage.
“Alex wanted to have a ‘family breakfast’ this morning,” Caiden explained when I looked around the little tables in confusion to find everyone sitting at them, laughing and talking with each other.
I pulled Caiden back against the back door. “Rai likes Sage?” I queried and Caiden laughed faintly but barely nodded his head, “No wonder you won’t date her….”
“She has no idea…” Caiden chuckled distantly, “He came by to ask her out….”
“What is she going to say?” I asked but he shrugged his shoulders. A split second later, though, he flinched and pulled me out of the way of the door that slammed open as Sage stormed outside.
“It’s not a joke!” Rai blurted as Sage spun back to face him, but her gaze slid across me and her eyes narrowed into a glare when she realized Caiden was holding me. I quickly darted away from him and shook my head.
“I’m in love with your twin brother!” Sage hollered, pointing at Caiden, “Why would I date you when I’m in love with him?”
“But he likes Anna,” Rai pointed out while I tried to put more distance between Caiden and me.
“I don’t care,” Sage growled, “She respects me….”
“She respects…” Rai trailed off as his brown eyes landed on me.
“Rai, don’t you dare,” Alex growled but it was a little too late because Rai suddenly yanked me over to him and kissed me. I yelped when his teeth sank into my lip and tripped backwards away from him, my hand covering my mouth while Rai licked blood from the pointed teeth in his mouth.
“Caiden isn’t going to touch her or I’ll finish what I started,” Rai hissed as he spun on his heels and stormed through the house. I heard the front door slam just before Alex was in front of me, his teal eyes worried as he looked over my face and then slid his fingers across my lip.
“Shit…” he muttered, glancing behind me, “I don’t care what he threatened, Caiden… fix this now.”
Caiden sighed as he walked in front of me, his fingers slid slowly across my lip but he refused to look at me. When he pulled his fingers away, my tongue ran over my lip and I realized it was completely healed as I looked at him in shock.
“What is going on?” I whispered and Alex sighed, barely shaking his head, “Alex… what just happened?”
“Well… for starters… you have to stay away from Rai… come have breakfast now though,” he insisted, pulling me over to a table with Rayne, Farren, and Aeril who I realized all looked really pissed off and worried at the same time. 
“Why do I have to stay away from Rai? What did he mean he’d finish what he started?” I demanded harshly, not failing to realize that Caiden and Sage were still talking in front of the back door.
“The only reason any member of this pack would consume human blood would be for a blood tie… As long as you don’t ingest any of his blood, it won’t be finalized…” Alex vaguely explained, “You know I can’t fully explain this right now… just… stay away from Rai, okay?”
“Why did he do it?” I pressed angrily, “What is a blood tie?”
“I can’t explain what… As for why… he figured since Caiden stole the girl he loved from him… that he’d steal you from Caiden…” Alex admitted with a sigh, “You really have to stay away from him….”
“I got it… but how do I do that?” I insisted and Alex laughed and then sighed again.
“As long as you’re with a member of the pack… you should be fine,” he stated, “Everyone knows to keep him away from you now….”
Sage finally sat down at a table with Michaela, Samantha, and Trina while Caiden sat down at the table with Tobias, Malcolm, and Jack. Rayne’s hand fell on top of my tightly clenched fist and his thumb ran across the back of my hand in little circles. My eyes darted up to him to find his hazel eyes intently watching me.
“Eat your breakfast,” Rayne suggested and I slowly unclenched my hands and barely nodded my head as I ate the food on the table in front of me.
For a ‘family breakfast,’ it didn’t turn out so well, and I felt a bit guilty about that even if I hadn’t been the one to actually disrupt the meal. No one really spoke; there was just the sound of forks and knives on plates and glasses being set back down on the tables.
When everyone finished eating, the girls stole me away from the table and we got in an SUV and left the house. I wasn’t the least bit surprised when Sage didn’t go with us, but Amy decided to join us, so it ended up being Lissa, Michaela, Amy, Liliana, and me. I was even less into the idea by the time we got to the spa; all I really wanted to do was get Rayne, Farren, or Aeril to tell me what the heck a blood tie was and what it would do.
The day turned out better than I expected, because we didn’t do a whole lot of talking, it was just really relaxing… what with the massage, the facials, the mani-pedis, and eventually getting our hair done which was when we were talking again. Everyone was in a better mood by then, myself included. 
“So where is Jack taking you before the show?” Amy asked while the stylist worked on straightening her hair.
“Out to eat, but I don’t know where,” I answered while the stylist behind me was cutting layers into my long hair, “What do you think they’d do if I chopped off my hair?”
I saw Amy’s teal eyes widen in the mirror and laughed. “I think they’d faint, or die, or something… your hair is one of their favorite features….”
I smirked and looked up at the stylist in the mirror, “Cut it, chin-length. I’ll donate it.”
Her eyes widened and her hand stopped moving. “Are you sure? Your hair is really pretty….”
“It also grows really quickly… How about just shoulder-length then? And some swoop-bangs,” I decided, and she still hesitated, glancing over at Amy.
“It’s her hair,” Amy stated, shrugging her shoulders as I actually looked at her to find silver around her pupils, “But Alex is going to freak….”
I only shrugged my shoulders before the stylist tied my hair back and cut off the excess length of my hair. When she held up the length of ponytail, I felt the tiniest twinge in my stomach while my hair slid over my shoulders. When all was said and done, my hair fell just above my shoulders with layers up to my chin and bangs swooping across the left side of my forehead. I liked it, but I had a feeling the guys weren’t going to be as fond of it.
“Alex is mad because I’m still tuning out,” Amy laughed as she turned to look at me and smiled softly. “It looks great, but they are seriously going to freak out and I can’t keep tuning out.”
“I’ll be in the back seat of the car. Why don’t they meet us for dinner somewhere?” I suggested, standing up and pulling out my wallet to leave a tip for the stylist.
“The day is paid for, Anna. But I like your idea, so get out to the car,” Amy decided and tossed the keys to me when I looked up at her. I fumbled to catch them, but managed to get them before they hit the floor and went outside to the SUV. Not much later, the other girls piled into the front seats.
“I want to see it so bad!” Michaela blurted, but none of them turned to look at me and I laughed, “Amy says it’s sexy.”
My face shaded red as we left the spa and headed over to the mall. They climbed out of the vehicle, but left me sitting in the backseat with the tinted windows blocking anyone from seeing me. My heart was pounding when I looked out the window and spotted Alex, Jack, Tobias, Rayne, Farren, Aeril, Trina, and Sage standing in the parking lot.
“Where is Arianna?” Alex demanded, “Why have you kept her out of sight for so long?”
“She wanted it to be a surprise. Surprises aren’t easy when you’re dealing with a bunch of telepathic werewolves,” Amy laughed as she opened the back door and I climbed out of the SUV. Oh their faces were priceless! I wished I had a camera to catch the shock, anger, awe, and excitement I saw between them.
“What did you do to your hair?” Alex growled angrily but I tucked my newly short hair behind my ear and felt my cheeks flush at the look Rayne was giving me.
“I cut it. You don’t like it?” I queried coyly, looking directly at Alex and catching the brief pink on his face.
“I liked your long hair,” Alex reasoned, “Let’s go get something to eat… Amy said you still had shopping to do….”
“I think it looks hot,” Jack whispered as he walked beside me toward the mall, “You look hot. I can’t wait until tomorrow night.” He kissed my cheek and then disappeared from my side as we reached the mall and went into the food court.
Despite heading in several different directions to different food stations, we all ended up at tables in the center of the food court that the guys had shoved together. I also hadn’t been allowed to buy my meal, which kind of ticked me off, but I didn’t have the energy to argue with them about it.
Suffice it to say, the girls really enjoyed shopping and they kept me at the mall until almost midnight! By the time we finally got back to the house, I went upstairs, climbed into my bed, and fell asleep.





Chapter 7

I dreamt of the troll doll again, but this time it was in a fight with a single wolf, one with nearly black fur and gray eyes that I hadn’t seen before… I woke up just as the troll doll broke the wolf’s back. It was after noon when I rolled over and looked at the clock, and I sighed as I shoved my blanket back and headed for the shower. 
When I was washing my hair, I was shocked to find it so short, having completely forgotten about cutting it; and when I went to dry it, I had to change my whole routine to get the same look the stylist had given me the day before. I just tossed on a pair of jeans and a tank top before I went downstairs, saving my new outfit for later. 
I walked downstairs and found… no one… nothing… the house seemed completely empty. There was a plate of tacos sitting out on the counter in the kitchen and they were still warm, but there was no one around. I sat down and ate a taco with the dream still playing in my mind. I wonder if that’s what I’d look like as a wolf… It crossed my mind before I froze, my hand holding the taco midair before I dropped it and darted out the back door.
“Please, whoever is out here… is Malcolm’s little sister okay?” I questioned in a panic, not loudly because I knew whoever was there could hear me.
Tobias walked out of the tree line a minute later wearing only a pair of shorts, and I struggled to keep my attention on his honey colored eyes and away from his very muscular chest, stomach, arms…
“Why did you ask that?” he queried as he stopped in front of me, but I bit my lip, “She’s at the hospital… pretty much everyone is there with her….”
“Because she has a broken back…?” I whispered and Tobias’ eyes widened before he barely nodded his head, “I know Alex probably told you all about my weird dreams… I dreamt that the troll doll was fighting with a wolf I hadn’t seen, but when I really stopped and thought about it, the wolf reminded me of myself, which made me think about Malcolm’s sister….”
“We got really worried when she never made it home yesterday. She tunes out a lot, so we don’t know what exactly happened… she’ll be fine though. Malcolm found her and we got her to the hospital and got her back realigned… she’s a werewolf, so it will heal up within the day,” he explained hesitantly, “Jack says to tell you that you’re not getting out of your date tonight that easily.”
“Why don’t you know what happened? Hasn’t she told you yet?” I pressed and his gaze fell to the ground as his long dark brown hair fell across his face.
“She hasn’t woken up yet… but we know she’ll be okay… Alex doesn’t want me telling you anything else about it, I’m sorry…” he reasoned with a sigh, “He told me to stay up at the house with you, but I have to get my bag if I’m staying here… I’ll be right back, okay?”
I only nodded before he dashed off into the tree line and I felt my hands trembling. Before I could really think about anything, Tobias was back in front of me with a duffle-type bag tossed over his shoulder. He stepped past me and opened the door, holding it open until I was inside then closing it behind us.
“Who made the tacos?” I wondered and he chuckled as he grabbed one and shoved nearly the entire thing in his mouth in one bite. I was thankful he at least chewed and swallowed before trying to speak. 
“Caiden came in and tossed them together in case you woke up. He actually had just gotten back on patrol when you came outside,” Tobias stated as he fell onto one of the barstools and motioned for me to sit down, “And before you ask, he’s fine.” There was that silver around his eyes that made his eyes look like gold. 
“What made you think…” I trailed off when he grinned at me.
“It’s so obvious you liked him and were just holding off because of Sage… I’m sorry you got caught up in that… Sage won’t date anyone but Caiden, Caiden won’t date Sage because he doesn’t want to hurt his brother… Rai is obviously a little… uncontrollable.”
“How long is my blood going to stay in his system…?” I queried, watching him chew on his bottom lip and glance out the back door.
“Pretty much permanently… all he needs is for you to have one drop of his blood and it will create a blood tie… so be really careful around him… Caiden is staying open to his brother to show him that he’s staying away from you and from Sage… I can’t believe Rai didn’t understand what was going on…” Tobias growl-sighed and rested his head on the countertop. 
“What do you mean ‘pretty much’ permanently?” I pressed and he sighed and groaned as he rolled his head over so that he was staring at the floor.
“Too observant…” he grumbled, looking over at me after a long minute, “I can’t tell you that… Alex said not to tell you anything but what I said… so I can’t tell you.”
“Then you mean he ordered it,” I countered and he sighed again and nodded, “Okay… what can you tell me? Can you tell me how old everyone is?”
He laughed and sat up straighter on the stool, starting to count on his fingers, “Amy is 20; Farren is 19; Alex, Jack, Lissa, and Rayne are 18; Aeril will be 18 in November; Sam, Michaela, and Malcolm are 17; Sage, Kiris, and I are 16; Caiden, Trina, and Liliana are 15; Evan is 14; Violet is 13 and Sybil is 12. So we have a pretty wide age-range in the elite group when you really stop and think about it.”
“You’re my age?” I wondered and he barely shrugged his shoulders.
“My birthday is in December. So I’m a Junior this year. Aeril, Rayne, and Michaela are Seniors, Sam and Malcolm are Juniors… Obviously you’ll be seeing a lot of Aeril, Rayne, and Michaela at school…” Tobias considered thoughtfully, “Well, Aeril and Michaela at least… Alex is still....” He trailed off and bit his lip really hard, “Did you want to go anywhere or do you want to stay here?”
“I’m allowed to leave?” I laughed softly and he nodded his head, “As long as you go with me…?” He grinned and nodded again. “I, honestly, wasn’t planning on going anywhere today… About the only place I might decide to go would be the ice cream parlor because that place has amazing ice cream….”
“I remember the day you were there… We couldn’t believe Jack went over and talked to you with that fierce protective vibe your brother was giving off… If you want to go there, we can,” he offered and I barely nodded my head.
“I didn’t realize you were there…” I murmured and he laughed.
“Yeah… Jack definitely caught your attention that day… that seems like such a long time ago…” he was still talking, but he was across the room pulling on a shirt before his fingers glided over the different sets of keys hanging on the key rack. He sighed and took a different set of keys than what he had originally stopped at, then turned back to face me, “Let’s go.”
I got the very distinct feeling he didn’t want to be in the house and checked my back pockets for my phone and wallet before I followed him into the garage, which was normally more filled with cars than it was that day, but I guessed most of them were at the hospital. He led us to the oldest car in the garage, a 2006 Honda Accord and I climbed into the passenger seat while he eyed the really beautiful brand new sports car across from him. It took him an extra minute to get into the driver’s seat.
“Alex said no to driving the fancy one I take it?” I quietly laughed and he chuckled distantly and nodded his head.
“He doesn’t trust my driving skills yet… Sorry…” he murmured while we left the house and headed into town.
The longer we rode in near silence, the quicker I realized I hadn’t ever really been alone with Tobias. Did I like Tobias? Sure; but it was totally a superficial little crush because he was gorgeous, I didn’t really know much of anything else about him. He glanced at me while we were stopped at a red light, a smile playing across his lips.
“What?” he laughingly asked, “You’ve been staring at me… why?”
“I was realizing I don’t think I’ve ever been alone with you before… I don’t really know you very well,” I explained, but my gaze fell to my lap as my face shaded pink and he laughed softly.
“I’m too shy to spend time alone with you,” he mumbled, continuing down the road when the light turned green.
“You don’t strike me as shy,” I countered and he laughed softly, pulling into a parking space in front of the ice cream parlor.
“Have I ever talked to you when someone else wasn’t around before today?” he pressed and I considered it before I shook my head, “Because I’m shy, and you’re intimidating… if Alex hadn’t left just Caiden and me at the house… I wouldn’t be talking to you now….”
“How can someone so attractive be so shy?” I wondered curiously, realizing he was blushing only after I’d gotten out of the car, “Sorry… I’m not trying to embarrass you, I promise… I just don’t get it.”
“I’m right dead center of the elite group with Malcolm… I dunno… I guess the older ones and the younger ones got more attention… I didn’t have anyone pushing me to be less introverted, so I just kind of stayed quiet…” he murmured with a shrug, holding the door to the ice cream parlor open for me.
“Well… now you have me,” I decided while inspecting the different ice cream options before I ordered a caramel sundae with double chocolate ice cream and nuts. 
I turned around when he sighed. “Um… Alex… ordered me to buy that for you… sorry…” he muttered, staring down at the floor instead of looking at me.
“Tell him to stop trying to buy me off, I don’t like it… but it’s fine this time… I guess…” I sighed while he ordered a sundae, too, and then skipped ahead of me to pay for both of them. I went over to one of the high top tables and sat down, my gaze wandering out the front windows to the overcast afternoon.
“The rain won’t get here until after you and Jack leave,” Tobias stated as he sat down across from me, “But it is on the way….”
No sooner had the girl behind the counter brought out our sundaes than the bell chimed as the front door opened. My eyes darted up to find Ty walking into the ice cream parlor with two of his band mates. His pale blue eyes instantly found me in the room as his lips curled into a grin, the hoops in his bottom lip glistening in the light.
“Hello, Anna Gray,” he greeted as he strolled over beside our table while the other two got in line to order ice cream, “I like the new hair. I hear you landed yourself in something you can’t get out of just like I thought you would.”
“Ty…” Tobias’ voice was cold, warning, and I darted my eyes to him in confusion, “Did you actually need something?”
“I just wanted to say hello,” Ty smugly countered, “Not that it’s any of your business, Tobias. I’m surprised you’re the only one here… did something happen?”
“Violet got hurt,” Tobias muttered and I saw the brief pang of guilt flash across Ty’s eyes, “She’ll be fine… we don’t know what happened yet… Where are your other two band members?”
Ty’s gaze shifted slowly to his friends before he glanced at me and then finally back to Tobias. “They got hurt,” he admitted quietly, “You should take Anna Gray home, I think.”
“Why do you care?” I murmured and he grinned when he looked at me again.
“I have my reasons, Anna Gray. Tobias is too nice to tell you this, so I’ll do it for him… you need to hurry and finish your sundae so he can get you back to the house,” Ty stated with certainty before he turned around and walked off to his friends who got their ice creams and left.
I spun around to face Tobias, but he was staring into his sundae. “Tobias… what was that about?” I asked anyway but he kept shoveling ice cream into his mouth.
“We need to hurry,” he mumbled and I sighed but resumed eating my sundae.
We got back to the house about an hour before Jack had said we would be leaving, so I started getting ready.
At exactly 4 o’clock, there was a knock on my bedroom door. I inhaled a shaky breath as I glanced in the mirror at my short black dress with the studded belt and various ‘punk’ elements, which apparently made it completely appropriate for the concert; then I looked at my studded black ankle boots and the nearly three-inch heels on them. There was another soft knock and I exhaled harshly before I grabbed my tiny purse and tossed it over my shoulder.
When I opened the door, I watched Jack’s eyes move up from my shoes, slowly moving across my dress and finally making it up to my face, wide, and sparkling. He was wearing black jeans with a studded belt and a v-neck charcoal gray shirt that was made out of some really soft material. He grinned as he pushed off of the doorframe and held his hand out to me.
“You ready?” he queried and I barely nodded as I took his hand and pulled my door closed behind me, “You look… amazing….” He kept looking back at me as he led me downstairs and out the front door to the sports car that Tobias had wanted to drive earlier that day. He held the door open for me while I maneuvered my way into the passenger seat, then darted around and climbed into the driver’s seat and we were off.
“So why do you get to drive it and Tobias couldn’t?” I wondered and Jack laughed, glancing briefly over at me.
“Alex had it washed particularly so I could take you out in it tonight. Tobes can drive it another day, just not today,” Jack explained with a soft smile as his hand fell to rest on top of my hand on my knee, “I’m really glad you decided to come with me tonight.”
“Just how crazy did you drive everyone for the past week thinking about tonight?” I wondered and he laughed such a melodic laugh that my heart skipped.
“Pretty crazy,” he admitted with a grin that suddenly disappeared, “I heard you ran into Ty at the ice cream parlor….”
“He dropped in for a few minutes with two of his friends… I’m not entirely convinced he didn’t do it on purpose, but I can’t figure out how he would’ve known I was there…” I admitted with a shrug, “No harm done though, so no worries… Where are we going to eat?”
“This Japanese restaurant in the city right around the corner from the concert venue,” he stated, “The girls say it’s a nice enough place for a first date. Apparently my first choice didn’t meet their expectations.”
“What was your first choice?” I wondered and he chuckled softly.
“Sushi-Me… it’s back in town, and I can see where they were coming from,” he revealed with another soft laugh. He caught a glance of me while he was switching lanes on the interstate. “You look tired… why don’t you rest until we get there?” 
“Okay…” I agreed, because I was much, much too mentally worn out to argue with him. The dreams had been taking their toll on me, and Tobias and Ty being so strange at the parlor earlier hadn’t helped any. Plus actually going on my first date?! Speaking of first dates… I had told Austin about it with explicit instructions to not say a word to Jason. I was pleasantly surprised by how well Austin dealt with the news. He, of course, wanted to know the exact details of when and where and who, as well as when I’d be back at Alex’s and to remind me that sex isn’t for first dates. I’d nearly hung up on him at that point from sheer embarrassment! My brother, talking to me about sex!? Like I didn’t already know about it… And how could he even think I’d consider it after what had happened with Mark… Being intimate with someone… I had a bad feeling that was going to take some seriously slow acclimations to avoid any panic attacks or anything. The nice thing was that even though these guys were werewolves, totally supernatural gorgeous guys that could have any girl they wanted, and surely had the animal urges to boot, they never made me feel any kind of pressure, any kind of worry… I felt really comfortable around them, safe, I guess.
Jack caught me staring at him and lightly squeezed my hand as he finally got off of the interstate in the heart of the city.
“What’s going on in that pretty head of yours?” he quietly asked, looking directly at me while we were stopped at the red light at the off-ramp.
“I have a really weird… personal… question…” I murmured and he lifted a single eyebrow at me. “I would think… being werewolves and all… that you would have more… animalistic urges…” I faltered over the words and saw him trying to keep himself from smiling, “So do you? And if you do… why don’t I ever notice it…?”
“We do,” he admitted as he resumed driving down the road, “We also have impeccable self-control, and you are much too precious to us to ever show that part of ourselves to without your permission. Why in the world are you asking me that?”
I barely shrugged my shoulders, but he looked at me skeptically. “A whole series of thoughts starting with telling Austin about tonight and him telling me not to have sex.” I felt my face flush, but tried not to acknowledge it. Jack laughed as he turned into a parking garage, rolled down the window to retrieve a parking ticket, and then went through the gate into the sporadically lit cement maze.
“You’re too fragile…” Jack murmured beneath his breath, stopping the car in a spot near the elevator. He was out of the driver’s seat before I could blink and pulling my door open for me. He helped me out of the car, but I was looking at him in confusion.
“What… you’ll break me?” I pressed and his eyes briefly widened before I realized he had the silver around his pupils.
“I didn’t…” he sighed and barely shook his head, “I didn’t even mean to say that out loud… much less for you to hear it… I meant… mentally… fragile… I don’t want to scare you… or remind you of anything….” He sighed again before smiling softly at me, “No one wants to remind you of anything.”
I smiled distantly and shook my head. “So where is this restaurant?”
“Upstairs,” he answered softly, his hand sliding into mine as he led me to the elevator and we waited for it to get to our level, “It’s the top floor. You’re not scared of heights are you?”
“No…?” I replied in confusion. He laughed as we got into the elevator and he pressed the button for floor 65.
“I want to kiss you,” he suddenly stated and I looked up at him with still-flushed cheeks.
“Why don’t you?” I wondered, his fingers trailing across my cheek as I could almost see him thinking about it.
“I’m too excited… I don’t know that I could stop…” he whispered. He was only a breath away from me when the elevator doors opened and he laughed softly as he slowly stepped away. He was still holding onto my hand and gently pulled me off of the elevator behind him. 
The heights thing suddenly made a lot more sense. We were on the top floor all right, and the entire thing was glass. The walls were all glass, the ceiling was glass… there was even glass covering the floors with koi swimming under our feet. I absolutely froze and felt the pull on my hand before Jack turned back around to look at me and found me staring at the floor.
“It’s safe, I promise. That’s the super thick stuff they use at aquariums, you won’t fall through it,” he assured as I inhaled a shaky breath and tightened my grip on his hand, slowly and carefully following him over to the hostess stand.
I guess it was just koi swimming around over pebbles and little pathways that almost looked like a small city, but it still made me nervous, especially actually walking across it and feeling like the koi were following me. We reached a table beside one of the glass walls and Jack pulled my chair out for me, laughing when I sat down and kept glancing at the floor while he pushed the chair back under the table and sat down across from me.
“There are five koi under my feet… that isn’t normal…” I murmured, staring down at the fish swimming little figure-eights under my chair.
“You attract animals,” Jack chuckled as I finally looked up at him, “Ignore the fish, ignore the floor.” He motioned toward the wall and I looked out over the city with a silent gasp. “Enjoy the view.”
It was beautiful, and the sun was just starting to fall behind the tallest buildings casting lights and shadows across the cityscape. When I looked back at Jack, he was staring at me, watching me.
“I’ve never been on a date before…” I whispered and his lips curled into a soft smile.
“I know,” he replied.
“I don’t know what to say…”
“I know.” He reached across the table and took hold of my hand before the waitress appeared and took our drink orders. When she left, he was staring at me again. “Just be yourself, Anna… I like you for who you are.”
“But you aren’t being yourself,” I mumbled and he looked at me in confusion, “You’re usually joking around and being really silly and spontaneous… you’ve been being more and more serious lately….” The tiniest smile slipped onto his lips as he kept watching me. “Goofy Jack has a tendency to pop up right when I need a laugh….”
“Just wait til we get to the show,” he chuckled, squeezing my hand tighter, “I’m serious about you, Anna… so I guess I feel the need to at least show you that I can be more mature….”
“I know you can,” I murmured and he laughed softly before he nodded toward the menu.
“Figure out what you want to eat; anything at all, okay?” he insisted, and I nodded even though I knew I would never dream of getting something too expensive. Thankfully as I looked at the menu, the teriyaki chicken bento box sounded delicious and wasn’t too very pricey.
When the waitress came back with our drinks, we ordered our food, and I wasn’t even sort of surprised when Jack ordered steak and had it cooked rare and a sushi sampler.
“So how long have these dreams of yours been going on?” Jack queried and I darted my eyes up to him, startled, but found the silver still in his eyes, “I have permission to tune out for pretty much the whole night as long as I tune back in during part of the concert for a few other people.”
“Sometimes I think you’re reading my mind,” I laughed softly and he grinned.
“I wish I could… sometimes you just have your thoughts really clearly written across your face,” he replied seriously, “Most of the time I have absolutely no idea what’s going on in your head.”
“You’re really going to stay tuned out?” I pressed and he barely nodded his head, “So… Aeril doesn’t ever tell you what’s going on in my head?” His eyes widened, and the silver flickered but stayed. “The dreams started… sometime after I moved here… long before I found out the truth about you guys… but back then it was just wolves.”
“Aeril told you…” Jack faltered almost silently, “Anna… Alex will punish him if he finds out….”
“Then Alex won’t find out… will he…?” I pressed and Jack sighed as he barely shook his head, “Why did you ask about the dreams?”
“I’m curious what exactly they are…” he admitted with a faint smile as the sushi sampler arrived at the table and he insisted we share it. “If you had been having them longer, I wouldn’t think they were linked to us….”
“I’ve had them before… a really long time ago… back when I used to keep my sense-feeling thing open…” I mumbled, picking up a strip of eel with my chopsticks and barely looking up at Jack to find curiosity on his face.
“So the dreams are linked to your feelings…” he considered thoughtfully, “Maybe, at least….”
“Maybe,” I quietly admitted, “I still don’t understand why you care.”
“Call it cliché, but I want to know everything about you, Anna,” he remarked with a grin, “Every little teeny tiny thing.”
“That’s a little bit creepy,” I laughed and his grin shifted to a smile, “I can’t explain the dreams… and I can’t explain the feelings… what else do you want to know?”
“When were you adopted?” he questioned.
“Austin said I was a year and a half old… It’s not like I remember it or anything…” I murmured, shrugging my shoulders, “So if you were hoping for more information, I don’t have any… My dad said he has my birth parents’ names, but I haven’t asked, and I wasn’t really planning to ask….”
“I think I’d be curious if I were you,” he commented but I only shrugged my shoulders, “What do you get involved with in school besides… well, school?”
“I didn’t…” I stated, “I…” I was twirling my straw around in my cup, watching it dazedly. “Austin wouldn’t let me date… he kept everyone away from me… so I didn’t bother trying to get involved in anything… it would have just caused more problems….”
“Well, that isn’t a problem anymore… so what do you want to get involved with at school?” he pressed but I shrugged my shoulders, “Do you do any kind of art or music? Any sports? Theatre maybe?” I shrugged again and he frowned. “We’ll just have to find you something then.”
“You aren’t going to be at school,” I countered in confusion and he smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
“More of a general we. Everybody has something to be involved in, you can just join whoever until you find something you like,” he decided while the waitress placed our food on the table. When she was gone, we started eating and became more or less silent.
He laughed and I darted my gaze up to find him watching me. 
“What?” I blurted as he just smiled at me.
“You are so cute,” he chuckled, “I knew you were shy… but I didn’t realize just how shy you really are.”
“Shut up,” I mumbled in absolute embarrassment as my face shaded bright red but his eyes only sparkled brighter.
“Cute,” he chuckled before we resumed eating in near silence until we finished our meals. After he paid, he stood up and held his hand out to me, helping me up from my chair and holding my hand as he led me back to the elevator.
No sooner had the elevator doors closed than his fingers slid across my cheeks and he kissed me. They were slow, gentle kisses at first, but then they became more and only the ding of the elevator as we reached the ground floor caused him to stop. He very slowly backed away from me, his eyes searching my face as I spotted the panic in his. 
“Ahem,” an older man cleared his throat and both of us looked at him standing there with his wife. Jack’s hand slipped down into mine and he pulled me out of the elevator behind him.
“Sorry, excuse us sir,” Jack faintly apologized while I bit back a laugh and we walked into a marble entryway. He pulled me off to the side, up against a wall and spun around to face me. “Anna, I’m sorry,” he whispered, but the panic was almost instantly replaced with confusion when he found me stifling laughter.
“Austin stole my first kiss,” I started and his confusion worsened, “Right before I told him about what had happened with Mark… Stop worrying so much….” Before the words really finished leaving my mouth he kissed me again, just once, so sweetly that my heart melted.
“You scared the crap out of me,” he muttered, his fingers sliding across my cheeks again as he backed away, “Let’s get to the show before I do something stupid.”
I didn’t argue with him because he was definitely slipping up. He took hold of my hand and we were off again, outside this time and around the block to the arena and the line of people heading in the doors.
When we got inside and found our seats, even though we kept standing with everyone else, Jack was bouncing around like a little kid in a candy store. The show started a short time later, and it was really cool, actually. There were people in weird costumes on stage playing all kinds of random percussion instruments with occasional vocalists and regular musicians joining in. Lights and fog were everywhere, and shifting backgrounds that took us from some other planet to the jungle and to a field with the stars in the background, amongst other places. He was screaming and jumping around and dancing with nearly everyone else, and I was watching him and laughing until it was over.
When the show was over and we piled out of the arena with everyone else, Jack was trying to be calm, but that’s like saying a shaken up bottle of soda is trying not to explode. He looked at me and smiled and pulled me into a tight hug.
“That was amazing,” he managed to say before he let go of me. There was a change, so suddenly I was confused, as the silver slid out of his eyes and he turned deadly serious. His hand holding mine started to get really hot, but he pulled it away and curled it into a fist.
“Jack,” I whispered, but he wouldn’t even look at me until the silver slid back into his eyes.
“I’m going to kill him,” he growled under his breath, barely shaking his head, “Call your brother….”
I reached into my purse and pulled out my phone. No missed calls; but he was right, out there away from all the excitement, I started to get the feeling something was really wrong. I dialed home and Austin picked up after the first ring.
“Arianna… you’re okay,” he sighed in relief, “I know where you said you were… so I was trying not to worry… but….” 
Jason had apparently picked up another phone, because he suddenly burst in on the conversation. “Where are you, Arianna?” he demanded, but I felt my stomach sink even lower, they were both calling me by my full name.
“I’m in the city,” I answered evasively, “I’m fine. What’s going on over there? What’s wrong?”
“You have to stay there,” Austin insisted sternly, “It should be safer there… Mark… escaped… he killed three people and put five more in ICU while he did it….”
“What? When? Is Dad okay?” I panicked while Jack stood behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist.
“Sometime before dawn this morning… the cops were keeping it quiet because they thought they could find him… Dad sent Jay and me out on a bunch of errands to keep us out of the house…” Austin continued hesitantly, “Arianna… Dad’s missing….”
“She should come home!” Jason blurted, but I was frozen in shock.
“Do not come home, Arianna. We don’t know where Mark has gone… we don’t know where Dad is… Amy invited Jason and me to come stay there… But you need to stay away from here. Stay in the city tonight, okay?” Austin insisted and I barely nodded my head, knowing fully well he couldn’t see me. I couldn’t think clearly, and I felt my phone slip out of my hand, but never heard the crash of plastic on cement.
“I’m sorry, Anna,” Jack whispered in my ear. “She’ll stay in the city, I’ll keep an eye on her,” Jack recited into the phone and I flinched.
“Who is this?! Why do you have Anna’s phone?!” Jason hollered so loudly I could hear him.
“All right,” Austin agreed with a sigh, “We’ll keep you posted.”
“Goodnight,” Jack finalized and hung up the call before he slipped my phone back into my purse. “Let’s get to a hotel and we can talk, all right?” he whispered across my ear and I barely nodded my head again as he took hold of my hand and gently pulled me along with him. When I finally looked over at him while we waited at a crosswalk, he was completely tense.
“Jack…” I started, but he shook his head and smiled softly at me.
“At the hotel,” he reiterated. 
We walked across the street to what turned out to be a really fancy hotel and Jack nearly forced me to sit down in a chair in the lobby while he went up to the front counter. I pulled my phone back out to take it off of silent, but there were text messages from Jason, and I clicked into them despite knowing I shouldn’t.
You’re on a date with Jack? How could you go on a date!? How could you not tell me?!
He was mad, and hurt, and I knew he would be which is why I had avoided telling him… Jack’s hand locked around my phone and he took it out of my grasp, shoving it in his back pocket while I looked up at him in confusion.
“I think you have enough to deal with right now. You don’t need to add your little brother’s anger to it,” he quietly remarked, holding a card out to me, “Your copy of the key… let’s get upstairs.”
We rode up the elevator in silence to the 60th floor and stepped off directly into a large living room. There was food on the table, and I could see clothes, robes, and basic bathroom necessities sitting on the humongous bed through the other door. I turned back to look at Jack and he laughed distantly.
“There are more people coming… but suffice it to say, Alex put us up in the Penthouse as an apology… I told him it wasn’t enough of an apology,” Jack stated, slowly shaking his head and going to sit on the sofa while I wandered around to look at everything. “Alex knew about Mark first thing this morning… Alex knew Mark was the one who hurt Violet… he had a bunch of the guys out tracking him, but told us that the guys were watching the house, and told Caiden and Tobias that the guys were at the hospital… so he kept the whole thing a big secret….” He trailed off when he realized I had stopped and turned around to face him.
“What do you mean, Mark hurt Violet?” I barely heard my own voice.
“Mark is a troll, Anna… they’re big, they’re built like rocks, a little on the dumb side, and extremely possessive…” Jack calmly explained, “For whatever reason… he’s taken an interest in you… We thought we’d taken care of him, but they’re not easy to kill… and now he’s really pissed off….”
I sank to the floor and Jack was immediately off of the sofa and at my side. “Mark is a troll? So the troll doll… and you guys knew and didn’t tell me?” I pressed while Jack turned my head to face him.
“Alex ordered us not to,” he reasoned, “He thought knowing what Mark was would just freak you out even more….”
“The little dancing lights… are those faeries?” I questioned and saw his pupils dilate and constrict with the silver still around them.
“I can’t…” Jack sighed, his gaze falling to the floor, “I wish that I could, Anna….”
“Who did he send to look for Mark? Why haven’t they found him?”
“Malcolm, Rayne, Aeril, Farren, and Evan… he didn’t even tell us Evan was home…” Jack muttered in annoyance, “They tracked the troll right out of the state, out of the country, and came back when they lost him somewhere over near Alaska… All of them but Malcolm are on their way here… Malcolm is looking for your dad… he’s our best tracker.” His eyes suddenly darted to the elevator doors and he smiled faintly, “Actually, that’s them… Looks like you get to meet Evan finally.”
“Why do you say it like that…?” I muttered and he looked back at me with concern in his eyes.
“Evan is the fourth in your little group… but Evan can’t talk,” he stated just before the elevator doors opened and Rayne, Farren, Aeril, and a young guy with mischievous yellow-gold eyes beneath shaggy dark auburn hair, stepped into the room. That was clearly Evan, and his yellow-gold eyes inspected me curiously while he sat down on the sofa with Farren, but Rayne and Aeril were almost instantly beside me. Something about the way Evan was watching me so intently had me staring back at him in confusion until he smiled faintly and waved.
“Where’s my dad?” I demanded, still staring at Evan, not sure why I thought he would have an answer but so sure that he did. He barely shrugged his shoulders and I glared at him. I pushed myself to my feet and walked past everyone and into the bedroom before I closed the door and flipped the lock. I sat down on the bed and focused on my bad feelings, sorting through whom each one was coming from. What I found where Dad’s feelings usually came from, wasn’t the worry and fear and panic that everyone else was feeling… it was guilt… and love… and numbness…. I focused so hard on the feeling, I swear I heard him speak… “I love you kids.” But then all of the feelings disappeared and I realized tears were flowing out of my eyes. “No,” I muttered, my eyes opening as I grabbed the nearest thing and threw it across the room, barely hearing the shattering glass as I shook my head, “No!”
“Anna?” Jack called in a panic at the door, jiggling the locked doorknob, “Anna, open the door, please.”
I didn’t even try to stop crying as I walked over to the door and pulled it open. “What?” I murmured coldly, but Jack’s gaze fell to the floor and he suddenly picked me up and placed me on the sofa.
“Did you not even realize you were just walking on broken glass?” he demanded with worry written across his face while Rayne and Aeril disappeared into other rooms. Rayne came back with towels while Aeril went into the bedroom with a small broom and a dustpan. “What happened?” Jack insisted, but a hand wrapped around my wrist and sent a strange chill across my skin as I looked up at Evan.
“I’m sorry about your dad,” Evan whispered and I looked at him in wide-eyed shock before he smiled distantly and walked over to Aeril. A second later, Aeril dropped the broom and turned around to face me, horror in his eyes.
“Arianna,” Aeril uttered with such regret in his voice that even Rayne stopped picking glass out of my bloody feet to look over at him. “Shit….”
I could literally feel the tension spread around the room before Rayne bandaged my feet and picked me up from the sofa, heading toward the elevator doors.
“Rayne, what are you doing?” I questioned while he pressed the button for the elevator and balanced me carefully in his arms.
“I’m breaking from the pack and taking you away from here…” Rayne murmured nonchalantly but I started struggling to get down which made him hold me tighter.
“Rayne, no!” I blurted, “You can’t! I can’t leave my brothers!”
“I’ll tell them where we are… I’m not going to let this stupid pack cause you any more grief,” Rayne muttered, “I can protect you….”
“You can protect me from a troll all by yourself? Didn’t he break Violet’s back?” I pressed, fully aware of Aeril and Farren blocking Jack into the living room area, “Put me down, Rayne.”
“I can’t trust Alex anymore… and I can’t trust him with you,” Rayne sighed, shaking his head, “I can’t do it, Arianna… I love you, and I can’t trust him to keep you safe anymore.”
I froze as I looked up at him, wondering why the elevator was taking so long when it suddenly chimed open.
“Rayne, please don’t do this,” I pleaded, his gaze falling down to me. He started to step into the elevator, except Evan was standing in his way. He shook his head once and I felt Rayne flinch before he turned around and walked into the bedroom, placing me on the bed.
“Call your brother… Malcolm found your dad…” Rayne muttered, sighing before he walked back into the living room area. Evan walked into the doorway, his eyes searching my face before he smiled distantly and pulled the door partly closed.
I picked up my cell phone with shaking hands. It wasn’t possible, was it? My dad couldn’t be dead… could he? I was barely able to click on Austin’s number, and tears streamed from my eyes when he answered.
“Arianna, are you okay?” Austin instantly asked and my heart sank even deeper. “Arianna?” 
I inhaled a shaky breath. “I’m okay, Austin, but…” I faltered and heard absolute silence in the background of the end of his phone, “Austin… I still have my feelings open… and everyone panicking was troublesome… but… I realized… that I wasn’t getting that from D… Dad….”
“Arianna, what’s wrong with Dad?” Austin demanded, his voice cracking.
“D… Dad… I… um… he’s gone, Austin,” I whispered, sniffling while Austin went deadly silent.
“Are you sure…?” 
“I wish I wasn’t,” I whimpered, falling onto the bed and burying my face in the pillows, “I’m sorry, Austin….”
“It’s not your fault, Arianna…” he whispered, “Are you safe where you are? Is Jack still there with you?”
“He’s in the other room, but he’s here… I’m fine,” I assured quietly, “But I think it really is my fault, Austin… I think… I think it was Mark… I think he’s mad he can’t find me….”
“All the better reason for you to stay out of the way where he can’t get to you. Don’t do anything stupid, Arianna,” Austin insisted seriously, “Stay where you are or I’ll call Jack and tell him to tie you up to keep you there if he has to.”
I laughed through my tears and heard him chuckle distantly. “I won’t do anything stupid, I promise,” I swore and Austin sighed, “Are you going to tell Jay?”
“I kind of have to…” Austin grumbled, “I don’t get why you didn’t want him here, Anna… he really likes that Trina girl….”
“Oh?” I mumbled, feeling the anger well in my chest, “I should let you get off the phone… I think I’m just going to try to sleep….”
“All right… I love you, Arianna,” he concluded, “I’ll call Mom tomorrow, too.”
“Love you,” I whispered, “Bye….”
I hung up the call and quit trying to hold back my anger, sadness, and frustration as I just cried until I fell asleep.

“Anna,” Jack gently called, his hand resting on my shoulder lightly shook me awake as I moved enough to look at him, “It’s morning… Mark hasn’t been spotted coming back across the border or anything… the cops officially declared your father’s death… it’s time to get you home… Why don’t you get washed up and we’ll get out of here?”
“Do I look that bad?” I laughed halfheartedly and he smiled sweetly as he brushed my hair away from my face, lightly kissing my forehead.
“You always look beautiful to me,” he quietly recited, “Get washed off, cleaned up, change clothes… Breakfast is on its way up.”
I only nodded before he kissed my forehead again and walked out of the bedroom, closing the door behind him.
When I got to the bathroom, I laughed. Jack was way too nice to me… Makeup was smeared across my face and my eyes were puffy and red from crying, plus my new bangs were sticking straight up in the air. Dad hadn’t even seen my new haircut…. Tears stung my eyes before I jumped into a hot shower, letting the water wash my tears down the drain.
When I got out of the shower, and was wrapped in a towel, I heard a commotion in the living room and snuck across the bedroom to peek out the door.
“I can worry about her if I want to,” Ty hissed angrily, his icy blue eyes darting over to me as my face shaded pink and I closed and locked the door. “Evan, I’m surprised you haven’t said anything to them.” 
I scrunched my eyes in confusion, but darted over and tossed on the jeans and shirt laid out on the bed. I threw my hair up into a wet ponytail and opened the door again, stepping into the middle of their argument as Ty instantly looked over at me.
“What are you doing here, Ty? How did you even know where I was?” I interrogated and he laughed, his eyes sparkling.
“They haven’t told you?” he responded inquisitively, “I’m fae, Anna Gray. I can find you if I want to.”
“You’re… what?” I faltered and his lips curled up into a grin.
“I’m a faerie,” he reiterated, “Little winged people linked to nature…? Don’t get along very well with werewolves…? You had no idea….” He was nearly laughing, but my mind was going back to the first time the little dancing lights had appeared in my dream… it had been right after Jack’s birthday party, right after I had met Ty, and there had been rock music in the background of the woods.
“My dreams are real…” I whispered, watching his gaze grow more curious, “Are there other faeries around here? Are they hurt?”
“Two of my band mates are missing,” Ty answered seriously, “Do you know where they are?”
“The troll doll ate them… in my dreams… at least…” I muttered distractedly, shaking my head, “I guess the troll… Mark… if all of it’s real….”
“It’s real, Anna,” it was Evan again and I darted my gaze up to him in confusion, “It’s all real.”
“Trolls don’t eat faeries… but a troll would consume a fae’s magic…” Ty considered, “If that’s the case… they will have automatically been sent back to Faerie to recuperate….”
“Anna… would you please ask him to leave? Since he refuses to listen to anyone else,” Jack requested in a completely disgruntled voice but Ty waved him off.
“I’m leaving. I have to check on my friends. But you had best keep Anna Gray safe,” Ty finalized. He smiled at me, and then he was gone. Just there one second, and gone the next. The elevator doors opened and the poor waiter looked startled to find us all standing around.
“Um… room service,” he announced and Jack motioned him inside and instructed him to just leave the cart before he tipped the very scared waiter who slipped back into the elevator and away.
“Breakfast is ready…” Jack murmured while I crossed the room to find a tray full of pancakes. I rested my head against his chest and felt him flinch in surprise before he slid his arm around my waist and pulled me closer. “I’m so sorry about your dad, Anna…” he whispered and I shrugged my shoulders.
“Shit happens…” I mumbled, staring blankly across the room, “I don’t know what’s going to happen now though… I will not live with my mother… ever again….”
“She should be able to name Austin as yours and Jason’s legal guardian…” Jack considered with a sigh, “We shouldn’t be talking about this right now… we need to get back to the house, to your brothers….”
I didn’t say a word as I collected a small plate of food and went and sat down on the sofa, staring blankly at the t.v. that I hadn’t even noticed before then.
Only a moment later, Rayne was sitting beside me and Aeril beside him, and then Farren sat down in the chair beside me, Evan sat down on the table, and Jack walked up behind the sofa and rested his hands on either side of my head.
“None of us are thrilled about taking you back to the house…” Jack murmured and I grinned to myself. 
Very smart, getting Jack to tell me that… I’d expect it from the rest of you, but not so much from Alex’s right-hand man.
“This isn’t a ploy, Anna,” Farren interjected while I wondered just who all Aeril was communicating my thoughts to, “What Alex did yesterday was wrong on so many levels and we don’t trust him anymore. Especially not with you….”
“What part of what he did yesterday was wrong? And Aeril better stay out of this,” I countered, but Rayne’s hand slid down my arm and I darted my attention to him.
“All of it, including letting your little brother meet Trina when he knew you didn’t want them to meet,” Rayne replied and I laughed distantly, “We need to get you back to your family… that’s really our only goal right now. We intend to, and he knows it, keep Alex away from you.”
“He won’t cooperate,” I muttered, absolutely certain that he wouldn’t, “He thinks what he did was to protect the pack… maybe me… but definitely all of you… Despite the results, he believes he did the right thing.” I ate my food and stared blankly across the room. “Why did Ty know where we were? Who else knows?”
“We didn’t tell him… We don’t want him anywhere near you,” Jack growled behind me and I laughed distantly.
“Then why did he know where I was?”
“Because he’s a faerie,” Evan remarked and I darted my eyes to him, “Go ahead if you want, I won’t stop you; but they won’t understand either.” I narrowed my eyes before I barely lifted a finger to point at him.
“If he can’t talk, why do I keep hearing him talk?” I finally asked, not looking away from Evan who stared calmly back at me.
“That isn’t possible,” Farren remarked in confusion.
“He knows I can hear him,” I muttered as Evan barely inclined his head in acknowledgment.
“Maybe you just think you hear him?”Aeril suggested and I sighed as I sank deeper into the sofa and started eating again.
“Tell Jack I said he broke his ankle when he was five and wasn’t paying attention when he was running through the woods in wolf form,” Evan stated, providing me information I could never know on my own, but I barely shook my head, “He’ll believe you if you do.”
“Jack, Evan says when you were five, you broke your ankle running through the woods in your wolf form,” I uttered between bites, but I felt his hands clench the back of the sofa.
“And Farren burned down the old garage by trying to have a bonfire at the house when he was sixteen,” Evan continued and I sighed again.
“Evan also says Farren burned down the garage with a bonfire,” I recited, disinterested by then, but Farren was leaning forward in his seat, “Oh… when you were sixteen.” I glanced briefly at Farren to find his gaze darting between Evan and me.
“Now they pretty much believe you. They just don’t understand how it’s possible so that’s stopping them from fully believing you…” Evan reasoned but I looked up at him again.
“How is it possible?” I pressed, “And you do know, so don’t act like you don’t.”
“I do, but I can’t tell you right now,” Evan answered with a distant smile, “They believe you now.”
“How is this even possible…?” Rayne whispered in a breath as my eyes shifted slowly to him, but he was staring at Evan, “I see his lips moving… but I don’t hear him….”
“We should really get you to your brothers, Arianna,” Evan commented and my heart thumped against my ribcage. 
One of the last places I wanted to be, was near my brothers, especially after realizing that my father’s death was my fault. That was selfish, though… so I pushed myself to my feet after I finished my food, and walked into the bedroom. I picked up my phone only to realize I had several missed calls and a few text messages.
I’m so sorry about your dad, Anna… Just tell me what I can do to help. ANYTHING I can do to help… That one was from Lissa.
Anna… are you okay? Your brothers are here… but you aren’t… the guys said they had you somewhere safe, I just… I’m sorry, about your father… but right now, I just wish I could see you to make sure you’re okay. That one was surprisingly from Tobias. He was always so quiet… I guess he actually was shy….
I’m sorry… about everything with Caiden and Rai… especially now with your dad… Gods, I’m sorry… Caiden’s worried about you… he won’t say it, but I can tell… and he keeps checking his phone… if you get this… could you maybe just let him know you’re okay? Let me know what I can do for you… I’m really really sorry… :( That one was from Sage, and barely made me smile; I wasn’t even thinking about that whole Caiden-Rai-Sage fiasco… but obviously it was bothering her.
I called Mom… I’m sure she’ll try to reach you even though I told her not to bother you; it’s up to you if you talk to her or not right now. She said she *would* come back, but her mother isn’t feeling well, and ‘what with Mark still on the loose’… I doubt we’ll see her anytime soon. I hope you get here soon, Arianna… I love you, sis. That one was clearly from Austin, but it made me so mad at my mother that I nearly broke my phone.
I will be happy to help you in any way I can with your loss. Just say the word, Anna Gray. But best to keep your wolves at bay. –Ty I stared at that one for a really long time wondering how in the world he had gotten my cell phone number.
In the missed calls were Michaela, Jason, Alex (my phone was really almost crushed then), and my mother. I reluctantly listened to voicemails. The first was Jason, and he kept going from angry to sad and back again throughout the message; angry that I wasn’t there, that I had gone out with Jack, sad that I wasn’t giving him a chance, about Dad… he ended the message just by saying ‘Come home, Arianna,’ and I felt tears welling in my eyes. The next message was from Alex, and again, I nearly crushed my phone from the anger that I felt. He was apologizing for my loss, saying he had never intended for my father to get caught up in things, but there was no real regret in his voice, and he didn’t mention my brothers aside from to say they were safe at the house. 
Then my mother’s voice clicked on. ‘I’m going to turn over legal guardianship of you and Jason to Austin. I just…’ she got choked up for a minute, ‘This is all too much….’
I didn’t realize I’d done it until it was much, much too late. My phone was in a bunch of pieces on the floor, and Rayne stood calmly in the doorway, his hazel eyes watching me closely as I suddenly found myself wondering just how long he’d been standing there.
“I need to borrow a phone,” I mumbled, remembering Sage’s request, and Rayne walked over and held his cell phone out to me. I typed in Caiden’s name and hit call when his number popped up.
“Hey,” Caiden greeted when he picked up the phone, but in my silence, he grew worried, confused… I could sense all of that… “Arianna…?” His voice was a whisper.
“Yes,” I answered almost silently, “I just… I’m all right… okay? I don’t want you worrying about me….”
He laughed distantly. “Did Sage say something to you…?” 
“Yeah,” I admitted quietly and he laughed softly again.
“If you’re all right, why are you calling me from Rayne’s phone?”
“I broke mine… We’re coming back to the house soon… if there’s any possible way you and anyone else can keep Alex away from me, for at least a while, I would really appreciate it.” I heard my voice turn into a hiss when I said his name, it felt like venom on my lips.
“I’ll see what I can do. Maybe…” he hesitated a second, “Maybe they could take you to the basement… if we can’t keep Alex away that is….”
The phone suddenly disappeared from my hand and I darted my gaze up to Rayne as he put it to his ear.
“Just tell Alex if he comes near her, I’m leaving, with her,” Rayne clearly recited into the phone, “I’ll tell her you said goodbye… try not to let your brother know you spoke with her… we have enough problems right now.” He hung up the call and smiled softly at me. “Did you need it for anything else?” he asked and I barely nodded as he handed it back to me.
I clicked into the text messages, and started one to Tobias.
It’s Anna… I broke my phone. We’ll be there in a little while, okay? I clicked send and only waited a minute before I sent essentially the same message to Austin.
What do you mean you broke your phone? Austin replied and I groaned.
I might have thrown it at the wall after I listened to Mom’s voicemail… it wasn’t intentional… I was about to hit send when Rayne lightly touched my shoulder and motioned toward the door where Jack was standing.
“We’ll drop by the store on the way home and get you a new one… None of us want you to be without a phone…” Jack remarked and I barely nodded my head, “But we really have to leave… Farren is downstairs checking us out right now.”
I barely nodded again and bit back tears as I added to the message: Jack says we’re going to stop and get me a new phone. We’ll be there soon. I finished it and hit send.
Good. Whose phone is this? Austin answered instantly.
It’s Rayne’s… don’t pester him. I replied with a sigh while grabbing my few things into a laundry bag and following the guys onto the elevator.
I don’t feel like you’re okay, Anna… Don’t hurry too much, they’re organizing a way to block Alex while you get upstairs to your room. That was from Tobias and I smiled softly as I handed the phone back to Rayne.
“Thanks,” I laughed distantly, staring at the floor of the elevator. Jack’s hand slid into mine just as we reached the ground floor.
“Tell them bye for now… the car won’t fit anyone else,” he gently instructed as we walked out of the hotel and headed toward the parking garage while Farren fell into step with us.
We stopped inside the parking garage and I recognized the SUV parked beside the sports car as having come from Alex’s house. Jack let go of my hand, but took the bag from me and put it inside the trunk of the car while I looked up at Rayne, Evan, Aeril, and Farren and smiled half-heartedly.
“I guess I’ll see you back at the house…” I mumbled, but Aeril suddenly pulled me into a hug and tears I had been trying to hold back slipped out of my eyes.
“You won’t see him when you get there… we will make sure of it,” Aeril promised, backing away enough to gently wipe the tears from my eyes before he kissed my cheek. When he released his hold on me, Rayne pulled me into a tight embrace. Hug versus embrace… what was the difference? I didn’t use to think there was one, but Aeril’s was a hug, Rayne’s was more, and he didn’t say a word before he let go of me and smiled distantly while Evan held the car door open for me.
“We’ll see you at the house,” Farren contributed while I barely nodded and got into the passenger seat before Evan pushed the door closed.
The car purred to life when Jack turned the key in the ignition, but he still had the parking brake up as he leaned across the middle console, sliding his fingers across my cheeks as his thumbs brushed away the tears and he softly pressed his lips to mine. The kisses became nearly desperate, but that was my doing, and he slowly pulled back, searching my eyes.
“Oh, Anna,” he whispered, “I would love nothing more than to become your distraction from everything… and I would… if I didn’t think you’d regret it later.”
“It’s not…” I faltered, my face red as I stared down at the gear shift, “That’s not…” I sighed and barely shook my head, “You make me feel safe, Jack… and I’m… comfortable with you… in a way that I’m not comfortable with any of the others….” I trailed off for a long minute, not looking up at him even though I could feel him staring at me, “But that doesn’t make it right for me to use you… Because I’m still in love with Rayne….”
Jack laughed hollowly and I finally looked up to find his emerald gaze distant, the silver still ringing his pupils. “I know you are,” he muttered, “You’ve turned me against my pack leader… but I can’t get you away from Rayne….”
“Jack…” I whimpered and he smiled distantly.
“It isn’t your fault that I don’t trust Alex anymore… he did that himself… it just wouldn’t have happened if you weren’t here…” Jack reasoned with a faint chuckle, “Well… it wouldn’t have happened so quickly if you weren’t here….”
“I don’t want to cause problems between you and Alex…” I sighed, but Jack suddenly jolted in his seat and turned around to face the front of the car. I followed his gaze out the windshield, but I didn’t understand… there was nothing there. “What is it?” I whispered almost silently.
“It’s time to go,” Jack decided, carefully maneuvering out of the parking garage before taking off down the city streets.
“Jack…?” I whispered worriedly as he sped through the city and out onto the interstate.
“I want to know why Ty is so interested in you… why he can find you…” Jack considered quietly, “He said he was leaving… and yet I could sense him outside of the car….”
“Does it really matter?” I wondered and he laughed distantly.
“Yes…” he mumbled, “No… I don’t know… I’m worried it matters, but I don’t know if it does or not… We don’t get along with the fae… I want to know what he wants with you….”
“Have you tried asking him?” I pressed, catching the brief disgust that flashed across Jack’s face.
“Never trust a faerie to be telling the truth… They all lie, and they all lie in really sneaky ways that sound like truths,” Jack grumbled, “So no… I haven’t asked him. I wouldn’t believe him no matter what he said.”
“What if I ask him…?” I wondered, feeling the shift of the car when he jerked the steering wheel just a little too hard.
“Please, Anna… we have enough problems on our hands… just stay away from Ty and the faeries….” Jack requested with such pleading in his voice that I couldn’t really tell him no… I also couldn’t tell him I would because I wasn’t going to avoid Ty, I just wouldn’t go out of my way to see him.
As we were driving, dark clouds shifted over us, and it very suddenly began pouring rain. When we stopped at the phone store, we darted through the sudden torrential downpour, and I made Jack wait out of the way while I got the new phone from the clerk, who, thankfully, didn’t give me too much of a sales speech because I really wasn’t in the mood to try to deal with something like that. When I met back up with Jack after getting the phone, he seemed more upset than when I had left him, but he only led me back through the rain, out to the car and started toward the house again, thankfully at a slower speed since the roads were wet and the storm seemed to be following us home.
“Jack… what’s wrong?” I questioned for probably the fifth time as we got into town. He carefully pulled the car off on the side of the road, turned in his seat, and his intense gaze landed on me while I tried to tune out the patter of raindrops on the roof.
“The sales guy at the store… what were you doing to him?” Jack insisted, but I looked at him in blatant confusion, “Besides giving off a really strong ‘don’t mess with me vibe,’ you were doing something else to keep him from giving his sales pitches….”
“I really don’t know what you’re talking about…” I murmured, tilting my head to one side while his fingers slid across my cheek and brushed my hair behind my ear, a distant look growing in his eyes.
“I have a bad feeling,” he admitted almost silently, “That these things you can do are the reason why Ty is interested in you….”
“But you won’t ask him?” I reiterated and he smiled faintly but shook his head. I saw his eyes widen, and his arms wrapped around me, pulling me out of my seat and across the car into his lap as I distantly wondered what had happened to my seatbelt just before something slammed into the side of the car and I blacked out.





Chapter 8

“Anna… Anna, wake up…” That wasn’t Jack’s voice worriedly calling to me as I fought to focus on it. “Come on, Anna…” There it was again, but the more I woke up, the more aware I became of pain, sounds of fighting, growling, wet cement beneath me. I groaned as my pulse pounded achingly in my head and I could tell the sun was much too bright. “Hold on a second…” The voice came again and then I heard the snap of an umbrella and the bright sunlight stopped scorching against my eyelids as I managed to open them and found Evan kneeling beside me with the umbrella open over my head while I realized there were still dark clouds above us, but it was what was behind him that made me gasp. The car was totaled; it was nearly broken in half and formed an L-shape, more or less…. The part that had me pushing on the sidewalk to sit up wasn’t the fact that it was totaled, it was the side that was caved in, the passenger side, the side that had been off the road facing the field beyond the car. “It’s the troll,” Evan stated and my eyes darted to him as I flinched when the shock of pain ran down my head and neck, “I need to go help them… Sybil is going to help you.” I had heard the name before, but I had never met Sybil and Evan smiled softly. “Kiris is going to move you to the car, Sybil is going to help you, but they aren’t going to explain anything to you… Alex won’t let them… They’re going to take you back to the house and we’ll be there shortly. Get dried off and get some rest as soon as you’re at the house, okay?” I only barely nodded my head once before he looked past me and nodded his head. His yellow-gold eyes met mine and he closed his for a long moment, opening them and waiting until I closed my eyes as the sunlight burst forth behind my eyelids again and I found myself wondering why the barely-lit sky suddenly seemed so bright to me.
“Hi, Anna… I’m Kiris, you can call me Kris… Evan’s implying the light is hurting your eyes?” Kiris recited and I was confused because from the name, I had really expected a sulking Russian guy or something, but he sounded just as American as the rest of them. I managed to barely nod my head while I felt an arm slide under my knees and one wrap around my waist, and then there was air beneath me, but he was warm, werewolf warm. “So, Sybil and I are going to take you back to the house where it’s safe and get you cleaned up. And don’t worry, we got word to keep Alex away from you.” I sighed but let the werewolf warmth engulf me, that is, until he stopped walking and got really tense. “What do you want, fae?” Kiris growled and I felt the rumble in his chest as he seemed to work to contain his anger.
“Get the metal out of her neck,” Ty hissed and my eyes darted open and sped over to him despite the searing pain running across my neck and into my head and the ridiculously bright sunshine, but that time, the clouds weren’t so dark, the storm was passing. “Get it out now.” His eyes were glowing, the blue almost non-existent in them he was so furious.
“Troll,” Kiris dismissed, motioning toward the car as it suddenly all sank in and I looked over towards the car. That damage… Mark had caused it… Mark was here. Kiris’ arms tightened around me when I started moving, but I managed to get down and backed further away from the totaled car. “Anna…” Kiris beckoned with restrained anger and I actually took a second to look at him, confusion slipping into my eyes before I heard more fighting and looked past the totaled car again. Kiris’ facial structure was familiar, despite his spiked ash-blonde hair and strange yellow eyes; despite the clear difference in coloring, he looked like Aeril. “Anna, we need to get you out of here, you’re hurt,” Kiris tried again while I lifted a shaking arm and saw the bits of glass embedded in my skin and streams of red blood flowing down my arm.
“Get the metal out of her neck,” Ty repeated in a growl and I glanced at him again to find wispy bits of smoke billowing around him while my shaking hand started towards my neck but the look in his eyes made me stop, “Don’t touch it any more than you already are.”
There was suddenly a little girl standing at my side with short rusty red hair and deep brown eyes. She smiled as she reached for my neck with both hands, one hand pressing solidly against my skin while pain flashed through me when her other hand latched onto something that was sticking out of my skin.
“Don’t move,” she whispered gently, but I gasped when I felt the chunk slide out of my skin and the hand on my neck slid over the cut. Ty pushed her out of the way and I caught sight of the three-inch metal shard in her hand before his fingers slid across my neck.
“Why do you care?” I muttered, trying to distract myself from the tingling in my neck where his fingers kept sliding back and forth across my skin. His lips curled into the faintest smile as I realized the billowing smoke was gone and his eyes were icy blue again.
“What is there to make one care?” Ty queried in reply, his hands sliding down my arms and his gaze following after them as I felt more of that tingling. I realized distantly that the sounds around us were muted, the fear was gone, there was a coldness seeping into my skin that was soothing.
“You don’t seem to want me… not like they do… but you keep showing up when there’s trouble…” I reasoned, glancing down at my arms to find the bits of glass gone, the streams of blood were dried, not flowing fresh, “Jack seems certain you have a reason for your interest in me… but he thinks you won’t tell him the truth.”
“Because I can’t,” Ty answered softly, “I would if I didn’t think it would upset you… you aren’t ready to know, yet… Let them take you to the wolf house, it is safer there.”
“That’s where we were going before you stopped us,” I countered and he smiled distantly as his fingers slid across my neck again.
“The longer it was there… the more damage it would do… you have a mild metal allergy, don’t you?” Ty questioned and I barely nodded my head.
“But how do you know that…?” I pressed, the faint smile slipping onto his lips again, “You won’t tell me anything, will you…?”
When his hands finally fell back to his sides, the wind was howling and only a few remaining clouds blotted out the afternoon sun, but I couldn’t hear the sounds of fighting anymore and looked behind him toward the totaled car.
“They’re gone… they chased him out of town for the moment…” Ty murmured, “It doesn’t mean you’re safe… get to the wolf house….”
“Why?” I demanded but he only sighed and shook his head.
“Because you’re safe there,” he insisted, pushing me backwards as I stumbled back a step and felt warm arms wrap around my shoulders, “As much as I would love to, I cannot protect you from that troll on my own.”
Kiris turned me toward an SUV and I climbed into the back seat with Sybil while he climbed into the driver’s seat and we left. But as we drove away, I looked back to find fury in Ty’s eyes again just before he disappeared, and I spotted the totaled car again just before we rounded a corner and it went out of sight.
“They aren’t going to like that he healed you…” Kiris murmured under his breath, “You smell like faerie magic now….”
“He helped… isn’t that what matters?” I wondered and Kiris laughed hollowly.
“What will he want in return for his help? Don’t think a faerie gives away magic like that for free…” Kiris mumbled as we pulled up to the house only to find Austin standing outside the front door, his blue eyes worried until they landed on me, “Now you get to explain things to your brother….”
His words sank in as deep as the shard of metal had been. I was covered in dried blood, but there wasn’t a scratch on me anywhere. Before I could come up with a logical explanation, Austin was pulling the door open and pulling me out of the car and into a hug.
“I’m so glad you’re okay,” he whispered across my ear, his hand running into my hair to the back of my head as he took a step back and his eyes scanned across me, “They said there was a wreck… that you would be fine, but…” He trailed off for a minute as his eyes scanned across me again. “But then Jack came back in such bad shape and you weren’t here and I was getting really worried….” His questioning gaze slid up to me, but I had a more important question.
“Jack’s hurt?” I blurted and he barely nodded his head, “He’s here?” Another slight nod before he took hold of my hand and started walking into the house. We wound our way up to the second floor and he started towards the door that Caiden was walking out of and pulling closed behind him.
“She wants to see Jack,” Austin announced, and Caiden’s startled deep brown eyes darted up to me.
“Doctor’s orders, he has to rest,” Caiden managed to say directly to me before he looked at my brother, “Sorry… she should be resting, too.”
“Caiden,” I coldly uttered and he slowly looked at me again, “Let me see Jack or I’ll call your brother.”
“You wouldn’t,” he gasped almost silently, but I just stared at him until he sighed and pushed the door open, “Only you, Anna… Not your brother.”
Austin’s hand slid out of mine as I stepped through the door while Caiden pulled it closed behind me. Jack looked pretty beaten up… not as bad as I had worried he would, but still worse than I had really seen any of the wolves looking. I crawled into his oversized bed beside him and took hold of his hand while I just stared at the rise and fall of his chest.
“I thought I told you to stay away from Ty,” he murmured and a tiny smile pulled up on my lips, “You smell like him… like faerie magic….”
“You can tell me to stay away from him all you want… he’s the one that keeps coming to me… kind of like you guys did when I first moved here…” I quietly considered, startled when he rolled over onto his side to face me. The pupils of his emerald eyes were ringed with silver again as he inspected my face.
“Were you badly hurt? I tried to get you out of the way as soon as I saw him…” he worriedly asked while I barely shook my head.
“What happened to you? Why was Caiden trying to keep me out of here?” I wondered while his fingers started brushing my hair out of my face.
“Troll broke my leg… I’ll be fine. Caiden reset it. Apparently, Alex has decided it’s a bad idea for me to be near you… apparently I’m staying tuned out too much, and I’m more or less turning my back on the pack,” Jack reasoned while I chewed on my lip.
“So what… Now I can’t pick you either?” I pressed and Jack chuckled softly, barely shaking his head before he kissed me.
“Nope,” he mumbled against my lips. His arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me closer while my hands slid around his neck. When we finally broke apart, I was quietly gasping for air and ducked my face into the crook of his neck.
“If I’m not supposed to pick you, why did you just kiss me like that?” I wondered as he laughed distantly.
“Why are you hiding from me?” he questioned instead, his fingers running through my hair. “I kissed you like that… because the last time I kissed you, I thought there would be other opportunities… this time, I know it won’t happen again….”
I backed away from him just enough to see the distance in his eyes before I kissed him. He inhaled a really deep breath when he gently pushed me away and fell onto his back, staring up at the ceiling.
“Anna… I only have so much self-control… you’re in my bed…” he groaned, running his hands over the top of his head into his hair, “And I pretty much have a gag order to stop messing with you….”
I was leaning over him when he opened his eyes again, they were bright emerald with the silver gone. A second later, the door opened and Rayne walked inside and over to the side of the bed where I was.
“So you send the other guy I can’t be with to get me out of your room…?” I wondered almost silently, my gaze shifting to Rayne who carefully lifted me up from the bed without saying anything.
“So I get the other guy you trust to get you out of my room until I’m able to clear up this crap with Alex,” Jack murmured in annoyance while Rayne carried me out of the room and across to my own room where he carefully placed me on my bed.
“Jack’s in love with you,” Rayne whispered as I barely nodded my head, “Do you love him?” I shrugged my shoulders.
“I love you…” I muttered and he laughed distantly.
“Arianna… you barely know me…” Rayne countered, but I shrugged my shoulders again and he sat down on my bed beside me.
“You guys barely know me,” I rebutted and he chuckled softly making my heart skip, “That doesn’t seem to stop you… so why should it stop me…?”
“Because you’re smarter than that,” Rayne replied, turning to face me as his blonde hair fell over his hazel eyes, “You’re way too smart to get involved with all of us….”
“Not exactly my choice,” I mumbled and he laughed softly again, “Why doesn’t my apparent, stench, seem to bother you?” 
“What? Because Ty healed your wounds so you smell like faerie magic?” Rayne wondered with genuine confusion in his eyes as I nodded, “My pack and the local faeries had an arrangement… they kept our farms protected from the weird weather, we kept them protected from the local vampires… it doesn’t bother me because I grew up around the scent of faerie magic.” He leaned closer and softly pressed his lips to my cheek. “We chased Mark out of the country again… Evan stayed on his trail up into Canada somewhere….”
“How did he do that… to the car…?” I whispered and Rayne smiled distantly.
“He’s a troll… they’re big, bulky, ridiculously strong, and not exactly bright… he ran into the car at full force,” Rayne explained simply, “Jack barely had time to get you out of the way….”
“Is Evan the only one still following him? Is that safe?” I pressed and Rayne chuckled softly as his eyes scanned across my face.
“Evan is strong. He’ll be fine. Don’t you want to wash off?” he queried and I sighed but nodded before I headed across the room, collecting a towel and opening the bathroom door.
“You can stay if you want…” I dismissed before I stepped into my bathroom and climbed into a hot shower. I watched the dried blood wash down my arms in watered-down rivers and the fear slid back into every nerve ending of my body. Mark had nearly killed me… What did he want with me that he would nearly kill me?
I was actually almost thankful to find Rayne lying across my bed, his head resting against my headboard when I walked out of the bathroom in sweatpants and a tanktop. He didn’t even try to stop me when I climbed into the bed beside him and rested my head on his chest, but his arm wrapped around my shoulders and pulled me closer.
“You’ve had a rough day, Anna… get some rest…” Rayne gently whispered across my ear.
“I need to talk to my brothers… find out… what’s going on with…” I trailed off when he kissed my forehead.
“Get some rest… they’ll be here when you wake back up,” Rayne suggested, his werewolf warmth wrapping around me when he rolled onto his side and pulled me up against him.

The crash of my door against the wall jolted me out of a dream where I was surrounded by faerie lights and five werewolves. The lights had been landing on my arms when the door opened and I was confused when I woke up surrounded by warmth. It took me a long minute to remember that I’d fallen asleep in my bed beside Rayne, but once I did, I started trying to figure out what had happened to my door.
“That would be your little brother… I’m going to get up now, okay?” Rayne softly recited and I barely nodded my head before cool air slid over me when he rolled over and stood up from the bed. 
“Anna,” Jason growled and I groaned as I rolled over to bury my face in my pillow, “How could you come up here and hide in your room without letting me even know you were home?”
“Austin knew,” I grumbled, pushing myself to sit up as I turned around to face his furious blue-green eyes, “Jason… what about Trina?” I hated to do it, I did… I hated the thought of him having anything to do with the werewolves, but it was already too late for that. I saw the fury briefly replaced by admiration before he looked angry again.
“Just because I like Trina doesn’t mean my sister can keep secrets from me,” Jason hissed as he sat down on my bed beside me, “I was worried about you! How could you not tell me you were back here safely?!”
“I’m sorry,” I whispered while he hugged me tightly, “I just… I checked on Jack, got a shower, and didn’t really mean to fall asleep….”
“I hear Jack’s doing a lot better… I’m confused, Anna…” he trailed off for a minute, glancing at Rayne before he looked at me again, “I thought you kept telling me that Alex doesn’t want you near Rayne….”
“I’m not getting into the why of it all, but I don’t give a shit what Alex wants anymore,” I muttered, startling Jason as his eyes briefly widened, “I don’t care what Alex wants, Jason… But I am sorry that I didn’t find you to let you know I was back, okay? How are you holding up?”
“My dad’s dead… my mom dumped me on my big brother, and my sister’s all but disappeared lately… how do you think I’m holding up?” Jason demanded quietly, his gaze distant as it fell to the floor, “I’ve been really worried about you, Anna… You look fine, considering you were in a wreck earlier today….”
“Jack took most of the blow,” I explained vaguely, “I really need to rest, Jay… there’s been way too much going on lately… and school starts soon….”
“You can’t really be considering going to school with Mark still on the loose,” Jason blurted, but I only shrugged my shoulders.
“I can’t put my life on hold until he’s been captured again, either,” I responded with a sigh, “I can’t stop living just because of Mark… the cops can’t even find him….” I looked up to spot Rayne leaning silently against the wall, his arms crossed loosely over his chest. “I’m okay, Jay… I’m okay here with these guys, I like most of them, get along with almost all of them… I don’t know what’s going to happen with Dad’s house, but maybe Austin can sell it and you guys can get an apartment… it’s all stuff that will obviously have to be figured out later, but… I might stay here….”
“Stay here with the guy who you just said you couldn’t give a shit what he wants?” Jason pressed, “Sorry, don’t give a shit what he wants… That doesn’t make any sense, Anna.”
“We’ll figure it all out later, Jay… please, just let me get some rest,” I pleaded and he sighed but barely nodded his head as he hugged me tightly.
“We will talk about it later, though,” Jason insisted before he stood up from my bed and walked across the room. He paused in the doorway, his eyes scanning across Rayne leaning on my wall, then he sighed and walked out of the room, pulling the door closed behind him.
“Is Austin okay?” I asked and Rayne barely nodded his head as he walked back across my room and sat down at the foot of the bed beside me.
“As well as can be expected from any of you,” Rayne whispered, his eyes searching my face, “He went to the morgue today for the official identification… your father’s lawyer has been in touch with him… you’ll all have to meet him to hear the will… I think he’s helping Austin sort out the funeral arrangements….”
I sighed as I pushed on the bed to stand up, but Rayne gently pulled on my arm to keep me seated. “I need to help him,” I murmured, but Rayne barely shook his head.
“He said for you to rest now; he has it under control,” Rayne softly countered, “He also said that he’s sure he’ll need your help later, so don’t argue right now.”
“How are you still in my room?” I wondered with a sigh as I fell back to lie across my bed, “Why do you know so much about what’s going on with my brother?”
“I’m keeping Alex away; he’s too worried about keeping you here to argue with me,” Rayne admitted with a smirk before he shifted on the bed to look at me, “Your brother dropped by just a bit ago and updated me on everything since you were sleeping. He didn’t want to bother you.”
“Next time Austin drops by… don’t let me sleep through it,” I murmured, rolling onto my side as my hand slid into his, “And don’t leave me alone….”
“I’m not going anywhere, Anna,” Rayne assured as he lightly squeezed my hand, “Unless you want me to go get Jack….”
“I thought he was supposed to stay away from me,” I muttered in annoyance, but Rayne barely shrugged his shoulders, “Isn’t he at least slightly more bound by your pack leader’s rules than you are?”
“He is,” Rayne admitted, lying down on my bed beside me as those beautiful hazel eyes stared at me, “Love can break any binding, though….”
“Jack doesn’t love me,” I countered with a sigh, “He only thinks he does….”
“Jack is blackmailing Alex to keep him away from you,” Rayne chuckled softly as my eyes widened, “He does love you… even though you will probably break his heart….”
“Why would you say such a horrible thing?” I muttered under my breath, but Rayne suddenly shifted up onto his elbows so he was looking into my eyes.
“You are the one that says you love another… Jack knows that… he knows what the pack thinks is going to happen… whether you mean to or not, you will probably break his heart,” Rayne reiterated gently, his fingers lightly sliding across my cheek.
“Rayne, stop tormenting her.” I hadn’t even heard the door open, much less anyone come into my room, and bolted upright in my bed as I spotted Jack standing in front of the door and felt tears sting my eyes. “I told you I’d be fine, Anna,” Jack recited with that coy grin on his lips as I darted across the room and slammed into him almost full force, wrapping my arms tightly around him.
“What are you doing here? You said…” I stammered, slowly backing away from him as my eyes darted back to Rayne sitting up on my bed.
“You have feelings for Jack, Anna,” Rayne remarked nonchalantly, but there was a distance in his hazel eyes.
“But I…” I faltered, looking up into Jack’s emerald eyes, “But what about… the pack saying I belonged with Aeril? What about your stupid pack leader not wanting either of you near me?”
“Futures are ever-changing… it’s nearly impossible to predict a person’s future with 100% accuracy… but we do usually get a bit closer than this,” Jack considered thoughtfully, “Especially with so many pack members seeing the same future for you.” It was more than a little bit obvious that his mind was elsewhere as he stared down at me. “So what about you has thrown off our abilities so much…? Why can you hear Evan?”
My eyes widened suddenly, “Where is Evan? Is he okay? Is he safe?”
“He’s… busy,” Rayne added as I glanced back at him, “But he’s safe, so don’t worry, okay?”

We had Dad’s funeral a few days later. I just stared at him in his coffin, looking as though he were sleeping, but there was no energy from him. I hadn’t really seen many dead people in my life, and I was suddenly glad for that. Looking so lifelike but containing no energy was just wrong…. When the preacher started the ceremony, I still stared blankly at the coffin with Austin and Jason sitting on either side of me. Their mother had deemed us with her presence, but was seated on the other side of the aisle, far away from me, which I knew had been Austin’s doing. So many people turned out, that there wasn’t enough seating and there were people standing against the walls, and some even out in the hallway. Dad’s life may have been cut short, but his life had impacted so many people and that was how I decided to remember him. When we went over to the cemetery, their mother excused herself immediately after the preacher’s few words, but I stayed seated in my folding chair, staring at the coffin as it was placed in the ground, and continuing to stare as they started shoveling the dirt on top of it. I knew I was waiting for it to sink in, for me to really realize that my dad was dead and I’d never see his goofy smiling face again, never hear his apologies for a quick meal or him running off to a case. That was when the tears really started, when I thought about never hearing his voice again. I heard the creak of the chairs beside me, but my gaze didn’t waver from the ground, and I felt two overly warm hands slide into each of my own. Jack and Rayne hadn’t left my side, and they wouldn’t for weeks to come. 
It was a couple of days later that Austin, Jason, and I started sorting through the things in Dad’s house. We’d heard the will by then… the house now technically belonged to Austin. The money Dad had in the bank was to be split up mainly between Jason and me with a bit of it going to Austin. He didn’t leave anything to their mother, and let me tell you, she was not happy about that…. You would have thought she was a grieving widow right up until the moment the lawyer finished announcing the division of Dad’s estate, then her face got really red and her fake tears stopped, and she stormed out. Austin had decided he wanted to go through everything in the house and for us to keep whatever we wanted to, and whatever we agreed upon, we would donate to charity. He also decided that we would rent out the house for now, because none of us were quite comfortable in Dad’s house without Dad just yet. Alex and Amy actually let Austin and Jason move in, and Amy delivered the news that I was welcome to stay. 
I don’t know how long it really took us to clean out the house, we kept getting distracted by old pictures and things that brought back old memories of Dad and we’d stop and talk about it for a while… but each night we’d go back to the wolf house to sleep, then each morning we’d go back to Dad’s and work for the day. Jack, Rayne, Trina, and Amy kept visiting us while we were there, bringing us food, carrying off the boxes of stuff we’d decided to donate, actually sweeping and cleaning up from our messes, and all in all just there as support. Don’t get me wrong, having Rayne and Jack both around was comforting, but also confusing and a bit awkward… But every time I came across something that made me cry, one of them was there, just there, a comforting presence.
It was one of the last days we were there, the second day we were finally tackling Dad’s office, that I saw Austin just freeze out of the corner of my eye. I looked down to find a file in his hand just before his blue eyes shifted up to me and he motioned toward the door with his head. Thankfully, Trina and Amy were in the room and so Jason didn’t notice when Austin and I slipped into the hallway at the same time. 
“Um…” Austin faltered, which was so unlike him that I tensed as he turned the folder around so I could see Dad’s handwriting on the tab. “Do you want to look at this? Or should I hold onto it and put it away somewhere?” Austin’s voice was almost silent, and I could barely hear anything beyond his voice for the pounding of my heartbeat in my ears.
‘Arianna’s Birthparents’ Dad had written on the tab. I read it at least five times before I felt my breath catch in my throat.
“I… I’ll hold onto it,” I managed to strangle out and saw the worry in Austin’s eyes as he held the folder out to me. I reached for it twice, but finally let my hand fall to my side, “Just… take it back with us… okay?”
Austin nodded and I watched him walk over and stuff the folder into his bookbag. “Take a break,” he added as he walked back into Dad’s office, and I found myself wandering out into the back yard.
My birthparents… I guess even then I was forgetting that I was adopted… Dad was my dad, there was no question in my mind about that… He may not have been perfect, but he was still my dad. 
“You okay?” Jack quietly asked from the doorway into the kitchen, but when I didn’t even move, he walked around in front of me. “Do you want to talk?”
“Birthparents…” I mumbled almost inaudibly, and saw the confusion on his face as I forced myself to refocus on the present. “Austin… just found the file… Dad…” my voice cracked and I sucked in a deep breath, “The file on my… my birthparents… but I… I guess I’m not ready to deal with it… not yet….”
“Then don’t deal with it yet,” Jack stated with a soft smile, his fingers sliding across my cheek until I suddenly hugged him and his hands wound into my hair. “Rayne is much better equipped to help you through all of this than I am… you should really… talk to him… whenever you’re ready to talk….”
“I want to kill that feckin’ troll,” I growled, feeling him tense, and spotting the worry in his emerald eyes when I pushed away from him, “How do I do it?”
“A troll will turn to stone in direct sunlight… but then you have to break the stone, and torch it if you don’t want the troll to ever come back again.” I was staring at Jack, but the words hadn’t come from him and I shifted enough to look behind him, out to the tree line where Ty was standing. “They may not be the smartest creatures, but it is nearly impossible to get them into direct sunlight,” Ty continued as I narrowed my eyes into a glare, “Now, Anna Gray… is that any way to greet the person who saved your life?”
“Saved my life?” I blurted in exasperation, “You helped, yes, and I appreciate that, but Jack is the one who saved my life.”
“The wolves still don’t know you have a mild metal allergy… do they?” Ty pressed and I winced when I spotted the thoughtful look in Jack’s eyes, “Because you, dearest Anna Gray, are afraid that it means something.”
“Does it?” Jack hissed, spinning around to face Ty and taking hold of my hand in the same movement, but Ty’s lips curled into a grin.
“Tread carefully, werewolf… figuring her out may just lead to her downfall,” Ty evaded, like Ty always evaded and I sighed as I scrubbed the tears from my face.
“Go away, Ty,” I murmured, spinning around and walking back inside, but not without hearing Jack and Ty still arguing out in the yard. As I rounded the corner to head to Dad’s office, Rayne was standing in the middle of the hallway, staring at the exact spot I walked into.
“They are… coupled off right now… I didn’t want you to walk in there and feel out of place or awkward or something stupid…” Rayne uttered while I kept walking toward him and peeked into Dad’s office to find Austin and Amy sitting on the sofa talking and Jason and Trina holding hands and whispering in the corner. The smile that slipped onto my lips was bittersweet.
“Will you take me back to the house?” I asked, glancing over at Rayne as he barely nodded his head and I actually stepped into the doorway, instantly causing all four of them to look over at me. “I think I’m finished for today. Rayne’s going to take me back to the house. You guys take your time, okay?” I saw Jason start to argue, but Trina discreetly squeezed his hand and instead he barely nodded his head.
“Go ahead,” Austin agreed with a soft smile, “We won’t donate anything without running it by you first, but that can wait until tomorrow.”
I nodded and felt Rayne’s hand slip into mine the second I was out of the doorway, and my eyes darted up to him. “How do I get the troll out into sunlight?” I demanded and he sighed as he led me out of the house to the car he and Jack had driven over only to find Jack already sitting in the backseat. 
“It’s nearly impossible… It’s been done so few times, I wouldn’t know where to begin on accomplishing it,” Rayne admitted as we started back toward the wolf house.

Before school started, we finished cleaning out the house, and Amy helped Austin go through the process of advertising the place and actually getting it rented out to some local college kids. 
Whatever Jack was blackmailing Alex with was definitely keeping the scum of the earth away from me, and I wasn’t about to complain. Sam, Caiden, and even Sage were really more or less avoiding me, though each for different reasons. Trina had become so engrossed with Jason that she stopped worrying about Aeril and me; and Jason was so engrossed with Trina that he stopped following me around everywhere and actually started to hang out with some of the pack kids that were his own age. The same could be said of Austin who spent all of his time at work, or with Amy until his college Freshman pre-class stuff started up right when my high school classes started. I had expected having Jason at the same school as me to become an issue, but it didn’t seem like it was going to. He really did spend his time with Trina, and when school started, they rode the bus together while Rayne drove me to school each day. 
There was an open house the day before classes started, and despite being some of the only seniors there, Rayne had dragged me to it so that he could show me around the school in hopes that I wouldn’t be lost on my first day. He obviously had more faith in my abilities to navigate than I did… It did, however, give me a chance to get my schedule early, so he got his, too, and found out we were in two classes together. He insisted on going from classroom to classroom on my list and to my locker between each room so that I would know how to get from one to the other, all of which I still thought was crazy, because I wasn’t any good at remembering how to get around places.
“I want to feel like you’re safe,” he had remarked at one point, “I don’t want to spend the day worrying that you’ve gotten lost and gotten yourself hurt somehow….”
I focused, I really did, but I still didn’t think it was going to work. This school was nearly maze-like, and my classes were all over the place. We’d brought Trina and Jason over with us; Jason had to come because he was a Freshman, but Trina decided to come be his tour guide. Once we’d gotten to the school, they disappeared off on their own, but as Rayne and I were making our way through the halls with him constantly holding my hand and trying to point out landmarks with his other hand, I froze. Jason and Trina were making out in this really tiny little alcove. Just as I started to say something, Rayne tugged on my hand and led me further down the hallway.
“Anna… you wanted his attention elsewhere… he’s happy… isn’t that all that matters?” Rayne questioned as I leaned against the wall and sighed.
“What are the chances she could accidentally shift and hurt him?” I finally asked. It had been on my mind for a long time by then, for each of us.
“Slim, but possible,” he quietly admitted, “The older we are, the better trained we are to manage our emotions, especially anger, which is the worst trigger for accidental shifting… We don’t enter into relationships with humans lightly, Arianna. Trina doesn’t get angry much, and I trust her to be able to get away from him without hurting him if she ever does get that angry… just like I trust Amy, and Jack, and even myself.” I felt the tiniest knot of guilt in my stomach, but it shifted into butterflies when I spotted the look of pure desire in his eyes which he blinked away a second later.
“Why do you do that…?” I whispered, slightly surprised when he didn’t try to act like he didn’t know what I meant.
“Because you have feelings for Jack… and Jack loves you,” he answered almost silently, while I stepped slightly closer to him.
“But Jack never looks at me like that…”
“You never catch Jack looking at you like that,” Rayne corrected as his fingers slid across my cheek before he ever-so-softly pressed his lips to mine.
Someone cleared her throat, and he slowly backed away. When his eyes lighted on the person, they lit up into hysterics and he almost laughed. “Ironic,” he managed to blurt as I finally looked over to find Trina and Jason standing there, both with their arms crossed over their chests.
“We’re ready when you are,” Trina interjected into the silence.

The first two days of school were pretty normal school days. Jack was up bright and early to see me off with a homemade lunch, which he said he made for me so that I wouldn’t forget about him during the day. I absolutely got lost, but not so much so that I didn’t find my way to class by the second bell each period. When lunch rolled around, I didn’t even bother with the cafeteria; this school was relatively lenient about lunch and had several picnic areas available to the students, they just wanted us to stay on campus. 
Day one, I was only focused on getting outside, but once I did, my feet froze. The tension in the air was absolutely insane from where I was standing. To the right of me were a bunch of people that were laughing and joking around, it was also the corner of the school building and more sunlight flooded onto it. To the left of me were a bunch of quieter, kind of brooding people, a lot of whom seemed to have earbuds jammed into their ears, and this side had more trees so it was more in shadow. My eyes locked with his and he grinned as he stood up from his table under a particularly tall tree, but then those ice blue eyes turned deadly and I looked up in time to spot a guy with fire red hair, pulled back into a ponytail, and deep blue eyes walking over to me.
“You’re Anna Gray, aren’t you?” he asked in a perfectly pleasant voice, but I glanced again at Ty to find him frozen with that strange smoke starting to form around him again. Oh boy was he ever pissed.
“Yeah… I must have gotten turned around…” I murmured, starting to turn toward the door and go back inside when the guy laughed and I swear the sunlight grew brighter.
“Don’t run off, you can come sit with us,” he offered, lightly resting his hand on my arm and motioning towards the cheery side of the outdoor area, “My name is Wren, by the way.” I still hesitated and he threw me a charming smile, “Well, come on.”
“But…” I faltered and he finally followed my gaze to Ty as the sky suddenly grew darker.
“Anna,” Tobias called from the doorway and I turned to him with absolute relief in my eyes, “I was looking for you. Rayne said we had the same lunch period. Come on.” He was smiling, but his eyes weren’t. Still, I smiled and nodded, turning to Wren.
“Like I said… I got turned around. But thank you for the invitation,” I stated with the most genuine smile I could manage, “It was nice to meet you, Wren.”
 “You, too, Anna Gray,” Wren finalized with a smile, that like Tobias’, didn’t reach his eyes.
As soon as the door closed behind me, Tobias pulled me into a hug. “Don’t do that again…” he whispered urgently, “You know about Ty… he’s not the only fae at school… and there isn’t just one kind of fae, Anna… they really don’t get along, and you just walked into the middle of their turf war.”
“That explains a lot,” I laughed faintly when he stepped away from me, embarrassment written on his face, “So… where do we eat?” He laughed softly and led me out another set of doors to a smaller area with only four picnic tables and we sat down to eat amongst other werewolves.

That was day one, and day two was similar, minus the lunch fiasco, but I did run into Wren again towards the end of the day, and he was just as overly friendly the second time as he had been the first. That is, right up until Ty walked over, grabbed my arm, and pulled me away.
“Stay away from him,” was all he said before he, too, was gone and I was left wondering what in the world I’d gotten pulled into that time. 

Wednesday was my birthday. I wasn’t the least bit surprised to wake up to breakfast in bed surrounded by nearly everyone in the wolf house, with Jason and Austin sitting on my bed beside me. After a chorus of happy birthday, and a bunch of birthday wishes and hugs, I got ready to go to school where I found my locker decked out in birthday decorations. At first period, there were balloons waiting on my desk for me, and at lunch Tobias pulled me outside to pizzas and birthday cake. 
I suppose I should explain that I had shut off my sense feeling after finding out Dad was really dead because everyone’s sadness quickly got to be so overwhelming that I was nearly drowning in their sorrows without being able to even start to deal with my own. I guess if I’d tuned back into it, I would have better understood what was going on at lunch that first day, or even would have been able to know about the surprises beforehand (not that the surprises were a bad thing), but I definitely would have known that Mark was at the school that day before I spotted him hiding in the shadow of the building at lunch, but when I blinked again, he was gone. Right that minute I tuned back into it, and just as soon as I did, I gasped and passed out.
I woke up hours later in the clinic, but before I even opened my eyes, I realized my head was pounding and tried to focus on the why of it all. I noticed a whole bunch of feelings I wasn’t used to feeling; very distinct ones that were closer to hearing thoughts than just knowing feelings of others. One caught my attention so much that I focused on it, tracing the link back to the source only to find myself looking into Wren’s eyes and him looking back at me, startled. I quickly slammed off my sense feeling and opened my eyes, blinking against the harsh overhead lights and looking around the sterile white and silver room until I spotted Austin sitting in a chair and his gaze shifted up to me.
“Hey, kiddo,” he greeted, pushing himself up and walking over beside the bed. He pressed the back of his hand against my forehead before he softly kissed me there, “This isn’t how you’re supposed to be spending your birthday, you know.”
“Sorry,” I whispered, slowly sitting up, “What are you doing here? Don’t you have college stuff today?”
“I’m your guardian,” he remarked with a shrug, “They called me, I came over. Care to tell me what happened?”
I looked around the room again only to spot the nurse walking towards me with a smile on her face. She briefly shone a light in my eyes and had me follow her finger with my eyes before she looked over at Austin.
“She’s alert, reflexes are fine… If you want to take her home, I’ll allow it, but I think she’s okay to go back to class. Since the day is nearly over, I’ll leave it up to the two of you,” she announced before she stepped back out of view.
Except, I stared after her in confused shock, searching for my sense feeling and realizing it was still open. The nurse had known my dad, she had actually really liked him, like as she kept trying to get him to ask her out, liked him. She felt really bad for us, for Austin… I fought with it for a long minute before I finally got the door closed on my sense feeling only to spot the worry in Austin’s eyes.
“Arianna… what do you want to do?” he finally queried, his eyes searching my face, trying to figure out what was going on.
“It’s only the third day of class… I think I should stay,” I answered and he inhaled a deep breath before he sighed and barely nodded his head.
“Okay, but if you need me, you have them call me and I’ll come back to get you,” he finalized, lightly hugging me when I stood up. The nurse popped back into view and handed me a pass to get back to class and told me that fifth period was just about to end. Austin walked with me out of the clinic and hugged me again just as the bell to end fifth period rang. I tossed my bag over my shoulder and headed for my locker while Austin watched after me for a long minute before he left the school. 
When I reached my locker, Wren was standing there and I jumped, startled. “Hi…” I managed to murmur, looking at him in confusion, but he just stared at me. “Okay…?” I opened my locker and pulled out my stuff for sixth period before I closed it to find confusion clearly written on his face.
“I’m sorry, Anna Gray,” he faltered, barely shaking his head, “You are Austin and Jason Gray’s sister… aren’t you?”
“Yes and no,” I replied, but his confusion deepened, “I was adopted.”
His eyes widened, but then they shifted behind me and he barely smiled. “I should go… Happy Birthday, Anna Gray.”
He was headed down the hallway away from me before I could really react, but then too-warm hands slid onto my shoulders and I turned around to find Rayne behind me. 
“You passed out…?” he skeptically questioned and I barely nodded, my face shading pink, “Care to explain why?”
“I think I saw Mark,” I whimpered and felt the heat intensify in his hands before he shoved them in his pockets, “And I realized I had turned off my feeling sense thing, so I turned it back on, and all these overwhelming, distinct emotions flooded over me and I passed out.”
“You think you saw Mark?” Rayne repeated and I barely nodded my head as he inhaled a deep breath before taking hold of my hand, “Let’s get to class and get out of here… Some of the guys are going to check around the school….”
That night, they had a big cookout for me, from which Alex was absent despite my knowing he had been the one to cook the food. There were a few presents, but the main one was telling me about the party they were throwing for me Saturday night.
I went up to bed that night with worries about Mark still in my head, only to find Rayne and Jack standing at my doorway.
“We didn’t find any sign of him… not even his scent,” Jack admitted almost silently, something nearly apologetic in his voice. 
“So what… you don’t believe that he was really there?” I pressed and Jack’s gaze fell to his feet as Rayne lightly took hold of my hand.
“We believe you saw him, but we don’t understand how he disappeared without a trace. Granted, it was a few hours before anyone got to the school and we have a lot of supernaturals at the school that could have covered his scent,” Rayne reasoned and I took a deep breath as I looked over to find Jack staring at me.
“We’re going to keep a look out… at least for a while, see if we can spot him… can you try to stay with someone during the day? Do you mind staying with someone? Because people have offered to walk you to your classes to help keep an eye on things,” Jack added as I took another deep breath.
“If I see him again, I’ll accept the constant guard… okay?” I pressed, “Or if you guys can actually prove I wasn’t hallucinating him….”
“We don’t think you…” Rayne started but I barely shook my head.
“I might have been… I’ve been stressed… so let’s all assume it was probably in my head, and just keep a better eye on the school for a few days until I feel more sane,” I bargained and saw them start to argue, “Or I can just wander around outside by myself all day, maybe go hang out with the faeries or something.”
“You are so stubborn,” Rayne sighed, shaking his head.
“We’ll watch the school… you try to stay alert, okay?” Jack countered and I barely nodded in agreement, “Get some sleep, birthday girl.” He softly kissed my cheek before he walked just down the hall to his own room. 
“Happy Birthday, Arianna,” Rayne whispered as he lightly kissed my other cheek and headed down the hallway while I slipped into my room.

I didn’t see him again Thursday, and trust me, I was so alert I was jumping at stupid little noises and starting to get really weird looks from lots of people. By Friday I had forced myself to calm down just a little, before everyone started to think I was absolutely insane. 
Rayne had to meet with our teacher after sixth period, and it was taking forever, so I was pacing in the main hallway, which was empty by then. As I turned around to start pacing in the other direction, my feet froze to the ground. Not fifty feet away from me, was Mark. My eyes widened, and I blinked a few times to make sure he was there before that snarky grin crept onto his face.
“Hello, Arianna… You haven’t been behaving very well, now have you?” he chuckled in that creepy gravelly voice of his and I turned and bolted away from him.
I thought about what Ty had said, and headed for the doors to outside, to the sunlight and the daytime, but before I could reach them his weight collided with my back and I fell to the floor.
“No!” I screamed, kicking at him as I tried to scramble back to my feet, but his bulky hand latched onto my ankle and I felt my bone start to give as I screamed. “Let me go!” I yelled, but he pulled me backwards, closer to him, all the while keeping a hold on my ankle. When he reached for my shirt, my hands darted up and pressed against him as I screamed “No!” Only that time, my tear-filled eyes actually opened as I felt something, some power, some energy, roll through me and into him and heard him groan as he slammed into the wall. I hesitated only a second, and then jumped to my feet, but the second I put weight on the ankle he had been squeezing, it gave out and I fell back to the floor.
“Anna Gray, are you all right?” Wren’s voice was behind me and I spun on the floor to face him, my eyes wide and filled with tears. He could think I was crazy if he wanted to, but Tobias had given me the clear impression he was a fae, so I pointed behind me when I heard Mark moving.
“Troll!” I exclaimed and his blue eyes darted past me and widened. The brightest light I had ever seen suddenly filled the hallway and I had to shield my eyes from it.
“You’re all right, Anna Gray,” Wren soothed and I slowly blinked my eyes open to spot the faintest light still pulsing around him before it completely disappeared.
How can I be all right when there’s a troll in the hallway? I panicked in my mind, but as I spun around to try to make my point, there was the ugliest stone statue in the middle of the hallway.
“Are you hurt?” Wren continued, but I was still staring at the statue.
“Have to break it… burn it… Ty said that was the only way…” I stammered, trying again to stand up, but I yelped at the pain that burst from my ankle before I fell back to the floor.
“Where is your Were?” Wren queried as I looked at him in confusion, “They won’t like it if I mess with you….”
“1110, Mr. Schuedler’s class,” I responded and he barely nodded his head as his eyes inspected my face, “How did you find me? How did you do that?”
“Don’t answer that,” Ty hissed as I saw his chest rise and fall just a little too quickly, “Keep it shut, Wren.”
“Oh, Ty… she’s adopted,” Wren countered as I looked between them in confusion.
“I know that,” Ty growled in reply as he knelt down beside me, “Where are you hurt?”
“Don’t you think they’ll come after her? Especially after today?” Wren pressed and Ty nearly snarled as I watched the strange smoke forming around him again.
“My… my ankle…” I stuttered, watching him dazedly as he pulled up my jeans’ leg and pressed his hands around my ankle.
Rayne came running down the hallway then, panic in his eyes as I spotted another one of the turf-war people behind him, walking slower with his hands in his pockets.
“Anna,” Rayne blurted as he fell to sit beside me, searching my face and completely ignoring the fact that there was so much tension in the air, “Oh gods, Anna… I’m so sorry… are you all right?”
I gasped as bones shifted in my ankle, and clung onto Rayne’s shirt as I glanced down at Ty while he pulled my jeans’ leg back down.
“You’ll be fine,” he assured with the faintest smile.
“What happened?” Rayne insisted, “What are they doing here? How is Mark stone in the middle of the hallway?”
“I’m a Lord,” Wren commented as Rayne looked up at him, “I more or less keep a stash of sunlight in me at all times… used it on her troll problem… but why we’re here….”
“Shut up,” Ty interrupted angrily, suddenly back on his feet.
“So Ty doesn’t want me to explain,” Wren remarked, shrugging his shoulders, “Why don’t you get her out of here, Were…? We can take care of the troll.”
“I’m not leaving until I see the ash or whatever becomes of that statue after it’s been broken and burned,” I insistently interjected, “And you can’t tell Rayne to get me out of here like I’m some… thing. I am a human being, not some thing that you can just do whatever you want to with….”
“You’re not human,” Wren laughed, but Ty suddenly spun on him and Wren went flying out the door into a picnic table, laughing the whole time.
“Wh… what?” I stuttered, watching Ty as he slowly turned back to face me.
“Let’s get rid of your troll problem…” he mumbled, walking past me and slamming one well-placed fist into the statue as it crumbled to the floor. “Wren! Get in here and keep your damned mouth shut!” Ty yelled as I scrambled to my feet with Rayne behind me and watched in awe as Wren walked over to the crumbled stones and merely lifted his hands towards them as they became engulfed in blue flames.
“She needs to know,” Wren quietly remarked, staring at his work, “They need to know.”
“I’m not an idiot,” Ty growled before he looked up at Rayne, “I need to speak with you… in private.”
Once they were outside, I turned my attention back on Wren, “What do you mean I’m not human?”
“Oh, don’t mind me any… it seems Ty has been keeping an eye on you for a while now, hasn’t he?” Wren queried, only briefly glancing up at me as I barely nodded, “Then he’s the one who will answer your questions, not me.” 
His hands fell to his sides and my eyes darted down to watch the flames fade away from… nothing…. There was absolutely nothing left.
“He’s gone… I mean… really really gone?” I whispered with tears in my eyes.
“No troll can come back from such a thing; it’s impossible… there is always at least one absolute way to kill something supernatural, Anna Gray… don’t forget that,” Wren softly remarked just before Rayne stormed back into the building.
“We need to get back to the house,” Rayne stated in a barely contained rage as I nodded slightly, reaching down and touching the spot on the floor where Mark had been, just to reassure myself he was gone, and only feeling the remnants of heat from the flames. I nodded again, more certainly, and followed Rayne out of the school to the car.
“What’s going on?” I finally asked after riding nearly halfway across town in absolute silence.
Rayne inhaled a slow, deep breath and looked over at me while we were at a stoplight, “Did you throw some kind of power at Mark?” I barely nodded my head and he sighed as he looked back at the road. “I need to see something first… then we can talk….”
The rest of the ride was silent, but he took hold of my trembling hand and didn’t let go the entire way back to the house. When we pulled into the garage, I was worried to find Jack, Farren, Aeril, and Evan all standing there and wouldn’t budge from my seat. Evan walked over and pulled my door open, his eyes searching my face before he smiled and held his hand out to me.
“It’s okay, Anna. And just think, you never have to deal with that stupid troll ever again. Isn’t that a relief?” Evan queried and I found myself nodding without even thinking about it. It was going to be so nice to never have to worry about Mark again… but how the heck was I supposed to explain any of that to my brothers? They were still going to be worried about him…. “We’ll figure out how to let them know soon,” Evan added and my eyes darted to him as he helped me out of the car. “Now… we’re going into the basement, so stay close….”
My gaze darted up worriedly when Jack was standing in front of me, but he pulled me into a hug and my nerves slowly settled. His hand slid into mine as we all walked toward the far wall of the garage. I was admittedly very confused until Rayne pulled on a brass wall fixture and a secret door opened. It was pitch black, and I couldn’t begin to see a thing, but Jack carefully pulled me along beside him, whispering the number of remaining stairs into my ear as we went. When my feet hit bottom, I knew it—there was the faintest echo from the shuffling of our feet. A moment later another secret door opened and let in a dim light. I figured all of this was actually pretty good for keeping people who didn’t belong down here from finding their way around… I certainly never would have headed into pitch blackness without someone guiding me through it.
As we stepped through the door into the dimly lit room, a sparkling gilded frame had caught my attention, but I stared into the oversized mirror in confusion. 
I could still feel Jack’s hand in mine, and I could see myself clearly in the reflective glass, but Jack wasn’t there in the mirror. I stepped closer to it, moreso in confusion, and Jack trailed behind me until I realized he was there, his beautiful blonde-furred, emerald-eyed wolf form was with me. Even in wolf-form, the silver around his pupils was visible, but I looked over my shoulder to see human-Jack behind me, staring in shock at the mirror, except by then, so was everyone else.
“What is this?” I murmured and he forced his startled gaze to me before his eyes darted back to the reflection.
“That mirror shows you the true forms of others… I’m guessing you’re seeing my wolf-form…” he trailed off as he resumed staring into the mirror in shock.
“So I only see true forms of other people…?” I hesitated and he barely nodded, “So what is it you’re all seeing that has you so shocked…?”
Rayne stepped over beside me, and inspected my face seriously before he spoke, “You know nothing of your birthparents…?”
“Austin has the folder with their information, but I haven’t even looked at it, so no,” I reasoned while shaking my head, “I don’t know anything about them, yet….” Rayne was face to face with me, staring into my eyes, but his left hand reached over my shoulder into thin air, except, it sent a strange shiver down my spine.
“You’re part fae,” Jack mumbled, my eyes scrunching in further confusion, “We can see faerie wings behind you, small ones, but that just proves it’s only a part of you… and you have the starburst mark on your forehead….”
“What is a starburst mark?” I wondered as Evan walked over in front of me and placed his finger in the center of my forehead, pressing a small circular spot before drawing lines out and away from it.
“Similar to a child’s depiction of the sun… but it is a starburst when referring to the fae,” Evan stated, meeting my eyes with absolute seriousness in his, “You can hear me talking because of your fae blood.”
My eyes widened and I jerked away from him. “You’ve known this whole time and you didn’t say anything?!” I blurted, but the others looked at me in confusion, “He says I can hear him talking because of the fae blood…. Is that why Ty can find me?”
“Yes… I’m rather certain with your coloring that you belong to Winter Court… but without your birthparents’ names, we can’t be certain,” Evan continued as I inhaled a deep breath and looked over at Jack.
“Will you take me back upstairs so I can get the file on my birthparents from Austin?” I requested and he instantly nodded, holding onto my hand as he led me away from the way we had come down into the basement. My birthparents… I still wasn’t entirely sure I was ready to know anything about them… but after the bits and pieces I’d caught of Wren and Ty’s elusive conversation, I felt like I needed to know….
When we got up to the ground floor, Alex was standing there and I flinched as his eyes swept across me.
“What were you doing in the basement?” his question was directed at Jack who slowly shook his head.
“Not now, Alex,” Jack growled, but his hand in mine didn’t grow warmer like it normally did when he was angry and Alex redirected his attention to me.
“I hear you have gotten rid of Mark,” he commented and I barely nodded my head only once, “You have a visitor waiting for you in the living room… I’d appreciate it if your fae wouldn’t follow you home.”
I pulled my phone out of my pocket and sent Austin a message. ‘Give the file to Jack when he asks for it.’ was all I said before I tucked the phone back into my pocket and looked over at Jack. “You go see Austin, I’ll go see my visitor,” I decided and Jack smiled distantly but nodded before he kissed my cheek and walked away. Alex started to reach for my arm, I saw him do it, but just then the others walked out of the basement behind me and Rayne growled in his chest. I took the distraction, and slipped away to the living room, hearing Alex interrogating them as to why they had been in the basement.
I knew the house well by then, and I knew where we had come up onto the first floor, so I rounded the corner to find Ty sitting awkwardly on the sofa, staring blankly at the television which was showing some kind of emergency news broadcast.
“How long have you known?” I demanded as his ice blue eyes shifted to me.
“I don’t know, exactly… you were using empath powers near me one time, and I knew for certain then… but I guess I had suspected since I was so drawn to you that first night at Jack’s party,” Ty explained calmly while I sat down beside him and he turned to face me.
“What are empath powers?” I wondered and he laughed softly.
“The ability to sense what others are feeling… I left you alone because you had enough to deal with and you weren’t doing anything too drastic, but today… that power you used towards the troll… it was too strong to be from a lesser fae, and too strong to not be noticed by any upper fae… that is what called to Wren and me… that is what will call our court’s attention to you,” he paused as I looked at him in blatant confusion, “You’re from Winter Court… I’m certain of it… and you are no mere changeling… you are of noble birth, and whatever reason you were sent here, I assure you won’t keep them away any longer. The only chance you have of staying hidden is to keep all of your faerie powers turned off.”
“Why have you been following me?”
“Because you are faerie raised in the human world… you don’t have the slightest clue how to protect yourself… I was trying to help,” he admitted with a shrug, “I’m an Earth-bound fae… can’t get back to Faerie unless I’ve been seriously injured, like with my friends… Apparently we’re not good enough to stay there with them… but whatever….”
“Anna, we have the file,” Jack commented from the doorway, and I glanced back at them before looking over at Ty while he stood up.
“I should go… I don’t want to know any more than I already do… be safe, Arianna,” he finalized before he disappeared, but I looked at the spot he had stood in with shock. Ty never called me by my real name; he always, always, called me Anna Gray. I also found myself wondering just how long they had all been standing in the doorway.
Jack walked over and handed me the file as they all fell to sit on the oversized sectional sofa. My hands were literally shaking as I opened the file to find my birth certificate on top. 
Mother: Eira MistralFather: Dolan Rider
I don’t know what I had expected, but my heart thudded in my chest. I really was adopted, and sitting in front of me was complete proof of that. It was my real birthparents’ names, and I cautiously passed the paper to the others, fully aware of Evan and Rayne’s sharp intake of breath. When the paper made its way back to me, I looked up at them in confusion, “What’s the big deal?”
“Your mother was the fae,” Rayne stated, “Definitely Winter Court from the name… your father was literally a dark knight, his name translates directly.”
“We have to tell Alex,” Evan started and my eyes darted to him worriedly, “Your mother… Eira Mistral… Gods Arianna… she was… is…” he paused and took a breath, “She’s Winter Court royalty… if they find out who you are… you’re not full fae… but they’re not going to quit looking for you if they find out who you are….”
“Um… Evan says… we have to tell Alex… cause my mom is royalty…” I mumbled and they all froze and stared at me in shock. Rayne was the first to move, standing up from the sofa and pulling me along with him. I knew where we were going only a moment later, and Alex caught up to us just as we reached the dimly lit room with the mirror. 
“It’s a pack problem now,” Rayne announced calmly and Alex barely nodded his head. Rayne pulled me around in front of the mirror, and Alex slowly walked around in front of it, too, but he froze. 
The wolf I saw in the mirror was gorgeous, a deep black that could blend with the shadows and aqua blue eyes that didn’t belong on any creature, much less a wolf. What surprised me was how big he really was, especially since he had claimed Malcolm was bigger than most of the pack members. The other strange thing was the diamond on his forehead that was dark silver.
“You’re Winter Court fae…” Alex uttered, looking from the mirror back at me, “Partly so… The news… they’re looking for you…?”
“What news?” I instantly queried and he sighed as he glanced in the mirror again.
“Two fishermen were found dead in their boat in the middle of the lake… It was 80 degrees outside, but their cause of death was determined to be hypothermia,” Alex explained as tears stung my eyes.
“Her birthmother is Eira Mistral… Evan says she’s royalty,” Rayne told him and I felt Alex flinch.
“And her birthfather…?” Alex hesitantly asked, both of them essentially ignoring the fact that I was there.
“Dolan Rider,” Rayne stated and Alex flinched again, “It’s rather obvious… he was a dark knight… Human, but not exactly normal….”
“What is a dark knight?” I finally queried, and Rayne lightly pulled me away from the mirror as Alex followed. 
“Dark knights are humans granted minimal magical powers and an extended life in exchange for guarding and protecting the Winter Court fae… they’re supposed to keep the human world and the fae world separated… they can enter the human world without suspicion…” Alex explained calmly, “From what we know, there aren’t a lot of them… and I’m pretty sure they aren’t supposed to have relationships with the fae….”
“So what my parents did… was wrong…?” I faltered, but they just started dragging me toward the kitchen.
“We’ll take care of you, don’t worry about it,” Alex dismissed, but as we rounded the corner, we came upon Kiris. His name still didn’t suit him, standing there looking so much like Aeril… which is why I guess they called him Kris.
“Kris suits him better, don’t you think?” Evan remarked and I jumped and spun to face him as he laughed, “I didn’t mean to sneak up on you, Anna.”
“It’s okay…” I murmured distractedly because my gaze shifted back to Kris’ strange yellow eyes.
“He was born a wolf. Alex told you that happens sometimes. Kris was born in wolf-form so his coloring is a little more suited to a wolf than a human,” Evan explained, but Kris was darting his yellow eyes between Evan and me.
“You can really hear him,” Kris realized as Aeril walked into the room and ran his hand over Kris’ head, messing up his meticulous spikes.
“Hey, little brother,” Aeril greeted with a laugh while Kris darted away from him with a glare in his eyes.
“How many times do I have to tell you not to mess with my hair?!” Kris blurted but Aeril only shrugged.
“I just have to mess up those spikes… so stop spiking it,” Aeril decided and I giggled at how similar a conversation it was to one I’d had with Jason numerous times.
“You two sound alike,” I laughed softly as Aeril walked over in front of me.
“Do we?” Aeril wondered, brushing his hand lightly across my cheek, “I never noticed… Are you all right?”
“I’m fine,” I whispered and he smiled softly but Alex pulled his attention away as Jack and Farren made their way into the room.
“There’s only one way I can think of to keep her safe…” Alex started and I saw the tension spread through them, “I’m sorry, but a blood tie is all I can come up with.”
“You can’t ask that of her,” Jack countered but Evan leaned next to my ear.
“I’m going to show you something,” he started and immediately I was seeing strings, but they only went from me to the others around us. “Breathe deep for me,” he whispered and I took a deep breath as I was suddenly seeing the entire property from a birds’ eye view but I could clearly see each person around us. “A blood tie is an exchange of blood… it can effect both parties of the exchange… the strings you’re seeing now are linked to the elite group.” A breath later and those strings were replaced by innumerable other strings, “This is the rest of the pack… Red means you would have a positive benefit while the other party would have a negative… blue is good for them and bad for you… Orange is a little better for you and a little worse for them… purple is a little better for them and a little worse for you….” Those were the only strings I saw and so he shifted the view back to the elite group where I saw black and gray strings, a couple of red and purples and yellows and greens. “Blacks and shades of it means the exchange would be harmful to both parties… the yellow means you would both benefit from it… the greens are considered some of the best connections.” The image zoomed back into the room and he lightly grabbed my arm when I swayed. “We have to do this for when a pack member marries out of the pack… Alex is going to have Kiris look at these connections in just a moment, which is why I’m warning you now… Yellow and green strings are what we seek when we do blood exchanges with humans. You have yellow strings to Jack and Elisabeth… you have green strings to Rayne, and we know he won’t allow that… and one to me….” All of the strings suddenly disappeared except for the one that I somehow hadn’t noticed before that linked me to Alex and was pure white.
What is that? I thought and Evan’s hand on my arm tightened.
“I wanted to be the one to tell you… because he won’t tell you right and he won’t show you all of this…” Evan continued softly, “The white strings… we don’t see them often… like the black is the absolute worst, the white is the absolute best… it’s an ideal blood exchange. The thing is, you would definitely become part werewolf from the exchange. But it’s best, and it’s safest….”
How much part werewolf? Even in my mind it came across as a whisper.
“Depends on how much blood is exchanged… but with the white string… you’re going to be able to turn into a wolf… even with a drop exchanged…” he gently explained and I was suddenly looking around through my own eyes again, feeling as though the world had shrunk around me. What I did see was Alex giving some direction to Kiris who nodded before closing his eyes.
What happens in a blood tie…? I hesitantly queried but Kiris’ yellow eyes had bolted open and over to me in absolute shock. He touched his brother’s arm and Aeril’s eyes shifted to him only briefly before darting to me.
“What is it? Who are her safe connections?” Alex queried, but my arms were shaking as I stared back at Kiris and barely felt Evan still holding onto me.
“She has a white string…” Kris stated almost silently, causing all of the voices in the room to go quiet.
“Who?” Alex asked just as quietly and Kris glanced at my freaked out eyes again before meeting Alex’s aqua gaze.
“You,” Kris answered, “She knew that already though….”
“Who are her other safe connections…?” Alex quietly questioned, but the kitchen was filled with the elite pack members, all of them except Samantha.
“Green is to Rayne and Evan… Yellow to Jack and Elisabeth,” Kris answered simply, but he was watching me closely, “But… besides talking to Evan… I get the feeling she can do more than that with him….”
Alex slowly turned to face me, his eyes searching my face as he laughed distantly.
“What do you know that I haven’t told you yet?” he calmly queried but I shook my head, “Everyone has approved… and we’re going to have to do a blood tie… it doesn’t matter anymore because you’re going to find out everything.”
“I know you all do stuff… reading thoughts, seeing connections, seeing futures… that kind of thing…” I faltered and he just glanced at Evan, “I can see what Evan sees… He puts the image in my head and I can see it just like he does… but he can control what I’m seeing too.”
“Truthfully… you and I should do this blood tie…” Alex started gently, “I’ll allow, against my better judgement, for you to do the blood tie with Evan instead….”
“Evan says no,” I whispered, glancing at the hand that still clasped my arm, “He says it has to be you… He says… to have Liliana look closer at the connection between you and me….”
What does she do? I thought to Evan and a new picture formed in my mind of strings between everyone present in all sorts of colors including one between Alex and me that was black and purple.
The purple? I thought to Evan, since I didn’t see any purple anywhere else, and he barely nodded, What does it mean?
“Purple is the string of fate,” Evan told me, but Liliana jumped.
“Whoa! Do that again!” she exclaimed and Evan chuckled.
“She can see me talking to you,” Evan told me, flashing an image in my mind at the same time that showed a string between the two of us that lit up silver when he spoke. 
“Sorry,” Liliana dismissed, her eyes flickering open and over to me, “That’s really cool… but Alex, your string to her is black and purple… Her fear of you and your intertwined fates.”
“Evan… tell her whatever she wants to know… we’ll do the blood tie first thing in the morning…” Alex announced, waving everyone away, “Go to bed now.”
“I want to sleep in the living room,” I murmured and Alex looked back at me before nodding his head.
“Sleep where you like. Don’t let anyone push you around, Arianna… if you don’t want them in there with you, tell them to go to bed,” Alex finalized before running his hand over his head through his hair and sighing as he went upstairs.
Evan finally released my arm as I wound my way through everyone and upstairs to change and grab my pillow and blanket. I froze when I got to the doorway to the living room and found nearly everyone lingering around it. Evan’s yellow-gold eyes met mine and he looked really serious.
Tell me who can stay he insisted within my mind and before I realized I had answered him, only Rayne, Jack, Aeril, Farren, and Evan were left in the room.
“I told them to leave,” Evan stated aloud and I laughed faintly and nodded.
“Thanks…” I mumbled and piled my stuff at the end of the sofa, “I’ll be right back… would you all please stay here…?” That was my first mistake.
“Yeah, we will,” Farren promised and I watched them stake claim to various parts of the sofa and the recliners in the room before I walked through the kitchen and out onto the back patio. That was mistake number two.
“A blood tie… with a werewolf I don’t even like… I mean, yeah, I get that he cares, he’s just got a strange way of showing it… and I know that it’s going to keep me safe from some… stupid court that I don’t know anything about to begin with, but still…” I said it beneath my breath, knowing I was still close enough to the house that my voice wouldn’t carry across the yard, “I don’t want to be fae….” That was mistake number three and I didn’t get to make another.
In a flash of black light he was standing before me; tall, angry, and definitely fae with the dark wings at his back. He grabbed my shoulder and that was all I remembered.




Dear Reader,

Whether you enjoyed this book or thought parts could really use some work, I would love to hear that feedback from you! Reviews are a key way for authors to really get in touch with their audiences! I welcome your feedback on any of my social media outlets!

Did you read this far? Here’s a reward! Get book 2 Another World in Arianna’s Tale for $0.99 during October (because I love Halloween!) with this code: PK63X.

If you want to keep up to date with my future stories, you can find me on Facebook or at my blog below (I also have a very new accounts with Instagram and Twitter, so be patient with me if you choose these option!):
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AuthorDJHumphries/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel
Blog: https://djhumphries.wordpress.com/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/d.j.humphries/
Twitter:  @DJHumphriesBook

Thank you,
D. J. Humphries













To Be Continued...

Another World in Arianna’s Tale
D. J. Humphries

Available Now
