
Back Across the Rubicon: Eight From the Land of No Return


Part One

By Anne Spackman

Original Copyright 2001

Copyright 2021 by Anne Spackman
Smashwords Edition



What if one day, you discovered you had lived a past life as a witch, shapeshifter, or sorcerer—or even Merlin! and that you still had all of your powers?  And what if you then remembered just a little more than you bargained for?  This is the story of Adam, the Fate-Weaver; Una, the Spirit of Elements, Gwion, the Shapeshifter, Svetlana, the Chaos Warrior, Aidin, the Levitator, Karl, the Mind-Chameleon, Ken, the Shadow, and Mukashi, the Visionary…

* * * * *
Long ago, eight of us, eight souls bound together by Fate, or God, I know not which, died together under phenomenal circumstances, far from the planet where we now live. But that initial death as it turned out was only the beginning of a new life, or series of lives. This much I begin to remember at the end of the journey through each new existence, each time that I die. Yes, then at last I remember the first time that I lived. My first life, my first identity, and the one that will haunt me throughout all of the others. I remember my first life as though I have woken from an odd dream and found myself again.
But now, as I, a trapped and powerless soul, am about to take form in this next new life, compelled as I am to do so by powers I do not understand, I wonder if this is the one, the one in which all of the players of an original drama that took place long before the earliest days of human civilization, will be reassembled once more. Will I remember anything about it, though, once I live again? Will the others? How I wish we could remember, but it is no use. Even the strength of my will at present cannot compel whatever power governs this world, this reality, to take pity on me and allow us to remember ourselves. My strength of will--I--have never been strong enough to surpass the force of oblivion waiting beyond this transition. 
No one can know the regret I now feel, knowing that soon my memories will be nothing again, that I will not even know myself in but a brief moment's time. And I fear that my reawakening on the Earth may never come. Because throughout the unending reincarnations, I have only snatched at flashes of the dream that haunts my existence, the dream of who I really am and once was.  But unless we remember, unless all eight of us remember ourselves, each other, and what happened in the past, none of us can ever leave this planet. Earth. We will be trapped in this earthly hell forever, paying for crimes we never even knew we have committed. 
As I make the transition from each spent life back into the dark void, before my soul grasps on to another material identity, I see and remember Kaliemer. That thirty-three souls escaped from the death of that world, a world so beautiful that it lies indescribably beyond any pale earthly concept of paradise. Then the flight of its refugees, my subsequent life on an Atlantic isle long since lost to the sea, my rebirth there as a seer among humankind-our first incarnation on the Earth-everything is lost to me. I realize that it was lost to us all. We are now the Earth's creatures, and entirely in her power. 
Yet from this life to the next crimes must be paid for, even crimes long forgotten by their perpetrators. The tally against us is never forgotten. A cruel game it is, life. Beloved faces of the distant past, of a past far from this reality and space and time... how much longer will I be able to see them, to savor their memory? And how many times have I passed by them on this world without a thought or glance, unable to recognize them for who they were? I know now that I have passed by them; I see where I could have stopped, where I was intrigued by someone but had not the courage to pursue them, where one decision might have altered my fate and brought me to my redemption. If that is still possible. For as many times as I have passed by the others, just as many times I see that we have met each other in different guises, and then orchestrated the same betrayals, the same foolishness, the same dearly bought sins. So perhaps we truly are doomed; perhaps we shall spend all eternity repeating our lives; perhaps there is no exit from this world. 
Perhaps the Earth is hell. 
***** 
Adam 
My name is about as uninteresting as it gets. Adam. Not too bad. It's biblical. Well, that has its disadvantages. Any time I ever heard of a girl in school named Eve, I avoided her like the plague in case the other wise guys at school got any funny ideas. Jones is the other half of my name. Short, but easy to remember. People tell me it's Welsh in origin, but I'm only taking their word for it. I was born and raised in middle of the road America, the good ole US of A, and I went to a regular high school, took the usual college entry exams, and got into a pretty good university, which of course my father had to sell a kidney to pay for. Or else take a second mortgage on the house. 
But my name hasn't always been Adam Jones. At least, that's what I've since come to learn-however the dreams-or maybe I should call them visions-didn't begin until I met this Chinese kid in kindergarten. His name was Ken. Kenneth Hwang, if I remember it right. 
I don't know if Ken's family was just passing through or what, 'cause Ken stayed only a few years in our little town. From the start, we just hit it off. Like we'd known each other forever. Ever had a friend like that? 
Ken was my brother, we were that close. I'd never really thought about Ken looking different from me, except that his eyes were kind of interesting, and he could talk in a strange way I thought was pretty neat. I must also have been pretty dumb back then, because I thought it was his made-up language. You can probably guess then what I did. Yup, I tried to speak like him. Ken almost wanted to believe I could, but what did he or I know? Of course I couldn't speak Chinese, not really! Or maybe he just hoped I could. There weren't any other Chinese kids in our corner of white bread America. But when I started talking, Ken started trying to correct me, as though the whole game meant a lot to him. He said he didn't know why, but I just wasn't getting it right. I didn't even understand his questions. Imagine that, I couldn't speak Chinese, not even when I tried really hard. My mother told me later that Ken's family was from Tiawan. I always remember Ken when I come across stuff with the label "made in Tiawan" now. Funny that I can't imagine what Ken would look like today. When Ken left, we made all sorts of promises to stay in touch, but we were only eight years old. No, we didn't keep our promises, flimsy eight year old's promises. But sometimes I have this odd feeling, like I'll run into Ken again. 
Maybe because of what almost happened to us just before his family moved away. 
I was crossing the street one morning with Ken on our way to catch the schoolbus. We were talking about G.I. Joe action figures-you know, they were popular in the early eighties. Then, suddenly, we were both hit by a car coming around the blind corner too fast. In a moment, we were stretched out on the road, lying broken in a pool of blood-dying. We were still holding hands fast. Ken wasn't moving at all. His face was a bloody mass, unrecognizeable, just a mass of flesh and hair. Then Ken's hand abruptly let go of mine. But I was too weak to help him, or myself- 
And then, like a clap of thunder struck me, I wasn't lying on the ground anymore. 
I was still standing on the curb by Ken, waiting to cross the road for the schoolbus. He was waving a hand over my eyes. When I came to, he gave me a pricelessly smug little look that said, "crazy Adam, what's the matter with you today?" 
I remember that I shrugged it off. Until we took a step into the street, and I turned to the right and saw the car, that deadly white car, coming around the blind corner. 
Which gave me a few seconds more this time. A few seconds to react, and I was prepared, unlike the unsuspecting Ken. I grabbed his preppy, purple IZOD shirt with all the strength in my body-it's a good thing Ken was smaller than me, because I managed to shove him back to the curb with my weight. 
The car careened into the street where we had been standing. Ken and I were sprawled on the grass, breathing hard from the shock. 
I'll never forget how Ken looked at me that day. A look of disbelief about what had happened and the realization that I, Adam Jones, his best friend, had just saved his life. 
Ken and I sat on the ground, dazed, as the car sped around the corner. Across the road, the bus driver shouted something at him and then rushed over to check on us. After that, there was a lot of commotion, people telling us how lucky we were to be alive. Even our mothers heard about the incident later. That schoolbus driver was such a gossip. 
But, three days later, Ken came over to our house and told me some awful news. His family was moving, because his father had been transferred somewhere to the west. California? I was pretty upset about the situation, but what could I have done? I was losing my brother, losing him, and madder than hell that I had to give him up to anybody or anything. Ken was mad, too, saying he'd refuse to go, that he'd defy his father and stay, even if he had to run away, which was more of a big deal for Ken than I can tell you. Ken absolutely never disobeyed his father, but he wanted to that night. I told Ken he could live with us, and we even made plans about it all. We'd live together until we grew old and had to get married to some dumb girl or whatever. And we said that if Ken was forced to leave that evening, we'd write each other. Every day. We'd be friends for life. Someday, we might even go to college together. 
But after that visit, I never saw Ken again. Maybe because we had both shared an experience that no eight year old wants to remember, we broke our promises to stay in touch after a while. Because it was easier to forget. Isn't it always? 
However, from that day on, my visions kept coming. 
***** 
"Ah-lai-nneh-sheian!" I woke up calling this, whatever it means. My throat felt like I had been yelling all of the day before while riding on roller coasters. I groped for the glass of water on my bedside table, but it was empty. I was always too lazy to refill it at night. My bedside table lamp had pelicans and sea gulls on it and the phone was in the shape of a bat.  
Then I noticed my kid brother pulling at the forest green sheet in his annoying, little-brother way. Yanking it little by little, as though I wouldn't notice. I threw back the sheet with one rough tug, discovering the giggling bundle beneath the mass of material. 
"Ah-lai-nneh-sheian!" He chirped in retaliation. Then after a second he tried to attack my face with a pillow. Typically obnoxious, the little twerp. I relieved him of the pillow and held his wrists fast. 
"You'll pay for that, rodent." I threatened, and then I pushed him away. 
"What's an Ah-lai-nneh-sheian, anyway?" Jason persisted, grabbing my arm as I got up so that he hung from it like a pendulum. "Some monster or something?" 
"No," I said emphatically, but what did the little brat know, anyway? Jason was only eight, less than half my age, and still scared of the dark, so I'd once made the mistake of allowing him to sleep in my room. Now I couldn't seem to get rid of him. He snuck in every night to sleep by me. But I'd be going away to college soon, so I let him. 
He'd brought up an interesting question, though. What was Ah-lai-nneh-sheian? I couldn't seem to remember while I was awake. 
And I knew that meant it was something important. Dreams, you see, had become my specialty. 
***** 
Now I'll admit something I've never admitted to anyone. I am not at all what I seem. Sometimes I look in the mirror and wonder who the hell that is. No one in my high school would ever imagine that I believe in visions. I'm not the type. What type am I? Tall enough to play basketball and short enough to be the running back for our football team. I've got blond hair that the girls like right now, but sometimes I worry that my blond hair might bald or go gray early. My eyes are brown, darker even than my little brother Jason's. He's half African-American and has the clearest honey-colored skin you've ever seen and big greenish-brown eyes. His eyes grab people's attention-luminous and paler than the eyes of most racially mixed kids. Jason is actually my half-brother, you see, but I never think of him as anything less than 100% my brother. I even like his mother, my step-mother Lorraine. There's no law against liking your step-mom, you know. 
What happened to my mother? My mother is why I believe in the visions. 
Because the one time when I didn't, something awful did happen. 
My mother died. 
All the time, I knew she was sick. The visions about her came not long after Ken left. For nearly a year they were telling me that she had some kind of disease, but I shut them out. I was eight years old. What eight year old wants to see visions of his beloved mother in agony, dying, leaving him forever? 
So many times I have felt guilty about it, and I wonder-if I had told her to see a doctor, would they have caught the disease in time before it spread to other organs, to her brain? Because once cancer has spread to the brain, there really isn't any hope. They say there is, but that's just to make you struggle to hang on longer. My mother believed she had a chance. And she died within the year. 
I didn't think my Dad would get over her. He was devastated by her illness and death. Actually, he met Lorraine in a group therapy session for widows and widowers about four months after mom died. Dad and Lorraine hit it off after a few weeks. Lorraine's husband had died two years before in a car accident with their daughter. I guess you'd think that people who've been through the death of a loved one would pine forever and not be able to live with someone else, or love someone else so soon. But Dad and Lorraine understood each other and each other's grief better than anyone else. They fell in love in no time, maybe because they had come to know just how precious every moment of life is. It's a gift, a gift that can be taken away at any moment. So why delay? Why not admit to yourself and others what you feel? Why not take a chance and see where it leads? It can't be any worse than not knowing, not trying, and living with regret that you let life pass you by. My mother told me that, and I still remember it. I remember all of the things she said before she died, the advice she gave me when she told me how she gave up her dreams of becoming an artist. I have never forgotten any of it. I will not have the same regrets, I promised her. 
Dad was only just thirty-two when mom died; Lorraine was twenty-seven. She never tried to replace my mother, but in the past ten years, I've started to think of her as one. She's really cool, funny as all hell, and we're close. I'll always love my mother, but I love Lorraine, too. She's been there for me through thick and thin, when I needed help with algebra, through a bout of scarlet fever, when I needed advice about what to say to girls. I even think my mother would have been glad to know that Dad found someone, someone who has been a great mother to me, even after Jason came along. She never made me feel second best in our family, never spoiled Jason or starved me of maternal consideration and love. Maybe she knows how important the bond between brothers are, and she wanted Jason and I to feel it, feel it strongly. We do. Thanks to Lorraine. It would have been nearly impossible to love Jason if I had been jealous of him. And Lorraine's brother, "Uncle Mark", is the one who taught me to play football. Dad played hockey and basketball, but he tells me hockey is a passport to big dental bills, so I should stick with basketball. I did, until junior year, I tore my ACL in my knee. No Big NCAA career for me. I can still play the game after rehabilitation, but my life has definitely taken a strange twist. It's funny how that is, how suddenly your reality can change, how suddenly your expectations and goals can change. I had dreams of being like Michael Jordan once upon a time. Now I'd be happy to get a scholarship to any DIV III school that will take me. 
Hey, I could get a scholarship. In fact, I already know I will, at least a partial scholarship, and I know where I 'm going, even though I haven't gotten any acceptance letters yet. I've seen it. I am going to New Haven, Connecticut, to Yale. 
Hard to believe, isn't it? But I'm not as dumb as I look. And I swear, I didn't cheat to get there. 
I could have cheated. It would have been so easy. The visions would have helped me. They have so often before. They used to be something I had no control over; I'd see things before they happened, and if I was lucky I'd remember them just before they did. That was how I could manipulate fate. I could change what was supposed to happen. If there is a price to pay for what I do, I don't know what it is yet. I used to think fate was asking me to change things a little, like it had changed its mind and needed someone to do its dirty work. Now I'm not so sure I even believe in fate at all. I'm beginning to think chaos runs everything in the world. And for some reason, when the destructive forces of that chaos are gathering, I can sense it. I can see it. And I can thwart it. 
But that was just the beginning. Now, I can control the visions, if I concentrate on controlling them. At least, I can sometimes. And now I know that there is a price to pay for what I can do. The biggest one of all is guilt. The second is that manipulating the visions, forcing them to let me see what I want to see about people, rather than letting them come naturally, usually tires me out to some degree for days. The third hidden cost is disillusionment, which I'll explain. 
For example, when I want to, if I'm interested in a girl, I can find out things about her. I see what matters to her, glimpses of her past, things she has done. If I like what I see, I have a million things to think about-but I'll get back to that. That I seldom do like what I see is the sad thing. And that's what I mean about disillusionment. So many people you think are fantastic are actually quite disappointing. Nobody's what they seem. At least it's nice to know that I'm not alone in that. 
But say if I like the girl, then what do I do? How does she know I know these things about her? Or will she accuse me of asking her friends for insider information? What if I find out she's been abused by her father, or sexually molested, what do I do then to help her when I shouldn't even know about it? 
It's a predicament. The visions always let me see more than I bargained for. And then I feel guilty that I've invaded her privacy, if I really like the girl and wish I could have gotten to know her over time. 
Oh, and I forgot about the last price I've paid. I'm probably one of the most jaded cretons ever put on the Earth. How it is I manage to keep my sense of humor, I'll never know. Maybe I have Lorraine to thank for that, too. 
Who is, by the way, one of the best people I've ever known, I can see now. I'm not saying I can find out everything about people, just a few things that make them different, things that weigh them down, obvious things eating them up or events that made a profound impact on their lives. Even now, now that the visions have grown in power, I still can't manipulate them entirely, or find out everything I want to know. 
Did I mention how tempting and frightening they can be, even to a jaded wise ass? Because you always want to know, always want to see what you can after a while, and at the same time, you're scared shitless of finding out so much you don't want to know about. There's a never ending supply of shit you don't want to see out there. And you've got know way of knowing where to expect it, because appearances are so deceiving. 
I'm not really a bad guy, you know. I don't just use everything I see for personal gain. I'm proud to say that I've helped a whole lot of people to get ahead when they should, when they deserve it. A lot of great people just need a little push by someone like me. Like this mousey girl Jane I once knew, really a talented pianist under it all, only she wouldn't believe it. I figured I should use my popularity to help her-it's surprising how many people will listen to someone they look up to, when they should know the same things already and listen to their inner self telling them so. 
But I'm no saint, either. Sometimes I feel bad when I go vigilante, like when I find things out and decide I need to punish people for the secret little crimes they think they can get away with. Who am I, after all, to judge? I don't bother unless the crimes are something that starts to drive me carzy just knowing about them, like when someone is hurting a hell of a lot of people and not just himself, 'cause I hate tattletales and would never want to be one. Then again, sometimes, you have to draw the line. 
You may not believe that I didn't cheat to get into Yale. I could have. I could have thought really hard, forced the visions to make me see that acceptance letter-and yes, then fate would have altered itself to accommodate my wishes. I learned I could do this the hard way-how, I'm not going to admit. But the saying does go, "be careful what you ask for, because you just might get it". I have to agree. And the trouble is, when you don't feel like you've earned something on your own merit, it just doesn't mean a damn thing to you. I used to think it would, but I don't any more. Would you believe it? A jaded wise ass like me, and I've actually got a conscience. 
I'm going off to college in a few weeks now, and I've suddenly started wondering about Ken, where he is, what college he's going to, if he remembers me at all. But I don't know enough about what's happened to him to force the visions to let me see him. That's the one drawback. The visions have to do with me, what is actually supposed to happen to me, or with someone in close personal proximity to me, or they don't work. I can't just imagine that Michelle Pfeiffer is going to come to my doorstep and make it happen. But that's a good thing, I tell myself. I have no idea what I would do to manipulate the world if I thought I could get away with it. And maybe I don't want to know. 
Most of all, I'm afraid of finding out some day that there really is nothing and no one to stop me. 
***** 
Una 
Some people say that there's absolutely nothing to do in Dunipace, at least for young people. If you want to see a film or go to the baths then you've got to take a bus into Stirling or Falkirk. And if you want to have some real fun, you head into Glasgow or Edinburgh for a rave.  Dunipace has got a small shop where you can pick up groceries, or as we say "do your messages" and a children's playground, a giant wooden fortress where teenagers hang out to smoke and drink and throw glass bottles around. 
The district council which governs us got rid of the cinema a few years back and turned it into a bingo hall, but then the bingo hall closed down a few years later. And before the seventies I hear the downtown was a decent place to look at, but that was before the council tore down the old stone town centre and built a strip of thoroughly ugly high-rises in its place. They called it progress. 
Anyway, that's Denny, another town actually, annexed to the old borough of Dunipace. Dunipace, Scotland is where my mum and I lived, just over the big hill where they used to hold the gala fair and where the old chestnut tree stands that Charles I planted back in about 1660, though to be honest, I'm a bit hazy on the actual date. Now it's burned out a little from when some vandal set the old tree on fire a few years ago.  Ravens and gulls  make homes in it.  Our house is on Hazel Crescent.  It's a council house, one of a strip of grey buildings built more than fifty years ago to address the post war housing shortage, a two-bedroom unit which my mum got just after I was born. 
Not far down the road where Gran and I used to walk is a glen, but more than just a plain old glen to me. Actually, it's probably not that special, but I always thought it was when I was younger. In days gone by whole families went down for a swim and a picnic there by the banks of the River Carron; they made fires and drank tea and picked wild rasps and watched young ones splash around in frigid water that set teeth chattering. One of the adventurous would attempt to cross the river on a path of overgrown stones and inevitably slip. The onlookers by the banks would always be waiting for it, and then roar with laughter. Today the sign for the glen still stands on a fork in the rural country road, but the path through the field and along the glen has become overgrown in recent years. In some places, it has actually become treacherous. You can plummet or tumble down a sixty foot slope easily. 
You see, the railing has broken in several places on the higher slopes, where tree roots and loose stones challenge even the sure-footed to keep steady. One misstep, and that's it. Deep in the glen lies the hermitage where a man once dwelled alone hundreds of years gone by, but few make it to the ruin now before turning round and heading back. Though the glades of fern are as lovely as ever, the glen has turned into a dump, actually. I hate change. 
Not far from the glen is another, more ancient ruin, a remnant of Antonine's wall set by the Romans to hold back the men of the North, similar to Hadrian's wall, which now lies in England. We used to play on the old fort where Roman soldiers once kept watch. But you've got to be careful if you go poking about the field. The Romans dug these pits and lined them with sharp spikes to impale charging Celts. If you aren't careful, the pits could still do you in. Not many people ever go there now. 
In the other direction from Dunipace towards Denny, past the foot of the hill and the small post office across the road from the Stirling-bound bus stop, lies the path to Tor Wood and the ancient Tor Wood Castle where William Wallace, one of Scotland's noblest heroes, was once lured and captured. My cousins and I used to walk to the Tor Wood and creep up on the old castle. I heard that somebody bought it years back to fix up the place, put up the fallen stones, but he must have died way back in the sixties, because the castle is just sitting there now, half re-finished, with a derelict look about it. 
Dunipace is steeped in ancient history. It is, after all, just about the oldest borough in Scotland. To my young eyes, it was a city drowning in ancient glory, and my country was a land of mysticism, myth, and tragic nobility. 
Still, the young people of Denny have nothing to do. A few generations ago, Denny was a thriving town on the only main road between Glasgow and Edinburgh, where prosperous paper mills and foundaries flourished; today there is only one mill left, and those who can't find a job at the Castle Fish and Chip Shop or in double-glazing end up on the dole. That's an exaggeration, I'll admit. I just feel bitter about the depression here. Few people in all of Britain could understand the hopelessness of the young Scot, or the stubborn pride of this scant population, robbed of any kind of prosperous future, living off nostalgia of their heroic past. 
I guess you can tell that I'm not too fond of the English, but not because of the Act of Union three hundred years ago. Because I have this idea that they take out North Sea oil without giving us compensation and buy out our industries just to move them down to England. It's a slow strangulation that has lasted a thousand years, only now they're finding more efficient ways of accomplishing it. That I call "the civilized man's way of destroying his enemy." 
When anybody walks down the hill, once home to a castle that burned down a hundred years ago during a birthday party, a hillside which was beautiful only ten years ago in my early childhood, they now have to watch out for glass pieces all along the path; older people just move by silently, taking in the sight of a city rotting from within. I wonder about the way it once was, about how they, our elders, see us, the young people, now, but most of all I try to avoid the taunts the fort-dwellers throw down at me, my fellow classmates at Denny High School. 
"Go home, Packie!" 
I can't seem to make them believe that I'm not from Pakistan. I don't even really look as though my father was an Indian, except that I have olive skin like an Italian. My hair is naturally auburn, and my eyes are blue-green. When I go the Highlands to visit my great-grandmother Sinclair or my cousins the MacLeods in Skye, they say I look like a Highlander, though my Gaelic isn't good, I'll admit. The Pictish Highlanders, you know, were little and dark, like me. But I'm only half-Scottish. 
My father isn't from Pakistan. He's a Hindu from New Delhi, which makes a big difference to me, but not to those taunting me.  Not that I have anything against Pakistanis. It's just that I'm not one of them. My mother is Jean MacQuarrie, and Scottish through and through, with hair blonder than butter. The MacQuarries were an ancient clan of noble Scots, related to the line of the ancient Scottish kings, way back in 800AD and earlier. I was born Una Jane Sinclair MacQuarrie and raised in Denny. Everyone knows this, that my Gran lived just down the road on Chestnut Crescent, and still they've been calling me "Packie" all my life. 
Well, I have to admit, since our recent trip to Ben Nevis, most of them have stopped taunting me. All except Gordon Frasier. 
Gordon and I are in the school races all of the time. He's fast, very fast, a right Eric Liddell, but not as fast as I am. Our trainer says that if God gave me nothing else, he gave me golden legs. It's amazing, he says, that a girl so slight could be so fast. I've also started hurdles recently and even the high jump, ever since coach discovered that I'm not only swift, but supposedly an extraordinary jumper as well. I have to laugh because that's why Mum put me in track. I wouldn't stop jumping all over the living room couch. I never really though of myself as athletic when I was younger, maybe because I'm not tall enough to be a team sport player. But my Uncle Robert Cameron MacQuarrie used to take me on long hikes into the wild Scottish countryside, up braes and glens and Highland slopes and through all kinds of foul weather. He's as hardy as the land itself, my Uncle Robert. And to be honest, I've never minded either rain, sleet, or snow, frost or shine, which he says is as singularly splendid thing for a girl as it is unusual. Uncle Robert says he didn't even have to teach me how to climb hills and cross burns. He's tried more times than I can count to unbalance me on narrow paths, but he says I'm like a cat. I never lose my balance. Which is why he took me to Ben Nevis in the first place, when I was eleven years old. 
Ben Nevis is a mountain outside Fort William, a town of about 11,000 people on the western coast of Scotland. I love Fort William, absolutely love it, every misty mountain view and the sea smell, but then I prefer the rugged, misty mountainous western coast of Scotland to the flat, dull east. Ben Nevis is the highest mountain in Britain, which is why so many mountain climbers come to Fort William. The mountain has a relatively sheer face as well as a sloping side. Beginners take the sloping side, but Uncle Robert had us up the other, where at least 4 or 5 climbers perish every year. Mum found out about it and never let Uncle Robert hear the end of it for taking an eleven year old girl on the treacherous slope. She also put our other outings to an end, even the day trips to Loch Lomond, north of Glasgow, and our little picnics in Glencoe, in the central Highlands north of Crief and Calander. Uncle Robert still takes me to Perth, Aberdeen, and Dundee now and again, when Mum has time to come with us and keep an eye on him. She's a nurse at a hospital in Edinburgh and busy most of the time. So for a long time after Mum ended our day trips, I just sat about the house on holidays and weekends, or else went to the cinema or shopping at the Thistle Centre in Stirling with Caroline Thomson, my closest pal. Then she moved north to Inverness, near Loch Ness, and a year later, I discovered I could run. 
I turned sixteen just last week, right about the time that a load of us from school went on a trip to Ben Nevis. 
That was when it happened. And why everyone at school has stopped calling me "Packie". 
We were climbing Ben Nevis when we saw the climber high above us lose his footing and swing out on his safety cord. Everyone else gaped. I didn't really think and just reacted to help him. What the hell could I do? You might wonder. 
I must have nearly reached him when I realized he was going to fall. And then the whispers started--the whispers? I suppose I should explain that. 
When I was little, I thought the whispers were the ghosts of dead clansmen from battles of long ago, the fallen on the field of Culloden or Falkirk. The wind seemed able to communicate things to me about the state of the land, about the animals living there, foxes, badgers, and sheep, but most of all, I could sense the weather. It was only when I began hiking with my Uncle Robert and got lost for an entire afternoon in the cold, drear wild that I learned I wasn't just attuned to the forces of nature around me, but that I could understand them, and that I could control them. I was lost in a bog, and trying to find my way back to my uncle, when I stepped deep into the peat and couldn't get out. Many have died in the peat bogs, which are like wet quicksand. They even found a mediaeval knight perfectly preserved--right to his last meal of porridge in his stomach--under the bogs earlier that same year. 
Small wonder that on that day, I grew distraught with panic and terror.  And the drizzling rain set in hard.  I cried out in fear.  And the wind howled around me, feverish and undulating. I struggled.  And the clouds above my head began racing swifty across the sky, as though tossed frenetically and set adrift by a torrent of wind… and as I screamed for help, thunder rolled over the land.  
I ceased moving, half out of fear, and half because an odd realization had sunk in at that moment. Could it be-that the land was responding to me? But how could that be? And then I stopped and listened to the faint whispering sounds I had long avoided by finding distractions, by finding someone or somewhere safe and secure to drown them out. I was no longer afraid of them. Let them come! Come whispers, work whatever evil you may upon me!  I shall be strong.  I am not afraid of you. 
The whispers swirled about me, but wrought no harm upon me. Instead, they seemed to open doorways in my mind, doorways invisible to human eyes, ears, and senses. 
Can you imagine it? It seems so strange to say, what I discovered. That the force of the world has a life all its own, in tune with nature. That no animal on Earth would ever again shy away from my touch or approach, though I am a human being. Because they know now that I understand them. Because now I can communicate with them in their own language that lies beyond the limited range of human ears, a language of the same nature as the whispers, a language partially belonging to what humans only hear as silence. I learned that the garden in my back green survived the long frost only because I cared for it, because I willed it so to survive. I never suspected all along that my love for the land was as a mother watching over her children. I never suspected that I had the power to influence the growth of things. Of course, I can't just make something grow from nothing. But it seems I have always been able to influence what is already growing, the power to steer the course of what is already in motion. 
And I discovered that I could control the weather. It listened to me, reacted to my emotional state. Could it react to my rational mind, the force of my will? I wondered, and even dared to find out. 
As I stood there, trapped in the mire of the peat bog, I didn't scream out loud. In my mind, a silent but strong desire that the rain should stop formed. I willed it to stop with all my might. 
The rain abruptly stopped. 
I can't say how many experiments it took me before I realized that for some reason beyond my understanding, I could influence the weather directly in contact with me. And I could influence the state of the land, which was how I escaped the bog. I simply willed the land to solidify under my feet and launch me slowly upwards until I was free again. 
That was why, on Ben Nevis once more, I knew I could direct the wind to blow the climber towards a safe ledge. It seemed almost miraculous in the end, the way it happened. The wind picked up and hurled him towards me on the mountain. And somehow I was able to grab a firm hold of him before he was tossed away to the land below; somehow also we avoided a powerful collision between us with the force his impact should have made against me on the ledge. 
For some odd reason, The Scottish Daily Express made me out as some kind of heroine the next day. Maybe because my classmates were spinning wild tales about what had happened. When I thought about it, though, I had to admit that catching him as I had seemed pretty unbelievable. Well, it was, for everyone else. 
Since that afternoon, all I can think about is the rush of exhilaration I felt. I felt it in the wind when my concern for that man's safety amplified my power. I still hear that delicious sound, even now when I'm not running races. And I'm not trying to escape from it any more. 
I look forward to it now. 
***** 
Gwion 
Carmarthen, which our people call Caerfryddin, on the winding Towy River, is 8 miles from Gwili, once the seat of government in South Wales, and lies in Carmarthenshire. There are only 13,000 people in Carmarthen, so you'd probably never guess that our town is the centre of the county, but a lot of railway lines pass through here and we have a grand county market. And where there's money and trade, there's people, even though lots of us move off to Cardiff or London for jobs these days. 
Carmarthen might mean nothing to you, but it's the focus of Celtic life in South Wales, and our city has been here since time out of mind. Some people say that the Romans occupied the site of Roman Maridunum "that which is now by change of name Cayr Marrddin called", if you can believe tourism. The ruined back walls of this ancient Roman city were supposed to have still been standing in the time of Giraldus Cambrensis in 1147-1223AD. For certain, the Normans built a walled castle here before 1066, which was captured by Owain Glendwy in 1403 and 1405. In the Middle Ages Carmarthen was an important port. At one point in the 18th century, I hear ours was even the largest town in Wales. When I was a boy, I used to go to the county museum where there is a stone from Castle Dwyran with a Latin and Ogham inscription to Voteporix, a Prince of Demetia Dyfed in the 6th century. 
Voteporix, I have dreams about him. Strange dreams. Dreams about the pug-faced, barrel-chested brute who could drink any man under the table but fancied himself a heroic saint, before there were any in Wales. You'd almost think that I knew him! 
But my favourite place in Carmarthen is the old stump still in the priory, the stump of an oak tree. When I was a boy, I went there to play, until one of the village priests warned me of playing there, and then told me some nonsense about the lingering spirits of the ancient pagans possessing the living. 
After all, that stump I was playing on was Merlin's oak. 
Yes, Merlin. You know about Merlin? The wizard who guided King Arthur of Camelot? Stuff and nonsense, right?  Nothing but legend, right?  Merlin never existed, right? 
Wrong. Merlin was a real man, and he was born in Carmarthen, you see. Ask anyone born in Wales if he doesn't know about that, because it's true. Carmarthen may not be Camelot, but Merlin the sage, Myrddin, Marddin, as he is also called, was born here, just like me. 
Me? My name at present is Gwion Rhys. Gwion is a strange Welsh name, but my mother liked it, a simple woman though she is. She claims never even to have given a thought to the stories when she named me. In Wales there are stories of a man named Gwion Bach, who was given the task of stirring the magic cauldron of the witch Ceridwen, the cauldron of knowledge, and when three drops of its liquid fell on his hands, he put his finger in his mouth to soothe the burn and in so tasting the magic liquid gained supernatural insight. Ceridwen then pursued him, for he had taken the cauldron's power, but Gwion Bach fled her by turning himself into various animal shapes: a swift hare, a mighty hawk, until at last he became a grain of wheat to hide from her. But Ceridwen turned herself into a black hen and ate him, and nine months later, bore him as her own child again. Though she had not forgotten her grudge against him, now she found she could not kill him and so instead set the infant adrift in the sea in a leather bag, where he was found by Elphin son of Gwyddno and friend of King Arthur. And Gwyddno reared the child and called him Taliesin, who became prime bard of the Cymri, the Welsh people. So went the tale. There are many others. Some which say that Taliesin was the Merlin. 
***** 
When I was little, I was convinced I was Merlin. 
I dreamed about him obsessively by the time I was seven years old, and after a while, I started to tell everyone that I was Merlin. I suppose I thought I was playing a game, or else I told myself it was only a game. Of course, my elder sister Olwen never believed me. She was so practical, a smart, bossy thing five years old than me. 
"Mum, Gwion's talking his Merlin nonsense again. The poor boy's daft!" she would cry every time I started playing Merlin about the house; of course I preferred to be called "Myrddin", but Olwen never caught on. And if her mates Lina and Elise came by, she instructed them to tease the poor little brother who paraded about like an ancient wizard. 
Poor Olwen. After a while, her mates were more intrigued by the idea than contemptuous. They'd cluster round me at tea-time and ask me to tell them tales of the ancient days, while she protested mightily. Now after a while, all of her friends adored me, the "clever little boy". They'd chuck my hair with affection and laugh at my folly, as much as they loved every word of it. 
I don't remember exactly when I had read them often enough to have learned them by heart.  Isn't it odd? Every tale I pick up holds such a familiar quality that I can remember it in detail after one reading, as though I am only refreshing my own memory, though sometimes, I seem to get them wrong. Or at least, I remember them differently than other people, who fancy themselves well versed in folklore. There's my Uncle Richard, who always corrects my renditions of Myrddin's flight to the north. I asked him if he thinks that every legend is set down as it actually happened. He used to say “you’ve just forgot yourself, master Merlin," in a snide, patronising way. 
After a while, though, people began to tire of my Merlin game. By the time I turned ten, they told me to grow up and stop spinning nonsense through my head. All except my three little sisters, bless them, who always believed everything I said. 
The only problem is, it was around that time that I discovered I really was Merlin. 
One night, I had this strange dream. I dreamed about a fire, and about an ancient misty island, not Clas Myrddin, not Myrddin's Enclosure, what is now known as Great Britain, but somewhere else far away. And then I came to Carmarthen. I remember faces as if out of a dream, but if I think on them, I can hear their voices, feel the crisp memories of a time when I walked among them as I now live in this present. And then, on the field of a gory battle where the visions took me, I saw myself with arms raised aloft, felt my body changing into a creature some say comes from hell, though I know now it is not so. I became the red dragon of Wales. I was this man known as Merlin. And as the years passed, I was able to transform my body into younger guise, year by year, until my powers grew weaker… when, at last-- 
I died. 
I woke up, on the verge of screaming madness, but in the silent morning before dawn, I found myself suddenly quite calm. And I listened to my breathing, the sound of life within my body. 
My powers had returned. 
For only a moment, I paused to wonder if I was not in fact this creature that once bore the name Merlin as easily as I bear the name Gwion now. I wondered if the spirit of the man had merely possessed me, but since that morning I have come to realize that these things are one and the same. 
I am a shapeshifter. As Merlin was. As Gwion Bach was. I can turn myself into anything I desire. I can even do more. If I touch you, I can turn you into something other than what you are. Of course, it won't last. I can seldom make a transformation last permanently. It takes so much life from me to do that. But I have done it, yes, when it had to be done, though not yet in this life. 
Those who truly know me say I have an old soul. It may surprise you that I have some enormous faults, though vanity isn't really one of them. But I do have excessive claustrophobic fears, and an unreasoning fear of fire. 
I am Merlin, you see. 
And I love music. Would it surprise you that I can sing? That I have a natural gift for picking up musical instruments? I try not to let anyone know that, but sometimes I have dreams about starting a simple rock band, or some such nonsense; after all, what else do I need to prove? If the whole world knew I thought I was Merlin, they'd have me locked away in a heartbeat. 
And discover that their cages can't hold me. 
But don't ask me if I can animate inanimate objects. I can't turn a piece of wood into a human being. There are limits, grave limits even, as to what I can do. There are things, moreover, which I will not even attempt. Merlin knew it. I know it. 
I may be intrigued by things, and I may involve myself in other people's affairs over much at times, but I'm not manipulative. Nor do I get involved at the first. I can change whatever object I want to suit me, so after a while that power has become a bit boring. I'd rather see how others respond to what they're given. Yes, I am an observer, and I try not to miss anything, in case I do have to become involved. And because I enjoy watching the intrigues of people, the endless games they play. I have to admit, I am easily bored, but if something does interest me, I can stick to it watching it forever. 
By the time I was fourteen, I realized also that my powers will extend further than I imagined. I have seen it in Merlin's future. One day these powers will also come back to me, and I shall be able to "switch souls" as it were, to take a soul and put it into another object. But will I ever? I know also that I will be able to divine what something will become if it is left alone to become what it will, all by sensing its nature. Merlin never did learn to stop using this talent once he learned how to; and unfortunately, he often afterwards kept that thing from becoming what it would. But you see, in this way, through divination of what something might become, he could see some of the future, even though he could not often change it. Can anyone direct the future, though, at will? Can anyone alter fate just because they will it so? Can anyone influence the outcome of the future? Wouldn't that be impossible? 
Well, I guess I can do the impossible. At some point, I will even be able to stop myself from aging almost entirely. 
Unless I die first. 
***** 
When I was fourteen, my father also got a fantastic job teaching at a boy's school in a large town called Bedford, in England, and my world changed. We left Wales behind forever for England, Lloegyr, 'the lost land' that once belonged to our people-we moved to southern England just fifty miles north of London, all except my elder sister, Olwen, who married her boyfriend and moved to Aberstywyth. Carmarthen became a memory, and before me lay a new world of possibilities. 
My father had taken a post as a history teacher at Bedford School for boys, a large public, enormously expensive school with a long and glorious tradition of preparing future Oxford and Cambridge graduates; both universities are close by, and Bedford uses the "Oxbridge" A-level examinations. There is also a girl's school on Bromham Road in the city near the Harpur Center. I see them every day in their checked black and white skirts just to the knee, their smart blue blazers with the blazing green logo on the chest, their blue and white striped ties, their long black tights and black shoes. They may be English girls, snotty upper crust English girls, but I can't seem to care much about that anymore. The sixth form girls fascinated me from upper fifth onward, especially their long, thickly dark black tights. 
Yes, at fourteen, I entered the lower fifth form among the wealthy pupils of Bedford School, which is also a boarding school for rich boys from around the world. Our main rival in the area is the Kimbolton School down the road, which John Major's son attended. At the time, John Major was the Prime Minister of England. 
At sixteen, I took my GCSC's and passed with high marks, which you'd expect from a schoolteacher's son. I went on to A-levels, and chose four, rather than the usual three, subjects for university study: English, history (two main subjects), chemistry, and maths. After nearly two years now, it's time to take the dreaded A-level exams. I have mine on June 2, 15, 27, July 3, and 7. The timed exams will last nearly all day, but I'm not afraid, even if I fail them and have to wait another entire year to resit them next year before I can go to university. If I fail, my two years of study will count for nothing, nothing at all. But so what? I ask myself. I wouldn't mind a year of independent study. My predictions, what my teachers think I am going to get on my exams, are what counts anyway, since we've already applied to our universities with them, withou having the real results yet. I don't even know yet what I've been predicted, but I want to go to Oxford on scholarship, and I've applied there. If I can't get high enough marks on the actual A-level exams for Oxford, I'll go north, to Edinburgh, or South, to the London School of Economics. I have no intention of going back to Wales yet. It would be too painful to see my beloved country through my new eyes, eyes that know what luxuries the rich can afford, and what the simple people of Wales live without in their daily lives. 
At first I hated Bedford High. I hated the snotty English students with their superior airs, the indolent common room where the pupils lounged about in pampered study, drinking hot tea or coffee, or just gossiping about girls. Left alone, boys will be boys, you know. No woman would want to hear it all. But after four years, I've really found my niche here. I've got friends that don't care that I'm Welsh, or call me "coal miner' anymore just because I spoke nothing but Welsh until I was seven years old. In fact, that's why they all say I sound like Anthony Hopkins. He was Welsh, too, you know, and made it in the wider world, after all. 
Well, I may sound like him, but I don't look a thing like him. My hair is crow black,mor ddu â'r frân as we say in Welsh, and my eyes are green. It wasn't until I was fifteen and in the upper fifth form that I had any inkling that I was attractive to women. My sister Helen, who went to Bedford High School for girls and was younger than me by a year, happened to tell me that the girls there were all mad for me. As shocking as it was first to even imagine this, the discovery soon became like an aphrodesiac to me. After a while, I couldn't stop prowling the streets of Bedford hoping to encounter the princesses of Bedford, those checked-skirt wearing, overindulged darlings of high society. I'd stroll down the tree-shaded Embankment by the river Ouse prowling them like a cat and waiting for them to walk past during the hour from twelve to one fifteen, when they were off on lunch, and after four. Long, lethargic looks only seemed to make the girls more interested. Sometimes my mates would join me in my game just for a laugh, and because the game had begun to intrigue them as well. I was only fifteen, only in the fifth form, and even the girls of the upper sixth form were making cow eyes at me. It was unbelievable. 
This was real power, more heady than any I had known. For a long time, until perhaps upper sixth, I thought it was the most powerful force on Earth, this power I had over women. I thought it was invaluable, exciting, even more exciting that turning lead into gold. 
Until I realized that they were only mad for an illusion. 
***** 
Svetlana 
The thing that bothers me most is when Americans rip on Russia. Russia the weak, Russia the inferior, Russia the backward, Russia the crumbling, crime-infested Empire... 
Okay, I may not be living there anymore, but I do remember Russia, and I really get sick of people knocking a place they don't understand and have never been to. Even after years of living under Soviet oppression, I can still say I love Russia. I still remember our dacha, like a villa, in the southern countryside near Rostov-on-Don, the warm summer sun, the scent of Russia in my youth, fields of Russian wheat, a land golden and wide and wild, the fresh air, silver birches like ghosts in the moonlight, and the much anticipated summer holiday trips to the Black Sea, where we'd sun ourselves on the beaches, sing Cossack songs and love songs, and eat ice creams that put Baskin Robbins to shame. Life was simple back then, and I knew how to enjoy simple pleasures. 
I've been living here in Chicago now since I turned twelve, back in 1990. My father, Alexei Makarov, is a nuclear physicist.  He brought our family to the University of Chicago where he is doing research and my brother and I are finishing high school at the lab school here.  
The University of Chicago?  One of America's top universities, it looks like Oxford or Yale, with old gothic buildings, and it's absolutely dripping with Nobel laureates, though it never ceases to amaze me that almost no one in America has ever heard of it.  Harvard, yes. Yale, yes. MIT, yes. The U of C?  Not really. It's unbelievable. And yet I know people in Russia who know about the school, people in Japan, Korea, and abroad who would eagerly send their children to The University of Chicago. The first controlled sustained nuclear reaction was achieved here; the Enrico Fermi Insititute is here. Foreigners have heard of The University of Chicago more than the average American, unless you talk about the character Indiana Jones, or about movies like "When Harry met Sally". It's almost sad.  
I do love America in some ways, and I will miss it when I have to leave. Especially Hyde Park, the community where I live, that I know so well. But I will be glad to go home to Moscow, at least I tell myself so. After all, I'm not an American citizen; I can't stay here. But I have only been back to Russia to visit twice in the last five years. My mother got tired of America and trying to learn English and left a year ago, though she comes to visit. I'd never admit to her that I really wish I had a mother figure in my life, now when I need a female role model the most. I am seventeen years old, after all. And though I am told I look very feminine, I don't feel it at all, except that I am most definitely interested in guys. I suppose I'll be going back to Moscow next year to live with her and go to university. I think I will study English and physics--it would please my father, and I like physics well enough. There is a future in it. And a future for Russia, if I can make her strong again somehow. 
It's really strange, though, growing up in a college community. I and my friends from the lab school sometimes like to go to the C-shop in the Reynold's Club on campus and check out undergraduate men, especially on Wednesdays when the C-shop sells super thick mint shakes for a dollar. And sometimes we try to get invited to the frat house parties on South University. I've heard the street called "Fraternity Row", but there really aren't many houses or frat parties, and they usually ask for university student ID's. There are undergraduates everywhere, especially at the Medici, a popular pizza place where my friends and I hang out, and sometimes they think we're students at the university and ask us out. I'm pretty tall, you see, and I've been told I look and act much older than I am. Maybe because I'm Russian, my friends say. We Russians are so tough, so serious, so hard sometimes, they say. Another prejudice. They should see my father when he's telling his silly stories after a few vodkas. 
Anyway, across from the frat houses on University Avenue is the Henry Crown Field House, the university's large, main athletic center, and then there's my favorite place in all of Hyde Park, Bartlett Gymnasium, though the Joseph Regenstein library around the corner runs a close second. Granted, I'm probably one of the only people in Hyde Park who'd say so, but I love Bartlett Gymnasium. It's small compared to modern facilities, dusty, arctic in winter and hellish hot in summer, run-down, but so what? It has character, history, and I love it. 
How is it I'm allowed in? Well, my father's an off and on professor as well as a researcher here, so I've had a facilities pass to both of the University gyms since I was twelve years old. There's a glorious stained glass window with a scene of Ivanhoe at the front of Bartlett Gymnasium. Yes, yes, we in Russia have heard of Sir Walter Scott. And Bartlett Gym does sort of look like a castle with its dark grey stone--at least, it does to me. Best of all, there's a gymnastics center on the second floor which hardly anyone uses, and a bunch of quirky, fascinating, die-hard gymnasts who stick it out, even in a decrepit facility with old equipment, bare walls, poor insulation, and bad lighting. Gymnastics and football were the university's first two sports, actually, though you'd never know that the way the athletics department has been trying to strangle the sport here. 
I've done gymnastics since I was four years old, and they let me practice on their trampoline. The informal coach there is friendly with my father. His name is Dan Haworth, and he's sharp-minded, tough as a steel wire, feisty, at times glowingly lecherous. I've heard that he was once a navy seal, and perhaps an American spy, that he has political connections. For one thing, he gets invited to mayoral events, and knows the mayor, Richard Daley, personally. Anyway, Haworth's smart as they come, witty, and eccentric, and was once a champion power lifter before he became a gymnast back in the sixties and worked out with famous gymnasts like Tsukahara in Japan. Anyone who thinks gymnastics is only for girls and for sissies should spend an afternoon with him, and he'll set them straight. Haworth's survived the navy seals and more injuries than a team of football players put together, a lung transplant, and is still doing back flips. If you want a definition of incredible, there it is. 
And I thought I had no fear. At least that's what my father always used to say about me. I'm like him, easy-going, pretty good-natured, I think, rational--yes, even though every American guy I know seems to think women can't be. But damn it, I love Aristotle and Descartes. Give me logic, please. And order. Chaos drives me quite mad. 
I've been hanging around Bartlett Gymnasium for years, without troubling anybody or finding any trouble myself, until just last week, when I met one of the undergraduates and knew that something…. was going to happen. 
Kenneth Hwang is a third year pre-med student, and a great tennis player, I found out later. But at the time that I met him in Bartlett Gym, he was doing Aikido I think, or some kind of martial art, in the corner where the student athletic clubs practice. Some of the clubs use the gymnastics mats, you see, now and again. I was minding my own business, doing a series of flips on the trampoline, when Ken came over. I swear he was over in the corner one moment, and then right by the trampoline the next. The guy moved so quickly, I hardly noticed him until he was there. Then he introduced himself to Haworth and asked our coach if he could join the gymnastics club even without prior experience--I heard him explaining that he was trying to learn flips for martial arts. But it seemed they were a lot harder than he thought, and he'd appreciate real instruction on the proper technique, as well as the opportunity to practice them on the trampoline.  Haworth is a nice guy and agreed to help.  So I moved off the tramp to let Ken give gymnastics a try, and I headed off to start my tumbling drills.  
At the end of workout that night, around ten o'clock, Ken started to play jazz piano with our coach Dan, who's a proficient in that, too, on the old piano near the basketball courts. Sometimes the basketball courts fill up, especially when the other gymnasium is being used for games and intramural sports, like it was that evening. My brother Kostya was playing with his friends on the court, but showed up by the piano towards evening to wait for me. He told me later that Ken had been watching me off and on all day with a strange look on his face whenever he looked at me; it wasn't the usual look of a guy checking a girl out, according to my brother, whom you might think wouldn't understand any guy being interested in his twin sister. Oh yeah, Constantine is my twin brother. I forgot to mention that. His hair is a darker blond than mine, and we both have blue eyes, and he's about five inches taller than me, yes, five inches I think--even now, after living in America so long, it's so hard not to think in centimeters. 
We're closer than most siblings, Kostya and I, but there is one thing I can never tell him about. 
I can't tell him why I have no fear. 
Would he-or anyone-believe me, anyway? That once, when I was younger, tomboy that I was, I got into a fight with one of the boys outside the dacha back in Russia. The boy, Vasily, started throwing rocks at me. I laughed it off and dodged the small ones, until he picked up a large jagged rock and gave me a menacing reptilian grin, then hurled it with all his might directly at my face. 
Would it surprise you to know that at that moment, even then, I wasn't afraid? Hell, I was ANGRY. And with that anger came a rush of blinding heat into my face. I don't exactly know what happened next, but the rock stopped in mid-air, as though bounced off an invisible shield, and then it richocheted harmlessly back to the snow. 
But then, just for a moment, mind you, I grew afraid. I can admit this now, I suppose: there was one thing I was afraid of until that day, and that was fire. I don't even know why. I was afraid of fire until that day, when I suddenly learned that I could control it. Fire? I should call it energy. I tell myself it runs contrary to the laws of physics, this power that I have, this ability to harness the energy around me and use it as a shield. Or a weapon--I found that out later. I can direct the power and launch it as well as I can use it for my defense. It's just that I only discovered that defensive ability first. Light, fire, energy--I can control them all. And if I want to, I can conjure them. I can transform nonliving things from one form into another, and back again. Don't ask me how. My father and I both know that it's impossible. The laws of physics are against it. 
As you can imagine, since that winter holiday at the dacha, my life hasn't been the same. I was eight years old, almost nine, then. Afterwards, when we returned to Moscow, I found I had difficulty sleeping. And when I did, I found myself wandering through strange dreams, dreams in which there was fire blazing all around me, and later, dreams in which I found myself consumed by it yet unharmed, when I strode forth with eyes wide with madness and chaotic fury, that knew no reason at all, that were lost to reason. I felt a blade in my hand and knew no fear, as I strode ahead on the plain of a battlefield, the ultimate warrior with a legion behind him, yes HIM, a warrior that knew no fear, no pain… and no remorse. 
Is it any wonder I found I could not sleep? 
The dreams began to fade after we moved to America. I felt light-hearted again, and my mother, who had taken me to several doctors in Moscow to treat my strange sleep disorders, no longer spent nights with me, trying to compel me to sleep. I was no longer difficult, as I had been, and the family ceased to worry about me. Kostya soon became their main concern, for good reason. You see, Kostya has a tendency to go overboard in all that he does, and he has what I call "trouble radar" (he finds it without even looking), and a talent for "passing the buck" as you Americans say. He can also sleep half the day away and is a master of wasted time, but I love him like no other, so don't you say anything negative about him or I may have to hurt you. He is my perfect foil. I, a high-energy person who hardly ever sleeps, who'll just about kill herself to get things accomplished, I with my Napoleonic ambitions lurking in the depths of my super-rational, calm, and reasoning mind. 
Yes, I hate chaos, maybe because it tempts me to stray from my rational self. Am I a Jekyll and Hyde? I often wonder. 
And I can't help wondering why it is that Ken keeps looking at me as though he knows all of this. 
* * * * * 
Aidan 
You wouldn’t think that Dublin is the end of the Earth just from looking on a map, would you? Well, it is. Now don’t get me wrong, I love the place and wouldn’t give a toff for one of them fancy places in the world, Paris and the like. Dublin is hard, a hard place to grow up, and you grow up fast. Mind you, I wouldn’t’ve had it any other way. Give me a cold Irish winter and a pint of Guinness at the pub, and that’s heaven, or as close to it as I’m likely to get. A good night out with the lads, nothing too ambitious for me… exceptin’ a date with Lady Long Legs, Josephine Connelly. Her father’s on the council, and wouldn’t let his daughter come within fifty leagues of the likes of me. 
I never was too good at school. Ah, the shame of it. Not that I haven’t a mind for learnin’—I do. It’s just—well, you see me teachers used to call me lazy--a pack ah ban shees, the lot o’ them. Old Mrs. O’Malley especially--a real witch. Personally, I thought school was borin’. Dreadful dull and slow and too borin’ with all of them rules to follow. I could have gone on to university, you know, if it weren’t for the lot of them, drummin’ their rules into me. 
Life’s a game, according to the O’Neill Senior, my da’. They say I take after him, a no account, on the dole more often than not, never serious my da’, except when he’s lost money on the horse and dog races. But I liked learnin’, and I wasn’t half bad at it. Me mum wanted me to keep at school and go on to university, but I suppose I take after me da’ too much. 
Me mates at high school: Davy, Sean, and Curly—they’re off doin’ other things now. Davy’s in art school, and goes about with another crowd. Sean’s workin’ at the butcher shop, and Curly went off to America three weeks ago to seek his fortune or some such nonsense. 
Me mates. They used to say it was difficult to get the better of me, as much as they enjoyed tryin’ to do it. So, together they’ve done it now. Well, who needs them, anyway? I always did spend me afternoons out of doors without them. About playing pranks, I was. Not mean-spirited ones, mind you. Ah, but a wee bit of fun now and again is good for a body. Folks is always in need of a good laugh, and Aidan Amairgen O’ Neill doesn’t disappoint. 
A real leprechaun I am.  A real one. 
Bollocks, eh? I’m more than six feet tall, not a short, fat, round little man in green. 
* * * * * 
Jesus, when I found out what I was, I thought maybe I’d start shrinkin’ into one of them! I was eleven years old, sittin’ in school, mindin’ me own business in chemistry, when Jeannie Morrison shrieks and throws up a basin of chemicals that’s just caught fire and started burnin’ her hands. To make a long story short, the stuff goes up inta the air and right down towards me, only--it doesn’t. Most of the brew made a rainbow around me, and the bit that touched me—didn’t burn me at all! 
Figure it out yourself, why the fire wouldn’t burn me, cause I can’t to this day. All’s I know is, I was thinkin’ about movin’ that liquid as far from meself as possible, and it never touched me! 
That was when I found out that I could move things just by thinkin’ about it. I felt somethin’ snap inside that day, I don’t know, maybe because I was afraid of gettin’ burned by that stuff, me heart was beatin’ a bit faster and me mind thinkin’ a bit quicker. But, I tell you, it really was me, not just a coincidence. I started tryin’ me mind out on movin’ other things, thinkin’ really hard about movin’ small things like tea cups and stones. After a while, I figured out I could move anythin’, didn’t matter how big or small—even meself! It took me a year to figure that part out, but then I started to fly regular as clockwork. Me own special time-saver, that is. Flyin’, it takes no time at all to get from one place to t’other. 
I never thought I was going to become a leprechaun, you know. It’s me own little secret. And as I said, fer a while I was dead certain I’d shrink right into a wrinkled old man with a green and gold waistcoat. Since that time that I found out what I am, though, I’ve kept right on growin’, so now I figure maybe I’m more like Peter Pan. I can fly, after all, even without all that fairy dust. One time I read up on all that stuff and found out what they call me power: telekinesis. Only most as can move things around in fairy tales can’t fly themselves around, so I don’t do that so much now, ‘except to go have a look through Josephine Connelley’s winda. 
When I was fourteen, I stopped doin’ it, though. 
Because that was when I started havin’ the dreams. 
* * * * * 
All around me, my enemy… 
Outside the walls of Civitas Trinovantium… the sharp, crystal cold morning with its scent of burning logs. Early spring, and the sweet chestnut trees are beginning to unfurl new leaves beyond the walls of the fort. This my land, this my home, is swarming with men from afar. The Romani. They have strange dress against the cold of this land, these short men with black wool cloaks, faces olive-dark, and hair the color of the buds on ash trees. All but their leader, this man they call Kaisah. He watches me with eyes sharp and vivid blue as a clear sky; he would use me to his own ends if I had no value to him as an informant on the Catuvellauni. He is calling me know, this Kaisah. A leader among men, truly, such as I have never seen before. In appearance, Kaisah is tall and angular, thin, lean—the sign of a man with few gluttonous vices, though I have heard he lies often among women. A man with forehead high and face narrow, the mark of intelligence, some say, or of good fortune; a man with chin pointed forward in the manner of the ever-ambitious, his nose long and bumpy as that of a bird: the hallmark of Roman nobility, fearlessness, and even a sign of amorous nature; his cheeks are high and gaunt with the mark of wisdom and discernment. His hair, thinning on the top, is the color of a sunburnt field, golden at the crown and dark underneath… 
“Mandubratius,” Kaisah is calling to me. He is direct, keen-minded, unafraid yet unhurried, stately. An impeccable soldier such as my people have never known, in complete control of his self and inspiring confidence in his men with every gesture. To look at him is to know why these Romani have been able to cross the sea to our island without fearing the unknown. 
I have to suppress the desire to flinch. Man dub bradwr, they call me. The Black Traitor… I am no traitor! I am not Catuvellauni, the tribe who has overrun my city. I am Trinobantes. I am Avarwy of the Trinobantes, exiled from my people. And I will take my city back again, even if I must ally myself with the Romani to do it… did they, he Catuvellauni, think I would not fight for what was mine? Did they think I had lost the magic when they murdered my children before my eyes? 
This time it is I who will change the course of fate-- 
* * * * * 
“Aidan!!” 
“Jesus, Mary, mother of Christ!” I bolted awake to face my littlest sister, Mary, the pale, round-faced cherub with bright hazel eyes and raven black hair. She likes to sit on my chest and slap my face to wake me up. 
I remember that morning. It was the morning that I lost my powers. I was fifteen, and the dream had never been more real when I suddenly woke— 
To find me mum and sisters in the room, all five of them, ready to take up the sheets for the washin’. The youngest three were in tow, playin’ with the ends of the sheets trailin’ from Katherine’s hands. Katherine is the eldest of us all, and a year older than me. 
“Stop yer blasphemin’!” Me mum cried, turnin’ green as usual at any display of profanity. “Yer father needs your help in the garden this morning, and you’ve slept half the day away already.” 
“Ah, Jesus—“ Why was it that my feet hurt so much? I wondered, crawlin’ out of the bed and chuckin’ me sister Mary under the chin. Meanwhile, me mum was turnin’ green again. 
“What did I say about blasphemin’, Aidan O’ Neill?” She demanded sharply. Sometimes I wonder if me mum really minds blasphemin’ or just likes to enjoy a moment of self-righteousness now and again. 
“Jesus is only one form of Dios.” I mumbled, shrugging. “Dios merely presents itself to every culture differently.” 
“Blasphemy!” I looked up; me mum was givin’ me a look like I was speakin’ Greek. She didn’t understand me all that well, but knew me well enough to imagine that I was talkin’ back to her. “I’ll wash your mouth out w’ soap, Aidan, if ya keep up that kind e’ talk!” 
I noticed me sisters also givin’ me an odd look. What was all that tripe about Dios, anyway? I couldn’t help but wonder to meself. I started rubbin’ the side of me head self-consciously. Who was puttin’ foreign words and ideas into me head, anyway? 
Civitas Trinovantium… 
* * * * * 
By the time I was sixteen, I had left school. And, I had convinced myself that all the time when I was flyin’ about Dublin like Peter Pan wasn’t real. None of it was real. I didn’t have any powers. I wasn’t a leprechaun. 
Then after two years of bummin’ about Dublin like my da’ together with me mates, me mates left me. I still had me old sense of humour, me old prank-playin’ nature. I should have known it from that, you see. I should have known all along that I still had the gift. 
I should have known that a cheetah never changes its spots. 

* * * * *  

Karl

I once wondered if human chameleons are born or made.   I couldn’t have been any younger than eight years old when I wondered about it, because that was when I became a chameleon myself.  That was when I developed a sudden interest in the sly but charming little creatures.  I caught one as a pet and called him “Spiegel”, and I have to say, he was a remarkable little beast.  

Not half so remarkable as a human chameleon.  Human chameleons surpass their namesake in power.  For human chameleons are the hardest of all chameleons to spot.  They don’t change colours in their environment, they change personalities.  After which these changes are virtually undetectable to those who don’t know the human chameleon intimately, those who have not witnessed his transformation.  The change of a human chameleon is sudden but complete.  And shocking to observe.  But of course, the human chameleon only ever shows the side of himself that he wants his observer to see, and he never lets anyone know him intimately.  

When among one set of people, the human chameleon acts a certain way, and in another, completely different group, he suddenly stops being like the first and shifts himself to act precisely like the second group.  The first Roman chameleons or their provincial chameleons must have figured this out a long time ago, about what to do when in Rome.  

Wait a minute, I never said the human chameleon was a deceitful thing.  He can’t help being the creature that he is.  While it’s true that the chameleon may deceive others, that is not his main intent.  His intent is only to survive.  And the chameleon only uses his own gifts, his own multi-faceted nature, to survive.  How can that be wrong?  This is, after all, normal behaviour for a chameleon.  But what happens when the human chameleon gets too good at his art?  What happens when the human chameleon begins to forget what his natural personality originally was?  

I guess it doesn’t matter, because by then the habit has already set in.  What habit?  I call it situational modification of the identity.  Like the chameleon, I was either or born or soon became a natural at the art of survival.  Sometimes I think, though, that I would rather live in my native environment.  Away from all ordinary human contact, safe in the shadow where no one can see what I am at all, where a long stretch of peace might return me to my normal state.  But I suppose I do not fully trust even the peace, that it can last..  And it is a barren place, the cool shadows.  A lonely cage---and every freedom-loving chameleon hates to be cornered.  

So instead I throw myself into the blazing sun.  

I like it there better.  

* * * * *

Human chameleons have ordinary names.  Mine is Karl Schiller, and I was born in the GDR, Western Germany at the time, in September, 1972.  Yes, yes, during the Munich Olympic Games, not far away from the Sports Arena.  My elder sister Monika had red felt ribbons tied in pigtails in her hair when she came to visit me at the hospital.  Mother said Monika wanted to look like Olga Korbut, the world’s most famous gymnast at the time, even if Olga Korbut was a dreaded Soviet.  

Everyone in Germany hated the Soviets back then.  They had spilt our country in two and poisoned every inch of ground they got hold of—literally.  The Soviets weren’t known for making squeaky clean factories, and they had riddled East Germany with factories.  Remember Magnetogorsk in Russia?  I used to think that  East Germany was a giant Magnetogorsk.  I remember taking a trip to West Berlin when I was six years old.  This was before the Wall came down, and there were wire fences and checkpoints and riflemen to keep everyone in East Berlin suitably terrorized and docile in their giant cage.  

I’ll never forget the sight of those guns, those fences.  Years later, I still remember them, and I think--it’s amazing how quickly the world forgets past tyrannies.  And how blind most people are to injustices.  But I’m a chameleon, right?  I’m not supposed to think or care about anything but my own survival, I admit.  I’m no hypocrite.  

It’s easier not to care so much.  

* * * * *   

I am a German, and if you aren’t, you can’t imagine how it is to grow up with the weight of the Holocaust and our defeat in WWII on your shoulders.  I think Germans have developed a mechanizing with coping with our tremendous sense of guilt—a lot of people won’t admit to the guilt, but it’s there, we know it, everyone has labeled us for all time as “the bad guys”.  Anyway, some Germans that I know deal with the shame by being a bit flighty and absent-minded; others become fun-loving thrill-seekers, while never entirely losing their sense of having always to be in complete control of the situation.  This empowering feeling of control helps to combat cultural feelings of a guilt you can’t fight.  As for the flighty, float-about type, they just run from the guilt.  

The rest of us try our hardest to prove to the world how productive we are… to make up for the humiliation of losing?  And we pride ourselves on being good to each other and providing a good quality life for all—good health care, shorter, more productive work weeks and better social programs; it’s as if we have to convince ourselves we are humanitarians after all, not the beasts they always make us out to be in American movies.  

Now of course you could argue that we know it wasn’t our fault what other Germans, what the Nazis did before we were born, but you can’t help but feel guilty when the entire world keeps pointing the finger of blame your way.  

I know because when I was eight, my family moved to Canada, and the Canadians started pointing the minute I got there.  And whispering about me behind my back.  And calling me names I couldn’t yet translate or understand.  And always the cry of “dirty Nazi”, the “Hail, Hitler” imitations and snickering snickering snickering.  

By dint of my birth, I was suddenly a social pariah, even if I didn’t know what the word meant yet.  The closest thing to an outcast as I could be, and there was nothing to be done about it, except accept the situation and fight to alter it.  We weren’t going back home.  We had left Munich and Germany behind because my father took a teaching position at a Canadian University, and once he got tenure, he didn’t want to leave.  

I was eight years old, my sister Monika only twelve when we left home forever.  

I was glad I had Monika with me.  I loved Monika, my sister, more than most brothers generally love their sisters.  Sometimes I even worshipped her.  When we were kids I had to do what she did at the same time, even though she was four years older than me.  I suppose that made me grow up more quickly.  She used to share her Kinder egg chocolates with me when I had eaten all my own.  She carried me on her shoulders or piggy-back whenever my bare feet started to burn on the pavement, even if we had wandered kilometres from home.  She knew I hated to get burned; I used to scream if anyone launched me towards the fireplace in those jesting games adults will subject children to.  In the summers when we stayed with Opa and Oma, our grandparents, and Monika and I set off on wild adventures like a pair of hooligans.  We were too curious for our own good—and oh the games we played!  

Monika liked to play with frogs and play like a frog.  We climbed trees like monkeys and made sea shell necklaces by chipping out holes with a chisel and running twine through it.  She crowned me King of Valhalla (I had just read about Norse myths in school), and she was Titania, Queen of the fairies.  Later, after we had moved to Canada, we learned to play Robinson Crusoe and Lewis and Clark, who explored the wilds of Northern America in 1802.  But we stopped playing together not long after that.  After all, Monika was twelve, and for her, it was time to put aside children’s games.  

Poor Monika had a hard time fitting in when me moved to Canada, though it didn’t always seem so, since Monika was beautiful and exotic to the Canadian teenagers.  They carried her books home and gave her English lessons.  

That was the problem.  Monika’s English was atrocious, and took a long time to improve.  She never was very good at writing it until around the time she went to college.  

I suppose it should have been just as hard for me to learn English, even though I was only eight.  

At first I thought it was going to be difficult.  But it wasn’t.  And you won’t believe me when I tell you why.  

Because you see, when I was eight years old, I discovered that I was a chameleon.  Of course, on some basic level I had already realized that you had to survive a change and become stronger or else wither and die, that in this world, it is either eat or be eaten.  But I had resisted this idea with my childish principles, armed with the intoxicating brightness of Monika’s world.  I didn’t know yet what to do to survive, but I didn’t want to be as sad as she was, resisting the new, resisting change, almost stubbornly insisting on keeping our old traditions.  She was only hurting herself for nothing.  

While the chameleon within me wanted to survive.  But I hadn’t ever been able to use my gift of sight before.  Gift of sight?  Hmmm, I suppose I should explain it.  

I well remember how it happened, when I first knew myself for what I was.  

* * * * * 

One day in elementary school, the teacher, Mrs. Stewart, called for me to read aloud from the children’s book, “The Phantom Tollbooth”.  There I was sitting in the corner, hoping she would call on someone else when she picked me.  My English was so bad the kids sometimes called me Frankenstein.  I had tried so hard for days to imagine, to concentrate on English and let myself absorb all the sounds I could, just so my accent would improve.  In the past few days, I had refused to speak German even at home.  When I was eight, I thought it as so difficult to understand a land and the minds of people who were alien to me.  I can hardly believe this was ever true, looking back on it all now.  

Anyway, when Mrs. Stewart asked me to read aloud, I had no choice but to do it.  But at least I could read English far better than I could speak it.  

From chapter two I read:

 “…Suddenly he found himself speeding along an unfamiliar country highway, and as he looked back over his shoulder neither the tollbooth nor even his room nor even the house was anywhere in sight.  What had started as make believe was now very real…” 

The book thudded to the floor.  I don’t remember even dropping it.  

“Are you not feeling well, Karl?”  Mrs. Stewart asked kindly as I stared in blank horror at her.  

Remember, remember, it’s not his fault… it’s not his fault your father died at Normandy… I don’t want to hate the poor little boy… I just can’t seem to help myself… 

I stared at Mrs. Stewart.  Could it be she really hated me for nothing?!   

“What’s wrong, Karl?”  She asked me, wearing her pearly whites in a open-mouthed, let’s-investigate-this kind of way.  

He’s turning white!  Maybe I should take him to see the nurse…

I don’t want to see the nurse, I thought back, recoiling.  

But maybe he doesn’t want me to take him to the nurse.  What is wrong with him?  

“Nothing’s wrong.  I feel fine, Mrs. Stewart.”  I said, shaking my head and smiling for perhaps the first time since I arrived in Canada.  I don’t know why I started smiling, because it wasn’t a real smile.  It just masked everything well.  And as long as you smiled through everything, people didn’t ask you personal questions.  People were satisfied by a smile.  

“Hey, Frankenstein’s suddenly learned how to talk right.”  Geordie MacGregor cried, pointing at me.  

And then Mrs. Stewart looked at me again.  The whole class looked at me.  And each one of them replayed my answer in their heads.  

My German accent was gone.  

“When did he start doing that?”  Elise Locharby wondered in her little prissy voice.  

“Say something else, Frankenstein.”  Jonathan Davis suggested.  

Sit on your hands, I retorted mentally, still smiling.  How easy the thoughts came in English now!  How natural it seemed, just as though one light bulb had temporarily dimmed in my mind and another had turned on.  How many more mental light bulbs could there be? I wondered.   

“Now, children, you know I won’t permit any name-calling.”  Mrs. Stewart finally thought to say.  

“Why are you all always so mean to him?”  Elisabeth Nasmythe said, growing distressed in a motherly sort of way.  She cast me a conspiratorial look; but why was she suddenly being nice to me?  

I sure like that German boy.  He has a nice smile, and he’ really cute and sweet.  I wonder if he likes me, too?  

“Jonathan, what are you hiding?”  Mrs. Stewart demanded.  

“Nothing,” Jonathan said defensively, picking his hands from underneath his legs and showing open palms to the teacher.  “See?”  

Mrs. Stewart turned to me; I must have made some kind of startled sound, I don’t remember.  

“Karl, why are you looking at Jonathan that way?’”  He’s turning whiter than a ghost…

Instead of answering, I bolted from the room.  

* * * * *

It took me a while to accept what I had just done.  In fact, it was several years before I attempted to use my preternatural gifts again, though I was never quite the same person after circumstances made me shed the old skin and turned me into a human chameleon.  It was as though I had reawakened into a new world where the reflections of the surface of other people’s minds were floating just above them.  In this new world, I could access these reflections and hear the thoughts of anyone I came across if I tried hard enough.  

Worse, I realized that I could implant subtle suggestions in other people’s minds, and sometimes people would respond the way I had instructed them.  Silly, naïve, and simple people especially.  Geniuses could be read if they were distracted long enough by something, or if they were so obsessed with one thing that everything else had a way of gushing out.  

In time, by the time I entered high school, I found that the world was made for chameleons.  

What surprises so many people is that I am not really a joiner; I have them fooled, you see.  I usually prefer not to involve myself personally with large groups and functions that are going to impose great responsibilities upon me, but I managed to join several groups in high school that required very little effort on my part to maintain membership.  I like to be seen, but not examined too closely.  I have dark hair and wide-set blue-grey eyes.  A German face, with a wide jaw and forehead, short, upturned nose, and ruby lips.  My skin tans nicely, even in Canadian sunlight.  

I see that most people find me charming, and if I can’t win them over, I try to find out what they find charming and modify my behavior accordingly.  I am probably the most popular guy in my high school, even though I don’t play team sports.  As a child I took tennis and karate.  I can be competitive when I want to be, and when I want to be competitive, I never rest until I have crushed my opponents.  It’s usually not too difficult.  If it took great effort, I think I wouldn’t bother.  I hate to fail at anything.  

I can also be manipulative when I want to be, but I don’t spend most of my time looking for ways to be manipulative.  It just comes naturally when I have to face a new situation.  I guess deep down I don’t really like new situations, and the chameleon in me is a self-defense mechanism.  I go on the offensive to protect myself.    

I always have the right answer for everything.  And I am exceedingly good at damage control whenever I do on rare occasions say something wrong.  When I was fifteen, I had the strangest dream, that I was living more than a thousand years ago, and that I had made a man turn mad by forcing him to see terrifying, monstrous illusions…  And he was haunted by them for the rest of his life…

I try not to remember.  But at times I wonder if I could really do that if I tried.  I don’t want to have to try too hard.  It’s almost better not to know if I can do it yet.  I’d rather just find out that I can do it spontaneously, sort of save the gift for the appropriate moment.  How glorious that triumph would then be.  

A pity I can never share my triumphs, I sometimes think, though most of the time I revel in my successes privately.  Monika is the only person who ever noticed the permanent change within me, on the day that I became a human chameleon.  Though as you might expect, my change in attitude only concerned and worried her.  She was the most selfless creature in all the world.  

You might say that was around the time that the unity, the oneness felt between Monika and I went sour and separated us.  It wasn’t her fault.  I could easily blame her because she spent so much more time with the Canadian boy teenagers who hung around our house.  

It was me.  Entirely me.  For some reason, I couldn’t face Monika once I became a human chameleon.  Even now, when I look back at the pictures of her wearing the felt-ribbon pigtails, I feel a hollowness I am at a loss to explain.  

Monika died in a plane crash coming back from the University of Vancouver in 1988.  I was 16 years old.  

* * * * *

In the fall of 1989, I went to Harvard University, where the children of the powerful are taught how to maintain their power and where the rest of us learn how to take it from them, if we ever get a chance.  

I graduated with an MA in business in 1994 with but one ambition.  

And if you can guess what that is, then you may be a human chameleon, too.  

* * * * *

Ken

Kenneth Hwang is not my real name.  I can’t tell you my real name, because I’m Chinese.  Well, actually, I’m a Tiawanese Chinese-American.  I was born in Mei Kuo, America, in New York, in the year of the Tiger.  Unfortunately, the hospital records clearly show that I was born on May 3rd; in China, a person’s real birthday is kept a secret..  When you’re born in America, where records are precisely kept, you can’t always keep all of the ancient Chinese traditions.  But at least my real name remains hidden.  You might ask why the Chinese try to hide their names and birthdays.  Why all the secrecy?  

A person’s name is kept secret to divert any gods or evil spirits from finding him.  You see, in China, travellers take false names, and people take false names even in different phases of life, hiding their true identities from the gods to avert misfortune and evil spirits.  There was an American movie that showed how this can work, “The Bruce Lee Story” or something.  The Chinese are a superstitious people, and believe in a pantheon of spirits that can be tricked by cunning and deception.  Hardly a soul knows my real name, or the one that my family hides from heaven to keep me safe on Earth.  

When I was about seven years old, my family moved to Illinois for a year or so.  Then we moved on to San Francisco when I was about eight years old.  

Technically, I’m an American, but I’m also a Tiawanese Chinese-American, and that is something different altogether.  Not Chinese exactly, and American, but not typical American.  I have to admit this to myself when I think of all the racial slurs rural white people have slung at me.  But is there such a thing as a typical American?  I used to think there was when I was a kid, and that I was definitely not typical.  In New York I remember being racially Chinese was no big deal.  There were plenty of other immigrants from all sorts of countries around the neighborhood where we lived in East Chinatown.  

But then we moved to Illinois, “Whitieville” as my sister Yue called it.   I began to wonder then, am I Chinese?  Or am I American?  All of the kids made me feel as though I was some kind of oddity walking around school.  They’d stare at me, especially at my almond eyes.  But some of them wouldn’t even make eye contact with me.  Others would touch my hair to see how different it was, or ask me all kinds of ridiculous questions about whether or not I liked ice cream and baseball.  

Then I met Adam, Adam Jones.  I’ll never forget Adam.  I met him on the playground.  He had dirt in his hair from digging up worms he used to put down Jessica McMasters’ sundress.  She was the one who sometimes held her breath until she turned blue, just to get her way with the recess monitor so she could lead the line back inside.  Adam put the worm down her dress, and boy did she shriek!  Loudest pair of lungs I’ve ever heard.  

Adam sped away faster than a rabbit and landed under the boy’s tepee.  When the recess monitor started to look around for him, I saw him duck out of the sandy circle and head towards the woods that surrounded the playground.  There were all kinds of ladders and tree houses on the ledges where he could escape.  I was sitting in a group of kids under a big oak tree playing with racing cars when Adam appeared in our midst.  

“Quick, hide me!”  He directed, and we hid him without question.  Once the recess monitor had safely passed us by, Adam’s breathing returned to normal, and he clambered up onto his feet.  

He started jesting with the other kids, bragging about what he’d just done, when suddenly he saw me standing there a distance away.  

I took one look at him there, and I felt as if the world around us disappeared for just a moment.  It seemed as though only Adam and I were there, and even the tree had disappeared into shadow-reality.  

We heard nothing, saw nothing, except each other.  And we both stood there, staring at each other, terrified.  

I have absolutely no idea why—but in that second I felt as though I had known Adam—forever.  

Thankfully the second passed, and returned us to reality.  The other kids reappeared, and the sun began shining warmly on us all, banishing the hideous cold of that bizarre other place.  

“Hey, who are you?”  Adam asked me, ignoring the other kids.  Adam was clearly quite popular and calling the shots.  And though Adam had managed to keep his cool and wits about him, his face was a bit ashen, his lips a bit tight and words strangely breathy as he spoke.  

“Ken.”  I managed.  

“Say, are you a new kid?”  Adam looked me over critically.  
  
“Yeah.” I admitted.  

“Adam’s the name, don’t wear it out.”  He said with a laugh, recovering from his fearful state in a heartbeat, but he wasn’t being mean.  “You got a racecar, Ken?”  He asked, brightening.  

I shook my head in the negative.  

“Then you can have some of mine,” Adam said lightly, decisively, picking up his sack of cars propped under the tree.  

And that was how we started as friends.  It turned out we only lived a block away from each other, and we were already best friends after a week.  Then month by month, we confided all of our dreams, went on adventures, chased down the ice cream man together, and rode roller coasters at amusement parks.  We shared that time of life when the right friend at the right time makes every moment magical.  We felt like brothers.  And we never stopped to question why.  

* * * * *

We were on our way to school one morning, talking about G.I. Joe action figures when our lives changed forever.  We were about to cross the street to catch the schoolbus.  Adam and I were almost always late.  We talked about everything and nothing on our way to the bus stop.     

Adam stopped listening suddenly and went white as a ghost.  Now if you knew Adam, you’d know that just about nothing bothered the guy.  So, of course, when he turned white, it started to freak me out, though I tried to keep calm.  

"Crazy Adam, what's the matter with you today?"  I asked him.  

He shrugged and came to.  I sighed in relief, let me tell you.  And we took a step into the street.  Then suddenly Adam’s hand reached to pull me back with irresistible force; we fell back onto the grass behind the curb hard.  

“Ai-ya!”  I screamed, then I looked back and saw a white car that had missed hitting us both by seconds.  The man in it—was he drunk or just careless or crazy?  Whatever he was, he would have hit us if Adam hadn’t pulled me back just then.  

And then I wondered—how had Adam reacted so fast?  How had he seen the car—he wasn’t even looking a second before it all happened.  How could Adam, who was so much bigger than me, react so quickly?  

I stared at him in disbelief.  This American, this kid, had held my life and future in his hands for one brief moment.  

You can’t imagine how this made me feel.  You see, we Chinese aren’t fatalistic.  Accidents don’t just happen.  There is a reason for them, and usually it’s because some god is punishing us for an offense.  In our culture, someone has to be to blamed for everything that goes wrong.  And to us, the future is very important.  Any action that can cut off the future is treated very seriously.  

So for the first time, the heavens themselves had proven that my destiny and Adam’s were linked.  And some god up there had it in for us both.  

We sat on the ground, dazed, as the car sped around the corner before anyone could get its license plate number.  I never found out if the police caught the reckless driver.  Across the road, the bus driver shouted like a madwoman.  She rushed over to check on us.  People were suddenly everywhere, talking at us, but I heard nothing.  For only the second time, I suddenly felt as though Adam and I were the only people there.  

I felt as though we were there together inside a dream.  

And then the moment passed.  

But, when Adam saved my life that day, something changed in me.  I felt an awakening within my body; I felt as though I had really died, as though I never really passed out of that moment of suspended eternity.  I felt as though the Kenneth Hwang I had always known was nothing more than a shadow.  

And after that day, I was a shadow.  

* * * * *

Three days later, I found out we were moving to California.  I can remember how I awful I felt.  I felt the enormity of unfairness that my parents hadn’t seen fit to tell me until the day before we had to move.  Did they think it would make it easier for me not to know?  I was furious, but like all good Chinese first-born sons, I said nothing in rebellion or anger.  Then, later that afternoon, I wanted to go over to tell Adam about it.  Adam—who was, to me, almost a part of my family.  And the only real person in a mad world where I couldn’t see the difference between shadows and people anymore.  People and shadows—it makes no sense to talk like this, so I’ll explain.  

I had been a shadow for three full days, you see.  I realized something was wrong almost right away when Adam saved my life.  Everywhere I turned, everyone I looked at, seemed slightly unreal to me as Adam and I got up from the ground.  Only Adam seemed entirely real, entirely solid when I stared hard at him.  The others, well, they were normal if I didn’t look too close.  But if I did?  

Every other person in the world turned into a ghost I could see right through.  I could see right through to the world beyond.  And if I looked hard enough, sometimes I thought I could see what kind of personality the ghost-person had.  I could see them for what they truly were.  Bad people looked ugly to me, and good people shone with such a beautiful light that I found myself nearly blinded if I looked too closely.  

Well, guess what happened next?  I got in trouble in school that afternoon for telling Mrs. Maloney that she was a mean old witch.  I have to tell you, I’d never gotten into trouble at school before, and all of the other kids just stared at me, mouths hanging open as Mrs. Maloney put me outside into the hall as punishment.  

For a while I amused myself picking fluff off of the floor, and then bouncing a little rubber ball I carried in my pocket off the opposing wall.   Then I started to whistle and hum to myself, then drum my fingers on the doorframe.  After a while, though, I inevitably got bored.  

That was when I thought about what was going on in the classroom that I was missing.  And as I thought about it, wishing so hard I could go back inside, I became a shadow.  

Before I knew it, I felt lighter than air.  

And I passed right through the wall, back into the classroom. 

No one saw me as I held myself there in the span of a heartbeat, watching Mrs. Maloney writing English sentences in cursive across the blackboard.  

No one saw me until I suddenly became real again in the back of the classroom.  

And then Mrs. Maloney turned around and met my eye.  

“Kenneth Hwang!  How did you get back in here?!  Get outside this instant and stay there until I call you back in!” she thundered.   Mean old witch.  

Following her eyes, the entire class turned around and found me there at the back of the room.  And then they stared at me, moon-eyed.   

I myself could hardly believe what I had done.  I had passed through a solid wall and come out on the other side, in less than a second!   

“Okay,” I agreed nonchalantly, drawing even more stares from the class who couldn’t believe my audacity.  And how had I appeared there without any of them seeing me walk past through the classroom door?  Was I some kind of a magician or something?   Their eyes followed me carefully until I was back in the hallway just in case I pulled another trick.  I sat down there, but once the classroom door closed behind me, my mind immediately turned to a fearful plan.  

I decided to test my shadow-power again.  I thought hard about turning into one—  And I became a shadow right away.  Wow, it wasn’t difficult at all now!  

Then, as I thought about going home, I found my body traveling swift as a shadow over school, fields, streets, cars—  Within seconds, I was home again, sitting in the kitchen.  I had moved like a shadow through space, and one brief moment of time. 

There I was, gawking at the kitchen clock.  And the strangest thing was that I clearly remembered everything I had passed over, though I had passed over 2 miles in about a second.  I remembered the lights changing at the crosswalk, the people in the cars, everything.  I had seen it all, though it was only one moment in time.  

I felt elated!  To think what I could do!  Until suddenly—

I clutched at my heart.  It was beating way too fast.  

And I collapsed on the chair in the kitchen, so tired that it took ten minutes before I could move again.  By the time I got back to school, Mrs. Maloney’s class was almost over.  I was lucky she suspected nothing when she opened the door and there I was again, slouching weakly.  

“Fell asleep did you?” she inquired smugly.  I dragged myself to my feet, fighting a lethargy greater than any I had known.  

And since then, I hadn’t tried to make myself a shadow again.  

Until I found out that I was moving away.  And I knew, I just knew I had to see Adam one last time.  I was willing to risk anything to see him!  

But had it all been a dream, that day of the almost-accident?  I asked myself.  Could I really turn myself into a shadow whenever I wanted to?  And if I could, did I have time now to get to Adam’s and come back before I was missed at home?  

It didn’t matter one way or another.  I had decided to try.  It took me only a second to reach Adam from where I was at home—.  

He didn’t even seem surprised when I appeared in his room.  He even said something strange about dreaming I was going to show up for dinner, and that because of this, he knew I would be coming, somehow.  

When I told him the news that I was moving away for good, we both wanted to cry.  And we didn’t care who saw us.  Adam even offered to let me stay at his house.  

And, for the first time in all my life, I actually wanted to defy my father.  I wanted to run way and live with Adam.  Adam, the gwei-lo I should think of as an Other, a ghost, as all non-Chinese were to us Chinese.  Strangely enough, though Adam wasn’t Chinese—he was the only person who wasn’t a ghost to me now!  Yet how, how could I care so much about a gwei-lo who wasn’t even a part of my family?  I wondered.  
 
I couldn’t explain it, even to myself, but Adam was a brother to me.  I don’t know how or why I felt this so strongly.  We both felt it, and we didn’t want to be separated forever.  How could we let our parents ruin our lives this way?  

So, we made desperate plans to hide me and keep me in Illinois.  We’d live together through college and stay in the same city and hang around each other forever.  
 
But the sad truth is, children have no control over their own destiny.  Even ones who can turn themselves into shadows.  

When I appeared to be missing, my mother came by Adam’s house looking for me, and Adam’s mother was obliged to return me to my family.  

Well, I love my mother, even if she isn’t perfect, and even if she is a shadow.  I love her, and so I went.  I knew I had to.  

But as I left Adam’s house, I couldn’t bear the thought of being separated from my best friend.  So, secretly, I made a plan to run off that night.  I stayed up really late, planning to leave when my parents fell asleep.  

The thing is, though, even a shadow has to sleep.  I stayed awake as long as I could to slip out of the house, but my parents were still asleep packing everything for hours.  It was getting to be early morning again by the time I fell asleep.  

When I woke up, we were already on the road in a moving van.  

That was when I discovered that there was a limit to my shadow-range.  Though it might be best to withhold the embarrassing details of how I found that out.  

But I will say that when I finally found my family again in the moving van, I never tried to run away again.  

* * * * *

I was ten years old when I first read the myths about the eight immortals.  And when I read about what ancient Chinese tales say about the soul.  

According to tradition, people have two souls: a po and a hun.  

And when we die, it is the hun which goes to heaven, while the po falls to the Earth and becomes a shade or ghost, wandering forever among the living.  

I remember sitting in a bright, sunny library in San Francisco, California when I read and contemplated on this.  I could hear my heart beating loudly over the songbirds outside.  

I was almost afraid to think it, but could it be that I had lost half of my soul already?  Could it be that all which remained of me was the po half of my soul?  Was that why I had the power to turn into a shadow?  

And I knew that if I kept thinking this way, I would work myself into a state of terror, so I decided to think about something else.  And so instead I began to wonder about the eight immortals.  

How could anyone be immortal, and the world not know about it?  Well, I rationalized to myself, perhaps it was possible if the immortals themselves didn’t even know what they were.  Was it possible that they had not disappeared from the Earth but merely changed forms now and again?  

I often wondered if I would be able to tell what they looked like, and if they would be shadows or real to me.  

I had only met one person who was real to me so far.  And I knew he wasn’t an immortal.  

At least, that’s what my common sense told me.  

* * * * *  

Can you believe how useful it is to be a martial artist and be able to manipulate your body through space?   

When I was about fourteen, the strange nightmares I’ve always had became increasingly violent, graphic, and more disturbing than ever before.  They got so terrifying and powerful that when I woke up, I started being able to remember them for days, even longer.  

I dreamed I was living in a strange city when a disastrous fire broke out.  Yet instead of trying to flee, my dream self was trying to do the impossible: I was trying to control the events of this place by slowing the time down around me.  I dreamed that I was trying to detach the burning world around me into another dimension, different from reality, and that all along I was trying to possess another living human, the body of my enemy… I remember my enemy vaguely, that someone or thing in that fiery world was trying to thwart me, for my dream self could somehow tell when certain people were nearby.  In the end I was forced to teleport myself far away.  And then, I discovered the dreadful consequences of this.  There was a dire reason that my dream self didn’t want to teleport: because traveling such a long distance added years to my mortal body.  And I had failed, failed…

When my mother discovered that I was staying up all night to keep from sleeping, she wouldn’t stop pestering me until I admitted what was the problem so she could fix it.  She suggested that I was having nightmares because I had quit intense-level tennis for some time and now wasn’t getting enough exercise.  Tennis was over for the summer, and was becoming really expensive for world-class lessons; but I had put it on hold supposedly to spend more time studying.  I guess my mother realized I needed some exercise, but that I was making excuses to hide the fact that for some reason I was sick of tennis.  She couldn’t know that it was in part because I disliked being tempted to cheat with my shadow skills.  So, my mother encouraged me to practice more piano instead and also to go to my martial arts classes more.  Piano was a chore, but I started going five times a week to martial arts and really loving it.  Not long afterwards, I even caught the attention of Mr. Chang, a champion kung-fu master, who invited me to become his student.  

Once I began martial arts study seriously, I stopped having the nightmares, or at least, I stopped remembering them.  And with Mr. Chang, I learned to focus my strength, speed, and energy, and to solidify the world of shadows around me, to temporarily banish my shadow sight from my life.  Mr. Chang never knew that I was a shadow myself, and I learned to manipulate my power for self-defense, and to pass swiftly without seeming effort from one place to another.  The competitive kind of aggression so prevalent in tennis was absent in the martial arts I was practicing, so I didn’t mind focusing and learning to direct my skills.   

Mr. Chang would often praise me that it seemed my hands and legs were in ten different places at once, I was so fast.  After a while, I became his favorite pupil, and I began to study several other types of martial arts.  I even went to the karate state finals of California three times before heading off to college at The University of Chicago instead of John Hopkins University, which had lost my application.  

I went to the U of C for the academic reputation, and to eventually study medicine if I could make it into a good medical school.  Unfortunately, I found out that the martial arts clubs at The University of Chicago were low-level, so I found a private club in Chicago to keep practicing.  I don’t want to sound egotistical or anything, but even then, it was difficult finding people good enough to spar with me.  So, in the winter of early 1994 when it got down to –75 degrees with wind chill in Chicago, I stopped going to the downtown clubs for a while.  It was bad enough a drain on my energy reserves having to teleport to class from my apartment half a mile away, because there was no way I was walking through an arctic wasteland!  

In the spring of 1994, I even started playing tennis again.  There was a tennis court right in the middle of the quads, an area on campus.  My good friend Steve was a former junior champ, and we played lot of tennis when I got an internship at a lab and stayed for the summer of 1994.  My girlfriend May even used to drop by to cheer me on.  

By the time I was in my third year, in late 1994, I had finished most of my difficult classes as a pre-med.  I had been involved with several of the university clubs for two years; I had met my girlfriend May Chen in fact in a meeting for Asian students.  We went out for two years, until we realized we were heading in entirely different directions: May wanted to be a photographer one year, then suddenly decided to study art.  The most amazing thing was that when we broke up, we were able to stay friends.  

I suppose May was a great girl, but there just wasn’t a spark between us.  She liked the way I looked and the fact that my father had money, and that unlike most Chinese men, I actually did practice martial arts.  And I suppose I went out with her because I wanted a girlfriend, and she was everybody’s favorite porcelain doll in Pierce Tower.  Maybe I went out with her because I had never really had a girlfriend.  

Oh, I had dated in high school, but there weren’t too many Chinese girls in my high school.  And of course, my family would never have let me date a white girl.  

Hey, it’s not like I’m exactly prejudiced or anything.  And I have to admit, some white girls are really good looking.  It’s just that I can’t ever marry one of them, so it’s better not to get used to dating them.  

You see, in China, it’s considered a son’s duty to look after your father in his old age, and for thousands of years we’ve kept a cycle of descendants whole, what we call a descent line.  Each family has a descent line that’s supposed to stay unbroken for eternity, and that means keeping it unpolluted by foreign blood.  The Chinese consider Han blood to be racially superior, and it’s a big deal to make sure that we have only pure Han offspring or we risk displeasing our gods.  In China, the most important unit is the family, and that includes honoring one’s ancestors.  To keep the descent line unbroken for eternity is the duty of every good Chinese son.  Because if you don’t, you can get in a lot of trouble with the gods, or your dead ancestors.  They may even try to curse you.  Or destroy you.  

So, with this heavy responsibility on my shoulders as the oldest Hwang boy in our family, I have tried to tell myself all my life that I only want children of perfect Han Chinese descent, not half-breed children with no descent line.  And just look at how cute we little Chinese children are, I always thought when I was a kid in California.  And sometimes I thought how ugly and dough-faced so many white American kids were.  In my opinion, a lot of American kids were big, hairy, and smelly.  They ate like animals and looked like barbarians.  

But the thing is, I also have shadow sight.  And I’ve looked into several lovely Chinese faces and seen greedy, grasping, ugly people underneath.  And I’ve looked into the ugliest gwei-lo face and seen a radiance of goodness, the light of an inner beauty that if you could just see it, you wouldn’t call such a thing a worthless cliché.  

No, I’m not prejudiced, though I’ve seen a lot of people who are, Chinese and American.  

Anyway, life was going great, or just going, and I still don’t know why I decided to go to the U of C’s Bartlett Gymnasium that day to join the Aikido club.  I had heard of the club for years, and never really gave it much serious thought.  I guess I finally decided it didn’t matter that I wasn’t going to be able to spar with anyone half as good as Jackie Chan.  I guess I just decided to go on a whim.  

And as I was coming into the gym where the Aikido people were supposed to be practicing that late afternoon, I saw her.  

She was bouncing on a giant trampoline with a white-mesh bed, in mid-flight, doing some kind of gymnastic salto.  

How?  I asked myself, as my feet ground to a halt.  How could she be so beautiful?  She was so graceful it made my heart catch in my throat.  As I watched, she hopped off the trampoline and went over to speak in familiar tones to a golden-haired guy standing nearby.  Nevertheless I forced myself to recover and head over to the corner to warm up.  At the same time, I still watched her striding across the gym with the lightest touch of agile, cat-like feet.  

And suddenly I realized.  

She was real.  Just like Adam.  
She went to get a drink of water at the water fountain and then got up again on the trampoline to do another series of flips.  
While I just stared at her, trying so hard to see her as a shadow.  
But she was real.  And there was something unexpected past those ghost-blue eyes.  Something radiant and dark, something terribly chaotic swirling around the sharp lines of her considerable intellect.  She wasn’t easy to read at all.  But by god she was really beautiful.  
I don’t know what came over me, but I suddenly found myself standing by the trampoline.  I had gone shadow without even noticing myself doing it.  
Then I caught the eye of the white-haired man looking on.  Her coach, no doubt.  
One look and I knew he was a character, as sharp-minded as they came, fiesty, and I liked him on sight.  
I introduced myself to him, sensing he was in charge of the gymnastics club.  His name was Haworth, and I asked him if I could join, telling him all sorts of spontaneous reasons why, except for the real one.  I had to sign a waver first, but the club welcomed me in five minutes.  
Newly initiated, I headed over to the trampoline towards the girl—
Who just shrugged and jumped off so that I could give it a try.  I felt my heart sinking.  
Couldn’t she see me?  I asked myself, relishing the brief opportunity for a close-up look at her before she headed over to tumble on the floor strip.    
For the longest time, I really thought she hadn’t.  
Until an hour or so later.  She had flipped and flipped endlessly end on end, with the endurance of a long-distance runner.  I was really amazed by her graceful strength and tenacity, as well as her obvious flexibility.  Then she passed back over by the piano to speak to the golden-haired guy I later learned was her twin brother Kostya; he was there playing basketball with a group of friends.  
By that point, I had already grown tired of learning to flip on the tramp, and when the coach Haworth started to play jazz piano near the basketball courts, I went over to join him.  Mom’s dear old piano lessons came in handy.  
Anyway, Kostya was talking to her, and then he pointed at me.  I tried to look away, but I hesitated.  And in that second, I saw her clearly, as she narrowed her eyes at me, like she had seen a ghost.  
Then the world suddenly dropped away, leaving us both standing within a split-second eternity.  I had known this feeling only twice before in my life; my guess was that this girl had never known it before.  
Because she was looking hard at me now, as though I were familiar to her, as though we had known each other forever.  
I know because I was looking at her the same way.  
“Svetlana, have you ever heard of the Boogie Woogie Blues?”  Haworth called out suddenly.  My golden-haired girl smiled gloriously and shook her head, directing her attention back to Haworth.  
And then she grabbed her bag, told her brother good-bye, and fled.  
But even Svetlana—who in time I came to call my “amazing gwei-lo girl”—learned that you can’t outrun a shadow.  

 



