Balancer’s Soul
Published by H. LeeMorgan at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 H. Lee Morgan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. original form. If you enjoyed this
book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank
you for your support.

ISBN 978-1-4661-6271-6





Stop and Go

An ancient and powerful race known as Balancer’s have lived among humanity for many millennia and rarely been noticed. They are human in most physical aspects, but are truly different in others. Our ancestors called them at one time or another; Witches, Sorcerers, Wizards, Demons, Monsters and so on. In reality they bring balance back to anything that they deem needs it, with the use of their abilities. That also includes balancing themselves.
All true balancer’s are born female, and are innately immortal. The power of a female Balancer is not in harmony, being single, so they require male mates to regulate their imbalanced energies. When an unbreakable pact is made, their mate also becomes a Balancer as well as gaining supernatural attributes themselves.

***

“Welcome to our new home.” Jack confirmed stoically to his daughter over the hand held radio that linked the two vehicles. Sarah had been following behind him in her little blue car as he drove the moving truck to their new residence for nearly two mind-numbing days. Jack left a few weeks earlier to come and get things setup beforehand for their new life, in a new town and recently returned to retrieve his daughter. Now it’s Sarah’s turn to get settled in. Not that there isn’t much choice. He bought an old cabin home that had been on the market for a few years, but in the economy and area it wasn’t appearing to sell anytime soon. Finding such a place seemed perfect for them so he bought the property outright, after looking it over. The electricity and phone lines had previously been installed and supposedly from what he explained it had been built sturdy. After the paperwork had been finalized the phone lines and power was reactivated. Jack had even found Sarah the ideal job that would suit her for the time being. She hadn’t protested.
The sun had just begun to set as the small convoy of father and daughter arrived, with no city lights lining the road it became dark rather quickly. Just the way she liked it. The calm and quiet of rural areas suited her nature.
Pulling into the driveway just after her father, Sarah thought about the drive over here. They left Washington State early yesterday morning, well before the sun came up. It took well over twenty hours to drive the distance and they had no more than an hour or so of sleep. Jack was in a perpetual snit and wanted the long drive to take his mind off of a particular matter, thereby forcing Sarah to keep pace or be left behind. The Brandersons’ new home is now in Minnesota, in a small town that has a name that she’ll hopefully forget one day. Jillian, her mother, will catch up to them in a month or so to because she forgot to tie up a few loose ends. Sarah’s parents loved the city life, but for her they always move to quiet and small towns, but were always no more than an hour from a large city. To Sarah, nature is more beautiful to her than an environment of concrete, crowds and annoying noises at all hours. Plus crime is lower in less populated areas and easier to deal without outside interference or law enforcement.
Before moving to this small town, they had work to do. Sarah and her family and had to create new identities and legitimate references. Those were easy to make or bribe. They kept their normal names, but had to change the year of their births to a more recent and believable date. Three elaborate backgrounds were also created so that they could remain inconspicuous to some level of scrutiny, but if need be they had enough pull to keep someone off their trail, if someone caught on to their secret. They like privacy like so many others, but they have other backups just incase and even create last minute exit strategies to get out of any local danger.
Getting out of the car and looking around at the scenery of the new cottage, it reminded Sarah of her thirtieth home. Wild and uncut grass wrapped itself around the house and the entire property. Small pine saplings peeked over some of the hip high grass, almost as a welcome sign. The single story dwelling connected to an open two car garage that stood before her. She closed the door of her small blue car, that her father built a few years ago. Growing up without any modern conveniences was not a pleasant time for anyone and she adored her personal mode of transportation. Still, Sarah couldn’t wait to take the burden of travel out of the vehicle and spend some time soaking in a bathtub of hot, bubbly water.
Jack opened up the house like he had been living there for years, after turning off the Do-it-yourself rental truck, and turned on all of the lights. She sighed thinking how boring this move has been, like all the others. “Couldn’t there be one place I would feel content to live?” Sarah though hopelessly and opened the back door. Grabbing her luggage out of the back seat of the car she casually walked through the front door of the house.
Firstly she began to look for her new room for the next few dreaded years.
There were three bedrooms, one bath, a fully stocked kitchen, a living room and an empty study, which her mother already claimed. All of the walls were painted a bland and ancient color that was peeling off the old surfaces. The living room needed new carpeting and the ceiling fans all need to be dusted as well and every window in every room needed to be scrubbed clean. It was easy to tell that this residence has been vacant for quite some time. Word is, the previous residents moved south to a warmer climate. The floor had been crafted all from hardwood, but it needed to be swept and refinished. The first bedroom room Sarah opened was the largest, so she knew her parents would occupy it and she didn’t want to cause a disturbance. The next room held far too much light, when the sun would come up in the morning, so that wasn’t an option. And the last room felt perfect for her. It is isolated from the rest of the house and doesn’t need too much work. The air tasted slightly stale, but it wasn’t musty thankfully. She opened the window to allow fresh air to circulate and a smile barely touched the corner of her mouth as she peered into the failing light. The bonus to this residence for her was that it felt really dark and it pointed to a wild, natural tree line. What new wonders did those trees hold?
In the new room sat a new single size bed, an antique dresser and a full length mirror. She sighed thinking: “It’s just perfect for my plain and inconspicuous looks.” Sarah looked in the mirror and thought “How could anyone would want to have a boring woman like me. My looks are bland and my mirrored wardrobe matches my outlook. The chipped paint has more personality than I do.”
Knowing how little sleep she received during this trip and her first day of school started in the morning, she took that heavenly bath and quickly went to sleep on her new bed mattress that hadn’t been broken in.

***

“Another start to a great and terrible day!” Connor yawned airily while walking into the lit kitchen to first notice his mother, Jenny, and his little sister, Kara. Kara was sitting at the dining room table eating a scrambled egg and cheese omelet and a piece of wheat toast. Jenny was already busy cooking eggs on the skillet for herself. They both turned to look directly at him.
“Awe… Quit your bellyaching and have some breakfast!” Remarked Jenny with a light laugh. Jenny is your typical mom of two young adults. She’s fun, loving and relentlessly overprotective. She is of average build of a forty three year old woman, but that is all that’s typical about her. Just keep out of her way when she is in a hurry… if you know what’s good for you. Being the son of the head nurse at the biggest hospital in the county, you learn to move out of the way when she needs to do something immediately.
“Brother! Why don’t you do something about those bullies at school? I know for a fact they won’t be a match, you need to stick up for yourself.” Blurted out his rambunctious eighteen year old sister, Kara. It wasn’t the first time she expressed this sentiment. She is barley five foot one and, dripping wet, weighs one hundred and five pounds. She has three hobbies that she is passionate about; cheerleading, painting and annoying the life out of Connor. She is a true master of all three. Her personality is akin to a Jack Russell terrier who mainstreams caffeine. She is small, annoying, won’t be quiet for more than a thousandth of a second and he somehow adores her very much. She makes his life just a little more interesting and difficult at the same time. An odd balance.
“Because Kara. If I fought those guys, nothing would ever be solved.” Connor answered blandly with a yawn at the end of the sentence.
“What do you mean, Brother?” She asked somewhat innocently. She then threw an apple at him from off the counter and he caught it mindlessly. Also ever since Kara was little she has only ever called Connor, Brother. She’s never once called him by his given name since she was born.
“He means that he is nineteen, six foot and two and weighs 240 pounds. He’s larger than your average high school senior, even for a football player, not to mention he’s built like a tank.” Jenny leaned closer to Kara and lowered her tone meaningfully. “Think Kara, what would happen if Connor so much as punched one of his classmates without holding back?” She asked while being serious and looking Kara in the eyes with a quizzical expression.
“Hopefully the bully will get a concussion. Better yet! Brother would knock him into a coma. Oh, and maybe Brother will break their bones like dry twigs.” Kara squeaked and grinned up at Jenny innocently.
“And? What else would happen because of his actions, Kara?” She asked, waiting for more. Kara started shrinking away because Jenny started to give her The Evil Eye when she realized her mistake.
“I would be suspended or worse, expelled. Then Granddaddy won’t take me out camping because of our agreement to not fight for myself. Also this is our last semester as high school students and then it will all be over. I can put up with their pointless and childish drama until then, Sis. Besides what would I have to gain if I hurt them?” Connor had to speak to get Kara out of Jenny’s spotlight. “Hey Kara! Go get my things ready, I’m in the mood to run this morning. Get a move on.”
As Kara gladly left the kitchen she said under her breath “Yes! This is going to be a fun ride today.” She said it obviously not only to help in Connor’s training, but to get away from Jenny’s piercing glare.
After Kara left the kitchen, Connor felt his mom’s eyes on the back of his head burning a bald spot there. He could always tell when someone was watching or something strange was about to happen. David, his grandfather always called that his Sixth Sense or as Connor calls it, Instinct. To this day it has never been proven wrong. “What’s wrong, Mom?” He asked without turning around. He then took a bite out of the green apple in his hand. “Yea… What a great morning breakfast…NOT!” He thought to himself. Not a moment later the toast popped up out of the toaster, he caught it in midair, without looking, and took out a large bite in one fluid motion. He has always had exceptional reflexes.
“Why do you always help your sister out when I try and ask her a serious question? I’m trying to teach her that she can’t always be so rash and impulsive.” She asked in a tone that was quite obviously annoyed.
“Kara, rash? Who could ever put a muzzle on that mouth of hers… one that would ever work?” Connor said as a joke. He turned around and saw Jenny wasn’t even humored. “Ok. Ok Mom. The reason why I always help her out is because I can’t stand her not smiling. Also Granddaddy has always called me a protector, but with Kara, I try to make her smile so that she isn’t tormented… like me.” With that said Jenny’s face softened and became both proud and sad at the same time. Then he added “Kara is annoying, innocent and blunt. She keeps me on my toes. Just worry for her future husband. He’s screwed.” He finished with a wide grin which made Jenny smile eventually.
“BRRROOOOTTTTHHHHEEEERRRR!!! I’M WAITING!” Kara yelled loudly from the garage. “Yes she is exactly like a Jack Russell… Oh well.”
“Get going you big ox, before I find a way to get mad at you too!” Jenny said in a sigh, while throwing his heavy backpack at him. And yes they always throw things in his family.
He waved goodbye to his mom with a piece of toast in his mouth.
Walking into the one car garage, Connor spotted Kara already sitting in the wagon he built for her thirteenth birthday, with the help of his grandfather. She was waiting very impatiently in the wagon, it wasn’t out of the ordinary. Connor tossed his backpack to her and she handed him his chest harness. The harness was made in the shape of an X so that when he pulls it, the weight will be evenly displaced over his entire chest. On the back of the harness, a rope tethered to a metal ring and is attached to another metal ring at the fore of the wagon. For the past two years Connor’s grandfather has made him run to school every day. Actually Connor hinted that it would be a good idea, but made it seem as if it were his grandfathers. And their school laid just over eight miles away from their house, luckily only three houses are on the way to school. No one really see’s him doing the difficult training. And he felt happy that his grandfather will be here in the morning to take him camping this weekend. And during this past summer the two of them stayed out camping for a month together, for summer break.
It was fun just hanging out with him.
Kara just looked at Connor as if he had lost his mind as he simply stood there daydreaming, but all she said was “Well?”
“Are you ready?” He asked trying not to look too pathetic.
“Well DUH!” She said in a mocking voice, dramatically crossing her arms.
Slowly, Connor began walking out of the garage, effortlessly pulling Kara in her wagon while trying not to jar her. Springs underneath greatly absorbed the road. At the end of their driveway he saw a moving van and a light blue car sitting across the street. What seemed strange was that he didn’t know the make or even the model of the blue vehicle. The house had been vacated for over five years after the original family moved. “Cool, it’s about time we get some new neighbors. He thought expectantly.
Then he stopped cold when a voice from across the street yelled.
“SARAH! WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU?!” Yelled a tall man who Connor guessed to be middle aged, like his mother. He had a slim yet muscular build as he stood in the front yard. He wore blue jeans and a light blue t-shirt. Long silver hair cascaded over broad shoulders and came to an end at the base of his shoulder blades. He was clean shaved with very sharp masculine features. He was very handsome, yet all the hairs on the back of Connor’s neck stood on end, his instinct said that that man was extremely dangerous.
Then came another voice in answer. One completely opposite.
“Over here, Father!” The sound of the voice was like the softest of velvets. If he did not have extremely sharp hearing Connor wouldn’t have been capable of hearing her unique melody. It was impossible to see just who the voice belonged to though. And for some reason Connor felt very disappointed.
The silver haired man turned to her voice and yelled again. “You are going to be late! Get a move on it…Girl!” He said in a condescending voice.
Several things happened in the next frightening moment. The silver haired man turned and looked directly at Connor. He sneered at him with cold malice in his eyes and a chill shot down Connor’s spine. “What was that?” Connor instinct was telling him to run away, run away now, but couldn’t even draw breath under those deadly azure eyes. Then Kara kicked her brother and at last broke eye contact. He then turned to look at her. “Thank you!”
 “Go, Brother or I’ll tell Mom not to give you any supper tonight if we’re late to school.” She said while trying to look serious, which never works out for her. All it made him do was laugh. Kara hasn’t really had any dangerous issues to deal with because she’s so cheerful, or Connor settled the problem without her being aware. She wouldn’t be in any of those situations if he had any say.
Without saying another word, Connor took off running at his fullest, while pulling Kara. All she did was giggle at the change of pace. What she didn’t know was that he was really trying to get as far away from that man as possible.
Connor blazed down the long dirt road, almost out in the middle of nowhere, making nigh a sound or kicking up any dirt. The wagon was the only thing that gave them away. Here in this area all of the trees, plants and animals still thrive in harmony, with very little human interference. Twenty to thirty minutes away sat the local town, so it’s not too bad. Almost half of the year the trees are healthy shades of green and the other half is snow white, but it is so peaceful that no matter how bad a person’s day has been, the scenery just washes all the problems away.
Their high school is about eight miles away from their house. Connor ran there in under an hour, barely breaking a sweat in the crisp spring air. About a mile down the road laid an old trail through the woods that he always used instead of running all the way down the street to get to school. Not only did it take unsuspecting eyes from them, it also felt great to run along a path instead of a manmade road. Running like this is a piece of cake thanks to daily training. It was the only way to burn off much of his stress and pent up energy.
Luckily they arrived at school before any faculty or students showed up for another long day of droning boredom. Kara got out of the wagon carrying her school bag and also Connor’s. He picked up the wagon and placed it behind a dense thicket that grew off the side of the trail that led to the school. He always hid it there because the other students would find something new to use to torment him with. Afterwards he and Kara walked beyond the confines of the trees and entered the school’s campus.
Their moderately sized school is made up with both middle and high school students put together and is three stories tall. It’s old and built mostly from red brick, back in the nineteen forties, and a few beige portables stood out in the backside of the campus. The teachers are usually nice and understanding to everyone, except towards Connor. The real problem isn’t primarily with the teachers, but with all of his peers. He had always worn long, solid black sleeved shirts and black pants or jeans. At all times, he’d wear hiking boots instead of sneakers. Shaggy, sandy blond hair was disheveled to hide his eyes, so the nickname he was grew up with was Black Sheep.
People usually get startled when he looks at them directly for some reason so he keeps his hair over his eyes, to not make matters worse.
Kara waited with him for a short time and then went straight to her cheerleading friends, when they arrived. She said “Later, Brother!” and then disappeared. When she left he looked into the sky and calculated it to be about thirty more minutes until the first class begins.
Connor casually walked up to his favorite oak tree that grew at the tree line of the school. Effortlessly he climbed the tree, sat on a thick limb and closed his eyes. Being in a tree or out in nature calms him for some reason, but he simply figured that since he was an avid outdoorsman it was a love for nature and its beauty that eased his stress.
About ten minutes later a familiar voice shouted “Hey, Buddy!” and Connor knew exactly who that voice belonged to, without even opening his eyes.
“Hey, Mark. Are you ready for another fun and disastrous day?” he asked with his eyes still closed. Connor could easily smell Mark’s aftershave rising from below because there wasn’t even a gentle breeze to carry it away.
When Mark eventually reached the Oak tree Connor was perched in, he sat down below in the solid roots. With a sigh Mark said “Yep and nope!” and then blurted out “We have a new teacher for our history class. Just found out a minute ago. She supposedly just moved over here from Washington State.” He ended his statement with a short laugh.
When Mark said she Connor cracked an eye to look down at Mark’s expression, just to see him grinning up, waiting to see a reaction of his own. Mark is like your average size best friend and is also quite popular among the ladies, but he’s never dated anyone seriously for some reason. He’s always getting good grades in every subject and in every class, like he has done this before. He could charm any lady, young or old. Jet black spiky hair stood in every direction and practically liquid silver eyes made women sigh in wonder. He lives by himself in an apartment, so he works at the local diner on the weekends to earn enough income to live. Apparently his parents died a long time ago and he really doesn’t like talking about it so Connor leaves that particular subject alone. Mark’s said he’s been an emancipated teen since he was thirteen which is hard to believe, but he has all the legal documents to prove his case.
Also Mark is Connor’s one, and only, best friend. Growing up together for the past seven years, Mark is the only person outside Connor’s family who knows his painful secret.

When it came time to enter class, Connor jumped out of the tree, landing silently next to Mark. Agility like a cat he’d sometimes been compared. Mark always jokes about Connor’s nimbleness compared to his large size being impossible, like a cruel joke against nature. They both entered the school shoulder to shoulder, only to be greeted by most of the senior varsity football team. There was only one choice to choose from, either go around and be late or try passing through. He’s been late enough already.
Connor accidently bumped into the quarterback Mathew “Sorry, Mathew.” he said meekly. Mathew turned and saw who barely brushed his shoulder, then he laughed in Connor’s face. “Here comes yet another round of ignorant banter.”
“Well! Well! Well! What looks like a cow, thinks like a cow and is built like a cow?” Some popular girls laughed along with the other players and a boy behind Mathew answered “Connor!” in an obvious reply. Connor put his head down out of both habit and necessity and started to walk away.
Seconds later Mathew dashed at Connor while his back was turned. “Here he comes, should I side step or take the hit… I’ll take it so he can feel better about himself.” When Connor was successfully tackled to the ground Mathew yelled “And that is how you tip a cow!” 
Everyone in the locker lined hall laughed, except Mark. He knelt down by his head and asked “You alright, Buddy?”
“Yeah, Bud. It will take a lot more than that to really hurt me, but you know that already.” Connor pushed himself up to his knees, slowly, and pretended to actually be hurt from that weak assault.
And surprisingly Mark smiled and gave a knowing wink while whispering “Yep. It would take a tank to even scratch your thick hide.” With that he offered his hand to lift Connor up.
Now a teacher came out into the hallway to see what all of the commotion was about. He was a short, balding man with a mean streak that knew few bounds and his name was Mr. V. Also Mr. V. is a science teacher that last year Connor singed the man’s eyebrows accidently. Ever since then he’s been returning guilt with interest. It was his fault for getting too close to the Bunsen burner when Connor was using a hydrogen filled bladder and an open flame. Also Connor’s well versed in many subjects, especially in sciences and knows more in that subject than Mr. V. does, but Connor pretends to be ignorant to keep trouble away. He doesn’t need a teacher who is overly prideful, but Mr. V. is all they have at the school for seniors and the credits to graduate were needed. Mr. V. looked solely and distastefully at Connor, but to the rest of the students he yelled “Get to class! All of you!” 
Everyone went away as ordered, but they were still laughing mostly because Mr. V singled him out yet again. “Ah, another day, another disaster.”

The rest of the day went about the same. During lunch, Connor surprisingly received only had one carton of milk spilled accidentally over his shoulder and down his back. Usually he ended up worse on the average day. Meatloaf day always caused dread, especially trying to remove barbeque sauce from his clothes. Together he and Mark walked into the empty Home Ec. room and washed the milk out of his shirt before anyone could come back in and see the secret he hid from prying eyes. Mark was always there to keep a lookout. After lunch it was Science class with Mr. V.
In science Mr. V. began asking what were the parts contained in atoms. The teacher looked directly at Connor and asked “What is this part?” he pointed at a representation of an atom.
His only reply was to look silent and beaten while saying “I don’t know, sir. I didn’t have time to study last night.”
Mr. V’s snide remark wasn’t original in the least. “What a surprise!” Connor thought to himself “Get over yourself. I really do know you pompous fool. There are three basic parts to an atom; the proton, neutron and the electron. And all of the elements are categorized by the atomic index and all matter…”

Finally came the last period of the day, American History, and not a moment too soon. Mark sat next to Connor because it’s the only class they have together. “Ready to meet our new teacher?” Mark asked in a barely suppressed joy. The desks were designed for two people to share and individual chairs to slide in and out of the desk. The classroom held a total of twenty annoying students, if they all were present.
“Thrilled!” Connor exclaimed in a chipper tone while actually being bored and wasn’t thrilled in the least. Mark knew his friend well enough to know when he was having another bad day so Mark jumped on to another topic.
When Mark finished chatting on his Algebra assignment that he passed with perfect numbers, yet again, Connor looked out the window to see two squirrels fighting over an acorn. They chased each other up and down the oak tree merrily, in fast moving circles, sometimes jumping from one tree to the next. Their lively excitement became the perfect distraction and balm for his mood. Connor began laughing to himself quietly at seeing the jokesters of the animal kingdom. One of the rodents got a hold of the nut and began fleeing from his pursuer. But then another squirrel jumped out and began the chase anew.
The final bell to get to class rang loudly.
Just as the chime died Connor heard the classroom door open. Here we go again, someone new to laugh at me for their expense!
This was the first day Connor met her.





School and Life

When she walked behind the desk Connor realized this stunning creature has to be the new teacher Mark spoke of earlier this morning, but she looked more like a student. But there was something about her sent his instinct off.
Connor tore his eyes away from her so he continued to blandly stare outside, but unfortunately he got a very good look at her. She stood far shorter than he, barely five foot at most. She could be about the same height as Kara if not slightly shorter, by his initial guess. Her figure was obviously petite with a heart shaped face and perfect porcelain skin. She looks about to be in her late teens or early twenties and has a flawless complexion. Long, silky brown hair flowed down to the small of her back. The hair looked thick and held only the slightest touch of natural curls, but she kept her hair loose. Her long hair reminded him of healthy, nutritious earth. What really caught his eye in that single moment he looked upon her were those knowledgeable emerald green eyes. It’s the color of life and also his favorite color.
As he continued to stare out the window, hoping to find the playful creatures again, Mark sharply elbowed Connor’s in the ribs. He felt surprised that Mark didn’t hurt himself to gain his attention. Connor casually turned to look at him and he heard something unexpected. “Look at this new teacher; she is as bland and plain as the wallpaper. Talk about giving your hopes up.” He said in a very quiet voice that only Connor could possibly hear. And Mark’s eyes were hiding something else as he looked upon her… or did Connor imagine it? Mark’s eyes must be playing tricks again.
Connor looked at him fully, but didn’t say anything. Inside his head it was a different matter. “Who are you talking about? Not the new teacher? Why would you say that about her? She’s perfect! I just wish I was older and braver to ask her out on a date one day…Dream on…” He shook his head to clear out the random thoughts growing out of control.
She then wrote her name on the board. Ms. Sarah Branderson
Connor had to look away from her again because he could feel something in the air, energy? drawing him in. And finally she spoke.
“Hello everyone I’m your new history teacher, Ms. Sarah.” She had a very feminine and velvety voice. She is also quite soft spoken. “Where in the world did I hear her voice from? ... Wait! Is she my new neighbor?” She went on saying “This is my first time teaching so bear with me if I make a mistake.” Her tone and the sudden shift of her eyes spoke otherwise. “Why are you lying?” But Connor remained quiet. Sometimes catching someone in a lie and confronting them about it was the worst thing a person could do. She ended her introduction with a question “Since this is a history class and time is always a factor and constantly moving forward, adding that much more to our histories. How do you personally tell time?”
Connor assumed the class looked around at each other in confusion. Some of the talkers went silent while some chairs grated on the floor as the person it supported tried finding a comfortable position. Mathew, who is also in class, answered first. “ You mean like a clock?” She nodded her head approvingly when Connor caught her vague reflection on the glass. Why, even when he tried looking for the squirrels, did his eyes seek hers, even in a reflection? She went on and calmly, asking every student how they tell time. Some said their TV, her watch, his calendar, computer, cell phone and so on.
Connor could hear her steps and even they were perfect.
Mark then answered her with “My Tablet!” as he pilled it out, fully displaying the time boldly across the screen which made everyone in the class laugh and it pulled Connor out of his rampantly warring mind. Finally she got to him. “Great, now everyone will laugh. Oh well I’ll just do it regardless.”
Ms. Sarah called “What’s your name, Sir?”
“Connor.” He said, forcing himself to look out of the window and not directly into her exquisite eyes. Just thinking about them again quickened the pace of his heart and he began feeling slightly flush. Thankfully his hair would hide most evidence of his reaction.
“Ok, Mr. Connor. How do you tell time?” She asked innocently.
“You’ll laugh like everyone else.” Taking a deep breath through his nose was a mistake because she smelled too pleasant. Her fragrant smell already permeated the room. She smelled just like apples and strawberries. “I use nature as my time keeper!” He blurted out before the smell of her could make him any worse or spontaneously combust.
Everyone laughed, just as expected, but Connor heard a distinctive sigh amongst the boisterous laughter. He had to make sure he didn’t hear his imagination getting ahead of him once again.
Through the hair that shaded others from his eyes he looked at everyone around and for some reason Ms. Sarah stepped up right in front of his desk. By their will alone, his eyes went up and met her lovely emerald green eyes and noticed she wasn’t laughing or making fun at his expense, like the others. It was a first and for some reason Connor cherished her ignorant innocence of not knowing what everyone else thought of him. And she asked in her velvet coated voice “Can you give us some examples?”
Connor stared at her for a long moment and noticed that no one in the class currently laughed at his expense any longer. He forcibly tore his eyes away from her and noticed all of his classmates were staring slack jawed at her. He thought it was because no one has ever asked him such a question, in a polite way before. Only two people were smiling in encouragement, both Mark and Sarah. “No Connor, its Ms. Sarah.”
At last he answered what he knew that few others did, looking out the window again “The sun and the moon reveal day and night and were the original means of establishing time. There are four seasons; Spring, Summer, Fall and Winter. I use the phases of the moon to tell the date, for even it is constant for setting time and date. It is more accurate than our calendar system because it stays remarkably the same, even as it moves further from the planet each year. Also tonight there will be a full moon, if you’re wondering. There is also the sun dial which our ancestors used as a clock by reading the dial’s shadow during the daylight hours. It must always face north to function properly.” Connor finished with confidence because he knew precisely what he was talking about. He finally looked up at Ms. Sarah and she had a look of nostalgia written on her expression (probably remembering something from her past.) The look revealed compelled him say something that apparently caught her off guard. “Another thing that would be pertinent Ms. Sarah, our ancestors also regarded balance as nature’s one true law. It’s balance is the only reason we can create a timeline.”
Ms. Sarah gasped and for the first time she truly looked upon him. Her green eyes were blazing with intensity, and he got the feeling that she was looking through him. Also there was this sudden and weird sensation, like someone scratching at his brain. It became quite irritating.
After a few moments, she turned away quickly and started to the front board. She said “Everyone please read chapter nine, section six and answer question number seven. Then turn your answers in at the end of class.” As she finished writing on the board, she slid into her chair. Her brow furrowed and Connor knew that look all too well. She began having a bad migraine.
While everyone began working on the assignment Mark leaned in close and quietly asked “What was that all about? Connor seriously, when you said something about balance, she looked like you were a long lost friend or lover. Or maybe a snake would be more precise.” adding a smile he continued “And you look like you finally found something you’ve always strived for, Buddy.”
“I’m just glad it’s Friday.” He sighed while trying to change the subject and answer the book’s question. When he finished answering the lengthy answer he looked up from his paper to noticed Ms. Sarah glancing back at him from under long eyelashes with a curious and delicate brow raised. Then she bit her bottom lip nervously, but the migraine remained, plaguing her.

The bell rang and he turned in his answers, on her desk. Connor then strolled out the door and on his way. Kara sometime later met up with him at their usual spot. Pulling out the wagon from the thicket Kara asked “How was your day, Brother?”
Only one word came out “Weird” and he took off running back home.

***

Sarah asked an average good looking boy with silver eyes and jet-black hair the same question and he answered with “My Tablet!” and everyone giggled. “I have found another class clown.” Walking around the obvious jokester she saw the next participant. “Now let’s ask the big guy staring out the window.” His shaggy hair covered most of his feature and his eyes were hidden. He was wearing a black long sleeve shirt with black jeans. “Black on Black? Not too many people can pull that off, but he can. His sandy blonde hair makes a good contrast to his outfit. He looks like he is avoiding me for some reason.” To see if it was true she asked him “What’s your name, Sir?”
He still stared outside and answered the question without emotion.
“Ok, Mr. Connor. How do you tell time?” “Please, I hope someone in here tells it like I do.”
He replied. “You’ll laugh like everyone else.” He took a deep breath to steady himself. “I use nature as my time keeper!” And everyone in the class actually laughed at his honest answer.
Sarah sighed after finally finding the rare dying treasure, a person who can tell time without modern conveniences. And he abruptly looked away from the window and started scanning the room. “Wow he heard me sigh during everyone’s vigorous laughter, he has good hearing. And the way he is scanning everything, he has the eyes of a hunter searching for his prey. Let’s test that theory.”
Sarah moved forward, barley a half step and finally saw the color of his eyes through his hair. Hazel eyes zeroed in on her instantly and her heart jumped in fright. “Yes, he defiantly has the eyes of a predator, but there is something else too… What is it?” She continued smiling and asked politely while feeling like something highly dangerous sat in the class. “Can you give some examples?” Everyone in the room became eerily silent.
“What’s so shocking? Does anyone like this kid? Is he an outcast or something?” She looked at his table partner Mark. “He seems to be the only one encouraging Connor.” That’s when their eyes fully connected and she felt a massive sensation flow through her body. “Whoa, who is this kid? He is not like your typical student in this day and age. Also what in the world was that feeling?”
He looked away again and that allowed her to take another breath. “Thank goodness, I couldn’t move while his raptor like eyes were zeroed on me like some helpless prey. Yes, he defiantly has the eyes of a hunter. Now that I look closer, he looks slightly older than these other kids.” Could he have been held back? Connor finally answered in his strong masculine voice. “The sun and the moon reveal day and night…” he then continued his moderately length explanation with perfect clarity that it gave her chills. “Ok one thing is for sure, he’s been raised well. At least he tells time like the people of old did, like I still do. I have found someone who thinks like me. It’s rare to find anyone like this anymore, especially at his age.” Then he truly surprised her by adding the last two sentences.
It felt as if lightning struck her whole being.
“Who in the world is this kid? He spoke of balance like he knows of what I am. Connor might be too dangerous to my family. I have to know for sure. This will not be pleasant, but I need to know who he is or if he knows about me.” For the first time in many months, she used her limited powers. Sarah dove deep into her mind to concentrate and then pushed out with her special innate sense with all the will she could muster and without being obvious to what she was doing. Then just before Sarah’s power reached Connor’s mind it felt like colliding into a brick wall at a full run. “Why can I not read his mind?” Then a thought came. “Maybe I’m not at my best and my powers aren’t working properly again.” The whole time she was conversing with herself, Connor barely stared like he felt something.
Trying to change the mood and flow of the class Sarah broke contact with Connor and walk up to the chalkboard. Writing on the chalk board she said to the entire class, masking her worry quite well “Everyone please read chapter nine, section six and answer question seven. Then turn your answers in at the end of class.” Finishing writing she thought. “Ok, now I need to get Connor out of my head and think of a solution to this problem… Oh man here it comes.” Just as she started to sit down, the migraine hit with the power of an air horn on a hangover, inside her head. Pain throbbed behind her eyes and the back of her neck knotted to make the consequences known. It was truly painful, but not a surprise anymore. “This is the always the cost of using my power without being balanced with a mate.” Sarah always chastised herself after using her abilities.
Sarah noticed Connor caught her unconsciously glancing at him so she looked away and closed her eyes until the migraine went away just a little bit.
The bell rang suddenly like only a handful of minutes passed, but her mind remained elsewhere. As everyone left they put the papers on her desk. Her last thought was “I’d better tell Father and see what his opinion is about this kid I couldn’t get a read on.”

As Sarah hesitantly pulled into the driveway of the new house for the second time, she looked up and knew only a few hours remained of daylight. The new residence will be called home for the next five years or so. Sarah and her family choose wooded areas mainly for her because not only is it quieter, but no one can really see them if they do anything out of the ordinary. Turning off the ignition, she stepped out of the car and walked inside, through the garage. She sat the keys down on the counter and took off her shoes.
The migraine still throbbed, but not as severely.
On her way inside, she found her father as he sat in the living room. The two of them moved here to get things setup before her mother eventually arrived. That’s the worst problem, she isn’t here. When Jillian gets too far away from Jack he becomes imbalanced, so he drinks heavily to alleviate his sorrow and pain. Drowning in liquor wasn’t the best substitute, but not much else is. They have been together for over seven hundred years. Also when he is really mad or upset, he can become hostile to everyone around him. As Jack saw her enter the living room he slurred “Meet anyone more plain or annoying than you, Girl?”
She replied timidly to keep him from jumping into a blind, drunken rage. “Yes, Father, some new faculty seem pleasant enough and a few surprising students.” It was best to leave him alone when he’s like this.
“Surprising to you is Muck to me!” He said in an angry manner, not his usual relaxed state, and is always frightening to witness.
Sarah looked over to the table in front of him and saw that he had downed an entire bottle of whiskey since she left to teach this morning or was that his second? “Well he’s drunk, I had better not tell him about what I felt from Connor…” She then looked at her father and apparently he was using his powers to read her mind. Too late! He exited the chair with inhuman speed and stood right before her and the burst of movement forced Sarah to take an involuntary step back. He grabbed her shoulder as the empty bottle shattered on the ground and yelled while staring her eye to eye. “Who the hell is Connor!? And why couldn’t you read him?” Struggling, she somehow broke free of his grasp. He followed as she tried opening the door to put as much distance between them as possible. He seemed to have gone mad. Once she finally managed to open the door she tried running, only to fail. “Who or what is Connor!? If he is a threat us, you know I will have kill him.”
Stumbling out the front door, Jack watched as she fell. Sarah tried, but wasn’t able to get back up from under his murderous glare. All she could say in a calm voice was “He is just a child. I simply could not read his mind. All I know is he is not a threat to us…” Just then Sarah faintly heard an odd sound coming from up the road… squeaky wheels? It was an odd sound. Her father suddenly helped her up, angrily as he heard the same thing and knew well enough to not cause a scene. Even drunk, he knew they couldn’t reveal their true selves to outsiders.
“It must be that Big Mule pulling a little girl in a wagon again.” He said, answering her quizzical thoughts. Then Sarah caught sight of the Mule, as her father put it, and instantly recognized who ran. Her eyes went frightfully wide, almost flying out of their sockets.
Connor was running at an unbelievable pace while pulling a wagon with a little girl and not make any sound while running. Sarah guessed it was his sister. It was an odd sight that one doesn’t see these days with automobiles readily available everywhere. What was even odder was that Connor was breathing normally while running at a rigorous pace. He has amazing stamina for a boy his size. Connor slowed his stride when he caught sight of Sarah and her heart sped in response.
He had a worried look cross his facial features.
Two choices were the only ones available to Sarah. Either introduce her drunken father and hope he doesn’t put the pieces together, and who is currently in the mood for blood, or run away into the woods. She took off running towards the woods with her father demanding “Girl, get back here!”
Connor stopped completely as Sarah turned around to look at him before she ran into the woods. His expression became even more worried than before. She smiled at him, knowing he couldn’t possibly see her do so from the distance they stood apart, but in her head she said “I’m more worried for you than you should be about me. I can’t bring you to harm. You’re innocent.” She broke through the tree line of her property and disappeared, leaving as little of a trail as possible. None could follow from her skills.
After a few hours of running she had come to realize that not only was it getting very dark, but she didn’t know where she had come to find herself. Worse yet the stars were being blocked by clouds. “Great now I’m lost! I’m going to be in for a very long night.” Sarah collected some dry twigs and sticks that were scattered along the ground and put them together, and had no choice but to use her power yet again. Summoning up what energy she could spare, she created a very tiny flame inside the tender bundle. Luckily the collection of dead plants took the flame and she made a small fire to keep her company, keep warm and keep unwanted creatures at bay. Sarah worried about spending the night alone in a foreign forest, but at least Connor wasn’t harmed by her drunken father.

***

The middle aged man with silver haired yelled “Girl, get back here!”
Connor caught the sight of Sarah running away, almost as if her life depended on it. She stopped by the trees and then turned around to look at him, and at no one else, to smile, but it was her that eyes said ‘I’m trying to protect you, Connor.’ She turned away and burst through the tree line of her property.
The silver haired man turned sharply and went back inside his house and he staggered in. “Drunk? Great she has a drunkard she has to live with.”
Kara grabbed Connor’s attention “What was that about?”
“I’m not sure, but I don’t like it. I’d better get you inside, Sis.” He answered her while feeling unsure and worried for his teacher.
“I trust your instincts, Brother.” She said in the same tense manner, while looking worried herself. Kara got up and out of the wagon and went inside. Connor quickly put the wagon in the garage, and sat down on the front step, waiting for Sarah to come back. Looking up to the sky, he noticed how the clouds were moving and building. “If Sarah doesn’t come home in three hours I’m going to track her down to see that she is alright.” Looking up again he said to himself. “If she doesn’t, it’s going to rain in about six hours.” It was time to be patient and wait. Not something many were good at, but he excelled.

Three and a half hours went by and it began getting very dark and the clouds were building just as predicted. Connor hadn’t moved from the front step since he saw Sarah flee into the woods. The front door slowly opened up behind him. Light flooded from the living room all around where he sat on the porch step, looking like a large black rock with sandy blonde hair. Kara stepped around and into his line of sight to say “Brother? You’re worried about her huh?”
Replying to her question felt easy. “Yes, Kara, I am very worried.”
Kara kicked his shin gently saying “Go track her down then! You’re the best there is and she is probably lost if she hasn’t come back by now. This isn’t the city, Brother, there are animals out here capable of making a snack out of someone like her. I’ll be fine.” His sister wanted him to go.
Before he took off after Sarah, Connor called Mark’s apartment quickly, knowing it was his night off. “Hey Bud, I have to go do something. Will you come over to my house and keep an eye on Kara for me while I’m gone? Our neighbor drinks and it wouldn’t be good for my sister to be home alone.” And Mark seriously replied “Sure, no problem. Just inform me on what’s going on later, ok?” Connor said that it is more than fair.
He hung up the phone and Kara felt thankful for calling Mark over. She didn’t think of the neighbor while he ran into the woods alone. Connor then put on the outdoor hiking boots again, knowing the terrain isn’t the best and can be treacherous at the best of times, especially at night made everything worse. He still wore his black long sleeves and black pants and there wasn’t time to change into a new pair of clothes.
Walking into the garage, Connor grabbed Kara’s poncho from her bag and stuffed it into his pocket. He also walked over to his work bench and grabbed Tool. It is an outdoorsman’s necessity. It is a tool that has a hammer on one side and a sharp hatchet on the other. It is made of solid metal as is its shaft. Sliding the shaft of Tool into his pants belt loop, he thought. “I hope that I don’t need this, but just in case I’d better keep it close. Thank goodness I sharpened it last night and…” Connor looked into the bleak and cloudy sky becoming more engorged once again and thought “I need to get going before it’s too late and her tracks wash away.”
Finally he was off. Connor raced silently across his own yard, crossed the road and ran to the exact spot where he last saw Sarah in just a few moments. When he found where the leaves of a tree had broken from someone violently pushing through, he took off following her footprints as quickly as he could without losing her trail.
He stopped.
Suddenly he realized a few things after only a few yards. With a quick glance over his shoulder he realized that none could have witnesses how her trail she left behind altered so dramatically. Her strides became too far apart for her legs to be running normally, especially for a girl her size. She was also barely leaving a trail unlike your average person. Then he noticed a seriously big problem. She ran off barefooted, “Not Good!” he said to himself and quickened his pace instead of admiring her running technique.
He started sprinting beside her unique tracks and thought “Nope, she is defiantly no amateur. No wonder why I had a suspicion about how she walked earlier in class.” He smiled to himself, ready to take on her challenge.
Sarah didn’t stick to game trails like average people; she cut through brush that would make weaker people cringe, and without barely disturbing the foliage. She ran on top of rocks and tree roots instead of dirt and grass, limiting her impact while trying to hide her trail from any who would follow. Connor knew it was her because the rocks were pressed down into the dirt by something approximately Sarah’s weight, making the soil rise slightly up the sides of the small objects that were traversed upon. She avoided tree branches that would snap and reveal her presence. She clearly was an expert on avoiding being found, that is for certain.
Connor stopped suddenly when he found a perfect casting of her right footprint in the dirt after several miles of searching. It was pressed deep and most of the pressure of her foot had been placed over the ball instead of the heel. Her footprint announced that she had jumped, and powerfully at that. Looking forward, he noticed a thicket of dense ferns and saw that not one stem or leaf had been recently disturbed in weeks. Nearby tree limbs also remained mostly undisturbed, but some smaller twigs were snapped, all pointing in the same direction. She proved to be very good at avoiding a normal tracker, but normal wasn’t applied to Connor. He followed the trajectory that her foot pointed for her jump. He found where she landed on both feet. She had jumped well over fifteen feet, heavily, and easily cleared the thicket without much of trace. Those broken twigs also told that she had jumped that high as well.
Darkness grew until becoming pitch black because the fat clouds were still building and the clouds began hiding the full moon, plunging the night even darker. “Little does Sara know I can track during a new moon as well as well as I can during the daylight hours.” Connor’s eyesight and hearing had always been sharp and acute and his mom always said his genes were the best.
He began running again, following her the faint trail of footprints the rest of the way as safely in the darkness as he dared. Rushing would only serve to harm the rescue and she didn’t allow herself to be found, even after that impressive jump.

After thirty more minutes of solid running and tracking, he felt that same comforting sensation on the back of his neck again. Connor’s instinct told him Sarah was nearby.
A faint orange glow in the trees broke the curtain of darkness just a few moments later, confirming his instinct right once again. He knew that she had a fire going. “Thank goodness you’re ok Sarah.” He finally stepped closer to the fire and to Sarah, very quietly so as to be absolutely certain.





Fire and Water

“I can’t believe I’ve gotten myself lost before scouting out the landscape.” Sarah silently rebuked herself while staring into the small crackling fire. “Well at least Conner’s safe from Father for now… It’s so dark now that no one will ever be able to find me out here and I still can’t see the stars to know which direction to go. Have the clouds thickened?” She sighed and grumbled in personal embarrassment once again. Sarah sat cross-legged in front of the small fire while letting its warmth to not only keep her company but to also knock off the chill the wind constantly carried her way. “I still love the sounds of a good fire on a cold, spring night. What I can’t believe is how exposed I am wearing only a thin t-shirt, shorts and no shoes…ugh. How stupid am I?”
Just then Sarah felt, rather than saw, that someone watched her. It felt like the eyes watching were too intelligent to be from an animal. Spinning around quickly to see what looked upon her, she gasped, nearly jumping backwards, into the fire. Not twenty feet away stood a tall and dark figure coming toward her from the shadows. Her heart began to race with fear from the silent threat the figure casted. What made matters worse is that she didn’t hear the person’s approach.
“I’m so glad that I found you safe and unharmed.” The tall figure said in a deep and comforting tone while approaching her casually. “Wait… That voice… it couldn’t be… Connor?” Sure enough, Connor peeled himself out of the shadows, like he was one with the darkness. A shadow among shadows. His dark clothing matched perfectly in the abysmal night. His shaggy hair was pulled back and Sarah finally gained her first complete look at his strikingly handsome features. His straight nose, squared chin, piercing eyes and everything within his features made him seem more than simply being a high school student.
He also stood tall which made her reconsider just how large he is. He didn’t hunch or pull his wide shoulders close. She wondered why he seemed so uncomfortable and bent over, it was a disguise to hide just how powerful he is.
The only thing she could say at the moment was “How did you get out here, Connor?” Sarah said with real and complete astonishment while also revealing her weariness. As she spoke, he visibly relaxed while hearing her voice for some strange reason.
“I was worried for your safety. These woods aren’t kind like many ignorantly believe. After you ran away from that white haired man…”
“He’s…my father.” Sarah corrected cautiously. She didn’t know what was happening. In the whole of her life, not once has she ever faced such a situation or confrontation like this. And her obvious unease made Connor smile in a disarming way and his lips looked pleasant. “He has a nice truthful smile.”
“Ok. Your father then...” He continued “I saw you run away from him like a bat out of hell and dove into my woods. After that smile you gave me just before you disappeared that basically said ‘I’m trying to protect you.’ It made me very anxious and worried for you and whatever was happening. So I waited a few hours for you to come back. you didn’t and it made me worry that much more. When you failed to return after a few hours, I started trailing you.” He said with obsessive pride which made Sarah smile at such kindness.
Sarah remained sitting cross-legged next to the fire when Connor came over and sat across from her. He kept his distance to put her more at ease. His dominating presence made it impossible to ignore, no matter how far away he sat. With one leg straight and the other bent, he propped his back against an oak tree and looked right at home. He closed his piercing hazel eyes and had a slight smile on his lips. Only then did she realize just how much she studied him. She couldn’t look away, but a part of her wasn’t feeling secure at the moment.
She blurted out “How did you track me!? Not only at night, but without a flashlight nor a moon to light your path as well?”
With his eyes still closed he answered calmly and truly. She couldn’t stop herself from watching the seductive movements his lips made. “It was not easy at all, but I am a night person at heart and for some reason I can see and feel things better at night than during the day. I grew up mainly in the outdoors so I guess tracking comes to me naturally… I guess.” He continued smiling as he took a slow breath. “You are also use to nature, you are no amateur.” He said in a way that left Sarah hanging and she always got annoyed when someone does that.
Cautiously, she asked in an even tone “How do you know I’m no amateur?”
After a moment Connor said with reverence “You are a rare, natural outdoors person like me.” Apparently she had a dumbfounded expression on her face because Connor cracked an eye to elaborated. “While I tracked you, you stayed away from making any disturbances on the softer ground while you ran away. You traversed on rocks instead of loose soil, which hold prints very well in this relatively dry season. You bent the grass you stepped on instead of crunching them flat unlike most animals and people. Your clothes and fair skin show you did your best to keep from branches or thorns for I cannot see even a snag, fraying of your clothes or even a scratch on your arms. Also the way you ran proved your strides aren’t normal either. You apparently run slightly faster than your petite frame should allow.” “This kid is good, now I’m getting disturbed at his observations…”
Connor really disturbed Sarah by saying “And your last great jump! Now that was something for the record books. If I didn’t recognize what those tracks meant, you would have lost me right then and there. How did you manage to leap over those ferns like that?” “Connor you are too good and my family is as good as discovered…”
Sarah broke eye contact and had to look down at her dirty feet while she pulled her hair around to mindlessly finger brush it until it became a barrier between them. Even through the barrier she felt exposed and naked to his observations. It took several minutes before she could find her voice to make up an answer, all the while Connor waited patiently. Normal humans have a hard time waiting like him, but if he was an average person she wouldn’t have been found. It was like he didn’t have anywhere else to go and that also made her feel strangely warm in her breast. Protective and secure almost. He remained sitting in the same spot with those odd hazel eyes focused and directed at her, once she finally looked up he smiled. She looked closer at his eyes to find the outer to be sky blue and dark brown before reaching the black abyss that centered the eye. “How can I answer him without telling him everything pertaining to our family’s secret? ... I can’t do it, I promised I would never tell anyone about it until I found my true mate…”
Connor suddenly stood up, looking into the sky.
“It’s about to rain any moment. The air pressure is dropping quickly. It’s dark and we aren’t going to travel anywhere until daybreak.” Connor said in a voice of commanding authority. After he said this he pulled something plastic out of his pocket. “All I could bring with me on such short notice was this small poncho of my sister’s. Put it on and stay dry.” He offered it down to her and she realized just how large and strong his hands were.
Sarah’s reply came quickly. “No, you put it on Connor. I’m the adult and you need to stay dry.” As she said this Connor burst into a fit of laughter. “What a good, strong laugh…” She shook her head quickly to clear it. “Where did that come from. Why did I just think that?”
“Ms. Sarah.” He still laughed softly. “Just put it on, I’m more worried about your health. You’re quite frail next to me and not only that, I’m far too large to fit into under this little poncho. It is kid’s size compared to me.” He smiled in reassurance. “Put it on.” And for some reason she felt that same odd reaction in her body again. For some reason she responded to him on some strange level she never felt before. Sarah took the poncho gratefully out of his hands, also feeling very relieved that he showed up to help when he did. She felt even more relief when he shot a smile that shook her to her very core. To hide the sudden heat in her cheeks she unfolded and slid the poncho on all the while feeling as if the tips of her ears would burst in flames.
Connor walked back over and resumed the same seating arrangement.
Not even twenty seconds later Sarah heard the rain coming toward them. All Connor did was smile handsomely, close his eyes and tilt his skyward. The rain came pouring down all around them in a heavy sheet and all Sarah could manage to do was stare at was him. He just basked in the pelting rain like it was just another sunny day. His innocent expression looked completely relaxed under the fat and heavy drops and his sandy blonde hair became darker the wetter it got. He seemed so achingly handsome at the moment.
Conner’s expression had a calming effect on her, she noticed. In her long life she has never had a feeling of comfort like this. He was here, keeping her company while also giving off a feeling that made her feel safe and secure. Things felt too good to be true.
Eventually the silence broke. “Well?”
He startled her and she asked “Well? Well what?”
“Are you going to tell me why you ran away, trying to protect me from your angry father? How you know how to not make it easy to run without leaving any marks, unless you are an expert tracker? Or how you can run like the wind and jump better than most athletes?” His face came down and aimed those raptor eyes at her. Sarah became both entranced and scared simultaneously.
For some reason her heart started beating savagely, in a way that she didn’t comprehend. “It must be his questions, but he is sooo handsome; I hope I’m not attracted to him…” Sarah put her head in her hands and sighed. Her thoughts were going out of control as were her hormones. Never in her life has she reacted so differently to anyone like she does with him.
The rain slacked slightly and the fire finally extinguished. She lifted her head again and just sat there looking at a soaked Connor who still remained staring at her without wavering. He truly didn’t look cold after all this. He moved his hips to take out something from his belt loop. Personal alarms rose, feeling a sense of danger from what he held in the darkness. While pointing she asked “W…What is that?” while trying to mask her fright, but was unsuccessful.
He sat it down in the mud, “Don’t worry, I never go into the woods without this. My granddaddy made this for me when I was little. He wanted me to have something with multiple purposes, yet remained simple and sturdy. One half is a hammer and the other is a hatchet, and any object worth its weight in gold needs a name so I call it Tool.”
“Tool?” Sarah asked in confusion.
“Yeah, Tool because it can’t be used by itself. It needs a wielder to be used.” And he smiled. 
“Interesting.” Changing subject back to Connor’s earlier questions she reluctantly said “Ok Connor. I cannot tell you everything about me, but I will say something on one condition.”
“And that would be?” He asked skeptically.
“Simply call me Sarah from now on, not Ms. Sarah. I’m not big on titles.” When she said that he smiled a smile that made her heart beat like drums in her ears. “Well that settles it, it apparently weren’t the questions.” Sarah returned with her own shy smile.
“I can handle that, Sarah.” He said while still smiling.
“Ok, as you said I’m odd. I can do things that most others can’t even imagine. For example: run like the wind and jump difficult distances. I can also do other things that I can’t tell just anyone until I find my mate. Will that be a sufficient answer for you?” Looking hopeful was all she had left.
To her surprise again he asked “You’ve been searching for him for a very long time, huh?”
Looking down yet again she replied “Yes, a very long time.”
“How long have you been searching?” His voice sounded content.
“Might as well tell the truth.” “Around three hundred years.”
Surprised yet again he didn’t laugh, scream or make a joke at her expense. He said without any proof “Sounds about right.”
“What?” Sarah looked up and directly at him in astonishment “How can you possibly believe such a gross amount of years?”
He replied “In a few ways: The way that you walk and move around has no wasted movements. That can only come from either harsh physical training or many years of experience. Since you look like you’re in your late teens or early twenties and you don’t have the build of someone who trains regularly, that only leaves me to believe you have years of experience. And the biggest tipoff to me are from your eyes.”
“My eyes?” Sarah began blinking in confusion while shaking off some rain.
“The eyes never lie. When I look into your emerald green eyes, by the way your eyes are my favorite color, you’re eyes say ‘I’m much older than I appear.’ Also I knew that today wasn’t the first time you’ve taught a class before. You lied to everyone, but apparently I was the only person who could tell.” He crossed his arms over his massive chest and grinned at her. He enjoyed her warring expressions.
The entire time he explained, her pulse steadily beat faster as he spoke with such confidence. When he mentioned the color of her eyes being his favorite, her pulse did a back-flip and flared her features to be red hot. Her only hope was that the darkness hid the color.
When he finished she tried to laugh, but it came out as a school girl’s giggle. “Oh yeah, very mature Sarah.” She growled at herself internally.
“What?” He asked, looking confused at the reasoning behind the giggle.
“I just cannot believe how perceptive you are, let alone me telling you how old I really am.” Sarah blurted out again. Feeling like Connor had a right to know, at least a portion of what she was about.
“Well Sarah it’s not everyday that you find out that your History teacher has lived about as long as our American History books.” Now he had a full blown grin spread across his rugged features again.
Sarah truly and easily laughed at that.
Looking concerned he stated “It has been a very long day and I can tell that you have had another and recent painful headache.” “He caught that too?” She thought to herself. At that same moment he spoke as if he was reading her mind. “Yes, I saw you get a headache right after you looked at me. It felt weird, like you were scratching my brain and looking through me at the same time.”
“Do you ever miss any details?” He simply smiled wryly. Sarah sighed saying “Well Connor, I can’t tell you about that…Yet. It is a rather personal subject of mine.” After that her heart beat like a humming bird’s wings. She felt elated, at least in a way, to even consider telling him about more of her secret.
Changing subject Connor calmly said “Ok Sarah. Now get some rest, I’ll be up anyway so I will keep a look out for any dangers.”
“Ok Connor. Thank you and goodnight.” Sarah was actually tired and her throbbing headache and pain behind her eyes weren’t helping matters. As she tried to find a spot to lie down Sarah heard Connor let out a deep sigh and she looked at him again, he stood up.
“What is it?” She became alarmed again.
“I cannot let you put your head on the cold and wet ground to sleep Sarah. It is just too uncomfortable out here to sleep normally.”
As she said “That’s alright Connor. I can manage.” he started walking over to Sarah’s side and sat directly next to her right thigh. He then crossed his large legs. The heat and scent he gave off were so calming and pleasant. “Wait… why is he so warm?” “Connor, aren’t you cold?”
“Nah, the rain has never bothered me.”
Instinctively, she leaned into him and the warmth. The very moment they touched for the first time she felt a sudden and unexpected jolt of energy shoot right through her entire body and apparently Connor felt it in himself too. They both pulled away from the sudden shock, but neither moved from where they sat. They stared at each other for awhile until Sarah became too tired to keep her eyes open. Leaning on Connor again she felt the jolt again, but this time neither of them pulled away. He put his left arm around her and she had never felt more comfortable or as safe being in his arms.
Almost instantly, his warmth seeped into her and was so pleasant that she could scarcely believe what had happened and was transpiring at the moment.
The last thoughts that she remembered was, “Good night Connor and thank you for coming to my aid. I’m deeply grateful. It was great getting to meet you. I hope we can become close friends in the future.”





Left and Return

As Sarah, continued wearing Kara’s poncho and gently sleeping on his shoulder, Connor stared out into the quiet and rainy night. His clothes were cool and wet yet his mind weren’t on the clothes, but on this beautifully young yet ancient woman sleeping upon his shoulder. “Wow she is so pretty. She seems so frail, but she did things even I would have difficulty doing. By the way what is this shock that isn’t stopping while I hold her?” Then a strange noise caught his undivided attention and pulled him from his thoughts.
Connor scanned all around, searching their surroundings for the source of this slow and soft sound. Then he felt the gentle vibrations on his occupied shoulder and so he looked down. Sarah began sleeping soundly and so deeply that he barley realized she was snoring. “Well now isn’t her snore adorable. Hmm the last time I heard someone snoring was Kara yet hers were so very annoying and more than a touch disturbing. I put a stop to that instantly by putting my old hiking socks in her mouth. Since then, Kara hasn’t snored once.” Connor smiled to himself at remembering that day. “Well I adore your snore Sarah and I’ll never put a gag in your mouth.”
“Isn’t this something unprecedented, I’ve never had thoughts about anyone like you before Sarah and we have only just met this day. I’m just glad she doesn’t look at me as a freak as others do.” His thoughts remained on only one subject: Sarah.
A few hours later the clouds ended their liquid barrage and cleared, and he was right there was a full moon tonight. Its soft pale glow brightened the surroundings and reflected off her flawless features and ethereal beauty. “I wonder what others will think of Sarah and I? ...Yeah right, like that will ever happen… Dream on Connor! She’s at least three hundred!!! And I’m nineteen…”

Later the sky began to brighten and Connor knew that dawn will be approaching in about an hour. “Well I’d better wake up my princess…Wait when did she become mine”? Somewhere in the back of his mind, the possessive part answered “When you decided to protect her even more fiercely than Kara…” “Oh well.” he said quietly
Pulling Sarah closer to himself he put his lips close to her ear and whispered “Sun’s almost up, Princess. It’s time to wake up.” The closeness to her stirred his raging heartbeat and he felt the radiating warmth of her skin upon his lips. And her scent became even more intoxicating up close.
As she turned her head to his voice she opened her eyes to find Connor’s face just an inch away. Her fluttering eyes shot wide open, but to his surprise she didn’t lean away from their closeness. In fact she seemed comfortable. As he continued to stare into those deep and beautiful green eyes, one thought kept repeating in his mind. “Kiss her. Kiss her. Kiss her…”
The breeze shifted bringing the smell of wild apples. “Yes, I had better get Sarah something to eat. She must be a little famished.” He thought quickly. He regretfully pulled his head away from hers saying “Are you hungry? I smell apples. I’ll go get us some breakfast.”
“Ok I’ll be right here.” She said quietly, not once looking away.
Connor got up, took a few steps over from where he sat earlier and slid Tool back into his belt loop. As he left the small clearing he felt Sarah staring at him

***

“What a great dream…” “Sun’s almost up Princess, time to wake up.” “Why? I’m so happy right here. Just a little longer, please… Oh what a deep and sexy voice… Connor?”
At that moment Sarah slowly turned her head to the sound of his voice and her eyes shot open, finding Connor’s handsome features just inches from her own. She stop dead in her tracks and held herself completely still. “Don’t move Sarah.” She told herself wildly. “Wow! I can’t look away from those soul piercing hazel eyes.” Another part of her told him, “Kiss me. Kiss me. Kiss me…” All the while he held her Sarah’s heart kept beating faster and faster. This was the best wake up of her existence. Only she hoped he couldn’t hear her heart beating.
Feeing a soft breeze chill the cold plastic on her back Connor pulled away from her very slowly. “No! Don’t go.” He tilted his head up and sniffed the air for something. She did as well, but couldn’t detect anything except the fresh smell after a good rain. He spoke quickly in embarrassment “Are you hungry? I smell apples. I go get us some breakfast.”
“No. Don’t go. Stay here with me.” Instead iv voicing that plea she heard herself say “Ok I’ll be right here.”
Connor stood up, taking his warmth with him, but his musky male scent lingered and she enjoyed it. He picked up Tool his hammer/hatchet thing and Sarah watch him disappear into the dark forest. His walk was so silent that if she wasn’t watching him leave, she would swear he didn’t exist. He then melded into the forest like the shadows and Connor were one again.
Thinking back to when their faces were so close, her face flushed so brightly that the tips of her ears burned hotter than ever. “Wait! Did I really want Connor to kiss me?” In the back of her mind she heard a voice demand “YES!”
Sarah realized in the short time of being alone that she still wore the poncho that Connor loaned, yet the rain was long gone and the sun brought the dawn again. “Not only is he sweet; he thought ahead to keep me dry and warm…” She slid the poncho over her head and sat it aside after folding it back up and knocking out much of the rain.
“Now it is my turn to be patient and wait on Connor, after all he took time out of his life to see that I was ok.”

***

“Alright time to go back to Sarah. Six apples should be enough to satisfy us for a little while.” Stepping back into the small clearing Connor stopped dead in his tracks. Sarah just sat there, comfortable yet alert, like a regal queen.
When she finally realized he returned she said in a sly way “Finally! You're back, Connor. I’m hungry, how many did you bring?”
“Six.” He said, still mesmerized by her beauty and lovely smile.
Connor sat down in front of her and handed over three apples. She bit into the apple and groaned with pleasure. Apparently she was quite hungry. She ate the other two that were given in quick order. So he gave her his last one since he already finished off two.
When she finished tossing the core into the woods Connor asked “How did you sleep?”
“Very well thank you, I would have been miserable without your help… and company…last night I mean.” She smiled and glanced at him from under her long eyelashes while biting her bottom lip. This in turn, made his heart race.
“Glad to be of some help.”
When it became bright enough to travel, he looked at Sarah to ask “Ready?”
She looked around the trees and then at him. Understanding what Connor meant she said “Yep.”
Connor stood up first and held out his hand. When she took it he felt that same jolt again. It seared trough him from where they touched. He couldn’t stop himself from asking “Did you feel that too?”
“Weird huh?” And that is all she said. “She doesn’t know what it is either.”
As Connor guided her out of the forest, she asked many questions, trying to see what he knew about the outdoors. “Teacher’s right?” “Connor, why didn’t we leave when you first found me last night?”
“Because Sarah, the night can be dangerous to wonder around aimlessly in. Especially if you don’t know the area. The rain would wash away our tracks that we made, so we couldn’t backtrack. Also it was too dark to see the stars, I would have gotten both of us lost and I won’t risk your safety for anything. Finally I swore to myself that I will protect you.” Answering her question felt effortless. “I’m your protector now Sarah. Get used to it.”
Suddenly she stopped in her tracks. Connor stopped as well and turned to look at her. Sarah’s face burned bright red. “Oh no. Is she upset or embarrassed…? Well only one way to find out.”
Connor walked right up to Sarah and asked “Are you ill?” He grabbed Sarah’s shoulders gently, and pulled her closer. He leaned down and placed his lips upon her forehead.
Sarah went completely rigid. Her face somehow became even redder and warmer. And his test was: “If she goes rigid and blushes redder, she’ll be embarrassed. If I get slapped, she’s upset.” She went rigid and his lips warmed up instantaneously. Connor’s answer proved that she was embarrassed. 
He pulled away from her and said with relief “Nope. You’re not running a fever. So why are you so red then?”

***

“Let’s just keep moving.” She said in a quiet and breathless voice. He started walking again, but he became silent and had a hint of a smile tugging at the corner on his lips.
Walking with her eyes glued to the ground she started thinking. “Oh my… All I wanted to do was see if he knew why not to track back home in the dark. How does he do that to me? I feel faint…
“ Not only did he make me blush like some young maiden, but he did something I didn’t expect. He… he… he kissed me. Even if it was on my forehead I’ve never been more shocked yet thrilled that he was the one to kiss me. I don’t care if he just pretended to see if I was ill. He still kissed me, our first kiss, I cannot understand why, but even in all my years, I can’t remember being so alive.” All Sarah did from then on was smile despite the hot sensation filling her features.

***

Yes! I finally kissed her… Connor kept praising himself in his head. “Don’t fall behind or you might get lost.”
She quickened her pace and he thought she mumbled “Maybe it would be worth it…”

They continued to walk slowly together through the dense woods silently for an hour until…
SNAP...! SNAP! Came the odd sound of twigs and sticks breaking.
All the hairs on the back of Connor’s neck began to rise which meant something bad was about to happen. Danger quickly approached them, serious danger. The breaking sounds pulled him out of his thoughts, from the almost kiss with Sarah. He knew he didn’t have to do it, but was honestly glad that he took the opportunity.
Listening for the sounds of the forest Connor heard absolutely… Nothing!
No bird calls and no scurrying in the leaves from little animals, just dead silence.
“Predator?
Twigs snapping, after a rainy night… what could…?
A big predator!”
Connor turned instantly to his side from where the sound originated and grabbed Sarah, pulling her protectively behind him in the blink of an eye. Connor also yanked out Tool within that split second. Sarah gasped when he pulled her into a safer location. Separating her from the threat.
Then all sound stopped completely, even their breathing.
“There’s danger close by… No! Sarah is the one in danger!”
Sarah said quietly and playfully “What’s wrong? Are you upset over something? I forgive you for kissing me.”
When she saw Connor look at her, she knew he wasn’t playing around.
This wasn’t the time to be teasing at the moment because he could now taste the hunger of another presence close by and looking at them both.
“It Comes!” Connor announced, ready to defend her at all costs.
Not two seconds later he heard more wet twigs go SNAP! SNAP!
“It’s much closer. Bring it!”
That’s when Connor found the deadly eyes of an experienced killer.





Predator or Prey

Connor’s expression turned fierce, sharp, dangerous and focused on something. It felt frightening and some primal part of her felt a thrill of seeing a dominant male become protective over her. Still… When he looked back at her with those hunter’s eyes, she still felt truly frightened, but not from him. Sarah felt frightened from what could make Connor look so dangerous and deadly.
When Sarah heard Connor say “It Comes!” she knew he wasn’t joking or playing around anymore. The situation couldn’t be any more serious. Everything from his voice to his posture screamed DANGER!
Standing right behind Connor, Sarah noticed everything about him in an instant. He had leaned forward in a crouched position. Long, strong arms and wide muscular back were so large that she was unable to see what exactly IT is. Connor’s jaw muscles were set and flexing tightly. In his right hand stood Tool. He gripped the steel handle so tightly that his large knuckles were all ghost white and she could see the tendons and muscles bulging in the lone hand waiting to be set free. The weapon itself wasn’t very intimidating, but he sure was.
Throughout her entire life she recognized that stance and focused face anywhere, all too easily. It’s the face of a man getting ready for a battle to the death. But what would tempt fate and challenge such a large man?
Sarah then heard a twig or branch snapping. Gathering all of the courage she could muster, she sidestepped to the left just enough to see around Connor’s enormous shoulder. She wanted to see what put Connor on high alert.
Not even twenty five yards away crouched a massive Cougar. A full grown, sleek and hungry Mountain Lion at that. It has short golden fur and a long slender body designed to chase and kill. Its body pressed low to the ground and hung in a crouched position. The shoulder muscles were bunched up, ready to pounce or chase his prey and its legs were slightly out to its side for maintaining balance. The paws of the big cat were just as menacing because the claws were extended. Its long tail twitched side to side in anticipation of its next large meal. What froze Sarah like a stone carving, were its eyes. It had sharp, golden, piercing eyes that said only one thing, ‘Breakfast!’
The Cougar roared, trying to make its prey run.
Well, it worked on her.
Sarah screamed in terror and stepped back involuntarily.
In the next instant Connor’s left hand reached back and grabbed her shoulder firmly, to hold her still. His large and firm grasp kept her from tripping and falling backwards. Shocked, Sarah looked up at him to notice that the only thing that moved on him had been his left hand. Everything else about him stayed in the exact same battle ready stance. Especially his eyes, they didn’t even leave the terrifying hunter for a moment, as if the roar didn’t affect him at all.
Quietly and evenly he spoke “Don’t run, he wants to attack you with your back turned to him. So he can more easily get to your pretty little throat.”
In all her years, she should already know that by now, but Sarah still felt scared witless from this hungry predator. Her adrenaline began pumping through her veins, telling her to run for it, yet Connor knew instinctively what not to do. She needed to stay calm and trust in Connor’s skills if she wanted to survive.
Not a moment later the massive feline lunged.
Connor didn’t hesitate in his attack either.
As the Cougar jumped in the air, fangs bared and claws out, aiming for Connor’s throat. Connor brought Tool in a blurred arch around to meet the airborne cat, using the hammer side of his weapon.
With all of the massive strength contained within his enormous frame, Connor connected first with the cat’s skull. With a sickening, bone splitting crunch that streaked through the area, the Cougar went instantly limp in the air. Unfortunately since Connor and the golden creature both charged at each other with their full weight behind them, they crashed into each other with a loud and audible thud.
Both Connor and the great cat crumpled to the ground together. The twitching cougar landed on top of Connor. Neither moved and that frightened Sarah even more. She didn’t want him to be hurt, but what she just witnessed…
“CONNOR!!!” Sarah yelled and ran over to him as quickly as she could because she had fallen down when Connor released her shoulder to confront the feline. She forcibly tried pushing the heavy Cougar off of him with all of the strength she had, to see if Connor was injured and hoped he still lived.
Feeling the weight of the Cougar getting lighter Connor said “I’m glad that’s over. At least he wasn’t a pack animal like wolves or wild dogs. I’m not sure I could have fended off more than one and protected you simultaneously…”
A very beautiful face, full of concern began looking down upon him, filling his whole vision with Sarah. “Oh thank goodness. Connor, are you alright?” Sarah could barley suppressing her tears, blinking quickly to keep them at bay. It made her emerald irises shine that much more.
Trying to alleviate her sadness and fear, he chuckled and smiled. “So you forgive me for kissing your forehead huh? And here I thought you were one to hold grudges for a long time…”
Sarah just couldn’t hold her tears any longer. Streams fell from her eyes and caressed down her cheeks until they dripped off her chin. “You fool, you lucky fool. You could have been killed.” Still crying, she went on “I have never seen anyone survive such an attack like that without a rifle or bow. Your something else, you know that…” She somehow stopped crying and turned serious. “I need to check and see if you are wounded. It landed on you. That was a quick, but powerful fight…”
Connor, still laying on his back in the damp grass, watched as Sarah reached for the bottom of his shirt and he quickly managed to grab her hand to stop her from lifting the cloth up any further.
Connor said very quickly and clearly “No, No, No, No, No. I’m alright Sarah; I’m not hurt at all.” Now his voice turned calm and controlled. “Sarah, you have your secrets and so do I. Please do not lift up my shirt. You need to respect my only wish.” Sarah knelt at his left side while he still held her hand.
“Ok, Connor.” She said quietly and he released her hand. She then put her hands together and sat them in her lap. She waited patiently for him to elaborate just a little bit more because she had already given away a portion of her secret, at least a piece anyway.
“It’s just that I really do not want to drive you away so soon. I have never felt so very connected to someone like you before and I really don’t want to lose that so soon.” She nodded, satisfied for the moment.
She restated his thought. “I understand completely because I feel the exact same way about you…” Her words struck Connor speechless and joyful at the same time. “She really feels the same? I’ve never felt more relieved.” His heart seconded the thought by beating ferociously and happily.
Not even the skirmish with the cougar made his heart sound and beat like this. Connor then had another thought “Either I am in love or that Sarah is even more dangerous than the cougar… Ha why can’t it be both? That will be more fun and a bigger challenge. I’m not sure I can win… hahahahaha…”
Sarah’s mask of concern etched itself upon her delicate features again, so Connor said something even he didn’t even expect to say. “Well this has been one crazy first date huh?”
First her face turned shocked then melted into a blush and a shy smile. She bit her lip and looked down at her hands and wrung them a few times together before saying “Yes it is.” After a few more moments she explained “Connor you cannot tell anyone…”
He jumped in before she could continue her speech. “Listen Sarah, I will keep your secrets to myself, as long as you do the same for me. Your secrets are your own anyway. I wouldn’t be much of a friend if I went around and told everyone another’s secret. Ok, so don’t worry?”
“If someone asks about last night?” She prompted, lifting her head to look at him with concern pleading within her green eyes. There wasn’t a single part of Connor that could deny Sarah of anything she wanted.
“I’ll simply say ‘I got worried that my new neighbor was lost in the woods and I tracked her down and made sure she was safe. We decided to wait until morning and I brought her back without difficulty’.” She nodded deciding that was a good and easy story to stick with.
“And the Cougar?” Her eyes looked over at the motionless cat.
“What Cougar?” Connor grinned meaningfully. “Are you calling yourself that now? You’re definitely the older woman.”
Sarah burst into a calm laughter as she tried to stand up. Instead she slipped on the wet grass and fell directly on top of Connor.
As she laid on top of Connor they both stared at each other in shocked surprise. He noticed how very light she was. They were thigh to thigh, belly to belly and breast to chest. Most importantly their faces were even closer than when she woke up this morning. She had a very pleasant smell on her; strawberries and apples. It was a faint smell, but it seductive nonetheless.
As their faces were so close, they shared each other’s breath and it sent Connor’s senses reeling. She was the perfect size for him. A compliment to his size. Her long and luscious hair fell over her back and on to his chest and neck. Their hand found each other and they instinctively laced themselves together. They were just moments from kissing each other when he felt something in his hands getting wetter.
Connor pulled both of their entwined hands up to his face to see liquid crimson. With regret he pulled his face away from Sarah’s and noticed by looking down that her hands were dripping with blood.
“Sarah, you’re bleeding!” To his horror he grabbed her other hand and it too had been soaked red. Worry shot through him. “What happened? Did I hurt you? Did the cat do it?”
Coming out of her own daze she said “Relax…relax Connor. When the Cougar growled and I tried to flee, you grabbed me and you were also keeping me from falling. When the Cougar and you charged each other, I fell and scraped my hands. That’s all, don’t worry about it.” She said with a sly smile, plus she was still laying on top of him, enjoying the experience.
He did not smile back in the least. What Connor did next was grab her soft and very womanly hips with both of his hands and effortlessly picked her up. She felt lighter than he first thought or it was the adrenaline making her seem so. She squealed softly, as he sat her down. He sat up and reiterated “I am your protector!” As Connor stood up Sarah didn’t adjust anything in her sitting position, but her face and beautiful green eyes followed his movement. Saying as sweetly as possible he said “Please stay here Sarah. There are a few things that I need to attend to. Will you wait right here for me?”
“I think I can handle waiting for my trusty protector to return to me.” She said it in honesty which truly brightened his dark mood. “I love your smile Sarah, don’t ever stop smiling.”
“Thank you, Princess.” At that endearment she blushed again.
Connor walked over to the dead Cougar and laid him over his shoulder, he weighed well over two hundred pounds. He also picked up gore stained Tool and slid it into the belt loop. Sarah’s and his eyes connected again. As Connor left he saw her eyes twinkling. “What did that mean?”

***

“Connor called me…Princess? Sarah means Princess, but is that a coincidence or his own pet name for girls he likes? I have always hated endearments and pet names for as long as I can remember. Except for some reason I love it coming from him. Am I in love? Infatuated, most definitely.” He walked away carrying the deceased cougar like a sack of potatoes when their eyes met again.
As he walked away he melted back into the forest again. He was walking away like the added weight from the mature cat didn’t bother him, it probably didn’t judging from the build of his large body.
What was a major surprise to Sarah when she fell was that his body was beyond solid. She figured he was heavyset, chunky to be wearing all those baggy clothes, but in reality he was layered in solid, iron muscle. She couldn’t stop thinking about them when she was laying on his large and hard body. “Wow! I have never felt so very sexy and womanly before… We were so close moments ago and I almost kissed him. Blasted bloody hands… Why did you get in my way?
“Even if we only met yesterday, I knew his eyes said that I’m beautiful even if I am nothing, but plain… Oh well, all I can do is wait till my Knight returns. It’s the very least I can do for causing Connor so much trouble.
“I’m waiting, come back as soon as you can Connor.”





Nature and Animals

With the dead weight of the mountain lion draped over his shoulder, Connor needed to find a final resting place to bury this great fallen warrior. All warriors who meet their end in honest combat need a proper burial, even predators. They only do what comes naturally and instinctively so Connor couldn’t begrudge such compassionate needs. In fact he felt a closeness with such creatures. That’s what they are designed for, to hunt and carve out their lives by will alone. Connor would want the same respect given to himself should he fall, no more and no less. Still he needed to find a place and not take too long. The smell of blood would bring in more predators for sure.
As he came across a large natural depression in the ground, that was just the right size for the great cat, Connor gently laid him down into the moist recess. With only the use of his hands, dirt and stone easily moved to cover the cougar, a few yards away wild flowers were blooming since winter’s snow had finally melted away. Connor unearthed a small bundle of the vibrant vegetation, buried it atop the mound as a small memorial to show the task completed and honor had been properly given.
Getting up from the ground, Connor closed his eyes and focused his hearing to listen out for any nearby running water. There are a lot of nearby streams around the area luckily and especially after last night’s heavy rain storm. The sounds of a slow and decent trickle of water ran nearly two dozen yards away, hidden behind some ferns. He walked over to the flowing stream. Firstly he washed the blood off of Tool and then he washed the dirt and blood off of himself as well. The last thing he needed is for his mom or Kara to freak out by seeing blood.
Now clean, Connor stood and looked for raw materials to clean Sarah’s wounds. A small piece of bark lay near the trunk of a tree that seemed capable of holding a little water, shaped like a natural shallow bowl. He picked it up and filled it with the clean and clear running water. Connor could only hope the water didn’t hold any parasites. Now a good antiseptic needed to be found just incase.
Searching for the right plant or herb can be quite daunting and dangerous if one doesn’t know where or what specifically to look out for. The worst thing to do in the outdoors is use or eat anything that you don’t know about. Being raised in the outdoors, Connor learned quite a bit about medicinal herbs from his grandfather’s survival lessons. Many times he had to treat his own wounds from careless mistakes. In about five minutes he found the exact plant he was looking for and would serve the desired purpose.
The shrub like herb barely reached up to his hips. It is a long stemmed plant that has tear shaped leaves and they have a glossy green color. Connor snapped off a few healthy leaves and stuffed them into his pocket, careful not to break them just yet. “Let’s see if Sarah knows what this is.” He said to wryly to himself and snickered. “She probably will, being three hundred years old and all. I’ll still see if she knows.”
He picked up the container of water and headed back to where he left Sarah.

***

While Sarah continued sitting in the damp grass she examined her hands. “Well the cuts really aren’t too bad… At least the bleeding stopped. I just hope it doesn’t get infected.” Her nose wrinkled.
It took nearly an hour before Connor finally returned carrying a small piece of wood filled with water. “I’m back, Princess. How are you feeling?” His voice of heartfelt concern and relief was evident and made her suddenly feel better.
With a shy smile Sarah replied “It’s not every day that you are protected and saved from a hungry and wild animal. I should thank the big cat.”
Connor’s laughter sent her heart beating wildly yet again. “It’s not every day I get to rescue any beautiful maidens.”
Sarah face flared with heat and she knew immediately that he made her blush yet again. Trying to change the subject she asked “What did you do with the uh…cat?”
“Gave him a proper burial, as best as I could manage under the circumstances.” Connor said remorsefully while his unique hazel eyes spoke of compassion. It was a rare glimpse of a person’s true character and one she looked for constantly.
“Interesting, he doesn’t want or like to kill, but he will not hesitate when there is need. That’s how every man should be.” “Good.” Sarah said, breaking the silence that lingered between them. She then noticed that he held a cup of water in his hand. “Connor, I am a little thirsty. May I have some of that water?”
“I’m sorry Princess, but this water is for me to clean your wounds, not to be drunk.” He said while walking towards her. He stopped in front of her and shoved his hands into his black jeans pocket. He pulled out some green leaves which Sarah recognized instantly.
“Sage!” She announced, sounding astonished. Connor smiled a smile like she passed his test. To further prove her knowledge she explained. “This will help keep my hands from getting infected. Good job, Connor. I didn’t think of using that. I didn’t even know if any grew around this area.” He still smiled calmly when he slowly sat down right in front of her. “I can’t believe how talented Connor is at finding a medicinal herb so quickly… let alone how attracted to him I am… no stop that, he’s just a child… well not exactly. He’s already proven himself a capable man already. Few grown men could do what he did.”
Breaking her chain of thought he grabbed her hands gently and turned Sarah’s palms up. Sharp eyes scanned the scrapes with obvious training in medicine. “This will not be pleasant Sarah, but I have to clean and open up these wounds again.” He said remorsefully and his tense expression matched. But what she noticed the most were just how large his hands were. They were the hands of a person used to physical labor.
Pouring a little of the cool water over Sarah’s palms felt very pleasant until she felt his calloused thumbs. Sarah could tell he was going as quickly as possible so as to not prolong her pain while not being overly forceful either. She kept her eyes shut tight to keep from wincing and locked her jaw. She made a slight, pained whimper which made him work more quickly. After a minute, the torture ended and he finished cleaning out the wound. He poured the last of the water over both of her hands to show the blood flowed free and all dirt had been dug out. “Well that wasn’t too bad.” Sarah said, forcing a smile.
Connor didn’t smile, but said instead “As old as you are, you know that was the easiest part. This Sage stings just as much, if not more.” He placed the Sage leaves into the piece of wood that held the water. He pulled Tool out and she noticed that it too had been cleaned. Using the hammer side to crunch and grind the leaves into a paste, the little bit of water residue helped congeal the Sage into the right texture that it needed to be. It makes it more effective and easier to apply. At the exact time she knew it to be ready Connor said “It’s finished. May I take your hand?”
Sarah took his question the wrong way. Her face burned even hotter and brighter than ever before and all she barley could get out was “We have only known each other for a day, Connor!”
He stared at Sarah with a questioning look until he caught onto her train of thought. He let out a strong masculine laugh that gave her stomach butterflies. Sarah’s body was getting out of control from being so near him. When he was able to speak again he said “Sarah, I don’t know about that yet. We really have only known each other for a full day. I definitely have feelings for you, but this is all new for me. I have never felt this way about anyone like this before. It’s all so confusing.”
“I’m ancient and for the first time in my long life, I too haven’t felt this way about anyone before now either. I am just as, if not more confused than you are.” Sarah said in all complete honesty.
“Well let’s just see how things go from here on in.” He said, being honest himself too. He took his index and middle finger and dipped it into the Sage paste. He applied it gently to the wounds on both of her hands.
When the stinging finally ebbed from her own endorphins, Sarah asked him very seriously. “What do we tell people about…us?”
Connor answered with a bone melting smile “We can say that I found you in the woods and brought you back safely. For your scraped hands you may say ‘I tripped on a tree root and scrapped them trying to brace myself from a fall.’ As for us, we tell others that we became good friend. In private we can do whatever we want.” He then added with a grin and a twinkle in his eye, “I won’t tell anyone about your age if you don’t tell anyone that I took on a full grown Cougar and killed it.”
“Will you quit calling me that? Cougar, there must be a better name…” and Sarah gave a wicked smile of her own.
Connor stood up, towering over here and held his hand out and she took it. He helped her stand and get her bearings. They started walking again and Sarah did something completely out of her usual comfort zone.
He currently walked on her left side and led her from about a half stride ahead. “This is reckless, but I really want to do this for some reason.” Sarah bit her bottom lip, stepped closer and encircled her left arm through his right. She felt his well defined muscles under the long black sleeves and became more astounded by their sculpted complexity and flawless structure. He was even more built than she could have ever imagined in a human these days. Connor didn’t flinch or shy away from the impulsive act. The only change came from his stride and it just slowed down to match hers. He looked down at her as Sarah looked up into those gorgeous hazel eyes and asked “Is this alright?”
“I’m not complaining am I?” And she figured out what his smile meant. It was a smile for her alone. “My smile?” Her butterflies took off flying again.
“So where did you come from? Not originally. I mean before you came to live out here.” Sarah thought he just wanted a conversation to get his mind off certain things. Probably the fact that she intentionally pressed her small, perky breasts against his arm forced the subject change.
“I moved here from Washington, just about two hours outside of Seattle. It looks almost like it does out here. It was a pretty place with a thick forest teeming with wildlife and it was peaceful. I have always loved and respected nature.”
“As do I. Everything returns to nature eventually. You cannot take from nature without her getting something in return. Anything we take also gets taken from us, to a degree.” He turned his eyes on her seriously. “One way or another!” He stared straight again. “That’s why we must work with nature, not against.” Staring straight ahead they continued walking.
“You think the same way I do.” And that was the truth.

***

When Connor knew that the clearing to her house laid just up ahead, he stopped walking and looked down into those captivating green eyes. “Were back, Sarah.” She still had her arm wrapped around his and after a minute of contemplating she let go, but her eyes never left his. For a brief moment they were in a private world. Eventually they broke eye contact and hungered to reconnect. They walked silently through the brush and into the bright clearing till he stopped suddenly.
“Dang! I forgot!” He said a little too loudly and she jumped.
“What’s wrong, Connor?” She asked with genuine concern.
“I was supposed to go camping with my grandfather this weekend. That’s his truck.” In the driveway of his house were three vehicles, a silver Honda that belongs to Jenny, a brown jeep which is Mark’s and a red pick-up truck which belongs to his grandfather. Connor turned to look at his beautiful companion. “Sarah, Kara and the others will be worried about you. I know my sister has told everyone what she saw by now. She isn’t the patient kind of person. When you’re done with your father, will you come over to my house and show them that you’re ok? It will ease their concerns.” He looked up into the trees to think. Once a decision became clear he said “Better yet, how about I stay here and wait for you.”
“I think that would be for the best. I have to give you something in return for saving me and bringing me back home safely.” She started blushing again for some reason. Whatever she thought had allowed him to enjoy her expression. He liked knowing that he was capable of doing that.
“I do not need anything, but I will be right here. I’ll see you soon.” Connor sighed as she turned to leave. Her beautifully long hair billowed out in the breeze. The breeze engulfed him in her scent and his body reacted in a way that didn’t want her to leave his side ever again. And the way she moved as she walked will forever be firmly fixed into his mind.
The sway of her curvaceous hips became almost hypnotic and intoxicating because it was beyond impossible to look away from such perfection.





Friends and Family

As Sarah briskly walked away from Connor and through the high grass she had a sudden thought. “Maybe Mother might know why I am having these weird sensations when I am with or even think of Connor…and why I was unable to read his mind.” She turned around and asked him a quick question because he still stood within hearing range. It took a moment to spot him because he blended so well with the trees that it frightened her. “I have to make a phone call, I’ll need about fifteen to twenty minutes of personal time. Is that alright?”
He nodded saying “I’ll be waiting right here, Princess.” And those simple words sent her heart into another marathon. “Endearments annoy me to the point I’m uncomfortable, but when he says them… I really hope that I don’t get a heart attack. I’ll never tell him that it would be worth it just to stay by his side and hear more.” She smiled while turning back to her house.
The outside walls of the Branderson’s log cabin desperately needed to be repainted, grass needed to be cut and the weeds pulled out of the flowerbed. The grass had grown wildly from years of neglect, but at least it remained green and healthy instead of a dead looking brown. She saw the darkness of her northern bedroom window and realized the curtains were still open. “If Connor could see so well in the dark and track me down he’d surely be able to see into my room.” That thought made her flush in embarrassment and the tips of her ears burned.
As she walked across the field she realized that her feet were caked in nearly a pound of mud. Sarah went over to the water hose by the backside of the cabin and rinsed off her dirty feet. Upon entering the back door of her home, she noticed that her father stayed fast asleep on the sofa. Lucky for her he’s a heavy sleeper and it takes a lot to wake him up, especially after drinking so much. She heard him talking in his sleep as she walked right by. “Jillian… come home… miss you so much.” And he shifted his seating arrangement to lie on his side, not even noticing or acknowledging her presence.
She stepped into the bathroom and removed every article of her dirty clothes. Hot streams from the showerhead pulled the aches from the muscles and joints while she freshened up. Stepping out of the shower she wrapped a towel around her middle and quietly entered into her room. Before she even considered turning on the light, she closed the curtains for some modesty. A clean bra became the first article to be equipped and her favorite lacy black panties came next, followed by a tight grey t-shirt and snug blue jeans. She began brushing her damp hair as she walked over to the phone, which laid on the nightstand. Sarah took several deep breaths before dialing the familiar number of her old house.
It rang four times before being answered by a familiar chirpy voice. “Branderson residence, this is Jillian speaking!”
“Hello Mother.” She said casually and evenly.
“Sarah! Sarah, what’s wrong?” She turned to an anxious tone.
“Nothing is wrong, Mother. I just needed to ask you something.” Feigning boredom wasn’t an easy task from the way she truly felt at the moment.
“Go ahead, Sweetheart.” Jillian knew Sarah hated nicknames and endearments. She was just trying to goad her into anger. It didn’t work because she had other things upon her mind.
“When you first met Father and chose him as your mate. How did you know he was the right man for you?” Sarah now suddenly felt curious about their relationship for the first time in decades.
“It has been a very long time since you have asked that question.” After a short pause she said “Hmm… Well honestly I could never take my eyes off of him, especially when he wasn’t looking. When he spoke, I hung onto his every word. As he walked with me I noticed every movement in his steps and even when the wind caught his quicksilver hair.” She had unmistakable awe and desire coating her voice, even after so many centuries. “Even now just remembering the first time we met seven hundred years ago, he still makes me tingle everywhere and gives me goose bumps all over my body. And when we do touch it feels like a lightning strike in all the right places if you know what I mean.”
“Wow… Mother, that sounds so very romantic.” Sarah said in little too perky of tone, still not taking her mother’s innuendos seriously.
“Ok Sarah, now tell me, how Jack is doing? He doesn’t feel happy at the moment. He’s asleep, but it feels as if he’s in pain…” She sounded a little worried.
After a minute of carefully choosing her words Sarah came up with, “Mother, you know how Father gets when you aren’t near. It isn’t a pretty sight at the moment. He’s drinking heavily to keep himself occupied and not think about anything with clarity. Plus you already know his emotional climate better than anyone else or you wouldn’t have asked.”
“I’m sorry Sarah. I will be done here in about a month and I will see you soon.” She said in a sincere apology. “Hang in there. You know he isn’t always this way.”
“Ok, Mother I have to go, I have school papers to grade and more forms to fill out.” Sarah said just to leave and meet Connor as soon as possible.
“Oh by the way, Sarah,” Jillian put in just before she could hang up “I cannot wait to meet this boy who has gotten you so very hot and bothered.”
“It’s no use hiding it from her now.” Her mother can always tell a liar from a mile away. “Mother, how…?” Sarah practically yelled into the receiver and stopped before she could wake her father.
“Sarah, you’re three hundred years old and still lacking compared to my level of experience.” At that Jillian hung up the phone while laughing. Sarah stared openly at the speaker for nearly a minute before finally hanging it up. The last sound her mother made before hanging up was an unsettling laugh that Sarah was unable to shake from the echo in her mind.
It sounded like an ominous witch’s cackle.
“Crap, well it’s no use denying it now.” She said quietly to herself. Sarah got up and put on a clean pair of socks and slid into a pair of nearby sneakers from one of the dozen cardboard boxes she hadn’t had the time to unpack yet.

Quietly she left the house while making sure her father remained asleep. She made her way back across the field and saw that Connor remained standing in the shadows. This time she was unable to see him until he moved forward to meet her. It still seemed strange seeing how he could become practically one with his surroundings, almost like a chameleon. She suspected that if he wanted to he could be stepping on her foot and she wouldn’t be able to see him if he didn’t want her to.
“Welcome back, Princess.” He said while smiling her smile on his perfect lips. “Hot and bothered was right.” At that thought she tingled and goose bumps rose all over her body. “Great, Mother you just had to give my body another idea.”
They walked side by side towards Connor’s house. He reached over and squeezed her shoulder gently while saying “Don’t worry about anything, they will love you at just a glance. Just beware of my sister.”
She looked over at Connor’s house to see it in a new light. The building had been painted a semi-gloss white. At a window near the front door she saw movement as a red blind in the window snapped back together and not two seconds later she heard a girl shout inside the house “Brother’s back! Brother’s back!” A short girl about Sarah’s height came charging out of the house. She wore a pink and white stripped shirt along with beige pants. She came running outside barefoot, looking very excited and relieved. She seemed about seventeen or eighteen years old with the same sandy blonde color hair, but her hair was cut shoulder length unlike Connor’s shaggy style. Her eyes were not Connor’s piercing hazel, but a deep and rich chocolate brown.
Sarah looked at Connor questionably “Brother?”
“It’s one of Kara’s habits that she’s never grown out of ever since she was a toddler.” He explained kindly.
The little girl “Kara”, she said under her breath trying to remember the girl’s name, jumped into the air trying to tackle her big brother, but he stood casually and caught her in his arms while giving her a midair hug.
As he let her down, she squeaked while turning to Sarah. She had a warm and welcoming smile. “I’m so glad Brother was able to find you. We were so worried that you were injured or something. You’re actually pretty hot in that outfit. And your eyes. I’ve never seen such green eyes and you’re not being a redhead.” Then she ran into Sarah giving her a hug as well, she pulled away quickly saying “Hi! I’m Kara.”
Her energetic nature felt rejuvenating. “Hello Kara. I’m Sarah, your new neighbor.”
Kara beamed with pride and seemed obviously pleased, and suddenly hugged her yet again.
Behind Kara stood three more people near the front door of Connor’s house. As Kara released her hug, they all started walking in their direction. An older looking gentleman with a fit physique and a dark tan walked up and spoke first. He wore leather ranch boots with black pants and a blue and white checkered shirt. His hair color stated mostly white with a few brown strands mixed in and his eyes were a faded blue full of mischief. “I’m David May, but everyone calls me Granddaddy.”
They shook hands and he immediately noticed the abrasions on her palms. He looked at Connor while still holding her hand gently. “Looks like you fixed her up alright... I know your handiwork anywhere, Son. What did you use to clean her hand?” “So he quizzes and teaches Connor, no wonder he is so good…”
“Sage.” He said instantly and evenly.
David let go of her hand and slapped Connor on the back approvingly. “Good boy, keep using your head, that’s why it’s on your shoulders and not on your rear.” David turned back to Sarah and showed an innocent face that wasn’t quite so innocent to ask. “So Sarah, how did you like spending the night with my grandson?”
Her answer was looking down at her suddenly interesting shoe strings and blushing brightly, like a red neon sign.
“Daddy! Don’t ever ask a lady that kind of a question. How old are you?” The chastising came from the other woman. She was a beautiful middle aged woman, Sarah assumed to be Connor’s mother. But something was somehow off.
“Mentally or physically?” Returned the riley old man.
“I’m sorry dear, don’t mind him he’s usually harmless. The other part is when my mother has him.” She shook Sarah’s hand carefully, knowing about the injured palms. “I’m Jenny, Connor’s mother.” She gave one of the warmest and welcoming smiles Sarah has ever seen before. “Sarah, is it? Was Connor able to make it to you before it rained last night?” Concern etched on her features.
Jenny stood a head taller than herself, but still a head and a half shorter than her towering son. Jenny’s build claimed itself of about average size with hair as long as Kara’s, but leaned lighter towards golden blonde than her children’s sandy blonde hair. She had on sandals and sweat pants along with a sleeveless dark blue blouse.
“Yes, he made it before it rained. He took really great care of me.”
“I’ll bet he did. Brother can track down anything.” Kara added proudly.
“Ms. Sarah? I didn’t know it was you out there, but you could not have been in better hands.” Said a boy from history class... “Matt, no it’s Mark…”
“I know that from experience, Mark. Thank you.” She said in full agreement.
“Ha… even if a tiger crossed your path you would have nothing to worry about with my buddy Connor looking out for you.” Mark smacked Connor’s back in a playful manor. At that they both glanced at each other, Connor stifled a laugh while Sarah couldn’t hold back a small giggle. “Wrong feline, Mark.”
The others looked at them in confusion, but they couldn’t and wouldn’t explain.
In the silence that Jenny broke she asked “Sarah, did Connor find anything wild for you guy’s to eat?”
“Yes. He scrounged up some wild apples.”
An almost annoyed look crossed Jenny’s face as she looked at Sarah. “That’s nowhere near good enough. Everyone come inside for a real meal! I’ll make some food for everyone. First though… Connor you go wash up, you’re filthy.” Everyone obeyed except Mark.
“Sorry Ms. May, but I have to get to work by three. You know I have to work at the diner, late shift again. Gerry cannot run the business all by himself.” Mark explained with a moderate sigh.
Waving goodbye, Jenny said “Ok. Thanks Sweetie for watching over Kara until I got home. It was a big help to me.”
“Any time!” He said with a smile and began walking towards his jeep.
“Mark! Hold on a minute Bud.” Connor called to his friend.
“Yeah? What do you need?”
Connor bound up to him and said “To say thank you myself.” Connor balled up his right fist and Mark did the same. They punched each other’s fist in a playful display of friendship. “I owe you one.”
“No way, Connor! Let’s call it even from you carrying me that one time.” Mark said adamantly while smiling at his tall comrade.
“Done!” He said while wearing a different smile that wasn’t Sarah’s, she began wondering just how many sides this young man has.
As Mark drove off in his jeep, Sarah just noticed that everyone had already went inside the house except Connor and herself. She could not help but ask “You carried him?”
“You caught that...? Well a few years back, when Mark first moved into town and I was thirteen, he found out that I went out camping practically every weekend and he wanted to try it out for himself. He asked my granddaddy for permission to tag along and got it. We both went camping with Granddaddy up around where I found you, but just a little further north, by my recollection. On the way up to our destination Mark sprained his ankle, quite painfully, even though I didn’t know how or where he could have sprained it. The ground we traversed seemed flat though… I carried him back here to my house, on my back, because I didn’t want him to walk at all. It began bruising quite quickly, so I carried him all the way here so it wouldn’t get any worse.” He said calmly.
“How far did you carry him?” curiosity kicking in
“Oh I’d say… just over ten miles.” Connor shrugged apparently remembering carrying his friend over such a distance and not phasing him.
Her thoughts went wild at that. “Wow! What a man. No better yet My Man!… Ten miles of that terrain…what is he made of? Steel? Carbide? Titanium? ...Wow!”
“Brother? Sarah? Get in here!” Kara yelled from the doorway with a wry smile chiseled on her lips. Her brown eyes kept scanning between them strangely.
Connor walked over to the garage and put Tool away on a wooden bench. He came back to her and they entered his house together.
Once inside she kept getting more astonished by this family. “How beautiful.”
Sarah came into the living room first and found everything quite exquisite. It wasn’t extravagant by any means, but it was very tasteful. The walls were a dark hunter green and on the walls were pictures and detailed paintings that took one’s breath away. Hardwood floors and no carpet floored the entire house, giving the house a natural look. In the center of the room sat a leather, three person couch and to either side of it were two recliners. In front of the sofa stood a beautifully crafted coffee table that had intricate designs of a leafy vine on its top, bending around the lip and wrapping down the legs. Off to the side of the room laid a red brick fireplace that looked like a comfortable place to sit in front of during the long winter months. They also had a nice flat-screen TV that fit properly against the wall that faced the seating arrangement.
“Connor, who painted all these pictures and made this table?” She asked in wonder of this elegant room, knowing very few items were purchased.
“Kara painted everything you see, she is quite a talented artist. On the other hand I built and crafted the coffee table and sofa. The recliners we bought.” He said brightly with a calm smile touching his lips.
“Wait a minute…you made the table and the sofa?”
“Yes, I am quite good with my hands.” He smiled her smile again.
“Let’s keep going before I faint in your arms.” And he began to move forward, like he sensed what she desired to do. “The kitchen is straight ahead.” Connor guided her into the sun colored kitchen. An oak dining table sat in the center of the kitchen. On the table were five plates, five glasses filled with water and the same number of forks and paper towels. She had to ask anyway, “Don’t tell me you made this table too?”
“He sure did.” Jenny answered as she stood over the sizzling stove, cooking up something delicious smelling. Sarah’s mouth began watering eagerly. She pointed over her head at the cupboard. “He made those too. He even made the frames to our beds along with the dressers.”
“I taught him how to woodwork as a child and he became quite adept at it.” David added with a playfully proud grin.
Connor stood behind her and knew he bent down because she could feel his warm breath caressing her ear. He spoke softly while her heart went into overdrive. “I’ll be back soon, Princess. You cleaned up for me, now I need to do the same for you.” At that he left to walk down the hall.
As she heard the bathroom door shut, another wild thought sprung to mind. “I wonder what he looks like without any clothes on…” And the mental picture sent an exciting shiver throughout her entire body, curling the toes inside her shoes.
“Sarah, what are you daydreaming about? Get in here.” Kara chirped.
“Oh, nothing. Don’t concern yourself with it, Kara.” Kara huffed, got up, walked over, grabbed Sarah’s wrist and led her to a seat. She really was impatient like he said. But Kara couldn’t take the mental image of Connor that stayed fixed in her mind, making Sarah smile all the more.

***

Stepping out of the shower Connor thought, “I wonder what Sarah looks like naked?” and that put a large, satisfactory smile on his face. He step in front of the mirror and noticed that he needed to shave. Putting some shaving cream in his hand he started lathering he began hearing his mom ask from down the hall and through the shut door. “Well Sarah, where are you from?”
In her velvety voice she replied “I’m from Washington, the state, not D.C. From a place that looks somewhat like it does around here. Lots of trees and animals, I really don’t really like big cities and my family prefers the quietness, even if they sometimes say otherwise. It gets too crowded most of the time. We like natural places and small towns.”
“So you’re used to spending time outdoors?” His grandfather questioned.
“Yes, I am. I just couldn’t help trying out these new woods. I got caught up in the beauty of this place and before I knew it I was lost.” She said shyly while lying her rear off. If Kara, who most certainly did, explain what happened, they didn’t call her out on it.
After he finished shaving and putting on another clean black long sleeve shirt and blue jeans, he stepped out of the bathroom. Connor took a quick right and dumped the dirty clothes in the laundry room. He took a quick whiff of the smell coming from the kitchen. “It smells like Mom is making grilled cheese sandwiches for everyone.”
His grandfather continued saying “That happens to the best of us.” and started laughing loudly.
Connor walked in the kitchen and saw Sarah sitting at the table. Kara sat directly across from her and when Jenny finishes cooking she will sit next to her. David sat oddly, with a funny twinkle in his eye, one seat away from Sarah. It was an obvious setup. He walked over and sat between them. Connor knew that his family did this particular seating arrangement on purpose, but the mastermind was none other than his very own grandfather. “I’m on to you, you sly old man. Well I don’t mind one bit. I’d rather sit with her anyway.”
Her green eyes twinkled even more than his grandfather’s when she finally spotted him, he smiled and she smiled back. She said in front of everyone “You clean up quite well, Connor. I hardly recognized you.” She made everyone laugh.
“Thanks. You do too.” He whispered in her ear, making her blush.
Kara bounced a conversation right in. “He looks quite handsome if he wants to. By the way I saw you at school yesterday, are you a new student?”
Sarah smiled at her as if Kara reminded her of someone. “No, no I’m not a student I’m the new American History teacher at the school.”
Astonished, Jenny jumped in saying “My word, you’re so young, you look maybe eighteen or nineteen years old!”
Apparently Sarah was ready for this accusation. “Don’t let my looks fool you. I am actually twenty two years old.” As she said this Connor looked at her out of the corner of his eye. She still looked firmly at Jenny, but she gently laid her hand on his thigh. “Ha, she is much older than she appears.”
Accepting Sarah’s answer she followed up with “A History teacher? Well that’s Connor’s worst subject. May I ask you something?”
“Sure.” Sarah said with honest interest.
“Can I ask that you tutor him? I can pay you for your services.” His mom asked hopefully, history was the only subject he wasn’t particularly good at, to those that didn’t know otherwise.
Sarah turned to look at him for a moment and her hand remained on his lap. She turned back to Jenny while she still worked at the skillet. “I’ll do it, but I’ll only do it for free since Connor rescued me. That seems like a fair trade, don’t you agree?”
Jenny sighed in relief and then began smiling. “Sarah, you’re a life saver. I mean it.”
“No I’m not, but Connor certainly is.” And at that she squeezed his thigh in appreciation. And he couldn’t help but smile.
Just then, Kara in her hyper and excited voice exclaimed “Yes he is a hero in this house too! He’s a protector and never harms anyone unless someone he loves is in danger.” At that Connor suddenly stiffened as his instinct warned him and Sarah seemed to be the only one who noticed. “Kara! You wouldn’t.” Kara continued “Has Brother showed you his secret? That’s why he always wears dark long sleeve shirts. He has a huge…”

***

“KARA!!!” Connor yelled in anger and Sarah removed her hand from his leg because of the sudden and unexpected startle. His expression changed into the battle ready one he showed earlier, he was ready for a fight and his direct, withering gaze focused solely upon her. She saw Jenny drop one of the grilled cheese sandwiches on the floor from Connor’s sudden outburst. When Kara looked at Conner’s face she shied away like he never showed this side of himself to her before. If Sarah wasn’t there during the cougar attack she too would have been deathly afraid.
Very compassionately David gently laid a hand on Connor’s shoulder and visibly cooled as he breathed heavily through his flared nose. All the older looking gentleman said softly was “Relax, Son.” There was something painful in David’s expression that made Sarah feel sorry for the old man at the moment.
Connor slowly turned his head to his grandfather who now smiled in understanding. Connor took a few slow and deep breaths in the attempt to calm his emotions. “Ok, it’s ok.” Sarah stole a quick look at Jenny who also had a very sad expression on her face as id she remembered something extremely traumatic. “What happened in this boy’s past to make everyone show such pained features?”
Connor’s voice brought Sarah back to the moment, but now his expression seemed apologetic. “I’m sorry for yelling at you Kara, but it is as you just said it’s My Secret. It is not your place to tell another’s past without permission. Ok?”
Kara quietly and weakly said “Ok Brother. You are right.”
“I need to change the atmosphere in here quick.” “Um… David…”
“Granddaddy.” He corrected Sarah like she were a child.
“What?” She said in faked confusion.
“Call me Granddaddy like everyone else does, Sarah.” David ordered politely, ending anything she might say to contradict him. “Ha Granddaddy…I could be your 6th or 7th removed great grandmother you Child.”
Sarah couldn’t help but grin back. “Granddaddy, what do you do for a living?”
“I own some livestock and sell some to the local butchers, but my true passion is in being a blacksmith.” That explained his dark skin and the strong build for his age. “I have my own personal technique for working with my metal. I use homemade colored inks to quench the hot metal.” Sarah saw Connor give a steely glance as a warning to his grandfather to which he caught in understanding. Somehow some secret is a very touchy subject.
“Ink? That is different.” She wanted to know more about this method.
“Yes, I said ink. Most people quench red hot metal in water or use some other cooling method and then they need to paint the metal after. With my special homemade ink, you never need to paint the metal ever again. Color gets absorbed in the metal. It also looks very nice depending on what ink I decide to color it with and how smooth I craft the metal. It’s better than paint in my opinion because it will never need another coat ever again. If it will help you to understand the method better, it’s like getting a tattoo. The color is in the metal, rather than coated or applied on it.” He elaborated with a grin.
“That’s news to me.” Sarah said honestly to David.
“Foods ready.” Jenny announced to everyone.
They ate all of the sandwiches on the dining table Connor made. Sarah remained in shock at what a craftsman he is. Connor ate six sandwiches himself while she ate two. “Well I see why Connor’s so big.” It was a very good meal.
Before everyone finished, Sarah recalled a memory from yesterday. She turned to look into his hazel eyes. “Yesterday I saw you pulling Kara in a wagon. Why do you do that?”
He smiled, but David was first to speak. “Because he’s a man and he needs to be strong to protect those under his wings. It might be old fashioned, but it was how I was raised and I expect no less from him.” With pride he stated “Connor has always been extremely strong and big. He trains so that whatever the situation is, he can react accordingly; whether to run, fight or even traverse long distances without resting every ten minutes like some weak city folk.” He puffed out his chest. “I also believe that you need a strong mind with a strong body and that’s why we always go camping, to train his body and mind at the same time.”
“I can see that in him myself. He had the strength and endurance to track me down in the pitch dark forest last night. You have taught him very well, Dav… Granddaddy.” Sarah reached under the table again to touch Connor’s leg, adding her own pride to David’s.
David suddenly burst into laughter. “Connor can track a shadow’s shadow while being blindfolded. I honestly didn’t teach him how to track. He taught himself that skill. He sees things I miss and has taught me a thing or two in that field. My grandson is a natural outdoorsman. In the woods you could never have a better companion.” Still beaming, David patted Connor’s back.
“No more compliments. I’m not some prized stallion.”
Sarah squeezed his thigh again and he smiled at her knowing what the squeeze meant. He casually placed his large hand over hers and returned the same amount of pressure, careful to not harm her injuries.

When everyone got up from the table, Connor told his grandfather “Sorry, but I’ll need a rain check on this weekend’s camping trip.” David nodded in understanding.
David soon walked outside and shut the blue front door. Sarah heard the truck’s engine fire up and then David left.
Turning those raptor eyes at her, Sarah lost herself in his hazel eyes that took her breath away again. He said “I’ll walk you home, Sarah.” Her stomach lurched because she don’t like being away from him, even only knowing each other for so little of time. He had become dear to her so quickly.
“Ok.” Sarah said in a disappointed tone.
Feeling her distress he put his arms around her, his warm body and his smell relaxed Sarah once again. She felt better immediately. Good thing Kara and Jenny weren’t around to see.
Sarah clutched him closer to her breast and all she could put into words were “Thank you so much.”
His husky voice said “My pleasure, Princess.” And he kissed the top of her head. “If this is how he kisses my head, I can’t wait until he kisses my lips…”

As they left Connor’s house she looked across the street and noticed that her father was awake because her car no longer sat in the driveway. Walking side by side she felt whole just being near him. When they got to the entryway to her house Sarah opened it and asked, “Connor, would you like to come inside?”
“I’m sorry Sarah, but I need some rest and tomorrow I need to study up for Monday’s tests.” She forgot Connor stayed up all night, keeping watch for her to sleep contently and the skirmish with the cougar didn’t help.
“Ok, get some rest Connor and I’ll look forward to Monday.” Sarah said cheerfully and expectantly.
“For the very first time in my life, I am looking forward to school. Just hang out with you again, Sarah.” “I feel exactly the same way.” “Oh Sarah, just one thing?” He stopped and looked her eye to eye.
“Yes?” She asked hopefully.
“Whatever gift or power that you possess, please don’t use it, I don’t like the migraines you get from using them. I don’t like seeing you in pain.” Then he was gone and went to his house.
In a daze, Sarah remembered that her mother wanted for her to call back. Sarah dialed the number and sat down because Jillian is going to want every detail. It rang only once and her mother began talking instantly, “Sarah, tell me everything! His looks, personality how he thinks…” Sarah had to ask her something first. “Mother, is it possible to not be able to read someone’s mind?”
“Every mind can be heard with enough power, but some people have very strong minds and wills. You will need your full powers to do it for those rare few.”  “So that’s it. He just has a strong mind.” “Now Sarah… Tell. Me. Everything!”
Sarah told Jillian everything she knew about him thus far, walking around the cougar attack, falling on top of him, almost kissing his lips and telling him about how old she is. Jillian will not need to know about those details. It could stir serious trouble. Sarah explained everything from his height to his build, how attractive he is and his piercing hazel eyes and how they were structured blue on the outside and brown inside before meeting the center’s black pupil. Most eye colors blended together, his didn’t. Even telling how he was able to track her down only made her mother giggle that much more.
It hit Sarah then that she needed to keep her mother away from Connor’s sister Kara or else both of their lives will be in constant turmoil.
Sarah continued telling Jillian how he made her heart race like a hummingbirds and explained just how her body tingled and the goose bumps he gave. Jillian admitted “I’m so happy you might have finally found your mate. And I cannot wait to meet this Connor for myself. I want to see just how observant he really is.”
Sarah collapsed in her bed not too long after she hung up the phone, wishing that Monday will get here quicker. It’s been the most exciting day she has had in centuries and gave much to be reflected upon and considered.

Unfortunately the rest of Sarah’s weekend turned out to be dull and as bland as ever. Even her own father didn’t care that she had come home, but he had a reason to be drunk. It was the only balm the helped when Jillian stood so far away from him.





Learning and Remembering

“Finally it’s Monday.” Connor excitedly said while jumping out of bed and heading into the shower. Never before had he looked so forward to something with such eagerness. After shaving and dressing in his usual attire of black long sleeves and jeans, he heard Kara knock on the bathroom door, immediately her voice followed. “Brother, we’re having scrambled eggs and grits for breakfast!”
“Ok Kara, be right there.” Connor said in acknowledgement because she will not stop talking until she gets an honest verbal answer. One doesn’t take their sanity lightly with her.
After finishing up in the restroom he headed into the kitchen to get a bite of breakfast. Connor nearly inhaled his meal and afterwards noticed Jenny and Kara staring openly at him. They were both standing by the sink and were almost talking to each other with only their eyes before he asked “What’s going on? Is there something on my face?”
His mom wore an apple red top and khaki pants while wearing her white work shoes. She answered, “You look happy this morning.” She smiled proudly. “I’m just very surprised, that’s all, Connor.” Kara said nothing, which sent off all of Connor’s alarms on high alert. It had never ever happened before. Kara being silent. What became even more frightening was the feral grin that she shot at Jenny.
“DANGER! DANGER! Mom and Kara are planning something and apparently I am their target. Run for it you dope!” “Umm… What’s going on in here?” Asking cautiously was his only safe bet.
“Oh it’s nothing at all, Connor.” His mom replied airily with another smile, but the way she said it he knew something wasn’t right.
Kara threw him his backpack while walking to the garage, still remaining ominously silent. He felt relieved to hear her break the silence when she got into the wagon. “Let’s get going, now!”
Going along with the strange situation he didn’t quite understand, Connor walked promptly into the garage and handed over her his book swollen bag and she handed over his harness. Pulling out of the garage he noticed Sarah’s car still parked in the garage and the living room lights were on. “She must be getting ready for school as well.” Connor turned to look at his little sister who just spoke and she continued studying his reactions closely.
“Ready to run?” He asked and her answer was to offer another feral grin.

After running nonstop for just over four miles Kara finally asked over the sounds of the wagon “Do you like Sarah?” He stopped dead in his tracks and the wagon slammed heavily into the back of his legs, it hurt but didn’t make him stumble or fall. Without turning around he thought. “There is no use denying it. All weekend they must have caught me staring across the lawn.” “How did you tell? Was I sitting too close to her or something?”
Connor turned to look down at his seated little sister, who was wearing a pink shirt and white shorts. She playfully said “Please… I saw you how you two looked at each other Saturday, when you brought her back. I have never in my entire life seen you smile like you do when she was near. You’ve never seem truly happy until now and that is a good thing. The only time you were apart was when you took a bath. While you were away Sarah seemed all too jittery and glancing everywhere like she was scared and when you walked in, she became quite calm. I know how lovers look at each other and that’s how I know that you two are going to be perfect for each other.”
He could only blink at Kara because Connor has never known that the Jack Rustle paid so much attention. “And Mom? What was with that look you two had this morning?”
“Well Mom noticed it too, about the two of you I mean. She is also ok with it too because even Mom wants you to be happy, Brother. Even though Sarah is just a little older than you and your teacher, it doesn’t matter all that much to me. You’re both legally adults. But be careful. If you screw up it could cause a scandal that will force us to move. Small towns never forget anything juicy. If she makes you happy, that’s all that really matters. Good luck Brother, we’re rooting for the both of you.” A moment later she stated “By the way I saw how you held and kissed her on the head before you took her home. I never thought someone could turn so red. Don’t worry though, I did not tell Mom. That will be our little secret.”
“Thank you Kara, really.” She had on that same wolfish grin again.

Red faced in his own embarrassment, Connor ran the rest of the way to school in utter silence except for the sounds of running from his stealthy foot falls and the wagon that needed more lubricant for the axles. Arriving at school and putting away the wagon, Kara ran to go meet with her friends as perky as ever.
Mark showed up not too long after wearing a grin, when he spotted Connor again in the old oak tree. “So you and Ms. Sarah huh?” He heard Connor groan. “Does anyone around here not know about how I feel about her? “Don’t worry, Buddy. Relax, I won’t tell a soul about your romantic getaway. Kara and I talked about it last night, when I got off of work and we both agreed that you two are perfect together. Oh and on a different note, are you ready for today’s tests?”
Jumping out of the tree Connor exclaimed “Yes.” And Mark didn’t flinch again as Connor landed right beside him. They punched their fists together as he said “Thanks Mark, for the first time in my life I’m happy about myself.”

The day went by rather quickly. Connor took two tests, one was for science and the other in geometry. The football team only glanced his way during lunch, but kept to their corner. Nothing really bad happened for once. The day couldn’t have been any better or spoil the mood.
Then Connor meandered his way to History class, he sat at his usual seat in the back of the room, by the window.
Mark sat beside him and talked until Sarah opened the door.
As she entered the classroom she was smiling. Their eyes met, but only for a moment and their eyes spoke, ‘I missed you.’ ‘I missed you as well, Princess.’ She turned to the front board and started class. Her long and beautiful brown hair was pulled back in a pony tail which exposed her fair complexion. He wanted to kiss her soft and elegant neck and inconspicuously licked his lips as he imagined how silky they’d be. She was wearing a deep red t-shirt that fit snug to her petite torso revealing breasts that he didn’t realize that were perfectly proportional to her elfin body. They weren’t too big nor too small, they were just right and had an ideal shape. Her jeans complimented her shapely hips and Connor couldn’t stop staring until Mark elbowed him. “I think she wants to look good for you Connor. I can see also see that you aren’t the only person who is happy around here.” He chuckled under his breath while hinting at Sarah.

When the final bell rang, signaling the end of class, everyone left except for Mark and Sarah and Connor. She smiled at the two of them when Mark cut in “Go ahead.” With that said he stormed out of the room, leaving the two of them alone.
Sarah walked up, asking “What did he mean by go ahead?”
“It means that we weren’t as good of actors as we thought.”
Her voice and eyes constricted as she asked “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It’s ok, Princess.” Reassuring her seemed always the best approach.
She said in the same voice “Connor, please? Tell me what’s happening?”
Sighing, Connor explained. “My Mom, Kara and Mark know when we came back from our excursion that I liked you more than just a friend or a teacher. They supposedly noticed the same things about you too.” He sounded a little annoyed at their meddling. “Why can’t they leave well enough alone and let us make our own decisions.”
“And?” She started blushing and began biting her lip in a nervous way.
“They all pretty much said “Go for it, we approve.” That’s all. Promise.” Relief washed over him after finally revealing this.
“Really?” Her features remained flushed, but those emerald eyes of hers shone full of hope. With a sigh of utter relief, Sarah put her arms around him; clutching Connor’s ribs to her breast saying “I’m glad that your family approves of me. You have no idea how much that truly means.” She looked up at him as he hugged her himself and both smiled upon each other in love for the first time.
Pulling away Sarah asked “Connor, what time may I come over tonight so that we may study.”
With a heartfelt smile and a bit of a smirk he answered “I have a lot I need to learn, so how about from six till midnight?”
Her face flared as she said “Ok, but on two conditions.” 
Blinking in confusion he asked “And they would be?”
“Since I am legally your teacher and cannot show favoritism, we cannot got that far into our relationship, at least until you get out of school.” Her voice became a little disappointed, but also there was more she meant yet she didn’t voice. “We could wind up…”
“I understand that we would both get into quite a bit of trouble even though we are both consenting adults. You would be suspended if not outright fired and I would most likely not be able to graduate.” Connor said explaining that he knew why she said what had to be done while also not hinting at his observation.
“At least we only have to wait two more months.” She said perking up.
“Nope,” She looked up at him in disappointment and confusion. “Only fifty three more days left.” Then she beamed. “Now what is your other condition that must be asked?”
“Oh right… What’s your favorite dessert?”
“Wild apple pie.” She looked kind of confused, “The main ingredient is fresh wild apples, not store bought or farm raised.” He looked up at the clock. “I’m sorry, I have to go take Kara home… See you tonight.”
When Connor passed beyond the door he heard Sarah quickly say “See you tonight then.”

A few minutes later, he spotted Kara heading towards the wagon, Connor caught up to her and she turned and asked “How did it go, Brother?” Smiling as an answer, she beamed back in pride. “Brother, I’m so very happy for you, you finally found someone who you like. Just don’t do anything scandalous that will end up on the news…” 
Breaking Kara’s stride he said “Again, I do not forget. You know that all too well. Sarah is coming over tonight at six to tutor me. So when she gets there, make yourself scarce.”
Not missing a beat she laughed saying “She will tutor you, but not in history, big brother. I know what will really be going on…”
“And what do you mean by that?” He interrupted her which didn’t take all that much.
“It won’t be history being taught, Anatomy sounds like a more apt description.” And her feral grin became even more pronounced.
His face flushed as he pulled the wagon out of the thicket. Putting on the harness Connor pulled Kara home as quickly as he could down the trail. He wanted to say a few choice words, but Kara was just being herself.

***

After the mandatory teachers meeting ended, Sarah hurried home full of joy. “I still cannot believe that Connor’s family is gracious enough to let him court me…” 
Upon pulling into the driveway at her house Sarah noticed that her father was working out on the front side of the house. He finished stripping off the old paint from the front of the house and currently begun painting the walls in deep scarlet or blood red paint. Turning off the engine and stepping out of her vehicle Jack called out “Sarah, please come here for a moment.” He said evenly.
“I hope that I’m not in trouble again.” “Be right there Father, just let me set my work into the house. Ok?”
“As you wish.” Using a humoring tone of his own wasn’t very uncommon. She hurried nonetheless.
Going inside through the garage door, she set her purse and keys on the table beside the door. Sarah then walked into the living room and sat down all the paperwork from her classes. She stepped back outside and walked into the front yard where Jack continued painting. “You wanted to talk?”
Covered in red paint, Jack smiled happily. This was indeed a new development. He rarely smiled without his mate near. “Yes I do, but first tell me how your day went?”
Not in the mood to keep beating around the bush Sarah asked calmly “Father, what’s going on? What’s with your change in demeanor?”
His expression softened. “I was able to talk with Jillian today.”
“Oh no! Mother, you didn’t? Couldn’t? Wouldn’t?” Trying to hide her distress she quickly asked “And what did Mother have to say?” and noticed a slight hysteria to her own words.
His face became somber as he sat the paint roller in the bucket. “After her brutal chastising she gave me about last Friday, I wanted to say I was wrong for my actions.” “Sounds like Mother tore you a new one, Father.”
“I accept your apology.” Sarah’s expression remained casual, but her joy rose from the confession.
His face brightened and along with a smile came “Good news, Sarah. Jillian said that she will be here in two weeks instead of a month like she originally planned…
“Oh and another thing, I can’t wait! Jillian stated ‘Sarah and I have a big surprise for you, My Love.’ Your mother sounded giddy on the phone and now I’m very curious about this surprise. Just what are you two planning?” He was still grinning from ear to ear. It looked like he hasn’t had a drop of liquor all day.
Sarah walked away slowly and without another word. She felt numb and cold all over. “Mother what are you planning? Are you trying to give your mate a heart attack? Or are you trying to get someone killed?” Sarah stopped and turned back around to look at her father. “I have to go across the street to tutor one of my students.” She heard the sounds of Connor running up the street just then.
“Which one? The little girl or the mule?” Sarah wasn’t sure if Jack was being sarcastic, but his last words weren’t leaving her euphoric.
Getting angry Sarah spoke steely through her teeth. “He is not a beast of burden.”
Connor ran along the road just then, cut across the grass of his front yard and moved right in the garage and didn’t glance at her the first time, but she recognized the tense setting of his jaw. He was obviously annoyed to be spoken of like that. Connor then went inside quickly and didn’t seem to see her even though she stood in front of the house hoping to see his eyes again.
Jack brushed her off by saying “Ok, ok what time are you going to get home then?”
Still upset, she returned with “When I feel like it.”
He yawned saying “That’s your prerogative.”
Still steamed, Sarah went into the house and had a snack. Afterwards she took a shower and asked herself while looking at her bedroom mirror “I wonder how Connor likes my hair done?” She decided to put her hair in one long braid. When she was completely dry she put on comfortable shorts and a tight green top.

Walking across the street at six in the evening with some paperwork, Sarah knocked on the blue front door. Her heart started beating wildly knowing that she gets to spend more time with him.
Kara opened the door and yelled over her shoulder “Brother, I’m going outside to practice my cheers!” Connor replied from the other end of the house, “Ok Kara!” Kara looked at Sarah in the eye and quietly said “Sarah, please come and have a chat with me real quick.” Without waiting for a reply she grabbed Sarah’s free hand and pulled her around to the side if the house.
As Kara finally let go of her hand Sarah asked “What’s going on?”
She wore a one sided smile and said “It’s about you and my brother.”
Fear and insecurity set in. “Connor said that you all liked me?”
She relieved Sarah by saying “My mom and I were talking for awhile last night about you. We decided that as long as you can make my brother happy, you are welcome to join our family.”
Smiling shyly Sarah gratefully said “Thank you so much Kara, this means more to me than you realize. Also Connor means more to me than I have ever thought possible.”
Kara was no longer smiling and applied a serious expression to her features. “Saturday at the dining room when Brother yelled at me…” Sarah nodded in understanding where she was being led. “Yeah, well never in my whole life has he said anything to me in that tone before, let alone show me how dangerous he can be. I was truly frightened by him. I almost told you about a very painful secret from his past. It was not my place to say it and I am truly sorry now, but just trust him because he is a good man. I believe he was, in a way, protecting you from me. Brother doesn’t want to lose you for some reason and I won’t be the cause should something happen. I couldn’t do that to him... He will protect you with his life so don’t toy with him. He doesn’t act his age. Never has. Everything he does is serious.”
“I know.” Because Sarah truly did know he would risk his life to save hers. If he didn’t, one of them would be being digested or rotting right now. That’s just who he is. “One last thing,” she began “when he shows you his secret. Please do one thing.” Her eyes were sincere and intense.
“Kara said when not if, well that’s a good sign.” “Anything.” Sarah said flatly.
Kara then revealed a dangerous smile of her own. “Just don’t laugh or run away when you see it. Otherwise you will have me to deal with. Got it!” And with that she walked away, swinging her arms around quickly, stretching them out.
Walking in a daze back around Connor’s house and stepping in the entry way, Sarah knocked three times. A moment later Connor opened the door and her mind and body became intently and instantly focused on him. His sandy blonde hair dripped wetly because he stepped out of the shower not too long ago. He wore a dark green sleeved shirt and brown pants with no shoes. His hazel eyes were so welcoming and his lips were inviting. “What’s the matter, Princess? You look strained.”
“Oh no it’s isn't anything like that. Kara and I just had a friendly little chat that’s all.” She said, breaking eye contact.
“Oh great! I’m in trouble.” He said in a cautious and teasing voice.
He can always make her smile and it worked. “You better believe it, buster.” And Sarah hugged him. She looked up into his face and asked “Ready for your lesson?” He quickly looked away. “Why is your face getting so red?”
“It is just something Kara said to me on the run home.” He admitted.
“It looks like she has a talent for getting under our skin.”
Connor smiled and bent down to kiss her head. “I’m sorry, please come in.”
He led her inside his house, but this time he gave the grand tour. Heading down one hallway he pointed to a white door on his left. “This is my mom’s room and next door is Kara’s.” He turned and pointed to two other doors across from the first two rooms. “The door on your right is the bathroom and the one on to its left is the laundry room.” He grabbed Sarah’s hand and their fingers intertwined. She marveled at how they fit together so perfectly and the warmth that seeped into her cool hand. Connor led her down another hall that sat secluded from most of the house and it was very quiet and peaceful back here. He opened a green door saying “Sarah, this is my room.”
He let go of her hand to turn on the lights as she entered his room. The room was painted in the same color as her eyes, emerald, and it was beautiful. The brush strokes made it look like a forest. “I love the color.” Sarah said absentmindedly.
“As do I. It’s the same color as your beautiful eyes.” He scanned the room. “Kara was the one to paint it for me though.”
 Trying to not get choked up or stutter she continue to survey and study his room. It was tidy for a young man’s bedroom. Connor’s bed was a beautifully crafted four poster queen size bed, probably to accommodate his large physique. A singularly large open window, faced the north, and was situated over the headboard of his bed. It let a cool breeze into the room. The covers on the bed were a dark brown and had a tree bark color. Sarah walked over to his dresser and ran her finger tips across the surface to find it perfectly smooth. “He really is a master craftsman.” She stepped away from the dresser and opened up his sliding closet to see nothing but all dark sleeve shirts and jackets.
Still standing in his closet she turned around to see him watching her intently. “Your home is beautiful, Connor.” Unfortunately Connor saw her reaction to all of his dark sleeved clothing in the closet.
“Don’t worry too much about it, Princess. I will show you and explain one day. I promise” and he smiled her favorite smile
“And I promise to tell you my secret one day as well.” And she smiled back.
He walked forward and enveloped her in a hug and the new scent that she loved. He kissed the top of her head saying “One day then. Until then, let’s go get started on the curriculum.” As he held her, Sarah felt him go rigid. “What’s the matter?” They were obviously and rudely interrupted in some way.
He held one finger across his lips “Shh.” He melted out of the embrace and stalked over to the open window above his bed. Reaching through the window with one arm Sarah saw his large arm flex as he caught something.
“Thought I heard a spy!” He said pulling a little girl by the back of her neck in through the window, like she weighed nothing. She wore a pink shirt and white pants and had sandy blond, shoulder length hair.
“Kara?” she feigned astonishment. “What were you doing back there?”
She had on a disappointed face as Connor set her on the ground. “Wow, you picked her up with one hand and didn’t even hurt her. You have great control of your body.” Kara said in a bird like chirp “I was trying to make sure that the two of you were ok.”
“Likely story, you little closet pervert.” Connor said as he stared at her. He crossed his arms in disappointment. Her jaw was hanging by their hinges.
Wanting to leave her and be with him alone Sarah said “Connor, we had better get to work or else you’ll have difficulty on the upcoming test.” Those raptor hazel eyes instantly zoomed in on her and her pulse quickened up again. He walked over and gently took her hand saying “Later” to Kara. He led Sarah back into the living room and they sat side by side on the leather sofa.
He opened the book to the lesson that the class started today, his fingers stopped and she looked at his face “What’s on your mind, Connor?”
Connor whispered in her ear just incase anyone was listening “It is just that since we are studying American history, I was wondering that since that you have lived so long, one day I want to know if you can tell me if they got anything lost in translation over the years.” And at that Sarah started laughing.
She touched his leg. “When you get out of school I will give you all of the stories of my past.” she whispered back.
They got to work not too long afterwards.

***

After four hours of studying with Sarah’s coaching, Kara eventually went to sleep. Connor stood up and made the two of them something to eat. When he finished preparing the late dinner, he brought the two plates and two bottles of water into the living room. They sat together and ate. Now they were sitting so close that their thighs were rubbing against one another. As Sarah ate she leaned back into the sofa with the plate of food resting on her lap. Connor quickly finished consuming his food when he asked, “Sarah, why did you braid your hair?” And that caught her completely off guard.
She sat up almost instantly and looked embarrassed. “Connor, I was not sure how you liked my hair done, so I tried this. Is it unpleasant to your eyes?” She reverted to a very formal way of talking, pulled her braid around her shoulder and became even redder. “May I ask, how do you like my hair, done up?”
“I can’t tell you.” Connor smiled and thought “Please take the bait.”
She smiled shyly and spoke in her quiet and velvety voice. “Then will you please show me what you mean.” She said, setting her plate on the table and pushing her braid back over her shoulder, to rest along her spine. “You fell into my trap, Princess.” Before she could turn her back to him, Connor used his left arm and stretched it across her lower back and grabbed her left hip. He closed his knees tightly together to make a platform for her to sit on. Pulling her up by her left hip, he used his right hand to support her transition by placing it on her right thigh.
Connor noticed that she didn’t gasp or scream, instead she went stone still.
She is now sitting on his lap with her legs spread to keep her balance. With her back facing Connor he leaned forward to whisper in her ear. “Don’t worry, Sarah, all I am going to do is show you how your hair looks best on you.” She still sat rigid so he pulled off her hair tie that held together her braid “Will you please hold this for me?” She took it out of his hands slowly, without looking back. As he slowly untied her braid, she started to visibly relax from his touch. Her shoulders started dropping and her breathing became more even.
When Connor finished unbraiding, he gently finger brushed out her beautiful, silky brown hair. “I truly love your hair when it is down and when the wind catches it and your hair billows. It is a sight I love to watch. I also liked it today when you had it all pulled back in a simple pony tail. It exposed your beautiful neck. Truthfully I wanted to kiss you there when you first walked in.” he said evenly and honestly.
The most amazing thing happened, Sarah turned her body to now sit side saddle on his lap. Those emerald green eyes stopped him from moving even one inch. She was thinking and weighing her options, that much he could tell.
“Really?” She said in a very seductive voice. “Just for today then, I want you to kiss my neck.” As she said that, she reached with her right hand around her head to pull all of her hair from her neck and draped it over her right shoulder and it cascaded over her chest. This now revealed the ivory skin of her throat.
“Am I dreaming…? Who cares about that right now?” “Are you positive?” She answered by closing her eyes slowly and tilting her head back in open invitation.
Leaning in, his lips touched her throat and tremor shot through her body and into his legs, which made his body jolt in a similar way. Silk was the closest he could describe from the smoothness of her skin. She moaned in pleasure and Connor took that as a sign to keep going. She wrapped her arms around him and another tremor went through them again.
And then the moment abruptly cut short.
Hearing footsteps from outside pulled him out of their world and into the normal one. Connor knew his mom just got home from the hospital. Sarah remained sitting on his lap, wanting more, but her eyes were open and filled with passion. She said “That was truly wonderful.”
“It was for me too.” Connor’s voice sounded alien to him. It seemed too husky. He slid his left hand under her legs while with his right snaked around her shoulder blades to effortlessly encompass her. Now standing up with her in his arms, her eyes shot open. He kissed her head and gently stood her up. He tucked some of her hair behind her ear. Answering her questioning look he whispered “My mom just arrived and I think I’d better take you home before things get any hotter between us.”
She nodded in understanding and looked as disappointed as he felt. A moment later, Jenny opened the door and saw them standing not too far away. “Hey kids, how was the lesson?”
They looked at each other about the lesson they just experienced, but Sarah answered. “It went well, Jenny. He is a quick learner if you know how he processes things.”
“Words to live by.” Jenny agreed with a little laugh. She wore a white scrub top and light blue pants.
“Sarah, I will walk you home now.” he said while looking at Sarah. Connor was trying to get the two of them out his mother’s radar because they were both flushed and a mom could always see these things easily.
“Goodnight, Jenny.” Sarah said and grabbed her papers while leaving.
Connor walked Sarah home and kissed her forehead, saying goodnight without words. He walked into the house and into the kitchen. “Goodnight Mom, I’m going to get some sleep.” Connor heard his mother giggle quietly and it dawned on him. That’s where Kara gets her giddiness from.

The rest of the week went about the same for him. He’d run to school, saw Sarah, run home, study with her for a few hours, ending with Connor walking her home. He always ended each night with a kiss on her forehead.
Friday eventually came and after class ended Connor walked up to Sarah. “Hey Princess. I’m sorry, but I am going camping with Granddaddy this weekend. I promised and I always keep my promises.”
“That’s ok. I have to get caught up with the other students work and input the grades into the computer. Connor, tell David I also said hello.” Now she wore his favorite smile on her full rosy lips.
Connor hugged and kissed her forehead. “I will see you on Monday.”
“Later.” And he went home and got some much needed sleep.

Saturday morning came when David let himself in and knocked on Connor’s bedroom door. “Connor, are you awake yet?”
“Yes Sir.” And he got dressed quickly.
Leaving his room he noticed that Jenny and Kara were still asleep. Jenny usually gets the weekends off from the hospital and the two of them usually leave all day and have a girl’s day out.
Walking into the garage Connor attired his usual dark clothing, a brown shirt and pants. He slipped on his hiking boots and walked over to his work bench. He grabbed Tool, a flint stone, a coil of rope and slid it over his shoulder. These were the only things that one truly really need to go camping for one full night out in the woods.
His grandfather twisted the key to fire up the loud engine of his red pick-up truck. Connor opened the passenger door and set the rope in the back of the truck. They really didn’t talk much on their way to a sparsely wooded forest that was about a three hour drive from his house.

Pulling into the desired destination, they both exited the truck. Connor slid Tool into his belt loop and threw the rope over his shoulder while the flint remained inside his pocket. David wore a pair of beige pants and a red and white striped t-shirt. Over his shoulder laid a small sack that held only he knew what. It was best to travel light. David locked the truck and together they walked side by side in silence.
Two hours of hiking later David broke the silence. “This looks like as good as spot as any. I haven’t seen anyone for several hours. I’ll go collect some dry wood and some water from the stream we passed five minutes ago. Can I get you to make the shelter?”
“No problem, Granddaddy.” Connor confirmed in a chipper voice.
As his grandfather disappeared into the forest, Connor went right to work on the shelter. Cutting down five saplings, using the hatchet side of Tool, was a simple task. He also stripped away all of the branches and limbs each green sapling sprouted. Connor then turned Tool over on its hammer end and hammered in two of the saplings into the ground, vertically. He latched one of the straighter saplings horizontally to bridge the two vertical posts that he had previously hammered in. He used the rope still wrapped over his shoulder to do the latching. Using the last two saplings, he laid them both on the horizontal shaft as a backdrop for the shelter. After he finished latching the saplings together the shelter started to take the shape of a simple shelter.
Connor then went off in search of possible coverings to lace the back of the shelter, just in case it did rain. He came upon a fully mature and tall Evergreen tree. It’s beauty shone and the color of the stems reminded him of Sarah’s eyes. Staring for just a few moments, he took out Tool again and cut off a few limbs while leaving most of the tree alone. “This will work out well for the shelter.” He dragged the limbs back to the camp and noticed that his granddaddy returned, sitting next to a nice size bundle of unlit fire wood. “Welcome back.”
“Glad to be back, Son.” Grinning at him, David jumped up and held out an open hand, palm up. “May I borrow Tool and the flint to get the fire started?”
Not needing them anymore, and without saying a word Connor slid Tool out and placed it in his hand along with the flint that rested in his pocket. David started striking the flint on some kindling and showers of sparks flew from each strike. Not too long after, the sticks took the flame.
As Connor was finishing laying the limbs onto the backdrop of the shelter in a weaving pattern, the backdrop had been finished just as the sun began do dip below the mountainous horizon. He grabbed a smoking log and set it in the shelter to remove any bugs or parasites that were tagging along in the bedding and roofing. The windless day allowed the smoke to saturate the shelter.
David asked Connor a question once things finally settled for the night. “I haven’t asked you in a few years, but when you graduate in a few weeks, what are you planning to do as a career afterwards?”
Connor turned to look at him in the eye, like he always has. “I’m not sure. I haven’t been too comfortable working with a lot of people. You of all people know that.” With the shelter complete he walked over and sat next to his grandfather in front of the fire. The smoke had done its job and the critters vacated the area. Connor propped his back against a tree as he continued talking of his plans for the future. “I have always felt at home being an outdoorsman and I think I could be a survival expert or maybe even a skilled carpenter. Even better why not do both.”
“I see.” Connor looked over to see David smiling upon him. “You have become quite strong and have become a good man. I am so proud of you and I always will be. Whatever decisions you make in life, are yours to make and you’ll have my support. Be it love or monetary.”
Feeling a lump in his throat Connor said “Thanks, Granddaddy.”
The observant grandfather focused his eyes on Connor and smiled again. “Connor, I have noticed a very big change in you recently.”
“What kind of change?” he really didn’t understand the contexts of the statement.
“Since last weekend, when you came back with the young lady who got lost. You tracked her down and brought her back safely. Kara told us what really happened, but she must love her father to not have told us. But if he lays a hand on her, you can handle him. Nevertheless, this Sarah, is she your girlfriend by any chance?” David had hope etched on his expressive brow.
“Why do you want to know?” Connor fired back, now understanding.
“Because you two couldn’t keep your eyes off of each other, the same way I look at your grandma, Rhoda.” David grinned in a very particular way.
“You old horn dog. What are you getting at?” Connor started laughing at his thought. “Yes, we are dating, secretly. Mom and Kara approve of her, but we are keeping it quiet until I graduate for both of our sakes.”
“How does she make you feel?” David’s demeanor became calm.
“I hope you’re not asking what it is we do?” Connor grinned at him
“No my boy, a man never asks another man about his love life. All I am asking is how does she make you feel?”
Thinking for the right word took a minute, it then came. “Complete.”
His grandfather now stared into the fire. “I’m happy for you Connor, you have found your other half. Good Hunting.”
Darkness settled in as Connor watched the fire. He said “It’s time we get some rest.” David agreed and slid into the shelter and went to sleep not too soon after.
Connor felt far too awake to get any sleep, so he stared into the abyss of stars in the night sky. Only one thing stayed on his mind: Sarah. “I hope that you sleep well, I will see you soon…”

When morning came and David awoke around eight. They talked about school, his work in metal working was flourishing, Jenny and Kara, Rhoda and even how Mark has been doing.
They broke down the camp once they both caught up on the events of the past two weeks and cleaned up their mess before the trip came to an end.
They arrived at the truck three hours later and started back home. They arrived at Connor’s house around eleven that night. He told his grandfather “Thank you for the great weekend.” and “Good night.” before he left. Before Connor went inside the house he looked across the street and saw that all of the lights were off so she must be asleep. “Goodnight my princess, I will see you tomorrow.”

The next day at school Connor saw her and felt gladness and contentment just to be near her again, but something seemed just a little off. Sarah kept glancing his way in class, looking very anxious and worried about something. That night when she came over he asked her about her behavior. She replied “A test is coming up for me and I just hope that I pass. It will be the biggest test of my life.”
“If there is anything I may be able to help you with, just let me know.” She looked away quickly and turned red. Her expression piqued his curiosity, but he left the subject alone though and didn’t bring it up again.

On Thursday they had a history test and thanks to all of the help Sarah supplied from tutoring, he felt really great about it. Connor knew all of the answers for each and every question, but out of habit he intentionally made wrong answers. That night Sarah didn’t come over or even call. She must have been really worried about this test of hers.

Friday became memorable to say in the least. Today Sarah was wearing a sky blue blouse and cutoff jeans with silver strapped sandals. As Sarah passed back the graded tests from yesterday, Connor became thrilled to find he earned a ninety four percent. Mark said “Good job, Buddy.” Sarah stood in front of Connor and quietly said “Good job, Connor, you really earned that.”
Sarah returned to her desk for a moment. Looking around to see the faces of his classmates who were reading their scores, only one face held Connor’s attention. Mathew, the football quarterback, glared at his graded paper and his face filled red with fury. Even his fist were clenched and struggled with what he received. “Ha, the golden boy looks angry. He probably failed the test.” That put a gloating smile on Connor’s face. It felt good knowing he did better than his hated adversary.
About ten minutes before the bell rang, Connor heard Sarah say to herself, “That clock is off, I’ll probably need to change its battery.” Pulling out a drawer and rummaging around in it, she pulled out two AA batteries.
Waiting for the final bell to signal that school was over and another weekend began, everyone in the class sat talking amongst themselves and getting anxious for the weekend.
Since Sarah’s form was so petite and the clock hung beyond her reach, she pulled an empty desk up to the wall to get better access to the clock. She then climbed on top of the smaller desk easily. Sarah reached up and pulled down the slow clock, popped out the old batteries and inserted new ones.
Not paying attention to the class left her vulnerable.
As Sarah remained standing on the desk, fixing the time on the clock’s face, Connor saw Mathew getting out of his seat wearing a grin that said ‘You’re going to get it!’ a grin of mischief and malice. Mathew walk up to the desk Sarah stood upon and her back was to the class so she couldn’t see what was coming. Mathew put his left foot around one of the legs of the desk.
He yanked too hard.
“SARAH!” Connor screamed and started running from his seat in the back of the class.

***

“Why is the desk moving?” Dropping the clock she heard Connor yelling her name. In the same instant she had the sudden and odd sensation of weightlessness from falling.
“What’s going on? Connor help!” Unfortunately the only thing that came out was a scream.
Just before hitting the ground, Sarah felt something grab her protectively in powerful restraints that encircled her instantly, they didn’t hurt, but they weren’t allowing any freedom to escape. Sarah opened her eyes and noticed that she was spinning in the air because at one moment she saw the tile floor and in the next the ceiling showed itself. Then there was a feeling of a sudden jolt from the impact of the ground, but it didn’t cause any harm. “The ground should hurt a lot more than this, right? So why doesn’t it?”
Looking up, Sarah noticed that Connor was holding her in his large arms and that she lay on his chest. “Connor took the entire impact of my fall upon himself? I hope he isn’t hurt.” She started to ask “Are you…” and stopped when she saw his eyes were full of concern and primal fury. It was a frightening mix that she has never seen before.
“Are you unharmed, Sarah?” He said in a tight tone of voice.
“Yes, thanks to you again. How are you faring?” Her voice spoke of concern.
“I’m glad.” Now his voice steeled and the concern in his eyes vanished, but the primal fury in his steely gaze began blazing even more vehemently.
Without letting go of her, he slid one arm under her legs and stood up so easily that Sarah still couldn’t fathom the depths of his true strength. It was beyond the ordinary. He held her for a moment in the same way he did that night she allowed him to kiss her neck. It was wonderful to only be held by him.
He stood her up and Sarah still didn’t understand what was really going on. The clock lay broken and in pieces on the tile as she looked at the ground that Connor saved her from getting injured on. Connor gently pulled her behind his back the same way he protected her from the cougar.
“Wait the Cougar? Who is Connor protecting me from? Where is the danger?” Looking around the room Sarah saw nothing at her sides or back, she looked around Connor slightly and followed his line of sight, seeing the danger that put him on the offensive.
Her student, Mathew, stood just a few feet away and was sneering at her. “What’s his problem?” She didn’t wait long to find out.
Connor’s dark form bent forward and his stance widened, he balled up his fists so tight that his knuckles were white and you could see his tendons screaming through the skin. His eyes were blazing so fiercely that Sarah knew beyond shadow of doubt that Connor truly wanted to kill Mathew and seeing just a taste of his strength, she knew he most certainly could.
He crouched even more, to spring, but stopped suddenly.
A flash of movement crossed over and Sarah saw a kid step in between Connor and Mathew. The kid punched Mathew in the jaw with enough force to knock him several feet back and land flat on the ground. She noticed the boy’s appearance. He had jet black spiky hair and wore a silver shirt and dark shorts. It was Connor’s best friend Mark.
Mark’s back was to Connor as he spread his arms out in a protective fashion. Mark spoke in a cold, steeled voice when Mathew looked up at him showing the pain and confusion in his expression. “Connor was not the only person who saw that you pulled the desk out from under Ms. Sarah. You better run away from here. NOW! Or Connor is going to really kill you.”
Mathew gave off a throaty, menacing laugh that sent a cold chill down her spine. Still laying on the floor he sneered “The Black Sheep going to kill me?” He laughed menacingly again. “He couldn’t do anything if he tried. He is nothing but an oversized retard. He…” Mathew stopped cold when he looked over and saw how dangerous Connor can really be.
His face paled and his eyes went wide with true fear. Connor’s shaggy hair no longer covered his penetrating eyes at the moment, making the threat real. Getting up very slowly he backed out of the classroom then Sarah heard Mathew running for his life.
Connor stepped forward to run Mathew down and finish the job. And knowing Connor he could easily catch up. Mark turned around with those calm silver eyes and looked Connor in the face, keeping his arms in the same wide protective spread. “Buddy, don’t do it! Mathew is not worth it. You saved Ms. Sarah just in time. It’s over. Calm down.”
Apparently Connor didn’t hear his best friend. He took another step closer to the door, but Mark held his ground. “Nothing on this planet will stop Connor if it is a threat to me. The only one who can calm him is…Me!”
Summoning up all of her courage, Sarah quickly stepped in front of Connor. Talking to his friend she said “Mark, get out of the way. You cannot stop him; you know that only I can.” her back stood to Mark, but he understood Connor’s strength better than she did and moved out of the way.
Reaching up with both of her hands, Sarah cupped Connor’s cheeks tenderly. “Connor, it’s ok, I’m unharmed. You saved me, again. Mathew is gone and so is the threat he posed to me, so please calm down before you do something you’ll regret.” She kept speaking softly and reassuringly, but Connor didn’t hear her and took another step forward, nearly knocking her over. “Connor!” Yelling usually helps with stubborn men and she used her hands to force his head down to look directly at her.
His raptor like hazel eyes looked and at first saw her as an obstacle. She held her ground through some miracle. The only thing Sarah could do at this time was smile his smile at him. It worked and his eyes and face slowly relaxed along with all the bunched muscles of his body. Sanity returned and bloodlust vanished.
“I’m sorry.” His face became apologetic after he found his voice.
“Everything is ok now, just relax.” She said reassuringly.
After a few moments Sarah realized they were still in the class room, filled with immature eyes. Looking around the class she noticed that everyone sat silent and in shock. They were all looking at the three of them and especially at Connor and herself. She slowly removed her palms away from Connor’s face and put them at her sides.
One student broke the silence “Nice punch Mark! I even felt it all the way over here.” The kid didn’t know that Mark was actually trying to save Mathew’s life while also dealing a semblance of punishment. Then everyone started talking quietly amongst themselves. Connor and Mark stood by each of her sides, close and alert. Sarah overheard a few comments from the small crowd.
“I’m glad Ms. Sarah’s ok, but did you see how quickly Connor moved, especially all the way from the back? I sure didn’t. All I saw was a bolting shadow…” “How about that spinning, midair catch?” The next comment made her heart race in jealously over a girls comment “I’ll never call him Black Sheep again…More like a Dark Knight.” “No. he is my Knight and I’m his Princess you ignorant child.” “Wow, I didn’t know the Sheep was actually a wolf in disguise. Did you see his eyes? He was really going to kill our quarterback…” Sarah lost track as they continued to talk amongst themselves. Having a prideful thought she smiled “Yeah Connor is a wolf and he protects his mate.

The bell rang not too long later and everyone left the classroom in excitement over the latest gossip that was sure to spread. Mark left not too long later waving goodbye and leaving them completely alone.
Connor broke the silence and spoke tightly. “Sarah, can I ask for a favor?”
No hesitation entered her mind as she replied “Anything.”
“Will you please take Kara home?” He asked, leaning angst the wall.
“Sure, but what are you going to do?” Her alarm’s rose, feeling a sense of malice rolling off him. “You are not going after Mathew, are you!?”
His face still revealed an emotionless mask. “Nothing like that, Princess. I just need to blow off some steam and I can’t do it with my sister nearby.” He finally cracked a weak smile, but it was forced.
“Ok.” He hugged and kissed her head.
“I’ll go retrieve my sister and we’ll meet you out by your car.” He said, leaving the room fluidly and silently.

Getting to her car while opening the door Sarah heard Kara from across the field yell “He did what to Sarah!? I hope you had him admitted at the hospital!”
Connor said calmly “Well I didn’t. Just don’t tell anyone else ok?”
“Ok Brother, I promise.” Now the siblings walked into view. They were polar opposites. He was big and brawny while she was small and skinny. Her clothes were bright and revealing while her big brother wore dark and conservative clothing. The only thing they had in common was the same hair color, and that’s all. Even their facial structure wasn’t alike. When Kara spotted Sarah she shouted “Hey Sarah! I’m so glad that you didn’t get hurt.”
Kara entered the passenger side door and sat next to Sarah. Connor walked around to the driver side and stood before her, leaned down and whispered in a playful and seductive manner “I’ll beat you back home.” He was finally smiling the smile Sarah loved. He kissed her forehead and ran to the tree line, in an instant he melded into the trees like a flickering shadow. As he entered the leaves around him rustled oddly, but she didn’t see any wind. Kara, in a serious tone, said in the car “Let’s get going, drive slowly and tell me everything.”
Driving slowly down the dirt road Sarah recounted everything that happened from her perspective, only leaving out the students comments. Kara actually sat quiet and didn’t fidget during the story. Finishing the story she had to ask “What is Connor really going to do?”
“He promised that he was going for a run, right?” Sarah simply nodded. “If he makes a promise, Brother always keeps them. He won’t lay a hand on the fool who tried to hurt you. But for your information, knowing my brother, he will cripple Mathew if he comes near you ever again.” She smiled, wishing for it to actually happen and hoping to be there or could it have been something else?
“Why are you smiling?” Sarah just had to ask.
Sarah almost passed their houses when she clearly said “Brother must be truly in love with you.”
Slamming on the brakes startled both of them. Luckily they were traveling slowly so they didn’t get whiplash. Dry dust from slamming the breaks surrounded them nevertheless. “W…What do you mean in love with me?”
Kara had a serious expression on her face. “Brother would die to keep me safe, but the way he looks at you. He would go into hell without hesitation and bring you back unharmed.” She said, striking Sarah speechless. “What is with this family? Do they always speak from their hearts?” She continued “When you two get married I would be proud for you to be my sister-in-law.”
So truly moved by this little girl’s words, Sarah hugged her.
A tapping on the window broke up the hug. Connor smiled through the passenger window, Kara rolled down the window to speak. “Brother, we are having a girl’s moment. Get lost!”
“Love to see you too.” “Love.” and Sarah blushed. “Mark is on the phone, he wants to talk to you.” He still smiled at her, as he turned to look at Sarah with her favorite smile, she knew he was already back to normal.
Kara exited the car quickly and Connor said “I’m glad I was fast enough to catch you, Sarah. Since I ran to get rid of some of my excess energy, I need to shower and start dinner. I’ll talk to you later, Princess.” He leaned through the car and kissed her forehead.
As Connor walked back to his house she called from the car “Thank you for everything.” Sarah blew him a kiss saying “Good night, my Knight.”
“Good night my fair Princess.” He bowed dramatically and walked inside.

After getting home and within five hours Sarah showered, cooked dinner, and washed her delicates. While watching TV she heard a knock at the front door.
“Who can it be at this late hour?” Instead Sarah said “Coming…Who is it?”
Opening the door stood a young woman about her age and height. She has darker hair though. It is closer to black than Sarah’s, but it is still brown though and it was only shoulder length. Their facial structure is about the same, but she has a slight widow’s peak and her jaw line is slightly rounder. She is slightly plumper but by no more than ten or fifteen pounds in all the right places. And her breasts were larger along with more attractively curved hips. Her excited golden eyes studied Sarah carefully. Finally she glanced at the garage to see a Fire Engine red convertible sports car.
Putting all of the pieces together Sarah knew exactly who it is. “Mother! I completely forgot you would be home today.”
“I’m sure you did my dear.” Jillian said with a little giggle.
Changing subject wasn’t easy, but she managed. “Mother, Father is still asleep. Would you like for me to wake him?”
Jillian had a gleam in her eye before exclaiming “No Sarah. I want to meet Your Man first.” and then she arched an eyebrow.
“Oh No. Not now.”
“Oh Yes… Now!” Jillian said, using her power to read her daughter’s mind.
Jillian grabbed Sarah’s wrist and ferried her across the street to Connor’s house.
“I didn’t realize my final test was so soon.”





Past and Present

Crossing the road and walking up Connor’s driveway, Sarah desperately pleaded to her mother, who continued to hold her child’s wrist in a vice like grip. “Mother, what are you doing?”
“I want to see what your man is like for myself before Jack has the opportunity to meet him tomorrow. He doesn’t suspect anything… Oh how long I’ve been waiting for this day. At long last, my little girl has finally found a love interest, after all this time.” Jillian sounded giddy and very amused at the prospect, but Sarah felt terrified and a little humiliated by her mother’s actions.
“Tomorrow?!” It was the only word Jillian said that rang through Sarah’s entire being. “Are you positive that this can’t wait until… later? What if he gets hurt or worse? What if he wants nothing to do with me? I can’t live think what Father will do.” Sarah was truly pleading at this point and with a sharp tug she somehow managed to break her mother’s hold. Jillian was stopped physically, but her excitement was easy to read and impossible to quench.
Jillian remained grinning and then she shocked Sarah by becoming serious. Coming out of nowhere she calmly asked “Do you love him?” Sarah’s face answered of its own accord by going beet red. Sarah then wrung her hands together nervously, feeling a little insecure at the moment. “I thought so. Now Sarah, do you want him to be your mate?”
“Yes.” She replied very quietly towards the ground.
“Good. Now just follow my lead and let’s see how he reacts to meeting me.” Jillian could no longer contain her excitement or impulsiveness behind the serious mask any longer. Like she could ever do it to begin with?
Stepping on the entryway of Connor’s front porch Sarah’s noticed that Jenny’s car wasn’t there. It was quiet inside his home…too quiet. She hoped they left the kitchen light on for security purposes and no one currently occupied the residence, but her mother would already know if no one laid within.
Standing shoulder to shoulder in front of the door, Jillian knocked firmly. Then terror set in. Sarah clearly heard Connor’s deep voice coming from the kitchen to say “I’m coming.”
When he opened the door Connor looked immediately at Sarah and her stomach filled with a ravenous horde of butterflies again. She could barely draw breath let alone be the first to speak. “Good evening, Princess. Is something wrong?” Now she was really blushing and her heart began another cross-country marathon.
Why do I react so strongly towards him? This is all so confusing…
“He calls you Princess? Oh that is sooo adorable, wait till I tell this to Jack. And oh my Sarah he certainly is a Big one.” Jillian said by pushing her excited thoughts into Sarah’s head. She usually does this when she can’t speak naturally in public.
Connor wore his usual black long sleeved shirt and black pants. His shaggy and sandy blonde hair was washed and brushed back, showing his rugged handsomeness openly. His sharp masculine features were awake and apparently happy to see Sarah so unexpectedly. Just the sight of him took her breath away and she remained unable speak.
Jillian was closing the mental link as Sarah glanced at her. Connor’s piercing stare followed hers and finally looked at her mother carefully. “Mother, this is not a sick joke, I really care about him. Please don’t push him too hard…”
Connor looked between them only once and offered his hand to her mother as a greeting. “Hi. I’m Connor.” Shaking Connor’s hand, Jillian returned the gesture in her chipper voice. “Hello Connor, I’m Jillian. I am Sarah’s big sister.
Connor leaned down and looked at her mother, face to face, and smiled at her, but his smile said ‘I’m on to you.’ Only he said one clear and confident word that cut through everyone like a sharp blade. “Liar.”
Sarah’s eyes widened in shock, but Jillian could only manage to blink several times in obvious surprise by being called a liar. She composed herself and asked “Excuse me?”
He stood erect again and continued to wear the same knowing smile. “I called you a liar, Jillian. You are not Sarah’s big sister. You are Sarah’s mom.”
Sarah’s mother smiled knowingly from how she’s been caught and instantly turned to her dear daughter. “He is good.” She turning back to him and said “I’m impressed Connor, what gave me away?”
“A few things tipped me off, but first, please come inside.” He gestured by stepping back and raising an arm towards the living room. “Both of you may speak openly with me. My mom and Kara will not be home tonight. They are having a mother/daughter night out and won’t be back till noon at the earliest. Sarah, please show Jillian into the living room while I make some refreshments for both of you.”
Their eyes met again and he smiled her favorite and personal smile.
Connor left them and went to the kitchen, while quietly Sarah led her mother into his charming home. “Mother, please be nice. I like him.” She said very quietly because she knows how well Connor can hear.
“Ok, but give him some credit. He’s better than you described him on the phone.” She giggled quietly. Jillian had intrigue and amusement written within her golden eyes.
“You have no idea.” Sarah admitted with glee, knowing he had already impressed her. But what would happen next she knew not.
Jillian and Sarah moved over and sat on the plush couch when she asked “Wow these are beautiful paintings and this couch looks custom made.” Jillian seemed just as impressed as Sarah had been when she first saw them for herself.
Sarah smiled gently “Kara, Connor’s little sister, is the artist of these paintings and Connor is a very capable carpenter. He built this sofa, the tables, the kitchen cabinets, the beds and their dressers.”
Her mother whistled in amazement and said cheerfully and amazingly truthful “He has some good qualities.”
Connor entered the living room with a plate of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies and two glasses of milk. He sat down the plate and drinks on the coffee table in front of them. He then walked over and pulled a recliner around to sit front of them, wearing a comforting smile. He looked so calm and commanding, even when he looked relaxed.
Jillian reached forward to grab a glass and a cookie. When the dessert touched her palate she moaned in appreciation. Sarah took one for herself and gave a similar sound as the still warm and chewy cookie melted in her mouth. It was absolutely delicious. Jillian finished off the treat and sipped on the drink before admitting aloud “This is good. Thank you for being hospitable.”
“I’m glad you are enjoying it, but back to your earlier question…” He started to say until her mother interrupted him.
“And which question would that be?” Jillian looked confused, but she was faking her confusion.
“Where I knew that you lied to me.” She nodded in understanding with barely a hint of a smile. “A few things tipped me off. The biggest was how Sarah looks like a beautiful combination of you and her Father. Another was the way you move, you wasted no excess energy as you walked. That proved that you have had a lot of lifetime experiences despite how you look age wise.” Taking a breath he continued “But what really tipped me off were your eyes.”
“My eyes?” She looked skeptical.
“Yes Jillian, your eyes.” Now Connor smiled in confidence. His tone remained calm and completely secure in his observations. “You have ageless eyes Jillian, but they are far older than Sarah’s. The eyes never lie, especially to me.”
“Really? If I am far older than my daughter, how old is she?” She was simply playing with him now. Only she didn’t know was that Connor only really play’s with Sarah, to make her blush continually.
“Around three hundred years old.” He sounded unconcerned with her age.
Jillian nearly choked on her drink as he spoke truthfully and without pause. When her mother stopped choking and caught her breath she nearly shattered the glass on the table. She turned to Sarah in astonishment and her golden eyes flared in accusation and anger. “You told him about WHAT WE ARE!”
“NO, she didn’t.” Connor defended, gaining complete command of the room, he walked around the coffee table and sat between the angered mother and timid daughter. Connor grabbed Sarah’s hand gently and they laced their fingers together out of a natural habit. Sarah had no choice, but to look down at her shaking drink.
Speaking to Connor tightly and trying not to yell Jillian demanded “Explain yourself, Child. Tell me exactly what she has told you.”
“I will, but not right this second.” Connor said bluntly.
Her control over her voice began slipping. “Tell me or I will force you to answer me. One way or the other.”
“I know that you can.” He said compassionately and truthfully. “Just please wait until Sarah’s ready for me to explain.” Her mother didn’t say a word, but Sarah felt the atmosphere begin to calm down.
Sarah heard her mother stand up and pace the room. “I can see that you truly care for my daughter. I will wait, but not for too long.”
Sarah eventually felt capable to look up a minute later to see her Connor’s handsome hazel eyes looking down at her with compassion and admiration. “I really do. No one has ever made me feel as you do, Sarah.” Connor’s eyebrows suddenly furrowed before he turned his head in an instant to look at her mother. “Jillian, will you please stop doing that. It’s not very pleasant.”
“Stop what?” Her mother looked confused for some reason, but she already knew that he could feel the presence of an invading mind because Sarah previously explained the incident over the phone last week.
“I know it’s not Sarah doing it because, with her, it felt like someone is scratching my brain, but with you, it feels like your hammering nails into my skull. Plus, I already asked Sarah to never do it again because it gives her terrible migraines and you are obviously not having one. Either it’s about control or you’re different somehow.” His brow remained wrinkled.
“You have a very strong mind and I am surprised you felt it. I’ve never known anyone who can feel the touch of another’s mind. I was just reading your thoughts, so I know now that you didn’t tell anyone about my family’s differences. Also you know that something is very different about us, yet you don’t care.” Jillian’s face contorted quizzically. “Connor? Your blocking a few things away from me, how are you doing that? Are those secrets that important to you?”
“Yes.” Connor was getting slightly angry from the intrusion. “Next time Jillian, ask for permission before you do whatever it is that you’re doing.”
She burst into laughter. “I like you kid.” Connor’s expression finally relaxed as Jillian ceased using her abilities on him. She tapped her forehead a few times while her eyes were closed, deep in thought. “Ok it’s settled. Tomorrow morning you will know everything about what we are.”
“Mother, are you sure, I don’t want to run Connor off.” He squeezed Sarah’s hand reassuringly while still looking at her mother.
“Ok, Jillian. I will be there. Should I bring anything?”
A wry smile crept on her mother’s plump lips. “Yes Connor, you will bring something very special. You will bring Sarah to my home with you tomorrow because she is going to stay here, tonight with you.”
Connor sat straight up like someone just shocked him with a cattle prod, well in a way, Jillian did. Wanting to understand more clearly he asked her “What do you mean by that?”
“There are some strict rules you must abide by.” She looked at the two of them in turn. “When I leave here I am going to go home to my mate.” “Mother, please don’t be a pervert and make another innuendo.” Jillian smiled, apparently listening to Sarah’s thoughts again since she couldn’t get away with it with Connor. “Connor, you will sleep with my daughter in your arms tonight. During the night you will not kiss, talk or do anything…physical.” She looked at Sarah after she raised her left eyebrow. “Sarah, you will not use your gifts at all. You will sleep in his arms and in the morning I will summon you both with my power; when things are ready at the house. You will not mate with him under any circumstances. Hormones won’t temper my wrath. I trust you, Daughter, but if you do him I’ll stop you from making a costly mistake.” She no longer smiled and was actually serious.
Unconcerned, Connor asked “Why do you wish for us to do this?”
“For four reasons Connor.” Holding up one finger she said “Because it is my right as her parent.” She held up another finger. “I can tell exactly what you are doing here at all times with my power, if you do anything but what I say.” She then held up her last two fingers. “Because I have been away from my mate for too long and lastly I don’t want anyone in the house incase we get overly enthusiastic. It’s been too long since my man was away and I’m feeling rather vocal.” Connor burst into a fit of laughter which was soon followed by Jillian and finally Sarah giggled because it became contagious… If highly embarrassing.
When everyone finally settled down she said “Now both of you, off to bed. I can feel that your father is awake. He knows that I’m here and is getting impatient.” She disappeared as she burst out through the front door and the door slammed shut from the recoil. Sarah then had a feeling of a pulse of a breeze, but the room felt completely still because the ceiling fan wasn’t on. “Mother wasn’t joking, she really is watching us.”
Still sitting on the couch and holding hands, Connor stood up. He smiled her private smile as she looked up at him. His eyes asked something else ‘Are you sure that you want to go along with this?’ Sarah smiled his favorite smile in positive conformation. He helped her stand and then they walked hand in hand down the silent hallway, to his isolated bedroom.
Entering his room, Connor left the lights off. Walking into the dark room, Connor slid into his bed first while letting go of her hand. He laid there patiently while she just stood there, staring down at his dark form. Sarah’s heart started to beat faster than when he first kissed her neck. He lifted his left arm in offering as he saw her distress and shyness about this event.
She had never lain in bed with another man before.
Grabbing his hand, Sarah slowly slid down and sat on the edge of the bed. She couldn’t see his expression in the darkness so a memory jumped into the forefront of her mind. Remembering the time that she slipped and fell on top of him, Sarah stopped suddenly and went rigid at recalling how close they were at the time and what she felt like doing with him. He noticed her moment of hesitation and started to remove his hand from hers.
Sarah caught the escaping hand with both of her own. She reassured herself and Connor as she twisted to lay down next to him. He felt so warm and it seeped through the fabric of her clothes and into her skin.
Resting her head over his heart Sarah realized that her breasts were pressed against the side of Connor’s ribs. She bit her lips and was glad her bra was thick enough from the intense desire to be fondled. She never knew that someone with a chest so hard could be so comfortable to lie on. He put his arm down around her back and rested his hand over her waist line and over her abdomen.
Trying to find more comfort in this laying arrangement, Sarah threw her left leg over his thick thigh. He didn’t move at all, but his heart gave him away by beating like a drum solo next to her ear. It put a small smile on her face.
With an ear over his heart, she noticed that it began slowing down and becoming an even and calming beat. His smell was as intoxicating as ever. Sarah thought something peculiar when she realized how they held each other. “We fit perfectly together, like two pieces of a puzzle.” As she listened to his steady heartbeat and breathed in his manly aroma, she realized that his window over his head remained open and brought a cooling breeze into the room to keep her from getting overheated from his own comforting body heat.
When the embarrassing moment ebb she went to sleep within moments with a feeling of true comfort. His steady heartbeat helped calm her. And her last coherent thought was “Connor, I really and truly do love you.”

***

Standing up after Jillian left his home, Connor looked at Sarah and her smile said everything ‘It’s ok, I’m ready if you are.’ They walked hand in hand and arrived at his room together. Connor released his grip on Sarah and slid into his queen size bed first so that she wouldn’t feel forced under the difficult conditions that were set, she could take all the time she needed.
Looking up at her, she stared at him in the darkness, Connor offered her his hand to help ease the shock. Sarah took it to slowly and gently sit on the mattress. She stiffened to that of a statue suddenly and he let go not wanting to make this unpleasant for her. Just as suddenly, she grabbed his hand with both of hers.
Sarah drifted and lay down next to him on his left side. Her hair cascaded down to the sheets of the bed to blend in like they were one in the same. She rested her head over his chest and he felt her pressed firmly against his side, she didn’t look comfortable. Connor supported her by using an arm as a back brace and he rested his palm over her taut belly. A moment later she threw her leg over his, he noticed the vee of her thigh straddling his leg and the shocking sensation became evident yet even more comfortable as he could feel her heat. Her sexuality beat against his will and only a supreme effort kept his sanity. Her firm yet soft breasts were pushed up against his ribs. Her smell was alluring as well and she still smelled like fresh strawberries and apples.
Connor began remembering what had happened earlier tonight on the first meeting with Jillian, Sarah’s biological mother of unknown age. She seemed nice and eccentric yet protective over Sarah and their family secret. Knowing that it was Jillian who did her thing in his head was no far stretch for him. It felt like she was using an entire chisel set inside of his head, it was very painful. Even now his head continued to throb dully from the experience. Connor also thought quite a bit about Jillian’s rules, there was something about them...
A noise broke his train of thought. Looking down upon his chest, Connor noticed Sarah was fast asleep and snoring. “I’ve almost forgotten how cute she is when she does that.”
Knowing tomorrow would be a long day, he needed some sleep. “Sarah, no matter what happens tomorrow, know that I’m in love with you.”

Connor awoke at the crack of dawn, like always. Without moving his body he looked down to see Sarah laying in the exact same position, only now her left arm had found its way to lay across his abdominal muscles. She embraced him as if she never wanted to let go. What was obvious to him was that she never had to. Connor never wanted her to go willingly either.
He continued to watch Sarah sleep in the same position for the next few hours.
Suddenly all of the hairs on the back of his neck began standing straight up, just moments before a frigid, wet mist blasted in his face. Sarah stirred too. “That must have been Jillian calling us.” Getting her bearings, Sarah looked up at Connor and smiled so beautifully, as if still in a delightful dream. “Good morning, Princess. How did you sleep?”
“Better than the night that I fell asleep on your shoulder, during the rain storm.” Her eyes then widened. “Shh… Mother will get mad if we talk.” She didn’t move as she still looked at him, with an arm and a leg laying across him.
“It’s ok now.” Answering her questioning face he explained “Jillian said that we couldn’t talk during the night. It is now morning. The evening hours are gone and past.” Moving his hand, he placed it on her lower back and leaned down to kiss her forehead.
Now beaming, Sarah said with glee “I can work with that loophole.”
“Well?” Connor was curious about her.
“Well what?” She was looking confused.
“How did you sleep?” he was smiling softly.
She tightened her legs around his again and squeezed her chest closer on his ribs by pulling her arm that remained stretched across his middle. She placed her head back over his chest to comfortably say “Like this.” She looked up again, with those dreamy green eyes. “Never in my life have I ever slept so well and your heart and smell are so relaxing.”
“My smell?” Her face went red. “She didn’t mean to say that out loud I’d bet.”
Sarah looked down and buried her face in his chest. “Yes… I like your smell, ok.” She said in a short and embarrassed manner.
“I love your smell as well. You smell like apples and strawberries.” She looked up and smiled happily. She liked having another thing in common, they both liked the scent the other gave off.
She sat up suddenly and listened. “Are Jenny and Kara back yet?”
“No. Do not worry, Princess. They will not be here until the late afternoon and it is not even nine.” Feeling the hair’s on his neck rise again, Connor smiled just before a whirl of wind whipped in his room, he asked “What was that?” Even though he already knew who the culprit is.
Sarah was smiling as she said “Mother is getting impatient, again. She’s using her abilities to disturb the air itself.”
“Should we get going then?”
“It’s time, we had better go before she comes over to drags us to my house.” She wheeled over and exited the bed gracefully. He too did the same and stopped when he got a good look at her.
“Um… Wait just a moment, Sarah.” She turned around to give him a questioning expression. “Would you like to freshen up before we leave?”
“What do you mean?” Connor walked her over to the mirror in his room to show her what he was looking at. She gasped because her hair stood out in a mess, even her clothes were completely wrinkled. “My hair looks like we have been doing the wild thing.” She said quietly and smiled with him.
“That’s why I asked before we go over to your house. I don’t think that your father will be too thrilled to see you looking like this.” He gestured from behind the mirror she was still staring at. She turned and smacked his arm playfully.
“Ok here is the deal. We don’t have much time before Mother comes over here to get us herself. You shave and change clothes while I take a quick shower.” Both of their faces went red at that thought. “Ok?” And then she headed for the shower after steadying herself. Hearing the shower turn on he heard her say “Connor, come in and do your thing.”
Opening the bathroom door, he noticed that her clothes were piled on the floor and upon closer inspection Connor noticed that she wore a black lacy bra and matching panties. He turned his head, looking at the opaque shower curtain that stood between himself and a stark naked Sarah.
Pulling himself out of very exciting thoughts, Connor turned on the sink faucet, filled up the basin and began shaving.
Now finished with the task, Connor heard the shower’s water cut off. He grabbed Sarah a towel and draped it over the top of the shower for her to catch. “Thank you.” He slipped out of the bathroom silently and walked across the hall to enter Kara’s room.
Almost everything in the room stood a different variety of pink. Pink walls, cover, drapes, cabinets, even her ceiling fan was bright pink. Connor walked over to the dresser and opened the top drawer to find a shirt for Sarah to borrow. Who could have guessed it…every shirt had some kind of pink in it. He grabbed the least advertizing top and grabbed a pair of white shorts. And that was all as he left the room.
Connor knocked on the bathroom door. “Sarah, here are a change of clothes, but I don’t have any undergarments for you to wear. I’d never hear the end of it and I’m not suicidal.” She cracked the door and held her hand out, using the door as a shield to cover her nakedness.
“I think I can manage. Thank you, Connor.” She took the articles of clothing as Connor went to his room to change into fresh clothes himself. Soon he attired a black long sleeved shirt and blue jeans and put on his boots.
He walked into the living room and sat down to wait on the leather sofa. 
Soon, Connor heard her open the bathroom door quietly and noticed her trying something. He let her think she got the drop on him by staying still and remaining oblivious. Suddenly her soft, bath warmed arms slowly and gently encircle his neck from behind and Sarah’s newly brushed and long wet hair fell over his shoulders as she leaned over him. “I hope that everything will turn out for the best.”
“It will. I will protect you forever.” For the very first time Sarah kissed the side of his neck, once and gently. His heart began stuttering like an old and rusted engine and it felt great. “She kissed me this time.”
“Thank you, Connor. I truly mean it.” He stood up and grabbed a plastic grocery bag so she could put her clothes from last night in it. They walked out the door together. Soon they entwined their fingers together as they walked across the street. Her hands seemed so small and delicate next to his, but they seemed to be a perfect fit for each other.

The old log house had a fresh coat of crimson red paint which made it look a little eerie. At the very least the wild grass had been mowed to show someone finally bought and lived on the property. Walking onto the entry way of their home Connor’s pulse quickened. He knocked on the newly painted front white door three times and waited.
He heard Jillian say in a chipper voice come from somewhere in the back of the house. “I’m coming, hold on you two!” Jillian opened the door quickly wearing a ruby red halter top and a very short beige skirt. She was a strikingly beautiful woman, but to him she seemed boring in the wake of Sarah’s natural beauty. She looked at Sarah and soon smirked, knowing that she had changed clothes and taken a shower before coming over. In a quiet voice she looked at Connor and said “You passed my test.”
“What test did I pass?” He asked, feeling a little bewildered.
“I know you two kept your promise last night, but Connor you are a constant surprise, even to me.” Jillian’s golden eyes glimmered as did her perfectly white teeth. She reminded him of Kara on a sugar high.
“Do tell.” He wondered what could surprise this ancient woman.
“In our laws you are given two tests. One from the mother and one from the father.” Her voice became a conversational level now.
“And what test did I pass?” Connor placed his free hand in his pocket and smiled pleasantly.
“To see if you could be that close to my daughter and remember my rules without letting your sex-drive take total control of your senses. Also you found the catch in my rules that I placed specifically for you. When it became morning, you figured my rules became void and started talking.” Jillian took a much needed breath to say “My test was geared toward seeing if you could follow the rules, but also to think around them too. So you passed with flying colors.” Jillian offered to her hand in congratulations.
Shaking Jillian’s hand, Connor turned to look at Sarah after remembering something. “You said on Monday that you had a major test coming up, I didn’t realize that I was a part of it too.” He smiled at her.
“I didn’t know that you would be tested like this either.” Sarah turned to the smirking Jillian. “Why didn’t I know about this?”
“Because if you knew, you would tell Connor and he might be prepared for my arrival. I can’t have you spoiling all my fun now can I?” Jillian looked at up at him, but Sarah didn’t understand what was going on like he did. There was more to Jillian’s words than she was letting on.
“Sarah, think. Your mother’s lying to us again.” Sarah looked up at him, frowning while Jillian’s jaw practically dropped to the floor. Connor turned to look at Sarah as they still held hands. “Her test wasn’t to see if I would listen to her Laws, it was a test to see if I could respect her wishes, like any other normal mother would. There is no law regarding a parent’s right for us to be together. Only to see if I could respect their wishes. Furthermore she is also saying for me to always keep my guard up and think before I act. A good mind needs to be sharp.”
Off to the side, Jillian said in a laugh “I need to keep up my guard with you around. You are too good at figuring out if someone’s lying.” Sarah was proud and speechless at the same time. “Ok you two get inside.” Jillian shook her head as if she had lost for the first time and couldn’t believe it.
Shutting the door behind them, Jillian immediately started talking. “After our reuniting, I told Jack about his surprise and he became a little upset, worried and quite sad. It was a little funny from my end though. A good romp made him relax at least.”
“What surprise?” Connor asked in honest confusion.
“That our little Sarah has found you, of course.” Sounding obvious wasn’t Jillian’s strongest ability, but she rolled her eyes like a pro.
“Well what’s the problem?” he asked, being a little confused about all this.
Sarah squeezed his hand and said “Connor, he is not worried about his daughter finding someone, but about how our family secret might potentially get out into the open. It puts us in great danger.”
“Well then there won’t be any problems.” And Sarah playfully elbowed him below his ribs, knowing what he meant, but Jillian didn’t.
“Tell me why then.” Jillian was curious as she held her hands together.
“Because a person’s secret’s is theirs, and theirs alone. If they wish to tell that secret to someone, it should not go any further than the person it was told to, unless permission is granted by the person it originated from.” Jillian looked to Sarah for clarification.
“That’s how Connor is, Mother. He will never reveal our secret unless we give him permission first.” Pleased, Jillian escorted them into the living room.
The walls held new yellow wallpaper and the windows were as freshly washed as the fans. Hung on the walls and shelves were a few antique paintings and bowls. A box in the corner showed they were still unpacking. In the living room sat two love seat sofas, facing each other, and a wide coffee table sat carefully situated between them. The floor was made of hardwood and Connor didn’t spot any carpet, just like his home.
The tall and silver haired man sat on the sofa that faced the window.
He stood up slowly and walked over to greet them. He is as tall as Connor is, but muscular wise, Connor far outweighed him. He was wiry where as Connor was more than filled out. “Hello, I’m Jack. You must be Connor, I assume.” He reached his hand out.
Letting go of Sarah’s hand Connor took his. “Yes I am and also the Mule as you once so graciously call me.”
Appalled, he looked at Sarah “Do you tell him everything?”
Squeezing his hand hard enough to get his attention off Sarah and back to himself, Connor calmly said “No sir. She would never say anything bad about anyone, let alone her family. You just need to be sure if you’re talking about someone, make sure they don’t have excellent hearing.”
Jack squeezed his hand back just as hard. “You are stronger than I gave you credit for old man.”
Both men poured all of their hand strength to the other’s and by the looks of it no one seemed to be winning, but Jack gritted his teeth and his face reddened. He was by far the strongest man Connor has ever faced by the judge of hand strength. From the look in his eyes, Jack was nearly beyond shocked about Connor’s innate strength as well. Some part of Connor explained that he didn’t need to hold his true strength back from this man.
At exactly the same time, Jillian slapped Jack’s shoulder as Sarah slapped Connor’s. Simultaneously they said “Grow Up!” They were definitely mother and daughter.
Jack and Connor smiled at each other and both quickly apologized for acting like childish fools.
Jillian took Jack’s hand in her own and they both sat together on the couch facing the window. Sarah took Connor’s hand and they sat on the other loveseat, facing her parents and she let go of his hand as they settled in. Jack sat thigh to thigh while holding hands with Jillian.
Jack looked directly across the table and started the conversation. “So Connor, Jillian said that you passed her tests. It is now my turn.” His expression remained unreadable and ancient. “I have only one question and request.” His features gave away nothing, but his voice shone full of concern and worry.
“What’s your question, Jack?” Connor felt oddly confident and it truly was complimented in the tone of his voice and posture. Jack calmly asked “What are your honest feelings towards my daughter?” Concern now dominated his eyes as well as his voice.
Connor looked into those beautiful green eyes that makes him forget who and where he is in an instant. He turned his head to look back at Jack directly, before forgetting his place. “Ever since I first laid my eyes on Sarah I fell completely for her. Since then, I can never stop thinking about her and only her. I can’t stop my eyes from following her every move or not hang on her every word. Even when my eyes shut I can still see her standing before me. If I could have a choice I would spent an eternity with Sarah and I would not have any regrets for as long as I lived.”
Jack nodded once while Jillian’s eyes were sparkling excitedly and she wore a pleased smile. Then Connor felt a sensation as Sarah took his hand into hers again. He turned to look at her and noticed that her green eyes were full of unshed tears, but she was smiling his favorite smile. Connor asked “What’s the matter, Princess? Did I say something wrong?”
Sarah shook her head and leaned in closer to lay the side of her head upon his shoulder. “Nothing is wrong, Connor, it’s just that I feel the exact same way for you.” She buried her face in his arm in embarrassment. She was still trying to hide from her family. “What’s wrong? What are you so afraid of Sarah?”
Jack cleared his throat. “Princess? Connor, by now you should know that Sarah hates pet names and childish endearments.” Now Jack got his full attention, because she never said otherwise. “Not from him!” Sarah shot back forcefully in a voice that shocked everyone, including Connor. He’s never heard such a forceful reaction come from her before.
Jillian burst into a fit of laughter while Jack blinked like Sarah had never spoken to him that way in her entire life. Connor looked into his favorite colored eyes and Sarah tried nuzzling back into his arm, trying to hide again. The heat in her face seeped into his covered arm
After Jillian could breathe normally, Jack continued “I accept your answer. Now Connor, for my request…” He leaned forward. “Keep our daughter safe, protect her, for much will depend on it.” He was being very serious and his azure eyes meant every word and something more.
Sarah looked up from his arm and grinned and Connor returned with a grin of his own. Jillian tried to cover a laugh with a cough that didn’t work over too well.
“What? Am I missing something here?” Jack pleaded to Jillian and she affectionately said “Listen My Love, it is not my place to tell their secrets. Right, Connor?” Jillian winked at the boy knowingly.
“Your right about that, Jillian.” Connor winked back.
“Will someone please tell me what the hell is going on behind my back? This is really starting to get on my nerves.” He really was getting upset until Jillian touched his arm and he visibly calmed down.
Sarah answered to her father’s question. “Father, Connor has been my protector since we first met.”
“Elaborate.” He meant it. She looked at Connor and nodded because she gave him her approval. “The day I heard you yelling at Sarah and she ran off into the forest alone, I tracked her down for fearing she might have gotten lost or became hurt.”
Jack held his full attention on Connor, but then he gave a look of doubt. “Get real! There is no way that you – A mere child – could track Sarah down, in the wild. She’s untraceable even to…” He sounded sarcastic and a little annoyed.
Ignoring the remark Connor looked at Sarah. “I believe that you should tell them about what happened on our trip home.”
“I agree that it will help them better understand what we’ve already been through…together.” Jillian and Jack looked at each other in confusion and worry. Apparently Jillian didn’t see that part of their fateful beginning. Sarah turned to them and said “As Connor was guiding me back home, a cougar attacked us!”
Jillian cut Sarah an incredulous look and asked “A real Cougar? Sarah how did you kill a Cougar? You aren’t strong enough yet. You’re only slightly stronger and faster than an Olympic athlete.”
“I didn’t do the deed, but Connor did. I was too afraid to do anything except stand there and look like a pretty treat. Connor was the only one to keep a level head and saved both of us.” Sarah then looked at her father meaningfully. “He killed it with only one hit.”
Her parents were struck speechless, so Connor continued the story. “And then yesterday, a student in class made Sarah fall off of a desk while she was fixing the clock. I barely caught her before she landed, possibly breaking her neck. I turned her over in midair, taking the brunt of the impact solely upon myself.” Connor started getting angry at remembering what happened and his free hand clinched into a tight fist. “I wanted to kill him for even attempting to harm her.”
Jack’s face turned slightly red with rage and his voice matched it, at hearing this. “Why the hell didn’t you kill him then, Connor?”
Both Sarah and Jillian laid a soft and comforting hand on their shoulders and left it there. After a short time, the two enraged men calmed and Jillian spoke quietly to Sarah. “Any good man would obliterate anything that might bring harm to their mate or offspring. It’s their natural protective instinct.”
Sarah then spoke clearly to her father. “Connor would have killed the insolent student if I didn’t stop him myself.”
“Sarah did the right thing, My Love.” Jillian said to Jack calmly as she tucked a loose strand of silver hair behind his ear. Connor then saw true love in their eyes as they looked at each other.
With the two men calmer now, Jack asked pleasantly “What proof do you have that supports your claims? These days, people lie and make it sound as truth.”
As Connor began quickly thinking, he came up with “Do you want physical proof or can mental proof be enough for you?”
“Mental proof?” He asked and Connor knew he was testing him so he said “I’m sorry Jack, but I thought you could read minds like Jillian.”
He looked down at Jillian “You’ve told him we can read minds? Is our secret that meaningless?” He sounded like he was used to her impulsiveness. She shook her head to quickly say “No, My Love, Connor actually felt me reading his mind and asked me to stop. I had to use quite a bit of power to get through his powerful mental defenses. He is quite a remarkable young man. It was harder than seeing into Ben Franklin’s mind.” She then smiled at the two of them with a wry smile.
Jack turned back and looked at him again. “Yes, I can read minds like my mate here. Also I will accept your mental proof if it is sufficient enough.”
“Ok please just give me a moment to collect my thoughts.” Sarah placed her other hand on his thigh while they still held hands. She spoke too “Father, read my mind as well to see from a different perspective.” After collecting their thoughts, Sarah and Connor told him “Ok.” Jack closed his eyes and instantly there was a painful sensation inside his head reading trough personal thoughts and observations. Unfortunately, Jack’s mind was even more painful than either Jillian’s or Sarah’s, but Connor had to push beyond the blinding pain and show what needed to be seen.
Connor began to think first about trying to track Sarah’s difficult trail. Jack then started speaking to himself. “Wow. Even with almost no visible light… You are a very skilled tracker…” Killing the cougar came easy to pull to the front of his mind because one’s fright and terror is easy to recall in detail. “Now that’s a hit… You’re exceptionally strong, but I already knew that.” And finally, catching her before she landed on the ground at school was frightening itself. “You sure are fast, even better than most athletes…Good, I see that you would have killed him if Sarah didn’t stop you.” Unable to withstand any more pain from the onslaught, Connor demanded “STOP!” and the pain eased almost instantly. He rested his head on his hands and tightly gripped his hair because the pain was even more uncomfortable than Jillian’s. Connor had begun panting heavily without even realizing it. Through the pounding headache he heard Jack whisper “You’re right he has extremely strong mental defenses. That was… challenging.”
Sarah began slowly and gently rubbing his back for she didn’t feel the pain as he did. “Father, these are just some of the reasons we are together.” Connor finally looked up from his hands and for the first time, he saw Jack wearing an honest smile on his face.
“Connor, you have passed my test.” He looked at Jillian to announce “Since he has passed both of our tests and understands the value of secrecy, I believe it is time to reveal our secret.”
“Finally, I get to learn about all about this.” Connor thought to himself. Sarah’s hands start trembling in fear and anxiety before she stopped rubbing his back. He looked at her and saw she was genuinely frightened for some inexplicable reason. To ease her apprehension, he laced his fingers with hers so that she knew that she wasn’t alone in this. She then stopped fidgeting as their eyes met again.
Jillian caught his attention a few moments later by sighing “Connor, it is time for you to know what we are.” Steeling herself, she explained “We are of an ancient race of immortal beings, better known as Balancers!”





Imbalance and Balance

When Sarah’s mother and father eventually told Connor that he had passed each of their tests, she suddenly became nervous and deathly afraid of what was about to come next. “It really is time to do this. I thought I was prepared after all this time, but at this moment its frightening… Connor, I won’t be angry if you run away after knowing about my family’s secret, but please don’t hate me for what I am. Please…”
Connor wove his fingers between hers after she began drawing her hand away from his back. Then Sarah realized that her body trembled all over because their hands were the only things that weren’t fidgeting in expected fear. It made her become self-conscious of her reactions, but grateful for his solid grounding. He looked at her in a special way that said ‘Everything will work out so stop shaking.’ The vibrations of her body ceased instantly after he smiled her favorite smile.
“Connor, it is time for you to know exactly what we are.” Jillian leaned forward seriously to emphasize her meaning. “We are of an ancient race of immortal beings, better known as Balancers!”
Connor looked up at the ceiling and mumbled “Balancers… Balancers… Balancers… BALANCE!” He lowered his head and his eyes were fixated on Sarah’s. “The very first day we met and I was explaining in class how I told time, I said something about balance being nature’s one true law. You looked at me almost dangerously. Then I felt you trying to search through my thoughts. Were you trying to see if I knew what you were?” He questioned seriously.
“Yes, and to see if you were a threat to me or my family.” Sarah spoke quietly and honestly, knowing she didn’t have anything to hide from him anymore.
“Now I understand…” Still looking at her he calmly said “And when you told Jack about me, he was drunk and furious about you not being able to get a read on me, right? That’s why you fled off into the woods, to take his attention off of me and focus it all on yourself.” All she could answer with was a weak nod.
‘Ahem.’ Jillian cleared her throat in minor annoyance, they were in their personal world again and forgot about her parents presence momentarily. It didn’t last long, but they returned to the conversation. Jillian was getting rather annoyed so Connor and Sarah broke the bubble to look back at her oddly hesitant mother. “May I continue the story?”
“I’m sorry. Jillian, please continue.” Connor said apologetically.
Jillian slid even closer to her one true love and he didn’t want it any other way. She laid her hand down on his thigh gently while Jack laid his arm around Jillian’s lower back, to hold her hip. She looked up at him and they both smiled. They smiled the same way Connor and Sarah smile at each other, with love, admiration and desire. Sarah finally understood what it was like to truly be in love.
Jillian began the ancient story that Sarah had been told as a child many centuries ago. “In a time long forgotten, there were and still are three ancient and powerful immortal races. The Keepers were the very first and they are better known today as dragons. They are the keepers of knowledge and ultimate power. The third race came to be aptly named Changers and they have the ability to manipulate their physical bodies into anything they need or want. The second race of immortals are we Balancers, Connor.” Jillian pointed to herself and Sarah to emphasize a point.
“Balancer’s have the ability to control the elements of nature to do as we see fit. We are called Balancers because everything needs some kind of balance within our world, but especially with us.” Jillian answered Connor’s questioning expression. “Think of it this way; if you’re cold, you look for a place to get warm right? It’s your body’s way of regulating itself, trying to find its ideal balance.” Connor nodded, understanding the balance she simplified, but knew it was much more complex and subtle. “Well, some of us are capable of taking the energy from our surroundings and envelope ourselves in the heat to keep from freezing to death.”
“I’m beginning to understand. Go on.” “He wants to know more? Why does he look so calm? Can he take our words so easily as truth?”
“No more about that for now. I need to continue the story.” Taking a needed breath Jillian went on by saying “All Balancers are always born female and are immortal themselves...”
Connor cut in quickly. “But! What about you Jack? Aren’t you a Balancer? Aren’t you immortal?”
“Indeed I am, but let Jillian finish son before you irritate her anymore.” Speaking ominously was one of Jack’s strengths, but he smiled at the justice of interrupting Jillian. That is something she excels at, but gets frustrated when she is the one interrupted. Sarah could tell it was payback from Jack to Jillian, for the surprise he received.
Squeezing her hand into his, Connor understood to let Jillian finish because she is of the impatient personality. She is almost like Connor’s little sister. Sometimes it’s best to let them get what they need to say out of their system.
“Yes, Connor, all Balancers are only born female. As such, we are imbalanced. Our powers are severely limited… as you’ve already noticed how the headaches manifest when she tries using her abilities. Those are the physical ramifications and signs of an imbalanced female. Our powers need to be balanced and since we are all female there is only one way to find that perfect balance. We need to find a male mate, to find an equilibrium within ourselves! It is the only way to reach our true potential.
“Our mates must be smart, strong and be in love with us for the right reasons. We don’t do one night stands. When we find our mate, they too become immortal and they also gain abilities of their own. Once mated, a female’s abilities become stronger and the painful cost of using our skills become nonexistent. As mates, we bring a harmonious balance to each other; woman to man and man to woman. We are but two parts of a whole, as it has always been. We are unable to read our mate’s mind, but we can always sense their moods and where they are at at any given time. We can find them just like a personal tracking beacon or a GPS, but with better accuracy.” She answered Connor’s unasked question by adding “We are bound together forever, throughout time. Being immortal there is also a price, Balancer females cannot birth large families, otherwise we’d overrun humanity in several decades. Usually a mated pair have no more than two or three daughters. To this date my knowledge tells of a mated pair having a total of six children, but that is the greatest number a Balancer mother has ever been bestowed. Those are the limitations we females are faced with. We are born with very few eggs, so to have a big family is impossible.” Jillian glanced sadly at Jack and Connor immediately noticed the exchange.
“What happened?” His voice turned quiet and somber.
Jack spoke softly for his mate who became too choked up to speak at the moment. “Sarah is our third and final daughter. Jillian no longer has any eggs on her ovaries, so we can no longer conceive. Sarah has only one other living sister. Her name is Amber.” Steadying himself wasn’t easy because this story always pained them. “Our first daughter, Pearl, and her mate were killed in an avalanche about three hundred and fifty years ago, as they slept in their home. They lived in the mountains together. At that time Jillian, Amber and I lived an hour away, but by the time we came over a week later we saw the aftermath. We found them and buried them together, but it is never easy to see your child die, no matter how long we live.” He looked at Jillian, revealing little more than a painful setting in his eyes at recalling this story. “If only they were awake, they could have stopped the avalanche or gotten away.”
“I’m sorry for your loss.” Sarah squeezed Connor’s hand as an appreciative gesture for the sincerity in his voice.
Jack continued saying “Thank you, Connor. Just know that as Balancers, thought we are technically immortal we are not invincible by any means. We are still very much human. We can die the same as you; like from poison, stabbing, blood loss, suffocation, drowning and so on.” Looking at Connor seriously, he took his arm from around Jillian’s back and leaned forward. “Know this. There is one Big rule to being a Balancer that cannot be taken lightly.”
Connor let go of Sarah’s hand and he too leaned forward and set his predatory gaze on her father. Mother and daughter shared a quick glance at each other and hoped a fight wouldn’t erupt between their men. Breaking the tension, Connor asked evenly “What is it I must understand?”
“If either the man or woman dies, their partner dies as well. No matter where they are, if one dies the other will follow immediately. Our lives are irrevocably chained to each other. It is simply another part of the balance. There is no other option for us, once mated.” He spoke in an intimidating way.
“You mean if you were killed, Jillian would die as a result?” Connor sounded appalled at hearing this, but his expression remained neutral.
“Yes.” Jillian said quietly while pulling Jack back in the seat.
Connor leaned back on the sofa, laid his head on the headrest and sighed. “It gives a whole new meaning till death do you part.”
“Where do you think that saying originated from?” Jack said sarcastically.
Connor then changed the whole mood of the room. He turned his head to see Sarah watching his every move and expression. He asked her innocently “How does one become a male Balancer?” He finished by wearing her favorite smile and as a result she forgot how to blink.
Sarah’s heart went from stammering to beating furiously and she felt her face flame red hot. “He just had to ask that now…” Tearing her eyes away from his innocent question, Sarah looked at her mother to plead for help. Jillian was honestly trying her very best not to smile and it was obviously not working. She sincerely enjoyed her child’s discomfort a little too much. “Connor, why did you ask this in front of my parents?”
She looked down in embarrassment, and then Sarah heard Jillian’s embarrassing remark. “Look how self-conscious and innocent she is, Jack. She is over three hundred years old and still so bashful. Look…her face is sooo red! Oh look it’s getting even redder now.” Jillian then started laughing and couldn’t stop herself. What became more mortifying, Jack had chuckled as well.
Looking up to see Connor’s reaction, Sarah stopped halfway at his shoulder and hoped he wasn’t smiling. She sucked in a silent breath and eventually bridged the gap to meet his expression. Seeing his face, she noticed that he sat completely still and was waiting patiently for an answer. He wasn’t paying any attention to her mother and the perverted remarks.
Still blushing wildly, Sarah summoned up her courage to tell him the honest truth, without being descriptively blunt. “Connor, to become a male Balancer there is a simple ceremony that we must do…together.”
“Together? I thought we were already together?” Connor asked and still looked confused. Jillian starts another fit of robust laughter and began stamping her feet on the wooden floor while clutching her sides.
In a shy and quiet voice Sarah had to spell it out for him “Connor, the ceremony can only be done when our bodies are joined as one… We must…mate.” She barely managed to squeak the last word aloud and forced herself to look down at his hand resting at his side.
After Jillian quieted down from her last laughing fit, Sarah looked up to see that Connor’s head leaned back on the headrest again and his eyes were closed. Moments later he leaned his head forward and opened his eyes to look at Sarah. “Thank you so much for letting me in on your secret, Princess…”
Jack interrupted what he was about to say and asked “Connor, now that you know about us being Balancers, will you take Sarah as your mate?”
Very slowly and clearly he met Jack’s stare directly and said “No.”
Instantly heartbroken, Sarah leaned away from him and stared at her quivering hands. “I thought so. I knew it, I’m a freak and he doesn’t want me… He couldn’t be with someone like me…”
Jillian turned deathly quiet, but Jack was anything but. The atmosphere turned malevolently warm and Sarah could almost feel her father’s rage as he slowly said “What did you say?”
In the same voice he reiterated “I said, No, Jack.” He continued saying in a calm voice “Before you try and kill me, let me explain my reasoning.” He took a slow and deep breath, in a calm voice he ordered “Sarah, please look at me.”
“I can’t, I’m sorry, but I just can’t. It’s too hard…” Her eyes start to water, making her vision become blurry and she shook her head because she couldn’t bring herself to look into his eyes again.
Sarah soon felt a gentle hand under her chin and Connor tilted her head to look up at him. His face held a calm yet painful mask. “Sarah, now that I know you’re secret, I know that I want to be with you forever, but…” He took a deep breath and sighed it all out slowly. “It is time that I showed you my secret as well so that you will understand my position.”
It became her turn to be speechless while trying to keep her tears from spilling over.
Connor stood silently.
As he began towering over Sarah, she looked up into Connor’s face and saw a mask that transformed into one unreadable and passionless. It was honestly the scariest expression he’s ever shown. She’d take his violent look over this one anytime. He slowly walked a few steps away from them and turned his back to Sarah. Taking a few slow breaths made his massive shoulders rise and fall, Connor steadied himself by saying “Ok.”
Grabbing both sides of his shirt at his waist, he slowly pulled off his shirt. When it slid completely off, Sarah got her first good look at the true physique of his body that had always been covered and concealed.
Connor’s back was even more massive than she could have ever imagined. Muscle layered every inch of his massively wide back similarly to that of a heavyweight boxer, but fat seemed nonexistent on his frame. It seemed as if the face of some deadly creature stared directly at the Branderson family from how the muscles bulged even when relaxed. The bulges seemed more eerie as the light coming in through the window casted ridges to the knots like mountains. His shoulder blades held muscles so defined that it looked like menacing eyes while his lower back muscles showed the facial features. This was not the muscles of an ordinary person. These muscles were that of a god in living flesh. His physique showed how much he’s trained and even bodybuilders would have an impossible time achieving such a complex musculature that nature envisioned. His muscles started where Sarah could see, from his belt line, all the way up to the base of his skull. Connor’s arms were even more fit than she ever thought to be possible in a man of nineteen years of age. If she didn’t see this for herself, she’d reason that his physique was fake or cosmetically altered. The muscles he was layered in were enormous and would put even the Greek Gods to shame.
Then he started to slowly turn around.
Turning very slowly, Jillian and Jack saw whatever this secret before she could. All of the malice in the room, that had been emanating from her father disappeared, in an instant. Jack’s restrained anger was replaced by wide eyes and a barely open jaw. As her mother saw it, her hand shot to her mouth saying “Oh my...” and Jillian rarely gets shocked. Sarah felt even more afraid than she had all day. worrying about how he would react to hearing about Balancers became nothing compared to the worry she felt after hearing her mother’s reaction.
Connor kept turning slowly towards Sarah.
When Sarah finally saw Connor’s bare chest, it took her breath away.
Connor’s torso was so well muscled that it could have only been achieved by a lot of unorthodox hard work and physical labor. Touching his muscles through fabric was one thing, but seeing them in the bare flesh, without a covering became an altogether different experience. Knotted and perfectly symmetrical muscles filled his mid and lower abdominals. Everything about him seemed to have been created out of a dream of the ideal man. His front side was even more remarkable than his chiseled arms and back. Large pectoral muscles flexed on their own as he finally stopped turning. His hairless, sculpted chest proved that he had a great lung capacity, but what laid on his chest made Sarah’s heart stop.
Starting from both sides of his shoulders, and crossing once all the way to wrap around his ribs was a solid black X perfectly centered on his sternum. It looked like an incredible tattoo, but after a second, closer glance proved it to not be a tattoo at all. Tattoos don’t leave the skin glossy with melted scar tissue. The mark clearly had been seared onto the flesh because Sarah has seen melted flesh before, but the shape, design and application were too uniform. The X was perfect, showing it was done all at once, but she didn’t know if it were intentional or not.
Not relieved that Connor’s eyes were closed, Sarah stood up out of the seat, almost in a trance. She unconsciously started walking up to where Connor stood. She carefully touched the very center of his sternum, where the lines crossed.
The lines were four fingers wide, from golden tan skin to black mark and back to skin again. The skin no longer revealed any sweat glands and seemed uniform. She touched the center of his chest again, but this time with the palm of her right hand, it felt almost like rubbing the surface of rubber. She looked up at Connor and he continued wearing the expressionless mask and eyes were still closed tightly, trying to remain oblivious to their scrutiny. “Connor, please tell me what happened to have caused this?” She asked softly and tenderly.
His eyes slowly opened to meet hers. Hazel eyes looked almost like she wasn’t standing directly in front of him; they were unfocused and somewhere else altogether. “Do you remember when you met Granddaddy and he told you what he does for a living?”
Remembering the day that she met Connor’s family for the first time, she quickly remembered David’s story about what he does. “Your grandfather is a metal worker or black smith, right?”
“Exactly.” Sarah continued to stare into those gentle hazel eyes as he recounted his story in a hollow tone. “The accident that left this mark took place when I was fourteen years old. That summer, I was working with my granddaddy at his forge. I was hammering some metal rivets and support bars into the correct shape while Granddaddy was quenching a cross-beam with his specially blended black Ink. That is his trademark.” Connor looked up and added this for her parents sake. “The metal was still red hot and steaming of the ink when he put it on a drying rack to cool and let the ink be absorbed.
“And then the secured bolts holding the rack up on the wall suddenly broke loose from the ceiling. I still haven’t figured out how it fell.” He cleared his throat to continue with his story. “I was facing the wobbling cooling rack, but Granddaddy’s back was to it. He and I were wearing ear plugs because of my loud hammering so he didn’t sense the danger about to drop on him. I knew he would not be able to hear me yell at him and wouldn’t have been able to react quickly enough to dodge, even if he had. Luckily, I reacted first and didn’t think about it. I ran at him as quickly as I could and pushed him out of the way. Then the half-ton cross-beam dropped. The hot cross-beam pinned me to the ground instead of him.” Sarah shuddered just trying to imagine the intensity of his pain and she laid her other palm on his massive chest as he continued.
“I awoke about a week later in the hospital’s PICU. As I became more lucid, I looked down and saw that my chest was completely wrapped up in gauze. I still couldn’t move due to the excruciating pain.” Sarah could only imagine what he went through and the pain he had to endure. “Granddaddy, told me later about what happened. I had third degree burns from where the cross-beams incinerated my shirt and seared into my skin. The quenching ink that my granddaddy used became like a permanent tattoo as it permeated into my flesh. And the weight and force from the beams that landed on me cracked five ribs and gave me a hairline fracture on my sternum. If it were anyone else they wouldn’t have survived the weight and searing heat. My granddaddy told me ‘I’m so sorry son. You blacked out due to the pain being too great.’ Because of the accident, I lost a year of school and was held back, that’s why Kara and I are both seniors. After the accident, I vowed to never be weak or slow for as long as I live, and to always protect others who cannot do so themselves.”
Connor finished with his story and became still. Sarah began to silently cry for all the pain he has endured and had bore alone for all these years. “I now understand a little of your pain.” She reasoned with his secret and said “Is this the reason you always wear dark long sleeves? Not only to show off your Godly muscles, but to cover up your X as well? You think you’re a freak compared to others?”
“That’s why.” Confirming her questions wasn’t difficult for him now.
For no reason in particular she looked down to the center of his chest which stood to her eye level and she kissed the center of his sternum softly.
Moments later she looked up at him to see that he became rigid. “Now that I know your secret, Connor, I can tell you I’m in love with you as well.” His eyes began to burn with happiness, love, passion and most of all relief. His mask had vanished and she hoped to never see that haunting expression again.
Connor slowly leaned down while she meet him by standing on the tips of her toes. For the very first time they kissed each other on the lips. His kiss seared through every cell in her body, like molten lava in an unstoppable volcanic eruption. Need and want streaked through her like never before. Her toes started curling and her body went through rapture. Sarah reached around his head and entwined her fingers in his sandy blonde hair to deepen the experience. He returned the gesture by enfolding her in his massive arms around her lower back and drew her closer. They pressed into each other, almost melding together. Her first true kiss felt more amazing than she dared dream, nearly shattering the core of her whole existence. Her love and his were now in harmony.
Every part of her ached to be with him from her head all the way down to her toes and especially some parts that wanted him to take her right then and there.
With everything going on in their personal world Sarah heard an annoyed voice say “We are still in the room, young lady.” Jack spoiled the mood.
Untangling her hands from around his head, she turned around, remaining in Connor’s embrace. His arms were now crossed under her breast and his hands held her ribs gently while her back pressed to his abdomen. He looked down as she stared up at him in relieved happiness.
Sarah chanced a glance towards her mother several seconds later to see a joyful look in her golden eyes. She was sparkling with pride as her hand pressed over her heart, but she said nothing.
“Connor, will you be the mate of our precious daughter?” Jack started getting impatient as he repeated his question again.
Connor looked evenly at him. “I’m not going to answer you.”
Before Jack could react or say anything, Connor spun Sarah around to look at him, face to face. Getting down on both of his knees, Connor looked her in the eye with another one of his soul shattering gazes. “Sarah. Will you have me as your mate, lover and husband for all eternity? Even with the large deformity on my chest?”
Struck speechless at hearing those words, she couldn’t say a word, but she instead showed him the reply. Sarah tackled him to the floor and he landed on his back. She laid atop him and kissed him passionately and fiercely. She didn’t care where she was because only one thing mattered, after all these centuries she found her mate.
When she let him speak again he moved a few hairs out of her face and tucked them behind her ears. “Is that a yes?” He then held up her chin to look at him still laying flat on the floor.
“Yes! Forever, Connor. My answer is Yes!” She could finally speak again. “I have never been happier in my whole life.”
As Conner and Sarah sat up, she looked around the room to notice her parents. Jillian leaned her shoulder on Jack’s ribs and he had his arm wrapped around his mate’s back. They were both looking at them wearing a smile of congratulations. They accepted him now as family.
Connor stood Sarah up as her mother could no longer contain her excitement “Sarah, my dear, you have finally found your mate. I’m so very proud.” Jillian walked away from Jack and embraced her youngest in a rocking hug.

After an hour of talking about nothing in particular, Connor’s shirt found its way back on again. Jillian eventually asked “When are you going to do the final ceremony? Tonight? A week? When?” She was wearing another perverted grin again and Sarah flushed.
Connor rescued her again by saying “Jillian, there are a few things I need to take care of before we go that far.”
“What kind of things.” She was still grinning.
“It is a secret!” He glanced at Sarah with a wry smile.
“What secret?” Sarah asked suspiciously. “You’re going to keep a secret from me now? Are you going to make a habit out of this?”
“No, no. How about this then, it will be a surprise.” Smiling her smile made her resolve falter. It always had and now, always will.
“I just cannot say no to that smile of yours. Can I help with anything you’re planning?” Sarah asked truthfully while wringing her hands nervously. Connor grabbed her ankle and immediately let go, in response to her words.
Then his brow furrowed just before his head whipped in a new direction. “Jillian, get out of my head! I didn’t give you permission.”
Jillian laughed, saying “You’re right, sorry about that.”
Connor took a long look at Sarah and kept smiling. He was thinking about something and it seemed important. “Sarah, I will be back for you, but this will take me a month or so.”
“You’re leaving me?” Her insecurity set in instantly.
“Yes, but I am also going to take time off from school. Don’t worry, it will be worth it. You’ll love what I have planned for you. So if anyone asks where I am just tell them that I’m out touring different colleges. Ok?” 
“Ok.” Sarah said, smiling the best she could.
He leaned in and kissed her lips again. She wanted so much more than that, but he pulled away to say “I love you, Princess. I’ll be back just as soon as I can.” Connor turned to her parents, who still sat together on the loveseat. “Please keep an eye on her while I’m away.”
“Will do, Connor.” Jillian actually saluted him.
“You have my word.” Jack never breaks his word when he spoke in that tone.
Connor stood and left the Branderson house without another word. “Don’t worry, Sarah.” She looked at her father who spoke “Whatever he is up to, I know now that he is a good young man. He has my blessing.”

***

After waving farewell to Sarah and her parents, Connor stepped outside their house and looked across the street. In the driveway were two familiar vehicles. His mother’s car parked in the garage which meant that she and Kara returned, and Mark’s jeep sat parked on the grass.
Crossing the street, his mind ran wild. “I finally know what Sarah and her family are, Balancers. Not only are they immortal, but they can also control nature. Should I inform Mom and Kara that I showed Sarah my secret? How about actually being engaged? Kara would get a kick out of that or maybe she’d be too stunned to react. I can spend eternity with a woman who accepts me wholly. How can I tell Kara let alone Mom that I’m leaving for a month, without any notice? Well I’d better just get it over with.”
Opening the front door of his house, Connor spotted Kara and Mark sitting very close together on the leather sofa, watching a movie. Then he had a revelation that since he asked Mark to watch Kara that night, he became quite close to Connor’s sister. He smiled inwardly.
Kara wore a bright pink blouse that fit quite snug and also decided to wear long white shorts. Mark and his spiky jet black hair and silvery eyes wore an aquamarine t-shirt and blue jeans.
They were both watching TV when they spotted Connor at the front door. Kara shot up off the couch and closed the distance in an instant. “Brother, where have you been?” Mark was still seated on the sofa and watching the scene of siblings intently.
“I just met Sarah’s sister, Jillian and her father, Jack.” Connor began laughing on the inside. “Sister…ha she is going to be my future demented mother-in-law.”
“You what?!” Kara shrieked. “Brother, that man is mean!”
Staying calm was his only option with her. “Kara, he is Sarah’s father and after we talked, he seemed quite decent to be around. When he isn’t drinking that is. Now that his family is together he isn’t frightened for his daughter’s safety.”
She studied his face carefully. “Ok Brother. I’ll keep an open mind, but only because you said so.” She stepped away and sat down next to Mark again.
“Connor, I could use your assistance!” Jenny called from the kitchen.
“Coming!” Walking into the kitchen he noticed many of grocery bags on the kitchen counter. Since he’s the tallest in the family, he took the hint.
Putting the last of the cereal boxes into the top cabinet, Jenny asked “I heard you talking about being over at Sarah’s place.” She gave him a wry grin and said “Did you enjoy going over there?”
Connor replied “Yes I did and I enjoyed meeting her family as well.” He kept his tone of voice even so she wouldn’t be able to discern his excitement.
Out of the blue Jenny asked “Connor, what is going on?”
“What do you mean?” he leaned up against the kitchen counter.
“You look a little…different. Like a heavy weight has been lifted off of your shoulders.” She stepped closer and gave him a once over. “Also you look like you have something that you want to ask.”
“Like any good mom, you can see right through your children.” He shook his head slowly to calm himself. “Something has come up that I would like to do. I’ll need to take time off of school and I need to ask Granddaddy if he will allow me to work with him for awhile.”
Crossing her arms around her chest, she asked “How much time off, exactly?”
Looking at her in the eye he said “About a month or so.”
She nodded while still looking at him with a businesslike expression. “What do I say to the school to explain such an extended period of absence?”
“The school doesn’t care for or about me in the least, but if they do happen to ask, tell them I’m out of town looking at different colleges.” He had to make sure everyone stuck to the same story.
A moment of silence ended as she said “OK.”
Slack jawed, Connor asked “Ok? Really? Why? What trickery is this?” Jenny would never consent to something like this without a legitimate reason or hidden agenda. It’s not in a mother’s nature to do something like this.
“Because Connor, you have never once asked for anything for yourself. Ever since Sarah’s came into your life, I’ve noticed a tremendous change in you. For the better I might add.” She tilted her head quizzically. “Are you doing this for her?”
Unashamed and smiling, he corrected her question. “For us.”
“Well ok then, do what you have to do. Just be safe with whatever you’re planning.” Jenny stepped closer and gave him a proud hug.

After Connor called his grandfather to come and pick him up, to which he replied “I’ll be there in thirty minutes.” he walked into the living room and stood in front of Kara to say “I’m leaving for a little while. Look after Mom while I’m away.” She said “No problem, Brother. Come back soon.”
Connor looked meaningfully at Mark on the sofa and tilted his head for him to follow. He took the hint.
Upon entering his room, and after Mark stepped inside, Connor shut the door. He asked “What do you need, Buddy?”
Looking into his silver eyes Connor asked “Mark, you’re my only friend and the only person I trust. Can I ask you for two things?”
He blinked once and the said “Name them.”
“At school, can you keep one eye on Kara and the other on Sarah?”
“Done… And your other request?”
“Keep Mathew away from my fiancé.” he said bluntly.
“Your fiancé?” He almost yelled. Connor crossed a finger over his own lips for him to tone his voice down. He complied by smiling and whispering “Are you and Ms. Sarah engaged now?”
“Yes, and that is the reason why I’m leaving for a little while.” Mark sat down almost in shock, but also a little happy for his friend.
“Ok done. Just what are you up to?”
“I will tell you, but no one else can know about this until I get back. This is a very big secret.” Telling Mark his plans made his smile become wider and alter into a grin. Changing the subject on him and catching him off guard Connor said “Go Ahead.”
“Huh?” His silver eyes turned confused.
“You once told me that you were fine with Sarah and me. Now I am telling you that I am ok with you and my little sister.”
He spoke softly. “Thanks, but I don’t know. She is so…young.” When Connor looked into Mark’s silvery eyes just then he thought he saw his pupils literally flicker with a faint white light. It must have been his imagination.
Moments later Connor heard his grandfather pulling into the driveway and he honked the truck’s horn twice. He grabbed Mark’s shoulder in appreciation saying “Later, Bud.” Walking to his closet Connor grabbed his duffle bag and filled it with clothes. He ran into the open garage and grabbed Tool. He then had another idea that would work in his favor. Connor walked over to Kara’s wagon, untied the rope from the wagon and threw the chest strap and rope over his shoulder.
Eventually Connor walked towards the idling red pickup truck and opened up the passenger door. David sat patiently, waiting in the purring vehicle that wanted to get a move on. He sat his bag and chest strap in the bed of the truck and slid Tool into the belt loop on his right hip. Connor stepped up and sat down in the seat. “Ready, Son?” David asked casually.
“You bet. I have a lot to take care of.” And David put the truck in reverse and effortlessly pulled out of the driveway. As they were leaving down the street Connor saw Sarah on her front porch waving goodbye, and he blew her a kiss without alerting his grandfather to the deed. She blushed brightly in the distance as he lost sight of her as a wall off trees flew by.
Connor loved making her go red in embarrassment, but only when they were alone. He wasn’t sadistic enough to intentionally do it in front of others.





House and Home

After departing from his house and Sarah, David and Connor were driving down the road to his grandparent’s house in the old red pick-up. David wore his usual attire of a plaid shirt and blue jeans with his worn out work boots that were still dependable after years of hard work. His clean and slicked back gray hair told Connor that he didn’t work in his forge today. David started up a conversation, once things were settled in and they were clearly away from prying eyes and ears. “Well my boy, this is a different change of pace. I want to surprise your grandma, so I didn’t tell her where I was going.” He had a playful smile written on his face as he drove with little care. “How long are you planning on staying with us? You were quite vague on the phone.”
“Hopefully you can put up with me for about a month.”
“Really? We get to spend time together for a full month? It has been well over a year since you’ve stayed nearly that long with us.” His eyes were twinkling with glee as did his voice. His grandparents loved spending time with him.
“Yes a full month. There is something special I would like to do during this time. It will cost a little bit, but I will find a way to work it all off for you.” Connor stared straight ahead while speaking. He then rolled down the window and rested his right arm on the windowsill, letting the whipping motion of the wind caress his face as the truck went down the road. Connor has always loved the rapid breeze that comes from an open window, it feels almost like one is flying.
“We can discuss the finances later, Son. Your grandma is making dinner as we speak, so we can sort matters out then. What I really want to know is what started all of this? What has gotten you into this particular situation that is making you do this?” He still continued smiling playfully.
“No use trying to deceive this old man.” Connor stated “Sarah did.”
“Oh really?” His smile turned into a grin “What did your little girlfriend do exactly?”
Unable to hold it in any longer from him Connor said “I showed her my chest!” He now looked at his grandfather meaningfully.
David’s smile instantly evaporated and replaced itself with a mask of anguish. The truck started decelerating as he pulled to a stop on the shoulder of the dirt road. No one, besides them, occupied the desolate road surrounded by the forest as he steeled himself for what he needed to get off his chest. David turned in his seat to look at his grandson. Connor too turned in his seat too return the look with a calm and content expression.
“Connor, I hate to ask, but how did she handle your mark? And what was her reaction?” David sincerely wanted to know.
Smiling softly at him Connor admitted “I will not give you all the juicy details, but she handled it very well.”
“Really?” He raised a questioning eyebrow while still looking pained.
“Granddaddy, Sarah is the woman I have always been searching for and she has also been searching for me as well.” Connor smiled in reassurance.
Breaking into one of his deep belly laughs David said “I’m so very happy for you, my boy. I couldn’t be more grateful to that little lady now.” His body relaxed and his pale blue eyes were saying that he meant every word.
“I would have thought you’d say something like ‘Connor, don’t you think you’re moving a little too fast in this relationship?’ or ‘How do you know she’s really the one for you?’ … Granddaddy, how did you know when you were ready?” Connor leaned his shoulder in the comfortable seat.
“You’re old enough now that you don’t need me to lecture you in romance and dating. Plus it is weird talking about it in the first place. And Connor you just know when you find the right one. Age and status doesn’t matter when you find the one you’re destined for. It’s like close up lightning. It blinds and deafens you, only it never goes away. Apparently you do know that your girlfriend Sarah is the right one for you. I can see it in the way you two looked at each other with those big puppy dog eyes. I’ve met her just the once, but you two have a connection, that much was clear to me. But instead of being close, you were hit head on by that bolt.”
David then turned back in his seat and pulled the truck back onto the road. The two of them sat in silence as they traveled to the next fateful destination. 

Twenty minutes later and still in mid-afternoon they pulled into his grandparent’s dirt driveway.
Connor’s grandparent’s property is situated on a sixty acre, family owned farm. There are two barns on the property. One is two stories tall and is strictly used for the cattle and is painted a typical barn red. They own fifty head of cattle that they either sell at the market or used for personal sustenance. The other barn is a smaller, single story structure and is mostly covered in black soot, especially around the mouth and chimneys. It’s where David utilizes his personal forge.
Their house itself is two stories and the outside walls are painted a dull yellow. They have an old rusty mailbox out on the main street, that has the word May written on it in a faded white paint. In the main two story house, the upstairs holds three bedrooms and one bathroom. Downstairs is a big family kitchen, that is off limits when his grandmother is busy, an entertainment room, a study and finally a dining room.
Getting out of the truck and grabbing his bag and chest strap out of the bed of the truck, Connor caught up to his grandfather at the front door. Connor looked up at the eve of the door and written on it:

Welcome to May’s
Ranch farm and Black Smith

That sign gave Connor a funny idea.
Opening the front door David called into the house. “Hey Honey, guess who’s going to be staying with us for awhile?”
From the kitchen Connor heard her voice “What have you gotten us into now, David?”
“Hi Grandma, how are you doing today?” Rhoda entered the room at the sound of his voice, wearing faded pink shorts with a purple and white polka-a-dot t-shirt. She has a few wrinkles like any respectable grandmother, but don’t let her looks fool you. She knows where to hit any man where it counts, right in the stomach, with no food. She retired not too long ago from being a chef at a local five star restaurant. That being said, she is a terrific cook. Her hair is mostly grey with natural blonde camouflage peppered in and it is kept in a neat perm. She is as tall as his mother, but is about a head taller than Kara.
“Connor! Welcome home.” She then looked to his right and held a deadly accurate wooden spoon in her right hand. Rhoda walked up to David and ruthlessly cracked him hard over his head with it and the impact alone was hard enough that Connor heard even his own skull rattle. “Why didn’t you tell me that Connor was staying over?!”
“Rhoda, I wanted to give you a good surprise.” David sat down on the arm of the sofa and rubbed his head where she probably fractured the skull. After so many decades he should be used to it by now.
“Your surprises are the worst… usually.” Chastising him has always been Rhoda’s favorite game, seconded only by hitting his head, one that she’s a master of. Many spoons lay massacred over the long years.
“Play nice, Honey.” He smiled weakly.
“Oh, I will play Nice later.” She said menacingly and then spoke playfully to say “We both know how much our grandson needs to eat, to keep up his strength.” She turned to Connor and smiled warmly. “Welcome home.”
Knowing his grandma was just teasing, in her way, Connor said “Sorry to cause so much trouble.” he smiled to her and leaned on the door frame. He sat his duffle bag of clothes inside and slid Tool out of his belt loop and rested it on top of the bag because his grandma will not allow him to carry it on his person, inside the house. The only weapons are at her disposal.
“Oh no worries. I love cooking, you know that, and you only eat so much because you burn off your energy just as quick. Also I was looking for an excuse to clock your grandfather over the head.” She pointed to her husband, turned and started walking towards the kitchen with a pleased grin. “Supper will have to be pushed back till seven.”
Before his grandmother left the room his grandfather blurted “Rhoda, do you remember me telling you about Connor’s girlfriend, Sarah?” She stopped in her tracks, but didn’t turn around as she asked “Yes, why?” He said seriously to her back “He showed Sarah the X on his chest.”
Rhoda spun around to look at Connor still leaning on the doorway, as he now crossed his arms. “How did she react to it?” He gave her a proud grin as an appropriate answer. She smiled and seemed satisfied with the simple response. She walked into the kitchen again, wearing a pleased expression.
When she left, he looked at his grandfather, who still rubbed the top of his head. “I need to do some research online. May I use your computer in the study?” David looked up, smiling. He’s used to his wife’s treatment.
“Sure, go right ahead. I will see you at supper anyways.” He stood up and entered the kitchen, taking his life in his own hands.
Pushing himself off the door frame, Connor walked down the hall and entered the study. There were many books covering the wall in no particular order. There was one big desk and a comfortable chair. The walls were painted in a sky blue and a fan on the ceiling remained motionless. On the desk sat his grandfather’s laptop and connected to it was a mouse and a printer. David recently upgraded to digital, high-speed internet, not too long ago and it really helped when anyone needed to do some research and not hog the phone line.
After sitting down and turning on the computer, Connor went directly to his favorite search engine. The first topic he entered into the search line was house foundation diagrams. They were then printed on a few papers, showing lengths, diagrams and angles to fit his needs. He continued searching and printing everything he deemed necessary for the upcoming project; from plumbing, furniture, fireplaces to kitchens.
Sarah’s mother, Jillian kept creeping into his mind. She kept telling him about Balancers and their powers. And an idea struck.
Connor didn’t want to research anything on Balancers because he wanted to hear it all from the woman he loved, but he did want to know more about the elements. In the computer, he typed Elemental representations, and there were over two hundred million possible results. He sifted through many websites until he found exactly what he was looking for.
Understanding washed over him as Connor read this particular site. Originally he thought that there were only the four elements; Fire, Air, Water and Earth. But there was much more to it than that. In fact there are five basic elements, all with a different meaning. The screen showed the name and their definitions.
Fire (Energy) – The movement of molecules that can either emanate heat as it moves faster or cool as it decelerates. Kinetic energy is the source of warmth.
Terra (Earth) – Solid material that holds minerals.
Liquid (Water) – All forms of non-solid elements like water. (The air we breathe is classified as a fluid just like the water you swim in or drink.)
Pressure (Wind) – The application of force on an object to alter and change its outcome, movement or shape.
Metal – An alloy that is capable of being fashioned into a new form and can be liquefied and reshaped by heat. It is a malleable element.
After reading everything on the site, an image popped into his mind that could represent all of these most basic elements. It was a simple and elegant mental image. It felt right.
The last line of the site read “If all of these elements come together, you create life, but take just one element away, it will result in death.” It reminded Connor of Sarah. “Without knowing her secret and her not knowing mine, we were like the five elements. It was all or nothing. Sarah, I love you, all of you.” He looked up at the now spinning ceiling fan in the study. “When you see the surprise I have in store for you, I hope it’s to your liking.”
“Connor, Dinners Ready!” Rhoda announced from the dining room. He looked at the clock on the wall and outside the window to notice how dark it became. The hours of research flew by all too quickly.
Connor sat all of the printouts on the side of the desk and grabbed the spiral notebook and a pen and sat them all together.

Entering the dining room, Connor stopped suddenly. A mouthwatering scene laid out before him. His grandparents were both sitting together across from where he usually sits at the table and seemed to gloat from his reaction. The old oak dining room table sat brimming with food. Upon it were three crystal glasses, filled with sweet iced tea and lemon, stuffing, mashed potatoes, Corn bread, Cranberry sauce, biscuits, sweet potatoes and last but not least was a large, uncut slab of steak. It felt almost like a May’s Thanksgiving dinner.
Connor sat down in a daze and asked “What is all of this?”
Rhoda looked beyond pleased at his response and started “Jenny called here just after you left the house to come over and said for us to trust you with whatever you are up to. Your mom also said ‘Connor’s ecstatic about something. So Mom, please cook up something hardy for him.’”
Davis looked at her in obvious confusion. “You mean to tell me you knew he was coming, yet you still hit me on the head?”
She looked at him with a feral smile. “I told you I was looking for an excuse to hit you, didn’t I? This simply fit in with my plans.” He shook his head in defeat as she looked back at Connor and said with a playful smile “Let’s dig in.”

After ten minutes of eating, David started the conversation they all wanted to hear, after putting his fork down on the table. “Alright, Son. Now we may talk about whatever you have planned.”
Taking a breath and laying his utensils down Connor started with “I know I do not have any money, but I’m strong enough to work off whatever debt I accumulate. If you need anything done around here I’ll do it, no questions asked. Give me the tasks that are especially too difficult for you to do.”
“Go on.” David wore his calm business expression.
“Well I will need some building supplies bought and to borrow some of your tools. I’ll need to also borrow your trailer to haul the materials.” Looking businesslike himself came easily and natural.
“You may borrow whatever you need. Do you need to use my truck?”
“Only for a part of the way, I’ll pull it myself for the rest of the journey, when I find the ideal spot. That’s why I brought my harness that I pull Kara to school in every morning. I’m going to use everything I’ve got for this project.”
“That’s understandable, now what kind of supplies are you going to need?” David leaned forward, interlacing his thick fingers on the table.
“Some lumber, plywood panels, plenty of two by fours and several posts, insulation, some piping; preferably PVC, some concrete, plenty of nails, glue, calking, red bricks, and some double pane glass panels. I will get you a more accurate list in the morning; I still need to plan and draw out everything I have in my head.”
“Sounds like your building a house?” Rhoda jumped in the conversation.
“A small cottage.” He corrected with a smile.
“But why?” She looked frustrated.
“I’ve only told Mark this, but it looks like I need to tell you as well. I need your word that you will not tell anyone. Not a single person can know or the surprise will be ruined, not even Mom can know and especially Kara.” He looked them in the eyes seriously.
“You have our word.” Said Rhoda and David nodded in agreement.
“Sarah and I are now privately engaged. I want to make a small house just for the two of us. After I am finished with everything, I will show it to Sarah as an early wedding present, then I will bring everyone over to see our home.” Connor leaned back in his chair to let this sink in. They grinned at each other and Connor continued “I will also need to use your forge for another side project.”
“I think that we can handle that! Anything else you need from us?” David asked calmly.
Connor then steadied himself. “This last request is going to be more difficult to acquire.”
“Well out with it! I’m getting excited; I’m looking forward to this project.” Rhoda chimed in and began bubbling over with anticipation.
“I need raw silver ore, about the size of my fist.” He balled up his fist to show as an example.
“That might be difficult, as you said.” David said, looking up to think.
“Not for me!” Rhoda blurted out with a gleeful laugh. Grandfather and grandson both looked at her with dumbfounded expressions. It made her laugh harder. “I might be an old woman, but jewelry is still my best friend. I have a girlfriend who owns a jewelry store. She and her husband make everything themselves from raw materials. She buys raw ore and uncut stones all the time. Since I personally financed her store to open a few years ago, she owes me Big. So Connor don’t worry, I will get you that silver on one condition?”
“Anything.” And he meant it.
“Whatever you make from it, I want to see the final product first.”
“Done.” Connor got out of the chair, ran around the table and picked her up in a hug and spun her around saying “Thank You So Much, Grandma.” She giggled ever so happily. Setting her on the ground again and looking at them both, he said honestly “Thank you. Both of you. You will not regret it.”
“Well a good man takes care of his woman and the woman does the same. A relationship won’t work if it’s one sided.” Rhoda said, smiling up at him.
As he left the dining room, Connor overheard his grandfather say to his grandmother “Your right honey, this will be exciting. Well it seems like I need to find some things for him to do around here, huh?”
She said “You’re right, David. He will be upset if we gave it all to him without him feeling like he owes us. I’ll call Monday morning about the ore…”
Entering the study again, he acquired the printouts and drawing instruments and then headed upstairs. Connor spread the papers over the spare bed and began the first step of building a home for Sarah and himself. He first began drawing out the dimensions and estimating the materials he’d need to begin construction.

***

After waving goodbye to her future mate as he left in the red truck with his grandfather, Sarah’s weekend felt so slow. She wouldn’t see him for a month and that thought kept her spirits down. She so badly wanted to be near him and secretly figure out his plans, but that wouldn’t happen.
Waking up Monday morning, she couldn’t keep certain images from her mind. All of the anguish on Connor’s face as he revealed the pattern on his chest and how he was preparing himself for the worst of her expectations, kept being repeated over and over in her mind. His story about how the mark painfully seared into him gave her the chills every time her mind touched the subject. And the relief that washed over him as she told him that she loved him made her melt. The truth was that the mark over his chest made him look even manlier. Rugged and dangerous personified the mark. At least to her it did. His godly musculature and their first real kiss… “I’ll never forget any of it.”
Getting out of bed to get ready for school, Sarah took a steaming hot shower and put on her usual clothes, a silver t-shirt and knee high shorts. “Since you won’t be there, I won’t care how I look.”
Entering the living room, she noticed the lights were on. Sarah’s parents are never up this early in the morning without reason. “Good morning, Sarah.” Jillian announced cheerfully, even at this early hour. Something was happening. She was wearing only her usual red silk robe that tied around her waist and she wasn’t wearing any foot apparel. She sat on the loveseat with a cup of coffee in her hands, looking excited for some reason.
“Morning…” Sarah said while yawning. “Why are you up so early?”
“We have company.” Her face remained neutral.
Now awake and alert to what she said, Sarah asked quietly “At this hour?” And Jillian smiled a playful smile. She was up to something yet again.
Seeing movement in the kitchen Sarah spotted sandy blond hair at the sink. “Connor! Why are you back so soon?” She yelled in excitement.
“Nope! Try again.” Said a chirpy voice and her heart crashed in on itself.
Recognition hit like a truck. “Kara?” she asked skeptically.
“Bingo!” Kara stepped out of the kitchen, wearing a cutoff pink halter top and blue shorts. She held a cup of coffee in one hand and walked past Sarah to sit down with her mother on the sofa. She looked at Jillian and said “Your little sister needs to get her eyes checked. She mistook little ol me, for my gigantic brother. Don’t you agree, Jillian?”
Jillian stole a quick glance at Sarah. “Nah, but she gets ahead of herself when she gets excited… Especially recently.”
Quickly processing what’s going on Sarah figured it out. Connor told Kara that her mother was her sister. Jillian entered her mind and said “Connor is keeping our surreptitious life closed to the public and is keeping up our usual cover story. It seems Jack and I were right in trusting him.”
Only one thing didn’t add up so Sarah asked “Kara, why are you here so early in the morning?”
“Oh, Brother said that while he was gone that you would take me to school.” She looked at Jillian and then back, after realizing the looks they both shared. “He said it would be alright.” Tilting her head to the side she asked “Brother, did ask you right?”
“Of course, I’m sorry I just didn’t remember it. Being so early in the morning I had forgotten.” Jillian hid a giggle in a cough and Sarah thought “I know he didn’t ask me, Mother. We were all there when he left. I don’t see any problems in giving her a ride though.” She knew her mother heard telepathically.
Jillian spoke with her mind “Push her for information. I really want to know what my future son-in-law has up his sleeve.”
“You and me both. He will be my mate remember?” She nodded, catching the drift. And then a light smile touched her lips.
“Kara, would you like to bring a snack with you to school? We have fresh fruit and granola bars.” Jillian was trying to be a good host in her offering.
“I wouldn’t want to impose.” Kara said while leaning away.
Jillian said quickly “No imposition really. We are after all, almost family.”
Kara playfully smacked Jillian’s arm. “Yeah, at the rate Brother and Sarah are heading, we will be. Hey Jillian, have you seen a change in your sister as I have in my brother?”
Kara waited for an answer. Moments later Jillian sat her coffee on the table and leaned back into the sofa. She looked right at her child and her golden eyes began twinkling. “Yes Sarah has changed. She used to be so shy and quiet, unsure of herself as well as looking plain and beaten down.” She smiled a little more brightly. “In the past few weeks after meeting Connor, she radiates happiness. She looks fulfilled and more beautiful as a woman than I ever could have imagined her to ever be. It has been a remarkable change.”
“Mother, is that true?” Jillian gave the slightest nod as a truthful answer. Kara jumped in by saying “Brother, is the same way. He is now really smiling. His head was always down like he was trying to hide. Good luck with that considering his size. He never had anyone in his life that he’s ever liked before. Everyone he’s practically ever met has picked and made fun of him just because he always wears dark clothing and hides his face behind his hair. Now he is confident and happy just being near your sister.”
Jillian nodded in agreement as Kara stood and walked into the kitchen. Sarah walked up to her mother and spoke very quietly. “How long has she been here?”
“About ten or fifteen minutes, I’d wager. I didn’t know who she was until she said she was Connor’s sister. It was hard to imagine because the only thing they share is hair color. I didn’t even try to read her mind just in case she could feel things like your mate-to-be does. I invited her in for a drink and we started talking. You were in the shower when she knocked on the door. She is a good and pleasant child to be around. I like this family and we are finally going to have some fun around here.” She spoke just as quietly.
Shaking her head didn’t help clear the images that sprang forth. “Connor and I are going to be hustled on both ends aren’t we?”
“What else is family for?” Jillian stated with a chuckle.
“Sarah, would you like anything before we leave?” Kara called from behind the kitchen wall.
“She really is a pleasant child, when she isn’t trying to be annoying.” Sarah mused. “I’ll have an apple please.” She called to her with her back to the kitchen. Moments later Sarah heard something whistling through the air.
As she spun to the noise, something red hit her cheek rather hard.
Stunned into stillness, Sarah heard the object hit the ground. Jillian sat stunned, Sarah suspected because she remained silent. Slowly looking down at the object that hit her face and registering it as a red apple, she sighed.
Kara ran up, looking ashamed. “I’m so sorry, Sarah. Did it hurt? It’s a habit of mine. Everyone at my house throws just about everything to each other. It keeps our reflexes sharp and is easier than always walking over. Are you alright?”
Jillian no longer stayed shocked as she laughed and then said “I love this family! It’s never boring or dull being around either one of them.” She giggled and stood up, patting Kara’s back. “Kara, we are going to be great friends. I can just feel it in the air.”
“Thanks Jillian, but are you really alright Sarah?” She still looked worried.
Silently Sarah grasped the fallen apple and stood back up. “Kara, I am alright, but we need to get going.” Kara’s expression said she was truly sorry.
“It was a pleasure to meet you this morning, Kara. Will I get to see you tomorrow morning?” Jillian asked genuinely.
As Kara and Sarah headed towards the garage door she replied “You can count on that, Jillian. At least you will until Brother returns.” Sarah couldn’t hold back a defeated groan or the images of her mother and Connor’s sister becoming the best of friends. Kara heard the noise and grinned. “Get used to it, Sister.”

Shutting the door to the garage, the two of them entered the blue car. They pulled onto the road as Sarah couldn’t help but ask “Have you heard any news about Connor since he left?”
“Not a single word, why?” She said nonchalantly.
“Because I hate it when he isn’t around, but I despise not knowing what he’s doing. It makes me anxious.” Kara made her speak bluntly.
Kara turned in the passenger seat to look at her. “Sarah, even I don’t have an idea about what Brother is up to. He’s being very covert on whatever it is. What I have guessed all on my own is that he isn’t touring any colleges though. He is doing something for you, I bet. Whatever he is planning, it will all be for you, Sarah. I know how annoying it is to wait, but trust my brother and everything will always work out. I know that much. He’s my brother after all.”
“You have a lot of faith in my Connor.”
“You’re Connor?” She began looking at Sarah incredulously and then smiled. “Whatever. It’s not really faith per say, but when Brother had that look in his eyes after leaving your house, I knew he was scheming something massive.”
“This will be the longest month of my existence.” Sarah said under her breath.
“It will all be worth it, Sarah.”
“What is with you and your brother’s hearing.” Sarah shook her head while Kara grinned in a way that said ‘That is our secret!’
They made it to school without problems or traffic. Kara left to meet up with some companions while Sarah needed to go to the front office.

While Sarah stretched on her toes to retrieve her mail in her teacher’s box a deep voice said “Miss Branderson, a word if you don’t mind.” She pulled her arm back and turned around to see the principal waiting outside his office, staring directly at her. They’ve met a few times, straightening out how to fit her in a class as a teacher and all.
“Certainly, but can you reach my mailbox for me. Someone has moved the box I usually stand on and I doubt you’d like me climbing on the table.” She said with humor and didn’t always enjoy her shortness.
He smiled and approached. With his advanced height he effortlessly grabbed the mail out of the top row of teacher boxes. Handing it to her he said “Here you go. I’ll see about having another teacher who’s taller trade with you so your trouble will be lessened.” As Sarah slid the fliers and teacher mail in a folder he said “Now can we have a talk?”
She nodded and together they entered his office. She sat in one of the three chairs while he moved around the desk to drop in his leather seat. She put her paperwork on the desk, knowing something like this was bound to happen. “So what do you need from me?”
The principal leaned back, lacing his fingers together and setting them on his lap. “I won’t hold you long since class is about to begin in twenty minutes.” Then his tone turned calm and serious. “I’ve been hearing word of an incident and altercation in your class that happened last Friday and some of it sounds to be fabricated, but I wouldn’t be doing my job if I didn’t understand the situation. I even got a call from the mayor wanting evidence to the situation. Apparently his son Mathew was physically assaulted by Mr. Mark Connolly. That in itself was hard to believe since he is one of our top students and has never caused this school any grief, but another other story I’ve heard is that Mr. Connor May would have done much more if you hadn’t intervened…”
“Let me stop you there.” Sarah said calmly and the principal inclined his head to allow her to speak. She has been rehearsing if this situation came to pass. She felt glad she did because her feelings for Connor would have jeopardized her standing and caused her to falter. “If you want to hear what really happened I’ll tell you.” With another nod she explained everything that transpired, leaving out only that she touched Connor to bring his senses back. The principal listened patiently to the events, showing little emotion. He has been at this job for quite some time. “After Mathew ran away, the class remained till the final bell.”
“So Mr. May caught you before you hit the ground because of Mathew pulled the desk out from under you intentionally? He did this because of a failing test grade? And before Mr. May attacked Mathew, Mr. Connolly stepped in and punched him?”
“Yes, that is how it happened.”
He leaned forward and wrote on a notepad that resided on the large mahogany desk. He then looked up and asked “I can overlook the actions of Mr. May and Connolly because they were looking out for your well being, but assaulting a teacher is a serious matter. How would you like to proceed, Miss Branderson?”
“If it weren’t for the actions of Connor or Mark I would have been injured or worse. As such, since the event didn’t harm anyone I don’t see any reason to press charges at this time. Mark already dealt the appropriate punishment for Mathew’s actions, in my opinion. But if something happens again I will press charges.”
The man’s eyes narrowed slightly. “No legal actions? If that is your wish I’ll accept it, but might I also request to have Mathew transferred to another class?”
Sarah sighed. “I don’t believe so because I’m mature enough to put this matter to rest. Anyway I’d rather keep him in class so that I can always see him.”
“That is mature…” then the first bell rang, showing how long they had been speaking. Sarah grabbed her paperwork and stood. As she reached for the door the principal asked “What is your relationship with Mr. May?”
Suddenly she stopped with a hand on the doorknob. Her heart raced at what the implications were. She quickly thought up “He’s my neighbor who lived across the street, why?” Sarah then turned to see the man leaning back and smiling admirably at her.
“Miss Branderson, I heard from a student you touched his cheek to have him look down on you. I’ve known him for many years as the target for many childish and deplorable pranks by the students, but this has been the first case that he has shown he would fight back. Once, I came upon him getting beaten by four football players, but I was too far away to intervene. I yelled and started running. By the time I was close enough the students responsible were gone, but I stood transfixed as Mr. May simply stood up and brushed off his clothes. I had never in my life seen someone take a beating like that and simply brush it off. Never once has he complained or sought help. Many teachers despise him and even more students target him, thinking he’s a pushover, but what I saw that day told me otherwise. I just want you to know I’m grateful that you stopped him before he unleashed himself upon Mathew. A boy that big snapping would not be easy to restrain, even if the bully’s deserve it. He is a nice kid, but troubled. If you see him don’t tell him about this.”
Deeply touched, Sarah had finally found someone here who didn’t demean the man she loved. She then said “Well that won’t be much of a problem because for the next month he is visiting colleges.”
“Really? Good for him. Alright Miss Branderson, off to class. We both need to get to work. I’ll also see about moving your cubby lower, for your own safety.” He smiled and gestured for her to leave. She did.

Most of the school day went by rather quickly which greatly surprised her. Sarah began feeling lonely before the last class started. Mark was the first student to enter the classroom and he stepped closer like he had something on his mind.
Wearing a silver shirt and black pants matched well with his black spiky hair and silver eyes. “Ms. Sarah, may I please change my seating arrangement to sit closer to the front of the class?”
“Is there a problem with your current seating arrangement?”
“No there aren’t any problems like that, but I made a promise to someone.” He was wearing a ghost of a smile and she guessed what it meant.
“And just who might that be?” “Like I have to really ask?”
“Why your fiancé of course… Who else is there?” He was now smiling broadly and trying not to laugh. His jaw muscles flexed as he restrained himself.
“My Fiancé!” Sarah’s green eyes widened to their maximum and her heart started to beat erratically. “He told you?” Sounding breathless was all she could manage to speak like.
“He told only me about him revealing his chest to you. You saw past it because you loved him.” A sly smile appeared. “I want to know what you thought when he took off his top.”
“I thought he looked Godly with all of those muscles. And the mark on his chest makes him look… I cannot begin to describe how it effects me.” Rambling on wasn’t panning out for her because her heart ached with him not being here.
“Well we are in total agreement about that. I wouldn’t want to ever get in a fight with him, especially if he was protecting you.” He winked, knowing what could have happened to Mathew without his timely intervention. “Your overprotective fiancé asked me to keep an eye on you while he was away. Don’t worry I will not tell anyone where your fiancé really is.”
“Thank you Mark… Wait a minute…Did he tell you what he’s planning?” Mark’s teeth were set in a blazing grin. “You do! Tell me or at least please give me a hint.” Sarah began pleading for at least a miniscule size of a hint.
“Yes I know what he’s doing because he told me. Sorry, but I can’t spoil his plans.” He remained smiling in a knowing way.
As the students filled the class, Sarah spotted Mathew as he was the last to enter the classroom. Her mood darkened immediately at seeing the deplorable child. Just because he didn’t study and failed a single test didn’t give one cause to do as he did. Mark saw him as well from the corner of his eye. Mathew’s eyes looked to still have a slow smoldering fire once he saw her. A bright purple bruise displayed on his chin. Mark stepped between them casually, but it wasn’t casual at all. His left fist clenched tightly yet the rest of his body looked relaxed. Mark said happily “Hey Mathew how’s the jaw feeling?” it was clearly evident that the purple mark wasn’t from paint on his left jaw line.
The class was sitting quietly and watching the drama unfold before them. Sarah stepped in front of Mark to say “Mark, you may change your seat to the front.” She looked up at Mathew and his smug sneer didn’t vanish. “I didn’t get a chance to speak with you about last Friday. I will let your actions slide only this once because no one was seriously injured and you got what you deserved. Now! If you try anything like that again,” she stepped into his personal space and looked up at him while being shadowed by Mark. Though she was short she was still slightly stronger than he, but he didn’t realize that. “you will be expelled without graduating for physically assaulting a teacher. No college will pick you up on that fancy football scholarship with that on your permanent record.” His face paled at the promise. Sarah was past threats at this point.
She wasn’t about to be a pushover of a teacher anymore.
Stepping away from Mathew and to the front board, she still seethed with anger. “Ok everyone let’s get started.” Mathew sat in his seat while Mark moved his materials forward to a vacant desk.
Sarah began writing on the board when a girl asked aloud “Ms. Sarah. Where is Connor today?” 
Her frustration could no longer being contained from his absence. Sarah turned to the students and she placed both of her hands on top of her desk to keep her anger in check. “Pardon my bluntness, but why do any one of you care about him now?” Everyone in the class was stunned into silence at the question. “When I first came here I noticed that everyone in this school disliked him, except for Mark here.” Sarah pointed to him sitting in front of her, as protection from Mathew. “All of you children treated him like a freak, an outcast of your pathetic social societies or disposed like trash. You pushed him down, beat him, poured drinks on him and you even made fun of him when he answers a question honestly. More to the fact that everything he said was one hundred percent accurate. Not a single person in here could answer like he did let alone know what he meant. If the technological world came to an end he would have the best chance at survival. The rest of you would be eaten by some predator, crying for your mommies to save you.
“None of you know what he has been through and survived. You can’t say anything otherwise because I have seen your pathetic and immature actions personally.” Sarah looked at every student in their eyes as her rant continued. Some looked down or away and some fidgeted in their chairs. “Everyone saw how he caught and rescued me from falling on Friday. I should warn you, Connor let you do those despicable things to him. If he was serious, not one person in this school would stand a chance against him.” Straightening up, she walked around her desk so she could lean against it with her arms crossed. “All of you need to grow the hell up! If you don’t, I can guarantee that you will have miserable lives and you can only blame yourself.” Now she spoke calmly after feeling the pressure ease off of her chest. “Connor will be away for a month if you are wondering. He is traveling around to look at different colleges. Now are their anymore questions before I get started with the lesson?”
“Sounds to me that there is something going on between The Black Sheep and the teacher.” Mathew said in a condescending tone.
“Oh now that’s it!” But Mark spoke before she did and without looking at Mathew. “You better stop while only three people want to beat the hell out of you, Mathew.”
“Wow only three?” He sounded unconcerned in his mocking.
“Yeah only three because Ms. Sarah’s fiancé wants a piece of you before Connor, Ms. Sarah or I do.” Sarah saw Mathew’s face go sheet white at hearing this for the first time. “Ha I bet you didn’t think about me actually being engaged; even if it is to my one and only Connor.”
Now Mark turned in his seat to look directly at him. “Yes I said fiancé. He and Conner are quite close. And let’s just say for clarification, if you don’t get over yourself and grow up, he might actually kill you if you ever do anything to his betrothed again. If you thought my buddy Connor scared you, I would like you to meet her fiancé when he’s really pissed.” He pointed at her as she smiled weakly.
Wanting to get away from this subject she said “Now anymore drama before we start class?” All of the students were quite quiet and ready to begin the lesson.
Mark began writing on his paper after turning back around. Sarah walked up to the board and started writing their assignment, as she finished and turned around, Mark had his paper lifted, facing it in her direction. It read ‘Thank you for standing up for him. Everyone in this school needs a lecture from you.’ She nodded in appreciation and for his save with the whole fiancé thing. He smiled and the rest of the lecture went smoothly.

The rest of the month went slowly and smoothly after that. Every day Kara and she went to school and back. Mark always stayed close during class, like a loyal lieutenant. Only one saying kept her spirits up as she woke every morning. “One day less until I get to see my fiancé.”

***

Connor’s eyes eventually opened in the dense woods on Monday morning as he began remembering this past weekend.
On Friday he caught Sarah before she was injured in a fall. That night meeting her mother Jillian was odd as she made Sarah and himself sleep in each other arms that night. In the morning of the next day, he found out that not only that she is immortal, but also a Balancer.
Looking up into a clear sky morning he smiled. “My fiancé…” Connor spoke softly to no one in particular. After showing Sarah his chest and asking her to be with him was one thing, but the answer she gave was all together something else. She actually tackled him to the ground and kissed him passionately. Every cell in his body screamed in excitement from her answer.
It was pure ecstasy.
Connor stood up from the tree that he slept in for a few hours and looked around the terrain. “This place is perfect.” He then dropped to the ground.
Connor spent all of Saturday night awake, studying and making a list of all of the materials that are required for the cottage as well as drawing out a blueprint as a reference to the design of the home he’d make. Sunday morning arrived, and still feeling awake Connor took a quick shower and made some breakfast for himself.
He left the list of materials at the end of the table as he ate the morning meal. David stretched as he walked in a little later and saw the list on the table. He picked the parchment up and whistled “Did you stay up all night to make such an accurate inventory?”
“Yes sir, I did. Will there be any problems with the list?” Studying the items carefully David replied “Hmm… not a problem. I will have everything that you will need by tomorrow afternoon.”
“Thanks, I really mean it. I will be back tomorrow Granddaddy and don’t worry I’m just doing a little scouting to look for the perfect destination for my project.” Connor stood, grabbed Tool off of his bag and slid it into his beltline.
“Ha, I’m more worried about anything that might cross your path.” He patted Connor’s back as he was trying to leave. Rhoda entered the room during that moment, with a small bag and said “Wait a moment. I made you something to eat, just incase…” Connor took it and hugged her and his grandfather before waving goodbye. “I’ll see you tomorrow and everything will be ready when you get back.”
After leaving his grandparents, Connor jogged easily for three hours down the road before cutting into the dense forest, teeming with abundant life. Now being so close to home and to Sarah made the situation somewhat dangerous to his future plans. Although being within five miles of Sarah lifted his mood and spirits he needed to remain focused and not discovered.
Searching for the perfect place to build a home is never easy. The terrain around this area can be too thick with trees or the soil can be too rocky to support a home. The natural streams that flow around here can be tricky. Some rarely change in depth while others can become raging torrents after a slow rain shower. Knowing how to tell the difference is easy, the dangerous streams leave marks higher up their banks, to reveal a tree’s roots. Water erosion is always tricky business. Also those dangerous streams have river stones that are completely smooth from the rushing water.
Connor searched the entire day and most of the night, only stopping to relieve himself. The only time he ate was when he needed to take a small break and rest. Then he began searching again.
Almost losing hope in the search, he finally found the perfect place.
During the night he came upon a small clearing that held a steady stream on the east side of it. Walking over to the clear stream and scooping a handful of sediment and rocks from the water, Connor noticed that the water was pure from just a simple taste. Now studying the stones, he came to the conclusion that the water moves quickly and steadily because the rocks are still somewhat rough. It was a great sign. He walked up and down the banks of the stream to notice that the stream was spring fed. It meant that the stream will not dry up nor that it held any pathogens to get sick on. The roots on the banks were still covered by soil meaning that the level of the water doesn’t rise too much after a rain. Taking a stick to see the average depth of the water revealed that it came up to his chest.
The trees surrounding the natural clearing were not only thick enough to hide one’s presence, but they would also minimize any noises that he might make during the building process. The grass that covered the ground grew wild yet it remained soft and pleasant to the touch.
Under the starry sky Connor checked the grassy ground where he would attempt to lay the foundation. He scooped a hand into the soil, trying to see how much reinforcement that would be needed to use for the framing of the structure. Surprisingly, instead of the usual rocky soil, it was hard packed dirt. Perfect as place as any for building purposes. He went to sleep not too long after being relieved to find the ideal location and also being so close to Sarah. Guessing at where he was, it would be a ten to fifteen minute walk from here to there.
After Connor ended his reminiscing of the weekend he ran through the woods to avoid all traces of civilization.

He burst through the tree line of his grandparent’s property around noon and then walked into their house.
“Connor, is that you?” Rhoda called from the entertainment room.
“Yes ma’am, I’m back.” he walked in after taking his dirty shoes off.
“Are you hungry? Did you find what you were searching for?”
“Always and yes ma’am I did.” He flashed her a smile and she smiled back.
“Good, now come with me.” She stood and he followed her into the kitchen. She started making a ham sandwich as Connor made a glass of ice water. “Tell me what you found.” Handing the sandwich over, he told her everything about the natural clearing while eating.
“Sounds like a very romantic place. Oh I almost forgot, David called not too long ago and said that he found, and was able to buy, everything on your list. He will be home in the late afternoon.”
After the meal vanished Connor said “Then I’d better get started on my end of the agreement.” Drinking the last of the water in his glass he stood and asked “What do you need done around here?” She handed a list of things over that they needed help on. She waved as he went outside.
The first thing on the list was to fix the leak in the cattle’s barn roof. Grabbing a ladder, some shingles, tar and roofing nails, he climbed up to the top of the roof. After stripping the old warped shingles off and using the hammer side of Tool, Connor repaired the leaky roof. Coming down the aluminum ladder he saw the hay in the barn had the faint odor of mildew. A quick look revealed it to be beyond any opportunity to be salvaged as a food source for the cattle. He went on to do that task, even if it wasn’t on the list.
After scooping all of the unusable hay out of the barn and putting it in the compost heap, he heard his grandfather’s truck pulling into the property.
Now finished with the first task on the list, Connor jogged over to take a look at the supplies that just arrived. Pulling off the green tarp of the trailer, David spoke. “I triple checked and made sure that I acquired everything to the exact specifications to your list.” Now he stood right beside his grandson. “What have you done since you left yesterday morning?” Connor told him about the clearing and finishing the barn and removing the hay he chuckled. “I didn’t realize it got wet. Thanks for clearing it all out. If you didn’t my cattle probably would have gotten sick. On another note, when are you going to start building your cottage?”
“Looking at your list Granddaddy, I would say that after it’s complete… about a week. That will give me three weeks of solid working time.” He was still scanning over the trailer as he answered his question.
“One week!” David shook his head once Connor looked up at him. “Are you even going to sleep at night, Son? It will take me a month to do all the chores on the list your grandma and I made together.”
Connor smiled and tapped the paper. “I will do everything on the list, this week.” He returned the list back into his back pocket. “I’ll rest when I need to, but any other part of my day will be focused on these tasks.”
He smiled proudly. “Well if you are that determined, I won’t stop you, good luck and don’t kill yourself.” After patting his shoulder and going inside the house, Connor noticed a box that wasn’t on the list.
After taking out the box that was placed into the trailer, he took the letter off the top. Opening the letter it read ‘Connor this is my gift to you. All of these supplies didn’t cost any more than nine hundred dollars, I got these supplies at a great bargain. I know that you still feel obligated to work off this debt, but you need to think about you and Sarah. I only ask that you do only the top six assignments and your debt is paid in full. If I hired someone they’d charge twice what these supplies cost. In this box is a gift I bought for you… P.S. don’t let your grandma see it or I’ll get another goose egg added to my skull.” Setting the letter down and opening the box, Connor laughed. Inside the box were a case of condoms and a brand new chocolate brown silk bed sheets. On the condoms wrote “Good luck. You’ll need it, Son. I expect great grandchildren one day, but not just yet.” “You sly old dog, I’ll get you back one day.” Connor covered the cottage supplies back up with the green tarp and smiled upon entering their house. 
Within five days, the six assignments were completed. On Tuesday, he repaired the cattle’s fence and feeding troughs. Wednesday, he cut the entire sixty acre farm with the tractor and bush hog and weeded his grandmother’s garden. Thursday, Connor cleaned every room in their house including the ceiling and attic. Friday, he cleaned the forge barn and all of the tools and equipment. Finally on Saturday, he helped his grandfather load a quarter of the cattle and take them up to the market to be sold.

Sunday morning his grandfather sat alone with him eating breakfast. He sighed “Looks like you are finished with everything now aren’t you?”
“Yes sir.” Adding a smile, Connor said evenly “By the way, thank you for your generous gift.”
“So you like them do you?” His sly smile crept in and his blue eyes twinkled mischievously.
“It was generous and a little twisted, but yes I liked them.”
“Good, now Connor, on to business. What else do you need?” He became all businesslike once again.
Folding his arms over his abdomen Connor said “I will require one last thing. Your truck for at least part of the way.”
“Part of the way?” His bushy gray eyebrows furrowed together.
“Yes, when I tell you to pull off the road, I’ll do all the rest ok.” He nodded, still looking slightly uncertain.

Rhoda packed a large cooler full of food for his day and Connor set the cooler in the trailer. “I will see you tomorrow and have more ready for you then.” She kissed his cheek as he was about to leave. Before Connor left with David, he grabbed some of his tools; a shovel, post-hole diggers, sledge hammers, a machete, a sharpened scythe and a few other necessities.
As they drove along the road, Connor spotted the best place to pull off. A hidden trail he knew well sat just large enough for the trailer to fit through and Connor knew that it came very close to the clearing he discovered. Connor eventually pointed “Right here Granddaddy, this is far enough.” David decelerated and pulled off the road and came to a complete stop. He put the truck in neutral and said “Out here huh? It’s quite close.” After he smiled he said. “If you need me, I’ll be home all day.” He shook Connor’s hand for good luck.
Getting out of the cabin, Connor unlatched the trailer off the ball hitch of the truck. He waived at his grandfather in the rear view mirror saying “That’s it Granddaddy. Goodbye.” David pulled away without another word, but he waved back before disappearing.
Pulling out the chest harness and attaching it to a loop in the frame, Connor pulled the slack out and felt just how heavy all of it was. Struggling to get it moving, he used almost all of his leg strength to get some forward momentum. Finally gaining a firm foothold, he pulled the trailer and its weighty contents onto the hidden trail. The resistance of the grass along the path wasn’t cause for much concern.
Pulling nonstop for over an hour, Connor eventually needed a moments rest and sat down on the still trailer, he opened the cooler and took out three bananas and a granola bar. After relieving himself and noticing the spring temperature climbing hotter, he took off his shirt and continued to pull for another hour and a half, up and down the winding trail.
Knowing that the first hurdle was over, he stopped on the trail and pulled out the machete and started hacking the foliage in one clear direction. The perfect clearing that he found last week laid about a five minute’s walk from where he stood. Needing to get the trailer closer to it meant that he needed to clear a path wide enough for it to fit through. Lucky he only needed to hack at some shrubs and saplings rather than solid and mature trees. It took around two hours to properly clear and clean out a new path. He finally got the trailer as far in as possible due to the clearing being only a minute’s walk away and surrounded by trees and streams. The trailer couldn’t go in any further because a deep stream flowed in the trailer’s path and couldn’t be avoided.
Finished with the pulling of the trailer, he walk into the clearing and headed for the stream to cool off and get a decent drink. After resting for a short while against a shady tree, Connor stood and walked back to the trailer and grabbed the scythe and shovel.
Returning to the clearing again and using the scythe to cut the untamed grass, took about an hour to complete. Using the shovel, he cut into the soil and made a shallow outline of the entire cottage. When that was finished he made multiple trips, carrying the post-hole diggers and all of the posts over his shoulder, an empty five gallon bucket and three bags of concrete. After digging the post’s holes at each of the four primary corners and walking to fill the bucket with water, he mixed in several bags of quick-dry concrete and poured it down the holes to set the posts. It was getting dark as he headed back to his grandparent’s and let the concrete harden. There wasn’t anything he could do until tomorrow anyways.
It was a great start for the first day of work.

Over the next week, Connor put up all of the outside walls and hammered in the trusses for the roof.
Working late one night, during the rise of a crescent moon, Connor suddenly felt a presence watching him from the darkness. Working shirtless on the roof while hammering in one of the trusses all of the fine hairs on the back of his neck stood up. “Someone or something is watching me, but I didn’t hear anything make the approach. I know it’s not my imagination.” Knowing exactly where it was, with Tool in his hand Connor spun around instantly and intentionally threw it to the closest tree where the watching visitor hid.
Slamming deeply into the tree, Tool stuck in the trunk by its hatchet side. The creature stood from moving from the sudden strike…“Wait stood… It is a person…?” “Who’s there? You’re very good. I didn’t hear you sneak up on me. Next time try and hide your presence!”
“Very good Connor, you missed me on purpose. Did you not?” A familiar voice said from the shadow.
“It couldn’t be…could it?” “What are you doing here, Jack?” The shadow walked over and pulled out Tool from the tree and he threw it back up to Connor. Catching it by the handle and sliding it into his belt loop, Connor jumped off the roof just as Sarah’s silver haired father entered the moonlit clearing.





Feeling and Acting

“I have to admit that your reactions and instincts are well honed to notice me in this situation.” Jack said as he walked up to Connor. He looked at the construction work and seemed impressed.
“I will not ask again, Jack. Why are you here?” Connor looked at him directly, feeling trapped and at the whims of a man he didn’t fully understand.
“Calm down, Child. I meant you no harm. I’ve heard a strange sound all week and came to investigate tonight. I was bored today because Jillian had to run errands in the city, so I decided to come to take a look.” He smiled in the moonlight, wearing a fire red t-shirt and black shorts with no shoes. “I didn’t hear the clarity of your hammering until three minutes before I arrived here. This is a well thought out location and quite beautiful to look at if I might add.”
“Let’s go sit over here and talk.” He nodded as he followed Connor over the stream, to rest on the trailer’s rear step. Sighing in defeat, Connor grabbed two sodas out of the cooler “Well are you going to tell Sarah or Jillian about this?” and handed him one.
“I will not. This is your courting surprise for my daughter is it not?” He popped the tab and took a quick drink.
“This is only part of her surprise…. Well what do you think about it, Jack?” he raised an arm towards the construction.
“Luckily I am a good actor and my mate cannot read my mind or we would both would get into trouble with our mates.” He looked up at the moon as he spoke with a gentle smile.
“How so, Jack?” Connor asked despite his element of surprise being ruined.
“Remember our last conversation about how Balancer’s and our mates cannot read the others mind?” He began quizzing.
“Of course, but they can still read your emotions through the bond you share and they know what direction you are always in, and the distance separating the two of you.” Connor proved that he paid attention to the story.
“Very good, Connor, Jillian was right about how adept you are. Sarah will enjoy this surprise very much.” He looked down at the boy with ageless eyes to ask “You want to know something?”
Connor answered with “That all depends on what you have to say.”
“And that would be the contingent?” 
“I don’t want to know anything about being a Balancer or what it entails. I would like to hear what it’s like directly from Sarah, but anything else you want to tell me, I’m game.”
Jack smiled pleasantly. “That is quite understandable, Connor. I just wanted you to know that I too built a home for my love before I became a Balancer, just as you are doing for my daughter. Over the centuries I’ve made many, but in England my first still stands.” He smiled, thinking back to a time long before Connor forefathers even existed.
“That’s interesting, but I do have a question if you don’t mind my asking?” he asked man to man.
Jack took his eyes off the moon to look at him “What’s on your mind, Child?”
“Is it too much to ask about your past? Where you were born, how you lived? And how you met your mate?” Connor asked in honesty because he didn’t know anything about the man except that he’s Sarah’s father and Jillian’s mate.
Jack chuckled quietly. “It is no problem to ask me, but do not go asking my mate or she will never shut up until you hear every little detail.” He leaned back to get comfortable and gazed at the moon again to tell this story.
“I was born over seven hundred years ago to an Icelandic fishing family. That is why my hair is silver and my eyes are a blue-green. It was a trademark of my people. I made fishing nets and large boats with my father and cousin until I turned sixteen, which was the age you became a man in those days. I joined an English military at seventeen and I fought and survived battle after battle, with little more than a scratch from my skirmish. On my thirtieth summer, I became a military commander and after my promotion, I was commissioned by the church’s bishop to raze a village suspected of witchcraft.
“As I saw helpless women and children getting slaughtered for no reason I went berserk and killed half of my own men, after I specifically ordered them to not kill the women and younglings. As I fought one of my subordinates; another came up and stabbed me in the back…literally.” He lifted the back of his shirt to reveal a three inch scar just above his right kidney. “You aren’t the only one with battle scars.” He pointed to Connor’s exposed and sweaty chest. “A man, shorter and bulkier than I, rescued me from the finishing blow and took me back to his home. He was able to save my life and I owed him my services for a life debt.
“I became his family’s personal soldier. It was only later that I found out that he was a Balancer and so was his mate. Ten years later, in my fortieth summer, I met their youngest daughter, Jillian. She was so young and beautiful yet little did I know that she was already thirty summers older than I.
“One day a small troop of fifteen solders arrived at our village. As I fought to repay my debt to Jillian’s father, she was being cornered by two armored solders and she didn’t have the strength that she has now. I killed the two of them with one swing of my weapon. As they fell, I picked up Jillian and ran her away from the battle. Keeping her safe and in my arms, we fell instantly in love with each other. Her parents made it out as well and they gave me their blessing for the two of us to be together. Even if they are a little…demanding.” He strained the last word.
“Before becoming a mate to Jillian, I too built her a home for the two of us.” Jack looked down from the moon as his story ended. “By the way would you like me to assist you on this project?”
Connor stared at the silver haired man. “Did you have any help building a home for you and Jillian?”
“No, I did not… I see… I understand.” He smiled in understanding that this is a man’s personal project and both understood the reasoning. “Do not worry, Child. I will keep your secrets about this to myself and I never even saw you tonight. I just went for a walk and saw some animals. You have my word.”
“That was a good story and I would like to hear more one day, but I need to finish up and get some rest.” Jack stood without a word and left him alone with a wave of his hand. Before Connor knew what happened, Sarah’s father had disappeared from his side in an instant.

Over the next three weeks the cottage stood nearly complete and furnished. Finished with the roof and flooring that had been crafted out of hardwood, Connor shaped the doors, molding, windows, and insulated the walls. He built a kitchen with a sink and a self-contained indoor plumbing system. He even made a fireplace out of red brick and mortar for the long winters they would surely face. He painted the interior walls a healthy shade light brown and it came as an easy choice because Sarah’s hair color matched the natural scheme. He crafted all of the furniture using everything that was left over scrap, from the dining room table to making a king sized bed frame. He sat the new king sized bed onto its new frame and looking at the green drapes, Connor said to himself “Almost finished.”
The hardest project that took the most time was in making a water wheel that created enough electricity to power a kitchen fridge, lights and the water systems. Connor built the water wheel over the stream that ran beside the house. The most difficult part was lifting the four hundred pound wheel up and sliding in the axle into the exact center of the wheel without losing his grip and it falling on him.
After laying the silk sheets that his grandfather bought on the bed, he walked and sat down in the newly made chairs and the new table. Grabbing a plank of wood, a fine tooth chisel and Tool he started to woodwork a design for something ironic with Sarah and her parents. After the image came to life he nailed it over the eve of the front door.
And he smiled in satisfaction, knowing all was complete.

Returning to his grandparent’s farm, Connor walked inside and asked his grandmother, who laid on the couch reading some kind of romance novel “Grandma, I was wondering if I could take a few of your plants from the flower garden to put around the cottage. The place needs a little color.”
Closing her book she looked up with a smile. “That will be fine, but please don’t take too many. I like my house to be colorful too.” Connor left the inside and collected a variety of flowers that will go well with Sarah’s personality and beauty.

Two days later the cottage was ready for occupancy. Connor cleaned up around the cottage and anything that he didn’t use he threw back inside the trailer. His estimates were ideally close and very little material remained after all came to a close. David met Connor at the road as he pulled the now remarkably light trailer out of the brush and attached the trailer to the hitch on his truck.
Exhausted, Connor closed his eyes on the way back to the house. David tapped his grandson’s shoulder saying “Were home, Son. Go and take a hot shower and get some much needed sleep.”
As Connor stood out of the truck, he said weakly “I need it, thank you again.”
“There is no need for thanks, just get some rest, Son.”
Connor slowly walked into their home, not noting anything or anyone. Heading into the shower, he could feel every muscle in agony and some revealed themselves that he never knew existed. He took his clothes off and fell into the shower feeling the hot water erase the pain of his aching body. After finally stepping out of the relaxing shower, he changed clothes. And hunger pains needed to be filled, but sleep won out. Connor fell asleep within moments after falling onto the bed and didn’t awaken until morning.

As he finally awoke, he noticed that his muscles no longer ached. Connor walked down the steps and into the kitchen where Rhoda stood busy, cooking up something that smelled absolutely delicious. “Looks like the dead can awake for my cooking after all.” She chuckled and she wore a blue and white striped shirt along with silver spandex pants.
“You mean to say that I look that good?” She chuckled a little more.
Eggs, bacon and sausage with homemade bread quickly appeared on the kitchen table. “Oh Connor, there is a gift for you on the table.” She pointed with her spoon to a blue bag sitting on the table filled with blue stuffing paper.
He walked over and picked the bag up by its draw strings. “It’s really heavy.” Connor didn’t notice that the kitchen sounds had stopped. He pulled out the paper to see something dark and mildly reflective inside the bag. He reached in and pulled the heavy object out, it took up all the space of his hand. It was solid and dark with a slight amount of luster. “This can’t be!” “Grandma, is this the silver I asked for a month ago?”
“It sure is. I wanted to give it to you first thing yesterday, but when you came home you were so tired you couldn’t acknowledge little old me. You’re so like David, working yourselves to death. I held it for you till now.” She now stood directly behind him, enjoying his sincere expression.
“But this is bigger than my fist.” It was the size of a fist and a half.
“I told you that I would pull through for you, didn’t I? Oh and if it is too much ore you can just make something for me out of whatever is left.” She hugged his back.
“I just cannot even begin to thank you both for everything that you two have done for me. I haven’t forgotten about the agreement for this.” Connor tossed the metal in the air while smiling. Now the last project could get underway without delay.
After eating six scrambled eggs and several of the meats, Connor walked outside and into the smoldering forge. Inside the forge is a metal smelter that needs to be hand pumped by the billows. Its fuel is fire wood and charcoal. On the sooty walls hung many sets of tongs, hammers and chisels for many different carving and shaping purposes. Six troughs sat side by side, each filled with a different ink color used for quenching the metal to cool quickly. There are several stands meant for different metal bending and sizing options. Connor walked over to the smelter and used the tongs to grab a perpetually red hot melting cup. Setting the cup on the anvil made a slight hissing sound as he threw in the silver ore. After placing the cup back into the flames, pumping the billows a few times and adding a few logs, he grabbed two molding buckets.
Connor measured his upper arm with a chilled Bees wax ring and shaved it down into a flat circular ring before he got started on Sarah’s trinket. He remembered her ankle size so he made another circular ring out of the cold wax as well. Lost wax casting is a simple way to make special objects. Filling up each of the molding buckets with quick drying cement, he began placing each ring into each bucket, he submerged them only centimeters into the cement to cover them.
When the metal ore had completely melted over a period of a few hours, Connor scooped out all of the impurities that floated to the top. After that, he used the tongs to hold the melted silver and pour almost half of the red hot metal onto the now dry cement. As the silver burned away the wax, it replaced it and made a perfect casting in the cement. He used the same technique for his bucket. He then sat both buckets outside the forge for the metal to cool and solidify.
Eventually the silver cooled and he used a rounded hammer to carefully break open the castings. After removing the last of the concrete and grabbing the tongs, Connor picked up Sarah’s newly formed anklet and put it into the heater again and removed it when it started to glow an iridescent red. The concrete that clung to the metal either burned or flaked off. Grabbing several hardened files of different abrasions and setting the still hot ring in a pair of clamps, he started shaping and smoothing.
Starting with a rough abrasion file, he shaved off all of the visible burrs. After warming the metal up again, Connor used a finer file to smooth away all of the more subtle bumps and bulges. After a third firing the shaving was complete and now it needed to have a design. Using the finest blade and point on a chisel, a pattern started to appear on the anklet in the shape of what looked like a braded rope, but actually it was a continuous and linked X in the same shape of the mark of his chest. Using the dark black ink in one of his grandfather’s ink troughs, he painted in the crossing lines black with a brush, revealing the continuous black X and leaving the rest with the natural silver color. After the final firing to burn away the excess ink and setting the color into the metal, he began to polish the entire ring by hand until it had a beautiful sheen and it was finally complete. It became very dark outside as Connor realized that it has taken all day to do this one piece of jewelry. It was truly worth all the time it took.

The next morning Connor started to work on his armlet before dawn even broke. Instead of a circular anklet ring, his armlet was a flat ring that fit just over the muscles on his upper left arm. Using most of the same methods to remove the burrs and polishing techniques, the shape quickly took on the desired look. The only difference was the design placed upon the jewelry, using the fine tipped chisel again he made a perfect pentagram and between each point of the star he painstakingly designed a symbol for each of the elements; a tear drop for Liquid, a flame for Fire, mountains for Terra, a perfect circle for Pressure and finally a small diagram for Metal. After the armlet was finally complete Connor slid it over his arm and it fit perfectly, even as he covered it over with his sleeve. Due to the designs being too intricate he was unable to give the armlet any color, but it didn’t matter because it looked fine without it.
With only a little amount of silver left over Connor was able to create his grandmother a proper gift.

Later that early afternoon at the dinner table his grandfather asked “The way you look tells me that everything is finished on all of your projects.” Connor replied proudly. “Yes sir, all of my plans are complete.” A smile crossed his face.
“Really, everything is done?” Rhoda asked and he knew what the expression meant. “Even your other project as well?”
Connor didn’t answer her with words because he had to uphold the bargain with her as well. He leaned down and picked up two wooden boxes; which he crafted with the leftover wood from the cabin. Sitting across from his grandparents, he first revealed the larger box, opening it his grandmother gasped. “Oh how beautiful, you are a terrific craftsman my boy. Is that for Sarah?” He nodded with a smile. Connor handed the other smaller box over to her because it was her present from him. As she opened the box she pulled out a pendant in the shape of a rose bud with a small ring at the bottom for a thin necklace chain to be threaded through. “You better enjoy it, that thing was difficult to make.” “Oh Connor it’s beautiful, but the amount of silver I obtained should be more than these two trinkets. Where is the rest?” Sliding up his left sleeve up to the shoulder, David smiled and whistled.
“These are masterpieces, Son. Especially that one on your arm.” Smiling, he added “So, when are you leaving to go back to your family and to see Sarah?”
Not wanting to drag this along “Today. I miss them too much and I’m not one to just sit by and wait.”
After the meal and exchanging hugs and other pleasantries Connor told them to be at his mother’s house around noon for the public opening. David drove him home to expedite the plans before nightfall. At around five in the evening they arrived at the house on Friday afternoon. School would be out for the weekend and both teachers and students would already be home. Connor walked inside his house with the filled duffle bag, Tool and the chest harness, but he first need to clean up from working at the forge all day. 
Connor shut the front door and Kara yelled happily “BROTHER! You’re home!” Kara ran from the kitchen and tried to tackle him without any success again. Her spirit was refreshing and missed. She hugged him as tightly as her spindly little arms could manage. “I missed you, Brother. Are you finished with whatever surprise you have up your sleeve?”
“How did you know I was doing a surprise?” He asked before thinking.
“Well Sarah’s sister Jillian said that you have been up to something, but I figured out that it’s for Sarah myself.” She released her hug and stepped back to look at him. She was looking very happy.
Connor sighed because he couldn’t ever lie directly to his little sister. Keeping information away and secret, that was simple. “Yes, everything that I planned is complete. After I clean up, I’m going to go see Sarah. I might not come home tonight so not to worry. Don’t freak. I will show you what I made tomorrow.” Smiling at her, she beamed with satisfaction.
“Connor, is that you?” Connor entered the lively laundry room before he stepped into the shower. “Hi Mom, sorry, but I can’t stay and chat. I have to get going before it gets too dark out. I just wanted you to know that I’m finished and I will show you and everyone tomorrow what I have been up to. If you want another update call Grandma like you’ve done every day in secret.” She smiled, knowing she was caught. Connor hugged her and went into the bathroom to get ready and look presentable.
Before leaving the house Connor grabbed Sarah’s gift from the duffle bag. Wearing a black sleeved shirt and brown jeans along with hiking boots and Tool, he walked across the yard and into Sarah’s.
Upon the fated arrival Connor knocked on the garage door. “Coming… who is it?” Jillian called from inside. Opening the door she instantly recognized who it was. Knowing a similar personality he watched as she started to loudly say “CONNO…” He threw his right hand over her mouth to stop her from spoiling everything. Her eyes widened from shock.
Connor whispered to her “Jillian, please do not speak too loudly. Is my Princess here?”
Taking his hand away slowly she spoke softly “It is great to see you again, Connor. Yes my daughter is here.” Jillian turned away to say under her breath “She is going to be sooo surprised.” She giggled and went inside and he followed graciously after closing the door.

***

As Sarah sat silently and graded the week’s worth of papers in the living room, with the papers spread into different stacks, the door was knocked upon. Jillian was the closest and she checked the door because Sarah’s work occupied her. Hearing weird sounds from her mother wasn’t anything out of the ordinary so she ignored it. Two sets of people entering the living room alerted her that the visitor had come in and Sarah sat the paper that she was grading down to see who had come over. “It’s probably Kara again. No matter what I try I cannot seem to separate them at all.”
Looking up, her heart nearly flew out of her chest.
Blocking a good portion of the hallway stood Connor, smiling her favorite private smile with those unique hazel eyes saying ‘I’m home.’ His sandy blonde hair was still wet from a recent shower and brushed back. His body looked slightly larger than before, if that’s even feasible. Is her mind playing tricks again? He still favored those dark clothes while wearing his accessory Tool on his hip. Both of his hands were behind his back.
“Connor?” she asked weakly, unsure if it was a figment of her imagination.
“Hello Princess, I missed you.” That was all she needed, just to hear his deep masculine voice.
Practically running out of the seat, Sarah leaped up and threw her arms around his neck in a desperate need to know if he was real. Her feet dangled inches above the ground as one of his arms held her in place. She said “I missed you so much.” Looking at his handsome face Sarah leaned in and kissed him. “Yes. It really is you Connor. I love you.” After he sat her on her feet again she stepped back to look up at his handsome features. His presence was as commanding as ever, but he seemed calm. “What has been more important than spending time with me?”
“Getting excited are we?” He smiled wider, making her melt.
“She’s been driving us crazy while you’ve been away. Her thoughts get too loud at times. And I too want to know what you’ve been cooking up myself.” Jillian announced from the sofa. She had her arms crossed playfully under her breasts.
Jack walked into the living room, probably from hearing the excitement and instantly saw Connor. He smiled saying “How is it?”
Connor replied in the same tone “Perfect!” her father nodded in understanding. Before she could say anything…
“You know what he’s been up to!?” Jillian looked perturbed about being left out of the loop. Especially knowing that Jack knew something she didn’t.
“Yes Father, How. Long. Have. You. Known?” Sarah sounded a little steely herself. Both mother and daughter were teaming up against him.
“A few weeks.” Connor said, standing behind everyone. “He caught me in the act and I asked him not to tell either of you.” He sounded sorry while looking pleadingly at Sarah, but she was kidding around. He looked at her father again. “Tomorrow, I will bring everyone to see it.” He then looked at her mother. “Jillian, please don’t bug him, I want you to be just as surprised as well.”
Jillian nodded in both respect and in annoyance to the restriction he placed. Her facial expression changed to questioning and curious as she leaned over to her side. “Connor, what do you have behind your back?”
Sarah turned to look at her Connor. “I almost forgot.” He pulled a wooden box from around his back “Princess, I made this for you.” He then handed the box into her opened hands.
“What is it?” He only smiled and waited. As she opened the box with reverence Sarah spotted a circular piece of metal. It looked like silver with black crosses weaving around the ring. It was beautiful. She lifted it up out of the box to feel its weight. “It is heavy is this solid silver…and these marks they look like…” “Connor, are these marks like the ones on your chest?” She touched his covered chest, where the branded mark laid underneath. “It’s beautiful, you made this for me?”
“Yes I did. I wanted to have a little part of you with me, as I would like for you to carry a symbol of me.” Connor lifted his left sleeve up his arm to reveal an armlet fitted perfectly to his massive arm. Touching it after she sat down the box and still holding the ring he said “I made that anklet for you with my personal secret and I made this with your mark.” Upon closer inspection Sarah recognized the circled star and the symbols etched inside.
“A pentagram, how does a pentagram remind you of me?” “How could it be a reminder? And how could he even know…”
“Jillian said Balancers can control the elements and I did some research. I realized that there are five basic elements; Fire, Liquid, Terra, Pressure and Metal. This pentagram is a representation of the delicate balance of the five elements. Since I’m in love with a Balancer, I thought it fitting to wear a symbol of your power, Princess.” Her jaw kept slacking into an O.
Jack actually laughed, forcing everyone to look at him. “Connor my boy, I can’t believe how you keep surprising this family.” He still chuckled oddly.
“What do you mean by that?” he spoke in a guarded voice.
Jillian answered in her mate’s place by cutting him off with a sharp stare. “Connor, that is the crest of the Balancers. The pentagram is our banner, but those symbols aren’t. How did you come to understand it? That is a serious breach in our laws if you can compare the five to the elements.”
“My instincts just told me that it felt right.” Connor said calmly. Jillian and Jack exchanged a quick smile and pointed glance before he said “It doesn’t really matter.” Connor turned to look at his love. “Sarah, before we go, will you sit down for a moment please?”
As she sat down she asked “Where are we going to go?” He snatched the ring out of her hand and kneeled down in front of her. Lucky she was wearing shorts and not a skirt because he lifted her leg straight and slipped the ring over her foot and it rested comfortably on the ankle. “A perfect fit. How did you know the size of my ankle…Wait before you left you grabbed my ankle to measure it, right?” He smiled in conformation. Not only did the anklet fit perfectly, it was perfect because her fiancé made it. She recognized his hand from his wooden works. Sarah spun her ankle in the air letting the light reflect off of the jewelry’s perfect shine.
Connor stood and held out his hand “Now it’s time for you to see your real surprise. Bring a change of clothes with you ok.” Sarah looked doubtfully at him, but she walked to her bedroom, leaving him in the quiet living room with her parents. As she walked back into the room with a small bag of clothes, Connor looked at her parents. “We will be away all night. I will come and get you tomorrow around noon and show you what I have been up to.” They nodded and Connor took her hand, entwining his fingers. It was like he never left. As they exited the front door she said “I missed holding your hand.”
Connor stopped, spun to look at her and then bent down to steal a kiss. “I missed kissing you far more, Princess.” She became breathless and felt her pulse racing in her ear. “I too missed your mind melting kisses as well.”
As he led her towards the woods Sarah finally asked “Where on Earth are you taking me?” He didn’t say a word.

For the next fifteen minutes they cut through the woods as the light from the sun started to fade. Sarah smelled something wonderful, floral and delicate. A rare treat after smelling the usual scent of woods. He stopped her before she stepped any further and put his hands around her eyes.
He stood behind her and made it impossible to see beyond the blinds, created his largely cupped hands. “Princess, this is your real surprise. Keep walking and I’ll safely guide you.” As he led her forward a few steps she found that she was stepping on a lot of soft grass. A trickling stream of flowing water filled her hearing while songbirds filled the air with their music, letting all know it was getting time to sleep. And her sense of smell became overwhelmed in a very pleasant way. Elegant and fragrant flowers assaulted the sense in a pleasing way.
“This is your real present! Welcome to our new home, Princess.” He took his hands away to reveal the surprise.
As Sarah opened her eyes, she dropped her bag of clothes and gasped.
In front of her laid a beautiful clearing with a crystal clear stream off to the western edge of the property. A cottage stood nearly in the center of the space, it was well built with a spinning water wheel. Surrounding the house were many flowers that included lilies, honeysuckle, roses, jasmine and several other beautiful smells that she couldn’t quite place at the moment. Even a brick chimney stuck out from the roof in an aesthetically pleasing way.
Breathless, Sarah slowly turned to look a Connor as he watched her intently. “Our Home?” She said again, making sure she heard him right.
“Yes, our home. I built this for us by myself. This was what I was planning and took the month to build. Do you like it, Princess?”
Sarah began saying under her breathless breath “Our home… Our home… he built a home to live with me…” She finally looked back up at him as he revealed only hopeful eyes. “Of course I love Our Home! I love you, Connor. More than you realize.” And she jumped up, entwining her fingers in his hair and kissed him longer than they’ve ever kissed thus far.
“It’s getting dark. Would you like to see the inside?” She nodded enthusiastically and picked up her bag before entering her new home with, Connor.
At the entryway, she looked up at the eve and saw a plank of wood nailed to it with the carving of an ancient weight scale. One shaped with a beam that is supported freely in the center and has two pans of equal weight suspended from its ends. “That’s subtle even for a Balancer.” She said, being a little sarcastic.
Connor followed her eyes to the eve. “I thought you would get a kick out of it.” She simply shook her head while looking down.
Suddenly she felt weightless and Sarah looked up to see that Connor scooped her up into his powerful arms. Her bag fell into the center of her stomach as her arms instinctively encircled around Connor’s neck. “What’s going on, Connor?” she began to feel scared.
“As your man, isn’t it customary to cross the threshold with you in my arms?” Her mind said you’re taking things too far, but her body had other ideas and held him closer. Taking that as a ‘Yes’ Connor walked her inside the new home. He sat her down in the old style kitchen with a few new modern conveniences. As she stood and walked to the refrigerator Connor turned on the lights.
“Connor, how do we have electricity all the way out here?”
“The water wheel powers the lights, hot and cold water and the refrigerator. It is a closed system so we have just enough power to do all of this.” He spread his arms showing the entire room. “Oh, and we’re able to power a few small electronics.”
The kitchen was fully stocked. “Did you also make this furniture?”
“Yes I did. Just wait until you see the bed!”
Sarah’s face instantly flared. “B…e…d?” she stuttered “But…”
He smiled “Don’t worry we still have one week of school before we can go that far, remember?” She nodded, still afraid of how her voice might sound. Connor walked up and encircling his arms around her. “I love you, Sarah.” He kissed her gently and her eyes started to mist. He leaned back and looked at her when he sensed the change. “What’s wrong?”
Putting her faced on his chest she said “Nothing’s wrong. I just have never felt so happy and I don’t know how to articulate it clearly. This is all so overwhelming right now.”
“You don’t need to explain. I understand, really. Now look at me.”
Pulling away she saw that her tears had soaked his shirt. “I’m sorry I didn’t mean to.” He looked down at his shirt and laughed.
“It’s not a problem, Princess.” “Since you are doing so much to make me feel better…” She grabbed Tool from his belt and sat it on the kitchen table that she knew he made by hand as well. Sarah grabbed the bottom of his shirt and tried to pull it up, but his large hands stopped her half way. “What are you doing?”
“I’m taking off your shirt. What else?” She was feeling rash and confident.
“Doesn’t my scar disgust you at all?” He sounded skittish.
“Not in the slightest. In fact I think it makes you look even sexier. You’re built like my own personal Greek God and your X on your chest makes you look manlier.” Telling him bluntly made him go limp. Using this opportunity to her advantage Sarah barely managed to pull it off the top of his head and sat it on the table. “I was right. You do look bigger, probably from building this house for us.”
“You… You like my scar?” He sounded like he never heard anything like that before. From the look on his face she knew that was the case.
“Of course I do. So does Mark and everyone else apparently, but I haven’t asked Kara or Jenny yet. It is a part of who you are and I love all of you.” Sarah stepped up to him and kissed the center of his scar and wrapped her arms around him. Looking up into his calm hazel eyes she said “I don’t want you to ever wear those sleeves again because I want everyone to know the real you, My Knight. I want you to wear t-shirts that shows off your arms.” Snuggling even closer she pressed her cheek over his chest to feel its comforting effects. “I would also like for you to show off that beautifully crafted armlet you made. We won’t tell anyone that the symbols are a reference to me, but I will know. Can you do this for me?”
“Do you really mean that?” She stood on her toes to show him that she meant every word. After they regained their senses from another kiss Sarah heard him say “If I do this for you I need something in return?”
“What do you have in mind?”
“Could you tell me more about Balancers? I would like to hear it all from you.” He still held her in an embrace in the kitchen.
“I can handle that my fiancé.” He kissed the top of her head this time.
“Take a look around your new home first.” And she did. The bathing room was just the perfect size for two people. There were two empty rooms that held a chair and table in each which she guessed would be sorted out later. The living room had a three person sofa and a coffee table sat between the sofa and the brick fireplace which was built into the wall. One room held a water heater and a washer and drier in one. And in the same room were many car batteries and several mechanical and technical gadgets. Sarah entered the final room in the back of the house and took in a sharp breath.
This room was by far the largest in the cottage. Connor turned on a ceiling fan and light, but the fan looked a little odd. On each of the tips of the fan blades were a small black rod no longer than two inches, and surrounding the fan blades, in a ring, was a metal strip with a wire coiling into the ceiling. “Connor, what is that?” He looked up to the fan and explained. “That is an electric return. As the fan spins, those magnetic rods send electricity back into the batteries to constantly keep the batteries charged. Perpetual energy exchange. The magnetic movement excites the metal, creating nearly as much electricity as it takes to spin the blades. It is easy to do if you know how. I tried to make our home as energy efficient as possible.”
The bedroom had two empty closets and two dressers and between the dressers hung a full sized mirror. In the center of the room laid a beautiful four posted King Size bed with brown silk sheets. Sarah gently sat down and rubbed her hand over its surface which felt so smooth to the touch. She looked up to see Connor’s shirtless form, smiling her smile at the entrance to the room. “Connor, I love your gift. It was worth the wait. It’s perfect for us.”
He finally stepped away from the doorway and sat beside her. He was looking in her eyes passionately. “I’m glad you love it, that’s why I didn’t want to spoil your surprise.”
Connor slid into the bed and propped his back against the head board. He patted next to his side and she obliged willingly, sitting next to him thigh to thigh. His arm wrapped around her back and she laid her head back on his shoulder. They sat together for awhile not saying a word and just being content holding each other. She even missed his smell that is his and his alone.

***

Later in the night, with the fan and light still on, they were both still in the same position as Connor asked calmly “Please tell me more about Balancers.”
Those emerald eyes looked up from his shoulder and her thick, silky hair cascaded down her back, his arm and the front of her chest. She remained more beautiful than he imagined each day they were separated. “What would you like to know?” She spoke in the soft velvety voice that made his heart race.
“I remember that Jillian said that Balancers are mostly the same as humans. That made me think, what are some of the differences between our two races?” She smiled softly at the question.
“Your right, let’s see…” She sat up from her laying position, crawled all the way onto the bed and crossed her legs together so she could explain things comfortably. She tossed her hair behind her shoulder and somehow became a more stunning sight to behold. “Let’s start out with our brains being more active. You’ve seen images from an MRI or CAT scan before, yes? With all the blue, orange and reds?” He nodded. “Well you know how it shows red and brighter colors to explain where parts are more active. In a Balancer’s scan our minds are pretty much completely red all around. That being said we have the innate capacity to learn faster, retain more knowledge, think and react much more quickly. Our minds are much more evolved than other humans.
“We need to consume more food than any ordinary person for our abilities to work properly. Our bodies use almost everything we eat and turn it into energy and we have very little waste in the end. Normally a Balancer’s power is full when he or she consumes about five hundred to six hundred thousand calories. And another fun fact…” She had a small smile on her lips. “We can go without food for a month if we had to, if our stored energy is sufficient.
“Another difference besides manipulating the elements is our gestation period. A normal human child is conceived and born within nine or ten months. The gestation period for our children on the other hand is about seventeen to eighteen months. Female Balancers grow slower within the womb and age about as slowly after birth. A normal human woman reaches sexual maturity in sixteen to eighteen years of age, but the average Balancer reaches her sexual maturity at around thirty. Physically my age is around eighteen or nineteen, even though I’m just over three hundred.” She let out a small and short laugh. “When we reach our matured age, our bodies stop developing and we never age again.
“We female Balancers are usually born with only two or three ovum on our ovaries and because of that, we don’t have a monthly flow like regular women who shed their eggs every month. Our ovum are slightly larger too, but only by a small amount. It’s practically impossible to tell unless you look closely enough. As long as nothing hurts us while we are pregnant, we do not miscarry thankfully.
“The final major difference is that we are completely hairless from the neck down.” Connor almost went red imagining it, but unfortunately his eyes drifted of their own accord and she noticed with a pleased smile. “I still have sweat glands to cool off on a hot day, but I have never had to shave my legs a day in my life.” She started to laugh and he joined her.
“Well what happens to male Balancers?” He asked sitting up straighter.
“Well when we mate, your brain functions will slowly increase while you evolve into your abilities. All of your hair will fall off from your neck down in about a year. You will still be able to grow a beard like any other man, but I want to see your face. I don’t really like too much facial hair on you.”
Connor nodded and said “Don’t worry, I like to see my face too.” She smacked him on his chest playfully. “Are there any unique laws that I need to know about?”
Her expression looked pained at the question. “Yes, but not many.” Taking a breath she continued. “There is a coven of immortals called the Mélange which all immortals are a part of. It’s a French word meaning a mixture of the elements, only much older before French claimed it as their word. There are thirty ancient members who rule and guide our world and they consist of ten Balancers, ten Keepers and ten Changers. All thirty of the Mélange members are the oldest in existence and are supposedly the strongest. We call those thirty the Elders. They keep the peace and secrecy of our worlds and only meet every twenty five years. There are only two rules that the immortals have to live by… Do not reveal our existence to any outsiders unless they are trustworthy. The other is to never use your powers in public unless your mate is in danger or for a last resort if all else is lost.” She looked at him, waiting for a response.
“What are the punishments for those who break the law?”
“Imprisonment without your mate for a century or in the worst cases the death of the accused.”
“But that means…” he looked worriedly at her.
“Yes. The death of their mate is assured.” She said evenly and emotionless.
“Well don’t worry, Princess. I won’t allow anything to jeopardize us.” Connor spoke sincerely from the very bottom of his heart.
“Thank you, Connor.” Her soft voice floated back again. She crawled up his leg and pinned his shoulders to the headboard. “I love you.” And she kissed him again.

When it began getting too late, and Connor knew they had to wake up early, he got out of bed and turned off the ceiling light. “We need to get some rest. Remember I need to show everyone our new home tomorrow.”
“I understand. Go ahead. I need to do something real quick.” She got out of bed and he saw her shut the bathroom door.
Connor slid between the silk sheets and rested the back of his head on the soft pillow. A minute later, he heard Sarah entering their room and she shut the door behind her. In the darkness she said “Connor, where are you?” He called to her from the bed so she knew exactly where he lay. She made it closer and carefully shuffled her feet until she made it to the other side of the bed.
Feeling the sheet lift, he then felt Sarah slide between them, but something felt off. She slid into the same sleeping position as last time. Her head rested on his chest with her arm over his stomach while her leg lay thrown over his and with the vee of her straddling his leg. With his left hand he felt something was indeed different. Connor didn’t feel the shirt she wore earlier, but he felt a thin strap between her shoulder blades and his heat started rising. Connor’s fingers slid down her soft curves to her hip and felt some soft, lacy material. Trying to keep his voice calm he asked “Sarah, what are you wearing?”
“It was warm in here so I am only wearing my undergarments. Is that alright?” She said quietly with her head on his chest. Her face began to feel warmer and he knew she was forcing herself to do this for the both of them. The situation was getting precarious, testing their sexual restraint.
“I was surprised, that’s all. It is fine by me.” “Like any red blooded male would say no in this situation.”
“Good night.” She said calmly and then yawned.
“Good night, Princess.” And she cuddled closer and he now really got a good feel of her bra. Somehow he managed to finally achieve sleep, smelling strawberries and apples and listening to Sarah’s soft snore.

As Connor awoke early the next morning in their new home, he looked down to see Sarah next to him in the same sleeping position that he remembered her falling asleep in. Luscious brown hair lay scattered all over his chest and on the bed. She still snored, but only barely. He smiled at the subtle, delicate noise. The warm sheet cover had somehow moved down the bed to reveal what he could not see under the sheet last night. She was wearing a solid black lacy bra and matching panties. Connor felt his pulse drumming behind his ear from the instantaneous reaction of the amazing sight. Looking over her lush body he noticed that she really didn’t have a single hair below her neckline; not even any hair in her forearm, now that he noticed. Sarah still wore the anklet he made which made his smile more pronounced.

An hour later she stirred. Sarah looked up to see him staring down at her in admiration. “Good Morning,” She stretched and almost at the same time she froze mid-stretch. She felt around for the sheet, but all she felt was either him or herself. Her eyes widened in embarrassment. “Umm… I’m so sorry. I didn’t know what I was thinking last night.”
“Does it help you to know that I’m half naked as well?” Her answer was a tight lipped smile and to pinch his bottom with her other hand. “Ouch… What was that for?”
“Because I wanted to give you something special for all this and also for you trying to make me blush…Again!” She finally cracked a beautiful smile. She turned on her side, now resting her head on his left arm. She used her free hand to caress the mark on his chest. “Well?”
“I’m sorry?” She caught him off guard with the vague question.
“What do you think of your nearly naked fiancé?” Now resting her palm over his heart, she met his eyes.
“I think I made the right choice by doing all this. And I see that you are still wearing my anklet.” Connor said while tucking some of her escaping hairs around her ear. She shut her eyes while enjoying the tender touch. “But your pushing it. It is hard to not join you and make one body.”
“I made the right choice for a mate as well. I wouldn’t love you if you were a normal man.” She rubbed his scar slowly with only her index finger and she looked at it calmly. “She really isn’t put off by my deformity is she…”
“I love you.” Her eyes shot wide open and softened and she said “As I also love you.” She leaned in to kiss him again and Connor helped by pulling her torso closer, flush against himself.
As they separated he asked “Now that it is daylight, would you like to see the rest of the house?”
She smiled brightly while saying “Let me go get dressed first.”
“Alright.” She got out of bed first and he became spell bound by her fluid movement. Her hips swayed from side to side more than usual, teasing and taunting him. Her long brown hair covered the back clasp of her bra, but it came down to the top of her panties. Her shoulders remained relatively even as she walked straight out the door. She is a remarkable creature.
When she shut the door of the bathroom Connor walked into the kitchen. He turned on the stove and sat a skillet down, to get the metal heated. He walked to the refrigerator and opened it. Pulling out a carton of eggs and bacon he begin cooking for the both of them. Just as he finishing cooking the satisfying meal, Sarah walked in with a towel wrapping her wet hair and wore a tight blue top and white shorts. He was glad that he thought about stocking the bathroom with towels and other bathroom necessities. “How was it?”
“Warm…” She teased with a warm smile.
Setting the plates on the table he asked “Are you hungry?”
“Famished.” She sat down on a wooden chair as he divided the meal between the plates. Once he sat down Sarah asked “Are you missing anything?” She had a playful smile as she took her first bite of the eggs.
Connor looked around the room. “Nothing… Wait!” He looked at the table and only Tool remained where she sat it. “Where is my shirt?”
She didn’t answer until she finished eating. Finishing her glass of fresh water and setting it down she said “Today and today only, I want you to go shirtless and if you do I will give you a special reward tonight. I will let you keep your pants on though. I didn’t think you want to walk around in your boxers all day.” She tried not to giggle, but failed miserably.
“She can’t possibly be serous…” Instead Connor asked curiously “What kind of surprise are you talking about?”
“You will just have to wait like you made me do.” She had on a feral smile like Jillian or… “You have spent way too much time with my sister.” Connor shook his head in defeat, exactly like his grandfather does and now he knew why he does it.
“Is that a yes?” She had a hopeful smile.
Connor conceded by saying “Yes, it is a Yes.”
After showing Sarah the rest of the house, dread crept over him because he forgot that he made the deal before remembering that he promised showing everyone their new home. Sarah was a vindictive schemer and he now knew it.

Sarah and Connor walked back through the woods just before noon to get everyone ready. As they came into the clearing, behind Sarah’s parent’s house, he noticed one extra vehicle in his mother’s driveway. Beside his mom’s car and his grandfather’s truck stood Mark’s jeep. “KARA!” He scolded her in his head. Sarah touched his back, knowing and understanding the same thing and her face matched his thought. Connor said in a defeated tone “Oh well, better to get it done and over with while everyone is here. Let’s go get your parents first.” She nodded hesitantly and held his hand as they walked up to her parent’s house first.
Jack opened the door after Sarah knocked a few times. He looked down at her with a wry smile and then he turned the smile on Connor. “It looks like Sarah finally did as she planned.”
“And that would be?” He looked down at her as she hid her face in her hair.
“She’s been planning for you to go shirtless all month. She has been trying to find a suitable punishment for you leaving her for so long… Or at least her mind was trying to figure something out.”
Connor laughed, startling both of them. “Serve’s you right for listening to your daughter’s thoughts.”
He smiled and changed the subject. “I’m ready and Jillian’s almost… Ah here she comes.” Jack wore brown boots laced up his shin along with a brown pair of pants and a light blue top. Jillian wore the exact same attire only with a tight red t-shirt and her hair pulled back into a hair tie.
“Are we ready?” Jillian looked at Jack and he nodded. She looked at Connor while saying “Oh my…I had forgotten how big that mark truly is.” She blurted out before she thought.
Connor wanted to say something smart and did. It was a perfect comeback. He looked down at Sarah who had a mortified look on her face from her mother’s lack of subtly. “I thought you said Balancers had a better memory than we human’s do.” Sarah then looked at him like he’d lost his mind.
Jack burst into laughter and patted him on the back. “That was a good one. I’ll have to remember that for a later reference.” And Jillian smacked her mate’s behind as he made a small joke at her expense.
“Let’s go collect the rest of our instigators.” Sarah looked up at him and instantly understood who he meant.
Sarah, himself, Jillian and Jack crossed the road to his mother’s house. Connor opened the door to a full living room. His blunt sister was the first to speak. “Brother! Where is your shirt?” Everyone went speechless for a moment until he came up with a good reason.
Pointing at Sarah Connor said “It’s her punishment for me taking my sweet time getting back.” She smiled sweetly at him in a way that said ‘You’re going to pay for that.’ Everyone laughed and he leaned down to speak in her ear. “I had to say something to keep them off our trail.” She nodded, but still wore the same dangerous smile. “Everyone, I would also like for you to meet Sarah’s older sister, Jillian. This is their father, Jack.”
His grandmother walked straight up to Sarah. “Hello Sarah, I’m Rhoda, but everyone calls me Grandma. I see that you gladly accepted his gift.” She pointed at Sarah’s ankle, which she showed off with ample pride. “Did you also enjoy your other gift he made?”
Sarah now wore an honest and playful smile. “Yes, Grandma and they are both perfect. Have you seen the other yet?”
“Unfortunately I haven’t. How was it?” Rhoda’s grin turned huge. Sometimes it became dangerous when she gets excited about certain events.
“You will just have to wait like everyone else.” Sarah announced and it stopped all other questions regarding that particular subject. She glanced and smiled at Connor. He could see she deeply loved her presents.
Mark, Kara and Jenny stood close together after Rhoda and David finished introducing themselves to Sarah’s parents. At the same time Jenny and Kara asked Sarah “Show us what he made you!”
Sarah lifted her ankle up for everyone to see. “He made this and the markings are a symbol of the continuous tattoo on his chest.” Kara stepped up to get a closer look, but Jenny decided to look from a comfortable distance. 
“It’s beautiful.” And Kara looked up at her brother to ask “What’s that thing on your arm Brother?”
“Oh this is an armlet. I made it as a constant reminder of how I found Sarah out in the wild elements.” Out of the corner of his eye Jillian gave him a quick thumbs up for a good cover story.
“Not bad, Brother.” She walked away as his mom and Mark each took a look at their items and introduced themselves to Jillian and Jack. Mark raised an eyebrow.
Mark wanted to speak in private, so Connor walked alone with him into the hallway as everyone was getting acquainted and exchanging pleasantries. “Good news, Buddy. Ms. Sarah chewed the class out for everything they have done to you. You would have loved being there and saw all their expressions. It was an honestly priceless moment. I wish I was smart enough to take some pictures with my phone. And even Mathew hasn’t said a word since…but I’m afraid that he might be up to something again.”
“Thanks for the heads up, Bud, and thanks for keeping them both safe.”
Mark punched the center of his chest playfully. “I’ve been telling you that this tattoo isn’t something to be ashamed of. Only you can pull it off with these freakish muscles.” He pointed to Connor’s abs and pectoral muscles. What was funny was that his own size wasn’t all that small either.
Wanting to get the show on the road Connor came down the hallway, shadowed by Mark. He looked at all who gathered and asked in a light tone “Is everyone ready to see what I built or what?” Everyone said either “Yes.” or “I’m ready.”
Everyone left the house to follow Sarah and himself. Breaking through the tree line and walking for only a minute, Connor watched everyone’s movement as they walked in the forest. Jack moved about the same way as he himself did as they barely straddled around the trees, without touching them. Jillian and Sarah moved the same way walking only on stones and flowing smoothly like a river around the greenery. Their delicate movements were unique because of their size and age. They walked with purpose and wasted no excess energy. David moved with a solid footing to make sure that he could easily backtrack his steps. Jenny and Rhoda moved quickly yet loudly as they are experienced hikers, but not avid. Kara glided around trees and skirted bushes lightly, leaving little to follow. The most shocking movement of all came from watching that of Mark’s as he shadowed Kara.
He stepped in every place left by Kara and didn’t disturb any of her prints. He looked to be sniffing the air, searching for danger yet his expression and movements were a calm mask. His hands were at his side, but Connor knew he was keeping guard from the back. Apparently only he was able to detect how differently his friend moved. “That is not the same inexperienced friend I carried home a few years ago.” Connor then saw another glimmer of light flash in his eye again. “What was that? It wasn’t my imagination this time.”

As the group came upon a particular set of trees that Connor knew, the cottage lay just ahead. He ordered everyone to “Stop.” while Sarah stood next to him and said with a slight bow “Past these trees is the present Connor made.”
Everyone stood anxious; especially Jillian and Kara. Connor said happily “If you would all please, follow us.”
As Connor entered the clearing followed by Sarah and the others, he could hear a pin drop on a pillow because of their silence. He turned around to look at everyone as they saw the completed project. They all were slack jawed and their lips were shaping an O.
Kara was the first who asked oddly “You built a house for her? Why?”
Connor walked up and placed one hand over her shoulder. His sister couldn’t comprehend his reasoning. “It’s not just for her, it’s for the two of us.”
“But, But Brother?” She started to cry and Sarah came up to her for a hug.
“Kara, Connor and I are engaged. It is only a natural thing to move out of the house when you find the one you love. And I love him very, very much.” Kara cried in Sarah’s arms because she most likely felt like he was abandoning her.
“Listen Sis, I’m not leaving you. I’m only moving out.” She let go of Sarah to look at him with watery eyes and the beginning of a red nose.
“I understand that you two were made for each other, but it’s hard to see you moving out, Brother. I’m ok now, really.” She said to Sarah while wiping the tears away from her damp cheeks.
No one apparently heard their quiet little conversation, which shocked him.
Jillian tapped Connor’s back nearly a minute later and asked “You built a house for Sarah? Within a month? Who helped you do all of this?”
David spoke up proudly. “All I gave him were the supplies. He built this small paradise entirely by himself.”
Jack agreed “I can second that because I know the truth of his words. A few weeks ago I caught him building the roof late in the night. I tried sneaking up on him to see what was going on, but…”
“That’s like trying to sneak up on a viper. He probably felt you before he heard you…” his grandfather laughed and patted Jack on his back. “What did he do when he caught you spying on him?”
“He threw that hammer thing at me and only missed my head by a few inches. It was a frightening experience.” Jack said while wearing a wry grin.
“Well count yourself lucky Jack because he missed you on purpose.”
“I know.” Jack gave a truthful nod.
“Ok… Everyone?” Connor obtained the group’s undivided attention. “You all may take a look around, but do not enter the cottage just yet. I will give a grand tour.”
His mom and grandmother walked around the house to look at the array and strategic placement of planted flowers while his grandfather looked over the building method. She always gave constructive criticism for Connor’s work and it helped him to learn. Jillian and Jack stayed close to Sarah and Connor while the others walked away to scan the property.
Jillian jumped in front of Sarah and asked “What are you two planning to do here?” Her expression became serious, but her eyes were misting.
“Sister, I am going to live here with him. I will tell you like I did with Kara, we are in love and this is our decision.” Jillian stepped up and hugged her daughter with a smile of congratulations. In the present company they had to play their parts as normal siblings.
Kara walked away with Mark to look at the spinning water wheel. Jillian still held Sarah in her arms. He then heard her whisper “Sarah, I need to know when you are going to take Connor as your true mate. I can sense that you two didn’t do it last night.” Sarah went rigid from hearing her mother asking such a personal question. Connor tapped Jillian’s back and she let go.
Leaning down and speaking softly so that only Sarah and Jillian could hear, he said “Jillian, there is still one more week left of school. When that is over with, Sarah and I will tell you when it’s done and you will have a new son-in-law. Will that answer subdue your curiosity for now?” Sarah took his hand gratefully to get out of her mother’s radar.
Jillian pulled away from them and walked over to Jack and whispered in his ear. He crossed his arms as she spoke and his eyes remained closed to focus on the words. He glanced their way moments later and when she finished speaking to him, he nodded. She turned around and walked back casually. Connor asked “What was that about?”
Jillian spoke softly to the both of them. “We decided that you’re trustworthy enough and you two can live together until the ritual is complete.”
Sarah removed her grip from his hand and embraced Jillian. She spoke even softer because Jenny was starting to walk back with Kara and Mark. “Thank you, Mother.” Jillian spoke even softer “Sarah, you are three hundred years old and you have never asked for anything remotely like this. How could you expect us to keep you from the mate you have so longed for?” She smiled and pulled out of Sarah’s embrace and spoke a little louder, but not loud enough for the others to hear. “At least now I can have a little more freedom in my house.” Her eyes glittered towards Jack, but only for a moment because of present company.
Kara asked “Brother, what is the waterwheel for?”
“It allows us to have some electricity all the way out here. It powers an electric turbine that runs a few motorized conveniences in the house.”
David came back just then and said “So that was why you needed those batteries, copper wiring and magnets.” Connor nodded because he got everything correct and understood their meanings.
Mark asked “Where did you learn to make electricity even though you’re not very good in science?”
“Mark, your wrong.” Kara said weakly to him. “Brother struggles only with history. Everything else comes naturally to him. He actually has an eidetic memory that he denies to others so it’s hard to ever slip anything past him. He pretends to not know as much as he does in school because he actually knows more about those subjects than even the teachers do…”
Their mother interrupted. “That’s enough, Kara.” She said softly to his long winded sibling “Connor, Sarah, this is your day. Please show us your new home.” 
Sarah stood beside him while saying “Gladly.” She walked up to the door and opened it and allowed his grandparents in and they were followed by Jenny, Kara and Mark. Before Jillian and Jack entered; Jillian looked up and elbowed Jack in his side. She pointed up to the eve above the door and giggled. He turned to look at Connor with a smile while saying “Subtle.” And he entered lastly.
The cottage became a little crowded as everyone looked into every room. Jillian spent the longest time looking at the bedroom. She asked Connor while pointing at the bed’s framing “One day, will you build one for me?” He nodded because she would start begging otherwise. He wouldn’t have that. Kara asked what the two empty rooms were for and Sarah saved him by stating “One will be my study room while the other will be his work room.” Mark and Jack stayed the longest in the power room to study the turbine and electrical systems. Jack said “Fascinating… as long as the water continues to flow, you will have an unlimited energy supply. Even if it’s only just this amount of power to sustain this small property, I’m surprised and impressed.”
As everyone was able to see why Connor disappeared for so long they were all pleased at how well everything turned out.
Everyone filed out the front door a few hours later, once the small tour ended and Connor finished explaining the different household modifications.
Rhoda said happily, as she was the last one left in the house “Wow this place is absolutely beautiful. It’s quiet and romantic. What a wonderfully quaint home. Connor, you have outdone yourself yet again. Sarah you are a very lucky woman.”
“I sure am, Grandma.” She wove her left arm around his right. The look in her eyes alone showed just how pleased she felt.
Sarah and Connor led everyone back to the houses without any complications or injuries. As Mark and his grandparent’s left them by Jack’s home, Sarah turned to look up at Connor with innocent eyes. “So when can I move my things into our new home?”
Connor quickly came up with a proper solution to carrying all of her personal effects, all at the same time. “Ok I have an idea. I will meet you back here in a few minutes. I need to go and get a few things from my old room as well. I’ll be back soon”
They smiled at each other as they now had a home to be together and not be interrupted by anyone.





Moving and Staying

As Sarah entered her bland bedroom at her parent’s home, and after Connor went to get something from his mother’s, she pulled out some cardboard boxes from the recent move from Washington that she hadn’t had the time to dispose of. She packed up all of her clothing into five large boxes labeled Tops, Bottoms, Undergarments, Delicates and Personal effects. As she taped up the boxes with excitement came a soft rasp at her bedroom door. “Come in.”
She looked up to see her mother peeking around it. “Sarah, may we talk?” She sounded worried and upset about something.
“What’s the matter, Mother?” She walked over to sit on Sarah’s bed after closing the door behind her. This was a side of her she hasn’t seen in quite awhile. Jillian rarely shows such a heartbreaking expression.
“Nothing is wrong, I am just feeling a little lonely all of a sudden.” She looked down at the floor and sighed quietly through her nose. This was very unusual for the one who gave Sarah life. She’s rarely insecure, that’s her daughter’s forte.
“Why do you feel lonely? You have been with Father for over seven hundred years. Did Father do something to upset you?” Sarah sat down next to her because she looked like she needed some form of comfort.
Jillian shook her head and told Sarah what weighed on her mind. “Sarah, you have been my little girl for a very, very long time. And now you are finally a woman and it will be hard to see you leave. It feels harder now than it did when Amber and Pearl left with their mates. We have always been a little closer than your sisters. Make a promise with me please?” She looked up with troubled golden eyes.
“What is it?” Sarah couldn’t say no against that look.
She smiled as she read Sarah’s thoughts. “Stay close to home.”
“I will stay as close as I can, with Connor by my side.” “I mean it, Mother.” Jillian hugged her as the door was knocked on again. Sarah’s mother stood and dried her tears as best she could as she said “Come in.”
Connor opened the door slowly and looked around. “So this is your room? Your dad said it was in the back here…” He looked around her room as she still sat on the bed. “So this is where you sleep.” His expression changed as he saw her mother’s red eyes and knew that she was forcing a smile at him. “Jillian what happened? Why were you crying?” Kara was right, it was hard to slip anything past him.
“It’s no use trying to fool you is it?” She sighed again knowing he would know if she lied to him. “I’m just going to miss my little girl that’s all.”
“Are you stupid or what!” He suddenly seethed frustration as he walked up and grabbed both of her mother’s arms like an immovable vice. Sarah sat frozen in place. But his eyes held no anger or malice.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Jillian struggled to free herself from his grasp with no results. Even with her inhuman strength, she couldn’t budge from his hold for some strange reason. She must not be using her full power.
Then Sarah saw her father suddenly appear in the hall to see how Connor held his mate and murderous rage flared in his azure eyes. Sarah knew her father was going to do something to her true love.
Connor dropped to his knees before Jack called on his element. His anger seemed to vanish as Conner spoke clearly to Jillian, looking her eye to eye. “I asked if you are stupid, Jillian! Apparently you are because if you know nothing of me, you should at least know your own daughter by now.” He closed his eyes tightly in pain and shook his head slowly. “Jack, get out my head! She needs to hear this from someone. Apparently even at her age she still doesn’t know.” His eyes opened and looked at Jack with compassion and intense pain. Sarah knew her father wouldn’t stop until he was satisfied. “I’m not hurting your mate…Trust me.” Jack stood his ground and nodded, apparently satisfied with Connor’s thoughts, but he kept his eye’s zeroed in on Connor’s every miniscule motion.
“What haven’t I learned at my age yet? What do you think you know that I don’t, child?” Jillian stopped struggling when Connor’s piercing hazel eyes froze her still. She just learned how piercing and commanding his eyes can be.
“Sarah will always need her Mom, Jillian. Also Sarah cannot teach me everything about being a Balancer because she needs the two of you for support and so do I. We’re going to be family and that means we stay together and support each other.”
His words seemed to cut the tension in the room.
She finally breathed from under his constant gaze and said “I don’t understand what you are talking about. If you don’t mind, may I get my arms back?” Jillian admitted to him. And Connor looked directly at her father while still holding Sarah’s mother in his grasp.
“I know you read my mind, Jack. Did her parents back in England ever…” 
Jack shook his head slowly and quietly said “No.”
Connor gently released her mother’s arms saying “I thought they did. It looks like I have some explaining to do here. Jillian, will you please go sit next to Sarah.” She did sit while obeying his command and his lingering gaze made her move quicker to Sarah’s side. He looked up to her father. “You too!” He also obeyed. Jillian sat on her left as Jack took the right side, on the bed.
Connor stood and pulled the chair from her nearby desk and sat in front of the three of them looking in each of their eyes. “Jillian, I’m sorry, but you need to hear and understand this. You said that Sarah’s abilities are very limited.” She nodded. “I was wrong, forgive my assumption. I thought your parents helped you and Jack to develop your abilities and guide you.” He seemed to be looking for the right words, but he shook his head a little too violently than necessary for some reason. “Not only will Sarah need you, but so will I. I know next to nothing of Balancer’s, let alone know what they are truly capable of. I’m not saying we are only going to stick around until we know everything, but we aren’t going anywhere anytime soon. What I am saying is that we need each other and we always will. That is what family is all about… Jillian, how long did it take for Jack and you to feel like you were comfortable with yourselves and with your abilities?”
She spoke honestly. “We are still learning ourselves, even at our ages.”
“Well don’t you think it will go smoothly and learn far more with study partners?” He smiled weakly and began breathing oddly. The piercing quality of his eyes were losing their effect.
She beamed, coming back to her usual self. “And it will be more exciting.”
Jack finally relaxed on the bed. “Connor, please forgive my actions. When I saw how you looked to be hurting my mate, I almost killed you.”
His breathing became labored slightly. “No harm done, but you used too much power to read my thoughts. I’m trying my best to st.a..y… awak…”
“CONNOR!” Sarah yelled as his head suddenly dropped and he went completely limp. She didn’t understand what was happening. He abruptly slid out of the chair and to the floor unconscious. She tried to get to him quickly enough, but couldn’t. His head hit the wood flooring with a loud crack. “Connor! Connor, wake up!” Sarah’s eyes started to tear not knowing what was happening to him. Her heart was beating in worry for his safety.
Sarah looked up to see her mother with wide eyes and her father’s face going sheet white. “Oh no, Jack we need to hurry!” Jillian stated while taking his hand in hers.
“Mother, what happened?” Sarah’s voice shook as Connor’s limp head laid on her lap, as she sat on the ground. He was barely breathing now.
“Your father used too much force to enter Connor’s mind. Connor’s energy is slipping away, if we don’t do something now he might slip in a permanent coma or worse. Sarah, move!” She felt her father silently pick her up and moved her over, out of the way.
Jack straightened Connor’s contorted body on the floor. “Sarah, stay back and don’t say a word. We’ll fix the problem.”
Jillian moved the chair out of the way as she knelt at Connor’s left side and Jack took the other. Her left hand rested on her mate’s right palm. Sarah suddenly felt the temperature rising in my room. It had to of come from her father. Where their hands touched, their skin began to slightly give off a glowing sheen that could barely be seen. It looked just like how you’d hold your hand over a flashlight and see your skin glow, but the only difference is that it was her parent’s power being called forth and mixed.
Their other hands began to faintly glow as well, but this time Jillian placed her other hand over Connor’s exposed chest, directly in the center of his scar. Jack placed his hand on top of hers and Sarah faintly saw the power flow from their hands and get absorbed into Connor’s body. They really were trying to help him by feeding him their combined energy. Jillian had her eyes closed in concentration just as Jack did.

Five minutes later they stopped and sat back in complete exhaustion. Sarah was still frantic with panic as she asked “How is he?”
Jack leaned back and looked at her with hollow, exhausted eyes. “Sarah, we gave him as much energy as we could and we are out of strength ourselves. He will be better in time, at least he won’t die on us. He’s a large person so it took more to stabilize him. Now that everyone is weak, will you bring us as much food as you can manage? The more calories the better.”
Suddenly Sarah heard a groan from the floor. She peeked over her father’s shoulder and asked “Connor? Is that you?”
He turned his head to the sound of her voice and spoke weakly. “Wha… What happened? Why am I on the ground?”
Jack cursed under his breath. “What the hell is this kid made out of? He should be asleep for the next five days at least.” He then looked at his mate. “My Love, are you alright?”
Jillian leaned up from the floor weakly. “Yes…just really drained. Connor, are you hurting anywhere?”
“Only a massive headache. Will someone please tell me what just happened?” His voice became stronger with every moment. He weakly sat up and Sarah put her arm under him, to help him get into her bed. He was larger than her single mattress.
As she stood, her father said from the floor. “It was my fault. You went unconscious because of my mistake. Jillian and I poured our energy into you before…”
Connor’s head lay on her pillow with his eyes now opened. His hazel eyes weren’t as piercing, but at least they were calm. He said in awe “Amazing!”
“How is that Amazing? I could have lost you.” Sarah said in a worried tone.
He shut his eyes slowly while saying “It was amazing because your parents poured their energy into me to save me. I never knew that it could be possible.” He opened his eyes to look at her again. “Sarah, your parents aren’t the only ones who need those calories. Could you please bring me something as well?”
“Right! I’ll be right back. Don’t you die on me, do you understand?” He smiled at her command.
“I will always obey my princess.” As Sarah left for the kitchen she heard Connor speaking. “You two are incredible; in a good and a bad way.”
“I can’t wait to hear this… Go ahead, let’s have it.” she heard her mother say. Sarah quickly grabbed everything she could manage to carry from the pantry and started back to the room.
“I asked for you to get permission to read my mind, but I am glad that you had the ability to save me.”
“You’re taking this quite well.” Jack said rather calmly.
“Don’t get me wrong. I’m disappointed at you alright, but I understand why you did it. From now on you will know this.” Sarah heard the mattress springs shift and knew he shifted how he laid. “I never hurt my family, I protect them. I also include you as a part of my family. We need to rely on each other, not harm. Got it!” Connor actually scolded her ancient parents.
As Sarah came back into her room her father said “You’re right, we are family.” He and her mother laid on the floor together now. “Welcome back, Sarah.” Jack smiled up at his child.
Sarah handed her parents a package of cereal and a bottle of soda. They sat up and ate quickly, trying to replenish their depleted energies. She walked around them and sat on the edge of her bed while looking at Connor. He now rested on his back wearing the X on his chest proudly. “What did you bring me?” He didn’t sit up, but he smiled her smile. Sarah looked down at his resting hand.
“Please don’t ever try and upset Father like that again.” She looked up again to see him wearing the same smile.
“What else are son-in-laws for then?” He smiled softly.
Jack chuckled quietly. “He’s got a point, Sarah. It’s a guy thing. I too like giving your grandfather a hard time, especially when he’s not being kind.”
“Men.” Jillian shook her head and Sarah agreed.
“It doesn’t really matter then.” Sarah said and Conner smiled. She handed him a granola bar and a banana along with a bottle of water.
He took the food first, but he seemed so weak after this ordeal.

As everyone finished eating, Connor was at last able to sit up on his own again. His eyes winced, but he pushed himself. Jack and Jillian now stood with renewed vigor as their energy levels came up again. “Connor, I’m sorry about tonight.” Jillian apologized while looking at him on the edge of the bed.
“I’m not. It was educational for me. Besides that, I have a surprise waiting at home for me.”
“I forgot all about that…” Jillian suddenly looked at Sarah and smiled. And as she read her mind her jaw continually dropped lower.
Jillian spoke with her mind. “Well he has completely shattered your shell, my daughter. It now looks like you want to break his too.”
“Mother, please don’t get carried away.” She shrugged indifferently.
Connor changed the flow of the room by commanding “Jack, help me up.”
“You really shouldn’t move just yet.” He said softly while looking down.
Connor looked at him with the piercing stare of a natural born leader. “I wasn’t asking. There is just one more thing I need to do before it gets dark and I’m going to accomplish it.” Connor stretched his hand out and Jack grabbed his wrist and helped him to stand. Connor wobbled for a minute trying to get his equilibrium back. Her father patiently waited till Connor could stand properly.
Connor looked at Sarah and smiled that he was ready. He slowly bent down and picked up two of her heavier boxes of clothing. As he left her room Connor called from the hallway “Sarah, please get the door for me.” Using her petite size to an advantage she rushed under his arm to open the doors and saw the wagon he pulls Kara to school in. Inside were two suitcases which held his things. He placed the two boxes inside the wagon as her father brought the other two boxes and stacked them on top of the suitcases. “Sarah, were you grading papers yesterday?” Connor smiled weakly at her as Jillian brought out the last box.
“Gotcha.” She ran inside the house and grabbed her school bag that was filled with the papers that she forgot to put up before she left yesterday. “Mother, thank you for putting my work in my bag.”
She smiled and replied with “Goodbye, Sarah. Enjoy your night.”
As Sarah came outside, her father and Connor were discussing something. Connor wore the chest harness as he waited. Connor said “…of course, I probably will not see you until Monday morning.”
“Good.” Jack smiled as he walked into the house.
“What was that about?” She asked while walking up to Connor, slinging her pack over his shoulder.
“He’s just worried about me.” He looked her over with tired eyes. “Are you ready to go to your new home again?”
“Our home,” She corrected with a possessive smile. And he pulled the wagon through the woods, still breathing hard. She knew he was still weak because she’s seen him run well over eight miles at a dead run and not even break a sweat. He really was hurting.

When they eventually arrived at the cottage, he pulled the wagon straight into the living room. Sarah heard him curse under his breath. Walking around to see what was wrong she spotted him trying in vain to unclasp the strap connecter. Sarah casually walked up to him and raised her hands in offering. “Let me help.” His fingers were shaking fiercely because they weren’t responding properly. As she removed the straps off his shoulders she told him “Go take a hot shower, it will help. While you do that, I will make you a better meal for dinner. The bar and banana won’t be enough.” He nodded and started for the bathroom.
Sarah walked back into the kitchen and pulled out some ground beef and made a quick meatloaf. She set the timer for about thirty minutes and slid the meal into the preheated oven. Connor must have been having a hard time in the shower because the water had only been on for a minute as she finished making dinner preparations and slid it into the oven.
She took a very deep breath. “It’s time for your reward for going shirtless all day for me.” Sarah walked to the bathroom door and cracked the door to peek inside. Connor stood in the shower and it looked like he was leaning on the tile wall for support, letting the water beat against his body. It was difficult to see him through the glass sliding door because the steam.
Sarah walked in as quietly as she could. Taking off her clothing, she carefully slid the glass door back and entered. Connor leaned heavily on the wall, allowing the hot water to cascade off him. His eyes were closed, almost looking asleep. Seeing him nude was more than she ever expected. His upper body muscles were one thing, but his lower body was built more like a warhorse. His calves bulged in a massive knot and his thighs were the same. Even with him always wearing pants she couldn’t have imagined anyone with legs like his.
Connor must have finally sensed her because he spun around rapidly. His eyes went wide as he finally noticed what stood before him. His eyes looked up and down at her before he shut his eyes in embarrassment and delayed passion. Sarah tried forcing herself to keep my eyes on his face, it didn’t work. Not one aspect of him could be considered small. His attraction for her fully revealed itself and she shivered as it stared at her with a primal hunger only she could sate.
“Sarah, what are you doing?” His voice was still weak.
“Just turn back around. This is your surprise, it’s a shame you can’t enjoy it.” He didn’t turn completely around, but he opened up his eyes and looked only at her face which was now dripping wet from being in the steamy shower.
“I’m surprised.” He smiled weakly. “Well?”
“I’m sorry?” He caught her off guard.
“What do you think of your fully naked fiancé?”
“Wait… didn’t we have a similar conversation this morning?” “You really are my very own personal Greek God.” And he smiled weakly, looking even more tired than she originally thought.
Speaking softly he said “And you look like my Goddess.” He finally turned around to look at the showerhead again.
Wanting to get him to bed quicker, she told him “Hand me the soap and the sponge.” He did and she washed his back and chest. Sarah didn’t dare go lower or she might lose what little control she had left and take him as her own. As they both finished drying off she stepped out of the room first with a towel wrapped over her middle and hurried into the kitchen to take out dinner. Connor came out wearing the towel, covering only his waist. He walked to the wagon and pulled it into their bedroom. “Dinner is ready!” she yelled into the back.
Connor came out of the room, now wearing black pants and sat at the dinner table.
They ate in complete silence. As he ate she saw him shake his head violently to stay awake. Sarah took his plate immediately once he finished and placed it in the sink. “Let’s get you to bed.”
“You won’t get any arguments from me.” He stood and walked into the bedroom, she followed in worry because he didn’t make an insinuating retort. He collapsed on the bed, belly down, and was sleeping within moments. Sarah put on a t-shirt and panties to join him.
“Since he isn’t going anywhere tomorrow I need to do some shopping.” Sarah fell asleep as she heard his deep sleeping breaths and knew he would survive the night.

***

Connor awoke around noon with a dull, throbbing headache and all of his muscles were screaming in agony and fatigue. Looking to his right and hoping to find Sarah, he was disappointed to find a letter on Sarah’s pillow. It read: 
Connor,
I had to go into town for some shopping with Mother. I will be home at around three. Please meet me at my parent’s with the wagon. 
I love you
He folded up the paper and slid it in his pocket.
Sitting up, Connor pieced together the last few hours of yesterday before sleeping like the dead. He remembered a massive amount of cranial pain as Jack read his mind, losing strength quickly as he reassured them that he wasn’t taking Sarah away. Then waking up on the floor feeling as weak as when he obtained the brand on his chest. He looked around her room to see Sarah’s parents laying at either side looking completely drained.
When they eventually got home and he was finally able to manage to get into the shower brought back delicious memories. The water was so refreshing that it relaxed every muscle in his quivering body until he noticed Sarah in the shower with him. She really did look like a goddess. Her perfection couldn’t be matched by anyone, but that was the extent of his memory of yesterday. He didn’t even remember the dinner that she made. Connor felt so tired and that was the first dinner she had made for him.
Pulling himself out of bed Connor still felt weak, but much better than yesterday. He walked to the closet and put on a brown sleeved shirt. He then felt very hungry. Walking into the kitchen he ate four bowls of cereal and five bananas. Feeling full he eventually meandered into the bedroom, opened up Sarah’s boxes and his cases and put clothes in the dressers and closet. He decided to leave the delicates box closed and sealed for his own safety.

About two hours before meeting Sarah, it started to get hot in the house. Connor made the decision and put on the chest harness and pulled the wagon outside. Still feeling weak he simply walked into the forest at a reasonably slow, but measured pace.
It took over twenty minutes before reaching Jack’s house and it proved to be truly exhausting. Connor took off the strap and placed the wagon next to Jillian’s fire engine red sports car, in the garage.
He knocked on the garage door to be greeted by Jack.
“Connor? What are you doing here? You should still be resting in bed like I told you before you left.” His azure eyes were filled with worry. Connor dug out the folded letter and handed it over. After Jack read it he looked up. “Connor, come inside you look like you’re overheated.”
“I am Jack, and thank you.” He led Connor into the living room and helped him to lie down on the sofa. “Hey Jack? Can you please bring me a gallon of water?” Jack knew that he literally meant a gallon.
He went into the kitchen and brought a gallon jug of water. Connor drank slowly, knowing if he gulped the water down his stomach would be liable to ache and everything might come back up. Jack sat down in the opposite seat. “I’m sorry about my actions yesterday…”
Connor sat the now half empty jug down on the table between them while cutting him off. “Listen to me. I would have done the same thing if I was in your position.” He looked directly into his azure eyes. “Just please explain one thing for me?”
He looked relieved to know that he was forgiven. “Name it.”
“Could you explain what you did when I was unconscious?”
He smiled and tossed his silver hair behind his neck. “Of course I can. When I used too much power entering your thoughts, your mind couldn’t handle the force I generated to get past your defenses. Your body tried to protect itself by going into a coma because you were losing energy too quickly. It is a natural survival instinct that all creatures have. Lesser creatures die instantly.
“I didn’t realize how much power I used until we saw you collapse on the floor and hit your head. Jillian and I had to act quickly. We have only recharged another person about five times during our lives together. We failed once and the person died.
“A Balancer’s power comes from the energy within us. If it was a smaller person I could have revived you myself, but because of your size… my mate and I had to work together to funnel our combined powers into you. And I have never seen the look on my daughter’s face as she watched you fall...” He looked up at the ceiling and closed his ageless eyes. “That’s enough for now. Tell me of your current symptoms.”
“I feel exhausted and I have a small headache from that fall you mentioned. The trip to get here was difficult as you can clearly see. By the way, where has your other half gone with Sarah today?”
He looked down and laughed. “For the first time Jillian, Sarah, your sister and your mother all went shopping together… It looks like we are both in mortal danger.” He smiled again, but it was a genuine smile between worried men.
“If that isn’t the understatement of this millennium.” And they both laughed easily at their misfortune. “All of the women together have never been a good sign for any man since the dawn of time.”
Jack stood up and slowly and walked around the table to stand in front of Connor. Looking up he said “I’m going to help you out a little bit. Stand up, take off your shirt and turn your back to me.” Jack held his hand out and helped Connor to stand. He took off his shirt as ordered and sat it on the table.
“What’s going on?” And he silenced Connor with a simple stare. Connor felt him rest his hands over each of his shoulder blades. Moments later, his palms began to heat up and a comfortable warmth grew slowly within the core of his body. Connor’s headache went away and he finally didn’t feel so disoriented. Jack removed his hands and sat on the couch Connor sat at. Connor turned to look at him. “Thank you for that. That was… refreshing.” The silver haired Balancer looked only slightly worn out when he smiled. Connor put his shirt on and sat down to finish the remaining water.

They sat in silence, both resting their eyes until they heard the garage door open. “Father, we’re home! Is Connor here yet?”
“In here, Princess.” He surprised himself at how strong his voice felt and the ease at which the rest of his body reacted as well.
His beautiful princess walked in wearing a white shirt that barely revealed a dark bra underneath. Sandals protected her feet and black shorts gripped her heart shaped posterior. Her green eyes lifted his spirits even higher and her voice was heavenly. “Connor, you look so much better today. Are you feeling any better?”
He stood up saying “Yes, I do especially after your father’s latest treatment.” Connor hugged her and she beamed.
“What kind of treatment?” Jillian walked in with several bags full of food and clothes. She sat the bags down to look at them.
Jack also stood by his side. “I just gave him a little more stamina.”
Jillian came up and then kissed him on the cheek. “Thanks, My Love. I was going to go over today and do it myself, but you beat me too it.”
Sarah let go and hugged Jack and the look on his face was priceless. He went completely rigid and his face went nearly sheet white. It was like he never had a spontaneous hug from her before. As she pulled back he spoke quietly. “What was that for?”
“Father, that was for helping Connor to feel better.” She hugged him again and he softened. “You saved him.”
He finally chuckled. “Hey, I can’t let my son-in-law die when we are just getting to fight with each other. There is still more punishment I’ve yet to deal.”
Connor laughed and everyone turned to look at him. “Hey that’s the best compliment you have given me yet.”
They all began to smile like idiots.

An hour later after the car was unloaded Connor asked Sarah “What have you been up to today? Did you leave the store anything in stock?”
“Shopping.” She answered simply, wearing that kind of grin meant he was in dire trouble.
“What did you buy?” He asked in a cautious and guarded voice.
“You will find out when we get home.” She smiled even brighter at saying it again. And it was then that he really felt that danger loomed overhead.
After everything Jillian bought was put away, Jack helped Connor out by putting everything Sarah bought into the wagon. The wagon looked like a muffin that mushroomed over the sides and top of it. It was heavy yet light enough for him to drag home. 

Sarah held the sides of the bags as they forced the wagon inside the front door of their home. As he sat down in the kitchen he said to Sarah “Last night was the first meal you cooked for me, but I forgot what you made me. I’m sorry.”
She walked over and sat on his lap in the kitchen. She looked at him with a wry, playful smile that was spirit lifting. “We had meatloaf. And I don’t blame you for forgetting. You probably had something else on your mind.” She rested her head on his collar bone.
Feeling playful Connor said lightly “Yeah, I saw a living goddess blushing at a raging erection.” Her head shot up and looked at him before her face flushed. Unexpectedly she wrapped her arms around her neck and pulled him to her lips. Her kiss was even more rejuvenating than getting energy directly from Jack.
“I was so worried about you after what happened last night.” Her eyes started to fill with tears and her voice quivered. “When we got home I saw how drained and weak you were. I wanted you to have something good for you to go to sleep with.” Tears spilled down her cheeks.
Using his thumb to wipe away her tears he said “Sarah, just being with you keeps away all of the nightmares.” And Connor thought of a way to get her mind off of himself. “You’re lucky you know that.”
“How was I lucky when you were the one to get hurt?” Her voice strengthened and her eyes began to harden.
“If I wasn’t so tired, I wouldn’t have been able to restrain myself in the shower with you. We’d be mated… or did you already forget my… reaction?” And it worked perfectly because she stood quickly and her face went red.
She looked around for something to take her mind away from the thoughts in her head while he enjoyed making them. “Umm… Umm…Connor, go to our room and I will show you what I bought.” He stood, walked over to kiss her head and then followed her order to reside in the bedroom until she came in.
Connor heard her quick footfalls in the kitchen along with the refrigerator door opening and closing a few times. With the sounds of the pantry door closing ten minutes later, she knocked on the bedroom door. He said “This is our home. You never need to knock.” She came in bashfully, holding two large bags of clothing. She handed over the two bags. Opening them he smiled up at her.
“These are for you, Connor. Please try them on for me?” She looked a little uncomfortable. Perhaps she was still daydreaming as he was.
“Before I do can I ask you a personal question?” She looked up at him with those soul searching eyes. She nodded, still slightly flushed. “Why did you choose to be a teacher? I suspect that you don’t need the money because these are top of the line designer clothes.”
“I hoped you wouldn’t notice that little detail.” She sighed “Why should I be surprised now? You notice everything.”
“Only because I am in love with the woman I’m noticing.” And he tapped the bed and she sat next to him and looked at the floor.
“This subject doesn’t leave this room. Not even Father and Mother know the exact reason why I’m a teacher these days.” Connor said “Ok.” and she went on by saying “Yes Connor, I do not need any money whatsoever. I have saved and invested much in my lifetime. But if I didn’t teach, I would never have met you.” She looked up at him with a happy smile and matching eyes. “I teach because it keeps me close to normal humans. I like meeting new faces and personalities. Since I have lived for over seven human lifetimes, I’ve noticed just how truly short life is. I need to feel like I can give something to my students during their short terms in this unjust world. I know it sounds foolish…”
Connor put his arm around her. “It is foolish…” She looked at him like he was making fun of her. “But it’s one of the things I love about you. You help while I protect. There will never be a better combo than the two of us.” He kissed her temple and she fell silent.
Connor stood up, carrying the bags she bought. “Where are you going?” He held up the bags and walked to the bathroom. He tried on all of the clothes she bought and remarkably they all fit comfortably. And Connor never thought he could look this good when he saw his reflection. She knocked on the bathroom door and asked “How do they fit?” She walked in and went speechless.
“You have outdone yourself this time.” He walked up and kissed her.
She shook her head to clear her mind and her hair went everywhere, but it was still so amazing just to watch. She mumbled “Greek God.” and looked up to say more clearly “Sit down.” He sat on the commode and she pulled out a pair of scissors and a cloth from the drawer beside the sink. She wrapped the cloth around his thick neck and gave a haircut. After she finished she left and walked in the living room with a pleased expression.
Following her he noticed on the table all of the graded papers she put on hold this weekend for him. “Princess, I have work around the house while you do your teacher thing…” and she laughed at his wording.

Later that night they slept soundly in each other’s arms.

Waking up early Monday morning and feeling normal again Connor put on his newly purchased clothes after he shaved. She bought all dark clothes and they were all mostly black, but all of the shirts were sleeveless and all of the bottoms were shorts along with boxers. Looking in the mirror he smiled at the reflection and thought “Wow! Is this really me? My arms are huge and so are my legs! This short haircut really makes my jaw more defined, but how will others react to my eyes? The armlet fits perfectly. I look like a hulking shadow.”
Connor stepped out of the bathroom to see Sarah leaning on the wall, wearing a green top and white shorts. “Well look who it is… My Knight looking more handsome than ever before.” She pushed herself off the wall and gave him a good morning kiss.
He loved living alone with her.
Before they left he grabbed Sarah’s bag while she grabbed two thick sandwiches. They walked together through the trees and ate their breakfast. They talked about nothing in particular as they crossed the tree line of her parent’s property. It was still a dark morning, and as they came upon Jillian’s house they heard “Brother! Can I ride with Sarah this morning?” When she ran up to them she stopped and her chocolaty eyes completely widened. “Brother? Is that really you? It can’t be…”
“Yes Kara, it is.” Sarah said happily. His easily excitable sister squealed and ran up to hug him, but she stopped mid-jump and turned to hug Sarah instead.
“You are a miracle worker, Big Sister!” She laughed with delight as did Sarah.
“Big Sister huh… so that’s how you see her.” “Kara, what do you think of my new look?” Connor spun around just for her.
“I think no one will recognize you. That will be a given.” And Sarah agreed. “Sarah, you going to need to get a stick, a very big stick.”
“Why would I need one?”
Bluntly, Kara elaborated “To beat away the competition. Now my brother is Hot and the girls are going to flock to him like never before!” At her words, Sarah’s fear, insecurity and jealousy came to life in her eyes like she might actually lose him.
“Sarah, I am yours as you are mine. If anyone comes between us I will stop them if they are a guy and you do the same for the girls.” She smiled in acceptance.
Sarah looked at his obnoxious little sister and then towards him. “I think we need to go. Connor, will you ride with us?”
Connor shook his head. “No we can’t be seen so close together until this last week of school is over. After that, everything will be fair game.” She nodded in understanding, but still looked upset. He walked up and kissed her. All of her fears vanished instantly to be replaced with love. Connor felt grateful he could do so much to her. Then she began winding her fingers through his hair.
“Why don’t you two just get a room?” Kara said impatiently.
Connor pulled away from Sarah to look at his annoying little sister. “Why don’t you and Mark go do the same?” Her face went red and she stomped away silently and in embarrassment. He kissed Sarah’s head before starting his run.

It felt good to stretch his legs with a good sprint through the trails that led to the school. Not a single speck of dirt or piece of nature clung to the new attire. He ran as fast as he could, almost flying through the forest and noticed that since he’s built the cottage that he had become slightly faster. He shaved nearly five minutes off his normal run and still felt great. He didn’t even break a sweat.
Arriving at school Connor walked over to his favorite tree and climbed it.
Mark showed up later with a shout. “Connor, is that you up there?” Feeling better than ever he lunged out of the oak tree and in front of Mark’s path as he walked up. “No Way!” His jaw hung by its hinges. 
“Yep, it’s me Bud. What do you think?” Connor smiled meaningfully at his best friend.
Mark spoke, wide eyed, with his silver eyes blazing with excitement. “I think that you’re now the manliest man in the entire school. It looks like I’ve finally gotten some honest competition. No one will notice who you are with that new look. I can’t wait till they realize...”
They talked continually until the first morning bell rang. Staring straight ahead through the hallways Connor heard what people were saying with his excellent hearing.
From some of the guys he heard “Who is that? Is he new here?” “What is up with those muscles?” “Is he a pro bodybuilder or something?” “What is he doing here?” “We need him for football practice.” “Could he be a student or a new teacher?” And on and on it went.
From some of the girls: “Who is that hunk?” “Is he a movie actor?” “Did you see his butt? What about those arms?” “Who is he?” “Do you think he’s nice or naughty? I’m hoping naughty.” The schools female population’s gossip grew more rowdy and racy from there.

During lunch, Mark sat beside Connor while he crossed his ankles on the bench and threw his head back to enjoy the sun with closed eyes. All this attention was new, but ever so fun to watch people trip over themselves. Everyone kept glancing at him as he looked around the courtyard towards the end of the allotted time before the next class.
One timid little girl approached the two of them while Connor glanced around her to see a flock of other girls telling her to go on and speak to him. “Excuse me?” She said quietly and timidly. She wore a purple top and beige short. She was cute, but nothing compared to his goddess.
“May I help you?” She almost jumped out of her skin as Connor spoke deeply and with unleashed confidence.
“Umm… Yes, my friends and I would like to know what you are doing at our school so late in the year. Where did you transfer from?”
Connor laughed as did Mark. They’ve been waiting all day for someone to have the nerve to come up and personally ask those questions. “I didn’t transfer in from anywhere. I have always gone to this school. I’m Connor.”
“I don’t understand? Connor who? I don’t ever remember you coming here. I would have remembered. No one around here looks like you do.” She looked honestly confused.
“Let me try another way. You might know me by my nickname.” Mark still laughed as his friend continued to tease the poor girl. Connor forced his expression to remain calm, but he wanted to laugh as hard as Mark was doing.
“What is your nickname?” She really wanted to know despite Mark’s incessant laugh.
Connor leaned forward and froze her with his stare, enjoying the reaction. “Everyone here Call’s me… The Black Sheep!” He said in an annoyed voice.
As she tried to remember the nickname and place it with her older memory of him, she froze completely still suddenly. Her face paled and she looked at him again, more closely. She then looked at Mark who no longer laughed and he nodded in confirmation. Her voice became shaky “Umm… Connor I… I have to… a… a…” She turned and ran as fast as she could back to her friends, and for safety. As she told them who he was, their faces paled and they looked at him and back to her like she just lied to them.
Connor stood up from the bench and Mark followed as he walked up to the girl’s table. The students in the courtyard followed his movements as he walked over to them. The little girl who had the nerve to talk, moved over, but stayed close enough to hear what he had to say. Connor leaned down so that only the girls at the table could hear what was to be said. He spoke softly, but they didn’t move or breathe. “Yes ladies. It is me Connor, the Black Sheep.”
One girl bluntly said “But it’s impossible. Why would you look the way you did, if you look so…”
Mark spoke up and saved him because Connor was going to say something not appropriate to say in front of a lady. “He is finally done with everyone kicking him around. He’s now showing everyone who they’ve been messing with.”
The first bell rang a few seconds later. Mark and Connor walked away and as they did, almost everyone flocked to the girls table and stopped when they saw their stunned faces. It made the two of them laugh all the more.

Just before the last bell rang, signifying the start of science, Connor opened the door and walked into class. Mr. V. walked up to Connor with guarded eyes as he looked the student over. The old man stared directly at his knotted arms for a minute, probably trying to figure out if he was dangerous. In fact Connor was; if he dared cross him again. As he looked down at the teacher he asked sharply. “Excuse me, but I think you have the wrong class.” 
The rest of the class watched him and he heard one guy ask quietly to his peer “Is the new guy in our class?” “Nah, this class is already full.”
“You’re wrong Mr. V. I am in this class and have been all year.”
“Bull… I think I should know all my students by now!” He snarled while getting a little red and sweaty.
“Really? Is that so? Hmm… I wonder?” Connor easily sidestepped him, making him gasp at the level of agility he possessed. He walked through the rows of chairs to his empty desk as everyone in the class silently watched the leisurely gait.
Connor sat in his usual desk in the back of class and as the sun hit him his armlet flashed its reflection in Mr. V’s face. The annoying teacher’s expression paled as he began putting the pieces together and his voice sounded in disbelief. “It cannot be! Connor?” Everyone in the class started mumbling his name to one another with mistrust and skepticism.
Connor silenced the crowd by saying “I’m back and not one damn person in this school knew who I truly was. I’m done taking your taunts and punishments because your personal lives are miserable. Now you can all see who I really am.”
Mr. V. hates cursing, unless he does it himself. Such a hypocrite. His voice steeled and took on a demeaning tone. “Connor, why do you look like that? Are you on drugs or something?” His face turned red with fury.
“Are you going to start class or are we going to start playing twenty questions?” Connor sounded bored because he was; especially with the teacher. A girl in the front of the class giggled at the forceful question to take the spotlight off himself and put it back on the teacher.
Mr. V. remained angry, but chose the right path and started class.
Mr. V. was doing the day’s lecture while standing behind the computer on his desk. During his lengthy speech he stated “There are only one hundred and sixteen elements in the periodic table of the elements…”
“Wrong! There are one hundred and eighteen currently known elements and it is still growing with each and every scientific discovery and manmade breakthrough! Science isn’t set in stone and is subject to change, you should learn to do the same.” His expression was in shock. Connor took it as a sign to finally put him in his rightful place. “The elements are separated into two broad classifications; Metals and Nonmetals. The Metals are then broken and divided again into Alkali, Alkaline Earth, Lanthanides, Actinides, Transition elements, Other metals and Metalloids. The Nonmetals break down into Other nonmetals, Halogens and noble gasses. Anything that hasn’t been classified yet is put into the Unknown category until it can be properly manufactured or found. Some have theorized that there are more than two hundred and fifty elements, but until the theories can be effectively applied or discovered we’ll not know.” He spoke clearly so that Mr. V. and everyone else could hear him.
The entire class looked at him as if Connor had lost his mind for interrupting a teacher, while the vein in Mr. V’s forehead vein visibly pulsed. His face became even redder, if it could be possible. “Connor!” He yelled directly at him. “I will not be disrespected in my own class!”
Connor zeroed his eyes onto the balding hypocrite. “You mean like how you have always disrespected me in front of everyone!” Connor’s temper rose, but his voice turned to cold steel. The teacher looked like he was going to murder him until Connor stood up from his seat. He stared down the science teacher like he was a misbehaving child. His classmates took a quick deep breath and held it.
Mr. V’s. face began to pale and ashen as Connor walked around his table and stood in the man’s personal space. He stood with his back facing the class as Connor stood in front of him, staring down upon him with cold anger. To the students it must have looked like a fat, balding miniature poodle faced off an enraged and massive Great Dane. He set his angered gaze to look down the pompous fool in front of him. One forceful command passed Connor’s teeth that the teacher probably has never heard before from a student. “Move!”
As he obeyed and moved over from the computer Connor felt the atmosphere of the class change and actually heard the class exhale a deep breath, as one, with relief. As Connor bent down to work on his computer he went on the internet and pulled up an updated Periodic table. Once it was pulled up he stood tall, towering over the now weak man who was all bark compared to Connor’s bite.
“I said you were wrong Mr. V. Look here at the element chart and it back’s my objection to your outdated chart that is over forty years old.” Walking past him and back to his seat the teacher looked down at the computer and looked over the screen. Sitting down at his chair Connor caught his attention again. “Next time, study up before you look like a fool in front of all your students. Especially, if there is a student who knows more about the elements and sciences than you do!”
After a minute of stunned silence Mr. V said in a restrained voice “Alright Mr. May, let’s see if you are as good as you say you are.”
Over the next fifteen minutes he gave an oral quiz in the middle of class. Connor answered all of his questions instantly and correctly as he read off of the computer in front of his desk. Having an eidetic memory came in handy. The teacher let out a sigh and looked up in disbelief “How do you know all of this?”
Connor startled him and the rest of the class by laughing. “Didn’t anyone miss me this past month or did you find another person to torment in my stead?” He looked around at everyone’s stunned silence. “I guess no one missed me whatsoever.” He shifted in the seat and sat straight up. “The reason for my absence was that I received many acceptance letters and scholarships from well recognized Colleges. Harvard, Yale, Brown. Mainly in the path of science, after I took their specialized tests when they didn’t believe that I intentionally skewed my high school transcripts to the bare minimum on purpose. I had to prove my knowledge because of my low school grades. I’ve been holding back, trying to keep my grades from making me be more noticed. If I tried I could easily go beyond an A in every test you threw at me.” Their stunned faces couldn’t be more priceless as they believed his well rehearsed lie. “What? You all thought that not only was I unattractive, but also ignorant?” he started laughing again. “It looks like not even one person knew who I was, let alone any of my capabilities. You’re all simpleminded fools.”
One kid on the other side of the class room said under his breath “Well I feel a little shallow.”
Connor looked directly at him “You all should.” His face went white and he nodded saying “Yes, I heard you.” He looked up at Mr. V. “Now can we finish the lesson before the bell rings or all of you going to stare like frightened deer in front of a car? Either way I win. Or do you need another lesson in humility and that your lessons are so outdated I learned them in the fifth grade?” Connor was finally having the greatest day of his life. School didn’t feel so miserable now that he could prove he was more than their shallow misconceptions.
Mr. V. started class again, but spoke quietly for the rest of the class and he kept glancing at Connor with malice for making him look bad. “Welcome into my former place, old man.”
Finally the bell rang and the class left silently. Connor’s favorite class was next. Meeting Mark in the hallway and entering History class just before the class started he was stopped in his tracks.

***

Throughout the entire school day Sarah kept hearing rumors of a good looking body builder in the school. And she knew who exactly they spoke of, he’s her fiancé and hers alone. Just like he said this morning. All of the young men were talking about how he could have achieved those muscles while the girls wanted to meet him. “Kara, you were right. I am jealous. I can feel the hackles on the back of my neck rising. I need to control myself… Control… Control.”
As most of the students settled in for the final class of the day Sarah wondered where Connor could be. Her fears were relieved as he walked in the door as the bell rang. What shocked her, Connor and Mark came next.
Almost everyone stood up and started applauding for Connor, but a snide person remained silent. People were saying “Congratulations” and “Welcome back.” Connor finally unfroze and looked at everyone, he then asked the class “What’s going on in here?”
One of the girls in the class answered “All of us wanted to say good job for making Mr. V. look like an idiot.” Her name is Caliegh; a former cheerleader.
“You did what?” Sarah looked at him as he turned to look at her with a smile that relieved her worry.
The girl answered for Connor. “I was in science when Mr. V. was lecturing us on the elements again. Connor made him look like a frightened child when he stood up. Connor proved that our teacher was lacking compared to his surprising knowledge. We were all surprised. Mr. V. quizzed him in the classroom and he answered everything perfectly. It was almost funny.”
“Well it’s no wonder, my man is a genius after all.” Sarah said under her breath and she saw Connor smile. “I know. I know. You heard me.”
Connor still stood at the door along with Mark when another student stood up. “I know all of us treated you like garbage. I was wondering if you would forgive our actions.”
Connor’s face became an unreadable mask. “No.” He said evenly. Everyone’s eyes went wide including Sarah’s. “Connor, why don’t you forgive them like you do everything else?” “What? You think forgiveness is a right you deserve to be given? You’re all ignorant, pathetic, and lazy children if you think that way. Forgiveness is not given, it is earned! Prove it to yourselves and to me, then one day you might be forgiven. Not everything can be given to you.”
Connor and Mark walked silently back to their normal seats in the back of the room. The class remained quiet long enough so she started the lesson.

That night, when they got home Sarah asked him at the dinner table “Tell me what happened during your school day?” Connor made a large mushroom and pepperoni pizza for dinner.
“I was finally able to show people who I really am. It is all thanks to you, Princess.” And she smiled. Connor asked after another bite “Did you hear any juicy gossip about me before I came into class?”
“Actually, I did.” And Sarah told him everything that she overheard.
They both laughed throughout the night telling stories about their day. Sarah really laughed at how he made her colleague look like a know-it-all child who didn’t know anything whatsoever.

The next three days went by in nearly a blur. In her class the students were trying to be forgiven. She had to give them some credit. They were actually trying. The students asked many questions about him and what he was about, without malice. One of the male students asked “Connor, where do you work out? How did you develop this physique?”
“I’m an outdoorsman. I hike long distances, travel, track and I run to school and back every day.”
His follow up question was “Then how many miles do you run in any given day?”
“At least sixteen miles… Why?” And everyone looked at each other like Connor just grew another head.

Just before the bell rang to signal the end of the school day Sarah sat at her desk and saw a beautiful girl with an olive tone complexion walk up to Connor. It was Caliegh again, the former cheerleader captain. She wore a low cut white shirt that showed her black bra and endowed breasts that were larger and more defined than hers were. She also had a low cut blue jean shorts that exposed long legs. She had a curvy, hourglass figure that sent every male begging to her like little puppies looking for a good toy to chew on.
Her rich and silky voice asked Connor who was looking the other way “Connor?” He turned his head to look at her with a confused expression. “Connor, is it alright if I ask a personal question?” Her hands were twirling her long strawberry blonde hair.
“I’ll answer it if I can. Go ahead.” His voice was even.
“Do you have a girlfriend?” She looked away trying to be shy, which Sarah knew she was faking. If she knew, so did Connor. Sarah felt so very jealous, but she couldn’t say anything until tomorrow afternoon.
Connor burst out with laughter which made everyone look at him. “What are you planning?” He slowly stood up, towering and eclipsing over the girl. He rested his hand gently on her shoulder. Connor spoke softly “Caliegh, I am sorry that was rude, but yes I am taken.”
Mathew interrupted rudely saying “Yeah right!”
Connor simply looked at Mathew, which shut him up instantly. “Don’t interrupt me when I speak to a lady.” He looked back down to her and he continued speaking calmly. “I’m sorry about that. Some people are just innately rude and inconsiderate.” He removed his hand and looked around the class as he softly said “Do not ask me about her because I will not explain. My love life is none of your concern.” Caliegh turned away blushing from being turned down.

The bell rang and everyone left the class except Mark and Connor. Mark elbowed him in the ribs “Well are you going to tell your best friend who this mystery woman is?” He shot a playful glance at her.
“I think I can trust you. She’s actually an underwear supermodel.” Connor shot a playful smile at her.
“Well she must be quite a woman to be able to put up with you.”
“Your right about that. She has to also be capable of feeding him too.” Sarah finally chipped in and the three of them had a small laugh at their mild idiocy.

The next morning Sarah looked up from the bed to see Connor laying on his side, looking at her passionately and wearing the smile that she loves. She yawned and turned on her side and moved closer, bringing her body flush with his. “Connor, what’s gotten you so happy this morning?”
His smile widened “Think, Princess. What is today?”
Thinking and not fully awake she retorted “It’s Friday.”
His particular smile made her wake up just a little bit quicker. She became fully awake after he said his next statement. “Yes it is Friday and it’s the last day of school. We will no longer be restricted after today. We may do as we will.”
“Your right,” Comprehension grew by the moment. She could finally be with Connor completely. His hand slipped down to clutch her bottom as he pulled her closer to his face. She loved the firm feel of his hands on her. They kissed with relief knowing that the deadline will be over in a few short hours.
Connor wore the usual dark tops and bottoms that he modeled for the last day of school as she wore a sunny yellow top with blue jeans.
As this was the last day Sarah noticed that for the last day of school they always throw a school wide party for all classes. All of the clubs had a different booth. There were so many games like karaoke, tug of war, flag football, water balloon fights, dunk the teacher, ring the bell and many other relays. As this is the last day the school, it will close earlier at one rather than three in the afternoon. Like the students, teachers may do as they like and play the games, but they need to keep an eye out for any troublemakers.
Connor met up with her and was followed by both Mark and Kara. Kara wore her usual pink top and orange pants while Mark wore a silver shirt and silver shorts. “Hello everyone, what should we do first?” Sarah asked as soon as they were close enough to speak conversationally.
“I know, let’s show off the new and improved Brother!” Kara chirped.
“No way!” Connor didn’t want to show off. Sarah’s grin spread.
“I second Kara’s proposal.” This came from his best friend Mark, who wore a feral smile. He looked as giddy as his girlfriend, and she approved.
Connor looked at Sarah with pleading eyes. She smiled widely and then said “I’m sorry Connor, but I want you to show off in front of everyone too. Show them what you are made of.” She patted him on the back.
Kara ran up beside Sarah and took her arm in her own. “You hear that, Brother! That’s three to one. Now let’s go and have some fun.” Kara dragged Sarah to the Ring the Bell booth. The line grew long and full of boys trying to show off their manhood by slamming the rubber mallet on the lever, to try and ring the bell at the top of the tower.
Mark and Connor stood in line for ten minutes, under some subtle coaxing from their women. As they waited, Kara and Sarah only heard three people ring the bell out of twenty, but only just a faint chime could be heard. As Mark came up first, the operator handed him the mallet. Mark tested the weight of the object in his hands. Connor stood back as Mark positioned himself in front of the red lever. As Mark’s mallet struck the lever with a speed that seemed difficult to achieve with his frame, many heard the bell ring louder than the previous times. Mark came up to Kara with a pink teddy bear. “This is for you.” She took it with a red face and a grateful smile.
Now it was her Connor’s turn to try and make some noise for the crowd. Sarah heard some of the people talking about him and wondering if his highly developed muscles were all for show. That put a smile on quite a few faces. They were all proven wrong in thinking all his hard work didn’t have a meaning or use.
The operator was a small girl that looked to be a sophomore and she walked up and tried to hand him the mallet. “Here you go.”
Connor waved his hand away from the little girl. “No thank you. I won’t be needing that toy.” She looked confused while everyone in line started laughing at Connor’s boast. He balled up his fist and walked up to the lever, took a small breath and swung his fist like Mark swung the hammer. As Connor’s fist met the board the ringer shot straight up and hit the bell with a loud TING and everyone in the line and the other spectators went completely silent. The ring was so loud that it echoed several times within the courtyard. Kara, Mark and Sarah were among the speechless. The crowd more so.
Moments later Kara yelled “Way to go, Brother!” And then everyone wanted to congratulate Connor, but he walked over to the gift rack with a smile on his face and picked a present from the box. He smiled and quickly shoved it in the bag before Sarah had a chance to see what he picked. 
From then on, every guy had two tries at Ring the Bell. They tried their best to copy what Connor did, only for all of them to utterly fail in the attempt. Not one even reached half the distance. From then on everyone got two tries; one with their fist and the other with the mallet. One kid hurt his hand attempting this stunt. 
Connor came up to the three of them with a grin. “Have I showed off enough for you three yet?”
“Not in the least, next we need to dunk the teacher.” Mark said and then turned to look at Sarah.
“Oh No, No, No. Think again. I’m not getting dunked.” Kara saved her from the dreaded dunk tank by turning Mark’s playful glare away.
As all four of them got in line they noticed that it wasn’t a teacher, but the principal himself who sat behind the net and on a board designed to drop him in the water beneath him. He was a tall and thin man but recently he’s grown a beard. Sarah still needed to thank him for finding another place for her to reach her mail. The principal seemed a stern man, but he loves to make fun of himself so that’s why he was in there.
Sarah went first up and she threw three times and only managed to dunk him once. Kara was next and she hit the plate dead center all three times. “Wow Kara. You have really good aim.” Sarah said in astonishment, but she cut into the congratulations. Her chocolate eyes were twinkling in excitement.
“Wait till you see Brother…” She left Sarah hanging.
Connor went next and took the three baseballs from the operator and walked away. Everyone began yelling for him to come back, they thought he was stealing the balls until he pivoted and turned around. He now stood three times further back than the yellow line. He took one ball and threw it. You could hear the ball whistling through the air and all you could hear was the loud clang of the ball hitting a bull’s eye on the plate. Everyone went speechless again as he did it two more times, proving he knew what he was doing. He walked up with a smile to the prizes again and did the same thing with another prize hidden in his bag.
Not to be outdone, Mark did the exact same thing that Connor achieved. The ball whistled through the air and hit the plate every time. It was remarkable how well Mark could keep up with Connor. He gave Kara a purple rubber bracelet as his prize because they didn’t have her favorite color. “It looks like both of our men like to give us presents, right Kara?” Her face turned beat red and she nodded as Sarah whispered this in her ear.
“Well what’s next on your to do list?” Connor looked directly at Sarah with a smile that said he was actually beginning to have fun.
She looked around and saw the perfect thing for him to do “That!” and then pointed. He looked where she pointed and said “Really? Well if you say so… Hey Mark would you like to pair up?”
Mark looked over to see what they were discussing and his eyes glistened as he saw her idea. “Oh Buddy, they are all going to so hate us after this. Hey wait a minute, come here for a second. I have an awesome plan.” Connor went over and leaned down to let Mark whisper in his ear. Connor had a feral smile growing. And they suddenly took off into the crowd.
Kara stood next to Sarah and she too had the same smile on that Connor just had. “Kara, did you hear their plan?”
She turned that smile on Sarah and grabbed her wrist. She dragged her through the crowd saying “Oh you are going to love this, Sarah. No one will ever forget this! Not after today.” Sarah had a deep and strange feeling that she wouldn’t be proven wrong.
Finally reaching the destination Sarah heard Mark issue a challenge to the crowd. “Everyone Listen Up! The former Black Sheep, Connor and I issue a challenge to anyone who thinks that they can beat us in a match of Tug of War!”
“I accept the challenge!” Sarah knew that voice anywhere, Mathew.
Kara standing beside her said “Yes… Their plan is working.” And it finally dawned. They issued a challenge aimed at the people who picked on them for so long and this would be their revenge. A feral grin too spread over her face as Sarah thought about the humiliation their two men were about to serve up.
“I too accept!” Came a deep voice from the crowd. It was her disrespectful colleague Mr. V. It was no real surprise that these two idiots took the bait so easily.
A total of seven men accepted the challenge, the others were also from the football team. The tug of war challenge was a solid piece of rope and between the long rope laid a large, hungry pit of black, muddy water. The school’s faculty and students all surrounded the arena. Everyone came to witness. This event would be told for years to come. What came next stunned the entire audience and the challengers except for Kara and herself.
As the seven men stood by the rope Connor looked at Mark and yelled in his deep voice. “LET’S DO IT!” Mark went first. He grabbed his silver shirt and pulled it off over his head. His torso muscles were bulging on his smaller frame. next to his friend, Mark’s chest was hairier, but no less impressive.
Next came Connor’s shocking performance. He pulled off his shirt to reveal the body of a Greek God. His black X was perfectly centered on his chest and was announced to the world. The result of seeing this silenced the crowd. Mark’s torso looked like an exact replica of Connor’s, but only on a smaller scale. It was truly a sight of two perfect male specimens.
The men who accepted the challenge looked at each other and looked like lambs being led to the slaughter. If Mark’s and Connor’s grins said anything, they said ‘That’s exactly where you all are heading.’
Sarah immediately heard some people gossiping. “Look at that big tattoo on his chest!” “Look at those muscles that those two have!” “What are they made of?” and so on…
Kara whispered in Sarah’s ear “Let’s be the Ref’s.” She took her hand again and led to the edge of the muddy water. Kara yelled “Are the challengers ready? Are the Beefcake’s ready?” At that everyone laughed and Mark said “I’m ready to show some losers what it’s like to be dumped on.” Connor didn’t say anything, but his eyes were blazing with payback.
Mathew yelled to his companions “They are only two and we are seven. We can take out these freaks and put them back in their rightful places.” And the other men agreed. They quickly grasped their rope in hopes of feeling superior to the two men standing across the black water.
Sarah felt slightly shocked by the strength of her voice as were everyone else. “Quality always trumps Quantity! And all of you are going to find that out the hard way!” She looked at Mathew and Mr. V. pointedly. “Get ready…” The nine men picked up the rope and took away the slack. “GO!!!” And the challengers pulled with all of their strength.
As all of the men pulled, Mark let go of the rope, stepped aside and allowed Connor to do everything by himself. “Mark, what are you doing…? Oh now I see.” Connor jaw was set as were his eyes. Everyone soon started to laugh at Connor, thinking he couldn’t take on everyone by himself until he proved the spectators wrong. Both of Connor’s feet were firmly planted and the muscles on his arms were proving that Connor clearly had the strength equal to the seven men. Thirty seconds passed and Connor didn’t budge a single inch. The challengers were still pulling with everything they had and they were dripping with sweat. They even tried jerking the rope, but didn’t gain the effect they were hoping for. Seven large men began growing more and more tired while their lone opponent barely broke a sweat and looked to still have a huge reservoir of strength.
Connor finally shouted “Mark! Now!”
Mark grabbed the rope in front of his best friend and dug his heels in. He pulled. As the two men pulled, they gained four feet on the first tug. The duo didn’t yank the leash this time, but they started running backwards at an incredible speed. They pulled the seven men into the mud pit like they were being pulled by a freight train. They had no chance of avoiding the inevitable outcome.
The wet and dirty men looked like the creatures from the black lagoon as they eventually pulled themselves out. It was funny because Mr. V. was cursing as well as Mathew did.
Everyone was still silent until Sarah said “Told you Quality trumps Quantity.” Then the crowd laughed and came running to congratulate the victors.
Sarah overheard some of the later comments. “How was he strong enough to do any of that, let alone Mark?” “Did you see that tattoo? It was awesome!” “I wish I was that strong!” Her favorite comment came from a little girl she didn’t recognize. “I wish that I could be his girlfriend instead of this mystery woman he’s dating. Lucky girl!” and she sighed. “Your right child I am lucky and so very proud.”
Connor and Mark walked past everyone, putting on their shirts again and walked up to Kara and herself. Everyone walked away and left them to speak in private. Mark spoke first and he radiated pride. “So ladies what do you think of our spectacular performance?”
Kara said awkwardly “I’m just glad that you two waited until today to show off. If you would have showed everyone who you really were, we would have never gotten a chance. Sarah with Connor and me with you. I’m lucky we knew who you really were before all this.” She looked down at the grass. None of them had ever seen her look shy before. It was frightening.
“I agree with Kara.” She looked up at Sarah with a faint smile. “If you two didn’t hide yourselves we would never have gotten so close.”
Mark walked up to Kara and gave her a hug. Connor said for all of them to hear “Listen you two. We would never date shallow girls, we chose quality women instead.” And Mark agreed with every word.

Twenty minutes later the final bell rang, signaling the end of the last day of school. As the students and faculty left, Connor looked at Mark. “Looks like we don’t need to hide anymore.” The four of them sat on an outside bench in the courtyard together.
“Your right, Buddy! The three of us are now graduated seniors.” Mark took Kara in his arms and firmly planted a kiss on her lips. Her eyes went wide, but soon she got the idea and wrapped her arms around his head and returned the gesture. As they separated, she asked breathlessly “Wow. What was that for?” He answered with only a coy smile. He looked at Connor and Connor nodded. Mark walked away from the two of them holding hands with Kara.
“What was that all about?” Sarah turned to look at Connor.
He wasn’t paying attention to her because he began digging in the bag he has been hiding from her all day. He quickly put something in her hands that felt very soft yet hard. Looking down, Sarah saw a doll. It wasn’t just any old doll, it was a porcelain doll that truly is a real antique. It was wearing a black and green dress and it wore a tiara. “Is this doll a princess?”
“Yes it is. And it is a matching pair with this.” He sat down another doll in her hand, only this one was wearing a black suit of armor. “I thought it was a good reference to us since you are my princess.” He spoke softly.
Tears started filling in her eyes. “And you are my knight.” He bent closer and she met him halfway with a kiss of her own. As they separated she asked “Would you like to go home? I need some peace and quiet from all of today’s events.” He nodded and for the first time he rode inside her car.

As Sarah parked the car in the garage she saw her mother’s face framed in the window, looking at them closely. Jillian shook her head and then nodded, her expression was easy to read. She was asking if Sarah made her choice. Even if she didn’t contact her with her telepathy, Sarah knew exactly what she was asking without being wry.
Sarah nodded.
Jillian’s face started radiating pure joy. Sarah saw her disappear from the window before Connor had a chance of spotting her.
As they left her parents garage, Connor entwined their fingers and walked in silence through the forest. It felt as if they made it to the cottage in seconds because Sarah’s thoughts were going in every direction. Connor was being a gentleman, allowing her to enter first. He didn’t say anything about her silence or perpetual blushing.
They ate an average dinner that she made to keep her hands from being idle. As they ate her heart continued thrumming like a humming bird’s. As he finished his meal first he finally asked “You have been awfully quiet lately. What’s the problem? Maybe I can help.” Her face went deep red at his innocent statement. She started eating faster to keep her mind occupied. As she finished and looked up, he moved his chair back and took the plates off the table to put them in the sink. He sat back down and just waited patiently for an answer.
Taking a few deep breaths to try and calm her nerves, which didn’t work, Sarah asked “Did you enjoy yourself today?”
“Yes I did because I was able to show off for you. I’m not sure things could get any better.” His dreamy eyes spoke the honest truth and hope blossomed in her chest. “Why prolong this hungry ache?” In a quiet voice she asked “Are you sure about that?” He tilted his head, searching for an answer. “Now that we are free to do as we like… I was wondering…? If you…well … We?” Sarah decided to blurt it out quickly. “Connor I want to be your mate. Do you still want to be mine?”
“Yes.” No doubt even registered in Connor’s eyes as he spoke immediately.
“Good, let’s finally become one!” Sarah stood and grabbed his hand to lead him towards their bedroom. “It is finally time we become whole.”
There wasn’t anything else keeping them apart.
It was time to connect.





Man and Woman

“Good, let’s finally become one!” rang over and over in his head. Sarah stood up from her chair and her hair billowed out as she rounded the table to take his hand. Connor couldn’t believe how red her complexion had become. She took him as far as the bathroom and pointed at their bedroom. “I need to prepare myself. Wait in there for me.”
She walked in and shut the bathroom door quickly.
Connor followed her order and walked in the bedroom. His heart started racing in anticipation and anxiety because he began to fully grasp the situation and wondering just exactly what needed to be done to become a Balancer because it was simple to deduce that there’s more to it than simply becoming one body. As he entered the room he heard the shower start. Taking off all of his clothes, and putting them in the hamper, he glimpsed at himself and felt a moment of hesitation. He wasn’t a small man in any aspect, but Sarah might have complications linking herself with him and hoped she’d be alright. All that he wore now was the armlet and it help ease the thoughts of hurting her. She knew what she had to do and his attributes must have been accepted if she wanted to go through with this. She had seen him fully in the shower once before. Connor lifted the bed sheet and slid between them. As he heard the shower running, his mind raced.
“I can’t believe my day. Waking up with a beautiful woman, having a little bit of fun expressing myself, making everyone gasp at I revealed my chest to everyone and throwing all of my enemies in the mud. That was the most fun I’ve had in my entire schooling career. Now I am home waiting to wait for my one purpose for living. I wonder what the full ritual consists of, but I hope that I don’t hurt her... What’s going to happen when we become mates? What will we be capable of?” On and on his mind went until the shower eventually stopped running.

Ten minutes later Sarah entered their room wearing a light green bath robe. She walked slowly around the bed and her face remained flushed not only from the hot shower, but also from her shy nature and what she committed herself to doing. She slid between the sheets and then took off her robe. All Connor could be capable of viewing was her slightly moist hair as she scuttled under the sheets. She slid closer until both of their naked bodies touched. 
She felt so soft and warm from the shower that he almost lost track of who he was. Sarah looked up at him with her long, damp hair trailing behind on the bed. “Connor, I love you. Are you ready to become one with me?”
He looked down at her and said from the core of his very being “Sarah, I love you as well. Yes I am ready. Is there something I need to do?”
“No, I have to do this. Just try and stay relaxed.” “Yeah like I can relax now!”
Sarah pushed herself off the bed to sit up. The cover’s slid down and for the second time he viewed her delicate perfection, only this time outside the shower and he was capable of using all his faculties and didn’t feel drained. Now that Connor wasn’t almost incapacitated from utter exhaustion, she looked even more exquisite than she looked before in his hazy memory. She then pushed the sheet off his chest and she stared into his longing eyes for a moment.
Sarah then propped herself on her knees and straddled his middle. Her long, thick hair draped over her shoulders, covering her beaded breasts. She then smiled in complete happiness and arousal before she leaned down and kissed him tenderly. Connor’s body reacted to it and as she removed her lips from his, the look in her eyes said it was time. She lifted herself up and tried to ease herself down, finding it difficult to become one. With a little coaxing she found a way, wincing from the pleasure-pain as their bodies finally connected into one being. She let out a moan of pain and she accidently scratched his ribs simultaneously. A slight mist of tears filled her eyes, but she didn’t stop. This is what they both wanted.
As she made love to him, Connor began to notice that her fair skin started to have a faint glow. “Wait she’s glowing…?” And yes the longer they were connected together her body continued to glow brighter and brighter. Over the next few minutes a crackling and hissing sound continued getting louder in the room. It reminded him of electricity crackling the air, zapping to release the energy and then came the smell of ionized air that saturated the room. He knew the smell of ozone. Her body kept becoming brighter and her hands started to glow even more brilliant than the rest of her body. It was almost like suddenly staring directly at a 250watt light bulb after your eyes had been adjusted to the darkest of nights. Her body shook with tremors of pleasure as she came closer to achieving what she needed to do.
What she did next he will never forget for the rest of his life.
“Connor, this is the contract ceremony of the Balancers. This contract is known as Balancer’s Soul.” She said in a breathless voice of exhausted passion and need as her chest heaved from the exercise and the sensations they shared. She then closed her glowing bright eyes, slowly.
Sarah’s right hand moved to rest over her exposed left breast, directly over her heart. With the bright and glowing hand, she pushed in slowly. Her hand literally went into and through her breast like nothing solid occupied the space to halt her palm’s advance. The palm of her hand completely immersed itself in her chest. Her body had somehow became almost intangible, but he could still feel that they were connected and somehow separate. It looked like she was digging for something within herself, around the area of her heart. Her arm flexed moments later and she pulled something out.
It was glowing the same color as her eyes. An almost translucent and iridescent orb with of pulsing rays of emerald green light rested in her delicate right hand. It spiraled and rotated in her hand like it had a life of its own. It was, without a doubt her life-force. It was the size of a baseball and she held it with both reverence and joy. Her eyes gazed upon the orb longingly, like she has always wanted to see it. Connor felt the heat that radiated from it upon his very skin. It felt like a warm sun in the spring time. He could feel the love and purity of her spirit coming from the object that she pulled from within.
Sarah looked down at him with glowing eyes that said ‘It’s your turn.’
She rested her glowing and empty left hand upon his chest, over his own heart. Connor felt the energy in the palm of her hand soaking through his skin and into his body, wanting access. He didn’t move, knowing that whatever she was doing was important and could not be altered. “I trust you.” Not a moment later after that thought, Connor felt her hand push through her chest. There wasn’t any sense of pain, but it was not a comfortable feeling either. A strange pressure weighed heavily in the chest cavity from the added mass of her hand. Connor felt her finger’s moving inside his chest until she wrapped her fingers around something inside of his. She found what she was searching for. Something that he never knew existed in the first place, but there nonetheless. She had a firm grip on it and pulled it gently out of his chest.
As Connor looked down he saw another orb of pulsating energy, his. The only difference were in the colors. Blue and brown lights mixed together as it swirled. The orb’s color was a pulsating and warm hazel.
Sarah held each of the glowing orbs in her hands and looked at them with a loving, tender smile. She held both of her hands straight out in front of her and she slowly merged the individual orbs together. As they touched, electricity and plasma struck between and out of the two orbs. One strike of the horde of electrical arcs went through his sternum and the weird thing was, it didn’t hurt at all. There wasn’t a mark from the strike, no pain, nothing… As Sarah pushed the orbs into one, her body stopped glowing instantly. It was like turning off a light switch. The only light that still shone in the room emanated from the now much larger single orb that looked to be slowly fading away. It shone with a mix of green and hazel colors and it had grown into the size of a basketball. As it rotated above his body it looked to be dissipating and disappearing, but he noticed tiny particles flowing into both Sarah’s and his own body. The massive orb began dissolving and covering and encasing their entire bodies until Connor could feel more energy flowing into himself, and he was sure that Sarah felt it too. As the last of the orb disappeared the encasing cocoon of energy had saturated into their bodies.
Sarah still sat on top and linked as she breathlessly said “Connor, we are now true mates.” She looked exhausted from the intense experience and she most undoubtedly was. She started to fall backwards from where she sat and he caught her before she fell. Connor turned and laid her next to him and through half opened eyes she asked “Connor, I am tired. Could you please bring me some food?”
“Of course… With whatever you did, it sure looked like it took its toll.” he kissed her cheek and ran into the kitchen feeling nearly weightless. Connor had an odd feeling in the pit of his stomach that she wanted something with sugar. “How in the world do I know that she needs sugar? Wait…”
Connor closed his eyes and focused on that strange sensation in the pit of his stomach and could feel exactly where she stayed and how far away she was. “So this must be the feeling of knowing where your mate is at all times.” Connor wasn’t too hungry since she did all the work and grabbed a bottle of soda from the fridge and some cereal for her.
He ran back in the room and saw Sarah try and sit up. “Princess, let me help you do that.” Her legs were and muscles were exhausted. He slipped back into bed and handed her the two items. Connor was able to sit her up between his legs and laid her back against his chest. She started with the soft drink first and almost drank the entire bottle before she took a breath. He had to stop her from eating the cereal just yet. “Sarah, let your stomach settle first or you will not be able to keep anything down. I don’t want you to get sick.” Then she softly burped from the excess carbonation.
“What did you have planned while we wait?” She leaned her head back onto his chest. “Ravishing me this time?” She sounded a little livelier after drinking so much. She sighed in blissful contentment as she crossed her ankles on the bed. He then caught her smile as she gazed at her silver anklet.
“For one thing, what were those orbs?” Connor asked quietly in her ear.
She giggled playfully. “They weren’t orbs, silly, those were actually the physical representation of our souls! I had to collect our essence into the spheres before I could extract them. Our hearts are the only place to gather and sustain the energy until I was able to pull out both of our souls…”
“Our Souls?” he sounded even more confused because he truly was.
“Yes, our souls.” She snuggled into his chest a little more. “Being a female Balancer I only had, in the simplest terms, half of a soul. You have heard of the saying ‘Searching for your other half.’ Haven’t you?”
“Of course I have.” And she continues saying calmly “Well it is a saying that originated from an unmated Balancer searching for their partner, like I was.” She looked up at him and smiled brightly. “Having a half soul is like you growing up without the use your right arm. You can survive, but you still feel like you’re missing something important. Now I can use the once dead limb.
“I took my soul and your soul and put them together. Now we are in the truest sense Soul Mates. And we will be that way forever.”
Another question came out of nowhere, but he was the one to ask. “What about the colors? They were the same color as our…”
“Eyes.” She interrupted his rambling. “Ever heard the expression; The eyes are the gateway to the soul?” She pointed to her exposed chest. “That also came from Balancers as well. Our souls are always the exact same color as our eyes.” She looked at the cereal box hungrily. “May I eat now?” She pleaded and Connor gave in.
“Yes, but eat slowly.” He cautioned and she took the advice and ate. As she ate Connor wondered what was going through her mind and suddenly a weird sensation on his forehead gave a gentle tug. It felt like his mind began reaching outside his skull as if it weren’t there blocking the way anymore. “… so very amazing. I thought I wouldn’t be able to make him fit, but I did! Damn it still hurts, but felt so good. Now we are together, forever… Mother didn’t tell me how much energy was to be expended, but at least I didn’t get a headache…”
“I’m glad.”
“You’re glad about what? Finally being together with me?” She giggled innocently and she rubbed his thigh.
“No silly. That you didn’t get a headache.” And she went completely rigid.
“What did you say?” She turned slowly with shocked eyes. She soon had the covers wrapped around her torso and a handful of cereal clutched in one hand.
“You were the one who said that ‘at least I didn’t get a headache.’.” Connor looked at her confused. “You were the one to say it.”
Her eyes went wide as she said seriously “No I didn’t. I thought it.” Her face began to turn white.
“Really? Try thinking some more.” He closed his eyes and had the same sensation on his forehead. “There is no way he could hear my thoughts. It’s not possible for mates to read each other’s mind!” he opened his eyes to say “Well it is possible, in our case.” Connor tilted his head curiously and asked playfully “Princess, see if you’re able to read my mind now?”
This was so strange for the both of them.
She looked at him like he’d lost his mind, which he might have. She closed her eyes and Connor felt her reaching for his mind, but it was no longer uncomfortable. Something had changed somewhere deep within him, but he felt physically fine if not better. “Sarah? Can you hear me? If you can, I love you with all that I am!”
Her eyes shot open and he knew that she heard his thoughts. “I love you with all that I am too.” Her eyes started to water almost happily. He wondered if she had always wanted to be in his mind. “How is this possible?” She asked.
“I have no idea!” he became excited from these new, manifesting gifts. “Let’s test it out real quick. Let’s have a mental conversation together.” Connor smiled and she did as well, but her eyes looked a little unsure. Sarah eventually closed her eyes as he did.
“Connor, are you there?” Sarah started their first mental conversation.
“Yes.” He opened his eyes yet hers remained closed. “How do you feel?”
“I do not have any idea how this is possible. This is supposed to be unattainable for mates. We are doing the impossible! I’ve never heard of mates ever being able to speak in this manner.”
“You seem very afraid.” Connor could feel her fear in the pit of his gut.
“I’m just so…confused, you could say. Connor, putting aside that we can communicate telepathically, you shouldn’t be able to read another’s mind yet!”
“Why not? After you fused our souls together, I became a male Balancer, right?” She finally opened her emerald eyes, slowly.
“Connor, that’s exactly my point. You have only recently become a male Balancer. It’s only been a handful of minutes.” She started speaking aloud and she shook her head. “It takes at least a year for your body to evolve completely. Do you remember when you asked about the differences between Balancers and humans? I told you that it will take a year for your mind to grow.”
“Of course I remember. And during the course of the year I will slowly lose all of my hair from the neck down.” She smacked his arm because he was playing around and not taking her words seriously.
All of these new experiences were so exciting that it made him uninhibited.
“I’m serious, Connor!” And she now looked it too. Connor told her to go on and she did. “Connor, do you feel like anything has changed within you?” Her eyes showed love yet her expression revealed total confusion.
“Only a few things.” And that was the truth.
“Explain then to me as clearly as you can.”
Taking a deep breath he began to tell her of his changes. “When I left you to get some food I had this new feeling in the pit of my stomach. When I focused on it, I knew exactly where you were, knew that you craved sugar and I even felt your exhaustion as if it were my own.” Her expressions went from confusion to astonishment to something in between.
“Connor, that feeling is known as The Bond. You shouldn’t completely feel that for several more years.”
“I have a question. Why and how did I know you craved sugar?” He skipped to another subject and it confused her for a few moments.
“We need fuel to use utilize our abilities. We can never overeat, being a Balancer and all. Our bodies absorb almost all of our food and turn it into straight energy for our abilities. At least you will never get fat, no matter how much you can possibly consume.”
“That’s a handy ability to have.” He came back to her last statement with another question. “If I can feel the Bond, can you feel the bond to me? Within yourself I mean…”
“I don’t really know.” She looked lost in her thoughts.
“Maybe I can help.” And she asked “How?” Connor walked to his dresser and put on a pair of shorts. He turned around to see her standing a few feet behind him, covering her nakedness by the brown bed sheet. He taped his temple. “Sarah, are you listening to me in here?”
“Yes, what are you up to?” Her green eyes searched his.
“Close your eyes and focus on the center of your stomach. It feels like a rope tugging at your gut. I am going to go hide, when I say “Now!” I want you to follow that pull in your stomach and search me out.” She nodded and walked over to her dresser to put on a t-shirt and shorts. Connor snuck out silently while her back was turned. He left the inside of the house and heard her quiet and dazed thoughts as she put on some clothes. The outside of their property had sunk and completely immersed itself in darkness. Apparently their ritual had taken over six blissful hours to complete. He found an ideal location and hid on the other side of the stream, being completely hidden by the rotating waterwheel. Another bonus was that the sounds of the waterwheel covered any sounds he might make. “Now!” Connor knew that she heard because he could now tell she started moving thanks to the bond that connected them. She ran outside the front door and walked around the water wheel.
“Found you, my knight.” Connor stood up and gave her a hug. She looked up at him to ask “Connor, what if I did something wrong when we…? How are we so different from any Balancer couple I’ve ever met? What are we going to do?”
“Sarah, relax. I haven’t any ideas because I am still so new to all of this. But there are some things I would like to test.”
“What do you have in mind my mate?” She finally started calming down.
“First let’s go back inside the house.” They came back inside and sat at the dinner table, looking at each other. He asked “First things first. How do you speak into another’s mind?”
“You mean pushing your thoughts out so that another person can hear you?” He nodded. “The way I do it is by focusing my eyes into theirs. I then think about listening to what they are thinking. It’s more difficult to push your thoughts into another unlike listening, but now that we’ve mated it feels effortless…”
Connor looked into his mate’s eyes and felt his mind enter hers. His mind now felt like he was floating on the surface of a massive lake. He was both physically inside his mind yet strangely corporeal outside. Then when he touched her loving mind it felt as natural as breathing. “Sarah, can you hear me?”
“Yes!” She smiled weakly, but she wasn’t as worried as she has been.
“Can you feel me in your mind? Like how I had that ability before…” Her eyes shut as she caught his train of thought.
“This is very odd. I have never felt anyone in my mind before… this sensation is peculiar… Why am I able to feel this now?”
“I think that when we became one, some of me went into you.”
“I think that you are right. I have a question? How were you able to keep any secrets in your head when my parents went probing?”
“I pictured your eyes in my mind. If I did that then maybe if you focus on something, I won’t be able to read your mind. Try my method yourself.” She opened her eyes and he still watched her. Connor felt something change in her mind, a deep shift. Her thoughts became a buzzing sound like a swarm of mosquitoes by your ear. All he was able to see in her mind was a black X.
“Did you hear what I said?” He shook his head and she said “I said that I have never felt so happy and exhilarated in my life… Whatever happens I am glad we chose each other.”
“I will never let anything happen.” Connor vowed, stood up and walked around the table. He slipped his hands under her legs and picked her up. She went willingly by wrapping her arms around his neck, staring at him like in a euphoric dream. He walked her into their room and gently sat her on the bed.
“What are we doing back in here?” She had a twinkle of mischief dancing in her eyes.
“We are not doing that again tonight. You need to get some rest after this ordeal, we both do. I read your mind and I know you’re sore. Plus I’m not convinced you’re able to physically able to undertake another session. First, I will make us some dinner.” She reached over and pulled down his head and his lips were met by her passionate kiss.

When Connor returned with dinner, Sarah sat on the bed with her legs crossed. “I have an idea. We need to visit my parents early tomorrow morning.”
He sat the food in front of her. Pushing out with his mind he said “I agree, maybe they might know something about what’s caused our differences from the rest of our kind.”
She laughed “You are right. It is our kind now isn’t it? Maybe they might be able to help our predicament. Put our minds at ease.”

Early the next morning they left the house just as the first rays of the sun warmed the sky. As they passed into the forest Sarah said “Connor, I feel really different today.”
What seemed strange was that she wasn’t the only one.
“As do I.” It was the truth. Connor felt not only a new inner strength, but also felt lighter than normal. “I feel good. Like I can run faster than ever before.”
“Give it a try.” She edged him on. Sarah crouched down into a racing position. She looked up at him and mentally shouted “GO!” She took off at an unbelievable pace. She was like a drag racer dropping his foot hard on the accelerator.
Connor started to run after her when he suddenly noticed everything in his field of vision in a new light. He knew his legs were pumping far faster than should be humanly possible, but this speed alone was nothing compared to the new experience of perception. The shocking thing about the run came from the scenery. Connor unbelievingly saw everything like it was all captured on slow motion cameras. He effortlessly missed every branch, leaf, rock and twig without so much as trying, during the exciting run. Looking around as he ran, he noticed that everything didn’t actually slow down. It was his mind and body that sped up to a new state. He felt unbound. Free. Connor caught Sarah’s arm just before she broke the tree line of her parent’s property.
Not feeling any fatigue whatsoever from the exercise he calmly told her “Sarah, we have something new to add to our list of oddities.”
“Like?” he released her arm as she smiled.
“Did you notice how fast we just ran?” He shifted his weight to the left foot.
“Not really why? I just felt like running. It was positively exhilarating.”
“We just ran a fifteen minute walk from our home to here in sixty five seconds.” He lean down and thought in her mind “Not only that, but as I ran faster everything slowed down dramatically. I think that my mind has gotten much faster and was able to process more detailed information.”
As he heard her contemplating back to her superhuman run, she looked back up into his guarded eyes. “I agree. It’s like we are both evolving so to speak.”
They walked slowly with their hands entwined up to Jack’s home.
They knocked on the door together.
A few minutes later Jillian opened the door wearing a blood red silk robe. “What are you two doing here so early?” She yawned and rubbed the back of her neck. Her eyes shifted to Sarah while twinkling provocatively. “Did you two go through with the ritual?”
“Yes Mother, b…” Jillian suddenly opened her arms and hugged the two of them at the same time.
“Finally my daughter is whole and I have a new son-in-law to annoy! Welcome to the family, Connor.” She now sounded fully awake and filled with cheer.
When she let go and looked at the two of them Connor changed her happiness into shock. “Jillian, listen to me. Something is different about the two of us after the contract was completed last night.”
Her eyes went wide and her voice shook in disbelief after realizing his lips didn’t move. “Yyy… you shouldn’t be able to do that yet!” She looked down to Sarah. “Did something go wrong?”
“Not that I knew of.” Sarah replied while looking shyly at the ground.
“Jillian, that isn’t the only thing, we need you to wake up Jack. We need to speak to the two of you.” She nodded and ran back in the house quickly.
Sarah and Connor walked inside and sat down on the sofa together. Connor heard Jillian in their room. “Jack, you need to wake up; like right this instant. Jack! Wake up!” he then heard him say “What’s the problem?” She said in her shaky voice “Sarah and Connor went through with the ritual and something is very different with them.” Connor heard Jack land on the floor with a heavy thud. He must have jumped out of the bed. Then he heard them walk quickly down the hallway with a seriousness in the walk.
As Jack rounded the corner, he stood shirtless and reveled that his muscles were more developed than Connor previously knew. This man was indeed a powerful force to look upon. All he wore were blue shorts, but everything about him screamed Viking. He sounded worried when he asked “What is the problem?”
Connor looked at his new mate and said telepathically “I think first I should show him my speed and prove that this isn’t a hoax.”
“I think we should both do it together.” Jillian now stood beside Jack eyeing the two of them suspiciously.
Sarah and Connor used their newfound speed to stand up and run to them. Connor stopped one inch from into Jack and Sarah did the same to her mother. Both of their eyes went wide. They stepped back involuntarily, recoiling from their simple demonstration. Jack addressed the two of them, but looked at Connor “How could you two move so fast? It has only been one day.”
Connor entered his mind and said “That isn’t the only things that is weird about us. We were hoping that you might know what makes the two of us different.”
“I’m not sure I follow, what else is different with the two of you.” Jack thought back. Surprisingly Connor knew the touch came from his father-in-law’s mind, but it no longer hurt to have him inside his head. It was like feeling a subtle breeze rather than a jackhammer.
Sarah cut in on their conversation. “Father, not only are we fast and can read minds now, but we both feel a bond to each other. The biggest concern we have is that we can talk to each other with our minds even though we are mated.”
Both Jillian and Jacks jaw dropped. After a minute of mental silence Jillian asked Connor telepathically “The two of you can actually read each other’s minds?”
“Yes Jillian, watch.” he look down to Sarah’s achingly mesmerizing green eyes. “Sarah? How about we let them show them how we used our bond yesterday?”
“What do you have in mind?”
He looked back at her parents reeling in utter disbelief because he could feel them listening in on their personal conversation simultaneously. “How about this, since you two know that your bond works, you can split up and shadow us. Jillian you and Sarah leave right now and run as fast as you can and stop in twenty minutes. I will find you by using my bond to Sarah only. To make it more difficult do your best to hide your trail. After twenty minutes, I will follow and Jack will shadow me to know that I’m not cheating by following your trail. Also we will not talk to each other in any way.” He looked down at Sarah. “The sooner we figure these things out the sooner we can know why we are different.”
Sarah nodded, walked up to her still frozen mother and pulled her into a run out the door; red robe and all. Connor knew Sarah was running away because he could feel the pull in his gut that she’s connected to.
Connor turned to the last person in the room to say “Jack, get something to eat. You’re beginning to look a little sick.” He made himself a small breakfast of toast and coffee.

They waited in silence for nineteen minutes.
Connor had another idea and pulled a towel that came from their bathroom and held it out to Jack. “Will you please blindfold my eyes so that you know that I’m not tracking them by following a trail?” After the blindfold had been secured over his eyes Connor started walking. He clearly remembered the layout of Jack’s house so he walked casually out the front door without stubbing a toe. Focusing on that feeling inside that proved that their bond lived Connor felt the exact direction she waited at and her mood. She wasn’t scared anymore, Sarah actually felt jubilant.
“Jack, before we go; will you warn me if I might run headfirst into a tree?” He smiled out in the darkness of the towel.
“I will tell you if you do.” Jack’s voice became guarded and Connor knew he was standing behind, about four yards away and still reading his mind.
Connor took off in her direction as fast as he could with his newfound speed, but slowed down to stay safe. Jack’s footfalls were close by, only two yards behind, but it gave away his position. It proved that he has inhuman speed as well. Connor put his mind back on the task at hand.

Soon he knew Sarah stood just three hundred feet ahead. Connor stopped sprinting and started walking. He heard Jack slow and start walking beside him. “Connor, I honestly haven’t a single clue as to what’s going on between the two of you, but there is a test that I need to give you and Sarah anyways. Hopefully it will shed some light on this predicament.”
“I’m up for anything.” Then they heard Jillian’s voice.
“Jack, how did it go on your end?” She sounded hopeful. Connor felt him take off the blindfold and it took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the morning sunlight. “He didn’t cheat at all. He ran here completely blindfolded while I scanned his mind for any falsehoods.”
She let out a relieved sigh. “It was the same with Sarah. I monitored her mind and she didn’t even attempt to contact him the first time.”
“Welcome back. Did you have any trouble finding your mate?” Sarah stepped around a tree, smiling directly at him.
“It wasn’t too bad. I only had to be told sixteen times ‘Tree!’” and Sarah laughed.
She walked up to her father “Only sixteen? Father why didn’t you let him run into at least one?” she was being playful this morning. He’s never seen her interact with anyone like she currently did now. Connor smiled, knowing she had finally peeked out of her shell for the first time and this is the result.
“I wanted to, but you would have been angry if he was injured.” Jack stated with a smile.
“Only just a little bit.” She held up her index finger and thumb to illustrate the extent. It wasn’t much.
Everyone started laughing for no reason. Jillian looked at him “Connor, will you tell us about the lifelong contract you two preformed? What happened exactly?” He told Jillian almost everything about yesterday. “She glowed… She reached into both of our chests… was green and mine was a hazel color… she put them together… Electricity shot through me… Being encased while the one big orb dissolved…” and so on.
“Well Sarah, I knew that you would do everything right!” She sounded smug and pat Sarah’s back as we walked back to their house. “I have an idea about the situation, but nothing like this has happened in our histories, as far as I know.”
“What’s your theory, My Love?” Jack asked and they all listened.
“Sarah did everything exactly right, She romped him on top so she had room to move freely, just like I did to you seven centuries ago. While we waited, she showed me mentally every aspect of her first romp. From Connor’s words, she didn’t imagine any of what I saw. But we never thought to take into consideration our new son-in-law.” And everyone stopped to look at him.
“That makes sense.” Jack tilted his head.
“What did I do wrong?” Connor sounded worried, but only for Sarah’s sake. The last thing he ever wanted was to place Sarah in an unfavorable predicament.
“Nothing you did was wrong, Child. You let her take the lead in your first mating.” Jillian started. “We simply forgot to factor in how strong you were before even becoming a Balancer. Your talents were well beyond most others your age, even for a human. Also how strong and guarded your mind was as well.”
“Mother, what does that have to do with us?” Sarah pleaded for an answer.
“Everything.” She looked back at Connor. “Our abilities work with three things. (A) Physical strength. (B) Mental strength and knowledge. (C) Instinct.” She took a deep breath. “Connor, your body was already extremely powerful. When you fused your souls into one, the power didn’t need to strengthen your core. It had no use to build your frame anymore so it increased your energy reserves. And it made your bonds come into being, far sooner than usual.
“Your mind was very developed as it was. It took a lot of power to block your thoughts from us, especially just as a human. The energy didn’t need to develop your brain much so it made you have the ability to read minds and think faster so much earlier. Yet I haven’t a clue as to why you two can read each other’s mind so don’t ask me that. That much I envy.
“The energy given off from the soul’s fusion first enhances your body, then your mind, and finally the instinct. When we use our abilities, they are governed by all three working together in unison. Being an outdoorsman your instinct was honed to a fine point, like a predator. Humans have very little instinct these days, but you, Connor, are a natural.
“Humans used to call us witches, wizards, demons, conjurers, devils and so on. The books have it wrong though, there are no words, spells or sayings that allow us to do the things we can do. Not even emotions affects how our powers work.” She looked at Jack for a second opinion. He nodded in agreement.
“Well what about me? How am I so much faster and stronger now?” Sarah asked her mother calmly.
“That might be easier to explain. It’s because your mate is so strong himself.” Jillian looked at him again with warm eyes. “You’re a Balancer. Strength is shared. I do not believe there is anything to worry about.” She turned to Jack. “I believe we should do those tests on them.”
“What kind of tests?” Connor asked Jack.
As they continued walking back he said “We need to do an affinity test!”

***

“What’s an affinity test?” Connor asked as Sarah grabbed his hand, finally feeling relief about why they were so very different as mates; compared to others of their kind that is.
Sarah looked up at him to explain what it meant. “An Affinity test is to see what element you can use. Since we became one, my affinity might have changed. That is not uncommon. Most Balancers can only use one specific element per mate. But my sister Amber’s mate can use two.”
Jillian chipped in. “My element is Liquid, where before mating it was Terra. Here let me show you a glimpse of what I am capable of.” Connor stopped his next question and she looked at her mother as she held her arm straight and turned her palm up. Sarah actually felt her mother gathering energy within her. This is a new sensation too. She’s never felt someone gathering their power before.
“Connor, what she’s doing is calling upon her body’s energy reserves and focusing it to her hand.” Connor nodded then the sensation changed. “Connor, now she is using her mind to focus on her element.” He nodded again, and then the air began to move. “Now she is collecting the water vapor in the air and pulling it to her hand.”
“I can see… That is amazing!!!” Connor thought loudly.
Jillian held a ball of rotating water only an inch above her hand. It flowed and moved like a clear water balloon that’s been thrown. She took her other hand and tossed it at Connor. He put up his hands to catch it, but it lost cohesion and soaked his shirt. “I don’t care if I am wet. That was amazing, Jillian!”
Jillian bowed for the praise she received. “Thank you. Now Connor, the morning I called you over to my home for the first time, to have you and Sarah return, I disturbed the moisture in your room to swirl to get your attention…”
“Hey Jack, what’s your element?” Connor’s playful side emerged as he jumped past Jillian’s explanations. He began acting like a little kid who just received a new and shiny toy.
Her father threw his head back and laughed and when he settled down he said “My element is… Fire!”
Connor stepped back when Jack pulled most of the heat around the area and ignited a flowing fireball the size of a regulation softball. Connor said quickly and respectfully “I’m ok, but please don’t throw it at me.” “Wow Princess I wonder what our elements will be? Hey I’m going to be a kid for a moment. Love you!” Connor quickly kissed her head and turned to her father “Hey Jack? READY… SET… GO!” and Connor suddenly ran as quickly as his new abilities could take him through the woods.
Not one to be outdone, Sarah’s father soon had a challenging grin on just before he took off after Connor, while still holding the fireball. “Boy, you’ve got a lot to learn…” and they both disappeared in the forest. The pull of the bond told her just how quickly her mate was traveling.
“Connor is something else isn’t he, Sarah?” Her mother stepped next to her as they walked back to her parent’s house.
“I know. That’s why I love him, but tell me why you think so?” Sarah asked in a voice of awe.
“Besides being an unprecedented Balancer, as far as I know, he has turned this family upside down. I have only seen your father have that look of challenge and follow through with it only three times since... never mind. I will say it again though, your mate is so much fun.” 

As they made it to the house, Connor and her father sat on the front step together, just laughing. “Who won boys?” Sarah asked. Connor’s knees were dirty for some reason. The two men looked as excited as before.
“Jack did. I was startled and tripped in the dirt when a fireball whizzed over my head.” and Connor laughed.
“Father! You didn’t?” She almost yelled at the allegation.
“It was just a small one.” Connor playfully punched Jack’s shoulder like they were now the best of friends. It was a sight to behold. They both started laughing at their own immaturity.
“Just you wait Jack, when I find my element, we are going to have a rematch.” They both stood up, ready for another challenge and went inside.
Jillian started to actually cry and wore a haunted smile when she knew they weren’t watching. “I haven’t seen your father this playful since Amber was a child.” And Sarah hugged her knowing why her father hasn’t had fun since then. After her mother’s tears dried up they went inside. Now it was time to discover just what element they can use.

Connor sat next to Sarah as her father brought out the simple items for the tests. He placed five different objects on the coffee table that occupied the space before them. The table held two solid cubes of metal, a cup of water in an antique clay bowel, a lit candle, a black river stone and two inflated balloons.
Connor picked the balloon up. “I get most of the objects like the cube for Metal, the candle flame for Fire, the cup for Liquid and the stone for Terra. What is the balloon’s element?”
“It is for testing for the element Pressure” Jillian explained. “It is better than using a leather bladder like when we tried to find our element.”
Jillian sat down in the loveseat across from them, to explain the tests while Jack moved around to stand behind Connor. “Connor, this is the simplest way to find the element that you’re compatible with. Since your new to this world and haven’t accumulated enough energy yet, Jack is going to stand behind you and supply you with some extra stamina.” Connor looked behind at Sarah’s father and nodded. “Connor, take off your shirt. To transfer energy you need to touch skin to skin.” Her mother said and he didn’t question. He took his shirt off and laid it on the floor beside him. Jack then put both of his palms over Connor’s shoulder blades. And his hands began to faintly glow.





Form and Intangible

“Don’t worry Connor, we are all here to help.” Sarah pushed into his mind.
“I might need it.” He smiled at her.
Meanwhile, Connor felt a slow and small trickle of energy flowing into his body from where Jack’s hands were placed. Connor remained seated in his in-laws living room and slightly leaned forward as Jillian initiated the test. “Before we get started you must know when you use an element, the closer you are to it the less energy you’ll need to use, but if you use your abilities on an object that is too far… it is possible for you to die from the attempt if you force your abilities beyond what they can sustain. It strains your heart. And the heavier an object, the harder it is to manipulate. It’s always best to be cautious and regulate your powers appropriately.” Her eyes shot to Sarah to make an expressed point.
“I get it, the closer the better. Use what you need, nothing more.” Connor said as she leaned forward when she knew that he knew what she meant.
“Connor, first we are going to start with the most versatile element Pressure. If you are a Pressure Balancer you will be able to pop the balloon. Grab the balloon.” He leaned forward, picked up the red balloon and held it in his left palm. “Good. Now hold it between both of your hands. Ok, now first calm your body.” Connor closed his eyes and slowed his breathing. “Very good now the next step is to focus on what you want and intend to do. My father is a Pressure Balancer and he said for this test there are two uses for this. Pressure can be used to create gusts of wind or can even be solidified into an invisible shield that cannot be penetrated with the proper mental discipline. He said ‘Imagine in your mind’s eye two invisible circular plates just over your hands. With your arms, force the pressure plates together to pop the object.’ Go ahead and try it.”
With his eyes still closed Connor imagined two Frisbee sized invisible discs made solid, over the palms of his hands. A strange sensation of circular spinning energy out of the center of his chest began coursing through the limbs of his arms and found an escape through his palms. Connor opened his eyes when he no longer felt the sensation of holding rubber.
Nothing could be seen but Connor could feel a solid air current coming from each of his palms. The red balloon looked like it began levitating and spinning end over end between his hands. It became a dancing balloon, but with nothing sustaining its levitation except his will and power. Moving his hands closer to the balloon, its sides began to compress and flatten. Pulling apart, the object resumed its shape. With one final burst of strength Connor pushed the balloon flat and it exploded with a loud POP.
Connor was breathing heavily because he didn’t realize how much energy needed to be expended on this attempt and it made him feel slightly light headed. “Well that was fun, what’s next?” he said to Jillian who sat with a wide eyed smile. Jack removed his hands and sighed.
“You did it on your first try. You really are a natural.” Jillian shook her head in disbelief. “Not yet, first tell me what you pictured.”
“I pictured two Frisbees. I didn’t realize how much energy it would take though.” Jillian nodded in agreement.
“Now that was amazing, Connor!” Sarah said it honesty.
Turning to look at Jack, Connor asked “How are you?” He was breathing slow and deep, but said nothing.
Jillian continued. “Connor, since you are able to control Pressure, I can tell you three unique things I have seen my father do. He was able to change the direction of any object that came at him. Whether it was an arrow or a cannonball, it didn’t matter. He was strong enough to flatten small buildings when he solidified the element and he was also able to manipulate Pressure so that he could even fly over long distances.”
“Balancer’s can fly!?” he sounded like a kid at a candy store.
“Some can, and you will too…one day, but your body is still developing your reserves. They need to be filled because you are still running at only a tenth of your true power as far as I can tell.” She looked at the table. “Ok let’s see if you are compatible with another element.” She looked at the cup. “Pick up the water.” He did so and sat in on his lap. “This is my personal element Liquid. Liquid is the most flexible of the elements. It can be used both as an offence and defense. The way I use this ability is that I picture an orb of water in my hand. Put one hand over the top of the water and try to pull it out. Give it a try.” Jack rested his palms on Connor’s back again to transfer over more of his stamina.
Remembering the water ball that Jillian made earlier Connor pictured that as a reference. Closing his eyes he focused on this new task. In the safety of his mind he pictured a baseball size orb of water. The power grew from within as he began to focus on the palm of his left hand, but it felt different this time. Instead of a circular spinning motion a cool sensation of a flowing current came from his chest and made its way down the arm of his focus.
Opening his eyes, a small stream of water began flowing from the cup and collect into a ball over his hand. A beautifully clear ball of water formed. Connor then felt a need for payback. “Here catch.” He tossed the water ball at a startled Jillian. From where she sat Connor felt her gather her power quickly and she caught the ball without spilling a single drop.
“Sooo you are able to use two elements now.” She sent the water back and controlled it with such precision to land back in the cup. Her expressive face became an unreadable mask for some reason. Sarah and Jack’s expression began to match hers.
Jack removed his hands, breathing harder from delivering so much energy. “This time it took less strength to use Liquid than it did with Pressure.” Connor admitted truthfully.
“The reason it was like that stemmed from the fact that you didn’t need to collect anything from the air and surroundings. It was already collected in the cup for you.” Jillian looked at Jack who was still behind them. “Let’s switch, you look like you’ve given him much power.”
“I have.” They traded positions. Jack walked around and Jillian put her hands on his back. “Let’s test the element Terra this time.” He left the room and came back in with a soda can. “Terra is the element that has the greatest defensive capability. A Terra Balancer can block and stop anything that heads at them. Pick up the stone.” Connor did and felt it to be smooth and cool to the touch. “Jillian’s mother is a Terra Balancer. She was able to make craters in the earth or fill in a sinkhole or make a deep well in moments. Take the stone and make it hover.”
“I have a better idea.”
“Connor what are you up to?” Sarah was now in his mind.
“I have a weird feeling and I’m going to act on it.”
In his mind he pictured breaking the stone in half. Closing his eyes he pictured making a small fracture and forcing the stone in two. This time the sensation didn’t flow like the others. The energy slammed into his hand like swinging a hammer and hitting a nail in with only one fast and massive strike. Connor opened his eyes just in time to see the rock split into two equal halves with a loud crack that shook the room for a moment. He then pictured floating the two of them up and had them dance above his right hand. The instantaneous force altered and replaced with a fast stream of energy. Connor cut it off immediately because the drain was very intense. As the stones landed on the table he said breathlessly “Now that was harder than doing the first two trials put together.” he looked at back at an exhausted Jillian. “I’m drained, can I get something to eat?”
“I’ll bring something for everyone.” Sarah ran into the kitchen.
Jillian walked around to stand in front of Jack. “Connor, we need to have a personal conversation, please give us a little privacy and try to not eavesdrop on what we say to each other.” He nodded while trying to stand up. “No, I meant don’t enter our minds. We’ll step out for a moment.” Connor sat down and waited while they got up and had their conversation. They went out the back door and closed it. He was unable to hear a word they shared. 
Sarah came in fifteen minutes later with a large tray filled with food and several cans of soda. As she sat down the heaping tray, her parents entered the house again and took several items off the tray and started eating ravenously. Connor felt like he shouldn’t emulate them, but was unable to help it. It was as if he’d missed eating for three days without even a snack. He ate nine hotdogs, six bananas, and a large bag of barbeque chips along with drinking five cans of soda. The funniest thing was that Jillian ate almost double what he consumed. Connor wondered where she put it all and then remembered. Most of the food a Balancer eats is converted into usable energy nearly instantly.

An hour after they ate and his new in-laws finished their intense conversing, the tests resumed.
Looking much better, Jillian stood behind Connor like last time and Jack issued this test. “Connor, the next test is my element, Fire. Use the candle and take the flame away from the wick and use only your energy to supply the necessary fuel to keep it from dying.”
Jillian trickled energy through her hands on his back as he shut his eyes. Connor held the candle holder in his left hand as he held his palm to the side of the open flame. He didn’t want to make too big a big flame so he pictured it the same size as he did with the water. The energy flowed as commanded again from his chest and headed to his right palm. Instead of a cool flow of cold water, this felt like a stream of warm water flowing to his hand. Connor opened his eyes and saw the flame travel away from the wick and wax and went to the center of his hand. It seemed so small and it needed to grow bigger. Jack had said to fuel the flame with energy. He wanted it as big as the water ball and the energy obeyed his will without question or delay. The continuous stream of energy from his chest flowed from a small, steady stream into a controllable rushing current. The small flame grew bigger and bigger until it became a fireball. He was able to stop it from going any bigger, but only just.
“Very good, Connor.” Jack said, but something in his words sounded off. “Light the wick back and stem the flow of energy.” Connor did as asked and sat the candle back. “How did it feel?”
“It felt like the water; only much warmer.” He nodded knowing what was meant.
“Ok so you can use Fire as well.” He sighed. “Fire is life… It can be helpful for warmth or light, but it is also the deadliest element. If uncontrolled, people will die. It has only a single purpose, to consume. But without fire many more will die.” Jack looked at him directly. “Fire also has another use. It has the ability to take away heat and freeze any object. The problem is, not only does it use a lot of your stamina, it is uncontrollable. If a solid object’s heat is forcibly and quickly removed it will explode or shatter.
“Now it’s time for your final test. Metal is the densest of the elements. It requires the most energy to manipulate… As far as I have been told. I have seen a Metal Balancer only fifteen times within my life use their ability in front of me. My other daughter Amber is one of them. She is able to change the form of the metal she carries and made it into any weapon her imagination desired. Metal is an element of change.” Jack stood up and handed over the cube of metal.
“Jack, if what you say is true, I know that if I can use this affinity, I can feel it in my chest that it is going to require a massive amount of energy.” He nodded and stood in front of Connor placing his hands over his bare shoulder.
“Connor, something isn’t right!” Sarah said quietly looking at the piece of metal in his hand.
“What’s the problem?” He went instantly on the defensive.
“Sarah, be quiet... We need to see if it’s even possible.” Jillian said from behind, still transferring energy in his back.
“Sarah, what is the problem? Are you alright?” he felt her concern flowing through their bond.
“Connor, just finish this affinity test, and then we will explain after Sarah takes her own test.” Jack stated, still pouring his energy inside. Connor looked at Sarah and she nodded to continue.
“Alright.” But he didn’t like how worried Sarah felt.
Holding the metal cube in his hand Connor closed his eyes yet again and concentrated on the image of the metal. In his mind he saw it change. The cube became circular, then elongate into a cylinder. One end started to flatten and become the tip. Half of the cylinder flattened and it finally took the shape of a small knife. 
Watching all of this within his mind he finally opened his eyes and felt the power flow forth. It became the same feeling when the rock cracked in two, only this time instead of one solid, huge burst of energy it was a continuous and massive current. Too much to be sustained for long. Looking down at the cube in his hand he watched it gently hover over his palm and it started to change shape. It played out liked it did within his mind, but the only thing that looked different was that the metal gave off incredible waves of heat as it morphed into the small, fix bladed, knife. As it finished transforming and cooling the handle gently fell in his hand. Connor felt like he was as weak as the time when Jack made him go unconscious, but his voice remained strong. “Now that is a handy little trick!”
Jillian and Jack took their hands off and from behind, Jillian said “Well isn’t this an interesting turn of events.”
Setting the newly formed knife down Connor demanded “Alright what is going on around here? Tell me.”
“Not just yet Connor. We need to test our daughter now.” Jack said in a way that he didn’t have any room to complain.
“Sarah, please tell me what they are hiding.”
“I can’t, at least not until I know for sure myself.”

***

“Will I have to wait long?” He asked with piercing eyes.
“I doubt it.” Sarah thought sincerely while trying to guard her emotions.
She reached to grab the lit candle, but Connor caught her wrist. He held it in his hand instead. He looked at Sarah’s mother. “Jillian will Sarah need energy like I did?” She nodded to him. “Ok. Now how do I pour my energy into her like you did with me?” Jillian looked at him like a cat ready to chase a mouse.
“Well since you know how to call on your elements, it is even easier than that. All you need is to picture in your mind giving energy over to your mate from wherever your skin touches. Mates can transfer power between themselves easier than how Jack and I worked together to pour our powers into you.”
“Thanks Jillian. Wait…” Connor has a slow growing smile over his face. And it meant Sarah is in trouble. His exciting emotions caused her dread.
“Connor what are you up t…” He turned quickly to Sarah on the sofa.
“Do you trust me?” He said with a boyish smile.
“Completely… Why?” She didn’t get a vocal answer, but what she did get was Connor standing quickly, dragging her up with him. With the candle in one hand and her in the other, he let her hand drop as Sarah began standing under her own power. He quickly pushed the couch back with one hand and dropped to the hardwood floor, sitting cross legged. “Connor, what are you doing!?” Sarah probably looked hysterical, asking the question.
“He is doing what is known as a Balancer’s Chair.” It came from her father who looked at Connor with wide eyes like he’s one of the new wonders of the world.
“What’s a Balancer’s Chair?” Sarah asked while glaring at her father. “Why have I never heard of it before?” Jack ignored her and kept staring at Connor who sat on the floor shirtless. “How did you know the best way to transfer energy?”
“It just felt right. Jillian said skin contact and I figured that this was the best way for me to touch with as much skin as I could.” Connor retorted.
“Sarah, come with me. You need to change into something better.” Jillian grabbed her hand and led her into her bedroom. She sounded serious and yet ecstatic which only meant that Sarah is in some form of imminent danger. “Mother, what is really going on in there?” Sarah pointed at the wall that separated her room from the silent living room.
Jillian opened up her dresser drawer and rummaged in the clothing. As she did, she explained “Sarah, what you need to know about the basic technique of sharing energy with your mate is difficult to explain.” She stood up straight and turned, holding some skimpy red clothing in her hand. “When enough skin is touched between mates their power increases two fold. If your father needed more energy over what he can use, I can be like an extra battery.” She shook her head trying to find the right words. “Look my dear, take off your clothes and put these on.” She handed over what was in her hand and shut the door as she left to give some privacy.
Sarah tried to telepathically talk with her new mate but all she saw were her green eyes fixed in Connor’s mind. He was probably trying to block her parents. Lucky he was blocking because her next thought could have scared him. “How was Connor able to manipulate all of the elements? I thought…”
In her hand sat a rose red, two piece bikini. She had to look again to be sure her imagination wasn’t playing tricks. Sarah put them on, under extreme protest. As she finished putting on the scandalous garments Sarah walked back into the living room, feeling fully self-conscious.
Jack’s eyes were shut tight with his back turned. Jillian looked at her daughter and smiled. “Well don’t those look sexy on you!” and Connor’s expression was firmly fixated in her mind. He said nothing, but his eyes explained that he thought he might die a happy man.
“So what do I need to do?” Sarah looked her mother and she answered “Let’s see how he does by himself.” Jillian pointed to the still seated Connor. The burning candle sat a foot away from his left knee, on the floor.
“What do I need to do?” She asked her ogling mate.
“Come over here and sit down.” He lifted his hand as a gentle offering. Sarah walked over and took it. He turned her by grasping her hips as he guided her down to sit on his lap. “We need our skin to touch as much as possible. Cross your legs on top of mine… Good now lean back into my chest.” and as she did he felt like the best seat she has ever sat on; firm yet perfectly comforting. His body heat seeped into hers and his breathing, along with his delicious smell became tantalizing. “Here Princess… hold this.” He handed her the candle. “After knowing how much energy it took for each element, I am going to try and regulate the flow of energy you will need.” Connor’s right hand wrapped around her abdomen and around to her lower back in an embrace. His left arm wrapped over her left collar bone, between her breasts and wrapped around to hold her bottom. It was an intimate embrace. He put his face down and laid it on her right collar bone and he kissed the side of her neck. Excitement shot through her. He whispered in her ear “Good luck. I love you.” It did more than simply give Goosebumps.
“Very good Connor, that’s the best position to achieve perfect energy transfer. Ok Sarah, let’s get started.” Jack said while finally glancing at his youngest.
Sarah felt Connor’s strength slowly pour into her from everywhere they touched. Slow and steady. She made her very first non-migraine fireball. “Liquid!” Connor looked up at her mother. And Jillian grabbed the cup of water while handing it to Sarah and taking an unlit candle away.
Sarah said to her loving Connor “Fire was my affinity before we became one. I was used to it. Can you give me any pointers for this test?”
“I can do you one better. Read my thoughts on how I did it.”
“Ok. Let me in!” She wanted in, but Connor still had his defenses up. “Let me all the way in.”
“Oh… Sorry.” Apparently he didn’t realize he was blocking unintentionally. “Thanks…” and she read every detail about how he was able to instantly manipulate water and every element on his first try.
Sarah easily made her first water ball. For the first time she felt a little petty. Since her mother soaked her mate, “It’s only fair right?” Before Jillian could react this time Sarah threw the water ball at her father. He can’t control water so he was defenseless and an easy target. It hit dead center between his shoulder blades because his back was turned for a moment. He jumped like a gazelle that just got spooked by a hungry lion. Jack turned around looking for the culprit, but all he received was laughter from everyone.
Next came the balloon Pressure test. Thanks to Connor’s energy and his idea she was able to make it rupture.
Then came the Terra try. As her mother handed her the stone Connor whispered in her ear “Sarah, please do not try and crack it. We will need the energy for the final trial. Trust me.”
“Connor why do you sound and feel worried?”
“Just please only float the rocks.” She did as asked and it worked, Connor increased the flow for every trial, she finally noticed. And why did he worry about Metal?
“Ok now for the last test.” Jillian’s face became impassive and Sarah understood what she was thinking about, without even reading her mind. They were all realizing what was miraculously happening, except for her loving mate.
“Sarah, I need you to do something for me?” Connor said loud enough to call her parents attention. “What do you need?” She answered, turning her head to see his piercing hazel eyes focus on her.
“When you have the picture of what you’re going to change the cube in your mind, lean into me just before you release your energy.” She said nothing because she put faith into what he planned.
Sarah closed her eyes and mentally molded the cube into the perfect shape. She leaned into Connor’s chest and he was ready because she felt a massive intake of his energy on a level that she’s never felt before. It was almost overwhelming taking in so much energy all at once and dangerous for both of them. With her eyes still closed, keeping focus, Sarah felt the weight of cube lift out of her palm. As she opened her eyes to watch the metal change shape, for some reason she looked up at her parents instead. The room looked brightly lit and they were standing next to each other looking at the two newest pair in utter disbelief and shock. What Sarah noticed next made her understand why they were looking as they were.
Looking down at Connor’s arms, that were wrapped around her body, Sarah saw that they were different. Instead of his normal tan colored arms that embraced her, these arms were glowing as brightly as the sun. She had to avert her gaze and instead she looked at his face. His face glowed just as brightly, his eyes were shut tight, along with his clenched jaw. He was pouring all of his excess energy into her. A dangerous, suicidal amount.
As the metal finished changing so did Connor’s light show. When the metal hit the floor with a clang, Connor’s full weight fell upon her and his arms slacked. “Are you ok?” He sounded exhausted and sleepy.
“I’m fine, what did you just do?”
“Saved your life…” and his head fell on her shoulder with dead weight. Sarah wanted to scream, but instantly heard him snoring on her shoulder.
Jack ran at his full speed around Connor and pulled his arms away from Sarah’s middle. Jillian ran and picked her up as if she were weightless. Jillian stood with Sarah as they watched Jack access the situation. Fear etched in his middle-aged features and on everyone’s faces from what exactly had happened. Her father straightened Connor’s crossed legs and grabbed the cushion off the sofa, making a pillow for Connor to rest his head. Jack stood up and looked at Sarah and asked “What were his last words, when you asked him what he did?”
Finally finding my voice she answered “He said he saved my life. Why? Is something wrong? What did he do?”
Jack shook his head in disbelief. “He really did save your life and ours as well.”
“WHAT?!” Sarah shrieked and ran down to Connor’s sleeping body. “Connor! Tell me what happened! How did you save our lives?”
“I can answer that better than he will right now. Let him rest.” Jillian said in a calm, soothing voice. “He knew the cost of manipulating the metal better than any of us. Your father and I didn’t have a single clue because we don’t have that affinity. We were only guessing as to how much power it required. Somehow Connor knew that since we expended so much energy on him, your mate knew that if we tried to do the same for you that all of us would die during the test. Plus you didn’t eat with us so your reserves were already low from mating. What was even more amazing was how much energy he had stored within him already, let alone how fast he poured it into you. Never in my life have I known anyone who could pull of a feat like this and still survive. I’ve only seen a body glow like that on very rare occasions. When we mate for the first time and when we deliver our children. To glow like that shows he can contain much power.”
Connor awoke moments later saying softly “FOOD!” and everyone looked stunned and then started to laugh.

After Connor fully regained consciousness, he found his way to the sofa and started eating again. They could all witness how quickly he could recover. While he ate like a starving Blue Whale he asked, sitting up “So Princess, what did you make for us?”
“I made a…” Sarah started searching and found it hiding under the couch. “Here it is.” She handed it over to him.
“What a nice sheath.” He put down the soda can and picked up the manipulated knife he made for the Metal test. Sliding the six inch blade into the sheath he smiled. “It’s a perfect fit.” He tossed it to her father. “Here take this to someone who buys knives. It should cover the cost for feeding me today.”
Her mother started to giggle. “Connor, for the entertainment you have provided this day has been payment enough for us.” And Jack added seriously “Connor, thank you.”
“For what?” He said with a mouthful of fruit.
“Not letting my mate and I do the tests for our daughter.”
Connor looked at each of them parents slowly. “When did you know?” He said after he finished swallowing.
“When you gave us that little light show. By the way, why did you glow so intensely? I’ve never seen a male Balancer give off so much excess energy before.” Jack shook his head. “Never mind, let’s add another thing on your unique circumstances.” he admitted in front of them all.
“I glowed?” Connor thought, looking at Sarah with questioning eyes.
“Yes, Connor you did. It was amazing. You were a giant glow stick.”
“Ok I understand.” He smiled and sighed. “Now what else is unique to our circumstances have you three been hiding since I took the affinity test?” He gently laid his arm across her exposed back because she forgot to change out of her mother’s bikini. It still made her feel uncomfortable with their present company.
Sarah looked at her parents who sat there looking at her. Jillian firmly pushed her thoughts in and Sarah now had a choice to block her for the first time in her life, but for now she let her through the defenses “Sarah, you should be the one to tell him.” She agreed under extreme protest.
Turning to Connor; who now had his fill of food for the moment, looked directly back at Sarah with those predatory eyes. She took a breath, trying to find the right words. “Connor, there are a few problems with what we just achieved during our test today. Normal Balancers usually only have one elemental affinity and in the rarest case that I know of, a person can use up to three.
“When someone has the affinity for Liquid, like Mother. Their mate’s balanced power is always the opposite element of Fire, like Father’s affinity. If a person is a Pressure Type, their partner’s affinity is Terra…like my grandparents. If a person who’s affinity is Metal, like my sister. Her mate’s balance is to have two affinities like Terra and Pressure. I only know of only one pair of Balancers who, together, can use all of the elements and they are our two oldest Elders. They are the only ones I have ever heard of who has that much power.
“Connor, there has never been a Balancer who can use all of the elements unaided, let alone that I, as your mate carry the exact same powers.” She took a breath and continued. “While you completed every test, my parents became worried. The reason they fretted was because there was only two things that would have happened during my test.”
His expression remained calm as he finished her statement. “And let me guess. Since I could manipulate all of the elements; either your balance to mine should have been to not be able to use any element whatsoever or be my equal and share in all of the same abilities as me.”
“Yes, that’s exactly why we were worried. Something strange and amazing has happened.” They both turned to her mother who interjected. “You two are something unique and unprecedented.” She looked to mate for reassurance. 
“I can’t wait to see what you two do next year, when the next Mélange meeting takes place. There will be much gossip for weeks. It will definitely be more interesting than the last few.” Jack admitted while crossing his arms.
“Jack, what do those thirty Elders do? I mean I know they only meet every twenty five years, but what do they do for us exactly?” Connor asked.
“I see you told him a little about what’s going on in our world.” Her father smiled at her. “They are the peace keepers of our world. They are the oldest of our races and some are the most powerful beings on the planet. Since you are a new Balancer you will need to register with the collective next year.”
“I need to register?” Connor set his gaze on Jack.
“You both do.” Jillian clarified. “It isn’t difficult to register. All you need to say is your name and demonstrate your affinity in front of the Elders, if they ask.” Jillian turned to look at her daughter oddly. “Sarah, I hate to pry, but are you going to change your name?”
Surprised by her question she asked “What do you mean?”
“Well since you and Connor are now mates, are you going to take his last name like I took your fathers? Oh sorry Connor I forgot to explain that little detail of our race.” She looked at him. “See, when you register with the Mélange you are recorded by a well designed and maintained blood line chart. They have a large family tree that they sign your names onto. It just helps others know who your descendants or your ancestors are. You do not need to change your name Connor, but it is her choice to do so.” She looked at Sarah again.
“Sarah, do you even like my last name? If you do you can take it.” Connor thought into her mind.
“I like it a whole lot more than my last name if that’s what you mean. My grandfather of my father was a brutal man or so I’ve been told. Brander Rederson wasn’t a hero like most Viking stories you’d read about.” Connor smiled that warm smile that she loves. Turning to her parents with confidence Sarah answered her question. “I will take Connor’s name, from now on I’m Sarah May.” She scooted closer to her new mate whom grabbed her barely clothed hip and pulled her even closer.
“Well then Sarah May, is there anything else unusual with the two of you?” Jack asked evenly.
“Not that I can think o…”
Connor jumped in. “Yes, just two small things.”
Hearing this grabbed their undivided attention.
“Oh, only two more little things.” Jillian said airily.
“Yes, only two more that I can think of right at this moment.” He glanced at Sarah, then stared at her parents. “Before we became one, I was able to not only feel you touch my mind, but to also block you out to a certain extent. When we paired up I think that the ability I had transferred itself into Sarah. She said before that she couldn’t feel you in her mind, but now...”
A tickle touch Sarah’s mind. Its feel came from her mother. “Is this true? Can you feel me in your mind right now?”
“Yes Mother I do. Now watch what Connor showed me.” Sarah focused her mind on one thing, Connor’s X. She kept her eyes opened and watched her mother’s reaction as her amused expression turned to confusion. “What do you hear, Mother?”
“Nothing, except an annoying humming… How are you doing that?” Her eyes looked at Sarah curiously. “I have always been able to read minds before… I’m going to try…”
“NO JILLIAN!” Connor commanded and stood up, blocking Sarah like a shield. His voice remained calm, but he still radiated authority. “If you want to test that on anyone, you do it to me. Remember what happened last time?”
She responded quietly “I’m sorry, I did get a little ahead of myself?”
Connor moved away and Sarah saw how her parents looked. Jack stood, shielding Jillian protectively too. As Connor sat so did her father. Connor said politely “Jillian, if we do this test, I’d know Sarah would feel more comfortable fully clothed.” His playful smile returned. Sarah couldn’t concentrate on what was before her let alone what she wore. She didn’t know what they were talking about.
“I believe your right. Forgive me.” Connor nodded to Jillian. “Sarah, come with me please.” She stood and walked out of the living room. Sarah followed automatically. Entering her room she shut the door. “Do you want new clothes or what you were wearing?”
“I didn’t dirty my clothes so they will do.” Sarah stepped closer to her and spoke softly. “Mother, what happened in there to make him get so quickly defensive?”
“I wanted to force my way into your mind like Jack did to Connor last week.” She sounded shy. “Now I get it. He was worried about what might happen if the mental force was too strong. He doesn’t want me to end up like he did.”
The touch of another, stronger mind told that it came from Connor. “Exactly. Princess, I don’t ever want to endanger you unless there is absolutely no other way. I can take a lot of punishment.”
“Were you reading our minds in here telepathically?” Sarah sounded annoyed in her mental voice.
“No, but you’re forgetting my hearing. I think it has been improved as well.”
“Great… You know that I love you right?”
“Yes. Why?”
“I don’t want you doing anything unnecessary either.”
“I will be careful. I love you.” He mentally broke contact.
“Mother, I understand now. Connor just filled me in.” She looked up at Sarah with a weak smile.
“It is convenient isn’t it?” Sarah nodded and her mother then grew a perverted grin. “It’s very intimate. People can have phone sex these days, but can you have telepathic sex.”
“MOTHER!!!” Sarah yelled in embarrassment. Through the wall she heard Connor start a deep belly laugh. And she felt Connor’s mind entering hers for a moment. His thoughts had a playful feel. “Hey it never hurts to try…” Then his mental voice disappeared again, but she caught a glimpse of what he was planning. “Thanks for giving him the idea, Mother.” Sarah said dryly.
“Woops. I forgot how good his hearing was.” She started laughing as she left the room. The mental picture she glimpsed from him made her face flare. Sarah put on her clothes and walked back into the living room feeling much more comfortable now that she didn’t seem nearly naked.
Connor sat on the floor with his legs crossed, in the same position when they did her tests. His sleeveless shirt was back on and Jack mirrored Connor sitting arrangement on the floor. They sat only two or three feet apart and stared at each other with blank expressions. Sarah walked next to her mother, who stood behind her mate. “What are you doing? What are they doing?”
Connor broke eye contact to say “Sarah, first Jack is going to force his way into my mind. And if he can or can’t I will teach him how to mentally block for himself.” He pointed behind his back. “Just incase anything happens, I might need you to give any support where you see fit. Jillian, you do the same for Jack.” She nodded in understanding. “If the two of us become too competitive; stop us before we take it too far, ok?” Jillian seriously nodded again.
Without a word Sarah worked her way around to stand behind Connor. She leaned down to whisper in his ear “Be careful. I love you.”
“I love you too Princess.” He said mentally and bumps rose across her body.

***

Facing Jack like a larger mirror image of himself, he calmed his nerves. Connor closed his eyes to focus his mind and pictured his new and ethereally beautiful mate. Fair and soft skin that heated his blood. Long and thick cascading brown hair that framed her curvy form. perfect rosy red lips that begged attention always. And her emerald green eyes that makes him feel like there’s nothing in this world except the two of them. The truth is, nothing really else came close. She’s the center of his world and nothing came before her. It doesn’t matter the circumstances because that is the only place that he felt he truly belonged.
“Are you ready?” Connor opened his eyes with Sarah’s perfect image fixated in his mind’s eye. Jack nodded and slowly tried to bypass Connor’s new fortified defenses. First it felt like a velvety soft feather brushing his forehead and over the course of twenty minutes the feeling became like driving down the highway at sixty miles per hour, on a motorcycle and not wearing a helmet. It was difficult, but bearable.
As Jack’s breathing started to be laboring Connor said “Jack, that’s enough. How much force did you put into pushing your way in?” The feeling of him trying to enter his mind ceased.
“I…” Jack took a deep breath. “I used everything I had. I didn’t see or hear anything in your mind, only a buzzing sound… like white noise.”
“That was my experience yesterday when I attempted to breach into Sarah’s mind too.” Connor said in all truthfulness.
“Did you feel anything?” He nodded and explained how it felt. Jack shook his head. “It’s unbelievable how strong and disciplined your mind has become. What I just did, was double what I used last week and you went unconscious.”
“Really?” Connor wanted to go on with this for his plan to work. “Ok, Jillian, could you and Sarah fortify Jack for me please?”
“I think we can handle that.” Sarah said, leaning down and kissed his cheek.
Connor cautioned to both of them “Not too much. You might need your strength.” Sarah looked at him as she held her father’s left hand. She heard the double meaning. Sarah and Jillian’s hands didn’t glow, but from the way Jack started to breathe better Connor knew they were gradually passing their strength to him. “Are you ready for me?” he stared at his father-in-law until he nodded. Their women let go and resumed their original positions.
“Ok Jack, here’s how I do it.” Pointing to his temple he said “You need to create a powerful, personal image in your mind and lock it there. Don’t allow outside factors shatter that concentration. I’m used to it because I’ve had to hold back my true strength for years now and it seems to help. Words, movement and stray thoughts will only hinder you so remove all doubt and focus on that image. Before you do that, I would like to ask if you felt me touch your mind earlier.”
“I didn’t. Would you please enter my mind and allow me to try and see if I can feel your intrusion? Maybe you can tell me what I should sense.” He said warily and Connor said “I can handle that.” They smiled at one another and looked directly into each other’s eyes. Pushing with his mind, Connor heard Jack’s thoughts immediately. “…nnor? Are you listening to me yet?”
“Yes, I’m here. Can you feel the touch of my mind?”
“I honestly haven’t a clue as to what I’m looking for.” His azure eyes spoke only the truth.
“Jack, concentrate on the center point of your forehead.”
“Ok now what?”
“Now I’m going to push gently. Feel for the pressure building on that point.” He pushed deeper into Jack’s consciousness as slowly and easily as he possibly could.
“Wait… yes I felt something… I never noticed that before. It’s faint, but it really is there.” He said aloud.
“Ok now that you felt the touch of my mind, I can tell you that each person’s mind has a certain feel to it. Like how I was able to distinguish between the ways each of your minds felt as you tried touching my mind as a human. A person’s mind is as unique as a person’s voice. Some can be similar, but never identical. Now it is time to try and block me from trying to get in.”
Jack closed his eyes for a minute and when he opened them he nodded. Connor pushed with his mind and saw a weak image in his mind and bypassed it easily. “That was pathetic, Jack. I told you to pick a powerful image, not a weak one. Use something that means the most to you.”
He didn’t like getting scolded like a child, but it worked. As Jack nodded this time Connor pushed easily and hit a firm wall. Jack’s image was of himself, Jillian and three little girls in dresses. He sat in a chair with Jillian sitting on his lap while the three little girls were playing with each other on the ground. One little girl had reddish brown hair, another had a pale brown hair and Connor knew the last was Sarah from her chocolate brown hair and green eyes. Jack’s image was of his family as he best could picture it. This was his hope that he’d never get to see. After the loss of Pearl he made up this image to always remember his children.
“I understand now, Jack.” Jack nodded, understanding the heartfelt meaning behind such an image. “I really don’t know how to regulate my flow perfectly yet. Tell me when you feel anything uncomfortable and I’ll stop.”
Connor used his mind to push deeper. He increased the flow of power from his mind as gently as possible for a beginner telepath. Jack’s expression started to furrow in pain the further the test progressed. “That’s enough, Connor.” Jack stated, breathless. Connor stopped pushing and Jack put his head in his hands, trying to relax himself from the ordeal. Jillian leaned down and sat next to Jack with a hand rubbing his back.
Something was seriously different.
“Connor what s wrong? I felt that you seemed confused.” Sarah said, crawling up to sit beside him. She looked at her father, but addressed Connor.
He took her gentle hand into his to stop the nervousness in his hands from shaking. She finally looked at him, waiting for a response. “I’m just a little worried about how strong I’ve become.”
“What do you mean?” Comforting was something she excelled at and it helped ease his inner worry.
“It’s that when your father said that he used everything at his disposal to get in my mind, it made me first feel proud that I am strong enough to resist him or anyone getting into my mind, without permission. But now…”
“Connor, just get it off your chest.”
“Sarah, I felt in here” He said while touching his chest. “that I barely used twenty to thirty percent of my power to break into your father’s mind.” Sarah had an idea floating in her head as she let him in.
She proposed a plan saying “How about you try and force your mind into me and see if I am stronger than they are as well.”
“I don’t know. What if I unintentionally hurt you?”
“You’re my protector. You will never hurt me. Plus if Mother’s theory is correct, I should be as strong as you anyway. At least in theory that is…”
“Ok, but I will only go up to fifty percent of my strength or whatever it feels like inside me.” Sarah scuttled to sit in front of him. Their knees were touching when Jillian asked. “Just what are you two doing?”
Sarah said to her parent sitting behind her “Just testing your theory, Mother.”
She didn’t need time to prepare because she nodded. Connor began pushing at about thirty percent strength and Sarah’s image didn’t waver and neither did her expression. They reached the limit he placed on himself five minutes later and nothing changed inside or outside of Sarah. “Ok, that’s the limit.”
She turned to her parents with more news, but she pushed herself up and back to sit on his lap. From the feel from her bond, she enjoyed the sitting arrangement. Her parents watched them with curious and cautious eyes. Sarah said “Connor, she was right, I do have your strength.”
“Sarah, could you please explain to us what you tested?” Jack asked curiously. His head was finally able to be raised now that his mental anguish and strain ceased.
“Father, let’s put it this way, if what Connor says is true, you can no longer mentally dominate him. I believe him.”
“Sarah, dumb it down for me to understand.” Jillian asked.
“Mother, last week Father could have put Connor into a coma, but the way we are now…if Connor used half his strength on either of you…” She paused dramatically “He wouldn’t just place you in a coma, it would outright kill you.” And Jillian took in a shocked breath.
Jillian looked at Connor with concern. “Is she speaking the truth?” He couldn’t answer, but his worried expression didn’t get missed from under her golden gaze. “Connor, what’s the problem?”
“Will I become any stronger?” He looked up, unsure of what to do next.
She answered evenly. “Possibly you both will. If what you say is true I have one more theory.”
“I’m all ears.” He told her wanting to know her thoughts.
“Since the two of you can use all five elements, your bodies must develop to the point where they won’t drain you as quickly as they did today. You might even be able to exceed us all as Balancers.” She shook her head in wonder. “Who would have thought that our daughter could find someone so…remarkable.” She held Jack’s hand in her lap.
“If were such oddities, I need to ask the two of you for another favor.” Sarah stirred her bottom in his lap in a way that she shouldn’t have. She noticed the lower physical reaction because she turned her head to look at him with a raised eyebrow. “I’ll take care of that later.” She said mentally with a wry smile tugging at the corners of her mouth.
“What do you need?” Jack asked pulling Connor’s mind back to his surroundings.
“Just your time and experience.”
“Would you care to elaborate?” He rubbed the back of his tense neck.
“We or should I say I need help not only focusing my abilities, but since you were a soldier once upon a time… I was wondering if you could give me some battle and elemental control experience. I can feel that it will be the quickest way for me to learn about my strengths and weaknesses.”
“Please!” Jillian sounded offended as she said “We want to see just what you two are capable of. Of course we will help.”
Just then someone knocked on the front door. Sarah jumped out of Connor’s lap and stood erect, followed almost instantly by the rest of them. Luckily his reaction slacked. They all looked at each other for a moment until Connor broke the room’s silence. “We need to clean up quickly. We need to move the dishes. Jack, help me quietly move the furniture back to its usual spot.”
They all went to work, using their inhuman speed, quietly, and Connor finally felt thrilled to call himself different. Accepting that fact that he was different lifted a burden from his chest. “That’s why Sarah didn’t seem bothered anymore, she accepted the fact as well.”

Within fifteen seconds, the living room seemed acceptable and nothing looked out of place. Jillian and Sarah put all of the dishes away while Jack and Connor moved the sofa’s silently back into place. When Jack nodded and left the room, Jillian answered the door. “Why hello, Kara. What brings you here today?”
Kara in her chirpy voice answered “Is Brother and Sarah here?”
“Yes they are. They arrived about twenty minutes ago. Come on inside.” And as Connor sat on the sofa, Sarah joined him before Kara entered the room.
“Hey Brother! Hey Sarah! Did you have a good night?” Kara looked like something was on her mind.
Jillian laughed, taking Kara by the hand and pulling her to the other sofa. As they were getting comfortable Jillian asked again “What brings you over here?”
“I had an idea that I wanted to bounce off my brother and I wanted Sarah’s opinion as well.” She looked nervous which is highly unusual and suspicious. She wore her usual pink top and white pants.
“What are you up to, Kara?” Sarah asked, putting her hand on his leg and scooted closer to touch her leg to his.
“Well I already asked Mark and he said it was a good idea…” She looked skittish and a little embarrassed.
“Spit it out, Kara, we can’t read your mind.” Connor blurted out. Jillian tried not to smile and succeeded, but she couldn’t keep a straight face for much longer. Sarah didn’t reveal any facial expressions, but he felt her reach in his mind. “Connor, stop that! You know how little it takes for my mother to laugh.”
“Sorry, I just hate it when my sister gets this way. It isn’t natural.”
“Well I was wondering if you would want to go on a camping double date?” She looked up at Sarah and continued. “I haven’t camped with Brother in over a year and I miss watching the stars before I fall asleep. I thought it might be fun.”
“When are you planning to do this?” Sarah asked in simple curiosity.
“The day after our graduating ceremony only because Mark will have that entire week off from the diner.”
Sarah turned her eyes on Connor to ask “When is graduation?” He told her “Three weeks from now?” Sarah turned her eyes back on Kara.
“Yep. It was just an idea though.” Her brown eyes looked at him hopefully.
“I think we can handle that.” Sarah said fulfilling Kara’s wish and throwing her an imaginary bone as it looked in his mind. Sarah saw the mental picture and telepathically told him to behave again.
“Oh, thank you so much. I will go tell Mark the good news.” Kara got up and stopped as she walked towards the front door. “Brother, when will I see you again?”
“We will see how things go. I would think in a few days.” Sarah was oblivious to his tone, but Kara caught it. Siblings almost have a sixth sense with each other. Her brown eyes widened and her parted lips became a wide grin. “Brother, are you going to…” He cut her off with a glance and a nod. Her smile became a wider grin and she ran out the door.
“What was all that about?” Jillian looked at Connor in a confused smile.
“Nothing you need to worry about yet.” He said and Sarah turned her face and gave him her smile that asked ‘What about me?’ to which he said “I’ll ask you later.” She nodded in acceptance.
Jack entered the room as Kara shut the door. “What are we planning next in our day?”
“I think we had better call it a day actually. Wait, I do have a question. With telepathy, what’s your range to hear someone else’s thoughts?” Connor asked him.
“With us it’s about a mile. Why?” Jack asked back.
“Just curious.” He said and turned to Sarah. “Knowing how much I ate today, I think we need to stop by the store and pick up some food.”
“Your right. Let’s go to the supermarket and buy some.” They stood up together and he smiled at his in-laws.
Jack sat down with Jillian as Connor said “Thanks so much for all of your help with us.”
“What’s family for!” Jack stated. “When are you planning to see us again?”
Before Sarah said ‘tomorrow’ Connor stated “Monday.” And he guided Sarah towards her car.

They pulled out the driveway and down the road as Connor sat behind the wheel this time. Sarah asked in the passenger seat “Why aren’t we going to see my parents tomorrow?” He smiled absently, trying not to spoil the surprise. Then he felt her trying to enter his mind.
“Uh, uh. Don’t spoil another surprise I have for you.”
They drove quietly while Sarah kept testing his mental defenses. He trained himself to concentrate no matter the distraction and the situation couldn’t have been easier. She didn’t even find a crack to look through. They made it to the market and filled the back seat and trunk full of groceries in under three hours.
As they were getting in the car again Connor saw a shiny piece of stainless steel and slid it in his pocket for later.
When they put away the rest of the groceries at their house Sarah went into the bathroom. It was around six in the evening as Connor finished taking a shower, then he reentered the kitchen. Sarah cooked a meal that would effortlessly satisfy enough for six starving people. They each ate half of the entire meal yet inside Connor still felt hungry. Without warning, Sarah took the empty plates and put them in the sink and walked quietly to their bedroom. He walked to the sink and cleaned the dishes and secretly washed off the piece of metal in his pocket as well. Connor knew he was in serious trouble because she hasn’t said a word since the car ride.
As he entered their room he soon found out just how much trouble he was in.
Sarah sat on the bed with her ankles crossed while leaning back on her arms, holding her like support beams. Her hair was all laying around her neck and down her breasts. The only thing she wore was a provocative ‘come hither’ smile and her anklet. Connor stood there like a deer caught in the headlights. She sat up straight and too quickly because she bounced; twice. “Come to bed, my mate.” Her velvety voice was laced with a passion he had no chance of resisting. He started undressing as he walked to the bed.

After a serious and passionate workout from the both of them Connor laid on his back as Sarah cuddled up beside him. “I promised I would work on it later.” She looked up at him with a coy smile which he returned. She didn’t sound the least bit tired and neither did he. It was great to be a Balancer. “Now will you tell me what you were planning?”
“Yes, I will. Sit up please.” She sat up and her hair fell down to her side. Connor sat up and searched for his pants. When they had been spotted he walked out of bed and put on some boxers. Picking up his pants he pulled the rescued metal from a pocket. “Close your eyes.” She did and he sat on the bed, cross legged in front of her. Connor held the piece of metal encased in his fist. “Ok you can open them.”
“What’s going on inside that head of yours, Connor?” She smiled again after gazing the scrapped metal.
Taking a calming breath wasn’t easy, seeing her look so elegant. “Sarah, I want to make everything official and legal. You’ve told me Balancers are older than many human notions, but that is a mood point. I know we are bonded forever, but I want to show others my commitment. My honest commitment.”
“How are you going to accomplish that feat?” She genuinely asked.
“Sarah, will you marry me?” He asked, flashing a smile at her.
Her face altered to shocked surprise. Even her thoughts were stunted. When she was able to utilize her voice again she shouted “Yes!” and threw herself at him and kissed him hard and passionately. When she pulled away to get some air she asked “When did you have time to buy me a ring?”
“I didn’t, but I can do what most men can’t possibly dream of doing.”
Connor opened his palm and shut his eyes for concentration. He heard her say “But…?” and she stopped when she felt him calling for his power. In his mind he pictured the jagged piece of stainless steel changing. It wrapped within itself and flattened. A hole entered the center and widened the circular ring began to become a continuous cylinder and then on the inside of the ring flattened to accommodate a perfect fit for Sarah’s ring finger.
Letting his instinct guide the power to the palm of his hand, Connor opened his eyes. The piece of scrap stainless steel levitated off his hand and hovered for a moment. It began to heat up at a tremendous rate and he could feel its toll being extracted from within his being. The metal began to instantly mold itself to the exact same way it had been imagined. As it finished taking shape and cooling, it fell into his palm and looked perfect.
She held out her left hand. Connor slipped it over her left ring finger. As he took his hands away she looked at the ring with reverence. “Connor, it is so beautiful.” She stopped and looked at him. “I only want a small and short wedding. Nothing extravagant. One with my parents present and along with your family. No one else is invited. I’ll want to get back home as soon as possible.”
“I agree. Neither of us likes dramatic events.”
“You know me so well.”
“Of course, I’m your number one fan.” She smiled his favorite smile. “I want to get married as soon as possible.”
“As do I. Do you have anyplace special you have in mind?” He showed her the image he recalled, which made her smile. “Well that is only the most perfect place for me as well.”
“Are we agreeable?”
“Yes, and did you know Father is licensed to wed?”
Apparently Connor did something right because she took care of him another six times before they finally went to sleep from exhaustion.





Training and Talent

When Monday morning came around, Sarah and Connor stocked themselves with fuel all weekend just for this moment. Slowly getting stronger every day was a bonus because they were going to run through the woods today. Connor wore his best clothing which turned out to be his denim black pants along with a long sleeve shirt. Sarah attired a simple turquoise blue dress and looked so delicately beautiful. “Are you ready, Princess?”
They ran side by side through the woods at a speed no one could ever possibly match running through a forest. Not even a speck of dirt or even a branch or stick dared come close to hitting either of them. They bounded over shrubs that were well over five feet tall as easily as a stepping over a pebble.
Twenty minutes later they exited the tree line that brought them to their local town hall.
They each registered for a wedding license and she had her name legally changed from Sarah Branderson to Sarah May. Each refused to take a blood sample just incase something came up unordinary. Connor didn’t want to chance something foreign in his blood and causing problems.
They went to her parent’s house first by running at their newfound speed through the woods so no one saw them. As they told them what they were doing, her parents got excited, especially Jillian, and Jack agreed to do the ceremony.
As they left and went to his old house his mother had been called to work later in the day. Connor explained how they were going to be married when their application is expected to be accepted. Kara and Jenny went to Sarah and hugged her while also giving their congratulations. He was left to be hugged last.
The next day, Jillian received a call from the town hall. The application went through and everyone was ready. It turned out to be an expedient process which surprised everyone, except Jack who seemed to have a hand in it. They used Sarah’s parent’s house number because they didn’t have a phone yet. It was on their long list to do.

Wednesday came to be the day of the wedding. Sarah wore the same beautiful turquoise dress and the only thing that changed in his appearance was that Tool hung on his right hip.
Everyone gathered at Jack’s home in the early morning. They were all wearing traveling clothes per Connor’s request. His grandparents, Jenny, Kara and Mark along with Sarah’s parents followed the two of them into the forest. Jillian tried contacting Amber and Ben for the wedding, but couldn’t reach them.
They led everyone through the forest and only had to take a break once for Jenny and Rhoda to catch their breath. Mark walked and talked by Connor with ease through the trails as Kara did the same on Sarah’s side. Neither Mark nor Kara showed the slightest bit of fatigue and Connor knew his sister could go another three hours at this pace before breaking a sweat, but the old Mark and this new one were a complete one-eighty from each other. It was a remarkable change.
Four hours later they arrived at the intended destination.
Kara’s brutal criticism came through for them yet again. “What is so significant about this place compared to that clearing we passed thirty minutes ago? At least that place had a fallen tree to sit on.”
“Kara, this is the exact spot where Connor tracked and rescued me the night I was lost.” Sarah explained nicely and it shut Kara right up.
Everyone looked at the scenery for a moment until Jack started the ceremony. “Dearly beloved we are gathered here today to…” Sarah and Connor held hands while Jack did the service. The only thing that changed in the nuptials was “Till deaths do you part” to “As long as you live.” No one thought anything of its significance except for them and her parents. Sarah made a similar ring of steel for him and slid it on his ring finger. When they sealed their existences with a kiss everyone’s congratulatory uproar was still unexpected.
Mark spoke to Connor first. “Hey congrats, Buddy. And good luck in your future. It looks like you might need it.”
“Thanks Mark and you too, but with my sister.” He whispered in his ear and Mark flushed. Then he punched Connor in his left shoulder.
After everything calmed down they guided their families back home. A massive feast at Jack’s home awaited their return, which filled everyone including all four present Balancers.
That evening when everyone left to go home Sarah and Connor did the same. They consummated their marriage several times more than usual.

Thursday morning in bed Connor said when she woke up “I think Wife, that I should start training with Jack today.” When he said wife it woke Sarah up completely. Her heart and body hummed pleasurably at just the sound of that new word. After three hundred years of being single, that one word chimed through her repeatedly.
“Husband, I agree.” And he smiled at her, feeling the same sensation she did because of their bond.
As they put on clothes, Connor walked away and had Tool strapped to his hip. As they headed through the woods Connor thought “Are you going to train with me or just watch?” 
“Can’t I do both?” Sarah asked casually.
“I don’t see any reason not to.”
They knocked and her mother answered the door wearing a deep red, almost brown tight blouse while revealing how underhandedly developed she is. “Well isn’t it the newly married couple. How is the honeymoon going?”
“Good morning to you too, Jillian.” Connor said with playful respect.
“What can we do for you this morning?”
“Can I request some training, if you’re not too busy?” He said gently.
“Well of course.” She turned around and yelled in the house in an excited voice “Jack, you up yet!?”
“I am now…” He walked out of the bathroom as steam from the shower followed him. Her father wore only brown jeans and a thin sheen of water. “Good morning you two.” Turning his sights to Jillian he asked “What’s with all the racket so early this morning? It’s barely eight.”
“My Love, they want to train with us.” She replied with a dangerous smile.
“Really?” A smile crept on his face. He looked at Connor. “Ready to lose?”
“Bring all you have, old man.” Connor’s challenging side surfaced.
Her father’s smile became a grin. “Boy, this OLD man is going to show you just how little you know.” Jack’s eyes drifted down to Connor’s hip. “I see you brought the famous Tool with you. I will be right back with my old companion.” Jack turned around and walked back into the house. 
“I was afraid of this.” Jillian shook her head in defeat.
“Mother, what were you afraid of?”
“You’ll see soon enough.” And she didn’t have to wait long.
Jack walked out of the room with something long, heavy and wrapped in a red silk cloth. “I haven’t released you in one hundred years, old friend.” He started unwrapping the cloth off the object.
When her father sat the cloth on the floor Sarah saw what laid in his hands. It was four feet long and shaped similarly to a baseball bat. It had a handle that could easily fit two and a half hands. The shape of the shaft increased in diameter until it rounded at the top. It was completely smooth from base to top with no spikes, they weren’t required. Weighing at over forty pounds, Sarah instantly knew what it was. It was her father’s ancient steel club.
Jack tested its balance and remembered instantly that he remained adept as its wielder. He walked up to Connor. “This is the same weapon I had from before I became a Balancer myself.” He held it out easily for Connor to take. “This is Haunt.” Connor took out Tool from his belt and offered it to Jack. Before they exchanged gifts Sarah had to ask. “Connor, what are you doing?”
He smiled. “It’s a man thing. How can I explain…?” He looked up trying to formulate a plan. His eyes widened once he found what he was thinking about. “Ah. When a warrior offers his weapon to someone else to test, it is only fair that the other warrior gives the same courtesy.”
“He’s right, Sarah. Not many people extend or even know about this simple courtesy.” Her father stated, backing up Connor’s explanation.
Jack took Tool as Connor effortlessly held Haunt. Connor walked into the back yard and tested its weight. Jack was right on his heels while Jillian and Sarah followed them together.
Connor swung it with one hand in vertical circles to stretch out his extensive muscles. It still makes her shiver when Sarah sees his muscles flex and move. After he finished stretching he said proudly “I see why you call your weapon Haunt. If someone is lucky to survive the initial hit, they will be haunted forever by the damage this thing’s capable of.”
“That’s always been my philosophy. Kill or cripple. Those are the only two options that a person will ever get from me.” Jack felt proud since someone could understand his weapon of choice.
Jack tested Connor’s weapon by shadow fighting. Her father imagined a person in front of him while he slashed with the hatchet and bludgeoned his imaginary opponent with the hammer. “Connor, I see why you call this Tool. It’s because it is so versatile in its simplicity. You can throw it, hammer anything and cut through almost everything. A tool to destroy and build.”
“Correct. Now let’s go somewhere that not so exposed.” And he walked towards the woods, then ran.
Chasing Connor was easy because he didn’t run too fast.

Ten minutes later they stopped in a clearing. He began to explain “Sarah, when I was looking for a place to build our home I found this place first, but as you can clearly see I made the better choice.”
He was right. Grass couldn’t grow, flowing water didn’t cool the area nor did this place hold a natural beauty. It was another natural clearing, but it was almost barren. The ground lay covered with rocks ranging from pebbles to baseballs and weeds sparsely littered the land. The ground was truly rocky and not a good place for a home. Trees surrounded around the expansive clearing and was perfectly isolated. It was open and far from prying eyes. There weren’t any streams, let alone flowers or colorful shrubs. The ground simply held a brown and gray field that begged to be used.
“I figured that we would need a place to do things without fear of getting caught or doing any damage to the area. Just incase we get…overzealous.” Connor said to them all, but looked at Jack with a grin.
“Good thinking!” Her father said loudly. Connor stood about twenty feet away when Jack tossed Tool back and Connor returned the favor. “It’s up to you, Jack. What do you think we should start with?”
“First I believe we need to spar first. It will get our timing more accurate and mistakes will lessen.” Jack held up his club as a reference.
“Ok, but first…” Connor came up to Sarah and kissed her, but it was a quick kiss. “I love you.” He got into position, looking at her father with Tool clutched in his right hand. “What are the rules?”
“No elemental abilities. Only speed, strength, dodging and you need to stop before any critical hits.” Sarah’s father finished explaining the short rules.
Jillian and Sarah sat down under a shade tree before the first match began.
Connor crouched in his battle, springing position. With Tool in hand, he rushed forth and closed the distance instantly. Jack stood ready and swung at Connor’s head the moment the rush began. As Connor ducked the first blow Sarah’s father kept spinning with the weight of Haunt. Just before Connor could get his first hit in Sarah felt the faintest of breezes caress her just before her father back-kicked Connor square in the center of his chest. Connor flew back ten feet from the one blow. Jack’s spin stopped and he leaned lazily on his weapon, in one fluid motion. He said “That was a good dodge, Kid.”
Connor sat up with a smile on his face, which surprised everyone, especially her father. “I knew I didn’t make a mistake! I can learn a lot from you.” He stood up and dusted himself off like he didn’t have any damage and upon closer inspection he had somehow managed to come out unscathed. “If I didn’t jump back when I did, that kick would have easily cracked several ribs.”
“Well I am here to teach you.” Jack picked up Haunt and rested it on his right shoulder. “Come!”
“I thought you’d never ask.” Connor sprinted at Jack in the exact same way. Haunt swung at his head again, Connor ducked, and dropped Tool to now fight unarmed. Jack back-kicked again at Connor’s chest, but he dodged the foot this time. He spun on the ball of his left foot and tried using his other leg to sweep Jack’s legs out from under him. Her silver haired father jumped in the air and swung the metal club midair at Connor’s ribs. Connor rolled away, missing the impact of the weapon by only inches. Jack landed flatly on both feet.
Connor stood up again without any injuries and continued breathing evenly. “That one was close.” He smiled as Jack kicked Connor’s weapon back into his hand. Sarah’s father had a smile on and looked to be enjoying the sparring session as well. “Again!”
Connor rushed her father again and did the same steps, but this time he pushed too hard. As Jack’s weapon swept down at his ribs, Connor flipped himself backwards on the ground and stood. As the weapon swung into a vertical circle, Connor kicked the weapon out of her father’s hand in midair. The weapon flew away from the two combatants and Jack’s body inverted and approached the ground, head first. Before he made an impact with the ground Connor grabbed him with both hands and stood him upright without a moment’s hesitation. “Are you ok?” Connor asked as the two men stood eye to eye.
“Son, you are the first person to disarm me in close to five hundred years.” Jack started laughing. “That was a terrific move.”
“Maybe, but it was only because being a Balancer saved me. If I was normal, my head would have been taken clean off in the first round.” Her man admitted humbly.
“A win is a win. Balancer or not, you have much potential.”
“Connor!” Jillian shouted next to Sarah. “Don’t let him fool you too. He is learning how you move to better find leverage against you.”
“You wouldn’t be a good warrior if you didn’t always learn. No two battles are ever fought the same.” Connor stated and Jack started to chuckle.
“Connor, I wanted to ask why you dropped your weapon?” Sarah asked a good question because all eyes turned to him.
“Because I needed my hands free for hand to hand grappling. You never know if you lose your weapon and all you might have left are your fists.” Then he entered her mind. “I was trying to get your dad in a chokehold, but he was turned the wrong way so I had only one option; disarm.”
“Lucky for you, your mind and body move quicker.”
“You’re telling me. I still feel the wind from the pressure of Jack’s attack.” He rubbed the top of his head while smiling.
Jack and Connor sparred with weapons and fifteen minutes later they called a stalemate.
Her father told Connor “Next we do another technique called Sonar.” His expression became confused. Sarah stood up and walked over to Connor. “Father, may I do this with him as well?”
 “I don’t see why we all can’t do it all together.” Jack said and Jillian joined the party. They all sat down in a loose circle, facing each other in the shade. Jack looked at Connor because he needed more explanation than the rest of them. “Sonar is slightly different from trying to read someone’s mind Connor. As you delve into someone’s mind, you try to read and process their consciousness in your mind. Even if you speak different languages once you enter their mind yours will begin to see how they associate words with images. It is the quickest way for us to learn a language without spending weeks or months trying to listen and learn.
“Sonar isn’t as easy, but is more reliable than any skill I have in my arsenal. When you read a mind you can only focus on a small number of people at any given time, but with our sonar you can see all of your surroundings in your mind better than processing everything with your eyes.
“When we fought and I kicked you in the chest, I couldn’t see you. I knew you’re exact position even in my blind spot. Using this ability in any combat situation will help you to survive. I used my sonar to feel your exact position. When you are able to use it, you will be able to see everything from the birds in the sky to the bugs that burrow beneath the earth. You could be completely blindfolded and still be able to maneuver and see your surroundings without hindrance after you can master this ability.
“Everyone look around our surroundings and then close your eyes.” Jack began teaching. They all obeyed his every word. “Good. Now in your mind picture what you catalogued in your mind’s eye.” Sarah clearly pictured all of the shrubs, trees, dirt, rocks and sky. “Now picture your mind sending out a single invisible burst of energy. Don’t use your elemental manipulation at all; just energy.” Her father’s tone deepened. “Let me demonstrate.” Sarah opened her eyes and so did Connor. Jillian didn’t because she already knew how to do this.
Jack opened his eyes and stood up. “Here I go.” The most subtle of breezes caressed her, but only for an instant.
Connor stood up and touched his chest. “You were right about that being difficult to detect. But I did remember the same feeling several times during the fight. Hmm…” Connor began processing this new information.
“Alright. Sarah, you try.” Jack urged while he smiled happily.
Sarah did every step her father said to do. In her mind she felt power rushing into her head and continued to build. When it felt uncomfortable she released the power and it expanded like an invisible sphere. As the sphere grew like the speed of light, everything that the bubble passed instantly became etched into her mind. Everything in her mind became colored in black or white, but it was worth it. Everything became overly vivid before her, to her front, behind her back and above and below where she stood. Every leaf, bug, bird, reptile, mammal and twig stood firmly there in her mind. Not only that, but it looked like a perfect ultrasound. Sarah saw inside every object and person as well, except for herself. The sonar didn’t take much power, which was a good thing to know. It is so magnificent that she never dreamed this would be possible. “That is so…”
“Nifty?” Jack asked, trying to help with finding the right word.
“That’s as good of word as any.”
“My turn.” Jillian said, standing up. And Sarah felt the same feeling that came from her father. A gentle breeze kissed her body again.
“Let me try something.” Connor said calmly.
“Try? Connor what are you up to?” Jack eyed him suspiciously.
“I’m not sure I will be able to explain it. It’s just a feeling that’s telling me to try.” Connor looked at Sarah, smiled, and then closed his eyes.
As his eyes finally shut Sarah felt a surge of power emanating from Connor. The power continued to build until she could actually see the fine, dry dust swirl around him. Jillian, Jack and Sarah stepped away from him instinctively. Together they kept edging back until they were fifteen yards away.
A quick burst of energy emanated from Connor and instead of a single burst they all felt the energy pulsating at a rapid interval deep within their chest like the bass of a stereo. When Connor opened his eyes they all gasped.
His body stayed completely motionless, but his eyes were literally glowing. His normal hazel eyes became a solid ray of white light and it almost looked like two brilliant flashlights. The continuous pulses continued and it dawned on Sarah that the pulsations didn’t come from his head like her father described, but emanated directly from his eyes. This continued for a minute before Sarah asked “Connor, what are you in the world are you doing?”
“I’m seeing anything and everything. Sarah you have to try this…” His eyes zeroed on her and for some reason she has never felt so exposed before. And moments later he turned off the flow and his hazel eyes returned back to normal.
“Connor, what did you just do?” Jillian asked defensively.
“The best way I could explain it would be that instead of one singular blast, I could do multiple pings in quick succession to make it like a moving movie instead of a standing picture. I just felt like I was capable of doing it.” He looked at Sarah again and his gaze and smile made her heart beat quickly again.
Sarah brushed her mind against his. “Connor, could you show me how to do that mental Movie thing?” He nodded and gave the details.
Connor waived her parents over to his side. “Come stand over here. She is going to try it herself.” And they moved quickly.
Closing her eyes and focusing power to her eyes Sarah felt the pressure build. When she couldn’t handle it anymore Sarah opened her eyes and released the flow. Pulsations vibrated her eyes and she could see what Connor meant about the movie picture reference. Hearts expanded and contracted, wings flapped with powerful muscles, critters crawled all around and many other small oddities made the moving mental picture so much more enjoyable. “Your right, I did have to try.” Sarah giggled as she stopped the flow.
He walked up to her, looking confused. “Sarah, did you know that your eyes could glow?”
All of them laughed at his innocence. “Connor, your eyes also glowed as you were doing your little experiment.” Jillian couldn’t hold back another laugh.
“Could you show us?” Jack conceded while wanting to know.
“I can try.” Connor said.
For the next thirty minutes they failed miserably until Jillian eventually managed to do it, but only for about two seconds. Her eyes faintly glowed, but at least she and her mate could work on this new trick. And ten minutes later Sarah’s father changed pace.
“Next is target practice.”
“Target practice? We didn’t bring any projectile weapons?” Connor said in honest confusion while looking at Jack.
His smile matched his reply. “We are the projectile weapons.” He walked thirty yards away and lifted a piece of shale and stood it upright. “We will use that for practice.” Jack said while walking back.
“Father, I’m confused as well. Could you elaborate?” Sarah asked, walking next to Connor.
“Oh, alright.” He sighed. “How about I explain like this.” Jack raised his palm and conjured a fireball in his hand by pulling the heat out of the air and igniting it.
Jack then stood like a baseball pitcher and threw the flaming ball, striking the target with relative ease, making the fireball explode on impact. He hit directly in the center of the target. As the dust and smoke cleared the target transformed into nothing but rubble. “Is that explainable enough?” He said, wearing a grin.
“We get the point.” Connor walked over and stood several stone targets at different ranges and angles. He walked back a few minutes later and made a line for them to use. And Jillian was next.
She walked up to the line without a word and shut her eyes. Making a flowing water ball by pulling the moisture from the air, she threw it and it landed to soak a target in the middle of the range. “I haven’t lost my touch.” And she skipped away shamelessly.
Sarah walked up to Connor thinking “What element should we use?”
“I think we shouldn’t use metal at all or we could drain ourselves too quickly. Let’s take your parents on with their elements and see how we compare.”
“I agree.” She nodded with a half smile after glancing at them.
She went first. Sarah closed her eyes and her power swelled. She opened her emerald green eyes and pulled the warmth from the air and made her own fireball. She threw it and did slightly less damage to the target, compared to her father, but she did the same range and hit dead center. Jack gave her applause and she turned around to bow to him.
“My turn.” Connor pictured his surroundings and began collecting the moisture from the area and focused it to his palm. The air started to swirl and cool as he let the power flow. The air’s moisture condensed and beaded then they came together into a palm sized water ball. It gave Connor another idea, but first.
Stepping to the line, with the water ball in hand, Connor took his position. Throwing the water ball and connecting on a target he heard Jillian whistle in awe. He hit dead center on the farthest target. “I have another question, Jack.”
“Fire away.” Jack now sat in the shade with Jillian.
“Is it possible to combine elements as a Balancer?”
“Yes, but changing the nature of an object can be potentially dangerous if you don’t understand what you’re doing.” Jack said.
“Don’t scare the boy, Honey.” Jillian chastised. “Yes Connor, you can. Let me show you how we kept our food fresher before the invention of the freezer.” Jillian stood as well as Jack. Jillian formed another water sphere and held it up for them all to see. “Connor, what happens when heat is taken away from liquefied water?”
“Ice is formed.” He said. Connor knew that basic form of science.
“Correct.” She turned her arm and put it in front of Jack. He put both of his hands above the current of liquid. Connor felt him gather a handful of power. Everyone watched in shock as the liquid started cracking, hardening and gaining a larger size as the frozen crystals expanded. When Jack took his hands away, the water ball solidified into an ice ball. “This is how we kept cool before electricity was harnessed. Here catch.”
Connor caught the cold sphere of ice and studied it. “Sarah, come here I have another idea.” He flashed a wicked grin which gave her one too.
“What do you have up your sleeve?” She whispered.
“Here hold this.” He handed her the solid sphere. “Keep this in ball shape as I melt it back.” Calling fire to his aid Connor melted the ice back to water. Sarah’s green eyes looked at him in pride because she kept the moisture together. “What’s next?”
“This!” He put both of my hands around the flowing water. Connor closed his eyes again and imagined an invisible shell covering the ball of water, using the element of Pressure. Releasing the power and the element he reopened his eyes. Connor felt the ball of water encased in the pure power of Pressure. Lifting the liquid ball of water out of his wife’s hand Connor gently said “You better get back. This might get a little dicey.” She took a few steps away, knowing he wasn’t using mirth.
“Connor what are you...?” Jack said standing up.
“SHH!” Sarah hissed, silencing her father.
Connor focused the pressure gradually to compress the water to its limit; and to his own. The water ball was originally the size of a softball, but after the compression, it became the size of a golf ball. He walked up to the closest target and knelt on one knee two feet away. Complete silence watched from behind him and he could feel all of their eyes on him, waiting to understand the method.
Delving into his own mind and picturing the sphere of pressure, Connor modified the image of the shell. A pinhead size hole began funneling in through the outside of the shell to make the pressurized golf ball of water flow out in the focused direction he chose. Connor opened his eyes just in time before the tunnel reached the water.
The thread thin water stream shot from his hand and cut completely through the rock a foot away, like a hot knife through butter, but the rock didn’t fall. When all of the water had been forced through his hands he fell back on his bottom. As he tried catching his breath his new family rushed up.
Jack spoke first “Connor, what magic did you just do?”
When he was able to draw proper breath Connor answered him. “No magic involved Jack. You told me what we do isn’t magic. During science in my eighth grade year, we saw how with enough pressure on water it could cut any material better than any sword ever could.” he looked up to Jillian. “I bet you didn’t know that your element is also the sharpest!” he smiled up at his mother-in-law.
“That was miraculous, but it only made a faint line in the stone.” Sarah’s thought to herself as she ran her finger along the straight line.
Connor stood up quickly and startled her. “Excuse me please.” She moved to the side as he placed both of his hands on the top side of the line. With one powerful push, the rock slid back and crashed behind the now half stone.
Jack walked up and ran his palm over the even surface. “The cut is perfect, clean. This is news to me. Does my fire act in the same fashion?” He asked in innocence.
“NO!” Connor startled them and realized they didn’t understand that bit of science. After calming his voice he said “Not in the slightest.” Connor looked at him seriously and the tone of his voice backed the conviction. “Jack, pressurized fire is dangerously explosive.” His expression looked skeptical and Connor looked around the clearing, judging the distance to the trees. “It looks like all of you need another demonstration. I’ve never met a person who didn’t understand that fire is hot without burning themselves.” Connor looked at Sarah and felt her in his mind. “You and your mother go hide behind that tree line and keep a safe distance.” Sarah nodded and took Jillian by the hand and ran for cover.
She thought to him “Be careful. I read your mind – sorry – I now know how dangerous and serious this lesson is. Stay safe, Husband.”
“I will keep both of us safe.” When they reached the tree line she nodded.
Connor sighed for what was about to happen.
He looked at a now worried Jack. Good, at least he understands some of the gravity of this situation. “I need to show you why this is so dangerous.” Jack nodded that knowing firsthand experience is always the best lesson one could ever receive. “First we need to build a blast shield for our protection. We need to make an angled shield wall as thick as possible. Otherwise we’ll be in a massive amount of danger.” His quick reply was “Ok, let’s get to work.”
And together they began laboring.
Twenty minutes later they made the perfect shield. It was five feet thick and the front had been angled to direct the force of the blast upwards instead of back at them. They had a reasonable bubble of safety. The wall’s back stood four foot tall and twelve feet across, made in a crescent circle to bend the force around them. If any flames came back on them they would be protected by the angle and design of the shield. Sarah and Jillian were far enough away that they could see everything and not come into any danger. Each of their faces were full of concern. Connor pushed his mind to Sarah’s. “Let me guess, you told your mom about how serious this was?”
“Yes, she needed the truth.” He nodded and she smiled.
“Jack, now you need to listen to me very carefully.” Connor had his complete and undivided attention. “I need you to stay below the barrier the whole time. When I let go of the contents, I will say ‘Now!’ and you will not wait a moment longer to pull me down or you could guess my unfortunate outcome.”
“I understand. What do I need to do first?”
“Make a baseball sized fireball for me to use.” Moments later he held a red hot flowing sphere of fire in the right size that had been requested. Connor put his hands to each side of the fire and made a shell of pressure around it, like he did with the water. Taking the ball of flames out of his hand Jack slid down on the ground and had a tight hold of Connor’s belt.
Adding a massive amount of pressure to the fire changed its properties. Connor knew what would happen with the lack of oxygen, Jack didn’t. Looking up at him Jack said “Where did the flame go? It just vanished!”
Out of the corner of his eyes Connor looked at him while concentrating on maintaining the pressure. “This is why I said it’s so dangerous. You can’t see it is the reason enough to frighten me, it makes it more deadly because you would be incinerated before you realized what happened. Not even you could outrun this explosion. It moves nearly at the speed of sound.” Connor took a step forward, to the very edge of the wall. “Are you ready?” Jack answered by tightening his grip even more on his belt. “Three… Two… One!” The element combination of Pressure and Fire was thrown nearly as hard as he could. At the same moment it left his hand Connor yelled “NOW!!!” and Jack didn’t hesitate. He pulled his son-in-law to the ground in one motion and pulled him against the wall, using the falling momentum. The only pain Connor felt was when he landed his right hip that held Tool.
A moment later the very air erupted with an angry BOOM! and intense flames washed over their heads in a sheet of orange and yellow flame for several heart-pounding seconds. The heat and flames rolled over the top of the barrier and the angle’s design did perfectly because no direct flames came within the safety zone.
When silence settled in, Jack looked at Connor with eyes full of fear and first hand understanding. Connor then felt Sarah calling into his mind. “Are the two of you safe? I cannot see you through the smoke.”
“Yes, and your dad is just a little surprised. We knew he would be.”
“Can we come to you yet?”
“Not yet! Let me make sure it’s safe.” They wanted to check the damage for themselves. He told them to wait and give them an ok. Connor looked at Jack who then glanced at their impatient women. He looked back and nodded to make sure it was safe for them even though he still seemed somewhat shaken.
They each slowly rose to survey the damage. The shield did its job protecting them and only managed to get slightly charred.
Looking beyond the shield Connor knew what would happen, but Jack wasn’t fully prepared for the severity of the consequences. Where the epicenter of the explosion took place now held an impression in the ground. There were burn marks in a one hundred foot circumference and some of the weeds were still on fire, but they couldn’t start a forest fire because there wasn’t any close vegetation to spread to. That’s why Connor chose this place and it worked perfectly for this demonstration.
In a calm, but quiet voice Jack asked “Connor, can you explain to me what just happened?”
“Sit down on this ledge and catch your breath.” He sat and Connor yelled “All Clear!” for the girls to come over. 
They ran at a Balancer’s speed to check on them and what really happened. When they were satisfied with their mate’s health and looking over the blast site Connor continued telling them about what happened. “That was known as the Back Draft Phenomenon. Watch the movie, it is remarkably similar. When something so hot runs out of air, it gets even hotter. When oxygen is reintroduced with the heat, the air itself literally explodes! Everyone and everything in its path is consumed from the intense flames.” He looked down at Jack to make a larger point. “Do you see that?” He pointed to the charred crater. “You could imagine how much more devastating it would be if your fireball was any larger.” And Jack’s face paled, imagining a bigger fireball.
“I’m just glad you knew what would happen before you attempted this stunt uninformed.” Jillian said and gave Connor a grateful hug. “From where we were watching the two of you were gone in a sea of flames. We could feel the heat sting our faces, even from where we waited.”
“Just be thankful I’m mated to the right man.” Sarah said in pride. As Jillian released her embrace, Sarah took her place and held him tightly. “I’m glad you’re uninjured.” Her green eyes looked up at him worried and filling with tears.
“I knew what would happen, Princess.” He kissed her on the forehead and said with a smile “Now it’s your turn to mix some other element combos with me.” Her tears evaporated instantly and replaced with widened eyes. Connor looked at Jillian and Jack. “If the two of you have anything to spare I could use whatever you have to offer. Using an intense Pressure element twice was draining.”
They both nodded and each took one of his hands to funnel in some stamina. Five minutes later they each released his hands. “Sarah, are you ready?” He asked and her head spun around to glare at him. “Don’t worry there will be no more explosions today.” She arched an eyebrow in provocative disappointment. Then he caught her train of thought and would amend those words later.
“What kind of element combo do you have in mind?” She asked casually, but she knew that he caught what he had planned for later.
“Making glass.” And she started laughing at the suggestion.
“How do you intend to do that without a forge or a press?” Sarah asked.
“I will manipulate Terra while you do Fire.” He turned to look at Jillian. “Can I count on your abilities as a Fireman?”
She started laughing. “Sure just let me go get my Dalmatian.” She kept laughing until she saw that he wasn’t. She figured Connor was talking about extinguishing the fire from the previous experiment. “Ok if any fires start I will put them out.”
As Connor stood up he grabbed a handful of loose sand, walked over to Sarah and sat down before her cross-legged. “Ready to try?” She nodded. Connor felt her reaching in his mind for a private conversation first.
“Is there any possibility for us to wind up hurt?” She asked worriedly.
“There is always a danger when you’re experimenting. I told you to be my fire starter because I will know when something goes horribly wrong, when you heat up solid materials.” Connor stuck his thumb to his chest to remind her of the price he paid.
“Ok, I trust you.” Her eyes softened.
“After this I have only enough energy for one more test.” he stated truly.
“Can I get a sneak peek of what you’ve got planned?” her green eyes searched for an answer on his face as she did her mental probing.
“When we get there you’ll see.” And he smiled at her which she miserably failed not to return.
Without closing her eyes Sarah made a one handed softball size of fire. Connor didn’t close his eyes either when he imagined all of the loose grains of sand stick together into a small ball. When the flames and sand came together he distributed the power flow through both of his hands to keep the sand sphere balanced between them. This required a steady hand, but two were better than one.
Sarah used her left hand to steady her outstretched right arm that held the fire. Connor glanced over his shoulder to see Jillian standing next to the sitting Jack. She had accumulated moisture from the air and a small stream of water continued to flow up from under the ground. She soon had a cannonball size of water hovering in each of her hands. She wasn’t taking any risks.
He lifted the sand ball over the flames with both hands and slowly brought the wad into the center of the red hot blaze. It would hold the most intense heat. Connor didn’t take his eyes off of the mass inside Sarah’s burning energy for an instant. If he did he would be liable to burn her badly.
As the sand became hotter he knew they needed only a fraction more heat to liquefy the individual grains. “Sarah, could you add only a little more heat?” Without a word the flame grew slightly in size and intensity. With the new burst of strength from Sarah the sand started melting and fusing together. As the sand melted, the fire burned away any impurities and they shot off in sparks, popping from time to time. The sand shrunk from the size of a golf ball down to the size of a marble.
Knowing that it the task is finished he lifted the molten ball out of her flames. “Were good now. You can turn that off.” he nodded to the flame and it disappeared. “Now it needs to cool… slowly.” Connor looked back at Jillian while still using his power to keep it away from the ground and away from his hands. “It looks like you can return those back to the fire station.” He flashed Jillian a grin.
“Better not waste it.” She put the balls of water together and steadied the beach ball size of water in her left hand. With her other she removed some of the water to make another, but smaller water ball. She turned around and poured the smaller ball into Jack’s mouth. He drank graciously.
“Thank you, My Love. I needed that.” She did the same thing again and gave herself a drink. She looked at Sarah to come over and get some herself. Connor sat in amazement as Sarah took a long draft. Jillian started towards him, but stopped and tossed the remaining water at Sarah.
Instantly Sarah called upon her liquid element and barely made it before the sphere came apart. She let out a held breath as a long sigh. “What did you do that for, Mother?”
“My guess would be that your mom has picked up the habit of throwing things from my sister.” He guessed calling back.
“I guess so.” Sarah said walking over to him with a small smile. She knelt at his side, but didn’t touch his outstretched arms. She held the water over his head. “Drink up.” Connor lifted his head back and she slowly poured a stream of water from her palm to his mouth. The water is some of the cleanest he had ever tasted in his life. It was cool, clear and crisp. “That hit the spot.” She leaned down when she finished giving him another final drink. She stared at the former sand.
A few minutes later it was cool enough to touch. The sand was at first almost black, but after melting it became a nearly perfectly clear piece of glass. Sarah and Connor stood up at the same time. He handed the marble into Sarah’s hand and she studied what they had made together.
They walked over to the Birch tree that his in-laws sat under. Sarah and Connor sat with them to rest for a moment. Jillian held out her hand and Sarah placed the glass in her upturned palm. They all studied it carefully, giving praise for a few moments before returning it to Sarah who put it in her pocket.
“What’s next on your list?” Jack smirked. He obviously has enjoyed such a change in his decades of routine.
“I have only enough spare energy for one more test. Sarah, do you still have enough for one more?” She flashed a bright grin. “I think I’m up for it.” She said while standing back up.
They walked only a few yards away and he asked “Please conjure one more orb of water for me.” And she did so.
This was his first time doing this. In theory it seemed simple, but understanding the properties and complexities made it more difficult. After focusing Connor opened his eyes again. In his hands burned his first unassisted fireball. A warm feeling emanated from it, but it didn’t feel hot though. He resisted touching the flame, knowing how foolish it might look to be poking a finger at an open flame in front of everyone. “I’ll do that later.” He told himself and smiled at such childishness. Sarah stood while waiting impatiently.
“My idea is to make a fog.” He flashed a smile. He felt glad her parents were out of hearing range.
“How are you going to pull that off?” She shifted her weight to her other leg.
“Leave that to me.” Connor held his flame at his side. “Let’s slowly push these two elements together.” She nodded, feeling uneasy.
With a simple countdown they connected her water with his fire. Hissing erupted from the moment they touched and the water was flash boiled into steam. When the last of the water evaporated Connor turned his flame off. Surrounding them was a wall of steam. “Connor, this isn’t fog and it’s unbearably hot.”
Connor closed his eyes and focused on the steam and used the other ability of the Fire element. As he opened his eyes a wave of power released from his entire body in a single bubble instead of focusing on his hands, like the spreading factor of Sonar. Instead of pulling heat to himself he pushed it away, leaving the moisture alone. The water vapor stayed put and as the heat left the area around him, the steam thickened into a wall of cool and solid white fog.
“Connor, where are you?” Sarah called out from about ten feet away.
He used the pulsating sonar ability. “I can see you, Princess. Use your other ability to see.” He called back.
“My other…? Oh.” And he felt her unique pulses seconds later. “I found you!” He saw her turn and walk up to him. Connor then turned off the pulses to see her eyes glowing white.
“Welcome back.” he looked around and saw nothing, but fog. “This is useful to have in our arsenal incase we need a quick getaway.”
“I agree.” With her glowing eyes she reached up and kissed him.
A gentle breeze disturbed the area and Connor saw that the fog began moving away. “That was good thinking, Connor.” Jillian said, pulling all the fog to her hand. She became a dark silhouette at first as the fog lifted. “It took Jack and I five years to do that trick.” Jillian laughed as she became in focus again, dropping the water on the ground. They both walked up to the two younger pair wearing smiles. “So was that really all for today?”
“Yes.” And to make his point Connor walked over to the shade tree and laid flat on his back. Sarah joined him under the shade, but she sat cross legged above his head. She lifted his head and rested it on her soft and silky legs. Connor looked up to see her gorgeous face and she smiled so beautifully. When he looked up past her, at the sky, he knew that the day just started to wind down.

Ten minutes later, when Connor felt able to move again, they left. During their run back home their family separated half way and the Branderson’s went to their home and the May’s went to theirs. Before they were out of hearing range Connor yelled “Same place tomorrow!?” They raised their hands in confirmation.

After a satisfying dinner, Sarah went to bed exhausted. She had already forgotten about his alteration to making explosions. He on the other hand practiced different kinds of elemental uses. Also he poked a fireball with his index finger and it didn’t harm anything, but a test twig disagreed by igniting. Connor learned that as long as he had the element under his bodily control it couldn’t cause harm, but any other foreign object is a different matter. Then he went to bed.

***

The next morning, Sarah wore a blue shirt and her white short shorts. Connor didn’t wear a shirt, but he did wear his black pants and hiking shoes.
They arrived only five minutes before her mom and dad showed up at the clearing. Today Jack came shirtless as did Connor and Jillian wore a one piece bathing suit with red shorts. He also brought Haunt again as Connor did with Tool.
“What kind of training are we expected to do today?” Connor asked Jack who slung Haunt over his shoulder.
“Only two types of training today. Defense against an elemental attack and fighting while using the elements.” He stated with a playful grin. Connor knew he had more experience with using his abilities.
“Let’s get started.” Connor said standing to her left as he stretched.
Her father swung his metal club down and planted it firmly in the ground to announce “It won’t be just you, Connor, Sarah is participating in this as well.” Sarah’s heart beat wildly at just the thought. They can finally get to work together. It was her greatest hope for the day. Sarah became calmer when Connor laid his hand on her shoulder and gave her a smile.
Sarah’s mother walked up next to her father and said “The two of us are going to fire volleys of our elements directly at you and your job will be to collaborate and work together.” And her father added “You may not use the balancers chair to multiply your powers. You need to know how to defend yourselves as individuals first.”
With Connor at her side Jack explained the rules, after that he and his mate walked a ways back. They stopped at a safe distance and Jack said “You may use any and all of your elemental defensive capabilities. Try not to get hurt.” Her father turned to her in warning. “Sarah, you’re up first!”
As Sarah stepped forward Connor playfully tapped her bottom with his palm. “Good luck Princess. First make a pressure shield.”
“Ok, but don’t hit my butt unless you’re ready for the consequences…” She arched an eyebrow at him. And his face finally went red.
Facing her seven hundred year old father he created a small and controlled ball of red flames. He threw it in a high arc directly at her. Focusing her power to both of her palms Sarah created a circular pressure shield. As the flame hit the shield it scattered in every direction, but hers.
For Connor’s turn Jack made a larger flame. Before he threw it Connor said to Sarah “Back up.” And she did so knowing he wouldn’t say it unless he meant it.
As Jack threw the larger ball of fire at an arc at him Connor then took in a massive amount of air into his lungs, through his nose. His back muscles arched back, making his large chest swell even more to allow a greater volume of air inside. It was loud enough for her parents to hear him do it too. When the red ball came within fifteen feet, Connor released his breath through his pursed lips.
A six foot intense stream of red flames erupted out of Connor’s mouth.
When the ball hit the raging inferno, it was instantly consumed. Sarah felt the waves of heat radiating from the flame nearly instantly. After Connor’s flame died down every one of them besides Connor went speechless from the demonstration. Connor eventually broke the silence. “What do you think?”
“Connor, show me how to do that!” Sarah yelled in excitement. After he explained the method she tried it.
Using the fire element to warm the air around her mouth and nose Sarah then breathed it all in and heated it up some more with some of her own body heat and energy. She pursed her lips to focus the contained breath into a stream and she pushed the heated air out of her lungs. Sarah squeezed her diaphragm muscles and the air shot out. As the hot air in her lungs met the cooler outside air, it ignited into a fire stream. It wasn’t as large as Connor’s because her lungs couldn’t hold as much hot air. When she expelled all of the air she could, Sarah did as Connor strictly warned. She absorbed any heat left within her lungs back into her body just incase enough heated air resided in her lungs to reignite when she took a needed breath. “Where did you learn this trick?” She said in a breathless and excited manner.
Jillian and Jack came closer to hear this for themselves. “Last night I touched a fireball in my hand and it didn’t hurt. I deduced that as long as I controlled the flame it couldn’t hurt me. So I put together the two ideas…”
Jack interrupted by asking “What two? The most I was able to do is make either a huge fireball or make a flowing fire stream from my hand.”
“I used the demonstration from yesterday plus the feeling that the fire couldn’t hurt me. I used a form of the Back Draft Phenomenon plus flame resistance to make my breath turn into fire. It doesn’t hurt, but it feels different.” Connor admitted
“Wait...! Back Draft!” Jillian yelled. “You did that dangerous thing as a test? What the Hell is wrong with you!” She ran up to him and started hitting his stomach and crying all at the same time. It didn’t hurt him at all because his abdominal muscles are iron hard. Sarah knew from personal experience. His look told the others to let her do as she wished and not to take her away. Even with her strength, Jillian couldn’t hurt him. “How could you? You could have died and took my baby from me forever!”
Connor fell to his knees and held her shoulders. He spoke calmly and clearly. “Jillian, listen to me. It is dangerous and I will be the first to admit it, but only under pressure and if it explodes all at once. The method I used gave the energy a direction and it wasn’t compressed. I used a similar case of the Back Draft, not an actual one; like the one I demonstrated yesterday, ok.” He then brought her into a hug until she calmed down. “I would never put Sarah in any real danger, never.”
Meanwhile Sarah’s heart was still racing over this excitement about what she just did. “I just breathed fire like a Keeper. My husband is a genius.” Her heart remained beating and only added to the excitement. And her father stood there just listening to Connor with a smile written all over his face.
When Jillian eventually calmed, Jack shot her a playful smile. “I’m going to try!” and before she could say or do otherwise he made a stream of fire erupt from his lips. The stream was as big as Connor’s and as intense. “Thank you, Son. This is good to have in your arsenal if you ever lose your arms.” He looked at his mate and smiled impishly. For once Sarah saw how her mother fell in love with her father. “Hey Connor, did you try any other fire style variations?”
“I could only come up with one more since you already know how to make a continuous fire stream from your hands.” Connor walked away from the three of them. “I made a fire shield.”
Connor put his right forearm out towards the three of them and a spinning circular shield of fire conjured into existence as it rotated in a slow clockwise path over the top of his arm. “Jack, throw a fireball at my shield and see what happens!” Connor flashed him a grin. That fire shield felt different because it didn’t radiate any heat. In fact...
Jack stood there motionless, staring at Connor’s arm. “Before I do I have to ask a question. I’ve tried to make a shield like that before and it could never hold a shape. How did you manage to accomplish it?”
Connor’s arm dropped to his side while the red and orange shield continued rotating and following his arm as if it were attached like a true shield. “When you throw it. I will explain.” Connor took a blocking stance again. His right leg bent forward while his left leg remained straight, firmly planted behind. He brought the shield to his eye level and nodded his preparation.
“How big do you want it?” Jack asked and Connor shrugged his shoulders. While he gathered his energy Sarah mentally asked Connor “I don’t feel any heat from that fire. What is it?” Connor turned his head to smile at her. When her father gathered enough energy he held a watermelon sized ball of rotating flames.
With both hands Jack lobbed the fire at Connor’s shield. As the flame touched the shield its rotation instantly increased into a circular blur and grew. Sarah would have thought that when the flame hit the shield it would disperse like it had with her pressure shield, instead the flames were absorbed into the shield. As the last of the flames were absorbed Connor stemmed his energy and the shield disappeared. “Thank you for the energy boost, Jack.” And Connor grinned. He walked up to them to explain what he did.
“Jack, I know why your shield didn’t work. When you made your shield you wanted it to only repel an attack, right?” Jack confirmed his suspicions. “Well fire is the purest form of energy and it gave me an idea. Instead of blocking from it I made the shield absorb. When you threw that fireball at my shield it absorbed the energy and transferred it into me. Thus I just increased my energy from your attack.” Connor looked at Sarah’s mother who was still upset from his last show and tell. “This shield cannot work against anyone other than a fire wielder. Jillian, throw a small amount of water at my shield.”
Connor made another shield and Jillian threw a small amount of water. As the water touched the shield it collapsed in on itself. “This shield is only capable of defending against Fire, if any other element comes in contact with it, it will collapse just like that.” He turned to Sarah. “Sarah, you need to try.” He turned to her father. “Jack, I want you to try as well.”
Sarah’s father stood beside her as Connor instructed them on this new fire technique. Her mother finally calmed and stood beside Connor.
“Begin.” Connor commanded. Sarah focused on her left forearm and a small shield appeared over her forearm and it looked like a Targe of equal size. There wasn’t any heat coming off of it, but she could feel it drawling heat from the air slowly and feeding her own energy, even as she released it to maintain the shield. No energy was wasted because she released as much energy as the shield absorbed from the air and returned it back into her stores. The fire spun slowly as well as moved along with the movement of her arm as if it were connected by some invisible thread. “Ready?” Sarah turned her head to her left and saw that her father as well made a shield and he was staring in amazement.
She felt a surge of power and looked over to see Connor holding a fireball in each of his hands. “Take your stance.” And Sarah did. She took the same stance Connor made and as she pulled the shield up and threw both balls at her father and herself.
As Connor’s flame hit both shields Sarah felt her shield change of its own accord. The moment his flame hit the defense, the shield spun quicker and seemed to control itself. As his flame absorbed into hers Sarah felt the warmth of his energy add to her own. When Connor’s flame fully absorbed, her shield slowed down to its original pace and size.
“Now Jillian you’re up. You have more control than I do over Liquid.” Connor said, allowing her to take his place. “Thank you for your confidence.” Jillian said and patted his shoulder.
She also made two small orbs of water in each hand and tossed them. As they hit the shields it felt like someone pinching Sarah’s arm hard as the shield imploded. Sarah looked at her father and knew he felt it too.
“What do you two think?” Connor smiled at both of them.
“To me it felt like the hotter it is, the more energy I will be able to absorb.” Jack said excitedly.
“Exactly the thought I had.” As Jack looked up at Connor, Sarah did as well. “This technique will give you a massive advantage over other Fire Balancers. The more fire they expend at you, the stronger you become.”
“Connor, can we do any other variations? What else did you come up with?” Sarah asked.
“I know of a few things that are possible, but the way we are now…” He shook his head. “It would not only be foolish, but also dangerous to try with our current level of stamina. I can feel that my body is still evolving to accommodate for more energy storage.” He turned to Jillian. “Your theory may be right. Last week when you gave us the test I was barely able to move some objects, but it is getting much easier.”
“I thought it was only me who was still changing.” Everyone turned to look at Sarah. “I feel like I have more energy to use than I did last week too. Even my telepathic communication with Connor and you two is clearer when we speak.” Connor smiled and nodded in agreement.
Changing the subject, Connor asked Jack “Should we keep working on defense against elements?”
“No, that was enough for today. For now let’s have close combat while using elements.”

***

“Are there any pointers you can give?” Connor asked Jack.
“Only that you keep a clear and focused mind.” Jack walked over and picked up Haunt from where he stood it up in the ground. He slung it over his shoulder and walked away from the group.
Connor followed him after giving his princess a smile. When Jack stopped he did as well and took Tool out of his belt. “I’m ready!” Connor said, but apparently he wasn’t.
Jack held the metal club in his right while he made fire with his left. He rubbed his left hand over the smooth surface of Haunt and created a flaming metal club. Connor stood frozen in cautious fear as Jack dashed directly at him. Connor moved instinctively, just in time before Jack jumped in the air and yelled as he struck the ground where Connor stood a moment ago. As he pulled his club out of the ground Connor noticed how deep he hit. The strike held absolutely nothing back. What was left behind was a smoking crater two feet deep in the stony ground. Connor would have died if that connected. He looked back at Jack in shock. “Connor, I told you to focus. As a warrior you know to never take your eyes off the enemy.” Jack said while Haunt remained aflame.
Taking a few breaths Connor finally found his voice. “Now I’m ready!”
This time he ran directly at Jack who stood over one hundred feet away. Connor focused as he ran directly at Jack as Tool jumped to the other hand. Connor encased the handle with an invisible fist of Pressure. Thirty feet away he released Tool from his grip, but the invisible fist held the handle and matched the set pace. As he saw Jack’s eyes widen Connor used the Pressure to throw Tool directly at him.
As Tool launched from his side it was intercepted with a heavy blow from Haunt. Connor then gathered his own fire to encase his palms. Jack continued to spin and Connor braced himself for the next daring move.
As Jack spun using the weight of Haunt in a circular arc Connor raised his flame encased hands. Jack recognized too late what he planned as Connor caught the head of the flaming metal club with both of his large hands. His hands went instantly numb from the tremendous impact, but they stopped the immense force and he only slid back a foot. Connor then focused on his forearm and made a flame shield to suck in all of the flames from his opponent’s flaming weapon.
Jack tried to kick him away, but couldn’t as Connor held Haunt, turned his back and with both hands over his head, gripped Haunt tighter between his hands. With all of the strength at his disposal Connor threw Jack up and over his head. He expected to flatten Jack on his back, but just before his backside hit the ground Jack twisted in midair, yanking his weapon out of Connor’s grip. The flame absorption hadn’t been completed as Jack swept Connor’s legs out from under him with Haunt.
“That was some slick movements.” Jack said casually as he put out the remaining flames that lit Connor’s pants. Unfortunately Connor ended up on his back. His heart kept drumming from the excitement. “How do you feel?”
“Numb!” Connor smiled at him and started laughing. Not only were his arms numb, but now his legs were as well.
“Connor, are you hurt?” Sarah thought worriedly.
He turned his head to see her standing and staring at him from the shade. “I’m fine; only a little desensitized at the moment. I will be better after a rest.”
“Good. Come over here and rest for a few minutes out of the sun.” She sat down and tapped the ground next to her.
As he struggled to stand and not show them how he really felt, Jack tossed him his weapon back. “Give this to Sarah. She needs some practice as well.”
Walking slowly Connor finally sat down in the shade next to Sarah. “You’re up next for a sparring lesson.” He handed her Tool and before she left she kissed his cheek. Connor smiled as he leaned against the trunk of the shade tree and sank to the ground from exhaustion and numbness.
“I think I should be the one to spar with her. You know, keep things even!” Jillian announced to her mate. She stood up and took Haunt from Jack. Jillian doused Haunt’s remaining flames as she picked it up. Jack smiled at her. If Connor didn’t know Jillian wasn’t a Balancer he would swear it would be impossible for a woman of Jillian’s size to swing that solid metal club with one hand as one would a small stick. Jillian spun and flipped Haunt like it was nearly weightless.
As Jack came and sat over next to his sparring partner he answered his astonished expression. “What? You thought Jillian couldn’t fight or is it that how she’s able to use my weapon?”
“Both actually!” Connor said, brutally honest.
He snickered. “Son, as old as Jillian and I are, we have been through many scrapes in our lives. Sometimes I couldn’t be around to protect her. I have a short story you should know about my mate.” Connor listened carefully to the story.
“About five hundred years ago or so when Pearl was at the age of a young teenager and Amber was an infant, I was out hunting during the winter. In those days I could be away for weeks on end, searching for our next sustainable meal, but I never came home empty handed. Nor did I let my family starve.
“One day, a band of thieves and rapists tried to hurt my family. Jillian was alone, nursing Amber at the time they broke down the front door. They saw only one nursing mother, not an enraged Balancer. They thought they’d found a prime target, but it proved to be a fatal assumption. She used my weapon to kill two of them in a second. She then used her water ability to drown the rest of them by forcing water down into their lungs. They didn’t stand a chance.
“No one in our village knew what happened to those men because I returned in time to dispose of the bodies, but we got word that since they left, our community had blossomed without fear of the band looming nearby. We had to leave soon after, just incase we might have been suspected to have done something beyond human understanding.
“Connor, so you can see that even when Jillian was unprepared, she was easily able to take care of five full grown men all by herself. Her frail femininity is just a disguise.” Jack finished and pointed to the spectacle about to unfold.
“Just watch and see for yourself.”
Jillian raised her left hand straight in the air while the club rested gingerly on her right shoulder. With her raised palm, Jillian made a beach ball sized water orb. She then dropped it on her head, soaking every part of her. “That’s why she wore her bathing suit.” Now dripping wet, she charged at Sarah.
Sarah stood still and relaxed while holding Tool tightly in her right hand.
Just before Jillian swung her weapon at the side of Sarah’s head, Sarah dove between Jillian’s legs. Sarah rotated and tried to grab her mother’s hair, but Jillian bent forward and kicked backwards and straight up, missing Sarah’s jaw by an inch. Sarah jumped away and as she did, she threw Tool at her mom’s unguarded back. Jillian moved to the side, clearly avoiding Tool and swung Haunt in Sarah’s direction and let go.
Sarah ducked as the heavy weapon arched past her head. Sarah grabbed a handful of dirt and threw it at Jillian as a distraction. Some sand landed in her eyes and she didn’t scream, but it didn’t stay for long. Jillian collected the water that clung to her body and used it to flush the sand out of her eyes. 
It was enough time for Sarah to get in close though.
As Jillian was finally able to open her eyes two seconds later, she realized that Sarah stood before her with the sharp hatchet side of Tool close to her throat. Sarah smiled at Jillian and said loud enough for Connor to hear “I win this round, Mother.”
Her mom smiled back innocently. “More like a stalemate!” Sarah looked confused. “Look at your chest!” She looked down. Wrapped around Sarah’s chest was what looked like a lasso of water and the end of the water rope encased Jillian’s free hand. Then both girls started laughing.
The girls walked back to their mate’s and sat down. And Connor had to ask “Princess, how was that considered a stalemate? All she had was a funnel of water across your chest.”
“Oh, that’s because if Mother wanted to, she could instantly tighten the rope. She could kill me with enough force to crush my entire upper body with one pull.” She explained in a light tone.

After a short break they all took turns fighting for the rest of the day. Jack beat Connor badly. Connor barely managed to win six matches to Jack’s twenty three. Sarah lost to Jillian as well with a score of nine to twenty two.

Sarah and Connor came to the same spot everyday for the next week to train and work on bettering their winning odds against their elders.
During the night Connor started building a new project at their cottage.
The day before graduation Connor finally became strong and skilled enough to win a total of forty three wins to Jack’s forty two. Sarah finally surpassed Jillian with a score of nineteen to seventeen. And most of her wins were close calls.
They only made the winning numbers because they had a wider variety of elements at their disposal compared to their two elders. That night Sarah and Connor celebrated their win with the new outside brick barbecue that he built. They invited her parents over along with Jenny, Kara and Mark joined in as well.
When all of the food was cooked everyone ate at the dinner table and talked about anything and nothing. They laughed when Kara said something that popped in her head. “Wow you and your sister sure eat a lot! Aren’t you afraid of getting fat?” Kara said while looking at Sarah.
After Jillian could breathe again she answered for a mortified Sarah. “We have to eat because we have very fast metabolisms.” And Kara dropped the subject, but Mark glanced at the four of them oddly.
As everything settled down Jenny stood up and put the dishes in the sink. She then told Connor “Your Cap and Gown came in this morning. I though you would like to try them on before tomorrow. And the special package also arrived.”
“That’s right!” He hugged her. “Thanks, Mom.” Connor looked down at his in-laws and asked politely “Will you be coming as well?”
“Of course we will. You’re family now!” Jack answered with a wave of his fork and a childish grin.





Passed and Failed

Early the next morning Sarah dimly felt Conner get out of bed and head into the shower. She still felt half asleep as she thought just how wonderful her life has become since he came into it. Three hundred years of waiting for The One was worth all the loneliness and solitude. He is the perfect fit.
When she heard the shower cut off Sarah reluctantly pulled herself out of bed and put on one of his t-shirts. They were so comfortable and fit almost like a dress as they reached all the way down to her knees. Her favorite thing about his shirts were the lingering smell that permeated his tops. It always lifted her spirits. Sarah opened the door and as her Greek God stood before her completely cleaned up she noticed something as he dried his hair with another towel.
His underarms were barren.
Sarah grabbed the towel from around his waist and ripped it off. She looked back at his face and saw his goofy grin. “What’s on your mind this morning?” He said playfully as he arched one hopeful eyebrow.
“Connor, all of your hair is gone!” She said astonishingly and he instantly grabbed a handful of his hair on his head.
She almost laughed, but bit her lower lip.
“Quit teasing, it’s all still up there.”
She shook her head and pointed below his waist line. “Not down there!”
He looked down. “Well what do you know? I am a Balancer!” His goofy grin came back as he shrugged off the importance of what she was getting at. Last night she didn’t remember if he still had body hair, but he definitely had some a week ago…
Connor sensed her distress, leaned down and kissed her head again and she momentarily lost her senses and he took the moment of hesitation to take the towel back from her hand. He then started drying his desolate back of knotted muscle.
Sarah left their room and took a quick shower and met Connor for breakfast after she put on the light blue dress, the one she wore at their little wedding in the woods and his favorite to stare at. They ate a carton of eggs and each ate a half pound of bacon along with a bowl of mixed fruit.

As they left their home Sarah looked to the east and the sky started to finally brighten. Connor and Sarah separated when they hit the tree line of her parent’s property. He ran across the street to Jenny’s house to get ready. All of the lights in their house were on and that told Sarah that Kara is also awake and getting ready for the big day. As Connor went through the front door of his mother’s home Sarah went inside her parent’s.
They weren’t ready…
As Sarah entered the house she noticed her parents were still fast asleep and knew the perfect way to wake both of them.
Walking into the kitchen Sarah opened up the refrigerator. She took out some milk and the carton of eggs. She opened up the cabinet and grabbed the powdered cinnamon canister and two full loaves of sliced white bread. After filling up a mixing bowl with some of the milk she added the cinnamon and six eggs.
Heating the skillet on the stove Sarah mixed the cinnamon, eggs and milk together. She grabbed two slices of bread and dunked each slice in the mixing bowl. As she threw the slices on the pan she went into the pantry to grab the maple syrup. At the coffee table she laid two empty plates and two knives with two forks on the wooden surface. And with the remaining milk she poured four full glasses.
Cooking the tenth slice of French toast allowed its scent to permeate through the entire house. As it has worked countless times before Sarah heard someone stumble out of bed and hit the floor; hard. “Damn!” She knew exactly who fell out of bed and it was her mother. Sarah heard her scramble back up to her feet and run to the door and opened it. She almost carried a breeze as she ran and sat down at the coffee table holding a knife and fork at the ready. “French toast! My favorite!”
As she came around the corner Sarah finally saw her mother’s condition and almost lost it.
Her mother wore her usual red morning robe, but Sarah couldn’t restrain herself from laughing for long. Jillian’s forehead beamed bright red from where she fell out of bed and painfully hit her head. A bright red mark was forming on her creamy forehead and as Sarah calmed her laughing fit she sat the plate of cooked toast down and asked “How did you like your wakeup call?”
“It was perfect until I tripped over the damned bed sheets.” Jillian started rubbing her forehead absently. “What’s the occasion?”
Jack came down the hall wearing his black sweat pants at the right time. Sarah answered them at the same time as her father sat next to his mate. “Today is Connor’s, Kara’s and Mark’s graduation and it starts at ten.” Her parents each had a mouthful as she told them.
“Sorry, but you didn’t tell us what day it was being held, let alone the time we had to be there.” Her father said and as Sarah looked back in her mind, recalling the previous night, she understood why they weren’t ready. So it really wasn’t their fault.
It was hers and Connor’s.
After they ate both loaves of the homemade French Toast Sarah casually asked her father a question as he began drinking the last of his milk. “Father, how long did it take for you to lose all of your excess body hair?” He choked as he tried swallowing and even her mother was stunned by the innocent question.
When he could breathe easily again, and after Jillian patted his back, she walked away to take a shower and gave them some privacy. Her father pulled his silver hair over his shoulder as he looked Sarah directly in the eye. His tone became calm and even as he asked “Of what importance is that question regarding?”
“This morning I noticed that Connor didn’t have any hair. He now looks like a pro swimmer on steroids.” She admitted uneasily while looking at a curious speck of dirt on the floor.
Jack chuckled and her head snapped up at the reaction to see his playful grin that Connor miraculously brought back to life after nearly four hundred years. “Sarah, it usually takes up to a year, but it took me about four months to lose all of mine. My people didn’t have as much as the English…” He tilted his head to the side in consideration. “Plus you don’t need to worry about that because we all know how special the two of you are. A little hair never hurt anyone…” He started to chuckle. “Unless you count the time I accidently lit the butcher’s hair on fire. It really was his fault since he made a pass at your mother.” And Sarah finally smiled with relief from her father’s renewed antics. He was always a kinder person with his mate nearby.
Sarah cleaned up the dishes and her father showered after her mother stepped out. They came out of their room together and they looked dashing.
Jack wore a silver shirt that tucked neatly into his black pants. He attired a classy belt and his brown and black shoes were brand new. Sarah’s father has always had sharp, handsome features, but now he looked exquisite. His long mane of silver hair was freshly brushed as it flowed down to his shoulder blades like a waterfall. “Well how do I look?” Sarah gave him two thumbs up like an idiot.
Jillian wore a thin, elegant and beautiful red dress that hung to every one of her luscious curves. It hung as long as a skirt that reached her knees, but it had a slit on the right side that ran up to the top of her hip. A low neckline emphasized her ample cleavage and the dress even exposed her upper back. Two strings were wrapped at the back of her neck to keep her dress in the right place. Even her thick hair sat perfect and straight as it draped down to the bottom of her shoulder blades. She wore ruby red high heels and matching lipstick. “And how do I?”
“Unfair.” Sarah whispered under her breath and then shook her head at the injustice of the world. “I only look like this.” She used her hands to show what she wore and then gestured what they were wearing. “Mother, your beauty is bordering on unnatural.” She just grinned and Sarah asked “What?”
“My dear daughter, you are sooo barking up the wrong tree.” Jillian looked at her sincerely. “Sarah, you don’t need any look modifications. You have a natural beauty that can’t be matched, you’ve just never had the opportunity or the will to show it. Why do you think your new mate can’t keep his eyes from wandering in your direction with your every motion?” Her mother bent over in a bow, exposing her ample bosom to fix the strap of her high heel. “The first day I met Connor at his house, I realized his eyes were focused only on my face. Usually all males either glance or stare at a woman’s breasts or bottom, but your new husband never been simply the usual type, now has he?”
“No, he never has seemed usual.” and Sarah began laughing silently. “Especially as a Balancer, he is definitely one of a kind.” Jillian shook her head slowly and lifted two fingers, adding Sarah with him. She smiled at her beautiful mother and her relaxed nature.

After everything was finally cleared and ready as they walked across the street. Sarah knocked on the front door and Kara answered.
She wore a pink dress that fit her athletic and buoyant personality. The dress passed her knees and a slit of her dress came up to her mid-thigh. The stylish dress complimented her curves well, but wasn’t as clingy as Sarah’s mother’s red dress. Her sandy blonde hair remained wrapped up in curlers and the makeup she wore was already applied. She was a beautiful sight. Light pink lipstick emphasized her pouty lips and turquoise blue eyeliner made her chocolate irises stand out. And she even did her lashes because they were full and beautiful. Her finger and toenails were even painted deep pink.
“Good morning, Sarah! You look pretty this morning.” She chirped. She looked passed Sarah. “Hello Mr. Branderson.” Her head turned and she finally saw Jillian’s dress. Kara’s eyes widened and Sarah knew exactly what was about to happen. “Here it comes.” “Jillian! What’s holding that dress on? Duct tape or Super glue?” Jack started laughing, hard. But Kara continued being unrestrained. “Be careful because our graduation will be held outside on the school’s Football fields. One good breeze and Whoosh you’ll be stark naked in a school full of horny idiots.” She suddenly changed to a different mental channel and looked at Sarah. She instantly said “Come on in, we’ll get ready to leave in an hour.” “Ahh… Kara your brother gave you a good reference of being similar to a Jack Rustle Terrier.”
They all followed Kara inside and sat down on the couch. Jack picked up the remote and turned to Sports Center.
Jenny walked in the room a few minutes later dressed similar to Sarah. She wore a simple light brown dress. She wasn’t wearing any makeup, but like Jillian said to Sarah earlier, she had a natural beauty as well. “Would you all like anything to eat?” She tossed her wavy golden hair back across her shoulder.
“No thank you. We just ate, but thanks for offering.” Jillian said. Jenny caught the dress Jillian wore and she smiled in a way that said ‘Showoff.’ She then went down the hallway to Connor’s old room silently.

Ten minutes later Sarah smelled her favorite male scent, but didn’t hear a single sound from his approach. She spun on the sofa to look for Connor. When she saw him he took her breath away. He had changed clothes.
Connor stood before her in a black on black tuxedo that had to be custom made for they couldn’t possibly make it in his size to be simply rented. “Surprise!” His smile brightened her mood instantly. He spun on one heel to show his every angle. His pants were pressed as well were his sleeves. He didn’t have any shoulder pads and they weren’t required because of his wide shoulders. His shoes were of polished black leather and he didn’t wear a tie because he once told her ‘You should never have anything around your neck just incase someone could strangle you with it.’
Sarah stood up and whistled. “Hubba! Hubba!” She said in honesty.
“Do you like it?” He smiled her smile.
Sarah leaned back from where she stood to see every angle “Oh Yeah!” and her mother looked at the two of them and smiled. Sarah didn’t need to read her mind to know what she was thinking.
Someone knocked on the door and Sarah answered it for Connor because she was closer. “Good morning Mark, how are you?”
“I’m really good!” And he spun in a circle, showing off his tuxedo.
“Come in, Connor’s going to enjoy this.” she smiled and let him in.
Connor came out of the kitchen as Mark and Sarah came into the living room with the new guest. Connor started laughing first, followed by Mark who caught on quick. They bumped fists like usual.
Mark’s tuxedo was silver on silver and he even matched down to his silver shoes. His spiky, jet black hair made the perfect contrast to the tux. Plus his silver eyes shone like his suit. Connor stepped behind Mark and they really did have the same build only on a different size and frame. Their contrast was shocking with Mark’s silver tuxedo in the fore and Connor’s massive black background. It was picture worthy.
Kara finally stepped out of her room, looking very pretty. Her hair curlers did their job because her hair tumbled on her shoulders and bounced with the curls. As she took each step in her white high heels she stopped cold when she saw Mark in his tux. She then looked at her brother. “Wait right there!” She ordered to the two gentlemen. She reentered the living room with a digital camera a few seconds later. “Brother, you need to go over there and stand behind Mark.” He did as ordered. “Mark, hold your hands in front casually. Brother put your hands behind your back. Lower your jaw a bit. Mark, twist your shoulders just a bit clockwise… Good… Good… Hold it… Perfect!” Her camera flashed. She hit a few buttons on the camera. “Sarah, come over here and take a look at this!”
She walked over and Kara revealed the exact picture she had in her mind. “Princess, how did it come out?” Sarah felt the calm, familiar touch of her mate’s mind.
“Like she said Perfect!” She looked up to see him smile as he left the room while being followed by Mark whining “Buddy, I’m hungry.”
Kara heard the remark and walked into the kitchen quickly and her shoes echoed with every step on the hardwood flooring. Sarah was curious so she followed them as well. Kara threw a few pastries in the toaster and when cooked she handed them over to Mark with a glass of milk. “Thank you.” He said and started eating while they chatted idly.

Thirty minutes later Connor’s grandparents showed up. “Where is my new granddaughter hiding?” Rhoda called from the living room.
“She’s in here, Grandma!” Kara called back, radioing her location.
David and Rhoda walked into the kitchen and everyone received a hug from both of them. “Well how’s married life treating you, Sweetheart?” David asked nicely, not knowing she hated endearments.
“No regrets, Granddaddy!” Sarah smiled at him to keep up pretenses.
“Give it time!” He started chuckling until Rhoda hit the back of his head.
“Don’t put any ideas in her head, Dear.” She rebuked and then grinned mischievously, exactly like Kara. “That’s my job.”
Two hours before the graduation ceremony, they all loaded up in the vehicles and drove to school. Connor drove Sarah’s car with her riding shotgun. Kara and Mark were quietly sitting in the back, holding hands. The trunk held all of their cap and gowns. Jillian and Jack followed in her red sports car. Jenny and her parents rode in her Honda.
They arrived at school and he parked her car in the faculty parking.

***

Getting out of Sarah’s car, Connor knew it was going to be a beautiful day. There were overcastted clouds and a cool northerly wind sweeping through the trees, but the telltale sign of moisture wasn’t there to offer rain. Connor walked around and opened her door while Mark did the exact same thing for Kara. He popped the trunk soon after and Mark joined him at the back while Sarah and Kara talked about something he couldn’t follow. Mark gained Connor’s attention and asked quietly “Ready to leave this place once and for all?” He pointed to the school behind them.
Humiliating memories for the past eight years could finally be put to rest.
“Yes I certainly am.” Connor looked down at him and finally asked a question that’s been nagging at the back of his mind for quite awhile. “Mark, I remembered a few years ago when we went camping for the first time and injured yourself. Now I’ve noticed several big changes since then.”
Mark took his best friend by the elbow gently and stuck his head around the side of the car to talk to the girls. The rigid grasp and serious expression was the only thing keeping Connor from jerking his arm away. “I need to borrow Connor for a minute. We will be right back.” Connor heard Kara tell him “Ok.” He let go of Connor’s elbow when they were out of everyone’s hearing range. “What kinds of changes are you talking about?” His tone remained serious as his silver eyes searched for an answer.
His eyes were now focused, but no threat behind could be seen in their depths. It seemed he feared being caught by something. “The day I brought everyone over to my cottage and I noticed how you carefully stepped in every one of my sister’s foot prints. Another thing was your movements. Somehow your outdoor’s experience in tracking and moving has developed dramatically in the past few years. Either that or you’ve been faking about not being used to camping and hiking. The last thing I never realized was how strong you have become.”
Mark smiled knowingly. “Connor, you are not the only one capable of change and I’ve learned a few things in my time as well. Nothing ever stays exactly the same.” He laughed. For a split second and the third time his eyes flashed weakly. Connor didn’t miss it or brush it off as his imagination this time.
Mark patted him on the back as they walked back to their women. Arriving at the car Connor noticed everyone gathered together. Sarah spotted him and walked over. As she walked, the breeze blew her dress and hair perfectly and it made his heart thrum. She looked up at him with her luscious, emerald green eyes and in her velvety voice asked “Was everything alright?”
“No problems.” She walked with him to the trunk as he threw the gown over his shoulder and held the covered cardboard cap in the same hand. His mate then wrapped her arm around his and shot him his favorite smile as he looked down at her.
Mark held his and Kara’s gown while she held the hats.
Everyone walked with them as they walked through the entrance of the courtyard. As they were about to enter the Football field Kara, Mark and Connor had to head to the gymnasium, while visitors had to take their seats with everyone else at the audience area.
Kara took her gown out of Mark’s hands and ran into the girls changing room. Mark and Connor did the same in the men’s room. He slipped the gown on over his black tuxedo and stepped into a mirror to see what he looked like.
It was a solid blue-green gown that went down to his shins and looked like a tarp. It looked completely smooth, but felt rigid. Connor put on the blue-green cardboard covered hat. It had a blue and grey tassel hanging off the side. He knew this color could never work for him because the darker the clothes looked better. An outdoorsman never chooses to wear brightly colored clothes.
Everyone met in the auditorium and heard the rules, procedures and the conduct of receiving the diploma. Everyone was free to socialize for a few minutes while the last of the preparations were completed. Mark and Kara caught up to Connor a few minutes later and they talked about nothing of any real importance.
Something felt off in the feel and flow of the room. Connor knew this feeling well. It was his instinct warning him that something was happening. Connor looked around and saw nothing but a sea of blue-green flowing in every direction at first, like the ocean in a storm. Something caught his intention a moment later before they lined up to proceed to the field. Connor saw in the gym’s far dark corner Mr. V. and another student huddled together. He was unable to get a clear view of the other person the teacher was talking with. He saw his former teacher hand something small and black to the classmate. The classmate lifted his gown and put the black object in his pants pocket before anyone noticed the exchange.
The vice principal was a middle aged, short heavyset woman whose idea of fun was pushing a student beyond their limits just so that she could expel them. She came close to pushing Connor to that point a few times. In a smokers voice she yelled “Get in one of the four lines that you were assigned!” A minute later Kara stood behind her brother. When the graduating class were in one of their four assigned lines and silent, she continued “You will all follow the rules or you will not receive your diploma! If you understand that, let’s go.” She turned and walked out the doors.
The four lines followed her silently outside and onto the Football field. Before they stepped out into the light Connor heard applause and screams from the spectators. Shielding his eyes he caught the first glimpse of the graduation. There were metal chairs, all perfectly rowed together, awaiting the seniors like a farewell salute. The stage laid at the goal area, covered in many variations and colors of flowers. The presenting teachers all wore black gowns while the rest of the participating teachers wore regular clothing. Since some of the students this year were in wheelchairs they made a ramp. The safety rails going along the stage were also wrapped with flowers.
Connor wanted to find where his family situated themselves and he knew the quickest solution. Focusing on the bond at his stomach he felt out his mate’s loving emotion, distance and direction. He instantly turned his head to look at her while she found him the same way. Everyone else from the family was searching anxiously. Connor turned his head back and followed the student before him until he sat at his appointed seat. Kara sat next to him. As she sat she asked “Where is everyone?” He pointed to the left without taking his eyes off of Kara.
“Fifth row up, ninth from the left. That’s where they are all sitting together.” Kara looked and smiled when at last she saw them.
As the principal walked up to the podium to begin his speech Connor felt a familiar sensation. “Connor I never asked, but what are your plans after this?” He turned his head to look at her.
“I’m thinking of becoming a survival expert and guide or maybe a carpenter.” He smiled at her even though she couldn’t see it from this distance, but she could feel his emotion.
“I think those would be a perfect job for you.”
“Are you still planning on teaching?”
“That’s my hope.”
“It’s the perfect job for you as well, Princess.”
When their conversation finished the first row of students stood and walked up to receive their diplomas. Mark was in the second row and he raised his diploma like a trophy. Kara started to giggle at his antics.
A few minutes and five more row later it was their turn. As the next person received her diploma and shook the principal’s hand he said “Connor May!” The most amazing thing happened. Most of the student body stood up and started clapping. Connor turned back around to see the principal hold his hand out and he smiled sincerely. He turned off the microphone to tell Connor privately “Congratulations, it’s about time people see what I do. It seems like everyone has recently changed their opinion about you. I hope you have a wonderful life Mr. May.” Connor was deeply touched and thankful as he walked off stage.
“Kara May!” and she received her abundant applause as she walked off stage with her diploma.
When the last person walked off stage, everyone threw their caps in the air. Connor had to hold back because if he used his new strength it would seem like it disappeared in the clouds.
The principal had one last thing to say. “Congratulations to you all. Now let’s all celebrate this wonderful day with a party in the court yard!” And everyone yelled and started heading to the courtyard.
Connor first headed back to the car and put their three gowns in the trunk because they were too hot to wear on a day such as this. As a last thought he threw the heavy tuxedo jacket in too. He headed back into the fray and caught up with everyone while dodging and weaving through the crowded courtyard. The courtyard was completely packed with the joyous students and their proud families. Flashing from cameras immortalized memories. Some students still wore their blue-green gowns, but most decided to take it off.

Connor’s family was eating as some male students came up to him. They asked for forgiveness for interrupting, but had something to ask. Sarah looked at Connor first with a smile as she drank a sip of punch before looking over at the well built boys. All of his family watched closely as the leader of their group asked “Connor, we were wondering what college you’re going to?”
“Why?”
“We are all heading to Minnesota State.” The middle guy spoke. “We were wondering if you would join our college’s Football team?” He tried to sound confident, but he looked skittish when Connor’s piercing gaze settled upon him.
Connor’s grandfather sat beside him and chuckled. Connor slowly stood up and the boys took a step back instinctively. He unbuttoned his black vest and his grandfather gladly took it off his hands. Connor glanced at him as he smirked and put on the sleeveless vest. It was too large for him. Connor returned his gaze to the boys and said calmly “I’m sorry, but my answer is no.”
One of the other boys said “But we could use someone on our team with your talents!”
“What talents?” He said, knowing the answer.
“On the last day of school when you held off all of those other guys by yourself, you showed us how much power you have!” another guy said “Or how accurate your throws proved to be at the Dunk Tank.”
Connor accidently overheard Jillian’s thoughts, but didn’t turn to look at her. “… all you want? Please! My son now has enough power to destroy this school in an instant. You children have no idea how much power he does have!”
“That’s why I won’t play any sports. I don’t like hurting people, ok. Do you remember how my body’s built?” Connor emphasized by pointing to the center of his broad chest.
“Who wouldn’t be able to remember that and that tattoo? Plus my girlfriend wants me to train harder because of what she saw from you.” The leader shook his head. “Thanks for that by the way.” He added sarcastically.
“Listen to me for the last time. I only use my strength to protect those I love. I will not use it for personal reasons. My strength is for myself and mine to use as I see fit.” He said, ending the conversation.
The boys walked away in confusion and a little perturbed.
Connor sat back down next to Sarah and everyone around smiled proudly. Connor took a bite out of the hamburger on his plate before he asked “What’s with that look?”
His mom answered for everyone. “If anyone actually took the time to get to know you, they would learn that you could seriously hurt someone. They would also know that you are built like a tank. You’re humble, not prideful.”
“I second that!” His grandma chimed in. “Plus, if you did join their little team, they wouldn’t be able to feed someone like you. The school’s cafeteria would go out of business on the first day.” She smiled at her own joke.
“He’s not the only one who is a pro eater Grandma!” Kara added. “They eat just as much as Brother.” She pointed to Sarah, Jillian and Jack.
“Really? Now that’s hard to imagine.” Rhoda said with a grin. “One day I will have to see that for myself.” And Connor knew she meant it.
“Jack, I never had a chance to ask, but what do you do for a living?” David asked and changed subject at the right time.
“I’m a custom mechanic mostly and a bit of a handyman. I own a garage in the city.” Jack said brushing a strand of silver hair behind his shoulder. David nodded because he always respected a man who works with his hands.
“And you, Jillian?” David asked while looking at her.
“I plan and make parties. Like weddings, anniversaries, class reunions… those kinds of things, but I’m best at being a wedding planner.” She chimed in, setting her plate down on the bench between her and Jack.
Connor saw Sarah take another drink and noticed that she just finished off her cup. “Let me freshen that up for you.” He took her cup as she handed it over. Connor started walking away when he stopped to ask “Would anyone like anything while I’m heading that way?”
“Could you grab me some more finger sandwiches?” Mark asked.
He nodded and walked into the cafeteria when none voiced for anything else. Connor filled up Sarah’s drink and filled a plate full of different finger sandwiches. He turned and exited the cafeteria.
Then his instinct warned him to danger. Hair on the back of his neck rose and the pit of his stomach went hollow.
He wasn’t about seventy feet away from where Sarah and the gang were when he heard someone yell from the left “HEY BLACK SHEEP!” Connor knew that malicious voice and sighed. Everyone turned to look at the fool who called his former nickname. He turned around slowly to make sure it is a fool…It was.
Mathew stood about ten to fifteen feet away wearing a white shirt and blue jeans. He was sporting the smile of a sick and demented person about to do something extremely foolish.
“What do you want now, Mathew?” Connor asked in boredom, but he really was fuming internally. He was sick and tired of Mathew’s petty games.
“To take my revenge on you for making me look like a reject! How dare a mongrel like you step on someone of my breeding and background?”
“It looks to me like the runt of the litter wants to prove himself.” Connor sat down Sarah’s drink and Mark’s food. He turned back towards the ingrate in an unafraid and confident manor and stood with his arms crossed over his chest.
Everyone who was watching started slowly backing away; students, parents and staff alike. They were smart enough to sense the hostility rolling off Connor.
Mathew’s grin widened as he reached into his pants pocket and pulled out something black. The audience backed away even more quickly at seeing a weapon. Thinking it was a real gun, Connor became defensive. Mathew raised his hand to point it at Connor. All eyes zeroed in on the object.
It was an electric stun gun.
Connor instantly assumed his battle ready stance, prepared to take out his most despised enemy. Instinctively his hand went to his waist line, but remembered leaving Tool at home. A weapon would be a comfort, but he had merely his wits. Connor crouched further and cautiously tried to talk him out of this. “Mathew, why are you really doing this? Especially in front of all these innocent people. Do you realize someone could get caught in the crossfire? Even if you do hit me, they are witnesses.”
His menacing smile returned. “No one ever makes me look like the waste that you are. Plus since my father is the mayor, he got wind of your escapade during the carnival and he told me to take care of it!” Mathew raised the stun gun and pointed it directly at Connor’s broad chest. “And I intend to do just that.”
Things were rapidly spiraling out of control.
Connor’s voice became just as demeaning. “So Daddy gets involved in your fights and tells you what to do? Grow up and be a man. If you want a fight. I’ll give you one, but let’s go somewhere else so that no one else can be potentially hurt.” Slightly he spread his arms and tightened his fists. He needed to prepare to react incase Mathew did fire. “Fight me one on one; no weapons.”
The vile smile vanished. “Do you honestly think I’m that stupid? No, I’ll use this to equalize the game.” His finger moved to the trigger and Connor knew that talking him out of this would be useless.

***

“HEY BLACK SHEEP!” Sarah clearly heard over Rhoda’s and David’s heated debate for a surprise after party for Connor and the rest of them. She fervently wished she didn’t know who called the name, but did. “Well let’s see how he squirms away from Connor this time? I’m not going to stop him from that ingrate again.” And a tight lipped smile crept onto her lips.
They all sat together in a circle, watching each other. She looked around and spotted where the voice originated from, but a clear view was obstructed by a mass of people crowding around like spectators in an arena. Sarah could hear Connor’s deep voice talking, but she sat too far away to hear precisely what he said.
The group had a quit all conversations. “Did I just hear someone call someone a sheep?” Jillian asked confused. “Is that some kind of nickname?”
“Is anyone that childish?” Jack looked down and asked his mate.
“That’s Connor’s old nickname that the students offered him unjustly.” Mark explained to everyone, looking outright angry. His fists were clenched tight and his knuckles stood pure white in the blue contrast to the pulsating veins.
The look on Jenny’s face was that of torment and rage. Apparently this seemed to be the first time she has heard that nickname for her son. Also Connor’s grandparents had the same look on their faces as their daughter did.
Kara was the first of them to abruptly stand. Her face flushed red with anger and her voice seethed cold rage. “I hope Brother throttles him!” She stormed away towards the crowd and suddenly vanished within the wall of bodies. Mark instantly took off after her, looking ready to throttle someone himself.
“Who would try to pick a fight with him? He’s so big…” Jillian asked and everyone turned to look at Sarah for an explanation.
“That would be Mathew.” she sighed. “He would be the student who made me fall off the desk. Connor was the one who caught me and scared him off.” Sarah looked at her parents meaningfully.
“When did all this happen?” Jenny looked at Sarah and it struck her that they didn’t tell anyone besides her parents. And astonishingly, Kara kept the secret.
“Two months ago.” Sarah turned to David and Rhoda. “Also on the last day of school we had a carnival and during some games, Connor held off seven people in a game of tug of war all by himself. Then Connor, with Mark’s help, pulled Mathew into the mud pit! Everyone laughed at Connor’s tormenters.” and David’s smiled in satisfaction and a moment later it vanished.
“I say we should see what all the commotion is about!” Jack stated, standing up. The party followed wearing expressionless masks on their faces.
Sarah stood up and walked in front and pushed her way through the crowd. It took longer than she thought to make it to the front, but only a few seconds passed in reality. She was elbowed and had her foot stomped on twice. As she pushed her way in Sarah felt the bond with Connor tell her that he wasn’t afraid, but the danger was real. Since her stature wasn’t large she used it to an advantage to slip closer till she reached the front of the crowd.
It took only a moment to clearly see the two combatants. Her knight was crouched in his battle stance, back arched and arms slightly spread to react to a variety of outcomes while his legs bent slightly, ready to leap. His fists were tightly clenched enough to show that his knuckles were white. Connor’s eyes remained focused an unwavering on the enemy while his neck and jaw muscled bulged and flexed.
Mathew stood not far away wearing an evil smile while he held up something up in his hand and pointed it directly at her husband. Sarah heard the tail end of the conversation. “…to equalize the game.” She finally made her way completely to the front line and could finally see everything, it all happened within an instant.
Connor quickly glanced at his sides and didn’t sidestep knowing that someone else could possibly get hurt. Instead he crouched down even more and she could see the extraordinary muscles in his legs bunching up beneath the pants, ready to be unleashed. He knew they had to hold onto their secret so he did everything at his human speed. As Connor sprang forward at him, head on in a tackling manner, Sarah finally processed what Mathew held towards her love.
The stun gun in Mathew’s hand shot two needlelike electrodes and what looked like confetti directly at Connor. Both of the barbed electrodes pierced into his chest and flesh. As Sarah heard the diabolical Click, Click, Click of the stun gun sending the electricity through the cables she saw Connor crumple to the ground hard. He smashed face first on the concrete as his momentum looked to make the fall even worse. Mathew held the trigger of the weapon and she heard it continuous clicking. Connor started convulsing involuntarily due to the electric current coursing inside his body. Connor couldn’t do anything at all as he was being shocked and kicked in the ribs by Mathew.
“CONNOR!” Sarah shouted, but she couldn’t even hear her own voice over the roar of the crowd’s anger and outrage.
She tried leaping to Connor to see if she could help, but thick, fat arms wrapped around her neck in a choke hold. A menacing voice in her ear said “Stay where you are traitor! This is the punishment that has been coming to that cocky freak for a long time now.” Sarah tried turning her head to see who held her and froze when she finally got a good look at the person. It was her colleague. The morbidly obese and balding Mr. V.
“Let go!” She shouted and used her fake normal human strength, trying to escape. He held her high enough so that she couldn’t stomp on his feet or sweep her heel at his groin. “Not until justice and punishment is served.” He said with a wicked smile.
Several things happened all at the same time. Sarah found Mark and Kara across from her predicament, on the other side of the mass of people. They didn’t see her, but as she watched, Sarah noticed Mark swiftly and easily leave Kara’s side with a red face of fury. He slowly stalked behind Mathew with both fists clenched.
Mathew walked around and continued kicking the other side of Connor’s ribs as he remained faced down on the concrete, still convulsing.
Her parents and the May’s made their way to the front as well. As Sarah spotted them, they spotted her. David and her father’s features went to pure murderous expressions as they saw how Mr. V. held her hostage by the throat. Jenny, Rhoda and Jillian looked towards her in fear, shock and then it changed as a primal fury began to dominate them all. Her father and David moved side by side to come and help her. Both of their fists were clenched and they didn’t look at each other as she knew what was going to happen to her captor next.
Sarah tore her eyes away to look back at her defenseless husband getting stunned and kicked repeatedly. She went still as she saw his face and felt his unleashed emotions nearly knock her unconscious. His face was dripping in blood, from the fall, but Connor’s eyes were looking right at her as he remained laying on the ground. His eyes were by far the most murderous of all.
“HAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” Sarah and everyone present heard Connor’s battle cry for the first time. A frightening roar that put fear deep in the soul itself. His body started to convulse less as his roar ripped through the entire area. His rage consumed him.
Everything and everyone in the courtyard went silent and still except for the continuing shocks from the stun gun. Mark stopped just a foot behind Mathew and Sarah’s rescuers stopped seven feet away to look at Connor in surprise. The arms around her neck ever so slightly eased their pressure, but still remained firm.
A massive, pure surge of energy emanated from Connor as he gave off another loud battle cry. Sarah knew he was calling on the power of Terra to his aid because she noticed sand gathering on the ground all around him. The sand skirted barely over the concrete, as she glanced down at her feet, coming at his command.
“HAAAAAAAAAAA!!!” He roared again and this time Connor’s arms moved by his very own will.
While the electrodes continued shocking, Connor used his arms to slowly push his body up. He then slowly brought one leg up and planted it firmly beneath himself. The sand and dirt encased and surrounded Connor’s black leather shoes, but not one set of eyes, other than hers, noticed. He still felt the shock, but not anywhere close enough to hinder his movements now. All stunned eyes watched him stand under impossible circumstances.
Mathew still held the trigger, but stared up at Connor in total disbelief as he towered over the small child. Mathew stood far too close to her mate to make it anywhere to safety.
It was over.
With blinding speed, Connor grabbed Mathew by the throat and lifted him with one hand, at least two feet off the ground and held him there. Mathew should be honored that Connor didn’t crush his windpipe, but that would be the least of his problems. With Connor’s back turned to her she saw that since he touched Mathew, the electric current somehow altered direction and jumped into Mathew, through his throat. As the current went into him his hand tightened on the trigger and he became the one to convulse.
Connor lifted him even higher and slammed Mathew on the concrete, back first as if he were a ragdoll. It was hard enough for everyone in the audience hear and feel the thud of the impact in their breast, but not enough to kill. After Mathew collided into the courtyard he dropped the stun gun and the shocking immediately ceased. Connor stopped the flow of power he emanated as the last Click died.
Connor instantly turned around to look directly at Sarah. His masculine black undershirt had become ruined in dirt, rips and holes. It was beyond repair, luckily they bought it outright and didn’t rent it. His face continued dripping and streaming in blood profusely. He looked her up and down for a moment and then set his eyes on the man who held her.
Hazel eyes were more murderous than she has ever seen them before and his emotions washed her fear away. He was her protector and Mr. V. made the mistake of breaching a fatal line. Connor was in no mood for games. He slowly started walking and stalking in her direction and Mr. V’s. Arms tightened around her neck, but she barely noticed.
Connor stopped and spoke loudly enough for everyone to hear. His spoke slowly with a voice was laced with a command and murderous intent. “I will not repeat this Mr. V.” Connor’s bloody face and body arched into another battle stance. “Take your filthy hands off my…WIFE!” Connor yelled Sarah’s title.
Everything became even more silent. Her heart still beat wildly.
The arms around her barely loosened and he said quietly in astonishment “Your…wife?”
Sensing a moment to break her bonds Sarah sharply elbowed the fat man in the ribs and escaped behind her husband when the arms were loose enough. Connor’s wide back comforted her with a feeling of safety and it told her that she no longer stood in danger. Mr. V. tried running away, but as he turned around he saw five stone faced figures standing shoulder to shoulder as a barricade.
From the left stood Jenny, Rhoda, David, Jack and Jillian. They were all standing tall and their faces were impassive, if it weren’t for all of their fists being clenched one would never knew what they were thinking. “Boy, you have screwed with the wrong family.” David said in his deep, dangerous voice.
“You should know to never harm a lady. Especially if her husband is as big as my son-in-law.” Jack said in a menacing threat.
Mr. V. tried running away to an open spot in the crowd, but Connor struck far quicker. With one hand he grabbed his former teacher by the back of his shirt and threw him on his back, picked him back up by the collar of his shirt and with both hands he brought up the wide eyed man to his eye level. He said loud enough for the crowd to hear. “I saw you in the corner of the gym earlier.” He pulled him closer to his face. “You were the one who gave Mathew this weapon.” Connor dropped the man down to the ground forcefully, wrapped his hands around the electrodes and yanked the two barbed needles out of his chest. Each needle had been coated red with Connor’s blood.
Moments later Mr. V. found his demeaning voice. “What proof do you have for your accusations?”
Sarah walked to the side of Connor to see him smile. “Are you honestly that stupid? Oh right I forgot you are!” Connor pulled off a piece of confetti from his clothing. It was a small circular orange piece. “When you fire off a stun gun, these are shot out. They are like the striations of a bullet. Each stun gun is unique. They are branded with a serial number that will be traced back to you.”
Connor lifted the man to his stubby feet, crouched down and brought his right fist back. Short of killing the man, Connor wouldn’t let him go without punishment. With one quick movement he punched his teacher directly in his stomach with enough for to deliver him unconscious. As the man started to fall, Connor caught him and threw the limp body over his shoulder like he was nothing. He stood tall as he turned to Sarah.
“Are you alright, Princess?” Connor asked quietly.
“I am, but you’re not!” She tried to touch his bloody face, but he stepped back, grabbing her hand gently and releasing it just as quick.
“You can work on me later.” He smiled and turned his head sharply.
Sarah turned to look in the same direction and saw Mark holding both of Mathew’s arms behind his back. He still wore his silver suit and didn’t ruin it somehow. Kara stood to the side of Mark, glaring at Mathew as he was struggling to free himself without luck. “He tried to escape while you were working on that porker, Buddy.” Mathew tried squirming, but screamed in pain when Mark tightened his grip, almost dislocating his shoulders from behind in the process. “What do you want me to do with him?”
In a deep commanding voice Connor ordered “Knock him out cold!”
Before Mark could react Kara stepped closer. She swung her arm back and with a force Sarah never expected her to have, she struck the back of his head to make him go limp.
Everyone in the audience stared at her with wide eyes. Mark started laughing “That’s my girl!” then copied Connor by throwing Mathew over his shoulder with ease. He turned to look at Connor. “What are we going to do with these two Ass-Clowns?”
Connor turned to the crowd. “Will someone please go retrieve Deputy Burrow!” several people ran off, following Connor’s order while the others remained dumbfounded and spellbound.
“Sarah.” Her head spun back to Connor’s bloody face. “Would you please pick up that stun gun and wrap up the coils? We will need the evidence.”
“Ok, but when this is over I will need to clean those wounds.” He smiled down at her. “What’s that smile for?”
“It looks like you can take your revenge on me for the time I cleaned out those scrapes on your hand and applied the sage…”
“Hey your right… you really are going to get it!” She shot him a playful smile.
“WHERE ARE THEY!?” A deep male voice called from the back of the crowd seconds later. “MOVE ASIDE!”
With the weight of his unconscious teacher draped over his shoulder Connor walked over to stand with Mark who carried Mathew over his shoulder.
“Who called for me?” A tall, slender man wearing a brown deputy sheriff’s uniform appeared in the crowd. He was a middle aged, ebony skinned gentleman who has always treated Connor with respect. He shaves his head and always carries a smile wherever he’s called.
“I did, Deputy Burrow.” Connor raised his free arm.
The deputy walked up to Mark and Connor and started laughing. “Wow, Connor you look like hell. What happened? And what is up with that new growth over your shoulder?” He smiled brightly at the two young men.
“Oh this little ol thing?” Connor shifted Mr. V’s. weight on his shoulder. “Oh he only handed a weapon over to Mathew. Who by the way, is hanging over Mark’s shoulder. Mathew here” he pointed on Mark’s shoulder. “used a stun gun on me without provocation.” Deputy Burrow’s constant smile vanished. “Oh it gets better… Mr. V. put my wife in a chokehold and held her captive.
“While he was shocking and kicking me, while I was down eating the concrete mind you, I stood up and slammed Mathew on the ground. I was glad my wife was able to break free from this teacher and I also incapacitated him until you arrived.”
Deputy Burrow looked angry “Is your wife ok, Son?”
“I’m fine officer.” Sarah walked up to Connor with her hair billowing and her blue dress gracefully shimmered in the sunlight. “I hope this helps convict these two men?” Sarah stepped forward and placed the stun gun in his big hands. “Oh wait…” She walked up to Connor and picked off a few pieces of the stun gun confetti. “This will help as well.”
With the stun gun in one hand and solid evidence in the other, the deputy asked the crowd “Does anyone else have anything to say otherwise in my report?”
“I do!” One of the guys who asked Connor to play Football with them stepped forward. “Connor, actually tried to talk Mathew out of this foolishness. Plus he saved me as well.”
“Explain.” The officer said seriously.
“Connor, took the shock head on. I saw how fast he is capable of moving. If Connor did dodge the gun, I or maybe someone else would have been seriously hurt. He took getting shot on purpose.” The guy said honestly.
“That’s all I needed to hear.” Deputy Burrow said and his smile returned.
“Where is your cruiser?” Connor asked, gaining the deputy’s attention again.
Mark and Connor followed the officer and were followed by Sarah and Kara. The two of them threw the Ass-Clowns, as Mark happily and aptly named them, into the back of the cruiser, still unconscious.
They were both being charged with assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, discharging a weapon in public, endangering the public, holding a hostage and a few other charges thrown in just for kicks. As Deputy Burrow rolled down the window of his cruiser he said “Son, you need to clean yourself up. You have had a rough of a day. Want a ride to the hospital?”
“I’ll take good care of him.” Sarah came up and wrapped her arm around Connor’s. The officer nodded and drove away with the criminals.
“Brother, are you ok?” Kara asked. He looked down at Sarah and then to Mark who all shared the same expression. He must have look really bad.
“I will be after I get cleaned up.” Connor then looked at her with a smile. “You remembered your training, Sis.”
“Well duh. I’m not your typical frail female.” She shook her head.
“What training?” Sarah asked and all looked to her.
“Do you honestly think that Brother is the only strong one in the family?” Kara lifted her dress high enough to show Sarah her sculpted quadriceps. Mark came up and playfully poked her leg to see if her muscles were real. “Stop that.” She said, smacking his hand away playfully.
“Wow Kara I never realized.” She looked up at Connor. “I see now why your sister has your hearing as well.”
“Sorry about that.” Kara apologized a little too easily to be believed.
“I need to clean up.” He said to everyone and they didn’t argue as his face still bled.
They said goodbye to the whole family and the four of them left first. Jenny wanted to have him checked out at the hospital, but as stubborn as she is Connor told her all was fine. On the ride back Mark reminded everyone of their graduation camping trip tomorrow. After they got out of the car, Sarah and Connor quickly ran back to their home in the woods.
Sitting down on the dining room chair, Sarah told him to remove his shirt as she ran into the bathroom to get the first aid kit and some towels. After Connor’s ruined shirt was unbuttoned and stripped off he noticed two deep puncture wounds on his torso. One landed above the left nipple and the other just caught under his right collarbone. The bleeding finally stopped, but it still stung something fierce.
Sarah came in with a handful of clean towels and the first aid box he stocked in the house just incase of an accident. Only because they live so far out in the woods they might need them. She sat them all on the table and walked around to the sink and filled the empty fruit bowl full of hot water. She brought it over and sat down in a chair in front of him. As she cleaned his chest wounds first she asked “How were you able to stand while being shocked.”
Remembering back he explained “When I saw you being held I was so furious that I couldn’t do anything to help you. My mind raced for a solution that didn’t give away what we are and I found the answer to my problems. I knew that I needed to direct the electricity away from my body. I used Terra to pull the electricity away through my feet. I couldn’t get rid of it all, but I managed to direct enough away. I was really amazed when I was able to get hold of Mathew be able to direct it all into him without any pain to me.”
“I have to admit that Mathew deserved far more than that slam you delivered.” She smiled as she dipped the towel again in the water. “I’m finished with this part, lean over here and let me work on your head.”
Connor leaned down as she used the warm and wet washcloth to wipe the blood out of his eyes first then moved to his cheeks. She wiped away the blood in his forehead lastly. “There is only a deep scrape; at least there isn’t a deep, fleshy gash like I feared.” She cleaned the wound quickly and removed all of the dirt and any foreign objects from his head with peroxide. She added an ointment and one gauze patch to cover the wound on his forehead and two smaller adhesive bandages over the puncture wounds on his chest.
When she finished Connor grabbed her bottom and sat her down side saddle on his lap. She squeaked from the suddenness of her movement and felt large arms wrap arms around her and clutched her tight to his breast. Connor laid the side of his cheek on the top of her head, telling her “When I saw his arms around your head I thought he was going to break your neck.”
She wrapped her arms around him as well. “I was worried that Mathew was going to kill you too.” They held each other for several minutes in complete silence. She moved first and raised her head, speaking softly “I love you, Connor.”
“I love you too, Sarah.” And they kissed each other in comfort and safety; not passion.
She stood later and made dinner while he washed his blood out of the towels and threw away the rubbish from the first aid.
They ate a large meal again before taking a shower together and fell asleep not long after.
This day didn’t turn out as expected. It wasn’t happy, but it reminded him of what is truly important of this life.





New and Old

Connor awoke early the next morning feeling remarkably pain free. It was a welcome sensation. Sarah remained fast asleep as he silently left the bed and put on a pair of shorts. Connor left the room to check out his new battle wounds. When he entered the chilly bathroom he carefully shut the door and turned on the lights before stepping into the mirrors reflection. He stripped away the bandages off his chest. Thankfully he became a Balancer and no longer suffered the dread of having any fine bodily hair getting pulled off along with the bandage. Looking closely in the mirror he noticed that the wounds created from yesterday were healed and only two small pink patches of new skin showed where they were.
He then quickly removed the bandage that covered his forehead. Connor thought he must have been seeing things because there wasn’t a single abrasion on his forehead, only soft pink skin remained. “Sarah didn’t say that I would be able to heal this fast.”
Returning to the bedroom he sat down on the bed and began rubbing her shoulder softly, knowing Sarah just had to see this. She slowly awoke from the gentle touch. She then stretched and sat up, bringing the bed covers up with her to cover her breasts. “Good Morning.” She yawned. “How are you feeling?”
“Take a look for yourself!” He stood and walked over to the light switch, turned it on and returned to the bed again.
Taking a minute to focus her eyes Sarah saw exactly what he meant. “Connor, your wounds, their all healed!” Sounding astonished would be an understatement for the way she spoke.
“Yes, you never told me that Balancers could heal so fast.”.
“Connor, your mistaken. Balancers don’t heal, we regenerate. And we can’t. Not this fast. Well we can add another oddity to our circumstance.” She put her fingers to her temples and rubbed. She exited the bed without the sheet and walked over to her dresser to put on her black lace undergarments. She put on some brown jeans and a black sleeveless shirt.
She sat down on the bed, crossing her legs as she patted the bed in front of where she sat. Sitting down comfortably, she explained precisely what she meant. “Connor, we regenerate our cells, not heal. When a normal human’s cell divides, the copy is slightly degraded. That’s the only reason why humans die of old age. If the degradation process didn’t occur they would be as immortal as we are. Their cells cannot make an exact duplicate like ours can.
“Ours on the other hand makes an exact and perfect replacement to the original cell. Not only that, but our system is flooded with Stem Cells. If we lose a limb, and we don’t die from blood loss, a Balancer can regenerate any severed extremity in time. Father is a prime example of this because his left arm was severed in a battle five hundred years ago and it grew back in about six months.
“The odd thing I was talking about was how quickly you regenerated. Normal Balancers regenerate only slightly faster than a human, but not by much to be noticed. Unlike you that is.” She smiled, stood up to walk out the door.
“Where are you going?”
“To test out another theory.” She said sweeping past the door.
A moment later Connor felt through the bond that she was in pain. He rushed out of bed in a blur and entered the kitchen to hear the sink running. Sarah’s forearm had been thrust under the flowing water and turned red and a red stained carving knife sat on the sink table. “What happened?”
“I’m experimenting to see if I heal as quickly as you.” She smiled and turned off the water. He ran around the table, grabbing her arm to see how much damage she did to herself. It wasn’t too deep, but just deep enough to draw blood. The injury was located over the top of her forearm. It was an inch long and he ran to the bathroom to patch up her arm. As he came back in she smiled. “I was right!”
“You cut yourself. How could you be right?”
She held her arm out. “The bleeding has already stopped.” Connor looked for himself and noticed that it did. “I’m still going to cover it!” She didn’t object to his worry for her. It was a foolish test and she well knew it.
After he finished taping her up they walked into their room and opened the closet. They grabbed their hiking packs and filled them with four pairs of clean clothes, several kinds of packaged foods and two canteens filled with fresh water. Connor slid Tool in his belt and grabbed both of their bags as they left the house.

Taking a normal human, leisurely stroll through the woods was a pleasantly calming experience. Most of the travel time had been spent as they smiled at each other. Before they crossed onto Jack’s property Sarah blurted out of nowhere “Did you realize that this is to be our first double date?”
She made him smile. Connor looked up at the tree canopy saying “You’re right I never thought about it that way.”
Breaking through the tree line Connor spotted Mark’s brown jeep in his mom’s driveway. He must have gotten here early. Connor sat the packs in the back of the jeep and then they went inside the house. Kara wore blue jeans along with a pink shirt, covered with a brown jacket. She already laced up her hiking boots. Her hair was pulled back into a simple ponytail. “Hey Brother, you ready?” He nodded. “How about you, Sarah?” and Sarah nodded as well.
Mark came out of the hallway, that led down to Kara’s room, carrying a brown pack, filled with things. “Kara, is this all you need?” He wore blue jeans and a silver shirt along with black hiking shoes.
“Yes… Wait!” She stormed off to her room again, skirting around Mark. A minute later she returned with a long wooden case that was instantly recognized by her brother. Kara sat it down on the couch.
“Kara, what’s in the box?” Sarah asked in an interested voice.
“Oh this?” She pointed to the case. “Well you know Brother’s weapon Tool. This is my weapon.” She bent over and opened the case. She lifted her weapon out of the box to show everyone.
A finely crafted silver Longbow appeared. One she asked Connor to create for her a few years ago. Kara sat the end of the bow down and the tip of the bow remained strung with a black string and it stood as tall as her shoulder when the base touched the floor. She reached in the box again, bringing out a quiver of arrows along with a leather hip holster.
“Why would you need to bring something like that?” Mark asked.
“Because I don’t go camping without it.” She stated matter-of-factly.
“Alright let’s get going.” Mark said, slinging her pack on his back.
Kara wrapped the bow across her back, the string clung snugly across her chest. She quickly stuffed the quiver into the holster as she ran out the door.
Sarah and Connor shared a smile at their relationship. Mark had accepted her simple statement without asking why she wanted to bring her bow.

Mark drove for several hours to a destination Connor hasn’t seen in years. Sarah sat with him in the back while Kara and Mark took the front. Mark pulled into a heavily forested area. “We’re here.” He said and all exited the vehicle.
The sun hung high in the sky with scattered clouds and the weather was a perfect seventy five degrees. Connor had a feeling that this was going to be a good idea for a perfect weekend getaway. Sparse clouds and low humidity told that chances of it raining would be negligible at best.
Connor put on his pack, as did Sarah and Mark. Kara strapped the holster of arrows to her waist and the bundle hung from her left hip. She strapped the bow over her head again before they all took to the trails. Connor grabbed his sister’s bag because he knew she couldn’t strap it on over her bow.
The four of them walked together for twenty minutes through the woods. Connor wanted to get camp setup as soon as possible. “Hey Mark?”
“Yeah, Buddy?”
“I think we should go ahead first, and set up camp.”
He looked at Sarah and Kara first and then came back to his friend. “I agree. Let’s go.” He said in understanding the simple logic and reasoning.
“Brother, what if we lose you.” Kara asked in her chirpy voice.
“You won’t as long as Sarah’s with you.” Kara nodded and he looked at Sarah. “Take your time, Princess. Have a nice girls chat.”
Both men picked up their pace along the mountainous trail, but didn’t run.

***

As Mark and Connor sped away from them Sarah couldn’t help but look at her mate’s bottom. He looked so tempting in those shorts of his. She also noticed that both Connor and Mark traveled in a rapid yet measured pace that only experienced hikers know how to travel.
Sarah happened to glance at Kara as she saw the last of their men vanish from sight. She had a dreamy yet sad expression etched on her expression. She asked compassionately “Kara, what’s wrong?”
“What do you mean?” She adjusted the long bow on her back, trying not to speak any further. She turned to look at Sarah with a barely pouting bottom lip.
She pointed to where the boys vanished like silent specters. “Has something gone wrong between you and Mark?”
Kara looked straight ahead as she answered. “I’m not sure actually.” She sighed uneasily. “I’ve known Mark for about as long as Brother and he has always been so nice towards the two of us. He never pressed himself against us, but he is like family.” She glanced at Sarah for a moment. “The day Brother had to track you down, Mark stayed with me that entire night. It was one of the first times we spent so much time together, alone and without interruption. We talked about many different things and I got to really know him or thought I did. I asked him why he lives alone and why he never talks about his family. He had a look of longing, but like either he has never had a real family or his family didn’t want him. He might be Brother’s best friend, but he can sure be mysterious at times.”
Sarah touched her sister-in-law’s shoulder. “One thing is for sure, you share your brother’s compassion and observational abilities.”
Kara started laughing. “I could never have half the instincts that my big brother has.” She looked at the ground after remembering something. “That’s not all though.” Kara looked up at her, wearing a fake smile. “Mark and I have been kind of dating as long as you and Brother have. I love having him around me all the time he makes me feel… I really can’t put the feeling into words.”
“Whole?” Sarah supplied, trying to help.
“That’s a good word.” She put her hands behind her head as she walked. “During the school carnival; that was the first time he actually kissed me and I was so happy. He is a great kisser… but…
“That night I went over to his apartment and we stayed up all night talking. It was weird though…I thought that we would do more. You know what I mean?” She jiggled her delicate eyebrows provocatively. “We didn’t though.” She looked ahead again, still walking uphill and not even getting winded. She didn’t lie about being an experienced hiker. “I can feel that he wants to be with me. I can see it in those silver eyes of his. Every time we get close though, he pushes himself away from me. It’s really getting annoying. I know he’s hiding something from me because it’s like he’s trying to protect me from some secret.”
“Would you like my opinion?” Sarah asked evenly, knowing the burden and value of secrets.
“Why do you think I’m spilling my guts to you?” She said sarcastically. “I wouldn’t be able to tell anyone else I have a boyfriend who doesn’t want to jump my bones.”
“It seems to me that since I’ve known him, he’s looking at life at a new angle now.”
“You have to give me more than that… Stop being so vague.” She stopped walking and Sarah turned to look at her holding her pack in one hand.
“You have seen the changes that Connor has gone through recently?” Kara nodded in understanding. “Do you also see how he always follows Connor around and listens to whatever he has to say?”
She looked up, thinking, just like Connor does. It is a strange habit they share. “You are right, but what does it really mean?”
“This isn’t exactly the right answer, but I think Mark is searching for something that he doesn’t know how to find. When I see Connor serious, I know for a fact that everyone will follow his command. He is a natural leader…if he wants to be.” Kara nodded twice. “Mark, I believe, is trying to find his place in the world and instinctively he’s following your brother for guidance.”
“For guidance?” She tilted her head to the side.
Sarah cracked a one sided shy smile. “As humans, we hate being alone. We are social creatures. When we come together with common interests or ties; some people have an innate sense to become a leader and take charge. Connor is that leader. Through his actions he shows his strength, compassion, protectiveness and above all else, his heart.” Sarah touched her chest over where her heart is and smiled to herself. “That’s why I love him and why I will always be with him.” Sarah looked to her right and witnessed Kara staring at her and wearing a pleased smile. “Both you and Mark feel the same way towards him. Both of you love him and follow Connor in your own way.”
“How will this help get Mark to make a move?” She chirped.
“I think that this is the first time he’s really falling in love with someone.” Kara’s eyes went wide. “I think he’s watching and learning from Connor to see what love is like and how he can understand it in himself.” She took a deep breath. “Men learn about love quicker from another man who is in love. They normally don’t ask another man about their love lives, because they don’t need to. Most men learn by watching and studying; unlike us women who learn quicker by asking questions.” She looked directly in Kara’s twinkling eyes while speaking delicately and clearly. “Let Mark learn from your brother and when he finds his answer, I guarantee that you will be the first to know everything.”
She nodded in careful consideration. She then looked up in the canopy like Connor does when he’s processing information. “That makes sense.” She turned to look at Sarah again. “Was Brother like that with you?” Kara asked seriously.
“In his own unique way, yes.” Sarah admitted.
Kara started walking again and Sarah caught up quickly. She watched the quiver at Kara’s left hip swing back and forth along with her gentle strides. And she asked “Kara, may I see one of your arrows?” She turned her head. Without looking down she quickly pulled out an arrow by the tail end with her right hand and handed it over. Sarah grabbed the arrow by the shaft.
At the end of the shaft held a carved wooden nock that would fit perfectly on the string. The vane’s were made from plastic and colored a bright pink. The shaft of the arrow was made out of a hardwood, she assumed oak, and the wood had been stained a dark brown almost like the earth. She crested her shaft with what looked like acrylic pink nail polish that was in three separate rings, spaced a half inch apart. The point of the wooden tip was sharpened to a point and fire-hardened, but it didn’t have any barbs. “Why don’t you use an arrowhead? That would keep the arrow in its intended target.”
Kara kept walking as she said. “I don’t like killing animals unless I have to or unless I was starving and had no other choice. I would rather wound or incapacitate them if given a choice for me to escape.”
“Hmm, that’s interesting.” “Just like your brother.” Sarah said under her breath, but Kara heard it and smiled. “Where did you get those arrows from?” She handed the arrow back, trying to return to the subject.
She slid it back into her quiver. “I made them myself.” She looked straight ahead. “Brother was never a good Marksman with any projectiles. He can throw with deadly accuracy, but he is more the hand to hand fighter type.” She flashed a smile. “Me on the other hand, I’m a Marksman. I have rarely missed a target that was in my sights.” She knelt at the ground and studied the earth. She moved some leaves over. “This is Mark’s print without a doubt, we’re still in their trail.”
Sarah felt for her bond with Connor and knew she was right. “How do you know its Mark’s?”
“Brother’s feet are larger, but Mark’s impressions are heavier. Brother never leaves tracks unless he forces himself to do so. He has to think about it. It’s always perplexes me that a person his size does these things.” She said standing up. “Any other tests you want to give me?”
“Ok how about this!” Sarah walked over to a fern and snapped off a small leaf. She walked back and handed it over to her. “About how long ago did it rain?”
Kara studied the leaf intently. She snapped it in half and looked along the break. “I would say about two and a half to three weeks ago.” She said throwing the leaf down.
“Not bad!” Sarah was honestly impressed. “What kind of flower is this?” She pointed at a sunny spot that held a large, bright reddish-orange flower.
“That’s easy. It’s a Wood Lily.” She said instantly.
They walked for over two hours, testing each other back and forth with each new plant they came across. Sarah also noticed that all of the fruit bearing plants were completely stripped of vegetation and some trees had odd marks on their trunks.
Every now and then either Kara or Sarah would kneel down to make sure they were still on their trail that the men left. Sarah forced herself to keep up the pretense of tracking even though she strongly felt the bond with Connor. They had been stationary for some time now. Their path suddenly turned to the left side of the trail and they left an obvious sign for any to follow. 
He carved into a tree ‘This way ladies’ and an arrow underneath pointing to the east.
Kara put her hand to her forehead and sighed. “Brother, you are such an idiot.”
“At least we know we didn’t lose them.” Sarah added.
“There’s that.” Kara agreed with a small laugh.

In about thirty minutes Sarah knew through the bond that Connor was close. She looked up and saw there remained nearly two hours of sunlight left. She didn’t tell Kara how close they were, but she knew as well. 
Before Sarah heard anything Kara said “I hear a fire crackling! They must be finished building up the camp site.” She took a deep breath. “Brother! Mark! We made it!” She yelled in her quick, chirpy voice.
“We know Kara! I heard your footfalls a minute ago.” Connor called back. And Sarah could hear Mark laughing.
They entered a small clearing with short green grass that covered the ground. There were two logs and between the men sat a fire pit. Two people could sit on one of the logs and three on the other. Connor sat at the larger one while Mark took residence on the other, shorter log. Above the flames of the fire hung a large metal bowl that looked to be filled with water that had just begun to boil. 
Behind Connor stood a big, opened front, lean-to shelter that had a small canopy that provided shade and another runoff incase it rained. The shelter not only had a back steeped wall, but three more sides. Two of the walls blocked the outer sides of the shelter and the third wall sat in the middle; separating the shelter in two rooms. It had been designed to shelter each couple. And there were two litters that made a raised bed that stood about a six inches off the ground. No one would have to suffer by sleeping on the cold ground. On the top of each of the two litters laid open were their sleeping bags.
Connor continued looking at Sarah with a smile on his face. That smile can make even a sunset seem boring. He stood saying “Does this appease you?”
“It suits me nicely.” Connor walked up and unsnapped the clip between her breasts and helped remove the pack. Sarah was lucky to be a Balancer or else her legs and back would be in excruciating pain after such an arduous hike. Holding the pack in one hand, he kissed the top of her head.
He walked over to a tall tree, sat the pack on the ground and then reached up and untied a piece of rope. He let the packs that were tied to the other end of the rope slide down to the ground. He tied her pack to the rest of them, hoisted the bags back into the tree and tied the other end back to the limb.
She thought to him. “Why are you putting our packs up in the tree?”
“There are animals that will make quick work of our meager supplies. We only brought enough for three days. Even if something does get to our supplies I can find us food without fail.”
“What kinds of animals live around this area?” She wanted to know what to keep an eye out for.
He turned to look at her. “Animals like; raccoons, opossums, foxes, wolves, black bears, skunks and other critters along that line.” He walked up and took her hand and interlaced their fingers with a spine-tingling smile.
Connor turned her around to sit by the welcoming fire. Kara took off her bow and laid it on the ground, next to the log, but out of reach from the pit. Still standing, she unfastened her belt and sat the quiver next to the bow.
Mark’s eyes were carefully watching her as she finished setting her things down. She stepped over the log and sat down on it; touching thigh to thigh with him. She looked at him and smiled. “Where is the closest water supply?”
He pointed over his shoulder. “Behind those bushes is a waist deep and slow moving stream. I would say about thirty yards away.” She nodded and turned her head to look at the fire.
Connor led Sarah to the other log and she sat down first followed by Connor. She understood why they sat on the larger log. Since Connor’s frame is larger; he needed more bottom room.

***

For the next two hours they talked about the carnival and what went down at graduation. And then Kara asked “Speaking of… How are you feeling, Brother?”
Connor tore his eyes away from his blunt sister. Looking up he noticed that the sun had gone down and the stars were twinkling in the clear night sky. The light given off from the fire reflected off the trees eerily. He added a few sticks into the fire to keep the night’s cool air from chilling them. Then his hip was beginning to feel sore so he took Tool out and laid it next to himself, on the ground.
Looking back at Kara who waited intently and impatiently for an answer, he retorted “I’m fine Kara. I wasn’t hurt too bad, luckily.”
“But there was so much blood?” She sounded worried.
“It was only a small cut.” Connor felt Sarah shift uncomfortably next to him. Putting his arm around her for comfort, she stilled and leaned in closer to him.
Mark came to the rescue. “Kara, the head bleeds profusely. Even from a small cut. It usually looks worse than it actually is.” Connor mouthed ‘Thank you.’ and Mark barely nodded for his conformation and then asked Sarah “Are you cold?”
“Not really, but I am getting slightly famished.” She smiled up at Connor.
Kara threw her head back and barked a laugh. “I don’t think we brought enough food to fill your bottomless pit.”
“I think I can survive from the meager morsels we brought with us.” Sarah said giving a small smile to Connor’s sister.
Mark grabbed the bowl and walked over to the stream to refill its contents while Connor pulled out his pack and grabbed four apples and two family size cans of chili. After tying the rope back to the tree he walked back to the fire.
Mark had already returned with the bowl full of water and set it over the fire to boil. Connor tossed everyone an apple as an appetizer until the water became hot enough for the cans of chili to be added.
Connor had forgotten to grab the bowls and cups from their packs and Kara obliged by getting them herself. Kara and Mark ate the first batch of chili and after Connor walked over to the stream again to refill the can; Sarah and he finally ate.

It was around midnight from the way the crescent moon hung in the clear night sky when Connor said “We had all better get some sleep tonight. The sun will be up in about five hours.”
No one had any arguments because every single one of them were weary from today’s journey. Connor added a few pieces of oak to the small fire to keep it from dying during the night.
Kara picked up her quiver and longbow and laid them at the mouth of the shelter. She laid down on the litter and it crackled as it supported her weight. She was then followed by Mark and his weight sunk the litter down into the soil by an inch. They took the left side of the lean-to shelter.
Sarah went to bed first as Connor stood and washed the utensils, cups and the bowls in the stream. He strung up the metal bowls and cups on the side of the shelter to keep them from getting dirty. He was tired and finally knew everything felt secure enough for the night.
Crawling into the litter; Sarah was already laying on her side and her back aimed in his direction. As his full weight was taken by the bedding Connor tossed the other half of their sleeping bag over the two of them and then wrapped his right arm over Sarah’s abdomen. She shifted her body to press her back flush against his chest then thought softly in his mind. “It was a bit of work getting up here, but I actually had a good time walking with Kara today.”
“She’s annoying, but she can keep you entertained for a rather long time.” Connor felt Sarah silently laugh as her back shook.
“This is the first time I have gone camping with someone else that wasn’t family. I mean I usually go by myself or with my parents. We have this tradition in my family that we go camping together once a year, during the winter solstice.”
He thought it odd so he asked. “Why on the solstice?”
“I was born on December 21st over three hundred years ago. It’s better to call my birthday the solstice rather than giving the expressed date. It sounds cooler too.” She turned around on the litter and moved up to look at him, face to face. She wanted to see his reaction he supposed.
“Can I ask what your exact age is?” He cracked a smile and she smiled back with mirth.
“Connor, Balancers don’t keep their exact ages like humans do. We count our ages by every century we survive. Last time I checked I was the eleventh youngest of our entire clan. That is unless someone had another daughter in the past twenty five years.”
“Well if that’s true I would be considered what? Being that I am not even a century old.” At that she smiles his favorite smile.
“You are considered a Child until you become one hundred. Then you will be considered an Adolescent until you reach the age of five hundred. Then you become an Adult for the next one thousand years. If you reach the age of one thousand five hundred you reach the age of being a Sage.”
“So I’m a Child huh?”
“And I’m an Adolescent!” and she giggled silently.
Connor leaned forward and they kissed softly and quietly. After they ceased the kiss they stared into each other eyes. He had another question. “Are there any more age levels as Balancers?”
“There is only one more level. They are known as the Elders. There are only thirty Elders and they are our leaders. Each of the them are all well over eight thousand years old!” Her eyes became soft while his eyes went wide.
He delved into her mind even more to see what she pictured. In her mind she imagined herself holding his hand while staring off into the sunset. Orange streaks from the sun gave everything a new shade of color. Birds flew towards their nests while the wind swirled loose leaves. They stood on a castle terrace smiling at each other. “What is that picture meant to be?”
“Since you saw it; it was what I imagined us being if we would be lucky enough to one day become Elders.” She smiled at him in longing.
“I will do whatever it takes to make your dream a reality.”
“It will be nothing more than a fantasy.” She closed her eyes.
But still she honestly wanted to become an elder.
“BULL!” He mentally shouted to her and her eyes shot wide open. “Now that I have your attention; I will make sure that one day you make Elder. Do you know what that means for you?”
“I sure do. It means that we will have to put up with each other for a LONG time.” Sarah wrapped her arms around his head and held him in her vision. “I can’t imagine spending my life with anyone else.” Sarah pulled herself closer and gave him one more kiss. Then she stopped suddenly and drew away. “What was that?” Her eyes shot open again as Connor focused his hearing on a noise.
There was a soft rumbling sound getting steadily louder. It had a gravelly feel to it, but it wasn’t a steady sound, it kept oscillating in and out. Connor didn’t budge a single muscle, nor did she as he tried to figure out where he heard this sound from. It seemed a familiar, dim memory. Then it came to him. Connor started to laugh quietly and he knew Sarah wanted an answer. “Kara’s snoring.” Sarah broke into a smile and she too started to laugh. “She hasn’t snored in years as far as I can remember, since I made her stop.”
“How were you able to stop the sound of that locomotive?” Sarah gestured with her head towards where the other couple slept.
“I put one of my dirty socks in her mouth.” Sarah had to take her arms from around his head to cover her mouth to muffle the laughter that shook the litter.
After a few more minutes, she calmed down, but laughing tears still streamed down her cheeks. Her front was pressed to his and she used his left arm as a firm pillow. Then a similar snore tore alongside Kara’s as Mark snored too. Not long after, she started her gentle and innocent snoring and he knew she was finally asleep. Connor, tired as well, fell asleep not long after.

The morning came and Connor awoke first. The first rays of light were filling the eastern sky, but the image of the sun was still hiding below the horizon. It was surprisingly crisp this morning and a thick fog had rolled in the camp. He gently lifted his wife’s head and sat it down gently on the covering. He easily slid out of the bedding and walked to the fire without disturbing anything. It remained burning softly so he added a few more branches and stoked the fire, bringing it more life.
Connor picked up the bowl and walked to the stream and filled it completely. He returned and put the water over the fire to boil. 
He walked over to the snore section and gently touched Mark’s shoulder. He was asleep in the same position that he did with Sarah. Mark awoke, turning his head slowly and carefully and his eyes focused on the person who disturbed his slumber, looking groggy. He whispered “What time is it?”
“Early.” Connor whispered “I need some help getting breakfast ready.”
Mark nodded and slipped out of bed easily without rousing his girlfriend. They walked away from the girls and to the fire before they spoke. “What do you need help with?” Mark said while stretching.
“The water still needs more time to boil so I think we should go clean up first.” He suggested. Plus Connor needed to put a theory to rest that’s been scratching the back of his mind for a long time.
Mark nodded and they walked to the suspended packs to get their cleaning supplies. Tool had already been slid into his belt loop as they walked to the stream. Connor stripped down to his boxers and held Tool and a bar of soap. He then entered the frigid stream. The water came nearly up to his hip till he submerged his entire body in the clear water and it about took his breath away. It was like getting punched in the chest. He started lathering his chest when Mark asked “How’s the water?”
“Crisp!” Connor answered with a shiver and Mark laughed. He also broke down to his boxers and did a cannonball into the stream, splashing everything in sight. Connor had no alternative but to laugh. When he resurfaced Connor saw that the water came up to the middle of his friend’s abdomen. After he finished lathering Connor tossed the bar over to Mark and he started up his cleaning ritual.
Lucky Tool had been sharpened before they left because it was still sharp enough to shave with, even after its use building the camp shelter. After he finished shaving he dunked himself in the water again and as he came back up he saw Mark’s pupils flash momentarily again. Connor didn’t react in any way as he walked out of the stream. He started drying his legs when Mark said “Do you shave your legs too, Little Missy?” and started laughing.
“At least someone won’t make a mistake and call animal control on me; unlike someone else I know.” Connor fired back and they both started laughing at each other.
“Touché. I need to shave as well. Could I use your hatchet?” He tossed Tool and Mark caught it by the handle. He lathered his face with the soap and shaved.
As Connor finished putting on the spare black pants and shirt, everything that scratched the back of his mind about Mark all fell into place. The past linked together in a rush. The first time Mark went camping and sprained his ankle, Connor couldn’t see where he tripped. How quickly the bruise and the swelling showed up was the next abnormal indication. Mark’s drastic change in muscle development required hours upon hours of labor yet he didn’t do nearly enough. It came about too quickly since Connor knew his lifestyle and he doesn’t work out like he does. What seemed even more odd about the development was that his muscles looked exactly like Connor’s, but only smaller to fit his frame. The way he moved when they brought everyone to the cottage for the first time indicated he knew exactly what he was doing. And most of all, those quick flashes in his eyes weren’t natural. All of the pieces came together and Connor then knew exactly what Mark is.
He didn’t call him out on it, but at least he finally solved Mark’s big secret.

After Mark finished shaving and putting on a clean pair of clothes they walked back. They each put their dirty clothes in a plastic bag. Connor took out four small packets and some sealed sausages and meat patties. Mark walked over to collect the bowls and cups. He also grabbed a skillet
The water finished boiling and with Mark’s help Connor filled four cups full of the boiling water. Mark opened the four packets and poured one packet in each cup. After he stirred them, he sat them down on the ground to cool. Mark handed the skillet over and Connor sat it over the fire; when it was hot enough he used a fork to toss the sizzling meats around.
Two minutes later the wind changed direction. The smell of food wafted directly towards the shelter and sleeping women. Kara bolted up instantly and practically yelled “Food!” She looked over at the men and scurried over quickly, sitting next to Mark. Sarah on the other hand sat up slowly and rubbed her eyes. She walked over to the group after she untangled herself from the sleeping bag. She yawned and said at the same time “Morning.” She sat down next to Connor and laid her head on his arm.
“Mark, they should be cool enough now.” He pointed to the steaming cups with the fork.
As Conner kept flipping the meat around the skillet Mark passed the hot mugs around. He handed a cup to Kara first and she sipped its contents. She moaned as the hot liquid warmed her being and satiated her thirst. “Thank you.” He sat one between his best friend’s feet and handed the other to Sarah who took it gratefully.
She smelled the cup first before she took a small sip. “This hot chocolate feels really good on a morning like this.”
The cup between Connors legs allowed the aroma to mix in with the meat. And it was an amazing mix of flavors that assaulted the senses.
When the meat had thoroughly cooked, everyone held their bowls out and each received the same amount of food. Connor finally sat the skillet down and grabbed the hot cocoa from between his feet, taking the first swallow. Sweetness and warmth hit the stomach and his body started warming up quickly from the cold morning bath. It was going to be a great morning.
After everyone finished eating Connor washed all of the cooking supplies.
Not long after, Sarah and Kara went behind the shrubs to the stream and they both cleaned up as well. What became a funny moment was when the men heard Kara yell “Damn! Why didn’t the boys tell us it would be this cold!?”
Mark and Connor looked at each other and laughed silently knowing why they didn’t tell them. It was to listen for their reactions. It wasn’t disappointing.
Sarah came back first, fully clothed and her skin looked almost pale white from the cold water. Her long hair stayed dripping wet as she put her dirty clothes away. The bandage he put on her arm yesterday had been taken off gone and she didn’t have a mark on her from where she cut her arm. So she too regenerated as quickly as he does. She quickly walked back to and sat in front of the fire, hoping to draw in its warmth. She looked up at Connor seriously. “That wasn’t funny.”
“From who’s end?” He smiled yet she didn’t.
“Let me get this right, you did that for fun?” Her green eyes narrowed and began to darken with resentment.
The best solution came quickly. “No. So I could do this!” Connor picked her up and sat her in his lap. She squealed and Mark laughed. “Do you understand my reasoning now?” he whispered in her ear and she stilled.
“I do now.” She leaned back into his chest without saying anything else. Her wet hair dried quickly as his shirt absorbed the moisture.
Another idea came to him.
“Are you still cold?” Connor whispered in her ear.
“Yes.” She thought. He then used a small trickle of power and funneled it through his palm and into her forearm, making sure he didn’t give enough to make his hand glow. “That feels better. Thank you.”
Kara walked back moments later and saw how Connor held Sarah. She quickly put her clothes away and literally jumped onto Mark’s lap without a moment’s hesitation. He obviously wasn’t ready for her leap as he asked “Kara, what did you do that for?”
She turned her head to look at him too quickly because her wet hair smacked him in the face. Sarah tried not to giggle, but he felt her body vibrating from the monumental restraint. “Because. I’m just as cold as Sarah is.” He sighed and wrapped his arms around her and she snuggled into his embrace.
When the girls were finally warmed up the sun was finally high enough to burn the fog away. Sarah looked at Kara and Mark. “What are we going to do for today? It’s your show since you invited us.”
Kara answered quickly. “We’re hiking. We are going to take in all of the beautiful mountain scenery.” She spread her arms in an exaggerated manor.
“I think that will be fun.” Sarah said, getting off his lap to stand and stretch.
Connor filled the canteens with the boiled water and each person hooked one on their belts along with a few energy bars in their pockets. He slid Tool in his belt while Kara strapped her quiver and longbow on. Before they left he pushed some dirt around the campfire to keep the embers warm.

***

As they left camp this morning Sarah made sure that her canteen sat securely on her hip. She tucked her shirt into her pants and made sure that her boots were laced properly. When Connor came back, he looked at the three of them. “Ready to go?” He asked everyone. They all were ready and as one; the four of them walked into the forest to get some exploring in.
Throughout the day they followed the trails and trees. The hills and mountains were even more stunning than Kara led Sarah to believe. Connor pointed out certain tracks of animals from deer to wild pigs, many that even the most skilled trackers would have missed. They relieved themselves periodically throughout the day when a break was required. At one point Connor pointed out a herd of deer in a clearing as they grazed along the mountain side, being oblivious to being watched.
As the four of them were returning to camp Kara knelt down, studying the ground. “Brother. Take a look at this!”
They all stopped and walked over to see what Kara spotted. There was an impression in the dirt that had four forward pads and one bigger one that was just behind the four. Plus, there were sharp claw indentations in the dirt. “What did you find Kara?” Mark asked curiously.
“I think it’s a pack if wild dogs.” She said standing up.
“Let me take a closer look.” Connor said, kneeling and Kara backed away. He brushed some dead leaves away and walked over to another spot to look at. He stood and walked back to but he looked at her. “Close, but they aren’t wild dogs. These tracks are from Timber wolves.”
“Are we in any danger from them?” Mark asked.
“No. Wolves are afraid of humans. Normally you will never see them unless they wanted you to.”
Sarah asked “How many are in this pack?”
He scratched his head. “It is a large pack with about seven members.”
“There must be a lot of game in this area.” Kara put in.
“Not necessarily.” Sarah said and Kara and Mark looked at her, Connor smiled. “Timber wolves can have about five hundred miles of territory. With a pack of their size I would imagine that they have a large hunting region.”
Mark and Kara looked at each other and then to Connor. “Hold old are these tracks, Buddy?”
Connor wore his knowing and testing smile as he said to Mark “You’re old enough to know that they are at least three days old.” Mark’s face became a stone mask, but his eyes went wide yet he remained quiet. “What worries me is that they were either running after something or trying to flee. The spacing between the front and back legs tells they were in a hurry. Since we have only seen one trail, I expect that they were just passing through. I think we are in the clear.”
That was enough reassurance for everyone.

They returned to camp just before dark and Connor brought the embers back to life quickly, with the aid of his power over fire. He looked up with innocent eyes. “What? All I did was give it a little push.” And she couldn’t help but smile.
Since it was a warm day all of their clothes were caked with dirt and sweat. After everyone washed up and changed clothes Mark cooked dinner.
After the meal Sarah sat down next to Connor as Kara did with Mark. When darkness took over the sky Sarah noticed that the clouds were rolling in and blocking the moonlight, making it eerily dark. Connor added more firewood and made the fire larger, illuminating more of the campsite and it also kept the mountain’s chill away.
They all sat in silence, watching and listening to the crackle of the fire and the night time noises of nocturnal creatures. Sarah happened to look up to see Mark watching Connor with his silver eyes, intently and showing no emotion. She looked up and saw that Connor was watching as intently with his predatory hazel eyes zeroed in on his target, but he had a small, knowing smile at the corner of his mouth. Had something happened?
“Connor, what is it? Are the two of you having a fight? ... Why are you two having a staring match?” She thought to him.
Connor looked down at her and his expression softened. “No real reason, Princess. There isn’t anything to worry about.”
She wanted to know more so she pushed deeper into his mind and hit a solid wall that he erected of her green eyes as he felt the intrusion. Sarah felt her forehead frown. “Connor, what are you hiding from me?”
“I’ve just figured a few things out and it’s not my place to reveal this secret to anyone. I’m sorry Princess, but it’s not my place.”
Sarah laid her head back down on his muscled arm. “That’s alright. It’s a part of why I love you. Even if it annoys me thoroughly when you keep secrets from me; I understand.”
“I love you.” He thought while wrapping his arm around her back. She moved her head from his arm to his ribs.
A few minutes later a thick, dry branch went SNAP and some dead leaves were crunching. Something approached.
Connor and Mark simultaneously jump up instantly, hearing the noise. Sarah felt the breeze left behind as Connor stood using his Balancers speed and Mark moved just as quickly somehow. Connor went into his battle stance holding Tool tightly in his right hand. Mark too was slightly bent forward and instead of his fists being closed his fingers were spread and hooked like the talons of a raptor. They stood shoulder to shoulder as they looked into the darkness.
Kara became alert not long after and grabbed her silver longbow and had an arrow already notched. She stood quietly and had three fingers on the string and had her other hand holding the bow. Her arrow stayed pointed to the ground as Sarah stood up and walked silently around the fire to stand next to Kara. Even though she had a longbow Sarah knew out of the four of them she was the weakest.
She said barely at a whisper “Brother. What is it?”
“I don’t know, but I have a bad feeling in my gut.” His voice became slightly louder. “Sarah, keep Kara covered.”
“I’m already on it!” She said and Kara jumped in shock to see just how close she already was. Sarah stood less than a foot away from her.
“Sarah?” He said.
“What is it?” She said hearing his worried tone.
“My eyes are not adjusted to see in this darkness and I need to see. I was staring at the fire directly and for too long.”
She pushed telepathically “Sonar?”
“Yes. I need to do it!” He said in an even voice.
She knew he wouldn’t do it in front of someone else unless there wasn’t any other choice. “I understand. We will deal with the consequences later.”
Connor stood erect and Sarah felt the strange sense of him gathering energy. Suddenly she could feel the rapid pulses emanating from him. Mark remained still in his fighting stance, but he glanced at Connor; his eyes went wide and his jaw dropped, and just as quickly he looked away and went back to being on alert. Mark now looked like he was smelling the air.
Connor turned his head from side to side in a sweeping pattern.
Sarah heard Kara draw a loud and quick breath as she saw what Connor was capable of. Connor’s black shadowy figure was contrasted by his eyes glowing brightly in the night. She said speechlessly “Brother… You’re eyes…”
“Kara. Be quiet.” She turned her head to look at Sarah as she spoke softly. “It will be alright. Trust your brother.” She turned her speechless eyes back to Connor.
“What do you see, Buddy?” Mark asked evenly as he was still on alert. His calm demeanor looked twin to Connor’s
A moment later Connor crouched back down in his fighting stance and Sarah continued to feel his sonar pulses. “Crap! Sarah, you and Kara back away slowly and get out of here.” He said in an even tone, but he was dead serious. And through the bond she felt his rage surfacing again.
“What is it, Buddy?” Mark still didn’t budge as he asked again.
“It’s the biggest Grizzly Bear I have ever seen.”
SNAP and they heard the dry grass and sticks crunch under heavy feet again. Sarah instantly grabbed Kara’s arm. “Let’s leave this to them.”
“But?” She was completely scared.
“Kara. Listen to me. Connor can take care of a bear.” Sarah looked directly at her. “He is more powerful than you will ever know.”
Sarah had to use her inhuman strength to pick Kara up and throw her over her shoulder. She dropped the bow as Sarah ran into the tree line and stopped. The two of them hid behind an oak tree to watch the coming battle.

***

As Connor used his sonar to see everything around him he noticed that Sarah did as he asked and ran out of the way of danger. Connor dropped Tool on the ground knowing that all it would do is anger the bear even more.
Mark, at his side said jokingly “Cool eyes. Do you shoot laser beams out of them too?”
“Drop the act Mark, I know what you are.” Connor said staring directly at the bear that stood over one hundred feet away as it continued to slowly stalk toward them. Connor saw everything inside and outside the bear, even if this vision is shown in only black and white.
“Well then what am I?” He asked playfully, staring at the same target too.
“You’re a Changer.” Connor said flatly.
“What gave me away?” He admitted in the same tone.
“Mark, we can discuss it later. Right now I need to know if you can keep that Grizzly occupied for fifteen seconds.”
“I don’t see why not, but can’t we get rid of it another way?” His tone became dangerous.
“They are an endangered species in these parts so we don’t have the right to kill him. He won’t be able to kill us, but he cannot stay here. We need him to fear humans… We probably could lure him away if we had food, but the food is hanging and packed away. That’s not the worst part.” Connor said, trying to focus his mind.
“It gets worse?” Mark grinned.
“Yeah… It’s mating season and we are in his territory. I wouldn’t doubt it if he was the one who drove that wolf pack away.”
“Well then we better show him that he’s not at the top of the food chain.” He crouched down even more.
“Nicely said, Bud.”
While using sonar to see the bear that was now within seventy feet Connor saw Mark show his ability as a Changer as he kicked his shoes off.
Bones began snapping all over his body, making a sickening and audible sound. Using sonar Connor actually saw the small fractures happening inside his friend’s body and watched as his organs were rearranging inside his mass. For each fracture he created they healed and grew back instantaneously to alter his physiology. His rounded ears grew out slightly longer and came out to a point. The bones in his face fractured and began to change shape. His jaw and nose grew into the muzzle of a wolf and his canines began to elongate and sharpen. His canines looked like they were filed to a needlelike point like a fighting dog. His length of his fingers didn’t change much, but his fingernails grew, thickened and curved. They were sharpened to a point, becoming deadly claws. His toenails also grew and became claws themselves.
All of the hair over his body began growing, thickening into fur and strangely began fusing together. Connor recognized that he made his hair became a thin and flexible armor. The short spiky hair on top of his head grew into a long mane which also became a shield for the back of his neck. The bones that fractured in his legs made his legs longer as they re-fused. The sternum of his ribcage cracked loudly and bowed out to a point; instead of having a flat chest he now had a barreled chest to allow more air to fill his lungs. The last shocker came when he even grew a long tail out from the back of his pants.
Mark dropped the front of his body to the ground to now stand on all fours. He lowered his chest and head as low to the ground as possible. His tail was straight and level with his body. His rump stood higher than his head and the muscles under his furry armor bunched up and looked ready to explode.
It was the stance of a charging predator before spooking its prey.
Sonar showed every one of his details inside and out. A name for what Mark now looked like popped into Connor’s head ‘Werewolf.’ He assumed that the myth originated from Changers.
In a deep rumbling voice Mark said from his stance “Fifteen seconds right?”
“That will be all I’ll need. You will need to flee when it’s time!” The massive bear had stopped and looked at them from hearing the sounds created from Mark’s shift. This was the only chance they could get.
“Well I’m putting my life in your hands.” His muscles bunched even more.
“As is mine.” Connor said.
Time to begin.
The massive Grizzly bear roared loud enough to shake their core. It was a hungry and angered sound. Connor watched its shoulder muscles tense as it prepared for its charge. But it wasn’t nearly quick enough for what came next.
All of Mark’s muscles propelled him instantly at the oversized bear. Mark traveled so fast that when he shoulder tackled the massive bear he literally pushed the its massive body back a good twenty feet. Connor knew as a fact that Mark’s speed could only be seen by abilities as a Balancer and the impact itself that was just inflicted on the bear could easily have killed a normal human.
At the same time Mark entered the fray Connor raised both of his hands and gathered a large quantity of energy from within. He stopped using sonar and focused on the campfire to his back and all of the heat that was saturating the surrounding area. As the blaze quickly accumulated above his palms, the fire’s light illuminated the battle scene.
The Grizzly managed to get back on all of its legs. It was brown with high humped shoulders layered in muscle. Its muzzle was open, exposing its menacing teeth as it roared. Each of its claws was at least as long and as thick Conner’s fingers. He could tell that it was fully grown and if it stood would be well over twelve feet tall and judging from its bulk would be well over eight hundred pounds plus.
Five seconds later Connor spotted Mark’s black wolf-like form circling around the bear slowly, snarling back. And since he wasn’t using sonar he saw that his friend’s pupils were glowing a bright white. When Sarah used her sonar the entirety of her eyes glowed, but it was only Mark’s pupils that glowed on him.
As the Grizzly roared again, following the lights created from Mark’s eyes, it dropped its front legs and it charged at him. At the last moment of the bear’s charge, Mark jumped up and spun in the air. He landed on the bear’s back like a trained acrobat. Mark viciously dug his deadly clawed fingers into the shoulder muscles of the bear. Mark opened his massive jaws and sunk his teeth into the back of the bear’s neck as it roared out in excruciating pain and rage.
Above Connor’s hands now blazed a six foot tall sphere of fire that illuminated every inch of the clearing. Mark bought the time he needed. He yelled at the top of his lungs. “MARK! RUN!!!!” As Connor roared he threw the hulking fireball.
Connor saw simultaneously that Mark launched himself off the back of the flailing bear with lightning swiftness into the darkness of the trees while the confused bear saw what is heading directly at it.
It froze in fear.
Connor focused more of his power to change the form and shape of the fire into a crescent shield as it landed into a roaring inferno cage. He changed the shape of the fire to scare the bear away and it worked. When the bear unfroze it had only one way to go; backwards.
Mark ran towards his friend, swiftly and on all fours, coming to a spinning stop right next to his side. As his breathing slowed he pushed himself with his arms into a standing position. He now stood as tall as Connor. He looked at him with his glowing eyes and Connor noticed that even his pupils had changed. Normally pupils are circular, but right now his are slit like that of a feline. In his deep animalistic voice he said “Make sure it isn’t coming back!”
He used his pulsating sonar and surveyed the entire area in a two hundred meter radius and spotted the Grizzly fleeing for its life. “It’s running away as quickly as it can.” He announced, stopping the sonar.
He let out a deep steaming breath from between his teeth. He turned those glowing silver eyes to Connor. “How long have you known I was a Changer, Buddy?
Connor balled up his fist and held it out like old times. Mark’s muzzle pulled back, exposing a line of razor sharp teeth, that were coated with the bear’s blood, and knew he was smiling. He balled up his claws into a fist and punched them gently together. They were brothers in arms.
He had no choice but to laugh, now that the tension was easing. Mark joined in, laughing as well, but it was more of a deep rumbling bark. When he did laugh Connor saw that his muzzle and teeth were stained redder than the first glance. Looking down he saw that the clawed hands were also covered in blood. He also noticed that the silver shirt was shredded in pieces and Mark’s pants were relatively unscathed except from where his tail ripped through the backside.
Connor took off his shirt and handed it over to him. “You need to clean off the blood from your muzzle and claws. Unless you want Kara to think you’re injured. That is the last thing we need to listen to.”
Mark lifted his claws and saw the blood soaked hand. He sniffed his hands and his nose wrinkled. “Thanks, Buddy.” He took the shirt gratefully and meticulously cleaned his muzzle and hands.
“Connor, are the two of you safe?” Sarah pushed into his mind, sounding and feeling frantic. “I can only see two dark figures in front of the fire.”
He looked in their direction and then back to his furry friend. “The girls are worried about us. Sarah wants to know if it is safe for the two of them to come over here.”
“In this form my hearing is five hundred times more acute than any human’s or Balancer’s and I didn’t hear anyone say anything.” His ears twitched back and forth listening for something.
“She just mentally contacted me.” Connor said in his defense.
“If Sarah’s your mate, I know that you can’t hear her thoughts.” He tossed the bloody shirt down behind him.
“Listen we are something new and different from any Balancer you have ever encountered before, but I guarantee that Sarah just telepathically contacted me.” Mark looked at him with a puzzled expression. Connor had to think quickly. “Mark, do you want the girls to see you like this?”
He made a deep rumbling sigh. He scratched his head with his claws as he looked at the ground. “Well if she takes this form as well as you did, I can’t see why not?” He looked up with sad eyes. “But if sh…”
Using his advanced speed, and his right hand, Connor clamped Mark’s furry mouth shut. His silver eyes went wide with surprise. Connor stepped closer and looked him directly in the eyes. “Listen to me.” Both of his ears turned to the front, aimed in his direction. “You let me break her in before she sees you. Knowing my sister the only thing that might freak her out would be if you keep your eyes glowing. Turn off those night lights. Ok, Bud.” He released Mark’s muzzle.
He rubbed it with his clawed fingers. “That really hurt.” He turned off the lights in his eyes as requested.
“Sorry about that. I’m still learning about this new world of mine.”
He patted Connor’s back and felt the dangerously sharp claws on his unprotected shoulder. “I understand what It’s like somewhat.” He looked to the left and pointed with his clawed thumb. “I think you had better take care of that before we have a forest fire on our hands.”
“I forgot. Thanks.” Connor called the fire element and pulled every ember of the fire away and made a massive fireball again above his head.
“Show off.” Mark said under his breath as Connor restarted the campfire again. Connor dispersed the rest of the blaze into a harmless heat, until everything dissipated safely.
“I think you should stand behind me, in my shadow ok.” His large head nodded. Connor yelled loud enough for the girls to hear. “It’s safe you can both come back, the bear is gone! But come slowly!”
Mark’s hot breath on the back of his neck felt unsettling. Lucky it was dark and his fur color is black as well or this wouldn’t be able to work.
The girls slowly walked into the light of the campfire while both having a look of disbelief and fear on their faces. Sarah tried to run up to him to see if he was ok, but Connor held a hand up for her to stay where she is. She stopped, but with great reluctance.
Kara fired her first barrage of questions. “Brother, are you and Mark ok?”
“We didn’t even get scratched.” Mark’s breathing sped up.
“Why did your eyes glow? How did you do that with the fire?” Her chocolate brown eyes were intense.
“Short answer: I’m a Balancer. I will tell you more, bu…” He couldn’t finish the sentence before she fired another question.
“Where’s Mark? I don’t see him anywhere?” Her dark eyes were fixed on him. When she gets that look in her eyes she bounces from one subject to the next.
“Kara, will you Shut Up!” Connor sternly yelled and it worked. Kara put her hands on her hips and tapped her foot impatiently. He glanced at Sarah who shifted her weight uncomfortably. This time he spoke softer and clearer “Listen to me. Mark wants to show you a secret of his that he has hidden for a very long time. I just recently discovered it myself not too long ago. He is dangerous I will admit it, but he fought the bear off ok.”
“Oh no…” Her face went white and her hands came up to her mouth to muffle a cry. Mark held his breath.
“I told you he is fine. What he is about to show you will probably scare you, but he doesn’t want to hide his secret from you any longer.”
Kara took a few slow deep breaths. “Ok I’m ready. Where is he?”
“Right here.” Mark said quietly in his deep rumbling voice that didn’t sound the same in his human one. “Thanks Buddy. I will take it from here.” Connor felt him put a hand on his bare shoulder. Both Sarah and Kara’s eyes zeroed in on his black clawed hand.
Connor moved to the side and Mark stepped into the firelight, slowly. His large head was held high as he faced the girl he loved and he showed her what he really is. The flames danced off his soft, glistening fur and his eyes looked directly at her. So he can fuse and soften his fur?
Sarah looked over at him with wide eyes and then turned to her mate. “He’s a Changer.”
“Thank you Mrs. Obvious.” Mark looked at her and then back down to Kara as he was now as tall as her brother.
Sarah walked over to Connor walking past Mark, without another glance. She wrapped her arm around his and together they watched what would happen. “Was this what you were hiding from me?”
“Yes.” And she squeezed his arm tightly.
Kara stood motionless, but her eyes rapidly categorized everything about the creature that stood before her. Two minutes later after they stared at each other, Kara did something unexpected. She slowly walked right up to him.
She looked up at him and smiled, but her actions said otherwise. With all of the force she could generate, she slapped him hard across his face. The sound alone reverberated through Connor’s breast even more painfully than the Grizzly’s roar. His head barely moved an inch, but his eyes went wide. “What was that for?” He rubbed the side of his face after his shock wore off, but the slap caused little pain.
“Did she just?” Sarah’s thoughts were almost speechless.
“I saw it too.”
She snapped her fingers and commanded “SIT BOY!” And to Connor’s utter astonishment Mark sat down unintentionally, on his haunches like an obedient dog. “Why didn’t you tell me about this sooner? I was afraid that you didn’t really like me.” She crouched down and tackled Mark to the ground by the throat. As his bulky head stared up, wide eyed at the night sky, Kara sat upon his furry chest. She pointed directly at his nose. “I hate secrets, you idiot!”
Kara stood up and so did Mark soon after. She took a few steps back and she picked up her dropped longbow. She threw it by the log she and Mark sat on. Kara turned around quickly and pointed to each of us in turn. “The three of you are going to tell me what’s really going on around here! No more keeping secrets from me!” She commanded.
“Can you ask an easier question?” Mark rumbled and exaggerated with his clawed hands.
She stared for a long moment and finally asked “Ok how about the three of you tell me what Balancer’s and Changer’s are?”





Join Connor, Sarah and the rest of their family in the next adventure:

Changer’s Blood


Be sure to read other books by this author:

Balancer’s Cycle
Balancer’s Soul
Changer’s Blood
Keeper’s Knowledge
Harmonizer’s Evolution

The Item Trilogy
Untamed Gift
Furion’s Trials
Ra’van

Death Incarnate Saga 
The Grin of Prophecy
Familiar’s Ancient Throne
Laugh of Destruction
Ascension of the Warlock
Empress’s Endgame

Spirit Guide Saga (Coming Fall of 2014)
Forgemaster
Wrath of Flames
Atavism of the Ifrit

Star Pirate Legends (Coming Fall of 2015)

The Fey Files (Coming Fall of 2016)

Harsh Realms (Coming Fall on 2017)





Contact me:
http://facebook.com/h.leemorgan
