

Balance - Book 2
By Marc Dickason
Copyright 2015 by Marc Dickason
Smashwords Edition

Connect with the author:
Facebook
marcodickason@gmail.com
Visit the official Balance – The Series website
http://balance-book.weebly.com/






Balance
Book 2

PROLOGUE


My mother was leaning over me, the meat cleaver in her hands.
“Mommy loves you,” she said.
“I love you too mommy,” I replied.
But already the blade was descending towards my wrist, cold razor edge glowing in the florescent light of the Sushi Palace.
‘Strange,’ I thought, ‘doesn’t she realise that’s sharp? Doesn’t she realise it will cut me? This is just some kind of joke. She wouldn’t…’
Skin split and parted, releasing a burst of blood ten clear inches across the table. Pink wetness was revealed beneath. My mother pushed; the blade sank deeper. 
‘Stop!’ I wanted to cry out, ‘Stop it! You’ll kill me! You’ll kill me if you do that!’
But I could only watch, horrified, as blood first pooled, then began to disperse into the white tablecloth. Panic exploded; I tried desperately to withdraw the arm, body tensing in effort and muscles tightening into ropes, but it stubbornly refused to obey.
“Mother loves you,” she said again.
It was not Liza Clarence speaking, it was someone else. And I was not in the Sushi Palace as first thought; it was a penthouse, top floor of The Marlon. The table before me was laid out with playing cards and gambling chips.
“Mother loves you,” Conrad said, smiling, “Mother loves a winner, Jet.”
“How are you here?” I gasped, “You’re dead! I killed you!”
Panic spilled over into horror and I felt my Spirit crackle into life. Blue sparks blossomed in the air, dancing and popping eagerly, swirling as they fell into a slow orbit about my body. I called it and there was a shimmering as it moved to obey, gathering in the space before my eyes.
“Get away from me!” I heard myself yelling.
“Take it,” he replied, pushing the gambling chips towards me, “We both know you’re going to win. You’re cheating.” 
He chuckled then pivoted up on his toes to angle more weight on the meat cleaver. The blade pushed through to the bone.
I screamed and released the Spirit. In response his face smashed flat, blood squirting from both nostrils as cartilage and cheek bones shattered. His head snapped back far enough I could have sworn the back of the skull struck the area between his shoulder blades. Then a limp body hit the wooden floor with a thud.
Silence. For a long time I stared, my mind telling me I had just committed murder, had taken a life and left an empty place in the world where a person should be. But, strangely, this knowledge did not register. I wasn’t sorry. I wasn’t sorry because…
“He deserved it,” a voice said.
I looked to my right and saw Brent Kingston, cheek pressed against the surface of a table adjacent to mine. A black bullet wound in his face leaked blood.
“They deserved it,” he said, eyes pleading.
“He didn’t deserve that,” I breathed, “He was just a boy. An arrogant, cocky boy. I didn’t mean to kill him, we just wanted the money. Your life depended on it, Brent.”
“Then help me,” he urged, “Please help me.”
I tried to stand, again feeling the muscles in my body contract. But I could not.
“I want to, Brent. But I can’t. I can’t move. You didn’t deserve that.”
He closed his eyes. Tears leaked over his nose. “Don’t let me die.” 
I heard a shuffle behind me and looked round. A figure was crouched at the far end of the penthouse. Only, it was not a penthouse, but a small filthy room in Valhalla Hotel. On the wall a heart shaped florescent light glowed pink.
“They deserved it,” the figure said.
It was doing something; ripping with clawed hands at a ragged pile and wrenching out chunks of something wet. After a moment my eyes adjusted and I realised the ragged pile was a man. Heavyset loan shark, the man I had branded “Pout.” His skin was pale and eyes glazed.
“Stop that,” I said to the crouched figure, “Leave that man alone.”
A face turned to me. Red eyes in a blue face.
“They deserved it,” the demon said, plunging its fingers into Pout’s wobbling chest and grasping his heart.
“Leave that man alone!” I roared, “Leave him alone, you monster! Leave him alone!”
“Did I deserve it?” a new voice asked, thick Spanish accent dripping from every syllable.
I turned. Selena was watching me; body slouched in a wheelchair and eyes glazed. Her raven hair was a mess of cobwebs.
“Oh God, Selena,” I moaned, “What have they done to you?”
“What have you done to me,” she corrected.
“I didn’t mean for it to happen. It wasn’t my doing; they needed someone to take the blame and you were just too obvious a choice. If it could’ve been someone else…”
A figure appeared behind her, easing into existence and gaining substance from background patterns. The Gloria-demon. It reached down with one gnarled hand and stroked Selena’s cheek.
“Mommy loves you,” it said to her, “Mommy loves you.”
“Leave her alone!” I roared, “Leave her alone…!”
“All of you leave me alone!”
My body was rigid, teeth clenched so tight my gums ached. Above me rectangles of moonlight painted the ceiling. 
“Oh Christ, oh Jesus,” I heard myself moan. 
Tears squeezed passed my clamped eyelids and trickled onto the bed. I opened them and regretted it. Faces were looming at me; images seared into my brain like burning photographs. I attempted to dispel them; they refused to be forgotten.
It was only then I registered the air was alive with dancing blue sparks, popping and crackling angrily as they orbited the bed. I closed my eyes again and sucked in deep breaths, grappling for my Place of Calm. But it would not be locked down. There was a fist of red hot coal in my stomach, floating in a pocket of flames that screamed and scorched.
“Not long now,” I told the flames, “Not long now. I’ll find her. I’ll find mother.”
The flames simmered and flickered; around me the sparks sizzled in the air and extinguished. Internal rivers of Spirit shifted, drawing in, redirecting.
“Not long now. I’ll find her. I’ll find her.”
 The faces of Brent Kingston, Pout the loan shark, young Conrad, and Selena Stephania faded. Relief.
Time passed. I stared at the ceiling and listened to the sounds of a dozing city beyond my window. A car drifted by, somewhere else a siren declared that one or another law enforcement service were on the job. At some point I realised one of my hands had started massaging the wrist of the other, kneading at the scar without instruction. I stopped and tucked my hands under the pillow.
 After an hour the TV came on in living room next door, indicating Benny was likewise unable to sleep. He had heard me, I knew.  My nightmare induced screaming and moaning. But he would not ask about it, and I would not tell him. 
 I considered going to join watching whatever garbage happened to be on late night TV, but knew I should try getting back to sleep, that I had Academy lessons the next day and needed to be on top form. But one image residue remained in my head. Liza Clarence. Mother. 
Part of me said I would never find her, that the world was enormous enough to swallow a person even without the magical abilities she possessed. Hell, doing what she could, and being the person she was, thinking I might locate her was a childish notion. 
But no, another part of me insisted, she hadn’t gone far; my mother had been part of some something big that she would not, or could not, abandon. There must be threads that could be discovered, trails that could be uncovered and followed. Anyone could be found if you asked the right questions and knew the right people to squeeze. It was just a matter of having time, and having the right resources…


CHAPTER 1

She knew what would be there, even before her trembling hand reached out and drew back the curtain.
‘Don’t do it,’ I wanted to say, ‘We both know what’s there, just don’t open the damn curtain and it will go away. Alright?’
But I didn’t say it; rules and regulations. Instead all I could do was watch as with bulging eyes and trembling hand she tore aside the curtains, revealing the view out onto the front garden. And, twenty meters away, past the wooden picket fence; that god damned black horse. Its body shone in the moonlight and mane lay flat across its neck. 
It looked like a black horse. More then a dozen times I had witnessed similar scenes, and on every occasion the creature had made the hairs on the back of my neck tingle. Its nature was completely absent of horse-like characteristics; no whinnying, no tail flicking, no twitching ears. And it stood rigid to the point it could be mistook for a statue, with only heaving flanks betraying the illusion.
But it was the eyes that froze my blood. Like two smooth pale stones, too alert and calculating for an animal, never blinking and never straying from the girl. My brain screamed.
And the girl had a similar reaction. She backed away with knuckles pressed against mouth. A muffled squawk escaped her.
“Oh God, oh God,” she muttered, thrusting the curtains closed, “Oh God, why won’t it go away? Please go away, please go away.”
But her eyes were already darting to the curtains on the opposite side of the room.
‘Yes, it will be there,’ I wanted to say, ‘Just don’t open the curtains. Don’t look, ignore it.’
Slowly, head shaking and breath hissing between teeth, she staggered to the rear curtains and ripped them open. The black horse looked at her, head framed by the window and white eyes unblinking. 
And then the screaming started. Her mouth popped open and she wailed a piercing shriek so unchained it made me flinch every time. An expression of terror, so raw it trumped every horror movie in history, stamped itself on her face and would not depart till the scene concluded.
“Oh God! Go away! Go Away!”
She turned and lunged for the corridor. And now the voice made its appearance. A little late this time, the hissing, whispering voice, and vaguer then it had been previously, sounding more like the static of a dead radio frequency on this occasion. 
She stumbling, sending a decorative table crashing, but regained her footing and tore up the narrow corridor. I moved to follow; watching as she rounded a corner and flew into the bathroom, slamming the door in my face. I eased through it to again bear witness to the inevitable conclusion.
The voice was starting to clarify. She cringed away from it, huddling her trembling body beside the toilet and drawing up both knees. 
‘…mommy doesn’t want to ride baby… mommy doesn’t want to ride…’
“Oh God go away!” she shrieked, hands clamping over ears, “Go away leave me alone! Leave me alone!”
And then; the first clomp of hoof on tiled floor, from beyond the bathroom door. Her face froze in a mask of dread.
Clop.
Another one.
Clop. Clop.
The sound was drawing nearer, advancing across the living room.
Clop. Clop. Clop.
Her eyes widened with each hoof beat, mouth gaping so wide it took on the appearance of a wet tomb. 
Clop. Clop. Clop. Clop.
Just beyond the door now. She gaped, eyes locked on the door handle. Above us the yellow bulb flickered and grew dimmer.
There was pause, then the handle turned and door swung open. Behind it the black horse was waiting. White eyes in a coal black face. Her piercing screech nearly drowned out the voice. But not quite.
 ‘…mommy doesn’t want to ride baby… mommy doesn’t want to ride…’
“Alright, Clarence?” my examiner, Gibson, asked, “Bit of a rough one?’
I blinked, trying to dispel the images. “It’s always a bit rough frankly, sir.”
“Yes, indeed,” he chuckled, “Ready to proceed?”
It should have been a relief to be back in reality, but the enormous hall was only marginally less disturbing then the horror in the girl’s head. My heart settled and I nodded. 
“I’m ready, sir. Go ahead.”
“Excellent.” He adjusted his bifocals and referred to the clipboard. “What animal is the demon of Judy Carlson?”
“A horse.”
A mark was made on the clipboard. “And what colour was the animal?”
“Black.”
Another mark made.
Just then Judy lurched on the bed beside me. I jumped, eyes fixing on her and heart cranking back up into overdrive. In my head the warning buzz sounded.
“Sir..?”
“What is it, Clarence?”
 Her body went rigid and jaw clenched, contracting muscles in her neck stood out like rope. And, dumping a bucket of ice water down into my loins, her eyes sprang open. I was sure she would scream, and even braced in anticipation. But no sounds emerged. Instead, sightless eyes stared at the ceiling, her cavernous mouth opened and closed a few times, like a fish breathing air, then she was limp again.
“Oh my God,” I breathed, “Sir…”
“What is it, Clarence?” Gibson repeated, looking up.
“The girl…”
He glanced at her. “She moved?”
My head flapped up and down. But already the warning buzz was fading.
“A bit startling isn’t it?” he said, smiling. But “reassured” was the last thing I felt. “Don’t be alarmed, Clarence. It happens from time to time after a session. Nearly jumped out of my shorts the first time I saw it.”
“That’s normal?”
“Yes, it happens. But I assure you she is in no physical pain.” His eyes hardened. “You didn’t interact with the projections, did you?”
“No sir.”
“Good. And that also happens to be the next question, so I’ll just put a tick here.” He paused and studied me, pen poised above clipboard. “You’re a little shaken, Clarence, aren’t you?”
“A bit, sir.”
 “Yes I can see that. Why don’t we call it a day?”
“Alright. Thank you, sir.”
He put the clipboard aside and his bushy grey eyebrows merged. “Look Clarence, I know it can all be a bit troubling, but do try to understand the circumstances. Nobody likes what goes on in here, it’s just necessary. And somebody has to do it. Understand?”
“I guess so, sir.”
“If I can be honest I really rather hoped you would specialise with us. You are a true natural, there is no question. And we do so need you. But then other Heads of Department have said likewise, I assume?”
“Some have, sir.”
“Indeed. Well, don’t let me keep you, Clarence. Another excellent performance. Well done.”
As I exited the hall, my hollow footsteps clicking on tiled floor, I recognised what I had just seen as among the most disturbing situations of my life. I had no idea who Judy Carlson was. Or, rather, who she had been. But the living nightmare that was her life clutched at my heart with such bottomless horror I would certainly never forget her face. 
Then again, I thought as I weaved between the beds, perhaps it was not her that was the most troubling thing I had ever witnessed, but the entire Godforsaken hall. Its row upon row of beds would put anybody at disquiet. A hundred of them, stretching off to the hall’s extremities. More?
“Hello, Clarence,” a nurse said, pausing in her task of administering drugs, “Another good evaluation?”
“Yes,” I replied, attempting to return the smile and failing.
I had thought after the first visit it would get easier, that I would find the environment more bearable. On the contrary, it had been getting harder with every visit. 
And it was not the first time I had felt a bit shaken. Twice during recent visits I had had to fight off a creeping sensation that the terrible hall was somehow alive.
‘Nerves,’ I told myself, ‘Just a few more weeks and you’re done.’ 
But if I had bothered to stop and talk to the nurse, she might have told me that a peculiar thing had been happening in the hall. Judy Carlson was not the only restless sleeper.

*****

As I sat in Defence and Countermeasures Room 4, awaiting my trainer, I reflected on how smugly pleased I had been with my revelation of becoming an Enforcer. I had envisioned myself kicking in the Academy doors, blowing minds with my immense Spirit capability, smashing evaluations with deft swipes of my hand, and exiting the rear doors in a shiny uniform, having not broken my stride. And then, I told myself, with the full legal force of the government at my back, tracking down my mother would be child’s play.
As I thought back on this now, ass slowly losing sensation against a torturously uncomfortable wooden chair, it baffled me I had not taken into account the lethargic operating speed which was every Department of Magic’s M.O. The Academy was no different. It seemed to be staffed entirely, from enrolment desk to administration offices, by bored middle-aged men and women each more disinterested than the next, and each looking as if they were bitterly annoyed at being distracted from insect collecting hobbies. 
“You’re looking for enrolment forms B17 and G5? Very well, please take a seat while I fell this tree, reduce it to pulp, produce paper, and print said forms. Won’t be a moment.” 
And all the while the brave men and women who had entered the doors bright eyed and bushy tailed, bursting with youthful ambition, were sapped of strength and reduced to husks. In an effort to prepare them for the bureaucracy of government employment, I guessed.
I sighed and looked around at the other seated Cadets, all appearing seconds from boredom induced suicide. A young man, probably having introduced himself at some point and name now forgotten, caught my eye and shrugged in a “can you believe this?” gesture. As if my legs joining my ass in the numb department were not enough. Basics evaluations were breathing down our necks, and the particular trainer’s reputation for tardiness had begun to sting.
Finally the door opened and the Defence and Countermeasures trainer, Mister Delaney, stepped in; a tall, broad shouldered man in his forties. The female Cadets seemed to like him, though certainly not for his teaching professionalism.
 “Forgive my tardiness,” he announced, stepping into the room and taking up position before the Cadets, “There were pressing matters to attend to. I had much planned for today, but alas time runs short and we will be forced to settle with the condensed version. I will talk today about maintaining a Place of Calm under pressure.”
The Cadet who had shrugged muttered audibly. Delaney’s head snapped round.
“Something you would like to say?” he inquired loudly, smiling.
“No, Mister Delaney,” the Cadet responded.
“Speak up. Don’t be shy.” 
“It’s just…” he began, glancing around for support, “I think I speak for everyone when I say we are anxious about our Basics, sir.”
“Of course. And so you should be. What is your concern?”
“Well we haven’t started on any aggressive technique studies yet, sir. It seems like we might have started learning practical application by now.” 
“I see,” Delaney responded, frowning for theatrical effect, “My pace is too slow then?” 
“It’s not that, sir…”
“Oh, I see. You are anxious to learn how to melt people’s minds. Is that it, Cadet?”
“I mean no disrespect, sir, it’s just that it really seems like we might have moved beyond defence techniques…”
Delaney turned to the class. “Does everyone agree with this?”
There were a few nods. 
“No, you are quite right, Cadets. A volunteer?”
No volunteers were forthcoming. His eyes settled on me. “Won’t you join me up front for a moment, Clarence?”
I blinked. “Beg your pardon, sir?”
“Don’t be shy, step up. Quickly now.”
There was a pause. Two dozen heads turned in my direction. I stood and advanced to the front of the hall. 
“Now, young man,” he continued, “Face me and take a few steps back.”
I did so.
“Excellent. If you would, please resist my attack.”
My heart was suddenly hammering and warning buzz sounding frantically. “But sir…”
“Yes, Mister Clarence?”
I wanted to say ‘I feel a bit put on the spot, this is highly unusual for this particular class’, but my mouth did not cooperate. Instead it said;
“Nothing, sir.”
Delaney’s mouth drew into a line and brow furrowed. In response I took a breath and found my Place of Calm.
I’m under the table, above me is the sound of dominoes clicking into place. I’m safe, absolutely and completely safe…
But no attack occurred. The moment drew on and Delaney continued to stare, eyes locked on my own. Eventually, after thirty seconds of silence, I assumed he was playing some kind of bizarre practical joke, perhaps waiting for me to smile awkwardly before bursting into laughter. I obliged and grinned. At once a sensation of vertigo rushed in. I reinforced my Place of Calm, attempting to push back a sensation the world was contracting in around me. But found my fingertips were itching incessantly.
‘God, what is that itching? Did I put my hands in something earlier?’
My mind began chugging for explanations, searching the day for items I had touched which might cause itching.
 The itching developed and turned into a burning, fast becoming painful, quickly becoming unbearable. Finally, panic taking hold, I raised my hands and realised my fingers were melting. I stared. Skin and flesh drooped like wax and trickled to the floor, exposing white bone beneath. Horror exploded in my head.
“Oh Christ!” I heard my voice roaring, “Oh shit!”
My body spun and I lunged for the door, having the intention of bolting to the bathroom and running water over my hands. This, I reasoned, would cool the flesh and stop it melting. But I couldn’t grasp the doorknob. My hands refused to close, having lost their function as tendons and muscles slid off, now hanging in pink ribbons that dangled to the floor.
“Help me! Someone help, open the damn door!”
Hands grasped my shoulders.
“Easy, Cadet! Easy now! Calm down!” Delaney was peering at me, face lined with concern. “Calm down, take a breath. Your hands are fine. See?”
I gawked at my hands. They were not melting.
 “You’re fine, you’re fine…”
Cool relief rolled in and I gasped in a breath, putting my back to the door and sinking to the ground. I realised my face was dripping sweat and wiped it away. 
The relief, however, quickly gave way to paralysing embarrassment. Two dozen faces were staring at me, each frozen in a mask of silent terror.
“This attack is what is referred to as Body Horror,” Delaney said to the room, “It has been outlawed, and for good reason. There are no circumstances in which an Enforcer will have to use it, but many occasions when you will have to defend against it.” He paused, letting his gaze move from face to face. “So you see, offensive techniques are not much good to an Enforcer who cannot yet efficiently defend himself. Would you not all agree?”
There was a murmur of cautious agreement.
“And hence, why we might all be a little less interested in aggression, and be more concerned with our defence. Class dismissed. Clarence, stay for a moment. I’d like a word.”
I stood and moved aside, watching the other Cadets file out. Many still wore expressions that said they’d just sat through a twenty four hour horror movie marathon. I waited till the last exited.
 “Yes, sir?”
“Shut the door please.”
I shut the door.
“I’m sorry about that, Cadet. Perhaps I was a bit over-enthusiastic. Are you alright?” There was a flicker of embarrassment in his eyes.
“I’m fine, sir.”
“Perhaps you’d like to visit the Mental Wellness Department?”
“I’m fine, sir, like I said.”
“Good.” There was a pause as he studied me. “You don’t belong in this class, do you Clarence?”
My heart lurched. “Beg your pardon, Sir?”
“I received a message earlier today from a ‘concerned citizen’, as it were. The message was rather plain. It said you do not belong in this class. Can you think of why it might say that, Cadet?”
“I couldn’t say, sir.”
He smiled and nodded at a paper on his desk. “I did a background check, of course. It says your mother is wanted for questioning concerning irregularities with a restaurant she was running; ‘The Sushi Palace.’ Correct?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Your grandmother, Fran, was an Enforcer. Suspended from duty. Also wanted for questioning.”
“Yes, sir.”
“I see. Well, you were cleared of any wrong doing, and it is not unusual for some Enforcers to have colourful backgrounds. Comes with the territory, some might say. So this did not strike me as interesting. What did strike my interest were your application forms. They clearly state, as is expected of an individual in the Accelerated Program, that you’re ‘a student of exceptional talent.’ But in your case rather astonishingly so, as it turns out.”
“That’s correct,” I responded, doing my best to hold eye contact.
“Indeed!” He raised his eyebrows theatrically. “And most profound is that you had not shown any magical talent or even magical abilities of any kind until just a few months before being accepted into the Academy. Astonishing! You’re a regular prodigy, aren’t you, Clarence?”
“I guess so, sir, yes,” I agreed.
“You guess? Come now. Don’t be modest. You’re a man of incredible talents. Your time spent at the Magical Hazard Rehabilitation Centre would confirm that without question.” He picked up the paper and made a show of being flabbergasted at its contents, “You spent hardly a month there before being cleared? Mind blowing, utterly mind blowing. And a Class 5? Cleared in under a month? One would almost say you flew through the program, one that is notorious for sometimes dragging out for over a year, and often not even clearing a person at all. All that, and a Class 5 to boot.”
“I performed well, yes sir.”
“So you did. And after your time at the Magical Hazard Rehabilitation centre…” The paper was slammed back down on the desk in an expression of boundless amazement, “…you went right on and destroyed the entrance exam into this Academy, achieving flying colours in every single category!”
“I did, sir, yes.”
“Amazing, Clarence,” he crooned, shaking his head, “Truly unbelievable. I would say you are the most promising Cadet I have ever encountered.” His eyes hardened. “Had I not just disabled you a moment ago with a spell Cadets boasting a quarter of your talent could easily resist.”
My mouth flapped, requesting an excuse from my brain. None was delivered. “I was nervous, sir.”
 He sighed, bringing down his voice. “The D.O.M is an organisation fuelled by pride and dedication, Clarence, rewarding hard work and exceptional talent where it is deserved. There is especially pride in the Accelerated Program. Cadets work extremely hard to get into it, and only the finest and most ambitious are lucky enough to be accepted. The majority of this class are already pegged for commanding Specialist positions at various Departments, and rightly so, since their skills are outstanding and sorely needed in the city. It is a crying shame, Clarence, that I occasionally hear about a Cadet that slips into the program by questionable means, generally as a way to take advantage of a prominent position. Undermines the pride aspect of the Academy, wouldn’t you say?”
“I would, sir.”
“Of course you would,” he muttered, drifting into silence.
“Is that all, Mister Delaney?” I said at last, my eyes rooted to the floor.
 “Yes, Clarence, that is all. And I think it only fair to mention that since you are of such exceptional talent I will be pushing you to your limits during your Basics evaluation.”
I had an image of standing before a board of evaluators shrieking at the sight of my melting hands. “Okay. Thank you, sir.”
“You’re welcome,” he replied, smiling. “But let’s not get ahead of ourselves. You have yet to even qualify for your Active status.”
“It’s tomorrow, sir.”
“Then I wait breathless with anticipation.”

*****

The Cadet’s lounge, located at the centre of the Academy, was the only facility where any attempt had been made to create a homey atmosphere. But since this was in the form of exhausted looking pot plants, plastic tables, and a jukebox so ashamed of its poor music selection it hid dejectedly in a corner, the place never did much business.
I entered and spotted Benny Kingston at the bar, currently engaged in intimate conversation with a sparkly eyed young redheaded cadet. The way in which she giggled told me his Junior Enforcer medals were once again working their dubious magic.
“Oh my God,” I muttered to myself, having a fondness for redheads and never approving of their traumatising.
Benny looked up at my approach and grinned at full Cheshire cat level, as he always did in the presence of a victim.
“Ah, Jet,” he said brightly, “Allow me to introduce Brenda.” 
He gestured to the redhead and she stood to curtsey.
“So you’re Jet Clarence,” she said, semi-fascinated.
“So I am,” I admitted, shaking her hand.
“I’ve heard rumours. True or false; you’re Class 5?”
“True.”
“What’s that like?”
“Overrated. Useful only as a conversation starter.”
“Ah. And humble,” she giggled, “Say, did you just come from Defence and Countermeasures? I heard Delaney made a guy piss his pants or something.”
My cheeks flushed. “There was no actual urine, but I’d say it was close. Demonstrating some Body Horror spell.”
“Body Horror. Wow, sounds crazy.”
“Ah, Delaney, I remember him,” Benny jumped in, “His disposition has not improved with age, then?”
“So it seems,” I muttered, shooting him a ‘we need to talk’ expression.
“I see. It seems young Jet here requires mentoring, Brenda.”
“Oh, I understand,” the girl said playfully, “I guess I can look the other direction and ignore blatant Academy favouritism.”
He laughed. “My favouritism is indiscriminate. A mentor without loyalties, you might say.” A number was scribbled on a napkin and handed to her. “Just let me know and I’ll come running.”
 “I might just do that,” she replied, folding the napkin and slipping it into a pocket. “Well, I’ll leave you boys to it. I have an appointment in the Self Deceit hall. Later.” 
He grinned, watching her exit with the pride of conquest.
“You’re an asshole,” I declared once she was beyond earshot.
“It won’t happen this time!’
“Not the girl!” I glanced around and lowered my voice, though the canteen was empty but for a small group of Cadets at a corner table. “You didn’t think it was a little excessive giving me straight distinctions on my entrance exam? Delaney pulled my application.” 
His eyes widened. “What?”
“He’s on to me, Benny.”
“Now hang on a second, buddy. First of all, I didn’t exactly get to specify the grades you’d be passing with. It was a little out of my hands.”
“Well your contact is an asshole, whoever he was.”
“And secondly, that was no small favour I called in, okay? The entrance exam was difficult, but getting you released from Hazard Rehabilitation was a nightmare. I’m very seriously in debt from that little sleight of hand.”
I sighed and raked fingers back through my hair. “My basics are a week and a half away and this shit happens.”
“Relax. It’s not time to hit the self destruct button. Why did he pull the application?”
“Someone tipped him off, apparently.”
“Who the hell would do that?”
I threw my hands up. “You’re asking me?!”
 “Look, it doesn’t matter, Jet. The paperwork is completely legal on the surface. He’d have to do some serious investigating to find real proof that warranted a full scale investigation. And any trainer doing a decent job in this Academy hardly has the time or energy.”
“I hope so. Either way, he’s going to thrash me in evaluations.”
“Delaney said that?”
“It was strongly implied.”
“Christ, what a vindictive son of a bitch.” He paused and frowned, drumming fingers on the bar counter. “Way I see it, Jet, by the time he can get an investigation of any kind off its feet, at least one that bears actual fruit, you’d be evaluated and probably half way to being a veteran Enforcer.”
“Fair point.”
 “So all you really have to do is not let him disable you in that evaluation. There’s not much I can suggest beyond that.”
“He had me believing my hands were melting five minute ago.”
“Body Horror. Yes, it’s ugly, but not different from defending against any other attack. Brush up on your technique. And, forgive me for saying so, you might as well consider this justified initiation into the Department Of Magic. Trust me when I say the average perpetrator on the street won’t be taking it easy on you.”
“Excellent. Thank you.”
“You’re qualifying for your Active status…?”
“Tomorrow.”
“Then focus on that. One thing at a time.”
We drifted into silence.
“You’re also an asshole for the girl,” I muttered.
“It won’t happen this time.”
“You know it will.”
“I’m telling you it won’t. I have it under control.”
“You do? Please tell.”
I looked around and spotted the barman strolling in from the bathroom. I caught his eye and I raised a finger.
“Well,” Benny replied curtly, extracting a pouch of tobacco from his blazer and proceeding with the cigarette rolling ritual, “I would go into the details of my love life, but you’ll just have to trust me I have it under control. We have a more pressing issue to discuss.”
“We do?” 
The barman placed a coffee in front of me. “Coffee for Mister Clarence, I believe.”
I took a sip and grimaced in agony.
“Sorry,” the barman said, “No good?’
“Perfect. Thank you.”
“It’s about Selena,” Benny continued as the barman drifted off.
My head snapped round. “What about Selena?”
“There was an incident with a person who fits her description at a hotel earlier today, other side of the city. The Enforcer dispatched to investigate was met with hostility. Badly injured, he’s getting patched up. It’s got the Department frothing at the mouth a little.”
I paused, thinking. 
“Mistaken identity,” I suggested hopefully, “I mean, not a glimpse of her and then she’s tearing up Enforcers across town? Doesn’t make sense, does it?”
“Not sure, couldn’t tell you what goes on in her brain,” he admitted, pushing the rolled cigarette between his lips, “But I’ll be keeping my eye on it, see if the Enforcer gives a positive ID. Not much point worrying about it till then.”
“Okay.”
He pinched the thumb and forefinger of his left hand and lit the cigarette, gaze drifting over my shoulder. “Hey, who’s that little creature?”
I turned and spotted a female Cadet seated alone at a corner table; a tiny girl in her early twenties. From the waves of blonde hair to the subtle application of makeup, one would expect her to be selling overpriced fragrances to upmarket housewives. She sipped tea and made an effort to ignore us.
“Seen her in class a few times,” I replied, “couldn’t tell you her name.”
“Well, get to know her and introduce me,” Benny said, stubbing out the virtually un-smoked cigarette.
“Holy shit, could you maybe keep your traumatising of Cadets to one at a time? Just for the sake of being polite?”
“I told you, I’m in control.”
“Wanna bet?”
“Fifty.”
“Done.”
Easiest fifty I ever made.


CHAPTER 2

The evaluation for Active Status was held in Room 5C, a section of the Academy regarded with mythical status among Cadets. Similar mythical status, I mused as I sat on the waiting bench, to the licensing department. Part of me already prayed that magic was more graspable then driving by government approved methods.
 In a nutshell the Active evaluation was an unavoidable late hurdle on the road to becoming an Enforcer. And, when granted, authorised a Cadet to use magic in public areas with at least a bare minimum of death inflicted on nearby civilians and property. 
Rumour was that a quarter of all Cadets were denied.
Currently a simmering red light above Room 5C displayed the word “WAIT.” So I waited, occupying my time guessing how long it would take my circulatory system to once again wave the white flag and abandon my ass.
After thirty minutes the door opened and a young Cadet stepped out, cardboard diploma held in hand and a shiny new green medal on her breast. My own blue Enforcer blazer suddenly felt embarrassingly naked.
“How did it go?” I asked her.
She smiled gleefully and held up the diploma. A stamp in the right corner declared her ‘Active.’
“Nailed it,” she said, “not as bad as everyone was going on about.”
“Any tips?”
“Sure,” she said mischievously, “Don’t spill the water, Cadet. They dock you for every drop that hits the floor.”
I nodded. “Great. Sounds easy enough.”
She blinked. Her smile melted. “Hey, you’re Jet Clarence?”
“I am.”
“Oh! Well, nice to meet you. Good luck in there.”
“Thanks.”
She turned and headed off down the echoing corridor, quickening her step. Apparently word of my Class 5 status had found her ears via the grapevine. She was eager to be beyond the potential blast zone. 
The light above Room 5C turned green and a head poked through the doorway; a bespectacled middle-aged man who proudly wore a moustache that would embarrass all but pornography stars.
“Clarence?” he asked, glancing at a clipboard.
“Yes.”
“Ah, at last we meet. Step this way.”
I stood and followed.
The evaluation hall turned out to be a classic minimalist approach to interior decoration; uninviting bare brick and cement.  At one end sat a glass and jug of water on a wooden table. The moustached man poured the contents of the glass into the jug, then crossed the hall and mounted a set of steps to an elevated observation booth, something resembling an oblong bomb-proof bunker. Little did the poor man know, I guessed any foolish Spirit discharge on my behalf capable of turning the bunker into rubble.
I craned my head. Through inch thick observation glass I watched the moustached man join a severe middle-aged woman. The two did their imitation of a television on mute as they exchanged words. Eventually the woman pressed a button and spoke into a microphone.
“Good to see you, Clarence,” her voice emerged, coarse and tinny via an amplification system. 
“And you, ma’am.”
“Let’s cut to the chase,” the man said into his own microphone, “Do you know how many Class 5’s have passed through this Academy, Clarence?”
“No, sir.”
“Seven in total. And all of those seven can be seen hanging on the wall in the Academy lobby, right under the plaque that reads ‘Noteworthy Academy Alumni.’” He cleared his throat noisily. “To be frank, the D.O.M wants you, Clarence. There is a crying need for powerful Enforcers, and many of the departments in this city have already put in requests to have you assigned there.”
“I’m flattered, sir.”
“But you certainly cannot be given a free pass, on the contrary. It will not do to have an unstable Class 5 running around the streets. And that puts us, me and Mrs. Reeves, in a very difficult situation.” 
“Don’t get us wrong, we’re eager to see what you’re capable of,” the severe woman added, “In fact, some of the trainers have been breathing down our necks asking for results. Mr. Delaney was most persistent.”
“I am myself eager to see your potential,” the man added, sounding as excited as a professional grass growing observer.
“What we’re saying, basically,” the woman continued, “Is that the potential danger you represent cannot be ignored. Understand?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Good, then we’re clear.’
I stood in silence as the two shared more unheard words and rifled through papers. Awkward tension mounted.
“We’re ready to begin,” the woman declared, “Shall we?”
“Yes.”
“Excellent, then good luck and do please remember your Place of Calm. I’ll start by asking a few questions. It says here you have a demon?”
“Correct, ma’am.”
“How would you describe your level of control over it?”
“Good.”
“But it says here you failed to defeat it during your training with…” More rifled papers. “…Miss Stephania.”
 “Yes, I failed,” I responded, “but soon after learned a Primary Crutch. It is firmly in place and I believe I have no risk of losing control.”
“Good. And the Primary Crutch in question?”
“Coffee, ma’am.”
 She nodded. “I see. Very convenient.”
 I had recently learned many were not lucky enough to have coffee as an option when it came to Primary Crutches, and felt sorry for those who had had to admit to far more embarrassing things. Lo and behold, masturbation was not uncommon. 
 The woman sat back and nodded to her counterpart. He took her cue and leaned forward. “You said your trainer was Selena Stephania, is that correct?”
My eyes dropped to the floor, stomach clenching into a knot. “Yes.”
“Interesting.” The moustached man’s voice took a note of genuine curiosity. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but wasn’t she recently arrested?”
“She was, yes.” The knot tightened. “And escaped custody, as I heard it, sir.”
“Yes, that’s right. And you were her last student?”
“I was.”
“My goodness, how bizarre.” He adjusted his glasses. “That must have been an unusual experience for you.”
 “Unusual how, sir?”
“The woman must have been very unstable,” he pronounced the words “very unstable” as if talking with perverse glee about the body count of a serious accident.
“She was maybe a little highly strung,” I muttered, “But no more then normal.”
“A little highly strung. How fascinating. I do hope she is caught soon, it won’t do to have such a dangerous character roaming the streets.”
My hands tightened into fists. “I don’t think she’s that dangerous, sir.”
He stared at me. “She killed a man.”
For a moment the face of Conrad flashed before me, face smashing flat and head snapping back. Emotion bubbled in my stomach. The flame sparked and threatened to ignite. I shoved it back down. 
“Can we get started please, sir? I have Manipulation and Influence study after and I don’t want to be late. I’m thinking of specialising, you see.”
His eyebrow rose. “Manipulation and Influence? Unusual choice. But they will be delighted to hear you are considering them. It is well known there is a dire lack of specialists in that area. Very well Clarence, we would like to see you demonstrate control of your demon, if you would. Proceed.”
I bowed my head, closed my eyes, and reached for my Place of Calm. The world melted into relaxation. I then turned my attention to a familiar memory, one that lived in the flame.
 “What’s wrong with dad?” my eight year old self asked.
“He’s dead,” my mother replied, staring at me with cold eyes.
The flame exploded into a furnace, bringing heat to my cheeks and a tremble to my lips. But control was maintained.
My eyes opened. The examiners watched.
 First, dim light offered by covered bulbs seemed to retreat and drain away, followed by a sensation that the walls were drawing in, bowing as if under some immense external pressure.
Taking the cue I let my eyes focus on a brick surface. Oddly, the pattern of the bricks unintentionally seemed to make the shape of a person. The more I focused the clearer the illusion became, solidifying and becoming more pronounced. All at once my demon was in the hall. Its blue face was empty and fine tuxedo glowing with an expensive aura. It turned to me and took a step forward. I held up a hand; it stopped.
The sound system crackled into life. 
“Well done,” the woman said, “Do you feel you have control?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
 “Very well. Please command the demon to pour a glass of water, if you would.”
The demon glanced at the glass and jug on the table, then back at me. I nodded and it moved to obey.
I watched it walk, noting the systematic movements of its body, the way its shoulders rolled and arms swung back and forth; all too precise. It had been making a notable effort to appear more human since that day in the Sushi Palace, months ago, and you almost could mistake it for human. But not quite. The best it could achieve was imitating humanity, and the result was something alarmingly unnatural.
It picked up the jug and poured the contents into the glass, then faced me.
“Good.” I told it.
It crooned in response. Something similar to the purring of a large cat.
“Well done,” the women said, “your control appears strong.”
“It is, ma’am.”
She nodded and turned to the moustached man for more silent discussion. My performance had been flawless in my own opinion, but something about their conversation did not seem entirely positive. The way the moustached man gestured animatedly said he was not convinced.
My eyes drifted to the ground as I reviewed the evaluation. 
It all seemed to have gone so well but… his comments about Selena. Damn it, the son of a bitch. Any Logical Predictor worth their salt would have come up with an emotional connection between me and Selena. He had been trying to irritate me, pressing my buttons and looking for a reaction. Had my annoyance been obvious? 
My brain chugged, I tried to recall if I had reacted. Yes. I had clenched my hands. 
 My eyes shifted back up to the observation booth. The evaluators remained locked in conversation. The moustached man appeared to be getting into the stride of a passionate monologue. A week and a half from Basics and I would be brought down by a simple offhanded mention of Selena.
But maybe it wasn’t too late.
“Here,” I commanded the demon.
It approached.
“Sit.”
It sat on the cold cement floor, stretching out its legs.
“Roll over.”
It lay on its back and rolled over once.
“Now beg.”
It stood, clasped its hands in an imitation of a man begging, and whimpered like an anxious dog.
“Good,” I said, “Good boy.”
It radiated an aura of satisfaction.
I looked back up at the examiners and smiled. “See? Under my control.”
Their blank expressions indicated intended humour was lost. The moustached man sniffed and pushed the button on his microphone. 
“You are granted an active status, Clarence. I’ll prepare your diploma. Well done.” 
 
*****

I exited the evaluation hall triumphant with diploma in hand and medal on breast. It was short-lived, however, as I remembered my next engagement for the day was in the west wing of the Academy, back to Manipulation and Influence.
The walk there through the Academy’s bustling halls was used to mentally prepare myself, as routine. It never did much good though, as the moment I passed through the double doors and was again assaulted by the sight of beds and pale bodies, my mood generally took a turn towards the disagreeable.
I crossed the hall to Mister Gibson, slipping between beds and giving nods to other Cadets and instructors.
“You’re late, Clarence,” Gibson said, voice lost in the cavernous space. 
“Sorry, sir. I was waiting to receive my Active Status”
He glanced at the solitary medal and smiled. “You got it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Any complications?”
“None, sir.”
“Well done, Clarence. Just a hop, skip and a jump away from Basics, then.”
“That’s right, sir.”
 He cleared his throat. “And might I ask if you have given consideration in what school you might specialise?”
“I haven’t decided yet, sir.”
His face fell.
“But it’s leaning towards Manipulation and Influence,” I added, feeling obliged.
Light exploded in his eyes. “Excellent, excellent. I’m so pleased to hear that, the other departments will be ever so jealous.”
“It’s not certain yet, sir. I just thought…”
“Oh I know, take all the time you need. It’s a very difficult decision. But I will say again, you are a natural, Clarence.”
“Thank you, sir, I’ll certainly take it into consideration.”
“Good, good.” He reached under his chair for the customary clipboard and pen, then gestured to Judy Carlson. “Shall we begin? She has been rather restless since your visit yesterday. I guess she missed you. And a few of our other guests have likewise been a bit skittish. Must be something going around, eh?” He chuckled. And all at once his kind grandfatherly features seemed ghoulish.
I attempted to return the chuckle, but my eyes drifted down to Judy. Saliva on her chin, empty eyes in an ambiguous state of openness. Likely attractive once, the poor forsaken creature.
I took a position beside the bed and found my Place of Calm.
 “Mommy doesn’t wanna ride,” a voice said.
I looked up and saw a handsome late forties man perched on a coal black horse. From the classic Stetson to the leather riding gloves, he was as close to a modern cowboy as was possible.
 Above us, the early evening sun was cooling as it began its decent towards the horizon. 
“Why not?” Judy asked. 
The girl was beside me now, pre-teenager.
“She just doesn’t honey,” he replied, smiling, “Now hop up. Not many hours of light left.”
Little Judy’s face contorted with agonised confusion. She turned, eyes welling with tears, and glanced at a house behind us; an enormous ranch style structure nestled in a thicket of green trees. It was immaculate and well maintained, but somehow seemed to emanate an aura of loneliness.
She turned back to her father. The first tear traced a shining path down her cheek.
“Why doesn’t she want to ride with us, daddy?”
 But the man remained mute, a smile frozen on his face and eyes staring at nothing. The horse, however, stared unblinkingly with an intelligence that had no business being in the eyes of an animal. From the perspective of a little girl the creature must have appeared massive.
“Mommy doesn’t wanna ride, baby,” her father repeated, “It’s just you and me.”
She glanced at the house again. From somewhere deep inside a voice was drifting, barely audible but persistent. It cursed and swore nonsensically, babbling insanities and screaming in animal rage.
 “I don’t wanna go without mommy,” Judy whimpered, “I don’t wanna go without her.”
There was a pause. The sun dimmed as if retreating behind an invisible wall of clouds. Then the horse’s body began to shudder violently. 
The creature spasmed, losing functionality of its neck and foam erupted from the corners of its mouth. Then the eyes rolled white and legs threatened to buckle beneath it. I thought the animal to be suffering some kind of seizure at first, but at its flanks split open from shoulder to hip, exposing ribs and writhing internal organs, I conceded the occurrence not be in any medical books this side of sanity. 
My brain screamed. Beside me little Judy shrieked hysterically, hands clamped on either side of her head.
Now the animal lurched up and adopted a bipedal stance, defying all laws of evolution and throwing the cowboy from its back. The black skin heaved, and suddenly human arms sprang forth from its shoulders, dripping blood and soft tissue. The head adjusted next, grinding vertebrae as it shunted down between the front equine limbs, allowing for a grotesque primate-like imitation.
“Mommy doesn’t wanna ride,” the horse said, “Mommy doesn’t wanna ride, baby.”
It started moved forward, body quivering as the transformation continued.
Clop. Clop. Clop.
“Mommy doesn’t wanna ride baby…mommy doesn’t wanna ride…”
“Clarence?”
I looked up.
 “Are you ready?” Gibson asked. 
I tried to nod but heart was racing. “I’ll just need a moment, sir.”
“Another rough one?”
“It seemed worse then usual. I think she’s sinking deeper into… whatever that is.”
“It can happen. Would you perhaps like to select a different patient?”
“No. It’s alright.”
“You’ll get used to it in time.”
“You keep saying, sir. But I’m not sure I’d ever get used to that. What happened to this girl?”
“That’s not why we’re here, Clarence,” he said gently, “Your purpose is…”
“I know; observation. I just can’t help but wonder.”
“Shall we begin?”
I sighed. “I know the answers already, sir. Do we have to go though it every time?”
“The time has been scheduled, Clarence. We must make use of it. Most don’t get it with such accuracy so early on.”
“Yes, sir. Of course.”
“What animal was the demon of Judy Carlson?”
“A horse.”
“And what…”
“Black.”
“Did you at any time feel disorientated or confused?”
“No.”
“Did you in any way interact with all or any projections you encountered?”
“No.”
 “Well done, Clarence,” he concluded, adding a final scribble. “I’d say you’re well and truly prepared for Basics.” His voice lowered. “I’ll tell you a little secret though, young man.”
I obliged the whisper. “Yes, sir?”
“I’ve already given my evaluation for your Manipulation and Influence training. You passed with flying colours.”
“That’s wonderful, thank you sir.’
“You earned it and more, Cadet.” He patted my shoulder affectionately. “I’d say you’re the most gifted student I’ve encountered at this Academy.”
“Thank you, sir. And I’ll let you know if I decide to specialise in Manipulation and Influence.”
“Please do, Clarence. You’re dismissed.”
I nodded and headed for the doors. 
On my exit I stopped and inspected a chalkboard by the entrance. It listed persons currently occupying the many beds, and was updated as necessary throughout the week, sometimes more then once a day. It had occurred to me early on that, should coincidence prevail, my mother or grandmother might make an appearance here. I never held much hope but continued checking out of habit.
That day again no family names were listed. But one name did catch my attention. One that made my heart lurch painfully.
Linda Hasting; previously waitress at the Sushi Palace.


CHAPTER 3

Memories of Linda from when last I had seen her were common night time visitors. But looking at her as she was now, angry brown bruises on pale arms where tubes penetrated skin, I would have done anything to trade one version for the other.
“Oh God, Linda,” I muttered to myself, “I’m so sorry.”
Footsteps approached and Gibson appeared beside me.
“You knew her?” he asked.
I nodded. “Yes. Linda. She used to be a waitress. Very passionate girl.”
“I see,” he said sombrely, shaking his head, “Terrible tragedy. Poor girl can hardly be out of her teens.”
“What will happen to her, sir? When will she be rehabilitated?”
He looked up at me and blinked, expression saying I had inconsiderately taken us into dark waters.
“Clarence,” he began hesitantly, “How much do you know about the rehabilitation process?”
 “Not that much, sir. I confess I haven’t had time to look into it.”
“You understand that people who are capable of doing what you do are rare? At least to the extent required for real rehabilitation.”
“Yes, sir.”
“And of those who can do it, few choose to specialise in Manipulation and Influence. This environment,” he said, gesturing around the hall, “Is not particularly encouraging.”
“I understand that, sir. What are you saying, exactly?”
“Well, everything that can be done for her will, of that there is no question. But please have realistic expectations…”
My heart sank. “What kind of expectations, sir?”
“Full rehabilitation is rare once a person finds themselves here, Clarence. I’m sorry.”
“How rare?”
He sighed and cleared his throat. “You know, up until recently these people would have been euthanized. As recently as just fifty years ago in some parts of the world. We’ve moved beyond that cruelty, thankfully, but you have to understand that the number of patients is daunting. Frankly, Clarence, there are simply not enough specialists to go around. And for those that are available spending more then a certain amount of time on any patient is just not fair to the others. You understand?”
“Sir, how rare?”
“On a good month we make notable progress on perhaps three to five percent of our patients. Sometimes more, sometimes less. It’s not a situation anyone likes, Clarence, but understand that this is one institute out of six in the city, and some have more patients then this. More are coming in all the time.” He paused and added sincerely. “I am sorry for your friend, Clarence, I truly am.”
“Three to five percent…?”
 My gaze turned down to Linda, heart attempting to escape via throat. I found myself desperately wanting to brush aside a strand of blonde hair that clung to her face. And it was then, as I reached for the strand and my fingers touched cold skin, that I realised there was a presence in the hall; a weight in the atmosphere, a subtle undertone in the air, so dim it was almost imperceptible but persistent none the less. It was as if the hall were alive around me.
I blinked and looked around trying to spot indication others were sensing the bizarre sensation. But business proceeded as usual. 
“Isn’t there something more that can be done?” I asked Gibson.
“Her turn will come. But I’m afraid it may be some time.”
“What happens to patients who are not rehabilitated, sir?”
He glanced at a clipboard on the foot of Linda’s bed. “She is the government’s responsibility now, Clarence. No family information is listed. If rehabilitation fails she will live out her years in a Retirement Centre. Sometimes even those with family land up in such places. I’m afraid not everyone can shoulder such a financial burden.” 
I sighed, attempted to shake the presence from my brain. But it remained. And grew stronger.
“She doesn’t have family?”
“None are listed.” He squinted at me. “Are you alright, Clarence?”
“I’m fine I just…I feel something, sir. What is that?”
“Feel what?”
“That… that presence.” 
“A presence?” His expression inched towards concern then morphed into sympathy. “Alright, come with me. Let’s take a walk.”
He took my arm and ushered me towards the doors. The presence faded as we exited.
“It gets to everyone once in a while,” he said softly, “Are you alright? Perhaps you should visit the Mental Wellness Centre?”
“I’m okay, sir. I’m not sure… I just felt very strange for a moment.”
“Its okay, Clarence. It is a notoriously high stress situation, that hall. And stress can manifest in funny ways sometimes.” He chuckled reassuringly. “I’ve seen it happen to veterans at the least expected times, seen them say and do the silliest things. You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
I nodded. We stood in silence. When he spoke again his voice had a faint tone of desperation. 
“You may have the opportunity to rehabilitate your friend yourself some day. If you specialise and achieve Senior Enforcer status. I’d even help you put in a request personally.” A hollow smile. “See? A silver lining in every scenario.”
With that he turned and departed.
For a long time I stood and stared at the white tiled floor, thinking. It had been a while since I had doubted my own mental stability, and bless the world in all its ironically lovable wit for taking a poke at me not hours after my Active Status had been granted.
“Stress,” I told myself, “Stress. It can manifest in funny ways.”
Before turning and heading up the corridor I found myself wondering about one other thing; was there perhaps information on where my mother might be, hidden inside Linda’s little blonde head?


*****

Later that day as the sun shrank behind the skyline Benny and I headed to a little hotel on the edge of the city. Structures of glass and fluorescent light slipped past on either side.
“So they think it’s Selena?” I asked.
“Report filed earlier today says the injured Enforcer identified Selena, yes.”
My stomach turned into a pit. “Shit. And he’s reliable?”
“It didn’t say ‘potentially Selena,’ so yes I guess he’s sure.”
“I though she would have been miles away by now. I don’t get it. What the hell is she thinking?”
“That’s what we’re going to find out, buddy. But if I know Selena…” His words trailed off.
I sighed. We drove on in silence. Part of me clung to the hope the identification had been wrong, but another part had already completed Benny’s unfinished sentence.  
“Notice you have your Active medal.”
“Oh. I do, yes,” I replied, looking at it closely for the first time. A simple green square laminated in shining plastic. 
“Any trouble with it?”
“Not really. One guy was pretty sneaky, but I did last minute damage control.”
“Any word Delaney stirred up shit?”
“None.”
“Good.” He grinned in pride. “Congratulations. Won’t be long before we’re equals as far as the law goes.”
“Still my Basics to worry about. I’d lie if I said I wasn’t concerned.”
“It’s the theory part that really gets people. Everyone’s worried about the magic. They forget that text books are the real enemy. Been going through them, I assume?” 
“Enforcer Etiquette. History of Magical Laws. Not riveting subject material.”
He chuckled knowingly. “That they are not.”
There was a pause; I could sense wheels in his head cranking over. 
“Think you’ll pass?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Long way to come to be put down by text books.”
I finished the thought. “You’re offering to help me cheat.”
“Help you cheat?” He glanced at me with wounded indignance. “You really think the worst of me, don’t you?”
“Sorry. I just assumed.”
“Assumptions can hurt, Jet. I’m your mentor, I’m responsible for your learning experience, and the Academy is…”
“I know,” I cut in, “I’m sorry.”
Another pause. 
“So?”
“What?”
“Do you want the answers? It’ll cost you, of course. I’m not sure how much but I can find out.”
I turned in my seat to stare at him. “You’re serious?”
“What are we talking about here?” he snapped in exasperation “Do you want the answers or not?”
“Well no I don’t. Is it impossible to think I could pass this thing legally?”
“Look, no offence, Jet, please don’t take this the wrong way, but it is an accelerated program. You do understand that?”
“Of course I understand.”
“Fine. Alright. Good on you, then. Well done.” 
My eyes drifted off out the window, watching the black shapes of partially illuminated pedestrians slide past in an endless parade. A few calculations clicked off in my head.
“What happens if I fail?”
“Apply for reenrolment and retake your basics in two years.”
“Two years?”
“Sure, Jet. Unless you can get into the Accelerated Program.”
I blinked. He glanced at me.
“What? I’m not getting you in a second time. The first time was a nightmare.”
“I see. Just how much do you think those answers might be? In case.”
 His head was thrown back as he bellowed laughter. “I sometimes wonder if you’re aware of your own obscure moral code.”
“You and me both.”
We turned into a side road that guided us away from the central metropolitan area of the city. A few minutes later we arrived at a hotel, situated in the kind of neighbourhood that seemed inexplicably to have been forgotten by the rest of the world. In both directions the street was dead.
 The little shops, however, seemed well maintained and healthy, this despite none having decent signage. It was anyone’s guess as to which were doing business. In fact, some were even hidden behind trees as if terrified a customer might accidentally wonder in. 
Benny pulled onto the curb outside a three story building. Like those surrounding it, the hotel was of an unimposing but pleasant design.
“This is it,” Benny declared. 
We climbed from the vehicle.
“Place is a ghost town,” I muttered, “How are these places staying in business?”
“In this neighbourhood, Jet my old chum, the customers seek out the shops.”
“How do you mean?”
“Come. I’ll show you.” 
We advanced up a stone path through a flower garden. Benny nodded to a poster beside the front door. 
“Behold.”
I scanned the poster. It was from an establishment titled “Spirit Masters”, and in large block letters announced; “Guaranteed demon haunting in 62 days, or your money back!”
I squinted. “I don’t understand.”
“Magic and demons, demons and magic. If you’re not born with one or the other, all you can do is wish you had been. Or, apparently, pay someone to inflict enough traumas that you develop one of your own.”
“They’re offering the service of…torturing you?”
“Correct. As far as I understand the process is popular recently. Even, sometimes successful, believe it or not. This neighbourhood has guests from around the world looking to participate.”
My head reeled at the implications. “Sometimes I really hate the world.”
“Think that’s bad,” he chuckled, smiling radiantly, “I investigated a guy on this very same street who claimed he could increase your Spirit Level by having sex with you.”
“At least he managed to get sex involved.”
“Investigation found that not one of his customers had been magically manipulated. They had all done it of their own free will. No magical crime committed. You have to respect the guy for his liberal standards though, since one of his customers had been a seventy three year old woman. A regular. Apparently she felt the Spirit bursting from her seams after visiting him.”
I grimaced. “I’ll bet she did.”
He chuckled again and nodded into the hotel. “Let’s get busy. Be discreet, be polite, and try to avoid saying we’re here on official departmental business. In fact, just let me do the talking.”
“Okay.” I followed behind as he entered. “What would Selena be doing in a place like this?”
“Let’s find out.”
 Inside we were greeted by quaint décor, with ancient paintings and vases of dried flowers as centrepieces. From nearby the artificial laughter of an early evening sitcom radiated from a front desk.
Behind the desk, engrossed in a small black and white television, an old man in his seventies sat mute. His hair and bushy eyebrows were so white they appeared bleached in some obscure fashion statement.
“Evening,” Benny said to him.
He looked up and smiled. “Hello gents, how can I help?” His eyes flicked to Benny’s Junior Enforcer medals. “Oh, more Enforcers. Are you boys running late?”
“Not at all, we’re right on time,” Benny replied, returning the smile.
“I spoke to the other Enforcers earlier. Is there something they forgot?”
“We’re just here to do a quick last minute sweep for information. Nothing to worry about, be out of your hair in no time.”
“Well, alright then. Let me show you the room.”
He took a key from a board and proceeded up a flight of wooden stairs. We hovered behind as he mounted each step individually. 
“She seemed a perfectly normal girl,” he said, shuffling his slippered feet onto the next step, “Maybe a bit tense, but I thought nothing of it. Then I heard the booming sounds and saw the light in my room shaking like there was an earthquake. I was just going to see what was happening when Mrs. Rossi, who had been staying in room seven, came rushing down the stairs. You should have seen her face! So pale I thought she might have seen the ghost people sometimes report.” He paused and turned to face us. “You people don’t deal with ghosts, do you?”
“No, sir, not our department,” Benny responded, neutrally.
The lethargic advance continued. “So Mrs. Rossi screamed at me I needed to call the Enforcers, and you bet I did. Not a moment too soon either. The whole place just about came crashing down, and I heard that nice young lady screaming like she thought the sky was falling on her head.”
He mounted the top step and headed over to a door numbered six. We followed, and as the first floor came into view signs of damage became evident. The wall behind which room six sat bowed outward in multiple circular patterns.
“Insurance was not pleased, I’ll tell you that,” the old man said, unlocking the door. He gestured for us to enter.
We stepped inside and Benny flipped a light switch. The interior of the room, walls and floor, were pockmarked with dozens of ragged impact craters, each the size of a wagon wheel. Some on the walls were so severe they allowed glimpses of rooms beyond, while others on the floor sank so deep that stepping into them would have swallowed a leg halfway up the shin.
Benny whistled as his eyes scanned the scene. 
“Think you might have a rodent problem,” he said, “Big ones by the looks of it.”
The old man chuckled. “Yes, she sure did a number on this place. Would never have believed such a little creature could have done this. And that’s not even the half of it.” He pointed to a rust coloured stain beside the entrance, and another in the centre of the room. “She gave a beating to that first Enforcer when he pitched up. Saw him being taken out a bit later when the D.O.M arrived. Looked like someone had taken a lawnmower to his face. Terrible sight. Chair in here was also covered in blood, so I had it removed. The other Enforcers said I could. Is that okay?”
“No problem, sir,” Benny replied, “You’re very helpful, thank you.”
 We stood silent, three heads craning about. I glanced at Benny and he shrugged, apparently having similar doubts that Selena was capable of such destruction.
“So she attacked the Enforcer?” he asked the old man, crouching to inspect a blood stain.
“That’s right. He stormed in soon after I called. I didn’t see what happened but heard a whole lot of shouting. Next thing I knew the girl was running out the front doors. The second group of Enforcers arrived a couple of minutes later.” 
“I see.” Benny scanned the room again from his crouched position, eyes squinting. For the briefest moment his gaze settled on the old man’s face. “What was your name again, sir?”
“Chester.”
“Chester, I would like to see the footage from that camera there.” He pointed to an upper corner of the room near the bed. There was nothing.
Chester, however, froze, His face drained. “Beg your pardon, sir?” 
“The camera, Chester. Show me the footage please.”
The old man’s mouth flapped. “Not sure what you mean?”
“Now, please.”
There was a lingering moment in which Chester’s brain must have cranked into sixth gear. Finally, after twenty seconds of silence, his expression morphed to cold defiance. “You can’t do that. It’s not allowed. You’re not allowed in my head unless you have good reason. And you didn’t have it. I’ll take you to court, get your Enforcer status revoked…”
Benny sprang back to his feet in a blur. Chester took an involuntary step backwards. 
“You listen to me, you old pervert. My stealing information from your greasy brain is the least of your worries. Understand? I can make you show us the supply closet at the end of this hall, or you can do it yourself and try gaining some goodwill. Either way, I’m seeing the footage from your little voyeuristic camera party. What do you say?”
The old man’s brain now flew into overdrive, eyes flicking between me and Benny, bushy eyebrows knitting together. 
“I didn’t sell it,” he muttered sincerely, “It was just for me I swear it. The footage has never left this hotel. Could have made a tidy sum selling it, but I never did…”
“I don’t give a shit what you did with it. Just show me. Okay?”
“Okay…”
“Okay, Chester?”
“Yes, yes, okay.”
“Good. Move it.”
He turned and shuffled out the room, up towards the end of the first floor corridor. We passed rooms seven to ten before arriving at a door labelled “UTILITIES”. It was unlocked with a key from a hip pocket.
Inside the space was no bigger then an average bathroom. There was indeed a bucket, mop and other cleaning supplies, but beside them stood a monitor and array of professional grade surveillance equipment. The screen, bathing the walls with ghostly white light, currently displayed the interior of four separate rooms.
“I wasn’t selling it,” Chester insisted, adopting a posture of exaggerated frailty, “I wasn’t. I swear.” 
“Just show us.”
“Okay. Okay.” He crossed to the desk and sank into the well used chair. Buttons were pressed, a disk inserted, and an image appeared. It was Selena Stephania, pacing the room we had left moments ago.

CHAPTER 4

Selena had changed little since last I had seen her, months prior. The formal wardrobe had been traded for a casual alternative, but still she managed to radiate an aura of brutal authority. Even through a low resolution monitor.
As I watched a tiny flutter blossomed in my stomach, dancing about and eagerly demanding to be recognised. I silenced it, attempting to pretend its presence had not brought a flush to my cheeks.
On the monitor Selena’s pacing increased and became frantic, coal black hair flying over her shoulder and face anxious.
“That’s Selena all right,” Benny said, “doing what I always imagined she would do when alone in a room. Look pissed off.”
The room around her was undamaged. And, upon leaning closer to the monitor, I noticed something else that had not been present. A stack of official looking brown folders piled neatly in a corner. Some sat open with papers laid out in rows.
“What are those?” I asked Benny.
He squinted at the monitor. 
“I’m not sure. Look like office folders of some kind.” Realisation jolted him. “Oh. Damn it.”
“What?”
“They’re D.O.M folders.”
“Yes? And?”
“I’m willing to bet those are her case files.”
A hand clamped itself over my eyes. “How…?”
“We’ll discuss it later.” He turned to Chester. “Skip ahead to where she goes postal.”
He obeyed and the video sped up; Selena’s pacing became a blur of movement. She paced at least fifteen minutes, seen in a few seconds, then the scenario changed. She was in a chair, naked legs hanging over the armrest. On her thigh a cut oozed blood nestled among hundreds of scars. A razor dangled from one hand.
 “Holy shit,” Benny muttered, “Has she cut her leg?”
“Yes. It’s her Primary Crutch.”
“We can’t all be smokers, I guess.”
“She’s calm,” I noted, “so she still has control of her demon.” 
A second figure now joined Selena, standing half masked behind the chair. A tall anorexically thin woman, sequined dress and fur coat drooping from jutted bones and taut pale skin.
“Will you look at that,” Chester cooed, “What is that creature?”
“You shut up,” Benny snapped, “Keep the video rolling.”
Selena was back on her feet, pacing. The demon watched on. Then the destruction started. She stopped suddenly and in a rush of fast forwarded motion smashed her fist repeatedly into the wall, raw Spirit crackling in swarms of blue sparks. Impact craters appeared in quick succession, littering the room’s interior. There was a pause, then she was sitting with back to wall, panting.
“She’s slipping,” Benny muttered.
 Seconds later the room door opened and an Enforcer stepped in, ushering us into another frantic period of blurred motions. Spirit flew and a battle was fought.
 “Stop it here,” Benny said to Chester.
The video slowed to normal speed; the demon was perched atop the Enforcer. The man struggled as it rained down slashing blows. His head snapped from side to side, blood spraying the walls as his face was gored beyond recognition. Then Selena lunged and knocked the creature aside, screaming inaudible words into its face. It snarled back at her and she struck it hard, sending it stumbling into a wall. It looked enraged. But did not resist.
 The mauled Enforcer went limp. Selena grabbed the files and bolted for the door, leaving the demon alone. It cocked its head to the side and watched after her. Then looked directly up at the camera. There was a combined gasp in the surveillance room.
“It sees us,” Chester hissed.
The creature faded as if it had never been there.
I gaped, speechless. Not in my wildest dreams had I believed such a scene would unfold. This woman, the very poster child of control, was unravelling.
‘What have we done…?’ the flutter in my stomach groaned.
Benny sighed and rubbed his eyes. I knew how he felt; despite the guilt I was also sharply aware that this was the woman who would, inevitably, be coming for us.
“I would have never believed to this level, but she’s slipping,” he said to me, raking fingers back through hair, “Big time.”
“What do we do?”
“If she carries on down that road it could be seriously devastating. Either way the D.O.M will rally a major man hunt. She’s attacked an Enforcer; that will put her at the top of every list in the city.”
I nodded. “Of course.”
“This is beyond you and me now, Jet. She needs to be caught.”
“What was that creature?” Chester interjected, eyes wide, “Was it the ghost?! I never thought…”
Benny scoffed and planted a hand on either side of the old man’s head, then stared into his eyes.
“Hey!” 
He resisted at first, but after a second his mouth dropped open. 
 “There were no Enforcers here tonight, you did not see us. Understand me, Chester?”
“Yes.”
“And you’re going to throw this surveillance equipment out the window the moment me and Jet leave. Forget you ever had it, forget you ever used it, forget everything you saw in the monitor. And take up a ravenous interest in antique collecting. Okay?”
“Okay,” Chester agreed.
“Good. And if you want something dirty to look at use the internet like everyone else.” He released the old man and nodded at me. ‘We’re leaving.’

*****

As we headed back to the apartment, the inky night now set in firmly around us, the image of Selena’s demon mauling the Enforcer returned to me.
“I knew it was ridiculous hoping she would disappear,” Benny said with a sigh, breaking the silence.
“What can she do with those files? Are they forged?”
“Forged?” He shook his head. ‘No, don’t be ridiculous. We couldn’t falsely convict her with forged documents. But what those documents can do is take her to where the magic was done.”
“Where did she get them?”
“The heart of the D.O.M where she was convicted, I suppose. Your guess is as good as mine as to how she managed that. I’ll have a sniff around and see what I can find out.”
I hesitated, but knew the answer before asking. “Could she overturn the case? Bring us down?”
 “Selena? What do you think?’
He did not seem concerned. 
“So why aren’t we worried?”
“We are,” he responded calmly, “But based on what I just saw I’m more worried she snaps and goes on a rampage. Her blowing our case seems less likely at this point. And the only benefit of one over the other is us staying out of a Magical Detention Centre.”
My heart jumped. “You don’t think she might attack us?”
“I don’t know, maybe? Did you see that back there? The guy doesn’t have a face anymore. Besides, why are you asking me? You might know better then I do at this point, Romeo.”
“I wouldn’t have guessed what we just saw.”
“Well then, yes, she could bring us down, and yes, we are worried, but we’re not exactly just going to sit back and let it happen. I’ll put out my tentacles and see if I can track her down.”
“Your tentacles couldn’t find my mother.”
“Your mother is a ghost, as far as my tentacles are concerned. But that’s a different kettle of fish. You mother isn’t smashing up the city in blind rage.”
 “Maybe Selena can regain control.”
He glanced at me, brow furrowing. “Jet, any Enforcers running into her now won’t be trying to help her.”
“What do you mean?”
“The moment that guy’s face got turned into hamburger the protocol switched from asking her politely, to telling her by any means necessary. That’s under ‘arrest protocol’ in Enforcer Etiquette, by the way. And, I’m sorry Jet, in these cases the suspects are generally brought in dead. It’s not difficult to understand why.”
My head spun. “You’re telling me the Department of Magic is going to kill her?”
“Not strictly as a first option but… yes. She seriously injured an Enforcer, what do you expect?”
“We can’t let that happen.”
He turned in his seat to gawk at me, passing street lamps tracing shadows across his face. “We can’t let that happen? Forgive me for saying, but you are seriously starting to lose sight of the situation. She has to be stopped, Jet. And not just for our sake but because she is clearly slipping her bracket. It is what it is. She’s losing her damn mind.”
“It is what it is?!” My voice jumped up a notch.
“What the hell do you want me to do?”
I struggled with words. “We have to help her.”
“Help her? Help her how? Do what, exactly?”
My eyes dropped to my lap. Somehow my hands had started shaking. 
 “Let’s just try to make sure she’s brought in alive,” I said at last.
“How, Jet?”
“I don’t know. Can we be there when she’s brought in?”
“And then what? Guide her into a prison cell with a carrot on a stick?”
“We have to try!” I snapped.
Silence closed in. Benny shifted awkwardly.
“I’m in control,” I muttered.
“I know you are,” he replied curtly, “You realise that even if she is brought in alive, most of the remaining years of her life will be lived out in a bed in one of those God forsaken Rehabilitation halls. And after that, one of those hideously depressing Retirement homes.”
“I understand that.” Thoughts jostled for position, lining themselves up in my head, “But that’s something. Better then the alternative. At least there’s hope. Let’s just try, okay? We owe her that. I know it’s stupid, trust me I do…”
He opened his mouth, sighed, and closed it again. “It’s not stupid, Jet. I’m not thrilled about the situation either. The dispatcher owes me. If Selena is spotted and it’s called in I’ll be notified. We can try to be there. But you know I can’t guarantee anything. If I track her down first we can likewise be there when the Enforcers roll in. But you’re crazy if you think…”
“Thank you,” I cut him off, “I appreciate it.”
He nodded. We drove on in silence.
“You wanna stop for a recharge?” he said brightly, mood swinging like a pendulum back to cheerful.
“Sure.”
We turned into the entrance of a small café and slipped into a parking space. The exterior of the establishment looked inviting, boasting ‘bottomless coffee and live music on Thursdays’, but inside was populated by a fog of cigarette smoke and dim light. The ‘brooding arty’ ambience created by the decorator seemed to be falling flat in a ‘drunken teenager’ neighbourhood. The place was almost empty.
We took a corner booth and a middle aged woman drifted over, jaw working endlessly on a piece of gum.
“You again, huh?” she said to Benny, unimpressed, “And I see you brought a friend. Someone dangerous out on the streets tonight, that two Enforcers need be lurking around?”
“We never lurk where it can be helped, ma’am,” Benny replied, “Is Julian here?”
She snorted. “Is he ever not? You better quit messing around in that boy’s head. One of these days I oughta report you.”
Benny glanced around. “Of course you should, ma’am. But if you get rid of us, who will keep you in business?” He smiled. “Two coffees, if you please. Send Julian over.”
She gave a glare of disapproval and stalked off.
“Who the hell is Julian?” I asked.
“He’s a friend. You’ll love him.”
We waited. The buzz of exterior traffic clashed with muttered interior conversations. My mind went back to the hotel. 
“I have a question.”
“Yes?”
“As a student.”
“Proceed, Cadet Clarence.”
 “How did you do that? With the old man? Make him forget such specific memories like that?”
“Practice. It’s a very tricky business. A lot more complicated then a little tweak with short term memory. I recommend most not mess with it.”
“Most shouldn’t, but you do?”
“I’m not most people, Jet. I happen to be particularly good at it.” He tapped a medal on his breast. “Specialist.”
“So how do you do it?”
He paused, eyeing me. “I suppose you’re not most people either, is that right?”
“They haven’t covered it in class.”
“They never will unless you specialise. Rehabilitation is done in a similar way, that’s the practical application. If I were Senior Enforcer I’d be spending most of my time tooling around in those halls.”
“I know. It’s why I’m asking.”
 His eyes narrowed. “I see. Tell me.” 
“Linda,” I said with a sigh, “Remember her?”
“Refresh my memory.”
“Blonde girl in the Sushi Palace. Bubbly. Clawed her own face after I broke my mother’s domination spell.”
“Ah. I recall.”
“She turned up in the Manipulation and Influence hall.”
“Oh. Don’t even think about trying, Jet. All you’ll land up doing is making it worse. The Specialists will get to her.”
“Yes I realise. I’m just curious about the process.”
He hesitated at length. “If you can imagine finding the moment in that old man’s life where he decided to install a network of spy cameras, and suggest that he instead take up antique collecting, the rest kind of sorts itself out.”
I thought about this. “Won’t he be… confused?”
“For a while. But he’ll sort it out in time. The mind is a versatile thing.”
“Sort it out?”
“Yes. Like dominoes. One memory will tip over and influence the next. Click, click, click, till it’s finished.”
I stared, grasping the implications. “Shit, Benny. That’s pretty severe.”
“You’re concerned I’ve cleaned up the mind of a perverted old voyeur? Would you like to instead hand him over to Selena and let her know he was having a little hand party over her sleeping form? Oh he’s still an old pervert, Jet. Just not one that decided to make a hobby out of it. I certainly wouldn’t try making him believe he’s not a pervert. That would indeed probably be disastrous. Too many clicks, you see, drive him bonkers.”
“Too many clicks. Got it.”
“It’s best not to mess with the core. Keep the clicks to a minimum.” His face hardened. “Don’t mess around with that kind of thing, Jet, seriously. It’s dangerous.”
We trailed off into silence. The waitress brought our coffees.
“Your coffee, gentlemen.” She pronounced the word ‘gentlemen’ like it tasted of lemons. “Julian is on his way”
She melted away and a moment later a tall gangly teenager appeared, emerging through the cigarette fog. He seemed to have attempted to hide his awkward frame beneath a collection of clothing two sizes too big for him.
“Enforcer Kingston,” he scoffed, trying and failing to sound defiant.
“Hello, Julian. Take a seat.”
I shifted up and the young man slipped into the booth beside me.
“Who is this?” he muttered, glancing at me.
“This is Cadet Clarence, a promising addition to the D.O.M and my student.”
“Your student? Great. Two corrupt sons of bitches are better then one, I suppose.”
“Yes, I was just teaching Jet how to recognise reprobates who manipulate and take advantage of high school girls and you came along. So perfect timing, thank you.”
“Hey, keep your voice down man…”
“Shut your mouth, Julian.”
The young man sank into his seat, trembling with frustration.
“We’re looking for a woman,” Benny began, “Black hair, Hispanic, sexy as hell, scary as hell, goes by the name Selena Stephania. She escaped custody about six months ago, recently attacked an Enforcer at a hotel nearby. I think she will be looking for a place to hide. You listening, Julian?”
“I’m listening. Haven’t heard of her.”
“Spread the word. Get everyone’s eyes open, specifically in the runaway shelters. I’ll be waiting for your call.”
“Anything else?”
“Yes. Buy new clothes, those are too big for you.”
He scowled, threw me a stare of disgust, and stood.
“And Julian?”
“What?”
“Tell your boys to keep away from her. She’ll tear them to pieces.”
“Sure.”
He stalked off.
“That guy was manipulating school girls?” I asked.
“Yes,” Benny replied, shrugging, “But I couldn’t convict him even if I wanted. None of the girls will testify against him.”
“Why not?”
“They enjoyed it,” he said with a sigh, “some even sought him out and begged.”
I frowned. “What…?”
 “Don’t think too hard about it, trust me. Guy is a damn good pair of eyes though. If Selena is trying to hide with magical fugitives in this city we’ll know.”
“Okay. I guess I’ll trust your judgement. But I don’t like it.” I sipped my coffee. “Something else about Linda…”
He looked up. His pouch of tobacco had been extracted and a little pile tipped on the table. “Yes?”
“She might know something,” I ventured, “About my mother. Something useful.”
The cigarette took form and he lit it. “You want to root around in her head, is that it?”
“Yes.”
“I see.” He took a drag, downed his coffee, and dropped the butt into the mug. It sizzled. “So you want help?”
“Yes. If you could help me get into Manipulation and Influence Hall 2.”
“Respect the clicks, Jet.”
“Observation only, I know the rules.”
“Fine. But one of these days I’m going to call in all these favours, buddy. No offence.”
“None taken.”


CHAPTER 5

Later that night I sat at my desk, a textbook titled ‘Modern Magical Laws in Detail’ open, and cup of coffee close at hand. The book listed magical laws in an endless catalogue that extended from cover to cover, rather thin on the ‘in Detail’ part of the title. Regardless, I set about committing the bullet form listed items to memory.
Some of the other textbooks included ‘Enforcer Etiquette and Proper Procedure’, ‘Department of Magic Chain of Command’ and ‘The Schools of Magic and Sub-Divisions’. Each was a similar compilation of lists that extended from prologue to epilogue.
It was then, as the clock started ticking toward the morning hours, and I struggled to process the logic behind restricting the mental manipulation of dental patients for the purpose of numbing pain, some countries, not all, that I had my first inclination I could fail my Basics. Benny’s plan B began to seem seductively alluring. Delaney, however, seemed less likely to disappear if I threw enough money at him.
The interruption came at about 1AM. I would like to say I could have studied relentlessly until the early hours, but frankly any reason to step away from the book was a glorious relief. 
The buzzing in my head sounded. 
‘Danger,’ my Spirit told me, ‘danger!’ 
My eyes turned to the door; the buzzing intensified.
Selena? If she had actively sought us out her intentions being positive seemed slim. Besides which, having seen her in physical conflict with Benny, regardless of my Spirit Level, my only hope was getting assistance before she turned me into a bloody stain on the carpet.
Then I heard the giggle.
Tee hee hee…
A pleasant female giggle, that of a young girl. Something you would expect to hear on a school playground. 
I relaxed, stood, and stepped through into the adjoining sitting room.
“Where are you?” I called out. “Don’t hide from me, Bethany, you know the rules.”
 The apartment was silent, bar the hum of the refrigerator emanating from beyond the sitting room.
Tee hee hee…
There was movement and I focused on it.
“Oh, there you are.”
I had heard mutters around the Academy that Benny had drawn a lucky card when it came to demons. And it was true, hair ribbons and old fashioned buckled shoes did not sound like a terrifying demon. But as she stood now, motionless body partially illuminated by ambient city light, I could confirm Bethany’s unnatural face did not inspire calm. She stared at me, rooted in the centre of the living room.
I fell into my Place of Calm.
“Good to see you,” I said, “Back again, are we?”
She said nothing. Response was offered by the absurdly large smile creeping wider, extended beyond her face in some bizarre imitation of abstract art. She came shuffling forward.
“Hey. Hey! You stop that,’” I cried out, skin crawling, “Stop there, Bethany! Stay away from me.”
She stopped.
Then a high pitched shriek from Benny’s room shattered the silence. His bedroom door flew open and a partially dressed female figure stumbled out. A pair of terrified eyes and set of bare breasts was visible in the gloom.
“Oh my God!” Her voice squawked. 
Brenda the redheaded Cadet. She would be the third I had seen exiting the apartment in similar compromising circumstances.
“Try finding your Place of Calm,” I told her.
The girl spun, teeth clenched and body shaking. She opened her mouth to respond but spotted Bethany. The intended words turned into another piercing shriek. She turned and fled, hands planted over breasts and clothes dangling from under an arm. 
Bethany turned to me and raised her shoulders in a tiny shrug.
“Yes, well done,” I muttered.
Benny stumbled through the bedroom door next, shirt half buttoned and belt unbuckled.
“That’s fifty you owe me,” I said.
He turned and his face fell into the ambient light, gaze unfocused. For a moment it seemed he was struggling to recognise me.
“You okay?” I prompted. 
He did not respond.
“Benny? You okay?”
His eyes moved to the demon. 
“Get the hell out of here,” he growled at it. 
Bethany shook her head defiantly. 
“I said get out of here!” 
Again, she shook her head. 
He squared his shoulders, took a deep breath, and fixed the creature with a determined glare. “Be gone.”
At last she faded away.
There was a pause. The silence of the apartment pressed in. He cleared his throat, unable to meet my eyes.
“I think…” he started, but trailed off.
“What is it?”
Finally he settled for producing a strained grin. “I guess I owe you fifty.”
“I guess so.”
He took a few steps and fell into a couch, absently buckling his pants. I took the couch across from him.
“At least any neighbours sticking their heads out will have something decent to gossip about,” I said.
“What?”
“Brenda. She ran out of here buck-naked.”
“Oh.” He grinned again. This one was more convincing.
“Look, Benny,” I began “Maybe it’s time, you know? Sooner or later one of these girls is going to report it.”
“I thought…”
“I know you did. But you really don’t.” I gestured to Brenda’s exit door. “She’ll testify to that. They’re going to suspend you, Benny. We both know you have to nip this in the bud before it gets out of hand. Shit, it’s already out of hand.”
He opened his mouth but eyes were now drifting to a place over my shoulder. His expression transformed into a gape of horror.
“What?”
I turned, aware that the buzzing had cranked back up. Behind the couch stood Brent Kingston.

*****

My Place of Calm up until that point had been a matter of personal pride. More then one Academy trainer had even commented on its strength. At that moment, however, looking into the face of Brent Kingston, one of his eyes staring at six o clock and the other at eleven, an exit wound in his cheek that exposed a moist pit beneath, my place of calm did not hold. It exploded like a grenade.
I was on my feet staggering backwards, mouth flapping and hands clamped on my head.
“Jet…” Brent said to me. The hole in his cheek whistled with escaping air. “Partner…” He stepped forward until his thighs pressed against the backrest of the couch. Both hands reached for my face. “Partner. Partner. Partner.”
I screamed; a short squawk that rang in my stomach and stung my throat. Vaguely I was aware Spirit had exploded into life around my body.
“Oh God,” I heard myself gasp. 
But moments before an attack was released that would have done severe unintentional damage to the apartment, Benny appeared at my side.
“Disappear!” he roared at his brother, voice trembling. 
In response Brent turned towards him, skew eyes doing their best to identify the new face. “Benny…”
“Go away!” Benny snarled, “Go away! Disappear!”
“Brother. Brother.”
The punch smashed Brent square in the face. If thinking rationally I would have been impressed Benny had demonstrated enough control to use only as much Spirit as required. The release, however, still created a POP that ruffled my hair and sent coffee table magazines fluttering like limp birds. 
Brent’s head went flying back, tumbling in an arch until it ricocheted off the floor, temporarily drawing his body into an unconventional “n.” He hovered that way for a moment, time struggling to catch up and gravity re-establish itself, then he collapsed; spread-eagled. His uncomprehending face gaped at the ceiling.
Benny acted without hesitation. He dashed forward and sat heavily on his brother’s chest, pinning him to the ground, then in one fluid movement reached down and grabbed forehead and jaw, twisting until neck vertebrae cracked.
Brent was gone. My warning buzz died away.
“Oh my God…” I managed.
Benny looked up at me, face glistening. I thought for sure he would scream. But he did not so much as grunt.
My mind jabbered madness. I realised I was biting my lip hard enough to draw blood.
“Relax, Jet,” Benny said, “Find your Place of Calm.”
I did. Spirit drained away and my heart slowed.
“You okay?” he asked.
“I’m okay.”
“Sure?”
“Yes, I’m fine, I’m fine.”
Thick silence descended. 
My gaze focused on his face, mind trying desperately to make sense of the situation. Puzzle pieces were lining up. 
“Holy shit,” I breathed, realisation dawning. “Benny, how long?”
“Couple of months,” he replied. 
His eyes fell to the floor and mouth twisted into an embarrassed grin.
“A couple of months? Okay.” I reigned in horror and fought to keep my voice level. “Why didn’t you say something?”
“Thought I had it under control.”
“I’m not sure you do.”
“No, had a little slip I guess.”
He grinned again, demeanour hinting at a child accused of breaking a window.
 “A little slip? Shit, Benny. You need help…”
“Yes.”
“Soon.”
“Of course.”
I swallowed. My head sang with a pot-pourri of implications; mouth unwilling to express them. “Is there something I can do?”
“No. I can handle it.”
“Okay.” 
He looked up. And this time it was me unable to hold the gaze.
 “Good night,” he said at last.
And with that he turned and headed into his room. 

*****

I wasn’t well informed on the details of a person developing multiple demons. It had not been covered in any lecture up until that point, and what I had heard was mostly idle Cadet gossip. The kind of conversations that went; 
‘Did you hear about the person brought in by the Enforcers yesterday? He had three demons.’ 
‘Three demons? Oh my God.’ Pause. ‘So how about this weather?’
That is to say, multiple demons were the kind of thing spoken about but never encountered first hand. There was, of course, no doubt that such a thing was possible, but surely those unstable enough were found tucked away in the shadows of the city slums. Surrounded by empty liquor bottles and used syringes.
Brent, as far as Benny and I were concerned, never came up in casual conversation. Not him or the failed gambling con, nor Pout the loan shark and his dead consorts, and especially not Morris Chapman and dead young Conrad in the penthouse. We had both done an admirable job of pretending none of it had ever happened.
But I knew Benny must have dealt with mourning family members and investigations. He never mentioned any of it. 
The following morning I stepped into the kitchen to find Benny, as always, with cup of coffee in hand and smile on face.
“Morning,” he said brightly.
“Morning.”
“I’ll look into that Linda thing for you today. Manipulation and Influence Hall 2 isn’t exactly Fort Knox.”
“Okay. Thanks.”
 “Be ready after class. I thought we might also go pay a visit to Gloria Stephania.”
“Selena’s mother?”
“That’s the one.” He sipped his coffee.
“You think that’s a good idea?”
“Can’t think of a better idea at this point. No record of her being a Magic User and we have to start somewhere.”
“Alright.” I paused, hesitating. “Are you feeling alright?”
“Sure,” he replied, nodding amiably, “You?”
“Yes.”
The previous night seemed like a dream. My mouth opened, intending on asking where he would find help. But closed again. 
Instead I took my grinder from its place on the fridge, loaded it with coffee beans and began working the handle. Gathering excess Spirit drained away.
“This still works for the blue-face,” I said, “He’s pretty much a pussy cat these days. But sometimes I have nightmares. I see faces; my mom, Conrad, Brent, that loan shark from Valhalla Hotel. And when I wake up…” I struggled with words, hand still working the grinder. “…the coffee doesn’t work for that. No matter how much I churn this Godforsaken thing, no matter how much coffee I drink, it only works for him; the blue-face.”
I glanced round. Benny said nothing.
“Found something that does work, though,” I went on, tipping the ground coffee into a strainer and flipping on the kettle. “Just sort of happened, but it works. Messy, not as smooth as the coffee, but it’s keeping the Spirit down, keeping the balance. I guess it’s my unofficial Secondary Crutch. My mother. Finding her and taking her down. I focus on that, channel the Spirit into that intention. And if I didn’t… I guess I would have a second demon by now.”
Finally I turned to face him, waiting. Still he said nothing.
“The girls you’re seeing aren’t working as a Secondary Crutch,” I went on, “You’re just making it worse, Benny. You’re just pissing off Bethany and making her unstable as well. Find something else. Or get help, the professional kind. The Mental Wellness Centre at your D.O.M? Or at the Academy. That’s also free” 
He sipped his coffee. 
“Benny…?”
“Who wouldn’t want to meet the human being responsible for screwing up Selena?” he said, continuing the previous conversation without missing a beat. “Should be interesting meeting her at least, right? We’ll go after Linda.”
“What?”
“Know all about Selena’s demon. Pulled her file.” He downed the rest of his coffee. “Ready to go when you are. Let’s get rolling or you’ll be late for the Academy.”
He dropped his mug in the sink and exited the kitchen. I watched after him. Beside me the boiling kettle clicked.
Soon after, we drove to the Academy, in complete silence.

*****

First on the Academy agenda was Raw Spirit Management.
It was well publicised that Enforcers did not carry firearms, the reason being that raw Spirit was as effective as, if not more effective than, any firearm available. At least that’s what they told us. My suspicion was that Enforcers were forbidden to carry firearms because it saved a small fortune on the D.O.M’s budget. There was no denying, however, that the more I attended Raw Spirit Management the clearer it became how astonishingly versatile a substance Spirit could be. 
I entered the hall and a few Cadets hung their shoulders, perhaps having hoped I had lost my way or been struck down by unexpected plague. Not a reaction I blamed them for. Three had been injured during my first appointment, one with arm still in a sling. The occurrence had, however, had rather the opposite effect on the lady trainer, early fifties Elaine Lotz, who had appeared rather energised by the clumsy display of power. 
“An Enforcer has no need for a firearm,” she had declared during that first training session, “Since raw Spirit has far more effective results. If wielded correctly. And an Enforcer need not fear firearms, if he or she is competent in the assigned schools of magic.”
This was bullshit, of course. It was true Spirit did not require reloading, was far quicker to fire off, did not jam, did not require much aiming, and could potentially injure multiple opponents. But an Enforcer had as much reason to fear firearms as any other, being that bullets made holes in people. No body armour in the budget either, it seemed.
Following the lecture Lotz had requested I fire Spirit at her, ‘as much as I could manage,’ so the art of channelling Spirit could be demonstrated. Unlucky for surrounding Cadets, she had not been aware of my Class 5 level at the time. Lucky for those same Cadets I had fired off less than a quarter my total potential.
“Today you get to demonstrate just how big your balls are,” Lotz announced presently, “Hands on practice, ladies and gentlemen, catch and distribute. Remember what I’ve taught you and you will not be injured. Decide on the flow path before engaging, there is no time once it is upon you, and process the distribution in one fluid action. You are a conduit, not an energy wrangler; trying to control the Spirit is what leads to dangerous errors. Up your arm, over your shoulder, down your body, past your heart, through your stomach, into your legs, and out to the floor. Decide now, so hesitation does not occur in the crucial moment. Does everyone hear me?”
There were sombre nods.
“Some of the other Raw Spirit trainers in this city,” she continued, running fingers back through short cropped blonde hair, “Like to have paramedics standing by on such crucial practical training days. As you can see I have not requested paramedics to be present.” She paused, pacing before the dozen staring faces. “That is because I am one hundred percent certain there will not be a mishap today. You are all, every Cadet in this class, capable of holding your ground and demonstrating the self control required for the exercise. To put it bluntly; you are not permitted to fail. Is that understood?”
More nods. The hall was silent.
“Well then. Our first brave Cadet will set the standard and pave the way for the others. Who would like that honour?” 
Her cool blue eyes scanned the crowd. I attempted to spontaneously turn invisible, having yet to fully recover from the embarrassment of Delaney’s class. But her gaze found me anyway.
“Clarence?”
“Yes, ma’am?”
“Care to step up?”
“Could I decline?”
“If you want to hand over your balls, absolutely.”
I sighed. “Very well, ma’am.”
She smiled and I stepped to the front of the class, taking position in a red circle marked on the cement floor.
“Think of it as catching an egg.” she said, stepping into her own circle, “Be ready to accept the energy, not resist it. Feel the natural flow and roll with its intended course. Attempt to fight the energy and you will land up with yolk all over your face. Understand?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
The other Cadets inconspicuously backed away. Some were so eager to be beyond the blast zone they stood with backs firmly against a far wall.
“Ready, Clarence?”
“Yes.”
“Here it comes.” 
She generated a crackling orb, the size of a golf ball, on an index finger and unceremoniously let it loose. I braced and stepped to the side, leaving an open hand in the trajectory. My stomach imitated a fist.
The real trick was, I thought as I watched the projectile, silencing the instinct that screamed I did not want to be on the business end of a small bomb. The face of Conrad was still fresh in my mind, prime example of an orb’s capability.
Then my arm was snapping back, conjuring images of attempting to catch a small meteorite. I rolled and spun sideways, letting my waist twist with the flow and dampen the impact. Then, a second later, an electric tingling engulfed my hand as the bolt prepared to release its energy. It was in that brief window I could either absorb and direct the Spirit, or suffer the consequences of it being inflicted upon me.
I told my mind the tingling belonged to the ground. In response there was a rushing from hand to chest, a brief swirling as it hesitated around my heart, then continued down my legs and through the soles of my feet. A moment later came a THUMP as the cement floor shuddered.
“Are you injured?” Lotz asked.
“I’m okay, ma’am,” I replied, “Hand stings a little.” 
I attempted to shake feeling back into my palm.
“Well done, Clarence,” she said, eyes twinkling, “If you had made the absorption sooner your hand would not even have taken the initial impact.” She gestured for me to join the others and turned to address them. “A similar process may be used if you wish to absorb Spirit permanently and add it to your own reserves. This is useful, but something that should be done with caution since a fair amount of guessing is involved. Will you be capable of containing the Spirit inflicted? Is it beyond your personal reserve limitations? Choose wisely, since a commitment made to absorb is one that must be followed through. Once directed energy does not change its mind. And if the amount does happen to be beyond personal limitations, the excess will seek to escape by any means it can. I need not explain that this is generally fatal, depending on the amount of energy in question. Though,” she added, a little smile touching her lips, “I doubt that in your case, Clarence, you would have much trouble absorbing any Spirit sent in your direction.”
“What about deflection, ma’am?” I asked, thinking back to the battle between Selena and Benny in the parking lot, “I heard about an Enforcer batting aside a projectile with a hand. Isn’t that easier than having to redirect or absorb?”
“It is unconventional, but possible,” she responded, “Very dangerous and something best left to those with experience. Though keep in mind it is not the hand batting the energy aside, but a focused clash between external and internal Spirit. The hand, in this case, was charged with Spirit and acting as a buffer. Other questions?”
“No, ma’am.”
“Alright then. Shall we find partners and get started?”
As expected the other Cadets bolted in any direction but one that might take them into my line of sight. I tried not to feel offended and turned to Lotz, shrugging meekly. She let out a tinkling laugh.
“No partner for Clarence?”
A small figure emerged and stepped forward.
“I’m here, ma’am.”
I recognised the girl; blonde hair, tiny frame, face looking like it had escaped a fashion catalogue. Previously Benny had eyed her in the canteen.
“Ah, Anderson,” Lotz said with a smile. “Step up.”
The girl approached with mouth set into a firm pout. The Cadets watched her, as if bearing witness to a person en route to the gallows.
“Looks like you’re the brave one,” I said to her.
She responded with something between a grunt and a scoff.
 “Alright, everyone get started,” Lotz called, “Pitch and catch, catch and pitch. Minimal Spirit, please. Hold your ground and be the conduit.”
The other Cadets paired off and soon the SIZZLE-THUMP of Spirit being caught and redirected ensued. Anderson turned to me.
“Pitching or catching?” she asked.
“Pitching, I guess.”
We moved to our circles and faced each other. Cadets stretched off in rows on either side. The ground trembled as THUMP after THUMP indicated successful redistributions.
“You ready?”
She nodded and braced.
My Spirit was called and a swarm of sparks blossomed into life, creating an irregular, swirling dome. A drop was guided to my fingertip.
“Here it comes,” I called.
The tiny bolt sailed off and Anderson caught it, face screwed up with concentration. The sight, undeniably, reminded me of an adorable high school student attempting to catch a cricket ball.
Sizzle-Thump.
“Well done,” I said, smiling.
She did not return the smile. “What was that?”
“What do you mean?”
“Give me more.”
“Oh. Sure.” 
I summoned a touch more Spirit and let it fly.
Sizzle-Thump.
“Come on! More!” Here voice rose and drew glances. 
A fraction more Spirit added, off it sailed.
Sizzle-Thump!	
“Come on! Why are you holding back? More!”
Her cheeks flushed with anger. Cadets stopped and turned to watch.
“I can’t…” I stammered.
“More!”
I drew up a decent amount of Spirit. It crackled ominously on my fingertip.
“Get ready,” I called out.
“Do it!”
SIZZLE-THUMP.
“More!”
“I can’t! I’ll hurt you!”
She glowered at me, eyes burning a hole in my face and little hands clenched at her sides. A dozen Cadets stared. Finally, face turning tomato red, she turned and stomped out the hall, blonde hair bobbing. The sight was strikingly reminiscent of a teenage girl being sent to her room.
“Alright, keep practicing,” Lotz ordered, “Are we on a break?”
She approached me as the SIZZLE-THUMPS resumed.
“It doesn’t matter the amount of Spirit,” Lotz said privately, “It can all be redirected as long as the person does not try to absorb any. No need to be throwing marshmallows at her.”
“Oh,” I muttered sheepishly, “I wasn’t really thinking. She looks so…”
“Fragile?  I know. Gets her a little over-excited when people notice that.”
“Hard not to notice it. If I’m honest I have trouble imagining her as an Enforcer. Should I go after her?”
“No, never mind. She’ll have to deal with her own little dilemma. But the upside is now you can have me as a partner.”
She backed away into the opposite circle, smile seeming a little more delighted then it should.


CHAPTER 6

Reality Manipulation. It stood as the school of magic with which I had the most trouble. At its base it required the user be familiar with the building blocks of nature, so a fair amount of basic science was involved. But it was not the science that gave me trouble.
Turning water into steam, for example, involved increasing the speed with which microscopic objects moved. And the principal was sound given what I knew about the substances from visual feedback. But since the objects in question were invisible, the technique required a person to envision the molecules then encourage change by applying Spirit.
“By extension your Spirit will imprint the changes to the actual water,” the trainer had said, podgy, rosy cheeked Mister Templeton. His appearance perfectly complemented his cheerful attitude. “Simply visualise, reach out, and imprint that visualisation onto the world.”
“Move you bastards, move,” I growled, eyes squeezed shut and index finger touching a beaker of water. “Move. Please, move!”
Only apologetic wisps of steam were achieved.
As apposed to the other schools of magic Reality Manipulation was largely a theoretical study. This was because performing the magic was not required, only the ability to understand and recognise when such magic was performed illegally. “Still,” Templeton had said, demonstrating at least some ability was required, since; “A person can not be expected to spot an impostor if they don’t know what it is to be one.”
“Move,” I snarled at the beaker, “Move!”
“Visualise, reach out, and imprint,” a voice said. 
Templeton was beside me. A good natured smile lit up his face.
“I’m trying, sir.”
“Molecules cannot be intimidated into moving, Clarence. Having all the Spirit in world won’t make them more submissive.” 
 “I’m sorry, sir,” I replied awkwardly, “I just can’t really seem to get the hang of this.”
“No need to be bashful. Many have trouble with this particular magic.”
I glanced around. Nearby rock was turned into sand and sand into glass, while another female Cadet was mastering turning coal into diamond. The sights did little to ease my feelings of impotence.
“Perhaps the problem is,” he continued, “that you don’t truly believe water is made of molecules.”
“Could be, sir. I’m not sure.”
He nodded thoughtfully. “Did you know, Clarence, that some believe the entire world is nothing but a projection of our will? All of it, every moment of every day, nothing but the extended projection of our will. Rather a liberating thought, wouldn’t you say?”
I considered this. “Can’t see how that would be true, sir. Wouldn’t everyone be living in mansions and driving overpriced sports cars?” 
“Is that so?” He threw back his head and laughed. “Is that what you would want, Clarence, given the time to think it through properly? A mansion and a Porsche?”
The face of Liza Clarence floated in my head. “No, I guess not, sir. Now that I think about it.”
“Let’s do a little experiment, shall we?”
“Of course, sir.”
“Fine.” He cleared his throat. “Clarence, I’m afraid I cannot give you a passing grade. Not with the dismal amounts of white gas rising off your water. I shall have to fail you.”
“Sir, I know the theory…”
“You will have to improve your Reality Manipulation performance. Or show me some other way you are capable.”
My mind raced. “A friend of mine can perform the Flame from Fingertips spell, sir. He’s said he could teach me.”
“I see. Yes, Self Deceit is a branch of Reality Manipulation. If you can learn that Spell I will be convinced you deserve a passing grade.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“There you are,” he said, beaming, “You just visualised. All that remains is to complete the process by reaching out and imprinting your will on the world. You are one third of the way to creating reality with nothing but intention alone.”
“I understand your point, sir, of course. But I’m not sure that’s the same as turning water into steam.”
“On the contrary, Clarence. It’s far more impressive. The real trick is to be discerning about what you visualise.”
He gave me another smile, hearty pat on the shoulder, and waddled off.
I stood for a moment staring at my beaker of water. The notion seemed vague and conflicting, but I tried to consider it might possibly be true; that finding my mother was as simple as willing it into existence. It was appealing and I let part of myself take comfort. But it all felt alarmingly similar to begging for results from some aloof higher power.
Resolving to give the concept at least some credibility I visualised my mother’s face in the beaker, looking up at me with a defiant expression. I held it there, concentrating on fleshing out details until the picture resembled a floating photograph.
Visualise, reach out, and imprint.
“I’ll find you,” I muttered to the face.
But somehow it was wrong. I changed the image, morphing her expression into one of growing concern. It seemed to fit the picture better and I smiled. But all at once the face vanished and was replaced by that of Benny.
Yes, this was perhaps a more pressing and immediate concern. Asking Benny for anything at the moment seemed a risky venture, least of all assistance in learning a flame creation spell. The events of the previous night had been an alarm bell, one so loud it had certainly been heard clear across the city in the halls of every Magical Detention Centre. 
But no, I reasoned. It was an alarm bell he of all people would also have heard, loud and clear. He of all people, a specialist in the field, would certainly understand the risks and act accordingly.
I would ask him to teach me the spell and I had no doubt he would oblige.
Visualise…

*****

Next it was back to Defence and Countermeasures, and my second surprise for the day. Delaney was not only on time but had cleared the hall for practical lessons. The other Cadets were already pairing up, Anderson glimpsed among them. 
Quickly realising where the situation was headed I made a desperate attempt and approached a few Cadets, but they walked immediately in the opposite direction. The last two paired off and I looked at Delaney. He smiled and gestured for me to join him.
“I see you have your Active status,” he said.
“I do, sir, yes.”
“Well done.”
“Thank you, sir.”
He eyed me for a moment, then turned and addressed the others.
“What makes you afraid?’ he asked, looking around at sombre faces. “That is a question to which you are all going to give much thought today. There are a few common culprits relied upon by many when answering this question, and indeed spiders, snakes, cockroaches and rats seem like a logical answer, at least to the average person. And yes, I suppose creepy crawlies are effective at least an acceptable percentage of the time, but they cannot be relied on. Why is this?”
He pointed to a random Cadet.
“Not everyone is afraid of creepy crawlies, sir,” the Cadet replied.
“Correct. These things address only surface fears; ones that may be overcome. It is, after all, useless to attempt scaring a person who works with insects for a living with images of spiders. And, in fact, some may even feel you are presenting them with a gourmet buffet. Certain groups of Venezuelans, for example, are known to hunt and eat large spiders. However,” he paused for emphasis, eyes moving from face to face, “Understand that just a few small details can make a spider terrifying even to an entomologist and you begin to embrace the true nature of primal fear.”
 There was a murmur of interest.
“Are you fond of dogs, Clarence,” he said, gaze returning to me.
“Yes, sir.”
“Why?” 
It was something I had never given much thought. “I guess because they’re cute and friendly, sir.”
“Indeed, dogs are cute, which is odd when you consider many have enormous teeth that would easily crush your throat. But they also wag their tails when they are happy, whimper when they are anxious, and growl when they are threatened. Which other animal acts in similar ways?”
I shrugged. “Wolves?”
“Human beings,” he said wearily, “We share not only the same emotions as dogs, but express them in unmistakably similar ways. It is the recognition of these human qualities that make dogs such beloved companions. The fact that they are fluffy and enjoy being petted indeed helps. But, how can a dog, previously so adored, become something not only unsettling, but terrifying?”
My mind threw up an image of a snarling dog, teeth bared. “When it intends us harm, sir.”
He nodded. “Yes, a random angry dog is indeed scary in a survival instinct sort of way. But imagine this dog has been your pet for a decade, only to suddenly turn feral and attack you without restraint.” He turned to a female Cadet. “Would this be more or less terrifying than if it were a stray dog met in the street?”
“More,” the girl said.
“And why is that?”
“I’m not sure, sir. Because the animal is a friend turned enemy?”
“Exactly, my dear,” he said, smiling, “Something that has already been associated with human qualities, suddenly stripped of them, is an assault to our very natures. So wired are we to recognise sentient attributes that we see faces in clouds where there are none, and so wired are we to respond to certain sounds that almost all act in a similar fashion to a crying baby or fellow human in distress. Do you all understand?”
There was general nodding.
“Good. You will find that the opposite is likewise true, that bestowing recognisable characteristics on objects that have no business being human are equally unsettling. You may point out that a singing teapot once captured your heart in an animated film, but you will find that much has been done to make that teapot more human then inanimate object. Think instead of the discomfort felt around mannequins, and then imagine how delightful it would be if that mannequin blinked its eyes and addressed you by your first name.”
He turned to me again. “So, how would you make a spider terrifying to an entomologist, Clarence?’
I thought for a second. “I guess I would make the spider cry like a human baby, sir.”
“Yes, Clarence,” he agreed. “The image of a spider, a real one, not animated to be more human then insect, crying like a human baby as it writhed in agony is deeply unsettling. Even a person who has spent time being acquainted with spiders would agree. And thus one of the primal weak points in the human mind is exposed. There are others, of course, loss of basic sense in the world, such as up and down being switched, but this being the accelerated class I will touch on this only briefly.” 
“What about Body Horror?” a Cadet spoke up.
Delaney frowned. “Body Horror is an outlawed technique for a reason, Cadet. Very simply, because it can, and often does, result in lasting mental trauma for targets. Only humane alternatives are utilised by the D.O.M, techniques that handicap temporarily. But trust me when I say these techniques are more than effective when used correctly. So then, shall we get in some practical experience, Cadets?” 
He again turned to me, a smile stretching from cheek to cheek.
“Here we are again, Clarence. Are you prepared to defend against my attack this time?”
 I felt my tongue dart out and apply moisture to dry lips. “I’ll do my best, sir.”
The Cadets craned their necks as Delaney fixed me with a look of determination. I took a breath and delved inward, rapidly attempting to secure my Place of Calm as vertigo descended.
‘Holy shit he’s fast,’ my brain commented indignantly.
For thirty seconds nothing more occurred. Delaney stared with an unflinching gaze. The Cadets watched on. There was silence.
‘Not this time,’ I told myself, ‘Not this time. I can wait as long as you can.’
The vertigo deepened. I remained focused. More time ticked by. Delaney continued to stare.
 It gradually dawned that the surrounding silence was strange; disorientating, somehow too thick and complete. Unnatural. I could not hear a cough or throat clearing from the Cadets, nor even the distant sounds of activity in other halls of the Academy. As I registered this anomaly another sensation began to take hold. Detachment. I was somehow out of place, in the hall but not part of it. A new thought immediately followed; I was dreaming. Damn it, I was dreaming. Probably on the floor in the real world, unconscious while the Cadets stared down at me in silent pity. That son of a bitch Delaney, somehow he had disabled me and I hadn’t even seen it coming. 
My eyes darted from Delaney to the Cadets. They were indeed still present. However, there was something strange about the cluster of deadpan faces, as if they were not looking at me, but through me.
It was then I noticed the hall was larger. And in fact appeared to be expanding in size. But, alarmingly, every time I tried to process how much larger it was by comparing its space to my own perceived size, I realised that in fact it was not expanding at all; I was getting smaller.
My brow furrowed. I fought to maintain logic under the barrage of disorientation. I returned my gaze to Delaney and my heart lurched. Where he had stood was now a glistening female body; pale, bloated, and with skin sagging like crumpled plastic sheeting. A gawking face loomed at me, glassy eyes imitating those of a dead fish. White hands clawed for my face.
But the shock lasted only a second; calm was maintained. Anyone watching a few modern horror movies had seen more disturbing, and in fact part of me was even a little disappointed.
“This all you got?” I muttered. “What happened to crying spiders?”
Then something happened. 
For the briefest moment I could have sworn it was Liza Clarence bearing down on me, and not a generic female zombie. The way the brow wrinkled just so, and the eyes; didn’t they have a striking resemblance…
The flame was in my stomach, raising its head and snapping with bared teeth at a cage door. A slumbering beast roused from temporary lethargy.
I realised I was backing away.
 But… the hole in her cheek. A black hole oozing pink liquid. It was not Liza Clarence, it was Brent. His eyes stared off in opposite directions, air whistling through the moist hole.
Wait. The black hair, delicate mole below the corner of the mouth, potent brown eyes. It wasn’t Brent; it was Selena; hands reaching with murderous intent.
Angry black roots shot out and buried themselves in my head. Vertigo crashed in from all directions like a tidal wave. I was terrified. 
My brain yammered, screaming at me that Brent was my demon, and not Benny’s, that I would have a second ghoul to deal with. And I deserved it, had earned it. A demon of Pout, Sunglasses and Conrad would soon follow, perhaps one of Selena, and they would haunt me until I snapped and melted into screaming insanity.
 But no…
In a Herculean effort some brave part of me rose up and breached the chaos like a life preserver.
It’s not Brent… it’s not Selena…it’s not Liza Clarence…
…it was not any of these people, I knew. It was a zombie dreamed up from the mind of Delaney.
I took a deep breath and fought against adrenalin that flushed into my limbs. The black tentacles were seized and pushed away. 
 The creature took a shuffling step forward. Its glistening hands clawed at the space where my face would be. Its mouth opened and I braced, anticipating a discordant zombie groan. But the sound that emerged instead was the shriek of a housecat in distress. 
“Oh God, Critter,” I muttered.
 The poor fat feline. He hadn’t deserved it. He hadn’t deserved what I had done to him. Twice.
The creature took another step forward and moist fingertips touched my face. Critter’s shriek warped and transformed into words.
“Jet, mommy loves you. How could you ever doubt mommy loves you…?”
I reeled. My Place of Calm shattered and the black tentacles slithered in to ensnare my brain. The flame burst from its cage and went shrieking about my head like a banshee. But the ghoul did not desist. The voice emerged again.
“Jet. Partner. Help me…”
It reached for me. Wet fingers fumbled at my cringing face. I felt my legs go out and body hit the ground. I braced, ready to fend off another attack, breath hissing between teeth.
But only Delaney was looking down at me, his grin so smug you would have sworn he was receiving a standing ovation.
“Catch you off guard again, Clarence?”

*****

I blinked and looked around, heart still hammering and sweat dripping from my chin. To my right the Cadets were once again gaping.
The flame; it was still rampaging around my skull. It stomped its feet, thrashed around on the floor, wailing and crying, demanding, give me, give me, now, now! 
I bowed my head and drew in deep, slow breaths. ‘Push it back, get the cage up, smother the heat. Done it before, do it again. There we go. Into the cage, shut your mouth. Leave me alone.’
My heart began to slow and the heat subsided. Steel bars clanked into place. The flame, giving one last howl, curled up and resumed its slumber.
When my eyes opened I realised one of my hands was massaging the wrist of the other. I stopped it. Delaney extended a hand, expression now casual. But I could only stare at it, uncomprehending. 
“Shake it off, Clarence,” he said. “Another rather dismal failure. But at least you’ve shown progress. Some attempt at defence is better then none at all.”
I composed myself and stood, ignoring his hand. Indignance rose from me like steam.
“That was uncalled for,” I muttered.
“Beg your pardon, Clarence?”
“I feel that was uncalled for, sir.”
His eyes hardened. “Is that so, Clarence?”
“Yes, sir,” I retorted, holding the gaze, “those images are particularly disturbing to me, sir.”
“You think the common magical criminal cares about what is and isn’t disturbing to you, Clarence?”
“It’s not the common criminal I’m worried about at this moment, sir. I feel perhaps you enjoy making me scream in front the other Cadets, just a bit more then you aim to actually teach me defence techniques.”
His eyes widened. “The only thing you should be worrying about, Cadet, is that I have disabled you twice in as many days! Besides which, whatever images you did or did not see were generated by your own mind, and not mine. As is the nature of this particular attack!”
“Oh.” I deflated. “You might have perhaps told me that beforehand. So I could have been prepared, sir. At the very least.”
The hall fell into thick silence. The Cadets watched. Gradually Delaney’s face softened and his eyes fell to the floor.
“Perhaps you are right, Clarence. Would you like to visit the Mental Wellness Centre?”
 “No, sir.”
He nodded and turned to the other Cadets. “Show’s over. Everyone get busy. Spread out, take it in turns, attack and defend. Attackers; draw up a specific image and force it on your opponent. Defenders; resist the image, stay calm and don’t panic.” The Cadets moved to obey and he turned back to me. “Care to go again, Clarence? I will push upon you only specific images. The previous you saw will not return.”
“I think I’ll need a few minutes, sir.”
“Very well. Understandable. How about you attempt attacking and I’ll show you a successful defend?” His voice was genuine. “I’m rather skittish around bees. Perhaps you could utilise that?”
 I shook my head. “Thank you, sir. I’ll just observe.”
“As you wish.”
I spent the rest of the training session watching as Cadets took turns assaulting each others minds. Once or twice came a random yelp of fright, but each was followed by embarrassed laughter. It was soon clear that achieving Delaney’s level of horror required skill in abundance. When the lesson ended I turned to follow the others as they exited but Delaney was at my side.
“A shock to the system, isn’t it, Clarence? Seeing your personal horrors laid out before you so clearly.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Now you’ve experienced it, you are aware of your own weaknesses and understand how to better stay strong. That is the worst it can be, and there is no enhanced preparation I can offer. Though, this is the Accelerated Program, and we did not have the time to do so subtly. But that’s why you’re here, aren’t you, Clarence?”
“Yes, sir. I understand your point.”
He hesitated, clearing his throat. “Would you like to know what really scares me? I do indeed prefer to stay clear of bees, though.”
“If you would like to tell me, sir.”
“I tried a total of seven times to be accepted into the Accelerated Program, Clarence. On the eighth they didn’t even officially announce my rejection; the trainer simply pointed to the door. Not that they didn’t have room, you understand. The whole class was only five Cadets back then. I simply didn’t make the grade, and I accepted that.”
I shrugged, unsure of how to respond. “That’s unfortunate, sir.”
“Not at all, Clarence. Today I’m training that same Accelerated Program and proud to be doing so. In fact, I consider it an honour that I am recognised to have trained many of the finest specialists and Commanders that this city’s Departments have to offer. It would be embarrassing to me, Clarence, if someone less than fit passed through my hands and into a prominent position. Do you understand?”
“I do, sir.”
“Good.”
“Does that mean I don’t deserve a fair chance, sir? Is my competence not determined by an evaluation?” 
He turned on me, face made of cold steel. “Of course. Everyone fairly admitted to the Accelerated Program deserves a fair evaluation. That’s how an Academic institute works.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“I’m glad we understand each other. You’re dismissed.”


CHAPTER 7

I had lunch alone in the canteen, drank my coffee, and headed to a lecture on ‘the importance of the Enforcer uniform.’ It did not turn out to be the most riveting two hours of my life, listening in silence as a large middle aged woman droned on, but it did turn out the Enforcer uniform was more involved then I had given it credit for.
 “Your uniform is loud, flamboyant and striking, as I’m sure you have all noticed. Yes?”
There were chuckles and murmurs of agreement.
“Why is this? Because the Department Of Magic enjoys being the height of international fashion? No, because an Enforcer needs to be noticed and always the centre of attention. A large part of your job, you see, is to reinforce authority and discipline, reminding those who might be tempted to stray from the path that a pair of eyes is always watching. You in this room are therefore a symbol, an extension of the D.O.M, and where you go the citizens of the city must see you.” She paused for effect; spectacled eyes sweeping the room. “There is no other uniform that looks similar, and none so unique in design, being more eye-catching then the police uniform, military uniform, and even navy uniform. But perhaps not so much as the more flamboyant religions.”
More chuckles. 
I rolled the notion around in my head and sighed. Being a ‘symbol of authority’ seemed synonymous for drawing general distaste from the world, in my own opinion.
“And thus is the inherent magic of the Enforcer uniform,” the woman continued, “Being a magnet for eyes and conveying a message to all who look, without a word spoken or drop of Spirit spent. And, in turn, likewise laying a platform upon which you may work, appealing to the universal sense of hierarchy and finding access into the world of citizens where it would otherwise have been denied. In short; your uniform is a reliable ally.”
Glances were shared among the Cadets, some proud, others terrified.
 “Be warned though, the uniform is a fickle magic. Expensive fabric and gold buttons cannot camouflage a weak disposition, and so the spell will work only if the wearer is radiating an aura of confidence. Do you all understand? When that uniform touches your body respond by adopting the posture of a king, and the citizens of this world will respect you.”
In the last fifteen minutes of the lecture a note was delivered by an Academy runner. It read;

Manipulation and Influence Room 2 after class.
Don’t be late.
B.

The lecture was dismissed and I went at a fast walk to Room 2. Benny stood waiting.
“Enforcer Kingston.”
“Cadet Clarence. Are you ready?”
“I’m ready. But before we go in.” I hesitated. “Look, I know the favours are starting to stack up at this time…”
“Go on.”
“I need you to teach me the flame from fingertips spell.”
…reach out…
“Sounds like a noble pursuit. Any particular reason?”
“The Reality Manipulation trainer. He’s accepting it as a passing grade on my Basics.”
“I see,” He raised a mocking eyebrow. “Failing to meet the standards are we, Cadet? Getting a compromise?”
I shrugged. “Apparently I don’t believe water is made of molecules.”
“Who does? Yes I’ll teach you. Later. Take a couple of minutes at most.”
“Thanks.”
“No problem. Let’s focus on Linda’s brain; one favour at a time.” He jerked his thumb at the Manipulation Hall doors. “We’re doing a bit of extra practice. You’re concerned about your Basics and I’m helping.”
I nodded. “Got it.”
“Alright. Once you’ve made contact ask the girl your questions and then just follow the threads. It’s as easy as that.”
“Ask questions, follow threads. Got it.”
“Gently, Jet. Ask the questions gently. Don’t push it, or it’ll all go south very quickly.’
“I know; I heard the safety briefing. What are the symptoms she’s getting freaked out?”
“Common sense. You’ll know it when you see it.” He paused and frowned. “I know it’s important to you, Jet, but if you don’t find what you’re looking for then get the hell out of there. We can always try again. Just do not mess with that girl. Understand me? The damage can be irreversible.”
“Yes, understood.”
“Good. Then follow me.”
“Wait.” I hesitated. ‘I felt a bit weird last time I was in there…’
“You felt a bit weird? Please, elaborate.”
“Not sure. There was a sound. A sort of presence in the air.”
He stared, deadpan. “You’re telling me this now? We’re standing outside, two seconds from stepping through the door, and this is when you choose to tell me?”
“It was probably just nerves. I saw Linda; got a little unsettled. Look, forget I even mentioned it.”
“You just mentioned it. It’s a bit beyond me to forget at this point. Weird how?”
I sighed. “I’m fine. Christ sakes, have I ever told you being Class 5 feel’s incredibly similar to the world thinking I’m made of glass?  Just forget it. Let’s get this done.”
His eyes narrowed, but he turned and pushed open the doors.
Inside the staff was gearing for the night shift, switching off main lights and replacing the primary team with a skeleton crew. I would not have thought the place could get creepier, but lo and behold with the extremities of the hall now lost in perpetual gloom, a whole new level of unsettling was achieved.
“Getting in some last minute practice, Clarence?” a nurse called. Her voice lingered in the echoing depths.
“That’s right.”
“Well good on you,” she said cheerfully, “Diligence is always rewarded.”
“Thank you. I hope so.”
“Which bed is hers,” Benny whispered.
I gestured to Linda’s motionless body and we approached. In the low light she too managed to achieve a doubly ghoulish appearance.
“Jesus, she looks horrible.” I muttered.
“Her and everyone else in here,” he replied, “No time for that. You can file a complaint on your own time. Get busy. And respect the clicks, Jet. Don’t tip any dominoes.”
“Yes, I remember the clicks.”
“Are you feeling any degrees of weird at the present time?”
“No.”
“Then proceed.”
I took a position standing over Linda. The details of her gaunt features became gradually clearer as my focus intensified.
I was standing in the Sushi Palace, though the atmosphere was strikingly morbid for a notoriously upbeat place. There was not a customer to be seen among the tablecloth dressed tables, nor a waiter entering or exiting the kitchen. And, most disturbing of all, even the all-you-can-eat buffet lacked its usual cluster of patrons.
A sound drew my attention from a nearby table. I turned and spotted Linda, her back towards me and shoulders chugging with an unseen action.
“Linda?”
She did not respond. 
I approached, nerves singing. Her very presence in the unnatural location felt like coming upon a formally dressed butler in a seedy alley; alarmingly surreal.
“Linda, can you hear me?” 
Her face came into view as I rounded the table. It was, at least, a relief that the skeletal creature had been left behind in the bed. Standing before me was a Linda content and healthy; gaunt cheeks replaced by pink versions of themselves. A glance down revealed her small hands occupied with the task of polishing silverware. 
I watched and waited, wondering when the right moment was to take action in such situations. Not surprisingly, however, upon polishing the last knife to a mirror shine the girl started over from step one, picking up a fork and creating a new pile.
“Where is Liza Clarence?” I whispered.
Her hands froze in motion. Both eyes spun up to focus on empty space beside my head. 
“What?!” she squeaked.
“Where is Liza Clarence?”
 She looked towards the kitchen. “Mrs. Clarence?!”
“I’m here, Linda,” came my mother’s voice.
My eyes focused on the double doors. It had been many months since I had heard my mother speak, and the mere sound sent a jolt of energy to the flame. It released a furious barrage of snapping at the cage door.
“I’m cleaning the silverware, Mrs. Clarence!” Linda declared proudly. 
“Good girl,” the voice replied. Calm, soothing. “We must have clean silverware for our customers.”
“Yes, Mrs. Clarence!”
Reassured Linda smiled and continued with the endless task at hand.
 “No, not here, Linda. Not in the Sushi Palace. Where did she go after the Sushi Palace?”
The girl’s brow furrowed. “Where did she go?!”
“Yes, Linda. Where did she go after?”
She turned to the kitchen doors again, panic flushing into her cheeks. “Where are you, Mrs. Clarence?!”
“I’m right here, Linda.”
“Go to her,” I whispered.
“Go to her?!”
“Yes, now. Show me where she is.”
Linda hesitated; face screwing up as her brain wrestled with the apparently daunting notion. “Should I come to you, Mrs. Clarence?! Do you need me?!”
“She needs you,” I said.
“Okay!”
The girl abandoned her silverware and headed for the kitchen doors. In response the world around us shifted, flickering and easing outwards as a spell was released.
 I moved to follow, bolstering the cage in preparation for an encounter with my projected mother. But, beyond the doors was not a kitchen. Instead I found myself in a place that can only be described as ‘abstract.’ Every surface seemed stitched together from dozens of other locations. The walls were a patchwork of wood, plaster, red brick and even blocks of ice, while the floor was littered with fragments of furniture, each having been sheared off to fit into a mishmash of floor designs. 
“Mrs. Clarence?!” Linda called out, ‘I’m here! Do you need me?!’
“Why aren’t you with me?” The voice asked, dripping with disappointment. “You were supposed to come, Linda. Don’t you remember?”
“I remember!” the girl squeaked eagerly, “I remember! But I couldn’t! I can’t! I’m stuck, Mrs. Clarence! I couldn’t make it!”
“Why aren’t you with me, Linda? You where supposed to come.”
I glanced around. But the voice seemed to be drifting from everywhere at once.
“Where were you supposed to go?” I whispered into Linda’s ear.
“Where am I supposed to go?!” She was looking ever more anxious, lips trembling and tears welling in her eyes. “I’m supposed to go…’ she trailed off, eyes glazing, “To the white wall!”
“Why aren’t you here, Linda?” My mother’s voice crooned.
“I need to get to the white wall!” Linda declared, “I need to get to the white wall!”
“What white wall?” I asked, “Where is it?”
“I need to get to the white wall!” she said again, voice rising and hands clenching into fists.
“Go,” I said, “Go to it!”
There was a sensation of the world being caught up in heavy winds. My hair blasted flat against my scalp, blazer fluttered, and the walls of the room were torn up and sent scattering like playing cards. 
When the wind died down we stood in a field of knee high yellow grass, stretching off as far as the eye could see. Above, striped with cloud ribbons, sat an immaculate blue sky.
“I’m here!” Linda called out, “I’m here, Mrs. Clarence!”
I turned to follow her line of sight and saw a white brick and plaster wall, standing eight feet high and twelve long. The structure was not attached to any building, had no distinguishing features, and seemed to serve no real purpose. Linda, however, stared as if the secret to eternal youth was etched in the rough white surface.
“Mrs. Clarence?!”
There was no response bar gentle wind that slashed through swaying grass.
“I’m here, Mrs. Clarence!” she called out, louder. “Mrs. Clarence?!” 
A minute ticked by. Eventually her enthusiasm began to drain, face melting into a mask of defeat. The wind tousled her blonde hair restlessly.
 At last she hung her head and shuffled forward, crouching, adjusting her skirt, and sitting with back against the wall. Tears began to creep down pink cheeks.
I watched. This was what the smiling, giggling Linda had been reduced to, the girl that had assaulted my ears with her shrill voice, had loved her job so fiercely it had been painful to witness. This was what had been left behind. 
She drew up her knees and the little body began to shudder with sobs. I stepped forward and stooped beside her, resisting a compulsion to brush blonde hair from her face. Around us the gentle wind whistled as it again teased the grass.
“I’ll get you out of here,” I whispered, “You don’t deserve this, Linda.”
Her eyes darted up and focused on my face. She recognised me.
“Jet?! Is that you?!”
“Linda…?”
Gold cracks sprang across the white wall, originating from behind her back and twisting outwards like vines. I reeled and jumped back.
“Jet?!” She reached out to me, eyes pleading. “Where am I, Jet?! It’s so lonely here! Won’t you stay with me for a while?! Won’t you stay for a bit and talk?!”
“I can’t, Linda. I’m sorry…”
The cracks thickened and expanded, consuming the wall. Plaster began to shed like dead leaves.
“Why, Jet?! Stay with me…”
My mind raced. “Linda, our guests need clean silverware.”
“What?!”
“You heard me. Our guests need clean silverware! Quickly now!”
 Her face relaxed. Around us the yellow grass lay flat as if under an enormous weight. The world stretched and warped; paints on a canvas becoming spontaneously fluid. 
We were back in the Sushi Palace.
Linda stood, crossed to a table and picked up a knife. Her shoulders began to chug as she initiated the polishing ritual, a ritual that would likely last until her final days on Earth.

*****

“Jet…?” Benny was looking at me. “Find anything?”
I gasped in a breath. Patterns were blinked from my eyes.
“I’m not sure,” I replied, “Christ that poor girl, Benny. Poor Linda.”
“Focus, Jet. Did you ask? Did she know where your mother was?”
“No. I don’t think so. A white wall. Something about a white wall. She was obsessed with getting to it.”
“A white wall?” He frowned, thinking. “It’s a failsafe. An ingrained order to be carried out in case of a certain situation. In this case, I’m guessing, as a result of being separated from your mother. There was not a clear image of where this white wall was?”
“No. Unless it’s in an impossibly big grassy field. She doesn’t know?”
“She has to know. Otherwise the order would be pointless. The location is in there somewhere, it’s just a matter of finding it. But God knows how many bizarre spells that girl is crawling with, based on what I know about your mother and her general lack of giving a shit.” He paused. His eyes lit up. “Something occurs to me, Jet. Tell about this weird sensation again. Do you feel it now?”
I looked around. “Not at the moment. But I told you…”
“And did those feeling start at around about the same time Linda arrived?”
“I’m not sure, I only just realised she was here recently.” I looked at the clipboard on the foot of her bed for the ‘date of admittance.’ “Yes I guess it was about the same time. You think…?”
“This girl pitches up, play-thing of your deranged mother, and you’re feeling weird sensations. I’m not sure. But two unusual events that coincide are not an accident, in my general experience. Not where magic is concerned. No one else felt this weird presence?”
“No, it didn’t seem like it.”
 “Your Linda is the carrier of a Crowd Surfing spell, I think.” He squinted thoughtfully. “She’s probably spreading it across this entire hall like a plague.”
“I might have been daydreaming during that particular class.”
“SME, Spontaneously Multiplying Entity. Crowd Surfing. It’s the only spell that operates on such a low, unfocused level. The general rule of thumb is that if a Spell is too weak to detect it’s not worth noticing at all. The vast majority of people don’t even know they’re in the presence of one. Or incubating one, for that matter. It’s a completely harmless spell for the most part, and in the case of fortified minds, like Enforcers, it doesn’t even register.”
“I’m detecting this spell?”
“So it would seem. And unintentionally as well, you wacky phenomenon. Even specialists have to really go digging to pick one up.”
There was a sudden loud THUMP from the double doors, shattering the ambience. I turned to see a new bed emerging into the hall. It was wheeled by a volunteer Cadet.
“New arrival!” he announced brightly.
The nurse moved to assist. She shook her head at him. “How rude. I told you not to do that.”
“Well I’m sorry to infect your sanctuary of gloom with my sunny disposition, nurse.”
My attention returned to Benny.
“So I’m detecting a harmless spell. I’m overjoyed. What does it all mean?”
He shrugged. “She could have picked it up anywhere. I don’t think it means anything. But at least you don’t have to worry about weird sensations. You’re welcome.”
I nodded. “Well that is a relief. So what do we do? About the white wall, I mean.”
“There is nothing to be done at the exact moment. You can take another crack at finding your white wall in her little foggy brain, but it’s going to be tricky for a number of reasons. She should rest now anyway. Can’t go stomping around inside her mind like it’s a playground.”
“Right.” I bowed my head, trying to banish lingering images of Linda sitting with back to the wall, tears coursing down her cheeks. “God, she’s so sad, Benny. I want to help.”
“I know, buddy.” His voice softened. “Nothing you or I can do about that. Not without specialised Rehabilitation training and a whole heap of time. Any attempt to help her would likely just make the whole damn thing worse. It’s a tangled mess in there, you saw it. The same for every person’s mind. Pull a thread here and tie a neat little bow, and little did you know that same thread has snapped two miles up the line. That’s the way the clicks work. Just let this place do what tax payers fund it to do.”
“This place? You know what the success rate is in this place…?”
“No. And I don’t want to know, Jet. It’s some chance, and that’s as good as anyone is going to get. You said the same for Selena.”
“You can help her, Benny. I know you can.”
“You don’t understand how it works. You’re asking a casual electrician to repair an unstable nuclear power plant.”
“Benny…”
My words were cut off as Linda’s body jerked on the bed. Our heads turned in unison.
“Did you see that?” I muttered.
“Yes.” He raised a hand and looked over his shoulder. “Nurse?”
A figure emerged and hurried over.
“You boys a bit rough with Blondie here?” she clucked.
“Linda,” I muttered.
“What?”
“Her name is Linda.”
“Yes, excuse me, Linda.”
Linda jerked again, back arching off the bed and mouth yawning open.
“Oh dear. I’ll have to give her a little something. Step back, please.”
We did so and a syringe appeared in the nurse’s hand. Seconds later Linda was once again motionless.
“This been happening a lot lately?” Benny asked.
“More then usual,’ the nurse replied, face tired, ‘It’s a little strange, if I’m being honest. At least for me, but then I’m new. The doctors and Specialists say it’s nothing to worry about and will pass in its own time.”
“Yes. Let them know I think Blondie is the carrier of the Crowd Surfing spell. If it helps them at all.”
“Oh. Yes, thank you, I’ll let them know.”
“And a great job you’re doing, if I may say.”
She shrugged. “Thank you.”
Benny paused, thinking, then his most award winning smile was blasting her full in the face. “What time do you get off work?”
She blushed and tucked hair nervously behind an ear. My heart sank.
“Oh, well, I’d love to,” she stammered, “But I won’t be off duty until at least 5AM.”
“That is a shame. Another time?”
“Yes.  Maybe.”
“Have a good night then.”
We turned and headed for the double doors.
“What the hell are you doing?” I whispered.
“What?”
“You know what.”
“It won’t happen again.”
“Benny, for Christ’s sake…”
“It won’t. You have my word.”
I let it drop and we fell into silence, leaving only the sound of our echoing footsteps.


CHAPTER 8

It was early evening when we headed for the residence of Gloria Stephania. An event for which I held curiosity and dread in equal amounts, since part of me fully expected the woman to be flying around on a broomstick, cackling as she threw flaming jack o’ lanterns at passing children.
“So, the files we saw in Selena’s hotel room,” Benny spoke up, his Enforcer medals glowing in the headlights of an oncoming vehicle.
“Yes. News?”
He nodded. “Put in a request for the files. They turned up missing, of course.”
“So she stole them. How?”
“That’s the really interesting part. They weren’t stolen, per se. They were checked out three weeks ago and never returned. CCTV footage showed a woman walk right into the D.O.M., passed dozens of Enforcers, straight into the Records Department and asked for the files in person. No one even looked in her direction, despite the fact she was wearing a hood. And, at one point, she even cut right between two people in mid-conversation. The level of confidence, concentration, raw talent and luck were unbelievable. I swear, Jet, if you ever meet someone who tells you magic isn’t an art form, they should see this shit. It’s called Ghosting.”
“Never heard of it.”
“Illegal, of course, and most of the few hundred odd people capable of doing it are in various Magical Detention Centres around the world. Those on file, anyway. Sure there are any number of people out there who never registered the ability.”
“So Selena can perform this Ghosting business?”
He shrugged. “No idea. Wouldn’t think she’s capable of something like that. Not exactly in her M.O. Wanna hear the really cool part about the whole thing though? The person signed the log book with the words ‘Ignore me.’”
“That is cute.”
“Right?” he agreed, grinning radiantly, “I do appreciate a person with a sense of humour.” 
We arrived outside the residence of Gloria Stephania just after 7PM. The house was of a surprisingly modest size, located in a neat but not particularly grand neighbourhood. Upon entering the gate, however, I saw indications of what I had expected.
 The small garden virtually glowed with healthy green grass and exploded with fireworks displays of flowering plants. A little pond, glittering in the faded sun, housed a family of fish so fat I feared they might drown under their own weight. The house itself could have been painted the previous day, and even the green wall-climbing vines were immaculate.
Benny turned to me before pressing the brass doorbell.
“Ready?”
I nodded.
“Alright. Let me do the talking.”
The doorbell made a pleasant ‘ding dong’ and a few moments later the varnished wooden door swung open. Before us stood Gloria Stephania. Part of me was disappointed.
She had obviously been beautiful once upon a time, but now as she approached her seventies that beauty had waned. Her desperate attempts to cling to it, however, were not serving her well, and even on a woman thirty years younger the excess of makeup and jewellery would have seemed excessive.
“Hello, gentlemen,” she said, her accent mirroring Selena’s, “Please, enter.”
We stepped inside. 
The interior of the house sparkled. There was not a single surface or decorative item that did not seem to have been polished moments ago. And, considering the way the woman behaved in the presence of guests, it might well have been. Her every action seemed rehearsed.
“Right this way,” she said, gesturing into a living area.
We followed and sank into a broad leather coach. Around us the room seemed annoyed we were daring to sully its flawlessness with our presence.
“So, gentlemen,” she said, slipping into the single couch across from us, “how may I help?”
“Thank you for seeing us,” Benny began, “you have a lovely home, Mrs. Stephania.”
She smiled. “Thank you.”
“We’re here about your daughter, Selena.”
“So you’ve said on the phone. I’m ready to assist in any way I can.”
“Thank you. Do you perhaps have any idea where she might be at the present time?”
At this she paused, studying us. I noted with very little surprise that her sitting posture also mirrored Selena’s; perfect.
“I’m not sure,” she answered at length, “But I find it interesting that this is the focus of your attention.”
“Why is that?”
“I thought perhaps you might be extending more effort into the possibility she has been falsely convicted.”
Benny managed to remain expressionless. “I beg your pardon?”
“She filed for an appeal, did she not?”
“Yes, ma’am. And that appeal was considered and denied. What reasons do you have for questioning the validity of this denial?”
“A mother’s intuition. I believe Selena escaped custody in an attempt to pursue her own case.”
“That may be so, ma’am,” Benny replied, “But it is not our job to question convictions or denials.”
“What is your job, Enforcer?”
“Finding your daughter. And it is rather urgent, since she is a dangerous woman that needs to be brought into custody as soon as possible.’
“Whose job is it to ensure that convictions are accurate?” Her expression remained neutral.
“Not ours. If you would like more specific information please contact the Department Of Magic. Now, please ma’am, any information on her whereabouts would be appreciated.”
“I told you, I’m not sure. And frankly my confidence in the D.O.M is not first-rate at this time. To whom can I speak about a second appeal on her conviction?”
Benny looked at me and nodded. His cool exterior had finally melted. I sighed and returned the nod.
“When last did you see Selena?” I asked her.
Her gaze turned to me and we made eye contact. Benny stood and began his sweep of the house…
“Where is Selena?” I whispered, “Where is Selena?”
The front door opened and Selena, early twenties, stepped through. Her motions reflected a concerted effort to be silent. But it was in vain.
“Where have you been,” a voice snapped out to greet her.
I turned and saw a younger Gloria seated in a chair, arms crossed and mouth set into a fierce pout.
Crossed signals; too far back by rather a large margin. I leaned to whisper into Gloria’s ear but hesitated. Something made me stick around, the obvious culprit being a flutter that had again found its way into my stomach.
“Mami,” Selena yelped in response.
“Where have you been,” Gloria repeated.
“I told you, I went to a movie with Brandi.”
“Then you’ll be interested to know Brandi called earlier looking for you. You’re lying to me, Selena.”
Selena’s eyes fell to the floor. She was suddenly barely out of high school.
“Where were you?” Gloria snarled.
“I was with Carlos,” Selena spat, her eyes turning defiant.
Gloria gaped, but only for a moment. Her expression transformed quickly into one of disappointment. “Him?!”
“Yes, him.”
“Why, Selena?” It was a genuine question. “What are you doing with that… man?”
“I like him, mami. He helps me study.”
“He is not what you need, Selena!”
“Then tell me, what do I need, mami?”
There was a long pause as mother stared at daughter. I watched on, knowing I should be behaving professionally, moving forward and looking elsewhere, but the drama had me transfixed. I wanted to know.
Suddenly, shifting the beat of the conversation, Gloria reached beside the chair and took an item from a paper bag. She placed it on the table. Selena’s eyes expanded to twice their size and her cheeks flushed.
“What is this?” Gloria asked evenly.
“You went into my room?!” Selena gasped.
“Is this how Carlos helps you study?”
I frowned at the object. Finally its intended use dawned on me. Ah. Not much of a surprise, really. 
I felt my own face flush and stepped forward, terrified that specifics might be shared. Part of me begged to stay.
“Where is Selena?” I whispered into Gloria’s ear, “When did you last speak with her?”
Colours mixed with colours and a new world blossomed. 
 “Where are you?” Gloria asked. It was not so much a question as a demand.
I turned and saw Gloria, back in her seventies, with a phone pressed to an ear. Even when not in company her sitting posture was faultless.
“Its better I don’t say,” Selena’s voice responded, “they will come looking for me.”
“I won’t tell them, Selena. Obviously.”
“They will not ask politely, mami.”
I sighed in frustration.
“I did none of those things, mami,” Selena said firmly.
“Of course not.” Gloria replied, “What will you do?”
“I need to get to one of the witnesses who testified against me. If I can prove to the Independent Office that even one of them was manipulated prior to the trial, the case will be thrown out.”
Gloria thought about this, face blank. “You are being silly, Selena,” she said, “You need to stop this nonsense and go to a Department of Magic. We will get you a good lawyer and file an appeal.”
The line went silent. I could envision Selena burning with frustration.
“I cannot, mami,” she replied at last, “They will interfere. I need to do this myself to ensure it is done properly.”
“Mrs Lorenzo told me she knows an exceptional lawyer,” Gloria continued, undeterred, “He is the brother of Juanita. You remember her? Such a strong family they have. He helped her with that licensing business and it went very smoothly. I’m sure we can get him, if I butter her up a bit.”
“Mami…” The frustration was growing.
“I’ll give her a call after we hang up. I bet it will take no time at all.”
“Mami!” The word exploded like a gunshot and Gloria jumped. “I told you they will interfere! Whomever the lawyer, it will not help! Do you understand? They can get to the lawyer, they can get to the witnesses, they will manipulate the case against me a second time!”
Gloria looked stunned. “You’re being very abrasive, Selena. I’m only trying to help.”
“I know, mami, but you don’t understand the situation. Let me do this the right way!”
“I understand…”
“You don’t! Please, just let me do what I need to do.”
“You should get to a Department of Magic, Selena, the longer you evade them the worse it will be…”
“I’ll call again, mami. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
The line went dead. 
Gloria sat and stared into space, body motionless and immaculate house silent around her. Sitting as she was, finely groomed to the point of absurdity despite my guess no visitors were expected, a person could almost mistake her for part of the furniture. Some life size doll left to gather dust in a ‘house museum’.
Finally she stood, a graceful motion, and before heading into the kitchen wiped a tear from the corner of an eye. 
I withdrew and sat back, world sliding back into place. Gloria, present day, was staring at me with empty eyes.
“You get something?” Benny called from the kitchen.
“Just a second,” I called back. I again focused on Gloria. “You had two guests this evening, didn’t you Mrs. Stephania?”
“Yes.”
“Two more Enforcers, isn’t that right?”
“Yes.”
“You thought it strange two Enforcers would come calling at such a time, after office hours. Didn’t you?”
“I guess so.”
“That’s why they didn’t show up, isn’t it? Just a hoax.”
“I suppose so.’
“But you didn’t mind. You wanted a nice evening by yourself anyway, didn’t you? Some time to relax.”
“Yes.”
“Good. Thank you for your help, Mrs Stephania. When the door closes behind us, it’ll be as if we were never here.”
She blinked. “It’s a pleasure, of course.”
I looked up as Benny returned from the kitchen, riffling through a stack of papers. He shrugged. “Nothing. Few photos in her bedroom, nothing useful. You?”
“Yes. Selena called here recently.” I turned back to Gloria. “We’ll show ourselves out, ma’am.”
She smiled. “As you wish.”
I stood and we exited.
“It doesn’t matter how polite you are, you know,” Benny said as we climbed back into the car, “She won’t remember.”
“Just seems right.”
“Sure. So what did you find out?”
“Don’t know where she is. But I can tell you she’s going after the witnesses.”
He sighed as the car pulled back onto the road. “Yes, I figured as much. It’s the logical thing to do. But those witnesses are being monitored twenty-four hours a day by the D.O.M. Plus I have a contingency in place that will alert us if she contacts any of them. So, it’ll be her ass if she tries either way.” He paused and shook his head thoughtfully. “I don’t know, I still have trouble imagining Selena openly attacking law enforcement, at least as a first option.”
“Then what?”
“Not sure. Maybe there’s something I’m not seeing. But we’ll find out.” 
“I guess so.”
I glanced out the window and noticed we were not heading home.
“So where next?”
“Jenny Buckland. Selena’s old assistant. Remember her?”

*****

“Mister Kingston, Mister Clarence. How can I help, gentlemen?”
Standing on the broad stone steps of the Defence Training Offices, previously residence of Selena Stephania, I had thought my biggest challenge would be facing reminders of my demon. As it had been, prior to my becoming master of it. And yes, the still faintly visible stain in the parking bay that had once been the lifeblood of my old car had indeed stirred up memories. Those of a domed ceiling splitting, marble floors shattering, white curtains being drawn into white ribbons as windows exploded.
‘What are you?’ Selena had said, her expression reminiscent of an explorer stumbling upon some dangerous new species.
But those memories turned out not to be my biggest challenge. It was the return of the stomach flutter that made the visit difficult. A flutter that bizarrely hovered between being terrified Selena might lurk inside, and eager to go storming in and start throwing open hiding places. What I would do if I did find her, the flutter declined to make comment on.
“Good evening, Miss Buckland,” Benny replied, “we’re sorry to be calling on you so late, but we rather hoped you might let us in for a few words.”
She looked us over, eyes glittering in the entrance-hall lights. How she managed to be dressed to professional standards after 8PM and in the presence of unexpected visitors was anyone’s guess.
“I would prefer you had made an appointment,” she replied coolly, “but since you are here it wouldn’t be proper to turn you away. Why don’t you come into the lounge?”
“Thank you.”
She stepped aside and we passed through into the lobby, the gargantuan oak doors towering on either side like silent sentinels.
“Would you like something to drink perhaps?” she asked, gesturing us into the mansion, “Water? Orange juice? Tea?” Her eyes flicked to me. “Coffee?”
“Yes,” I replied “Coffee would be great. Thank you.”
“Right this way.”
She led the way, each click of her high heels echoing for eternity in the vast empty space. After daylight the establishment had all the appeal of an abandoned tomb.
“So you’re looking after this place now?” Benny asked.
“Yes,” she responded, “but then I always have.”
She guided us into an enormous room that seemed to have been stolen from the pages of Victorian literature, featuring an assortment of decorative plates, shelves of leather-bound books, and a claustrophobic silence that settled in like dead weight.
“Still, seems you basically own the place now that Selena is gone,” Benny continued, “and it’s hard to deny the place is magnificent.”
“It is. And yes, I reside here and handle the affairs of Miss Stephania in her absence. Why don’t you take a seat?”
She gestured to a low polished wooden table upon which sat a steaming pot of coffee and three delicate white cups. Somehow it was not surprising this had been prepared for our unannounced visit.
 “You handle her affairs?” Benny asked, stepping over to the table and sliding into a seat. I took the one beside him.
“Yes. I handle her affairs and have taken over the training of a number of her students.”
“Really? You’re qualified then?”
“So it would seem, Mister Kingston.” She took the couch opposite us. “At the time of Miss Stephania’s arrest I had been under her tutelage for some years and was ready to open a training institute of my own. It seemed only logical to adopt her students, given the circumstances.”
“So you studied under her for years? In her personal residence? That must have been... interesting.”
“How so?” She poured a coffee and handed it to me.
“Well it’s Selena, right? I can only imagine what that woman gets up to in her personal time. The words ‘weird’ and ‘eccentric’ spring to mind.”
He laughed; a sound that seemed so genuine you would swear the three of us were life long friends. The kind of friends that shared all sorts of delightful conversation in such quaint environments. Simultaneously, I felt the tingle of an Ambience Tweak emanating from his body.
 “How crazy are employers?” The spell said. “How crazy are the people we have to answer to in our daily lives, who we all secretly dislike? I have an employer, you have one. We must be equals and friends. What else could we be?”
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean, Mister Kingston,” Jenny replied.
Silence settled in. From somewhere nearby came the steady tick, tick, tick of a grandfather clock.
“How did you do this, Miss Buckland?” I asked, jumping in and bolstering the Spell with my own Spirit.
“I beg your pardon, Mister Clarence?”
“The coffee. It seemed to have been prepared in advance for our arrival. That’s remarkably accurate Logical Prediction.”
“Logical Prediction is one of my specialities,” she said curtly, pouring a second cup and handing it to Benny.
“You did it before,” I continued, “You were offering me coffee from the very first time we met. Long before it had been chosen as my Primary Crutch. I still think about that.”
“Indeed. As I said, it is a speciality.”
She poured the third cup and sat back, eyes darting between us through rising wisps of steam.
“How?” I pushed, curiosity temporarily outweighing other concerns.
“Is that why you’ve intruded at this time of night? To enquire about my qualifications? I believe a telephone call would have sufficed.”
The Ambience Tweak spell continued to gather.
“Look Jenny, we’re here because we’re looking for Selena,” Benny said, tone shifting smoothly into graciousness, “She’s loose on the streets, unstable, and needs to be found. We’ve followed all our leads and come up empty. We really need your help on this. If you have any useful information, even the smallest thing, anything at all, that would be greatly appreciated. Please.”
“I have not heard from Miss Stephania since her arrest.” The response was automatic “As I’ve told the Department of Magic on numerous occasions.”
Benny sat back. His tone shifted to insistent appeal. “I’m not sure how to tell you this, Miss Buckland, but your ex-boss attacked an Enforcer a few days ago. She nearly murdered him. In fact, it’s a miracle he survived. We’re not trying to bring her in for her own sake. She is a serious danger to the public. Lives are at risk here.”
“As I said, Mister Kingston.”
There was another silence.
Tick, tick, tick.
 Jenny sipped her coffee. The Ambience Tweak continued to build and build, engulfing the room like a sluggish fog.
“What are your other specialities?” Benny asked, tone now swinging back to casual.
“If you would like a consultation perhaps call back during business hours, Mister Kingston. And judging by the deteriorating situation with your demon, or should I say demon’s, I suggest you do so sooner, rather then later.”
Benny’s face drained. For a moment his cheeks turned so completely white they took on the appearance of a porcelain mask. Jenny, despite herself, let the faintest flicker of a smile cross her lips.
“I mean, professional training is a competitive industry,” Benny stumbled on, attempting to rebuild his shattered exterior, “Lots of big players with important looking degrees on their walls. Lots of money flying around. So, I imagine Selena placed a fair amount of trust in you handing over what must be an incredibly lucrative business. You were grateful, I bet.”
“Your point, Mister Kingston?”
“I’m just wondering where she’s been getting support for the last six months. Of the financial persuasion. Guessing she got funds from somewhere. Look at this place, am I right? The upkeep and maintenance alone must be a small fortune.”
Jenny placed down her cup. Her gaze crystallised.
“Miss Stephania and I were close business associates,” she said firmly, “I was grateful to work with her and spent a great deal of time in her residence. That is true. What she did or did not participate in during her personal time, ‘weird’ and ‘eccentric’ as you call it, is none of your concern.” Her eyes darted in my direction. My cheeks flushed, recalling the item seen in the mind of Gloria. “The respect I developed for Miss Stephania as a professional was immense, though I would hardly have called us friends. So I repeat; I have not heard from her. And if the pair of you do not desist your Ambience Tweak spell I will be forced to demonstrate I am more then capable of a Counter Spell. One that will have you both believing you are teenage girls experiencing your first menstrual cycle.”
I exchanged a dismayed glance with Benny. He nodded and we eased the Spell.
Benny cleared his throat. “Miss Buckland. Perhaps we got off on the wrong foot…”
“If there is nothing else, gentleman, I will ask you to be on your way. I have clients in the morning.”
“Yes of course, Miss Buckland.”
We stood and were escorted to the door, stepping back into the crisp night air.
“And Mister Clarence.”
“Yes?”
“Your teeth are yellowing, your breath smells of coffee, and there is a small brown spot on your lapel, also coffee I’m assuming. It was not difficult to predict your Primary Crutch.”
She closed the door in our faces.
“Feisty,” Benny muttered.
“Indeed.”
We headed back to the car.
“Teenage girls experiencing their first menstrual cycle?”
“I have to admit that’s one of the more alarming threats I’ve ever heard.”
“Agreed. By the way, what was that back there?”
“What?”
“That look of recognition she gave you. Right about the time the words ‘weird’ and ‘eccentric’ were mentioned.”
“Nothing. Not important.”
But the flutter in my stomach had survived the entire visit. It was looking back over my shoulder, still hoping Selena might yet be somewhere in the mansion, hiding just out of sight in some dark corner or forgotten room.


CHAPTER 9

I spent the rest of that evening behind a desk engaged in more parrot learning. The focus of the day the being the various citation level offences a Junior Enforcer could commit. 
It turned out an Enforcer was allowed a set amount of citations each year, three major or nine minor. And if exceeding this level, was suspended and put under immediate investigation. Once under investigation the Enforcer could either ride the process through to the end, after which dismissal was almost a certainty, or alternatively volunteer to enrol in the Rehabilitation Program. This, if completed successfully, allowed a return to duty, under probation. 
The citations themselves were predictable, with the minor category including wearing an incorrect uniform, completing paperwork sloppily, being late and so on. Major citations were likewise unsurprising, such as acting improperly on duty, misusing magical abilities, taking advantage of Enforcer privileges, and other such things. What did interest me was the so called ‘Rehabilitation Program.’ 
Upon flipping to the relevant section of a textbook I was met with paragraphs of needless jargon, all of which danced around and avoided giving real explanation as to what the process involved. A sure sign one had wandered into controversial waters. But after powering through multiple unfriendly pages, riddled with such redundant phrases as ‘…the Enforcer, by free decision of his own and no other, willingly and under no obligation agrees to undertake aforementioned program…’ I finally realised what the so called Rehabilitation Program was. Enforcers signed up to be manipulated.
There were, of course, extensive guidelines on what was aimed to be achieved during the program, but since the textbook specifically stated that Enforcers could in no way hold the D.O.M responsible for results, I assumed that salt was a prerequisite where the guidelines were concerned.
I snapped the book shut, flabbergasted I had not heard any mention of this, and headed to bed with the clock telling me it was past my bedtime.
Some time later I realised a face was looming at me, half buried in shadows, skin glistening with grotesque, clear, decomposition liquids. Delaney’s zombie projection. I wondered absently what it was doing in my room. But the longer I looked, the clearer it became it was not the zombie. It was Liza Clarence, lips parted in a delicate smile. She was saying something but for some reason it sounded like the ringing of a telephone.
‘Damn it,’ I thought frantically, ‘she’s found me! Really better get out of bed and defend myself.’
The face was changing, becoming that of Brent Kingston. And now Selena. And now Conrad. And now…
From somewhere came the sound of a muttered conversation, then the rapid thump thump thump of approaching footsteps.
“Jet! Jet!”
The face became that of Benny Kingston.
“Jet, wake up!”
I sat up. The flame in my stomach was so furious I expected the bed sheets might be smouldering. Benny was shaking me. 
“What?” I barked, “what’s going on?!”
My eyes did a quick scan of the room. Neither the Brent-Demon nor any of the other horrors were present.
“Get up!” Benny urged, “Move! It’s Selena! She’s been spotted!”
We were dressed and on the road in under ten minutes, hurtling towards the southern regions of the city. Above us a cloud smeared sky withheld any chance of comforting moonlight.
“Julian came through?” I asked.
“No. This was called in by a landlord,” Benny replied, his sleep deprived face glowing in the dashboard lights. “He recognised her from the papers. Dispatcher tipped me off. Enforcers will be breaching the building and trying to take her any minute now. Just keep in mind, I’m writing this up as voluntary hands-on experience. Keep out of the way and do as you’re told. We’re there as observers.”
“Got it.”
With traffic minimal we were across town in less than fifteen minutes. Around us shining glass buildings grew gradually thinner and were replaced by less glamorous versions of themselves. But it was not until decorative trees became overflowing garbage cans that one knew they had truly penetrated the slums.  Our destination, however, could proudly call itself the king of the slums, managing to unquestioningly be the most dilapidated structure in history, even by slum standards. If one used broken windows as a scoring system it was at least fifty ahead of every other building on the street. That the place was still occupied was outrageous. 
Benny pulled into the abandoned parking lot and cut the engine.
“This is it,” he declared, “You sure you’re ready for this? Likely won’t be pretty, buddy.”
I hesitated. But the stomach flutter was back in full force.  “Yes.”
“Alright, then let’s get ready. The Enforcers will be here any minute.”
I followed as he climbed from the car and headed round to the trunk. Inside was an old helmet with Perspex face cover, recognisable from any movie that featured macho police officers kicking down doors.
“Put this on,” he said, holding it out.
“Never seen an Enforcer wear one of those.”
“It restricts the effectiveness of spell casting so it’s not official gear. But in your case I suggest you wear it on the basis of it keeping your brain inside your head.”
The device seemed like Enforcer bicycle training wheels, but I took it and did up the chin strap.
We stood silent, staring up at the structure in mutual mental preparation. Somehow it seemed to be gazing back at us. From nearby came the discordant shrieks of a pair of cats locked in territorial battle.
“I can’t believe she’s somewhere in that hell hole,” I breathed.
“Long way to fall,” he agreed. “Maybe she’ll come peacefully. If not…”
The parking lot erupted with pale illumination; headlights of an approaching Enforcer van. The vehicle floated into the parking area, swung into place near the building’s entrance, and assaulted the bottom floor with twin beams of light. Two more lights snapped on, rooftop mounted spotlights, creating a nova of searing white radiance. Figures began to appear in various windows throughout the building.
 The van’s side panel sprang open and eight stone faced Enforcers emerged. Simultaneously from the passenger seat climbed a ninth Enforcer, a black haired man in his thirties. The prominent gold emblems on his lapels identified him as the Squad Commander, according to my textbooks. Although the thick pink scar across his left cheek was identification enough.
“Forward team, breaching positions, two by two,” the Commander announced, gesturing towards the building’s main entrance, “Second team around the back, find this shit-holes back door and clamp it down. Nothing in or out. Now, please!”
 He watched as the Enforcers moved to obey. Four took positions under the glaring white light near the main entrance. The other four disappeared around the back.
 Benny nodded at me and we approached.
“You boys are my volunteers?” the Commander asked.
“That’s right, sir,” Benny replied, “Kingston, Junior Enforcer First Class; Clarence, Accelerated Program Cadet.”
The Commander’s eyes fixed on me. “Clarence?”
I nodded.
“Heard about you. Either way you’re a brave Cadet. Most take their ‘hands-on’ time changing bed sheets in the Manipulation and Influence hall.’
“Thank you, sir,” I said. My voice was loud in the helmet.
 “Just keep back and out of the way. You’ll learn plenty watching, trust me. It can get a bit crazy so if you find yourself disorientated just get out of the building and wait here.”
“Yes, sir.”
He turned his gaze to the medals on Benny’s breast. “You’re a Manipulation specialist?” 
Benny nodded. 
“Excellent. You can help me putting out the warning.”
“Of course, sir.”
“Good. Floor by floor. We’ll stay one level below the assault team.” He raised his voice to the men by the entrance. “Enforcers, get ready! Warning going out!”
Benny turned to face the building and bowed his head. I felt his Spirit extending outwards, creeping like a slow motion wave into the ground floor. It declared a clear and concise message.
“There are Enforcer’s approaching on official D.O.M business. Keep out of their way, do not approach them, do not interfere, do not resist if you are detained.”
“The warning is out,” Benny said.
“Ready to breach!”
Two of the Enforcers flanking the door ignited their Spirit.
 “In three, two…”
The Commander paused. An expression of recognition flickered across his face. He raised a fist in the ‘wait’ signal.
And now I heard it too. A whisper was curling out from beyond the main doors…
 An instant later the two leading Enforcers were shrieking like mad men, one slapping at his body as if he had spontaneously caught fire, the other clasping both hands to his ears and crumpling to the ground. 
I stared through the Perspex face cover, dumbfounded, half convinced I was witnessing the most bizarre practical joke in history.
“Brace!” the Commander yelled. “Brace!”
And then everything happened at once.
In hindsight I rather wish I had reached the chapter titled ‘brace’ in one of my textbooks. I stood frozen, halfway between diving for cover and curling into a ball, but not committing to either. Even as the other men crouched and squared their shoulders, I did nothing.
There was a deafening THUMP and the ground vibrated. Then glass and splinters were spattering my body, lodging in the fabric of my uniform and ricocheting off the helmet like bullets. Where the door had been was now a blossom of blue sparks. 
A blast wave rolled out like a miniature tsunami.
The two disabled Enforcers were affected first, both being lifted off their feet and sent pin-wheeling into the parking lot. It all seemed to be happening in slow motion as my brain cranked into overdrive. I gaped, but still did not brace.
The wave expanded and advanced. It washed over the next two men in line, each of which stood his ground with unflinching calm. The wave struck their bodies and destructive energy was drawn inward, shimmering and twisting visibly as it branched off and was absorbed. Benny and the Commander were next.
When eventually the wave struck me I at least had the good sense to squint my eyes and flinch, not achieving the graceful actions of the other men but still managing to draw in part of the tingling Spirit. Still I was sent stumbling backwards, arms flailing madly until I thudded into the front bumper of the van. 
After a beat the car’s headlights exploded, then the two roof mounted lights. I was showered with glass as the scene plunged into darkness.
There was a pause then came four loud impacts in quick succession. I feared we were being fired upon by an automatic weapon and my head swung round, attempting to spot an assailant. But the ground vibrated and I realised the men were distributing energy.
For a long while there was only my ragged breath, loud inside the helmet. Condensation misted up the faceplate. I attempted to wipe it clean and smeared the liquid into streaks.
The Commander spoke. His voice came from nearby, but my eyes struggled to adjust in the cloud-obscured moonlight
“Selena Stephania!” he yelled, “Surrender to us now and you will avoid being taken by force!”
A figure emerged, gliding through clouds of dust like a spectre. I managed to make out wrinkled clothing and hastily tied back raven hair. The two remaining Enforcers by the door were backing away, hands raised, index fingers extended, Spirit crackling on their bodies. 
Selena watched them, expressionless.
“Surrender to us now and you will not be taken by force,” the Commander repeated. ‘This is your last warning! Get down on the ground and…”
 My peripheral vision caught sight of a figure detaching from the building above. I looked up and saw an enormous spider silhouetted against the moon. Then a blur descended on the Commander, crushing him to the floor like an origami sculpture. All heads turned in his direction. 
Selena seized the interruption. She raised both hands and fired a bolt from each, Spirit popping like a thousand tiny fireflies and sending the two Enforcers thrashing to the ground. One cried out in agony, body flailing on the cracked asphalt.
Benny acted next. A crackling, blue bolt was launched at Selena, twisting through the air on a sizzling trajectory with her chest. She spotted it, braced, and swatted it aside, creating a SNAP and brilliant white light that punched into the darkness like a camera flash. The bolt soared off into the night sky.
Her head turned in our direction. The demon, still perched on the Commander’s broken body, followed her gaze and emitted a single aggressive squeal.
“Mister Clarence. Mister Kingston.” Selena said.
Benny opened his mouth to respond, but what would have been said will remain a mystery forever. At that moment the other four Enforcers came tearing back around from the building’s rear. Multiple bolts were fired at Selena, two of which she deflected, the others going sailing over her shoulder and shattering into a brick wall.
Benny glanced at me. 
“Help them, Jet,” he roared, and dashed forward.
 I gathered my wits and fumbled with the helmet’s chinstrap. The clunky contraption was torn off and tossed aside. I started to follow, body humming with adrenalin, but the demon was faster. It came streaking forward. Benny turned and threw a clumsy bolt but the creature dodged, lunged forward and grabbed him under both arms.
“Oh shit,” I heard him snarl.
 It lifted him off his feet. He flailed and hammered a fist down into its face, but it stooped and slammed him back down onto the asphalt.
I drew up my Spirit and focused it on a hand, then felt my boots pelting the ground as I flew into an attack. The creature looked up. It snarled and raised a clawed hand, but the punch landed clean, flying past the hand and connecting with the face. There was a BOOM and the skeletal figure went somersaulting into the parking lot.
“You okay?” I asked Benny. 
From nearby came more electric SNAPS and blinding flashes. Selena was engaging the Enforcers. One stray projectile soared over and impacted the ground near my legs, kicking up debris against my body. 
Benny looked up at me and attempted to scramble back to his feet. But a hand went to his side and he sank back to the ground.
“Help the others,” he groaned, “don’t let her escape, Jet, for God’s sake.”
I nodded and started forward, seeing the flashes move off to the side of the building deeper into the surrounding shadows. Shapes were glimpsed circling each other and lashing out with attacks, but which were Enforcers and which Selena I had no idea.
 I ran towards them. But a scampering drew my attention to the left. The demon had recovered and was scuttling rapidly into the conflict ahead of me, closing in from the flank in a rush of blinding speed. 
“Demon incoming!” I yelled. The warning went unheard under SNAPS and POPS. 
I broke into a sprint, firing a blind bolt at the hunched creature and missing, just in time to have my eyes assaulted by a series of staccato flashes. I shielded my face and something limp went rocketing past, spraying my face with warm liquid. I tasted blood and realised the figure had been an Enforcer.
More SNAPS illuminated the darkness, pulsing light up the side of the towering building. Ahead, from the blurs and shadows, came the strangled screaming of a man in pain. 
I took a step towards it and felt myself flung suddenly to the ground, head bouncing sharply off the asphalt. Whether the blast was from Selena, or a panicked Enforcer, I did not know. But all at once I regretted removing the helmet.
Then I was wondering why I had decided to nap on the floor. A voice from somewhere nearby, however, was ringing out as someone screamed in agony. I cursed them for being so inconsiderate.
Reality began to return and I became aware of a hand stroking my cheek. The sensation made me smile. 
“Selena,” my muzzy brain told me, and the flutter in my stomach exploded. “She was here recently, wasn’t she? So it must be her. It must be her…”
I was in a gigantic training hall; the one with the enormous windows and ridiculously high ceiling; the one where she had reached out and caressed my cheek; the one where she had smiled at me. How beautiful she had been, with the sunlight streaming in and igniting her hair like black threads of silk. The word ‘love’ had sprung to mind in that moment, and now, as I felt that hand on my cheek again, my stomach shuddered gleefully and the fluttering engulfed my body like butterfly wings.
My eyes opened. Looking down at me was the face of Gloria Stephania, the corners of her mouth curled up into a misshapen smile. One clawed hand fondled my cheek as, from nearby, came the shrieks of a badly injured Enforcer.
I froze. Adrenalin flushed into my heart. The warning buzz exploded into a frenzied roar. I readied myself to fend off an attack, but it never came. The demon continued to stroke my cheek, its bony hand like a cluster of twigs. It gazed at me lovingly and crooned.
Footsteps sounded nearby and I heard the Enforcer’s van door open. A second later the engine fired up.
“Madre, déjalo en paz,” came Selena’s voice.
 The demon ignored her.
 “Madre!”
It looked up with a scowl.
“Te dije que los dejes en paz! Vámonos!”
Finally it stood and headed for the van. 
I rolled over. The demon moved towards the vehicle’s passenger door, then faded away. The van reversed, executed a three point turn, and disappeared up the road.

*****

The rest of the night passed in a haze of confusion, horror, and a head that wouldn’t stop aching.
Benny, who I later learned had suffered internal bruising, and the other men capable of standing, helped to console the Enforcer guilty of screaming. It turned out the poor man’s legs were broken so badly that spikes of bone protruded through his trousers. At first he was inconsolable, thrashing about and moaning. But after a few minutes, agony gave way to sleepy, semi-consciousness.
There was little that could be done, except wait for backup. This would be sent automatically, Benny told me, when no reports were made via the radio in the stolen van.
It seemed like hours before help finally arrived, but was probably less than ten minutes. Then two more vehicles rolled in and a dozen Enforcers and paramedics were swarming onto the scene. 
I watched. My brain refused to register any of it. Clusters of medical personnel flitted about and settled around black heaps. Some of the heaps were assaulted with syringes and bags of medical paraphernalia. Others were sombrely covered with white sheets.
“The D.O.M underestimated Selena,” Benny said, as a woman inspected his bruised ribs. “They’ll be coming at her twice as hard now.”
The same woman inspected my head and said it wasn’t serious. 
Soon after I attended my first debriefing at a nearby D.O.M. Two of the other Enforcers were at my side, but Benny had been carted off to the medical wing, despite his protests.
The D.O.M’s Chief Commander was a Mister Gill, a tall, slim, permanently annoyed mid-forties man. It seemed the abundance of hair lost on his head was somehow in direct contrast to the impressive collection of medals on his breast; one traded for the other.
He first gave his condolences and expressed regret for the men who had died on the scene. These included the black haired Squad Commander, whose back had been broken, and another, who had been so badly lacerated the medics had transported him away on separate stretchers.
  The second part of the debriefing was dominated by Gill declaring his outrage at the situation, and swearing that more Enforcers would be assigned to deal with Selena. He then casually added that if any of us spoke to the media we would be slapped with citations.
“We don’t need the public up in arms about this,” he declared, “especially not now. The public mood is tense enough as it is.”
I wasn’t sure to what he was referring but did a synchronised nod with the other men.
By the time I exited the D.O.M it was going on 5AM Friday morning.
This meant two alarming things. First, that I now had one weekend in which to study, with my Basics being on the following Tuesday. And second, that a full day of training now stood ahead of me starting at 8AM, and I was about as ready for education as a snail was for a salt bath.
I briefly considered skipping the day and was just warming up to the idea. But one of the Enforcers offered to drop me at the Academy and I agreed.
Hours early I headed to the canteen and attempted to drown my innards in coffee. The place was eerily quiet, and with little to occupy my mind the events of the night took centre stage.
 The entire occurrence had been, for lack of a better term, a slap in the chops for my expectations of being an Enforcer, and more so, for my hopes of Selena recovering. 
Yes, I had known the job was dangerous, but I would not have believed that Enforcers could be so badly outclassed. Regardless of Selena being ex-Enforcer. I had been convinced that the D.O.M was prepared for any situation, that an entity whose sole responsibility it was to deal with people like Selena could not possibly be caught off guard. After all, if the people whose job it was to keep order in our streets were so incapable of standing against a single woman, what exactly was keeping the chaos at bay?
And yes, I was not forgetting the familiar fashion in which the demon had touched me. I was certain it had been mimicking the moment between me and Selena. What it meant I was not sure, but the eager flutter in my stomach looked up with dewy eyes and hope; its face so reminiscent of a lovelorn high school boy I had to resist an urge to slap myself in the face.
I let out a shuddering sigh and buried my face in my hands. Guilt, like thick, black oil, dribbled over me and clung to my body; heavy, noxious and inescapable. For the longest time I had grounded myself in the hope Selena would simply disappear and make a life for herself elsewhere, ‘Of course,’ I had reasoned, ‘she is more then capable of starting over, and perhaps the change will even do her good.’ And those thoughts had consoled me; convinced me what we had done was not so bad. 
Now, that hope had been torn from me. The reality had been made all too clear. And the images would stay with me. 
Enforcers crumpling to the ground in shrieks of terror. The demon crushing a man to the ground, bending his body over backwards, almost double, until his spine snapped. The blue fabric of trousers raised-up in tents by spikes of protruding bone.
I gave my head a shake and downed the remains of the current cup of coffee.
“Another?” the barman asked.
“Yes please.”
“Feeling okay? You look rough.”
“Fine.”
He delivered the coffee and I took a sip. “Thank you.”
The Academy was still a ghost town and I turned my attention to the wall mounted television. But, much to my dismay, currently showing was a live debate. The participants were two men who spoke too fast and attempted to look knowledgeable by wearing glasses, and the discussion one that never failed to be controversial; whether the harsh penalties levelled on lawbreaking magic users was fair. Lots of words like ‘unconstitutional’ and ‘violations of human rights’ were thrown around, and the argument seemed to be swinging in favour of a man named Jeremy Dempsey. He was calling for ‘magic users to be declared equal citizens’. The live studio audience agreed by means of overly enthusiastic cheers. This was what Commander Gill had been referring to by the ‘public mood is already tense’, I guessed. Either way I was bored in minutes.
At about 7AM I heard echoing footsteps and looked round. Entering was Anderson, her uniform so neat it looked to have been made from scratch minutes prior. Under one arm she carried textbooks. She saw me, halted, and her lips tightened. I returned the gaze, suddenly aware I was unshaven and wearing two day old clothing. It seemed she was working up the courage to speak, but instead turned and sat at a corner table.
I was ready to let the moment slide and returned my gaze to the TV. But, lack of sleep and a desperate need for distraction having a great deal to do with it, I downed my coffee and headed over to her table. 
As I approached her frozen expression of horror said that dealing with such audacity was not common in her life.
“Hi,” I said, slipping into the chair across from her, “Jet.”
She managed to reign in the shock. “If you don’t mind, I’m busy.”
“I can see that. Been through those particular books myself. Have to say they’re not what I would call page turners.”
The indignant pout returned. “I said I’m busy. Please leave me alone.”
Her eyes focused on a textbook, leaving us in silence. Artificial TV voices were still locked in debate behind me.
“I’m sorry about before,” I said, “In Raw Spirit Management. That was pretty stupid of me. I guess I wasn’t thinking.”
She glanced up. “I don’t know what you mean. Why are you still here?”
We drifted back into silence.
“Tell you something interesting, when people hear I’m Class 5 they kind of go through three distinct phases of acknowledgment; disbelief, amazement, then horror. After which they generally move off in the opposite direction. Pretty much nowhere I can go where I don’t get those three phases. Even after I got this,” I tapped the Active medal on my breast. “I can’t say it hasn’t started making me a bit raw.”
Her eyes locked back on my face. “Why are you telling me this?”
I shrugged. “I just thought…I mean...” Annoyance bubbled up. “Look, you can’t really blame me, Anderson, can you? I’m not trying to be offensive but you really don’t look like you belong here. It’s difficult to ignore that. Why exactly are you here?”
I waited, but her eyes went back to the text book. 
“So?” I prompted.
“So what?”
“Why are you here? And why the hell do you keep looking at me like you’re imagining setting my face on fire? Have I done something to you I’ve forgotten about? If I have, I’m sorry.”
“I’ve never imagined setting your face on fire.”
“No one puts that much effort into glaring without a reason.”
She sighed. “If I answer will you leave me alone? I’m trying to study. Something you might be doing.”
“Okay. Sure.”
“I glare at you because you’re filthy, your uniform is wrinkled, and you look like you haven’t slept in a week.”
I blinked. “Sorry?”
Her eyes returned to the book. Behind us the televised debate raged on, tinny voices floating lazily around the canteen. I was about to stand when her head snapped up again.
“You want me to talk? Fine! I’ll talk. How are you, looking like this,” she indicated my stubble and uniform, “the most promising cadet for half the schools of magic in this entire Academy? Answer?”
My eyebrows rose. “I am? How would you even know that?”
“It’s on the notice board.”
“There’s a notice board?”
Her eyes narrowed. “Because you have the highest Spirit Level in this Academy, and for no other reason. That annoys me somewhat, since I happen to have the highest theory grade in every one of those same schools of magic. If I had your Spirit Level I’d be top of the class, and probably top of the Academy. Alright? Do we understand each other? Now get lost.”
“A high Spirit Level is not much of a blessing, Anderson. You want a demon worse then the one you already have?”
“I don’t have a demon,” she said flatly. “My Spirit Level was high naturally. High for those without a demon.”
“Oh. You’re lucky.”
“My Spirit Level is the second lowest in the Academy. I fail to see where I got lucky.”
My mouth moved but I couldn’t find the words. When at last they did come it was in a burst of emotion. Gathering anxiety released in a torrent. “You want this Spirit Level so badly? Great! Take it! Take the Spirit and take the shit that came with it. I would give anything, anything to be rid of this Godforsaken Spirit and have my old life back. How much would you trade to get a high Spirit Level, Anderson? How much would you be willing to endure, exactly? A lot? Is that what you think?  Don’t assume you can handle what I’ve been through, don’t pretend you know what it’s like, because you don’t. You don’t get to choose, you don’t get to decide what you can and can’t handle. Because the trick is it has to be bad enough. And if you want that trauma and pain so badly, then by all means I hope you get it!”
 I finished and leaned back. My hands had started trembling. I felt certain she would apologise, granting my outburst the dignity it deserved. But instead she blinked, face deadpan, and her gaze returned to the textbook. The conversation once again trailed off into silence. 
Anger drained away and was replaced by embarrassment, though I didn’t understand how it could possibly have been the outcome of the conversation. Confused, I had decided to scurry back to the bar when footsteps entered the canteen. I looked round. Delaney and Lotz entered side by side. They spotted us and demonstrated both ends of the recognition spectrum; Delaney scowled and Lotz smiled.
“Good morning, Clara, Jet,” Lotz said as they approached.
“Miss Lotz, Mister Delaney,” Anderson replied.
“Oh please. Elaine and Leonard in the canteen,” she replied amiably. Delaney gave us a polite nod. “It’s neutral ground in here, after all.”
“Yes of course. Elaine.” Anderson said awkwardly.
“Getting in some last minute studying?’ Lotz asked, glancing at the pile of textbooks, “Not long now. Best time for it.”
“Trying, for the most part,” Anderson said, glancing at me.
“Good.” Lotz turned her gaze to me and her brow furrowed. “Are you alright, Jet? You look a little under the weather for so early in the morning.”
“Bit tired,” I muttered, “Went for some hands-on credit last night; a building raid. Afraid I didn’t sleep much.”
“I see.” Her eyes lit up. “Real, practical experience. I’m impressed. Not many Cadets are so ambitious. All went well?”
Beside her Delaney seethed.
“It went less well than I expected, if I’m honest,” I replied, “Got a little out of hand, I think.”
“Oh? Yes I’m afraid they can from time to time.” She looked me up and down. “All limbs present?”
“And accounted for, yes. Thanks.”
“Good. Well, do be careful. They don’t play nice outside the Academy. Especially not with Cadets.”
“I’ll keep that in mind, Elaine.”
There was a pause bubbling with various flavours of tension. At last Delaney spoke into Lotz’s ear. “Let’s find a table, Elaine. I’m hungry.”
“Of course,” She gave me a final smile. “Take care of yourself. I’ll see you in class. And you, Clara.”
“Yes, ma’am. Elaine.” 
They headed off to a table.
“She likes you,” Anderson said, drawing back my attention.
I found her looking at me calmly, face having transformed into something softer and more attentive. The change was so extreme I was temporarily dumbstruck.
“Yes, I know,” I replied.
“Delaney has been attempting to court her for some time now.”
“I wish him all the best.”
She hesitated, biting at a cherry lip. The gesture made her five years younger. “You said you went on a real Enforcer assignment. Is that true?”
“Yes.”
“How did it go?” There was now an undercurrent of genuine interest. And a tremor of fear. Her attempts to hide both failed.
“Badly. If I’m honest.”
“Badly? How so?”
“Men died.”
Her eyes widened. “How?”
I sighed. “A demon. It was chaos. I’d rather not talk about it.”
“Oh.” She gawked at me. The facade of control crumbled.
“Don’t worry,” I added, “I’m not sure it was a normal encounter.”
“I’m not worried.” Her face again hardened. “Now, as I said; I’m trying to study. I’ll thank you to leave me alone.”


CHAPTER 10

After another cup of coffee, brain singing with caffeine, I headed to Manipulation and Influence. As always I made an attempt to prepare myself on the walk, drifting up the Academy corridors with head bowed and eyes locked on the floor. Classrooms slipped by and groups of chattering Cadets nodded greetings. I nodded back.
“Hello, Jet Clarence,” one young female Cadet said. “Skip washing day?”
“Hello,” I responded, skirting her and continuing on my way.
I felt calm upon arriving outside the double doors. The terrible images of the previous night were fading, falling into the depths of my mind where they were filed under ‘Recognised, but best thought about as little as possible. Unless necessary.’
I pushed open the doors and stepped inside. But the moment I did the now recognisable sensation engulfed me, more powerful then it had been before. The hall seemed saturated, as if the entity had gathered in my absence.
I stood for a moment and fortified myself, feeling the energy twist and curl, eagerly probing for an entrance. It attempted to penetrate my mind with a root but I resisted, regardless of what Benny had said about it being a ‘completely harmless Spell’. Upon being rejected the invisible energy receded.
As before none of the others present seemed to notice the energy, with nurses and Cadets going about their business in ignorant bliss. But it didn’t take long to realise a number of those occupying the beds were noticing the Spell. There came flickers and jerks of movement everywhere. A pale body jolted here, another spasmed there, off to my left a skeletal woman seemed to be attempting to sit up, then went limp again. The contrast to normal activity was, to say the least, jarring.
My eyes focused on a nurse, attempting to spot signs of urgency. There were none and I assumed the situation to be under control. 
“Just a Crowd Surfing Spell,” I muttered to myself, heading for Linda, “Whatever the hell that is.”
Each step was accompanied by the sensation of moving through clouds of invisible smoke, felt rather than seen, and as I arrived at Linda I had an irrational urge to dust off my clothing.
 “Hello, Linda,” I whispered.
Linda said nothing.
“Are you causing all this nonsense? Putting out a weird Spell?”
The sensation had not increased in her vicinity. It rather seemed to be emanating from everywhere at once.
Linda managed to be even more unpleasant in appearance than previously; resembling an anorexic spiralling beyond the point of no return. A nurse was hovering nearby and I got her attention.
“Is she okay?” I asked. “She seems very thin.”
“She gets fed same as everyone else,” the nurse replied, tapping a medical bag beside the bed, “Everything required for sustaining the human body. It’s natural for a patient to lose a bit of weight in the first few weeks. Nothing to worry about.”
“Okay. And this business?” I gestured around at the hall.
“Yes, it’s a bit alarming but not at all a concern. We’ve been informed by the Specialists it’s just a harmless spell working its course. A Crowd Surfing Spell. It will wear out in a few hours, a few days at most. Your friend here has been especially restless, though. A real firecracker.” She smiled. “I had to give her a shot.”
“Alright. Thank you.”
The nurse nodded and returned to her duties.
“I’ll see you soon,” I said to Linda, “You put some effort into thinking about where that white wall is. Okay?”
It was time for training and I headed to the bed of Judy Carlson.
“Good morning,” Gibson said as I approached. “My, you do look a little run down today. Burning the midnight oil?”
“Yes,” I responded, “Late night. But I’ll be fine.”
“Excellent. Been a rather eventful day around here.”
“So I see.”
 “Your friend Linda and Miss Carlson have been especially energetic.” He chuckled. “Perhaps you invigorate them.”
I frowned. “My mentor, Enforcer Kingston, said Linda is incubating the Crowd Surfing Spell.”
“That may well be. But it really doesn’t matter one way or the other. Waste of time and resources confirming the source of the Spell. It will burn out soon and all will return to normal.”
Judy jerked on the bed beside us.
“Is it safe in there?” I asked.
“Oh, it will be fine I assure you.” He cleared his throat. “Something else: I took the liberty of preparing your application for specialising in Manipulation and Influence, Jet. I realise it’s perhaps a bit presumptuous. You are of course under no obligation to sign them. I’m just letting you know that the forms are already completed. In my office.”
I nodded, acknowledging that the previous night had made spending my time in a hall, with near-corpses, an infinitely more attractive option. “Thank you, sir. I think I may just take you up on that.”
His smile was pure elation. “I’m very glad to hear that, Jet. We’ll be seeing a lot more of each other then, after you achieve Senior Enforcer status. But that won’t take long, not for you. Then we’ll do amazing things in this hall. Help more people then you could have thought possible.”
“Yes, sir. That sounds great.”
“Alright, let’s not dawdle. Whenever you’re ready please begin. Afterwards I will ask a few questions. Your performance will be based on your ability to answer them correctly.”
“I know. Thank you, sir.”
I stepped forward and gazed down at Judy.
It was a particularly dark night and the already inky gloom was made more pronounced by a canopy of leaves veiling the moon. Thick tree trunks, stretching up on all sides, stood motionless and crowded the sky, not stirred by even a faint whisper of air. I had never seen a foreboding forest in Judy’s mind before. 
For a moment I could not locate the girl and cursed myself, thinking I had done the Spell incorrectly. But then came a rustling from nearby; feet disturbing dead leaves. I strained my eyes and made out a figure floating between tree trunks.
“I’m coming…” a voice whispered, “I’m coming…”
I approached, my own feet shushing through the leaves, and cringed at how deafeningly loud it seemed. Judy drew nearer and fell into focus. She was staggering away from me, pale body dressed in a white ladies nightgown. Despite far more disturbing images I had encountered in this realm, my skin tingled at the spectral effect.
“I’m coming…”she murmured, thin voice lost in the trees, “I’m coming, please wait for me…”
I followed behind at a slow walk, weaving between tree trunks in her wake. Time drew on. We walked for ten minutes with Judy never looking anywhere except directly ahead. The ambience was undeniably creepy, but I soon began to enjoy the pleasant stroll through the woods, despite us not seeming to be going anywhere in particular. Then, as I was starting to wonder where the demon was, there came a distant rustling behind me.
“Oh there you are,” I muttered to myself, glancing over my shoulder.
 Ahead Judy halted in her tracks, head slowly turning to reveal a mask of terror where her face should be. Her eyes searched into the darkness, ignoring me.
“Who’s there?” she mewled.
There was no response. I followed her gaze and saw nothing but the vague shapes of trees.
“Who’s there?” she repeated, raising her voice.
The sound of rustling emerged again, reminiscent of a radio tuned to a dead channel. Feet, or hooves, were disturbing the dead leaves.
“Mommy doesn’t wanna ride.”
The words came twisting through tree trunks and assaulted us from every angle. But…
I cocked my head, listening. Had there been something else below? Another voice, below the first? Faint and distorted, but there?
 As expected Judy shrieked and clapped her hands over her ears.
“Oh God! Oh God, not you!” she screamed, “Not you! Not now! I have to get there! I have to find the white wall! Leave me alone!”
My eyes were bulging and heart hammered. The white wall? How could this woman possibly be connected to Linda…?
 I glanced around desperately; terrified the demon would emerge and steal away the moment.
 “Where is it, Judy?” I whispered, “Where is the white wall? Where is it?”
“Mommy doesn’t wanna ride, baby,” the voice came again.
And something else beneath it. “…but daddy said mommy didn’t want to ride…”
Judy looked at me as tears streamed down her cheeks, mouth flapping. She then turned and bolted into the woods. Her bare feet kicked up flutters of leaves.
“Shit!”
I gave chase. Ahead, glimpsed like a fish in murky waters, her body weaved through the trees, breath audibly hissing like a steam train.
“Mommy doesn’t wanna ride baby.”
“…but you could hear her, Judy, you could hear mommy calling to you from the house…”
Behind came the sound of hooves thundering on dirt. And a distinct cracking of branches against a body in motion. This was odd, my frantic mind told me, since the type of trees had no low branches. And this meant a head must be brushing through the canopy twenty meters above...
 Tree trunks whipped past in the darkness as the chase continued. I pursued, but it soon became clear I was chasing nothing. Judy could no longer be seen. The sounds of the demon’s pursuit had also faded, and I took it as a sign the scene was over. I stopped, hands on knees and shoulders heaving. 
“Shit.” My mind raced. “What the hell is going on?”
For a minute nothing more occurred. Then came a new sound from somewhere in the gnarled tree trunks. The whimper of a woman as she cried. My head snapped up and I strained my ears. It came again, distant but unmistakable; a sniffling sob.
 I moved towards it, tree trunks sliding by again, and the sound grew steadily louder.
Finally a structure loomed from between the trees; the white wall. As previously it stood with no purpose and attached to no other building, being simply a brick wall alone in an alien environment. Judy was curled up at its base. Her body heaved as she cried.
“I’m here,” she wept softly, “I’m here. I found it. Why aren’t you here?”
I watched, wrestling with thoughts, mind exploding with a hundred questions I wanted to ask. But I resisted, not sure what any one question might trigger. Keep it simple, keep it gentle…
“Where is it?” I asked, kneeling beside her, “Where is the white wall?”
Her head tilted up. 
“I’m not supposed to tell,” she said, “it’s a secret.”
“You can tell me, Judy I’m a friend.”
“You’re a friend? I don’t know you.”
“I’m a friend. And I need your help. I need to know. Please tell me, Judy. Please.”
“A friend?”
“Yes. Please tell me.”
She opened her mouth, but what emerged was a shriek so piercing I was certain my ears would bleed. Her eyes fixed on a space over my head and I turned. But at first I saw nothing but a pair of tree trunks that seemed to have snuck up on me. It was ten full seconds before I realised the tree trunks were, in fact, the front legs of a horse. 
“Mommy doesn’t wanna ride, baby. Mommy doesn’t wanna ride.”
“…you wanted to go to mommy. Didn’t you? You wanted to go to her. But daddy just said…”
Above us the tree canopy rustled as first the snout then whole enormous head of the creature pushed through the branches. I gaped in disbelieving horror; its full height must have been over thirty meters, a size that would put full grown dinosaurs to shame. Beside me Judy screamed and screamed.
The head descended, gargantuan white eyes fixed on Judy.
“Mommy doesn’t wanna ride,” the voice thundered, “It’s just you and me…”
“…but daddy just said…”
There came a wet smacking as thick lips parted and a dripping tongue emerged, extending towards the girl. She covered her head and howled.

*****

 “What happened, Clarence?”  Gibson was looking at me with concern.
My heart pounded. Breath hissed between my teeth.
“Something’s wrong, sir,” I babbled, “Something is happening.”
“Calm down,” he said gently, “Calm down. What is it? Tell me what happened.”
 “I don’t know, I don’t understand how but…” I looked at Linda’s bed across the hall. “Something to do with Linda. Something about that spell. It’s doing something, sir…”
“What the Crowd Surfing Spell? No, that’s impossible, Jet. You’re just confused. I know it looks strange with the bodies moving the way they are, but it’s a completely subconscious reaction to magical occurrences in the mind. Any magic would have a similar effect. And what we have here is simply a case of minuscule subterranean events having much larger effects on the surface then they have any right to.”
“But sir, I saw things in there that I’ve only seen one other place. The mind of Linda.”
“You entered the mind of Linda Hasting?” He frowned.
“Yes, sir. I was getting in extra practice with my mentor and…”
“Oh!” His eyes lit up. “How splendid. Did it go well?”
“Well, I guess so, sir. But the point is I saw something in the mind of Linda and then the exact same thing in the mind of Judy. Is it possible Linda implanted the image, or…?”
“No, no. Crowd surfing doesn’t work like that, my boy. The image was probably just a coincidence. I know it seems strange, but you’d be amazed at how many common images are found in completely unrelated minds.”
“But sir, I could’ve sworn…”
Beside me Judy lurched on the bed. We looked at her.
“Did you interact with the projections, Clarence?”
I diverted my gaze. “No, sir. Of course not.”
She lurched again, so violently her entire body left the bed. A gurgling emitted from her mouth like the incoherent mumblings of a restless sleeper.
“Assistance here,” Gibson called out.
As I watched the nurse hurry over, I realised the presence was once again pressing in, scraping at my skull and teasing my mind. It grew, expanded, seeming to gather weight. There was a voice in there somewhere…
“It’s getting to be like a regular disco in here,” Gibson chuckled.
The nurse readied a syringe but Judy lurched a third time and her arm lashed out, unintentionally slapping the syringe flying.
“Oh for goodness sake,” the nurse scoffed, “I’ll have to get another.”
 She jogged off to a nearby table and Gibson planted a hand on either of Judy’s shoulders.
“Help me here, Clarence, if you would. Can’t have her go tumbling off the bed.”
I stepped forward and held Judy’s legs, just in time to have her body explode into a frenzy of spasms. Her head thrashed from side to side and more gurgles bubbled from lips.
“Goodness sakes,” Gibson muttered, “Hurry, nurse!”
Judy’s legs had begun kicking and drumming on the bed. And it was then I noticed a growing humming sound. But did not register its significance. The presence was growing stronger.
 Even as the nurse came rushing back and blue sparks began to pop in the air, I still did not realise things were going wrong. It was only as I felt the tingling, and my warning buzz sounded, it began to occur to me. But by then it was too late.
‘Quickly, nurse!” Gibson yelled again.
 I glanced up at him, wondering if I should be telling people to run. But I didn’t. And a second later the humming became a furious crackle. 
“Mister Gibson…”
For a moment my eyes met his. He was terrified. 
Mere seconds before the blast occurred I stepped back and melted into my Place of Calm. There was a blur of shimmering air and images distorted. Then the space around and above me was crowded with objects. Nurses, beds and limp bodies catapulted towards the ceiling and across the hall. 
I braced and the wave washed over me, uniform fluttering and hair blasted flat on my head. Then the tingles of energy swirled into my body and joined my reserves. Sparks blossomed on my fingertips as the immense Spirit settled, but did not exceed my storage limitations.
Still the carnage around me played out. Hundreds of beds were flung violently to the hall’s extremities, riding the blast like an ocean tsunami. Among the shattering bed frames pale bodies tumbled and flew like rag dolls.
It was only then the deafening BOOM sounded. And as at last the shock wave neared the walls, I had believed it was over.
‘At least it won’t go beyond the hall,’ I thought stupidly, ‘it will be contained inside. They built these walls strong.’
The two walls nearest the blast exploded outwards, one giving way into an adjoining training hall and releasing screams of terror. The other opened out onto a flanking street where a car slammed on brakes to avoid debris. The other two walls held, but the door failed and allowed the wave to continue barrelling deeper into the Academy. 
When it was over and dust began to gather, no more than four seconds had passed from the moment I had braced.
Before me the only bed remaining untouched was that of Judy Carlson. I stared at it, dumbstruck, and watched as the girl leapt from its covers. She had every similarity to a skeleton bestowed with the power of movement. 
Her head twisted as she attempted to make sense of her surroundings, eyes wild, until her gaze locked on me. There was recognition. She stumbled forward.
“Help me!” she croaked with trembling lips, “Help me! Help me!”
The words were distant to my deafened ears. I stepped forward, mind a hurricane of disorientation, and she collapsed into my arms. I lowered her to the ground.
“Help me!” she repeated, leaking eyes staring and hands clinging to my blazer, “Oh God, help me!”
Shapes were moving through the dust towards us; two Enforcers. Each had an expression of disbelief pinned to his face. Their mouths moved as they approached and knelt beside us, but my ears heard only ringing. She reached out to them and they attempted to comfort her.
I watched the surreal moment. My mind kept urging me into action, insisting I should be doing something. But what; I had no idea. The girl went still and her swollen eyes moved to a space beyond my shoulder. There was a pause, then her mouth popped open and she shrieked.
I looked round and found myself face to face with the black horse. There was a moment of relief as I registered it was natural horse sized and not the King Kong monstrosity. But that gave way to stomach clenching horror as its white eyes locked on mine. There was intelligence in that gaze, as recognisable as in the eyes of any person. But it was not a person; that intelligence did not belong. My brain screamed.
The other two men’s heads swung to gape at the creature. For a second there was nothing but the high pitched screaming of the girl. Then I felt a growing tingle in my hands. My eyes turned back to her but already blue sparks were crackling in the air.
“Brace,” I roared, jumping back, “Brace! Brace!”
I crouched and the other men followed suit. 
A second blast rocked the building, hammering my eardrums. And judging from the way tiles splintered up off the floor in an expanding circular pattern it was more powerful than the first. That the structure remained standing was testimony to solid architecture. 
I absorbed the energy, but immediately felt a bizarre sensation of Spirit breaking internal seams and licking out from my chest, snapping at the air like ethereal bullwhips. This was accompanied by pressure like an expanding balloon around my heart. My ribs screamed and threatened to splinter. I was sure my body would explode, but the energy subsided and settled.
Beside me, however, after the ground shaking THUMP of the first man distributing the energy, the second began to scream. My flailing mind first told me some kind of creature was trying to escape from his chest, pushing its head out from under his ribcage. But as the bulge expanded and his blazer began to tear, I realised the poor fool’s reserves were not capable of storing the energy. A panic induced mistake.
He threw back his head and the scream reached a crescendo, then air was jolted from my lungs as I slammed into the debris littered ground. There was the sound of a second body hitting cement nearby. Then a fine mist settled on my face. The blood of an exploding man.
For a long time I lay still and watched as dust clouds settled. It seemed like an age. Upon raising my head, I barely registered the figure of Judy Carlson pass through a ruptured wall and disappear into the city streets.


CHAPTER 11

You would think nearly sixty deaths in a few seconds would put a concerned look on a news reporter’s face. But as I lay in the medical wing of the Academy an hour later, head swimming and left half of my face throbbing, the muted television showed a deadpan woman. She stood outside the Academy gesturing to an enormous stretch of taped-off destruction. Emergency professionals swarmed about. 
The camera pulled back to show a highly decorated Enforcer beside her, a man in his fifties with the most no-nonsense aura I had ever witnessed. He spoke calmly, manner not expressing the faintest hint of urgency.
 The picture changed. Now a man I recognised from the televised debate earlier, mid-forties distinguished looking Dempsey, was speaking animatedly. At least he, I thought, had the decency to appear concerned. Even if he did seem like the kind of person who would insist you took off your shoes before stepping into his overpriced, but disguised as practical, vehicle.
The door to my little single-bed room opened and a nurse’s head appeared.
“Cadet Clarence?”
“Yes?”
“You were asking about a Linda Hasting.”
I swallowed. “Yes?”
“I’m afraid it’s confirmed. She was killed. A friend of yours?”
“Sort of. Yes.”
“I’m sorry. Would you like something to help you sleep?” 
“No. Thank you. Coffee would be nice. My Primary Crutch.”
“Of course.”
Her head disappeared and the door closed.
I put my head on the pillow and attempted to digest the events, knowing I was too calm. Some kind of explosive reaction was due and not occurring.
Sixty people had died. Nurses, patients, trainers, and even an unlucky soul in the street outside the Academy. Many more were maimed or badly injured.
‘Little difference it makes to those patients,’ my throbbing head told me, ‘Vegetative and now crippled? The irony. Ha ha.’
Linda. Poor, silly blonde haired Linda, sent flying across a room and crushed. Never having been given a second chance. What it would say on her tombstone? 
“Lived her life a slave,” I whispered, “died wishing she still was one.”
Christ, she never deserved that. She didn’t deserve to die like that.
 I prepared myself, ready to contain the feelings of horror that would wash over me. Ready to feel my body shudder with racking sobs. But no emotions penetrated.
 “You should be feeling something,” I told myself, “you’ve witnessed a terrible tragedy. It’s not right to feel nothing. If not horror, something else.”
So I tried to feel lucky.
 “Sixty lives ended. You survived.”
But still nothing happened. 
I draped an arm over my eyes and took a deep breath. A thought kept returning to me, one that had that been playing like a broken record since my arrival in the medical wing. 
The white wall. The white wall. 
The weird presence, the Crowd Surfing Spell, the white wall. Connected. That horse-demon, whatever it was going on inside that girl, had been getting worse and finally set-off explosively.
The white wall. It must have been planted in the mind of Linda by my mother, which meant its presence in Judy must likewise have been embedded by my mother.  
The face of Liza Clarence floated before me. And then I did feel something. The flame bubbled up and snarled, rattling the cage furiously and demanding I fling off the bed covers and seek justice.
It occurred to me that one of my hands was rubbing the scar of the other wrist and I stopped it. It also occurred to me a figure was standing in the corner of my room, but only now was I noticing its presence. My demon. Its red eyes locked on my face.
“What the hell are you doing here?” I snapped at it, “I didn’t call you. Get lost!”
It did nothing.
“I said..!”
Realisation struck. The small room was alive with blue sparks.
“Oh my God…”
I put my head back, aware my body was shaking. Liza Clarence was again looking at me. The blue sparks began to pop. 
I took a deep breath and found my Place of Calm.
“I’ll find you,” I told my mother, “I’ll find you. Not long now, I’ll find you. And I’ll make you pay for what you’ve done. For what you did to me. For what you did to my father. And for what you did to Linda. I’ll find you. Not long now.” 
Gathering Spirit settled and began to recede, swirling as it vanished into an internal black hole. 
“Not long now, I’ll find you.” 
The floating blue sparks gave a final pop and faded. Calm descended. I glanced to the corner of the room. The demon was gone. I took another deep breath and wiped sweat from my face.
“Holy shit,” I muttered to myself.
The door to my room opened and I jumped, head spinning round. A Senior Enforcer appeared, Chief Commander Gill who had debriefed me. The impressive amount of medals on his breast glowed in the room’s florescent light.
“Hello, Cadet Clarence,” he said, “May I have a word?”
“Yes, sir. Of course.” My eyes flicked to the corner of the room. The demon was indeed gone.
Gill stepped in and pulled the door shut. 
“You’re a lucky man, Clarence,” he said, his tone casual. But I detected a hint of anxiety. “Your Spirit Level saved you.”
“I know, sir.”
“My name is Gill, if you didn’t catch it before.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Chief Commander Gill.”
He moved over to the bed and sunk into a chair.
“I must say that a person walking out of that hall looking as it did, and you looking as you do now…. I can only call it a miracle.”
“I honestly didn’t do much, sir. It just happened.”
“Yes.” He cleared his throat and looked at me closely. “Are you feeling okay, Clarence?”
“I’m okay, sir. Thank you.”
“Are you sure? I can get you over to the Mental Wellness Centre right away…”
“No, sir. I don’t think that’s necessary.”
“Alright.” He paused and his face hardened. Again I saw a flicker of anxiety. “It was a damn tragedy what happened. A damn, unforgivable tragedy. I have hardly seen a worse loss of life in my entire career.”
“Yes, sir. It was.”
“There are a lot of unanswered questions about how this occurred. A full investigation is already underway. I’m sure you understand that I need to ask a few questions. Do you feel up to it?”
“Of course, sir, I’d like to help in any way I can.”
“That’s good. I’m glad you said that.” He cleared his throat again. “Clarence, I understand you were performing your training on Judy Carlson. Is that correct?”
“It is, sir.”
“Can you remember how you come to be working with to this particular woman?”
I cast my mind back. “I believe I was assigned to her, sir.”
He nodded. “And what did you notice during your training sessions? Anything unusual?”
“In the last few sessions I noticed her mental state deteriorating, sir. The visits became increasingly more disturbed. My trainer, Mister Gibson, said it was nothing to be concerned about.” I hesitated, wheels in my head clanking. “There is something I noticed, Commander Gill.”
“What is it?”
“I had been feeling uncomfortable in the hall. Particularly right before the explosion.”
His eyes squinted with interest. “Uncomfortable? How so?”
“I felt something in the hall, a presence. I was told it was a Crowd Surfing Spell and not important. It caused the patients to be restless, especially Judy Carlson and another woman; Linda Hasting.”
“I see.” He leaned back, rubbing his jaw. A small notebook appeared from his top pocket and he scribbled words into it. “Linda Hasting.”
“Is it connected, sir?”
“Well, Clarence,” he said, “something caused this. The drugs, girl, or circumstances were unusual. And since the drugs have been checked and were not expired, and the only thing unusual about the girl is that she did not seem to have a family, or life, beyond that hall, which was the same for half the patients, the unusual element must have been in the environment. So yes, I think it is connected.”
I nodded. “I thought so too, sir.’
“We will find out what happened,” he went on, “but first we have a much bigger problem to deal with. And that is a girl who can cause some very serious damage running around the city.”
“Where is she, sir? Have there been more explosions?”
“Not yet.” His brow creased. “I’ll be honest with you, Clarence. I was not here just to ask questions. I have been gauging your mental stability. You, of course, are scheduled for compulsory evaluation in the Mental Wellness Centre shortly, and are not supposed to be allowed out until clearance has been granted. This is a very serious and justified precaution, I’m sure you’ll agree.”
“Yes, sir.” My eyes once again flicked to the corner of the room.
“But we need your help, Clarence. We need to bring in Judy Carlson. The D.O.M has eyes on her at this very moment and is gearing up. Would you be willing to help? I can waive the compulsory evaluation if you tell me you are stable.”
I hesitated. “Why do you need my help, Commander Gill?”
“Few can do what you did today, son. Do you understand that?”
“Yes, sir.”
“It is an invaluable skill. One that no other Enforcer in this entire city is capable of. We can request help from outside the city, but it would be hours before that person arrived. So we’re asking you. Yes, we could go ahead without your help. But with your help our chances of minimising casualties increases dramatically. Understand?”
“I do, sir.”
“Now, I know you have been through a lot already, and ordinarily I would never dream of asking a Cadet for assistance, not in anything but extraordinary circumstances. But that is what we have here; extraordinary circumstances. Clarence; I’m asking you again,” His eyes narrowed. “Are you one hundred percent sure you’re okay?”
‘If Judy is now free, she’ll be going to the white wall,’ a voice screamed at me.
“I believe I am, sir.”
“And would you be willing to help?”
“Yes, I believe I can help, sir.”
“I can’t make you do this, Clarence. You understand that? I’m requesting, and it is well within your right to tell me to go right on and screw myself. Are we clear on that?’
“Yes, sir. I want to help.”
He nodded, eyes still studying my face. “Good. This wont be forgotten, Cadet. You’ll be starting your career on the right foot, make no mistake.”
“Glad to help, sir.”
“Then get up and get dressed. Someone will be along for you shortly.”
With that he stood and headed for the door, exiting as the nurse stepped in with my coffee.
“Good afternoon, nurse.” Gill said as he vanished out the door.
“Commander Gill.” She crossed the room and handed me the mug. “Your coffee, Cadet Clarence.”
I accepted it and took a sip, my eyes drifting again to the corner of the room.

*****

Benny entered the room a short time later; hands in pockets and a relaxed smile on his face. One might assume he was returning from a particularly vigorous party.
“Jet, how are you?” he asked, letting himself in.
“Okay,” I replied, pulling on my blazer and fastening the buttons. “Would be lying if I said my head wasn’t still ringing.”
“Yes. Ribs hurt a bit. That Goddamned demon of Selena’s is like greased lightening.”
“That’s for sure.”
“And you thought being an Enforcer was going to be a walk in the park, huh?”
“She tore apart an entire squad of Enforcers, Benny. I wouldn’t have thought that was possible.”
“I wouldn’t either,” he said, crossing the room and lowering slowly into a chair. “Just goes to show; dedicated law abiding citizen or dedicated criminal, Selena gives her all. Guess that’s what makes her who she is.”
“Right.” I pulled on a boot and started doing up the laces. “Kind of wish she would throw some of that dedication into fixing world hunger. Or finding a cure for Cancer. Or something other then a big red bull’s-eye on our chests. Christ, I would settle for her perfecting a better washing detergent at this point.”
He chuckled. The moment slipped into a silence. From somewhere outside came the blare of passing Enforcer sirens.
“They want me to help bring in Judy Carlson,” I said, pulling on the other boot. “Girl who went ballistic and blew up the Manipulation and Influence hall.”
His eyebrows shot up. “No shit?”
“No shit.”
“God, the Universe really hates you, doesn’t it?”
“Apparently so.”
He chuckled again. “Well, maybe you’ll be done in before Selena can find us.” 
“Excellent. With her schedule free we’ll have that washing detergent next week Tuesday.”
 His chuckle developed into a full fledged laugh and I was taken along for the ride. The laughter grew, both of us acknowledging the humour was misplaced, and soon we were hooting with cackles of tear inducing hysterics.
When at last it died down we trailed back into silence, wiping away tears.
“Tell me you didn’t do that,” he said, voice completely impartial.
I blinked. “What?”
“The hall. Tell me you didn’t do that.”
My mouth dropped open. “Are you asking me if I blew up the hall?”
“Yes.”
“Jesus, Benny. Are you serious?”
The pendulum swung so quickly from laughter to suffocating tension it must have broken the sound barrier.
“Yes. Did you?”
“No,” I snapped, unsure how a defensive tone had crept into my voice, “It was the girl, for God’s sake. How can you even think…?”
“Ah,” he nodded, “Just asking. Insights on what set her off?’
“I’m not sure. I saw the white wall. In Judy.”
“You saw it in Judy?”
“Yes.”
“But how…?” His eyes glazed. “Holy shit. Judy Carlson was also dominated by your mother at some point. How did you get assigned Judy as your test patient?” 
“Just was.”
“I seriously doubt that. I’ll look into it.” He looked at me, realisation dawning. “Judy was a bomb. Did your mother just try and… kill you? Would she do that…?”
“Maybe. It crossed my mind.” I shook my head. “But…”
“There are easier ways to kill a person. Yes.”
I hesitated. “She’ll be going there now, wont she? Judy Carlson. She’ll be going to the white wall.”
“Most likely.” His head shot up. “This is not something you screw around with, Jet. You do this right.”
“I know. Of course.”
“You’re an Acting Enforcer now. You behave like one.”
For a long moment we stared at each other. Tension drained from his face. 
“Good luck. You’re in the big leagues now. Serve the people and keep back the chaos. That’s your job now.”

*****

 I was shuttled to a nearby Department of Magic. The driver, a young Enforcer whose face glistened with nervous sweat, never said a word, even as he tore up city roads and dodged between traffic.
 The explosion had occurred an hour ago. But panic was completely absent from the city. This despite the fact I knew Judy to be stalking the streets. Clearly, I thought, the highly decorated no-nonsense Enforcer on the news had omitted details about further explosions.
But there was something noticeable about the city beyond the car window. Not a panic, but a silent expectation. I could feel an energy building and expanding in the atmosphere, like the audience of a live performance aware that show-time was drawing near. There was a brief moment where I could have sworn the sensation seemed somehow unnatural, but shrugged it off. I focused instead on controlling butterflies that gathered in my stomach.
Upon arriving at the D.O.M and stepping from the car a female Enforcer approached at speed.
“Clarence?”
“Yes.”
“Follow me. Quickly, please.”
She led the way into the building, through rooms and halls bustling with feverish activity, and into the Preparation Hall at the department’s rear. Here, in contrast, the confused ambience was replaced by one of sombre preparation. Male and female Enforcers stood in rows that stretched from one end of an immense hall to the other; waiting.
 I followed the woman, passing up the ranks of bodies. Countless faces turned to watch me.
“Good luck, Clarence,” an unknown female Enforcer said to me.
I nodded and kept moving. We crossed the hall to a set of double doors. 
Behind the doors stood a smaller area occupied by a handful of Senior Enforcers, one of them Chief Commander Gill. All eyes were currently turned to a television. I stepped into the room and followed their line of sight. The screen showed a helicopter’s point of view of a city street, and stumbling her confused way as an action-figure sized object was Judy. The white medical robe fluttered from her skeletal body like a cape. Nearby civilians were watching her, mutely, ignoring whatever words she was yelling in their direction.
“What’s she saying to them?” one of the Enforcers asked.
“I think she’s asking for help,” I spoke up.
 Commander Gill looked round.
“And Clarence makes six,” he said, “Join the rest.”
I moved to stand alongside the others. Their expressions said my arrival had been anticipated.
“She seems to be headed somewhere definite,” Gill continued, ‘judging by her bearing. She’s taken specific roads, made turns, always heading in one direction to the outskirts of the city.”
“Do we have any idea where, sir?” I asked.
“No,” Gill said, “but it’s not of particular importance. That we stop her before she loses control again is our only concern.”
“Do we have military support, sir?” another Enforcer asked.
“Yes,” Gill replied, “they’re moving on her as we speak. But there is public attention on government interaction with magic users at the moment, as I’m sure you’re all aware, and hence huge pressure on us demanding we put her down in a non-lethal fashion.”
A restrained groan rose up.
“Sir,” an Enforcer said in exasperation, “Am I right that this girl is Class 4? We can’t possibly risk close quarters. We need a Heavy…”
“I realise the situation,” Gill cut him off, “and I’m aware of the risks. Getting an outside Heavy that can deal with her potential level of destruction would take hours, the nearest being halfway across the country. And frankly I couldn’t be damned dealing with the red tape and bullshit anyway. That’s where Clarence comes in, ladies and gentleman. Meet our very own Heavy.”
Heads turned in my direction. One Enforcer glanced at my breast.
“He’s a Cadet?”
“Yes, he’s a Cadet,” Gill boomed, “And also happens to have the highest Spirit Level I have ever come across, more then twice the next highest in this room. This Cadet was at ground zero when the initial blast occurred, standing not five feet from the girl. He shrugged it off and got right back on duty. What do you think about that, Enforcers?”
There were murmurs of disbelief.
“But that means he’s…”
“Correct. He is Class 5. A fact that makes him the most valuable person on the team. He alone can safely get close enough to take that girl down in a non-lethal fashion. The rest of you are only to provide backup and step in if he fails. Is that understood?”
The Enforcers nodded. My stomach suddenly resembled a raisin.
“Sir…” I stammered, “Commander Gill...”
“You’re taking her out, Clarence,’ he repeated, “The non-lethal way; by Manipulation. Your file says you’re more then competent in Manipulation and Influence. Is this correct, Cadet?”
“Yes, sir, but…”
“No better way to get experience, Clarence. And relax, we’re sending you in with the finest Senior Enforcers this town has to offer.” He turned to the other men. “Isn’t that right, Enforcers?”
They agreed in disorientated mutters.
“I said isn’t that right, Enforcers!”
“Yes, sir!” the response was cracked off.
Minutes later a convoy of black vans were swarming into the city, heading for the zone currently occupied by Judy Carlson. In the back of my own windowless black van, perched on the sitting rail attempting to ignore the jerking movement, I felt tension mounting like a living thing. My brain was catching up to what I had agreed to do.
“Get Clarence to the girl,” Gill yelled above the engine’s roar. He stood in front of the back doors, gripping a ceiling strap and swaying with the motion. “Do not approach her aggressively, do not attack her, do not yell at her, and do not do anything that might set her off! Do you all understand that?”
“Yes, sir!”
“Keep a safe distance, and when the time is right, when she looks approachable, Clarence will go in and disable her. You understand me, Clarence?”
I nodded. “Yes, sir.”
“You do whatever you need to do, Clarence. You scramble her brain, make her think she’s a fish if you need to, but make sure she is incapable of going hot.”
“Yes, sir!”
 “If this time does not present itself, if the girl appears to be losing control or becoming violent, then we are going with plan B and she goes down with aggressive force. Everyone gets involved and does whatever it takes; but you will all be putting her down with non-lethal force. If the girl looks like she is going hot, and God help us if she does, she will be put down for good. This will not be our job; this will be handled by the blessed military of this city. They are currently already on the scene.”
“Yes, sir!”
“Get ready. We are being dropped a block from her position. The streets have been cleared of civilians but, be warned, there was not time to clear the buildings. I repeat; there are civilians in the surrounding buildings. You watch what you do when flinging your Spirit around.”
The van slowed and exterior sounds enveloped the vehicle; the excited chattering of civilians, orders being barked between military personal, a distant warbling siren. There was a jerk and the van stopped.
“Alright,” Gill said, “let’s get moving Enforcers. Stick to me, Clarence, do what I say, when I say it.”
The van doors swung open and we filed out onto a four lane street stretching off into the commercial heart of the city. Swanky coffee shops and overpriced clothing stores flanked either side, while behind, held at bay by a military blockade, a throng of civilians craned their necks.
More vans pulled up alongside ours, releasing Enforcers who scurried about to complete unknown orders. Some joined the blockade while others disappeared up side roads.
Seconds later a giant of a man dressed in military body armour approached, an automatic weapon slung over his shoulder. He addressed Gill with a salute which was promptly returned.
“Chief Commander Gill.”
“Sergeant.’
“The girl is two blocks ahead. Our forward teams say she’s been persisting up this road for the last half hour without sign of stopping.”
“Has she been aggressive at all? Agitated?”
“No, Commander. Other than muttering to herself she seems stable.”
“Good. Keep your eyes on her and keep us updated.”
“Will do, Commander.” He handed over a radio. “Your plan of action?”
“My Heavy will attempt to disable her, non-lethally.”
The Sergeants eyes flicked from face to face. “Someone new? Out of town?”
“Clarence,” Gill said, jerking his thumb at me, “Cadet.”
“Cadet?”
“Class 5.”
“I see.” The Sergeant’s voice adopted an official tone. “Be advised, Commander Gill, if your team fails this will become a military operation.”
“I’m aware, Sergeant.”
The large man nodded and spoke into his radio. “Enforcers en route. Repeat; Enforcers are en route. Keep your eyes peeled and report to Chief Commander Gill, soldiers.”
The radio in Gill’s hand crackled into life.
“Lookout reporting, Commander Gill. The target is still advancing up Fifth at a slow pace. She hasn’t done a thing other, sir. Looks completely out of it. I’m surprised she’s still standing.”
A thought occurred to me. “Commander Gill. The girl’s demon is a horse. A black one. It seemed to trigger her meltdown.”
He nodded. “Have you seen a horse, soldier?” he said into the radio.
“A what, Commander?”
“A horse. Black. Have you seen one?”
There was a pause. “Uh, no sir, we have not seen a horse. Black or otherwise.”
“Alright. We’re moving, lookout. Eyes peeled.” He turned to me and the other five Enforcers. “Let’s move.”
We turned and jogged up the road, sticking to the sidewalk and letting the chatter of the barricade fall behind. The deeper we advanced, the more a feeling of jarring emptiness began to descend. Vacant stores flashed by on our left, some still emitting lazy, ambient music, while row upon row of abandoned vehicles clogged the road on our right. It all come together to create a post-apocalyptic world virtually suffocating.
Up ahead, where our street crossed a large intersection, a pair of soldiers was stationed at the corner of a bookstore. Above them the robots lazily clicked from green, to yellow, to red, and back again, unaware that the streets had ground to a halt.
“Soldiers at the intersection,” Gill said into his radio, “Enforcers approaching.”
“We read you, Commander Gill.”
We jogged over and took positions crouching at their side.
“Girl is up ahead,” one said. 
The other was gazing up the road through the scope of a long range rifle. 
“She keeps looking around but hasn’t spotted us, I don’t think,” he said. “There are more men up there,” he pointed to the rooftop across the road, “and above us. Both have a clean shot.”
I looked where he pointed and made out the silhouette of snipers against the clear blue sky.
“Alright, thank you soldier.” Gill raised the radio to his mouth. “Snipers on the rooftops; hold your fire till I give the word. Is that understood?”
“Yes, Commander,” the radio responded.
“My Heavy is going in. Stand by.” He turned to me. “Ready, Clarence?”
I swallowed; mouth like sandpaper. “Yes, sir.”
“We’ll be watching from here. If you get a bad feeling, think she’s getting aggressive, just raise your hand high up in the air. We’ll be there in a flash. Understand?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Then proceed when ready.”
I took a deep breath and stepped out from the bookstore, an overwhelming feeling of vulnerability settling in like whale blubber. Ahead, fifty meters away, Judy was tottering up the road, flanked on all sides by abandoned vehicles. Her pace was that of an inebriated person.
I advanced and my warning buzz exploded into life. Ignoring it was akin to ignoring a mouthful of dentist’s drill. Twenty-five meters. I passed a bus stop and newspaper stand. Her body, visible from the waist up, coasted between rows of cars ahead. It fell into finer detail the nearer I got. It occurred to me now how much a limp robe and anorexic body reminded me of Selena’s demon.
I could hear her shuffling footsteps and quickened my own pace, moving into the street and slipping between stationary vehicles. Around me the city was silent. But I felt the gaze of the soldiers and envisioned their fingers on triggers.
She was just a few meters ahead now and I paused, body flushing cold.
“Judy,” I attempted to say, but trembling lips swallowed the word. I wet them and tried again. “Judy.”
She did not respond.
“Judy Carlson.’
Her head lifted as if hearing a noise somewhere in the distance. But she continued her clumsy amble.
“I’m Jet Clarence, I’m here to help.”
She halted. My body tensed. For a moment I considered simply raising my hand and letting the other Enforcers come crashing down, and my right arm even twitched in anticipation. But a will of steel restrained me.
Her head turned. When the face was revealed for an instant my frantic mind told me she had to be a demon; that no human could possibly be so cadaver-like and still function as a living creature.
“I’m here to help,” I repeated, “we met before. Do you remember?”
Her eyes explored my face, wild and uncomprehending. I was sure she would turn away and keep walking, but her trembling lips parted and a croaking voice emerged.
“Help me.”
“I’ll help you, Judy.”
“Help me. I need to get… I need to get the white wall….’
“I know, Judy. I know you do. Where is it? Where is the white wall? Can you tell me?”
At this her eyes narrowed in confusion. Rusted wheels cranked over lazily after lying dormant for years. 
“Need to get there.” she whimpered, “Need to get there.”
“Okay, I understand. I’m going to help, okay?”
She stared, eyes pleading. I took a hesitant step forward. The buzzing increased, my body screamed in anticipation.
My eyes locked on hers and I found my Place of Calm. Around us the world faded until it fell away entirely.


CHAPTER 12

Little Judy, age eight, was standing at the foot of a double bed. Asleep in the bed was the shape of a body, made visible by soft sunlight floating in via closed curtains. 
‘A smell of sickness,’ my mind told me as I looked around, recognising an overwhelming sensation of fragility and tenuous balance. As if potential disaster lurked in every detail of the world.
I turned my focus on little Judy and crouched, ready to tell her to lie down and imitate a dead tree. But hesitated.
“…standing at the foot of the bed. And who is that in the bed…?” a voice crooned. It seemed to ring in the walls and vibrate in the ceiling. The same from the forest, but louder and more recognisable. “…who is that sleeping in the bed, Judy?”
In response Judy looked over to the bed.
“…who is that in the bed? Is it mommy? It is…”
Little Judy frowned, building up courage. Several times her mouth opened to speak but closed again immediately.
“…been missing mommy…She’s been spending so much time in bed. In the cold, empty room, the one at the top of the stairs. That room that smells of medicine and sickness…”
“Oh no,” I whispered to myself. 
The more I listened the more I knew it to be true. It was the voice of my grandmother, Fran Clarence. 
“Mommy,” Judy finally managed.
No response.
“Mommy.”
“…call out for mommy. Call out for her in that cold room. And mommy…”
The shape floundered and a face lifted from the pillow, revealing dark ringed eyes and gaunt cheeks.
“You’re not supposed to be in here, Judy,” a voice grated, “what do you want?”
“I was just thinking…” Judy mumbled, trembling, “Dad and I are going riding. Maybe…come with us this time?”
“…and mommy replied…”
“I told you, Judy. I can’t!” The words were sharp and the girl jumped.
“It’s not the same without you, mom.”
“…and mommy called for…”
“Charles, the girl is in here! Charles!”
Footsteps approached up the wooden stairs and the Cowboy entered.
“…but mommy got angry, so angry…”
“Get her out! Why is she in here,” the bed-ghoul shrieked, “Why is she in here, Charles?!”
The Cowboy took a now tearful Judy by the arm and gently led her out into the hallway, closing the door behind them.
 “Oh, God. I’m so tired,” the bed-ghoul screeched through the door, “Keep her out so I can sleep!”
“…and daddy…”
The Cowboy ushered little Judy down the stairs and I followed. They passed through the dining room and into the kitchen. Upstairs the shrieking finally stopped. Only the wet sobs of the little girl remained, echoing through the enormous wooden house.
“You said she would get better,” Judy mewled, “you said she would get better, dad.”
He picked her up and sat her on a countertop.
“How about I go get Charcoal ready and we take a ride,” he said, smiling, but there was something unnatural about the man’s tone; a weary detachment. He had chosen to disconnect from the situation, ignoring both the condition of his wife and confused torment of his daughter. What remained was less than human; a husk.
“…daddy was so tired. Mommy’s screams had made him tired. And all he wanted…”
“Why isn’t she getting better,” Judy repeated, her tears deepening into sobs.
“I’ll go get Charcoal,” he replied.
“But dad…”
“…all he wanted…”
The Cowboy ignored her and exited through the kitchen door into the enormous backyard. After a moment, visible through the window, I saw him heading towards the barn. Judy watched. Her tears began to subside.
My head spun, attempting to make some kind of sense of the new puzzle piece. A real thread, something I could grab hold of and pull, see what it unravelled, while, simultaneously, terror pierced icicles into my heart. It could all slip through my fingers and be lost forever...
I stepped forward. My heart pounded in my ears.
 “Judy,” I whispered.
She blinked and glanced around. “Mom?”
“No, it’s not your mom. It’s Jet. We’ve met before.”
“Jet?” Her eyes focused on me.
“Yes. We spoke before. You were going to tell me something.”
“I was?” She blinked away the last of the tears and wiped her nose on a sleeve.
“Yes. Do you remember?”
“No.”
“You were. You were going to tell me where the white wall is.”
At this her eyes lit up and mouth popped open.
“The white wall,” she whispered dreamily.
“Yes! Where is it?”
“I need to get there!” She was suddenly alert. Her face flushed with determination. “I should be going there! She’s waiting for me!”
“Tell me where it is, Judy. Please tell me.”
“I’m not supposed to say.”
“Please, Judy. We’re friends, aren’t we? And friends can tell friends secrets.”
She thought about this, biting a lip. “No. I can’t.”
“Please. I promise I won’t tell her you told me.”
“Well…”
“I promise.”
“Cross your heart?”
“And hope to die.”
“Okay. But you promised.”
The kitchen melted and a new world blossomed. We were standing outside a building located near the outskirts of the city, this made apparent by the low widely spaced structures.
My head swivelled towards the nearest building; a school, single story and well maintained. Beside us and running the length of the property’s border was a white wall, and in its centre a metal sign that read; ‘Little Dreamers Day Care’.
I glanced around desperately, trying to find some indication of a street address. 
“It’s the white wall,” Little Judy said.
“Yes. Good girl,” I replied, smiling and ruffling her hair, “You’re a good girl, Judy.”
She beamed.
I took in as many details as possible; red brick exterior, pillars flanking the door, red seesaw in the playground, cement entrance path.
I turned back to her.
“Okay Judy, now I need you to do something for me, okay? And it’s very important.”
“What?”
“I need you to lie down.”
She frowned. “Why?”
“I just need you to. Okay? You have to lie down and not move. It’s very important that you don’t move.”
She opened her mouth to reply but her eyes were fixing on a place beyond my shoulder. Her cheeks drained. I spun, but knew what I would see before I saw it. The horse; its head framed by the kitchen window.
“…but all daddy wanted was for mommy to go away. He wanted her to go away so she would stop screaming. So she would stop messing. So he could rest again… all he wanted…”
“You have to lie down, Judy! Lie down!” 
But she was already shrieking, head thrashing from side to side and hands flying to cover her ears.
“… was for mommy to leave him alone forever…”
“Judy! Listen to me! Listen to me! You’re a dead tree!”
I was in the in the street. Ahead a skeletal Judy was swaying unsteadily between abandoned cars, her eyes staring into mine. Here she was not yet screaming.
“Judy, listen to me, honey,” I whispered, “You need to lie down. Please…”
But her eyes were fixing on a place beyond my shoulder. From behind came a single ‘clop.’
“Judy, oh God…”
Blue sparks began to pop in the air around her body.
Clop. Clop. Clop.
Without thinking I reached out and placed my hand over her eyes, blocking the horse from sight. She began to relax.
Then a red circle appeared square on the muscle that connected my thumb to the rest of my hand. Simultaneously Judy’s head snapped to the side and a jet of pink particles erupted from beside her ear. A moment later came the crack of an assault rifle.
I watched, dumbfounded, as she toppled backwards and hit the asphalt. It was three more seconds before I realised my face was covered in blood.
Above a helicopter was circling.

*****

“You’re okay, Cadet!” Gill was yelling into my face, making himself heard above the helicopter’s rotary blades, “You did your best! Understand me? You did your best!”
“What happened?” I said. My own voice sounded like it was coming from the end of a tunnel.
Then I was in the back of an ambulance. Medical personnel were talking to me, but their words were not registering as English.
“…doesn’t look like you will lose any fingers, Enforcer. You’re very lucky…”
“…what’s all this on his face? Is there a head injury? Enforcer, was your head injured…?”
 I looked down and was astonished to see a wrap of bloody bandages where my hand had been. One would assume a bullet wound was instant agonising pain. But I felt only a dull throbbing, as if having slammed the hand in a car door.
There was a pressure on my arm as a needle penetrated skin. 
When I awoke I was on a bed being wheeled down a corridor. A nurse was looking down at me.
“You’re awake,” she said, “Relax. All is well.”
The bed entered a ward and was shifted into position against a wall.
“Where am I?” I asked.
“Why the hospital, of course” she replied gently, “you’re a bit of a celebrity right now, you know that?”
“No. What happened?”
“Hush now. Try to get some rest.”
I fell into a deep dreamless sleep from which very little could have woken me. Which was fortunate, since when I did wake I realised the medical ward I occupied was home to a persistently loud person, as well as a handful of other snoring patients. A stark contrast from the facilities found at the medical wing of the Academy.
 The loud person, muttering from behind a nearby curtain, spouted gibberish punctuated by curses and groans. The racket did little to aid a headache that pounded feverishly in my skull. Nor ease a lingering pain that pulsed up my arm, throbbing in synchronicity with my heartbeat.
I attempted to ignore the gibberish, closing my eyes. But try as I might the headache only deepened and hand continued to ache. Soon I was biting the insides of my cheeks.
 In desperation I grabbed a remote from beside my bed and aimed it at the wall mounted television. But not surprisingly, the image that met my eyes was helicopter footage of Judy stumbling up the street. I gazed at it, recalling the events as if they must have happened to someone else. Even when I saw myself enter the frame, a blue uniformed figure approaching the girl, I could not relate myself to the scene. 
A skeletal face hovered before me, strings of hair clinging to a flaking scalp, cracked lips stretched over rows of yellow teeth. Hardly human, barely alive. The ghoul’s head snapped to the side and red mist spurted like an aerosol can.
“Good girl,” I heard myself saying, “Good girl, Judy Carlson. Good girl.”
On the television the frame panned right to show a black horse. Then I saw myself raise a hand to cover the girl’s eyes. The news program had had the decency to blur out the explosive head wound.
I gripped my aching head. Nearby, the jabbering continued.
The helicopter footage was replaced by a crowd of civilians hovering restlessly behind a blockade. From the homemade signs to fists punching the air, they could only have been protestors. Following this was the face of Dempsey. He was addressing the crowd, body ferociously animated and face conveying outrage. His audience was quickly whipped up into an indignant frenzy.
The babbling continued. I sighed and squeezed my eyes shut, certain my skull would fracture and leak out my brains. 
“Excuse me,” I barked, “Excuse me!”
The muttering stopped.
“You talking to me?” a breathless voice replied.
“Yes. Please stop that. It’s driving me crazy.”
“What?”
“The muttering! Shut up!” The words were louder than intended and a groan sounded from nearby.
There was pause.
 “You know what’s happening out there?” the voice asked.
“No. And I don’t care. Please just be quiet.”
“It just needed a spark. All the elements were there; fuel, air. It just needed a spark. And that girl was it.”
“Please, my head…”
“They been oppressed for too long, treated unfair. It was inevitable, just needed an excuse. Just needed the girl to get shot…” 
All at once I realised the room was alive, the air singing a constant tuneless note. It was there in the hospital, so soft and subtle it could have gone unnoticed. But my mind, once catching a glimpse, tuned in of its own accord. The stealthy Spell was brought into the foreground of thought. I flinched, eyes watering at this new assault on my senses.
“What the hell…” I groaned.
“Just needed the girl to be shot,” the voice repeated, “cut down in the street like a damn dog. See the way she looked? Walking skeleton. Walking skeleton in a robe.”
I threw off the bedcovers and marched across the ward. The curtain was ripped aside, revealing a wrinkled old creature hunched beneath white linen. 
“Hey, what are you doing?” the creature gasped.
“What is that spell?!” I barked, “How are you doing it?!”
“Spell…?”
“I can feel it! Don’t lie to me!”
The creature squinted at me, eyes confused. “Just relax, pal. Okay? You’re not thinking straight. Given you lots of drugs. Cause of your hand. You’re not all there in the head.” 
Without thinking I lunged out and penetrated its head, bowling over flimsy defences and shooting out probing tentacles. Old rusted doors creaked open, shoddy walls collapsed, barriers groaned and twisted. Images streaked by in an infinite slideshow.
… house with blossoming rose garden... Young girl off to college… terrier named Scratch… guilty late night television shows…
 But there was nothing. Not a thought about any kind of passive magic.
“Hey? What the hell are doing?!” 
I blinked. The presence was gone. Before me on a hospital bed was an old, frail man, gaping with terrified eyes. One liver spotted hand was held up in a pointless attempt to shield his head from intrusion.
“I’m sorry,” I stammered.
“Haven’t got anything in there worth anything to you,” he rambled, “Ain’t got any money. Ain’t a rich man…”
“I know. I’m sorry. I wasn’t trying to steal anything.”
“Who the hell are you?”
“I’m an Enforcer. I thought you were using illegal magic. I’m sorry. Get some sleep.”
I closed the curtain and returned to my bed. There were rustles of cloth as a few bodies moved. Then silence. The television continued to flicker its artificial light.
 A deep breath rattled my lungs as I regained composure. I spotted a call button and pressed it. A nurse arrived moments later.
“You’re up,” the young woman said.
“Yes. I need some coffee, please.”
“Of course. How’s your hand? Is the pain bothering you?”
“I avoid taking painkillers. They dull me.” But even as I said it my hand flashed with pain, twisting my mouth into a grimace.
“Can’t be as sharp as a razor all the time.”
“Maybe later.”
She nodded, “Very well,” and turned to leave, but paused. Her eyes flicked to the television. It again showed Judy tottering up the street. “I should mention two Enforcers were stationed here earlier waiting to speak with you. They said they send their regards and you should return to the D.O.M for debriefing as soon as you are able.”
‘Okay. What’s happening out there? I saw protestors on the TV.”
“I’m afraid the incident with this girl has caused a number of political groups to get restless.”
“Just needed a spark,” the old man spoke up from behind his curtain.
“You hush your mouth,” the nurse snapped at him, “or I will have to sedate you again, Mister Brown.”
He went quiet and her attention turned back to me. “He was brought in earlier from one of those protests,” she whispered, “I’m afraid he’s a little…” She tapped her head.
“I see.”
“I’ll bring your coffee and some painkillers,” she concluded, exiting.
I looked back at the television and changed to a cartoon. But my mind had begun grasping eagerly at a new thought. One that crept in and, in the process, eased out a skeletal ghoul named Judy Carlson. I accepted it, grateful for the relief, and allowed it to put down roots. There was a school named Little Dreamers Day Care somewhere out there, and I was going to find it.


CHAPTER 13

The following morning was a Saturday and I awoke to realise my body was suspended in warm marshmallow.
For what seemed an eternity I lay still, not knowing where I was or how I had come to be there. And not caring. Everything was foggy and obscure, nothing held shape long enough to be identified. And apparently not even nearby voices discussing me held intrigue. 
“This is him? You’re sure?” One of the voices asked.
“Yes. This is Jet Clarence,” a female voice responded.
There was a pause. “I’m disappointed.”
Footsteps approached and stopped beside my bed. For a moment there was nothing, then the voice spoke into my ear.
“So you’re him,” it said, “Jet Clarence. So disappointing. Boogie man. Fallacy. Children’s bedtime story.” There was a sigh. “Hoped for more, Jet Clarence, I can’t deny it. Got taken in by the hype. But here you are; helpless and broken. Had this image of you in my head, you see, and I guess I started believing it. Huge intimidating monster of a man, grizzled face, burning eyes. And what do I find? Someone who looks like they’ve been sleeping in their clothes and hasn’t owned a razor in a week.”
I forced open my eyelids. Each creaked mournfully ajar like a rusty trapdoor. Before me was the face an expensive suit-wearing young man, barely out of his teens, hair scraped back over scalp and baby-skin face cleanly shaven. His dark eyes regarded me with something bordering on revulsion.
“Ah, it lives,” he said wearily, “if you call what you’re doing living.”
“Who the hell are you?” I heard myself grunt.
“Know what the worst part is, Jet Clarence? That you don’t have the decency to be a witless moron. That, at least, would have been a reasonable excuse; something to justify your unforgivable waste of potential. But no, you’re just… unbearably common; squirming around in petty emotions, expending your energy on limp grudges and childhood fairy tales.”
He reached out and tentatively wiped something off my cheek with a thumb, grimacing, like a mesmerized child prodding a dead animal with a stick.
“Leave me alone,” I muttered, “what do you want?”
“I want you to be someone else,” he sneered, cleaning the thumb on my bed sheets. “You’re an embarrassment. How I hoped for more. Waste of time.”
With that he turned and exited the ward.
More time was spent in the marshmallow womb, after which a hand shook me and my eyes opened. A nurse was looking at me. Behind her early morning sunlight was peeking through a curtain. The bed previously occupied by the old man, I noticed, now stood empty.
“How are you feeling this morning,” she asked.
“Alright.”
My mouth had inexplicably been replaced by a handful of toffee.
“Did you sleep well?”
“Yes.”
She smiled, “Good,” and began removing the dressing on my hand. “How does your hand feel?”
“Hurts a little. Who was in here last night?”
“Someone was in here?”
“Yes. Some young guy.”
“You had a visitor? It must have been after visiting hours.”
“You don’t know who it was?”
She shook her head. “Check with the front desk.”
The dressing was replaced and after a brief visit from a doctor I was informed I was free to go, not feeling entirely bad for a person on the receiving end of a bullet. The fact I once again dwelled in the realm of prescription painkillers had a lot to do with it.
I stopped at the front desk and was told no visitors were written in the registry. I then called for a taxi and shuffled out onto the sidewalk to meet it. Upon climbing into the vehicle, head floating in a pink fog, I bravely told myself I would go drug free. But before that same journey ended the pain in my hand flared up and two more pills were swallowed dry.
“Trouble in the city today,” the taxi driver said to me, nodding at a black van that tore up the street beside us, “Enforcers are out and about. Heard there are protests up north.”
“I know,” I replied. 
“That poor girl, huh? Judy Carlson? What a shame.”
“Yes. It was a terrible shame.”
Upon arriving at the apartment I paid the driver and drifted upstairs, now bathed in throbbing medicinal euphoria. I had expected the place to be empty but found Benny on the couch. His uniform was on and blank face stared at the TV.
“Hello,” I said.
“Hi,” he replied evenly, “Heard you got shot.”
“Yes, in the hand. Says much for the quality of sniper in this city, doesn’t it?” 
“You kidding? Missed your head. Probably would’ve missed your hand as well if you hadn’t put it right in his line of sight.”
I shuffled over to the couch and plonked into the seat beside him. For a long moment we both stared at the screen. A news report covered yet another protest, this one livelier than the previous and growing steadily bigger.
“Thought you would have been called out to that,” I said.
“I was,” he replied, “Got back an hour ago.” 
The picture changed. Again Judy was tottering up the street. I entered the frame behind her. 
“Last week no one even knew that girl existed,” Benny said sombrely, “Funny old thing this city.”
“I could’ve brought her in,” I muttered. “They shot too soon. Just a few seconds more and I would have disabled her.”
“She was going hot. They had no choice. A few more seconds and that street would have been a crater.”
“I could’ve…”
“Why didn’t you, Jet?”
There was a beat. The room suddenly seemed very large and empty.
“Answer me,” he pressed, “Why didn’t you disable her?”
“I tried.”
“Did you act when you had the chance?”
I hesitated. Thoughts were not lining up like they should. “Yes. Of course.”
It sounded false even to my own ears.
“You’re lying.”
“No.”
He sat motionless. Pale TV light flickered a disjointed story on his face.
“Jet,” he said at last, “I get the strongest feeling you’re crossing a line and I can’t abide by that. I’ll ask you again, and if you say yes I’ll believe you. Did you put Judy Carlson down when you had the chance?”
“Crossing a line? You’re talking to me about crossing a line?”
“Yes? Or no?”
“The Enforcer who uses a high school girl raping convict as an informant is talking to me about crossing lines? The Enforcer that scrambled the brain of an old man two days ago?”
His head swung round, eyes blazing. “That’s not the same God damned thing, Jet! You know it isn’t!”
“Do I? Seems to me Enforcer rules only apply to you when it’s convenient…”
“Enforcer rules?” He pulled open his blazer, tearing the medals away from his chest. A finger tapped his heart. “These rules, Jet! You know the rules, everyone does! You’re born with them, and when you start ignoring those rules you’re no better then an animal scratching around in the dirt! You tell me you don’t know what the rules are and I’ll call you a damned liar!”
He stopped, eyes probing me. I couldn’t meet his gaze. When he spoke again his voice was calm.
“Now tell me; did you put the girl down when you had the chance?”
“No. I needed to know where the white wall was. And I found out first. But…”
“Stop talking.” His face turned to stone. “That girl is dead, Jet. You let her die for your own personal bullshit. You crossed the line.”
“I didn’t mean…”
“But it did. You’re becoming a dangerous person. You understand me? From where I’m standing you just degraded to the level of that animal scratching around in the dirt.”
The words reverberated inside my head. Part of me wanted to passionately declare my innocence, but even thinking the words made my mouth taste of lemons. So instead I nodded.
His eyes returned to the TV.
A thin veil tore. My stomach was an icy fist of shame. In response my hand reached for the painkillers in my top pocket, but I stopped it. Instead it settled for massaging the scar on the opposite wrist.
“I need some coffee,” I heard myself mutter, making to stand. But Benny’s words stopped me.
“I looked into your being assigned to Judy Carlson,” he said. His voice was neutral.
I blinked. “Yes?”
“You were assigned someone completely different up until two hours before the Accelerated Program started. Then it was specifically changed to Judy Carlson.”
“By whom?’
“Your trainer, Gibson. Who told him to do it I couldn’t guess. But I have a sneaking suspicion it’s the same person who tipped off Delaney you don’t belong in the Academy. Someone doesn’t like you. Someone,” he pointed vaguely at the ceiling, “Up high.”
“Right.”
“So where is it?” he asked.
“What?”
“The white wall.”
“It’s a school. A day care centre. Little Dreamers Day Care.”
“Think your mother will be there? Hiding out as a teacher, maybe?”
“I don’t know.”
“I see.” He thought for a moment. “Ready for your basics?” The subject change was swift. He didn’t miss a beat.
“No, not really.”
“You needed help with the Reality Manipulation spell, as I recall. Flame from Fingertips.”
“Yes.”
 “No problem. Tomorrow?”
“That would be fine.”
“Alright. Goodnight. Or morning. Or whatever.”
“Goodnight.”
He stood and exited to his room.
For another half hour I stared at the TV, watching the various crowds of protestors around the city swell in size. The face of Jeremy Dempsey made another appearance, but when the footage of Judy began to repeat I stood and headed for my room.
The first thing I did was flip open my ancient second-hand laptop and search: ‘Little Dreamers Day Care’. It came up on the first hit. But upon reading what little information there was on an extremely basic website, learned it was about as unremarkable a day care centre as could be asked for. From the homepage that featured ethnically diverse children, to the reasonable rates and pleasant but firm teacher, I could spot nothing untoward.
I did a second search, combining the words ‘Little Dreamers Day Care’ with ‘suspicious,’ ‘abnormal,’ ‘magical,’ ‘illegal,’ ‘dangerous,’ and even ‘Liza Clarence,’ ‘Judy Carlson’ and ‘Linda Hastings.’ All of which turned up nothing. The place declared only that it welcomed children of all kinds, including those gifted with natural magical abilities. If anything, the place bordered on being creepy due to ‘gingerbread house syndrome’.
I wrote down the establishment’s address and tore the piece of paper out of my notebook. Then I sat back, thinking. 
From far below came the sound of mid-morning traffic beneath my window.
“You scratching around in the dirt?” I asked myself.
Stupid, simple words; ‘something that scratched around in the dirt’. And somehow, at that moment, sharper than the finest razorblades. 
The words solidified and settled in my chest, forming a nugget of bitter ice. I acknowledged the ice then dropped it, tumbling into my stomach, where it sizzled on the caged flame. After an adjustment the two elements settled. Tenuous harmony was created. 
I sighed, somehow feeling like I had just taken a step back from the edge of an invisible cliff.
“I’ll find you,” I said to the piece of paper, “not long now, I’ll find you.”
Then I set it aside, changed out of my uniform, and reached for my textbooks.

*****

My assumption had been that the brain fogging medication would impede my ability to study, but it turned out to be a fantastic aid. As my focus centred in on words, statistics and lists, the world around me faded, creating an environment where only me and a stack of obnoxious books existed. But for the first time I felt the books were coming up second best. 
Pages turned, information was absorbed, and all the while white walls and demonic horses seemed to exist only in some distant parallel universe.
At midday I took a break for a meal in front of the television. Any channel that mentioned Judy Carlson was systematically avoided. Benny was nowhere to be seen. The meal was followed by a dessert of two more painkillers, my hand again beginning to throb, after which I went back to the books without hesitation.
 By this time the studying had even become enjoyable, and as I again settled into the serene world, more real learning was achieved then in my other study sessions combined. When again the pills began to wear off it was 7PM, but I braved on until 9PM. By that time, body aching and eyes burning, I felt it safe to declare myself an inspired scholar and sat back for an almighty stretch.
The TV had come on in the living room at some point. Benny was awake and probably cursing the D.O.M for destroying his sleeping patterns. I stood and decided to join him.
It was as I opened the door that the buzzing in my head became noticeable, but by then I was already two footsteps into the living room. On this occasion my medication lagged brain would not be winning any medals for reaction time.
Benny’s face was once again shimmering with pale television light, eyes staring with trans-like emptiness and mouth ajar. Behind the couch was the Brent-demon, also engrossed in the television. Both were motionless. 
I gaped. The buzzing cranked up and my heart turned to stone. The scene was so grotesquely unnatural that for a second I was certain it could not be real; that I must be passed out, still at my desk with head resting on arms. I watched, waiting for something to happen. 
‘Benny will look up and notice,’ I told myself, ‘Spot the surreal horror standing behind him and scream.’
But he didn’t. His eyes remained locked firmly on the television. Snippets of hollow dialogue and canned laughter drifted out as an evening sitcom ran its course.
“Benny,” I whispered, eyes flicking between one figure and the other. Neither heard. “Benny.”
His head turned slowly in my direction, mouth still ajar.
“It’s behind you,” I said, “The demon is behind you.”
I expected his face to transform into a gawk of surprise. But instead, eyes hardening and lips parting into a snarl, he was on his feet and marching towards me.
 “Why didn’t you stop them?” he growled.
“What….?”
But I knew what he meant. The buzzing intensified.
Sunglasses pushed Brent forward till his thighs collided with the table...
“Why didn’t you stop them, Jet?!”
My jaw cranked. No words emerged. Behind him the Brent-demon began to jabber, the sound of a deranged turkey in a madman’s nightmare. I was swept off my feet and felt my back slam into windows. The city waited eagerly beyond.
“Why didn’t you stop them?!” he roared, hands grasping my shirt. His face loomed inches from my own. “You could have taken every man in that room apart with your bare hands! Why didn’t you stop them, you son of a bitch!?” 
The demon continued to jabber. The windows let out an ominous crack.
“Benny,” I whispered, “The demon. It’s behind you. It’s in your head. You understand me? The demon is in your head…”
“Why, Jet!? Why?! You let him die! You let my brother die!”
The window cracked again.
“Oh God, the window is breaking, Benny. Look behind you. Okay? Just look behind you and snap out of it...”
His eyes bore into mine; blazing with fire I had never seen before. But a flicker of recognition sparked. The demon’s jabbering ceased.
“Look behind you,” I insisted. The window giving a mighty crunch and bowing outwards. “Look. Please.”
Confusion contorted his face. But he whipped around and his eyes settled on the creature. It gaped at him idiotically.
“Oh, no,” he breathed. 
His expression morphed into horror. Both hands loosened.
“Oh, Jet. Christ. I’m so sorry.”
“Its okay, Benny. Take it easy.”
“I’m so sorry.”
Tears crept from the corners of his eyes and he crumpled to the ground. I crouched and put a tentative hand on his shoulder. His body heaved as tears turned into sobs. The demon watched on.
“Oh God my brother,” he croaked, “My brother is dead. My brother is dead…”
I wanted to tell him I was sorry, that I regretted my inability to take action on that day. That I regretted it more than any other failure in my life and, if I could turn back time, I would tear Sunglasses and Pout apart with my bare hands. Just like he knew I could have. I wanted to say these things, but didn’t. Somehow none of it seemed appropriate, none of it seemed like it could comfort a man who had witnessed his brother’s death. When finally I did manage words, they sounded as hollow as the voices still drifting from the television.
“You need to get help,” I said, “This demon is tearing you apart, Benny.”
“I know,” he babbled through sobs, “I know, I can’t control it, I can’t keep it out…”
I stayed with him till the weeping subsided. 
Afterwards he rose unsteadily to his feet and for an awkward moment stood lingering, head hanging and eyes staring at the ground. I though he intended on hugging me. But instead turned and headed for his room. The demon lingered for a few moments more. Then moved to follow him.

*****

The next morning, some time after 10AM, I stood outside Little Dreamers Day Care. To my right was the white wall, and beyond the wall a see-saw and swing abandoned under the bright mid-morning sun. 
Before me, the Little Dreamers building was an exact replica of Judy’s mental projection. A perfectly ordinary, one-storey building, with large windows looking out onto the street. Not a soul stirred behind the windows. All was still.
I looked to my left; a small parking area, a tree, a flowerbed, and modest suburban houses stretching off towards a cul-de-sac. Somewhere a dog barked.
“Well?” A voice came from behind. “What are we doing, Mister?”
I glanced over my shoulder at the taxi driver. His bulky body leaned against the vehicle while he patiently puffed a cigarette.
“Not sure,” I replied, ‘Don’t know if I should be here.”
“What? Wrong address?”
“No. Right address. Just hang on a second.”
“Sure.”
I had already been to the D.O.M that morning to attend my overdue debriefing for Judy Carlson. It had consisted largely of Chief Commander Gill repeating that I had done my best and was not responsible for the outcome.
“I could have brought her in peacefully, sir,” I had said to him, “If I had just had a few more seconds.”
“I know that, son,” he had replied, “I’m not questioning it. But this institute is simply not one that banks on potential outcomes. You understand? I’m afraid the risk could not be ignored. It looked like she was going hot and the decision was made. I’m sorry you had to be involved, being that it turned out the way it did. Either way, you don’t have to worry. Your name will not be given to any newspapers or media outlets. You’re anonymous as far as the city is concerned. Okay, Cadet?”
“Yes, Commander Gill. Thank you.’
He had sucked in a deep breath, face taking on a note of regret, and spoke the next words in a whisper. “Now look, Cadet. You have to sign up for a visit to the Mental Wellness Centre.”
“I’m fine, sir. I don’t think I need it.”
“I know, son. I have no doubt you’re fine. But it’s compulsory. Best to just to get it over with.”
“Alright, Commander Gill.”
So I had headed across to the Mental Wellness Centre of that D.O.M and signed up. The woman behind the desk, all porcelain smiles, had told me I could attend at the Academy or at any Mental Wellness Centre across the city.
As I had left the D.O.M the ache in my hand was becoming severe. So I had reached into my uniform pocket for the painkillers, only to have my fingers find a scrap of paper. Upon it was the address for Little Dreamers. I could not recall putting the paper into my uniform pocket, or removing the bottle of painkillers from that same pocket.
Presently, as I flexed the fingers of my injured hand in an attempt to work out the growing pain, my eyes drifted back up to the Little Dreamers building.
“Well, mister?” the taxi driver repeated, “is it the right place or not?”
The front door of Little Dreamers opened and a mid fifties woman stepped out. I recognised her from the website; pleasant but firm. Everything a person could want in a day care teacher.
“Hello,” she said, approaching the waist high entrance gate. Her smile was syrup. “Is there something I can help with?”
“I’m just looking,” I replied.
“Ah, you have a little one then?”
I opened my mouth and drew on every ounce of my ability to lie convincingly. “Yes, I was thinking about bringing my daughter here.”
“Lovely. How old?” 
“Five,” I ventured hopefully.
“Beautiful.” The woman swooned. Her expression said an adorably pleasant five year had materialised. “And what’s her name?”
“Selena.” The word popped out of my mouth.
 “Selena. What a beautiful name. She must be gorgeous. Does she have your brown eyes? Or her mother’s, perhaps?”
“Yes, my brown eyes. Very beautiful.”
We shared a smile of parental joy. I feared my jaw may dislocate producing a gesture so artificial.
“Well why don’t you come in,” the woman said at last.
“Thank you.”
I turned to the taxi driver and held up ‘five minutes’ with my uninjured hand. He shrugged and lit another cigarette.
“Trisha,” the woman said as she unlocked the gate.
“Nice to meet you, Trisha.”
I followed her up the stairs and into the building. Inside everything was as expected; walls decorated with crayon drawings, shaggy carpets designed to be played on, and various chests of stuffed animals and building blocks. Above a ceiling fan circled lazily. 
“Have a seat,” she said, gesturing to a desk.
“Thank you.”
She took the seat across from me. “So what hours do you work Mister…”
“Pardon?”
“Your name.”
“Oh,” I forced a nervous laugh, “I beg your pardon. Bradshaw.”
My brain applauded smugly at producing a convincing lie.
“Nice to meet you, Mister Bradshaw.”
We shook hands. A cluster of bangles tinkled on her wrist.
“My, what happened to your hand, Mister Bradshaw?”
“It’s nothing. Just an accident at work.”
“I see, how unfortunate.  Is it causing you discomfort? I believe I have some painkillers around here somewhere from my hip operation.”
“No, thank you. I’ll live for now.”
“As you wish. And where do you work, exactly?”
“I’m a journalist.”
Two good lies in a row. On a roll.
“How interesting. At what publication?”
“The Whisperer.”
“The gossip magazine?”
“Yes.”
“How fascinating. I used to read it in my youth.”
“Indeed, it is a very colourful magazine.”
She smiled and drifted into silence. I took it as my cue to start asking child related questions. But already I was getting the crushing feeling the place was a wild goose chase. Perhaps the two women had simply attended the day care centre as children…
“So tell me about your facilities here,” I asked.
But as she started to speak my eyes moved to a crayon-drawing on the wall. At first glance the scribbles all looked alike, consisting of human figures, square houses, smiling suns, and the other usual suspects. But there was one that stood out. And another there. The more I looked the more curiosity blossomed. Perhaps not a wild goose chase.
“I’m sorry to interrupt, Trisha,” I said, cutting in on her monologue, “but these drawings are interesting.”
“Oh, so they are.” She looked at them and smiled. “Lovely, aren’t they?”
“Indeed yes.” I made a show of admiring them. Then stood and stepped over to the wall. “But this one seems unusual.”
She frowned. “How so?”
“Well, look here; family, family, family.” I pointed out drawings of children figures paired with parent figures. “And then this one here, and here, and here.”
She looked where I pointed. “I’m not sure what you mean, Mister Bradshaw.”
“It just strikes me as unusual. What is this here?”
The drawing I touched showed a crayon stickman on a chair. Behind it stood a large vaguely human shaped figure in black crayon, its eyes two spots of green in an otherwise featureless head. Trisha stared as if seeing it for the first time.
“My, that is odd,” she said, “I don’t believe I’ve seen that before.”
“It’s on your wall.”
“Yes.”
“So what is it? There’s another one here.” I pointed out a similar picture, this one showing an odd pink blob hovering over a stickman in bed. The blob seemed to be staring down with enormous black eyes.
“I guess something they saw on television.”
“I may be mistaken, Trisha, but they look like drawings of demons. Don’t they?”
“Demons?” Her eyes widened. “But that’s impossible. Children so young with demons…”
“I know. But it looks like it. Doesn’t it?”
“Well…”
Her gaze went hazy then blanked out. She was left looking like a mannequin fitted with a ‘shocked expression’ face.
“Trisha?”
She didn’t respond.
“Trisha?”
She blinked. “Hello. How can I help? Oh! I remember you.” She smiled dreamily. “Look how big you’ve become.”
“What…?”
“Such a well behaved little boy. So well behaved.” 
My mouth dropped open. “What are you talking about, Trisha?”
“So well behaved.” She reached out and patted my hand. “And so polite. Has it been so long already? How old are you now?”
“You remember me?”
Her eyes cleared. “Hello. How can I help?”
I stared, heart hammering. “You said something just now, Trisha.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“Just now, you said you remembered me.”
“Did I? Oh, I’m sorry. My memory is getting a little scratchy in my old age. What is your name, young man?”
“Clarence… Bradshaw… Look, are you alright? You seemed a bit distant there for a few moments.”
“I did? I’m sorry, sometimes I daydream.”
I tried to slow my thumping heart but it would not be consoled. Adrenalin was turning my veins to liquid fire. All at once there was not a cage in the world big enough to hold the flame.
 “I’m thinking about bringing my daughter here,” I said to her, smiling.
“Oh. How lovely. How old?”
“Five.”
I walked back to my chair and sat, then stole a quick glance out the windows. The taxi driver was blowing a cloud of smoke at the sun.
“And what’s her name?”
I locked my eyes on hers and the light retreated into the shadows. Above, the repetitive clanking of the ceiling fan faded.
Trisha was in front of the class. Her face glowed with delight.
“Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream, merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream. Only those on the left now, row, row, row your boat…”
The classroom was empty. Her voice echoed ominously.
“…merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream. And now those on the right!”
“Trisha,” I interjected, “Trisha. Are you listening?”
She stopped mid-sentence, head cocking.
“What’s going on in here, Trisha? What’s going on in Little Dreamers?”
“We’re singing,” she responded. “Children like to sing.”
“Of course. What’s wrong with the children here? Why are they drawing demons?”
She glanced around anxiously and breathed a sigh of relief. “Nothing is wrong with the children. They are all present and accounted for.”
I paused, trying to determine the woman’s level of stability. “Show me the children, Trisha.”
The scene blurred and now there were children in the room. Ghosts of children. Each indicated by a vague child-like entity, something like a badly unfocused photograph. Apparently Trisha didn’t remember many details.
“Look there. What is that child drawing?’ I asked Trisha.
“Where?”
A child-shadow appeared sitting at her feet, drawing on white paper with a crayon.
“There.”
“Oh, that’s lovely my darling,” Trisha crooned at the shadow.
“Why is it drawing that?” I asked. “Why is it drawing such a strange picture?’
“It is?’
“Yes. See? You saw the picture on the wall a moment ago.”
She leaned forward to look. The picture transformed into the one indicating a pink-blob demon.
“Is that a drawing of a demon?” I pressed. “Why would a child draw such a thing?”
Her face went blank. I paused, rethinking the approach. 
“What happened to the children who draw these pictures? Did something happen here?  Maybe they were chosen to be here because of what happened to them?”
No response.
“Is something going to happen to the children who draw these pictures?”
Her head turned to the door. It opened and two black shapes melted into the room, slithering forward like nightmare sentient smoke. They enveloped the child and began to pull it towards the exit.
“This child is no longer your concern,” one of the clouds said to Trisha.
“Okay,” she responded with a smile.
The shapes oozed from the room with the child in tow. Trisha continued to smile.
I shuddered. 
“Who is taking the children?” I asked.
No response.
“Trisha, who is taking the children?”
The scene flickered. Gold veins sprang across the floor from beneath her feet, creeping to the edges of the room and climbing the walls.
“Alright, alright.” I glanced around and spotted a shadow-child stacking playing blocks. “Look at that. Someone is going to be an architect when he grows up.”
“Oh, how lovely!” Trisha beamed.
The gold veins receded and vanished.
I racked my brain. 
“Do you watch the news, Trisha?”
“Sometimes.”
“Let’s watch the news now. Okay?”
“But the children…”
 “The children are safe, I’ll watch them. I won’t let anything happen to them.”
“I guess its okay. Just for a minute.”
The scene swirled. We were now in the living room of a well kept modest house. Trisha was on the couch alone, watching the news. TV light danced across her face.
“Did you see the girl on the news?” I whispered, “The one who was shot?”
“Terrible business,” she muttered to herself.
The TV showed the helicopter footage of Judy hobbling up the street.
“Who is that girl? Don’t you recognise her? Doesn’t she look familiar?”
Trisha frowned. “She doesn’t look familiar. I’ve never seen her before.”
“Are you sure? Maybe she was younger when you knew her.”
Trisha squinted. Gently I drew up an image of little Judy, as I had seen her as a child. The TV vanished, in its place stood little Judy Carlson.
“Judy?” Trisha muttered. Her face contorted with bewilderment.
My heart leapt. “Yes! Judy Carlson. Little Judy Carlson….”
Trisha stared, concentrating. A person trying to solve an impossible sum. Then all at once her face exploded with a smile.
“Oh, Judy!” Trisha beamed, “How are you my little darling?”
The Judy projection said nothing. Its face remained a blank slate.
“Judy, how are you?’ Trisha repeated anxiously.
The room began to darken and bulge outwards. There was a shrill groan of wood grinding against wood, then golden cracks began gaping open on the walls.
I bit my lip. Giving specific life to projections had not been covered in standard Academy curriculum. But, heeding the laws of necessity and invention, I focused on the little girl...
“I’m fine, Miss Trisha,” I whispered. Simultaneously I concentrated on the movements of my mouth and pushed them onto the projection. On-the-fly ‘animation’ was created. Lo and behold, but for a ‘retro kung-fu’ level of lip syncing, the little girl appeared to speak the words.
“How have you been, my dear?” Trisha asked.
“Who took me, Miss Trisha?” Little Judy said. I added forlorn sadness to her expression.
“What?”
“Some people came and took me. Please, tell me who they were, Miss Trisha.”
Trisha shook her head, but her eyes were trying to remember. Artificial cobwebs were dispersing.
“Think, Miss Trisha. Please. It’s important.”
The scene swirled again and we were back in the Little Dreamers classroom. Little Judy now sat before us, cross legged on the carpet with a crayon drawing. I stooped and was not surprised to find the drawing depicted a black horse-like figure. What was surprising was that the Judy I saw now was about five years old, and the Judy who had experienced the trauma had been eight. Something, an astute person may point out, was not adding up as far as time lines were concerned.
 Behind me the doors sprang open and two black shapes again slunk into the room. They descended on Little Judy. Trisha’s eyes followed them.
“Miss Trisha! Who are they?” I, Judy, exclaimed.
The woman smiled and shook her head. “Who do you speak of, Judy?”
“Who are they, Miss Trisha?” I repeated, adding urgency to the girl’s voice, “I’m in danger! Your children are in danger! I need to know! Please remember!”
“Danger?” Trisha breathed, “What danger…?”
A look of fierce concentration settled on Trisha’s face, jaw clenching. Slowly, as if a tree shedding leaves, the black gas dropped from the figures to reveal people beneath. One was a tall young man in an expensive suit, hair scraped back over scalp and baby-skin face cleanly shaven. I recognised him from the hospital. The other was my grandmother, Fran, shuffling along with the aid of a walking stick.


CHAPTER 14

If you had asked me how I would feel seeing my grandmother again, even five minutes before it happened, the answer I gave would have been dead wrong. I was elated. Nostalgia and joy exploded in my head, washing my body with warm liquid. My mouth even curled up into an involuntary smile despite me warning it not too.
Grandma is here, grandma is here!
The spell I believed long gone was still very much alive and kicking. Even if only shattered fragments of its original self, feverishly pulsing and attempting to re-establish roots. I resisted.
“Oh no, you don’t,” I muttered.
But even as my head washed with artificial delight, my uninjured hand balled into a fist. The flame exploded, roaring into a mushroom cloud I was sure would split my sides and go pouring out, scorching all it touched. The resulting contrast was internal war.
I watched Fran Clarence and the young man approach Little Judy. Trisha, a smile still on her face, ignored them.
The young man knelt and examined Judy’s drawing, then handed it to my grandmother. She nodded.
“Do you like my picture,” Judy asked, giggling in pride.
“Yes,” gran replied, “you’re a very special child, aren’t you?”
The little girl giggled again. “Yes.”
“Who’s this in your picture here?” gran asked, touching the horse figure with a liver spotted hand.
“Albert.”
“And who’s Albert?”
“A horse. He’s an angel. But sometimes I don’t like it when he visits.”
“I see.” Gran exchanged another nod with the suited man.
“Come along, Judy,” he said, “come with us.”
“Where?”
“Just come along. No questions.”
“But mommy…”
“Never mind mommy.” 
He stared into her eyes. She stood and allowed herself to be led to the door. Before the trio exited, the suited man turned to Trisha.
“Judy Carlson is no longer here. And she never was. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” Trisha agreed.
The door closed.
I watched, waiting to see what else would occur. Trisha maintained her focus on thin air.
“Where did they take her?” I asked.
“Judy!” The word burst from the woman’s mouth and I jumped. “Judy! Oh God, Judy! They took her! They took her!”
She crumpled to her knees. Tears streamed down her face and hands twisted into agonised claws. The classroom darkened, white walls shuddered as gold veins crawled across their surface.
“Trisha,” I whispered, “Its okay, its okay. It’s not your fault. Forget it, leave it all behind. We’re at our desk. I walked in, I sat down, and we talked. Nothing more.”
I withdrew. The world retracted and was drawn away. We were sitting at the desk.
“Trisha,” I prompted, “Are you alright? You drifted there for a moment.”
“Oh. Yes.” She blinked. “I’m sorry. I had a most peculiar sensation just now.”
“Working too hard, maybe?”
“Yes, that must be it.”
“Well, thank you for your time.”
“Were you leaving?”
“Yes, thank you. Good day.” I hesitated at the door. “Trisha? One other thing…”
“Yes?”
“Do you remember me? Do I look familiar at all?”
She squinted. “Why, no I don’t believe you do. Were you a student here?”
“I believe so, yes.”
“Well, I’m sorry,” she said with a smile, “I have interacted with many children in my years. Been working here for most my life, you see.”
“I understand. Thank you anyway.”
The taxi ride home was lost in bemused reflection, bandaged hand cradled in my lap.
‘My first real breakthrough,’ I thought, gazing out the window as celebratory cheers went up in my head. The mission I had started six months ago with nothing, no leads and no professional support, had borne fruit. My grandmother located.
‘What now?’
Nothing I had discovered had been done legally; so could not be reported. At least, not without also handing over a signed confession. Indeed, my spine tingled at the thought of what appeared to be going on in that school. But sending myself to a Magical Detention Centre was not on my to-do list. 
Could I put in a report as a concerned citizen, or perhaps anonymous citizen, saying that I thought something was amiss at the school? Yes. And the Enforcers would go stomping around making enquiries, doing what they did. Would they follow the leads, unravel the bullshit and bring those responsible to justice? …Perhaps. Would they focus in on my grandmother and make every effort to find my mother? …Possibly. Did I think ‘possibly’ and ‘perhaps’ were reassuring? 
“I have to do it myself,” I muttered.
“What’s that?” the taxi driver asked.
“Nothing.”
 Another thought was jostling for a place in my head. There was no ignoring what had been suggested. Somewhere out there I had biological parents. It had occurred to me previously that Liza Clarence might not be my biological mother, but this had all but stamped the writing on the wall.
I felt my uninjured hand cover my face and sank into the backseat. “I don’t need this.” 
A hiss from the front seat drew my attention; the taxi driver sucking in a breath. I looked up. He was staring at me goggle eyed in the rear view mirror.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
But before he answered I felt a presence beside me. My demon - it looked at me with blue face expressionless.
“Hello,” I said to it, “something I can help with?”
It did not respond.
“I have this under control,” I continued, “There’s no reason for you to be here. It was just a surprise, that’s all. Who wouldn’t be a little shaken learning something like that?”
It gazed at me.
“What? It’s not about that? What then? The school? The D.O.M can’t be counted on to find her, you know that. It’s been six God damned months and they haven’t achieved what I just did. It needs to be done right. I need to do it.”
“Scratching around in the dirt,” it said.
My face flushed with ice. For a long moment there was only the hum of the car’s engine.
“What did you say to me?” I breathed. 
It refused to repeat the statement.
“I have this under control,” I whispered, “You hear me? Now get the hell out of here. You’re not welcome.”
It regarded me evenly, deciding if I was trying to convince it or myself.
“I said, I have this under control and I don’t need you! So get the hell out of here!”
I threw up my bandaged hand attempting to make a dismissive wave. But managed to bash it against the headrest of the driver’s seat. Pain exploded and I sucked in a breath through grimacing teeth. The demon did not look sympathetic.
“Hey pal, you okay back there?” the taxi driver asked, “Want me to pull over?”
But I ignored him. Sweat gathered on my face as I bit back pain. The interior of the taxi was swimming nauseatingly. I felt my hand grapple at my top pocket, temporarily forgetting there were no painkillers to be found.
“Scratching in the dirt,” the demon repeated.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. My Place of Calm was located and, instantly, the pain became a bit more bearable. I opened my eyes and turned to the demon.
“Go away, please.”
For a suffocating second I thought it would not obey. Then it faded and was gone, leaving only the drone of the vehicle. 
“Hey,” the taxi driver said.
I looked up and met his eyes in the mirror. He seemed calm, perhaps even mildly entertained.
“Sorry about that,” I muttered. “Do you have any coffee? I could really use some.”
“Coffee?”
“Yes. In a flask or something?”
“You’re in luck pal.”
He handed back a flask. I spun off the lid and drank straight from the container. It was heavenly.
“Thank you.”
“No problem. You’re an Enforcer, right?’
“Yes.”
“Thought so, heard about you guys and that weird demon stuff.”
“You don’t have to be an Enforcer to have a demon.”
I took another gulp of coffee, eyes flicking to the seat beside me. The demon remained gone.
“Hey, you okay though, right? Want me to call the D.O.M or something?”
“I’m fine.”
“And that blue thing? It was a demon?”
“Yes.”
“That’s mind blowing. For real! Never seen a thing like that before, then twice in one week. Saw that horse on the news with that girl who got shot. But holy shit this here was the real thing. Sure you’re okay? Don’t need me to pull over? We can call the D.O.M.”
“No.”
“Okay, buddy. You’re the boss. Just don’t mess up my taxi or anything. Okay?”
“I won’t.”
The rest of the coffee was drained and flask handed back empty.

*****

The taxi dropped me outside the apartment just after noon. I trudged up the steps, mind set firmly on tossing back two painkillers with more coffee. But as I opened the front door I took my second metaphorical chop slap for the day.
The first thing I noticed was Benny reclined on the living room couch, smiling. This in itself would have been shocking considering recent circumstances. But what really dialled the chop slap up to a healthy ten was the girl sitting beside him. Clara Anderson.
My eyes bulged and jaw suddenly hung somewhere between my nipples. ‘Perhaps I’m misunderstanding the situation,’ my brain babbled, ‘Maybe she’s not here as a guest. Maybe she’s here assisting him, helping re-establish his stability…’
But a second later came the sound of her musical giggling. My stomach plummeting into a bottomless pit
“Oh shit,” I heard myself mutter.
Numb legs carried me into the apartment, stomach tightening with each step. The girl, Anderson, dressed in girlish casual clothes and sitting cross legged, looked up. Her glowing smile faltered.
“Oh, you,” she said flatly.
Benny followed her gaze.
“Jet! Welcome home,” he beamed, “Was just wondering where you’d got to. I see from Clara’s scowl you two have already met. Whoa, feeling okay? You look a little pale.”
“My hand is killing me,” I replied distantly, “Yes, I’ve met Clara, in the canteen just the other day.”
“Great!” he exclaimed, “Then I don’t have to bother with the formalities. Grab a glass of wine and take a seat, buddy. We were just discussing the tragic events that occurred at the Academy.”
My eyes drifted to Clara, wondering how much danger she was in, wondering how capable she was if faced by an aggressive Bethany or Brent-Demon. My gaze then flicked to the window on the far side of the apartment, still cracked and bowing outwards. Then, finally, my eyes settled on the telephone to my right. My brain jumped from one level of acceptance to another, horrified at the prospect I was considering calling the D.O.M on a friend.
Seconds before making an excuse to use the telephone brakes slammed on and brought the chain of thought to a screeching halt. Benny was looking at me calmly, pearly teeth exposed in an enormous Cheshire cat smile. Not the faintest sign of instability was betrayed.
“Sure, I’ll join you,” I said at last. Clara rolled her eyes. “But first, could we maybe have a word, Benny?”
“Sure. Speak away.”
“In private. In the kitchen.”
His eyebrows shot up. “In the kitchen? Why? Speak your thoughts. Clara is a friend. Aren’t you Clara?”
She nodded, eyeing me like I was the proverbial beach bully stomping on her sand castle. “I’m a friend, yes.”
I hesitated. “What the hell are you doing, Benny?’ I snapped, voice fiercer than intended. 
 He blinked. “Having some wine.” 
“You’re putting this girl in serious danger.”
His smile widened. “Are you talking about the thing last night? Don’t worry about that, Jet. I have it under control.”
My jaw again took up residence between my nipples. “You have it under control? No, Benny, you do not have it under control!”
“Yes I do, Jet,” he said matter of factly, fighting back laughter as if I was hilariously overreacting to a forgotten cup coaster.
Anderson’s eyes drifted between us. 
“What are you talking about?” she spoke up.
“This man is not stable, Anderson,” I said firmly, “He’s been slipping, and your being here is very likely to worsen the situation.”
She turned to Benny, who had thrown back his head to bellow laughter.
“What is he talking about?” she asked.
“Jet’s just a little emotional,” he replied jovially, “He’s been in some difficult situations lately. It’s understandable. Come now, Jet. You’re ruining the mood. Grab a glass of wine. Have a seat and tell us about it.”
Clara’s eyes returned to me. I gave her a stern look. One which I hoped conveyed the seriousness of the situation.
“Maybe I’ll just come back another time,” she said, standing and straightening her skirt.
“No, don’t be ridiculous,” Benny insisted, “Sit, relax. It’s all just a big misunderstanding. Tell her, Jet, for God’s sake. You’ve got the poor girl rattled, you silly bastard.”
“Another time,” she declared, heading for the door. 
“Wait! Clara,” Benny called after her, “Really, it’s okay! Jesus Christ, Jet, will you tell her? Clara!”
She stepped out the door and it clicked shut. His eyes turned to me.
“Well I hope you’re happy,” he muttered, shaking his head. But there was no menace in the words. Just playful mock disgust. “You know how long it took me to get her back here?”
“What’s going on with you, Benny?” I said, perching on the couch across from him. “How could you bring that girl in here after what happened…?”
“I told you, Jet, I have it under control.”
He leaned forward and started rolling a cigarette.
“You don’t Benny. I’m telling you, you don’t have it under control. Bethany, Brent, either one of them could have attacked Anderson. And you…” I struggled to meet his gaze. “You could have killed me last night, do your realise that?”
“Killed you?” He frowned. “Now you’re just being melodramatic.”
I gestured to the window. “You nearly put me straight through that glass. Do you even remember? I saw you, Benny. I looked in your eyes. You were God damn terrifying. That demon is tearing your mind apart.”
He glanced at the window, “We really should get that fixed, shouldn’t we?” then back at me, “Look, Jet, maybe I slipped. Maybe I scared you a little. And I’m sorry about that. But let’s not forget who was blowing up various buildings just a couple of months ago, okay?  You’re overreacting. I am in complete control, I assure you.” The rolled cigarette was raised for approval. “See? Nothing else is going to happen. Let’s just forget about it, please. The whole thing is a little embarrassing. And really, if you liked Clara you just had to say so and I would’ve backed off. No need to scare her away.”
His words sounded genuine. I felt myself relaxing. But the pit did not leave my stomach. “Benny…”
“You look like you’re in rather a lot of pain, buddy. Don’t you have meds for that hand?’
“Yes. Look, Benny…”
“Well don’t take any yet,” he cut in, placing the finished cigarette between his lips, “I remember you saying something about wanting to learn this…” A flame sprang to life from between his pinched fingertips. “You still want to learn or what? Basics coming up on Tuesday.”
I hesitated at length. “Yes, I need to learn the spell.”
“Then let’s get busy, buddy.”

*****

…imprint.
Three hours later I had learned the flame from fingertips spell. Benny turned out to be an exceptional teacher, better in many ways then those found at the Academy. I managed results even with a burning coal now living under the bandage on my hand.
The spell itself, although in the same ballpark as other Reality Manipulation alterations, turned out to be easier to grasp. At least for me.
“What creates fire?” Benny had asked, “Heat, air and fuel, as everyone knows. And you’ll find an abundance of these ingredients just about everywhere. Fire, as it turns out, is a potential in almost all circumstances.”
“Alright.”
“Keep listening. When you press your fingertips together,” he had pinched his fingers in demonstration, “you are compressing air between them. This air has the potential to combust, so all you need to do is ignite it with a spark of heat. This can be done with Spirit. Just a tiny amount is needed, not too much or the flame will be suffocated. Then, when the flame has been lit, you need only keep feeding it tiny amounts of Spirit. This will keep the new air that moves in to replace the expended air combusting.”
“Benny.”
“What?”
“That sounds…pretty unfeasible. Are you sure that’s how it works?”
“Yes it is.”
“I really don’t think it is. Fire doesn’t work like that. It needs gas or…”
“Jet, you’re missing the point. Listen to me. It is possible. As possible as electronic nonsense and plastic parts creating a television, bits of metal, circuits and other shit creating a super computer, or a caterpillar turning into a butterfly.”
“That’s not the same thing.”
“Jet,” he had muttered, sighing in exasperation, “It is the same thing, that’s the point of this spell. You have no idea how a computer works but accept it, because it does work and it’s a great way to get twenty four hour access to porn. Now look here…” From between his fingers the flame had ignited. “It works. You can see it works. Draw your own conclusions.”
“But…” Little wheels had clanked over in my head. “Okay. I see what you’re saying.”
“Between your fingers you are compressing air. All that is needed to ignite that air is your willingness to believe it is possible. And viola. The flame is not the spell, Jet. It’s what’s happening in your head.”
I had closed my eyes, squeezed my fingers together, and lo and behold upon releasing a tiny snap of Spirit a flame had burned.
Presently, as I sat with a steady flame burning between my fingers, I marvelled at the flexibility of my own gullible mind.
“Visualise, reach out and imprint,” I muttered to myself.
“Well done,” Benny said with a grin, “Not so hard when you get the idea, right? And it’s a very versatile magic. A lot that can be done with it, if you have the right conviction. Not easy though, when you start getting to the more complex elements.”
“I can imagine.” I gazed into the flame. “That’s another obstacle hurdled. Thank you.”
“No sweat, buddy. I’ll add it to your tab.”
 He paused, puffing on another cigarette. “So, where were you today?”
I parted my fingers and the flame vanished. “Little Dreamers.”
“The white wall. Found it?”
“Yes.”
“What else did you find?”
“Evidence my grandmother has been there. Solid evidence.”
“And you came across this evidence how?”
“The teacher. Trisha.”
“And?”
“I’ll investigate the place further. When I’m an official Enforcer.”
“Of course.’ He cleared his throat and sighed. “Fine. Here’s a question for you, Jet. Something to think about. What are you going to do when you find your mother and grandmother? What are you going to do after that?”
“What do you mean?”
“Simple question. What will you do after you’ve found them? Got plans? Any ideas?”
My brain ground to a halt. I tried to imagine the day after bringing Fran and Liza Clarence to justice. But there was nothing. “I don’t know.”
“I see. And you’re worried about me and my mental state? Interesting.”
With that he stood and headed to his room.

*****

Moments later I stalked into my own room, eyes scanning feverishly for the painkillers. They were nowhere to be seen.
“What the hell,” I growled, hand probing around on the desk. Not there. I got on hands and knees and searched around the desk and under the chair. Still nothing. Straining, able to use only one hand, I pulled the desk away from the wall and checked behind. 
“Where the hell…?” The search became more frantic. I pulled down my uniform and patted the pockets, ripped open the bedside table drawer and tossed out the contents, threw back my bed blankets and pillows, groping beneath them, all the while unaware that a figure stood in the corner and watched. Finally I looked up and registered the intruder. The demon stared.
“What?!” I spat at it.
It said nothing.
“Get out of here!”
It went nowhere.
“Fine, you son of a bitch. Stick around. Got a present for you. Stick around for two seconds…” I glanced around desperately, finally spotting my Cadet boots. My eyes lit up. “Ah. Just a second there, buddy…” I stumbled forward and reached into one, then the other. The painkillers were in the second. Two were tipped into my hand. 
“Don’t like these, do you?” I said smugly, holding one up for the demon to see. “See you later.”
I tossed a pill into my mouth and swallowed, then plonked into my chair and drew in a slow breath. They would kick in soon. But after a moment peculiar thoughts began to line up. I frowned and looked up at the blue-face. Its red eyes watched me. A tiny spark of realisation blossomed. The implications made my eyes widen.
“How did they get in that boot?” I asked the demon.
It refused to dignify such accusations with an answer.
“Did you put them in there?”
I cast my mind back to the morning, trying to recall a moment the pill bottle might have accidentally landed up in the boot. While I dressed perhaps… 
Euphoria began to descend as the pills kicked in. The demon faded.
“Adios you son of a bitch,” I muttered, “Not in the mood.”
The rest of the day was spent in front of my desk, nose in various books and bullet point lists up to my eyeballs. Again the painkillers aided me, and again I managed to plough through until the early hours.
The next morning, upon being dropped outside the Academy by a cheerful Benny, confidence in my ability to pass the theory part of the Basics had never been higher. The only real problem remaining was Delaney.
“Wouldn’t take those meds in the Academy,” Benny said as I climbed from the car, “Stunts your magic.”
“Thanks. I know.”
Astonishingly the Academy appeared to be running like clockwork; this despite an entire wing of the facility being closed for investigation and repairs. A brief glance at the notice board revealed that training sessions had been shuffled and reorganised to accommodate missing halls.
‘Please bear with us in this trying time,’ a hand written note said at the bottom of the schedule, ‘We thank you for being patient and understanding until normal classes are resumed.’
I headed first for the medical wing where the dressing on my hand was changed.
“Is it still hurting? Would you like more medication?” the nurse asked.
“It doesn’t hurt so badly today,” I replied, grimacing as she tightened the bandages, “Got some if I need them.” I patted my top pocket and realised the bottle was absent. “Damn.”
On my way to Raw Spirit management, I came upon an arrangement of flowers and handful of framed photos in a central area. Depicted was the Academy staff that had perished. I stood for a moment and picked out the face of Gibson. In the photo he was smiling.
 My mind presented me with an image of Judy, her head snapping to the side and pink mist ejecting from beside her ear. Beside her was Linda, turning slowly into a living skeleton.
“Funny, right?” a voice said.
I looked up and saw a young female Cadet beside me.
“What’s funny?”
“No photos of any of the patients.”
“Maybe they didn’t have enough space.”
“Wanna bet they would have found the space if it were a hundred Enforcers that had died?”
“I guess.”
“This is for you. Good luck.” She handed me a folded note and stalked off.

‘Cadet Clarence. Be reminded of your appointment
at the Mental Wellness Centre. 2PM.’

I sighed and tucked the note into a pocket.
The Raw Spirit Management session turned out to be a major success. I managed to catch and absorb multiple projectiles from Lotz with little trouble, having to favour one hand and keep the injured at my side.
“Excellent work, Clarence!” Lotz beamed.
“Thank you, ma’am.”
 Once during the session I glimpsed Anderson, her eyes studying me from across the hall. But no words were exchanged.
 After class I headed to the canteen for my coffee requirement. Upon signalling for a second cup I looked up and saw Lotz entering the canteen. She approached the bar and ordered something, then spotted me and stood in silent contemplation. I did my best to radiate an unwelcoming aura. But after accepting her mug of tea she headed in my direction.
“Sitting alone, Jet?” she asked.
“So it seems, ma’am.”
“Elaine. Neutral ground, remember?”
“Of course, Elaine.”
“Shall I join you?”
My brain failed to present a valid excuse in a timely fashion. I nodded and she slipped into the chair.
“You did well in class today,” she began, sipping her tea, “You’re really taking to it.”
“Thank you. I do think I’m getting the hang of it.”
“Your Spirit Level really is remarkable, you know.” Her eyes twinkled. She resembled a horsepower obsessed mechanic referring to a powerful vehicle. 
“I’ve heard so before. In fact I never stop hearing about it.”
“Yes. I’m sure.”
A silence settled in and she studied my face. I dropped my eyes. My brain, having failed to avoid the situation altogether, now attempted to concoct an escape plan. I had settled on mumbling something about having to get to a class and excusing myself, but she broke the tension with a sudden laugh.
“Who is the lucky girl?” she asked.
“I beg your pardon?”
“You’re in love, Jet. Who’s the lucky girl?”
“I’m what…?”
“In love. Aren’t you?” She gazed at me innocently.
My tongue struggled to untie itself. “No. Not as far as I can tell.”
She laughed again, a musical tinkle that echoed through the canteen. “Of course you are, I can tell. And I’m not very skilled in any magic beyond Raw Spirit Manipulation. So who is it? Clara?”
“Clara? I hardly know her.”
“Then who?”
I sat back, brow furrowing. Something about the woman’s insistence made me pause. In a parallel world a hand was stroking my cheek and sunlight was turning black hair into threads of silk.
“I don’t think I am,” I replied carefully.
“You don’t think you are? Maybe you’re just afraid she doesn’t feel the same?”
“It’s complicated.”
“You should un-complicate it.”
 “Trust me when I say some things are beyond simplification.”
“Maybe not so much as you think, Jet.” She smiled, sipping her tea. “The complications are all just so much distracting fluff. When you strip it away, the truth of the thing is as simple as simple can be.”
“Ah. I’ll take that into consideration.”
“You do that.”
We lapsed into silence again and I downed the remainder of my coffee. “Have an appointment at the Mental Wellness Centre.”
“Well, you don’t want to be late,” she replied amiably.
“Of course.” I stood. “Thank you for the talk, Miss Lotz. Elaine.”
“My pleasure. My door is open if you want to talk.”
“I’ll also take that into consideration.”

CHAPTER 15

Upon finding the Mental Wellness Centre and entering I was greeted by an atmosphere of still calm, created by carefully controlled air-conditioning and various abstract wall decorations. This, naturally, put me into an immediate state of semi-anxiety, since ambiences of artificial calm reminded me of the dentist, which in turn gave me visions of butchers attempting to relax cattle before the slaughterhouse. 
A young woman behind a desk smiled up at my arrival.
“Jet Clarence?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Please go through. They are expecting you.”
I attempted to return the smile and headed through a door. Then I was in a well lit room, one that did little to dispel my anxiety. The place was made up entirely of shining plastic and the colour white. A large red chair, the only non-white article, faced a wooden desk at the rear of the room. The chair made every effort to appear comfortable with ample cushioning, but still somehow vibrated a ‘torture device in disguise’ aura. On either side of the chair two smiling people waited, a man and a woman. Both were dressed in Enforcer uniforms and both doing as successful a job of being welcoming as the red chair.
“Hello, Mister Clarence,” the short balding man said. Thick spectacles magnified his already abnormally large eyes. “How are you?”
“Fine. Thank you.”
I looked at them uneasily, trying to decide on what level I was about to be violated. The disarming smiles suggested rubber gloves might be called for.
“Why don’t you take a seat,” the woman suggested. A person who might once have been attractive, prior to unintentionally joining the ‘vampire-look-alike’ club.
“Alright,” I agreed. I stepped forward and descended into the red chair. “What are we going to do here?”
“No need to be alarmed,” the man declared brightly, “We’re just here to talk.”
The two stepped over to the desk and settled into chairs. Bizarrely, I noted, the finely polished wooden desk seemed to serve no other purpose than to act as a physical barrier. It stood completely bare of items.
“How’s the hand?” the woman asked.
“Better today.”
“Good. Are you on any medication?”
“I took painkillers last night. None today.”
“Good.” She smiled. “We understand you were involved in the tragic events that ended the life of Judy Carlson.” Her voice reflected hours of practice at sounding sincere.
“Yes. Hence the hand, ma’am.”
 “No formalities, please. You also were present during the tragic events that led to her escape from the Academy. Correct?”
“Yes.”
“It must have been very troubling. Witnessing a person’s death in that way,” the bespectacled man added.
“It was.”
“Are you experiencing feelings of regret?” he asked, “Perhaps responsibility?”
My stomach tightened. Indeed I felt regret. But had no desire to discuss the affair with strangers who wore sincerity like a mask. “No. Well, I regret what happened to her. It’s very unfortunate.”
There was a pause in which both regarded me silently. I got the impression of having given an incorrect answer in a verbal quiz.
“It is a difficult job that of an Enforcer,” the woman said, “Sometimes conflicting decisions must be made. Unsettling events are witnessed. It can cause emotional distress. We are here to help manage that distress, because, as I’m sure you’re aware, it is essential that Enforcers keep clear minds. Unstable Enforcers can be a problem.”
 “I understand that,” I replied, shifting in the seat, “But I think I’ll be okay. There is no need to worry about me. I’ll come forward if I believe I’m becoming unstable.”
Again they looked at me in silence. Again the impression I had ticked the wrong box on a multiple choice exam.
“I’m not sure what it is you want me to say,” I added, “Is there something I’m not doing right?”
“There is no right or wrong,” the man said quickly, “We just want to talk.”
“Okay.”
“It’s okay to feel remorse,” the woman jumped in, “Enforcers are not required to be infallible.”
I hesitated. Tension was mounting. It dawned on me my ‘Active’ status was sitting in the balance.
“Yes, I feel remorse.” I said carefully, “Judy didn’t deserve to die.”
“Of course she didn’t,” the man agreed, “and it’s not your fault she did.”
‘It’s not your burden to carry,” the woman added.
“No, not my burden,” I repeated.
The two exchanged glances. They seemed satisfied.
“How is your relationship with your demon?” the woman asked “Any peculiarities?”
I swallowed. “None.”
“We have a procedure,” the man said, “which can help ease your remorse. Rehabilitation.”
“It’s optional,” the woman assured, “At this time. But some choose to have it done voluntarily.”
“What procedure,” I asked.
“We can help influence memories of the tragedy,” the man said with a smile, “Make them more agreeable. You wouldn’t even know it had been done.”
“Many choose this option,” the woman said, “It is fast and simple. Helped by your willingness to cooperate. For many Veteran Enforcers it is a new lease on life.”
My eyes moved between them. Their smiles glowed.
“Thank you for the suggestion,” I said, “I appreciate it. But at this moment I don’t believe it necessary.”
“We offer the same to everyone in your situation,” the woman reassured, “There is no stigma attached. You understand?”
“I understand. Thank you.”
“Good.” The man beamed. “Then you don’t want to be late for your next lesson.”
I returned the smile, stood, and exited.
As I stepped into the corridor a hand grabbed my arm. I spun to see Benny, his face glistening with sweat. My hurt lurched. 
“We need to go,” he said solemnly, “Now.”
“What is it?”
“It’s Selena. Let’s go!”


*****

Benny’s car weaved up a main city street, heading towards the central district.
“She contacted one of the witnesses,” he explained, “Looks like she’s finally making her move.”
“She contacted a witness? Directly?”
“Yes. And that little contingency spell left in place had the witness contact me.”
“Selena wouldn’t know that?”
“Not sure. Either way I had him organise a meeting with her. I told him to make it at a place across town. But somehow it landed up being here.”
We arrived at a city park and Benny pulled into a parking bay. Ahead of us, stretching off to a duck-infested lake, neatly trimmed lawn was laid out like green carpet. Clusters of civilians hovered at regular intervals, crowding around outdoor tables and picnic baskets.
Benny had barely opened his door when a figure approached at speed.
“Where the hell have you been,” the middle aged man asked.
“Relax,” Benny replied, “Plenty of time. Now tell me how this landed up being in a public park? I was very clear about where I wanted it to be.” 
I climbed from the car and lo and behold before me stood Morris Chapman. He still sported a grey moustache stolen from a vintage film. The last time we met he had been shooting at me with a silver pistol in his penthouse.
“She insisted,” he replied to Benny, glancing at me. No indication was made that I had been recognised.
Benny sighed. “She insisted? Christ’s sake, Morris…”
“Why just the two of you?” Chapman snapped, “You said there’d be a squad.”
“A team is on the way. Tell me exactly what she said.”
“She said she suspected foul play in her case and wanted to discuss it with me. How many in this team, Enforcer?”
“Kingston.”
“Kingston. I heard this woman is extremely dangerous. How many?”
“She is extremely dangerous. But we’ll be ready, don’t worry.”
Bizarrely, Chapman didn’t even seem to recognise Benny. I wondered if he remembered how to tie his shoelaces.
“What else did she say,” Benny prompted.
“Just that. And she wanted to meet me in the park. You said I had to make the meeting under any circumstances. I tried to change her mind but…”
“It’s fine. Where in the park?”
“I don’t know. She just said the park. Am I going to be safe, Kingston?”
“You’ll be safe, Mister Chapman. Now, if you please, there is a protective vest in my car’s trunk. Put it on under your shirt.”
Chapman moved to obey as a black van entered the parking lot. It pulled up and allowed six plainclothes Enforcers to jump out, then moved off again. A burly mid-forties man marched toward us. His neck was hidden somewhere between immense shoulders.
“Kingston,” he said, “Six of the finest. Plainclothes. Another van is incoming.”
“And these men are Defence and Countermeasures experts?” Benny asked.
The burly man nodded. “Yes. The best that could be arranged at such short notice. Now you wanna tell me what the hell we’re doing here?”
Benny jerked his thumb at Chapman. “Selena is coming for the witness.”
“Selena Stephania? Holy shit,” the burly man sneered, “I knew this would come and bite us in the ass, Kingston. Doing upkeep on the shit you pull is seriously getting out of hand. You hear me? Rein it in you stupid bastard.”
“Thanks for the advice. I’ll be sure and give my regards to your wife next time we’re cleaning up a harem of whores on your behalf. Shall I?”
“You’re such an asshole, Kingston. That was eight God damned years ago. Is this operation even authorised?”
“It was the moment you got here. Thank you for your trust, Commander.”
The burly man narrowed his eyes and spat a glob of phlegm on the ground. “Just tell me what we’re doing.”
“Stephania is due here shortly. She’ll likely make contact with the witness and try to escort him elsewhere as quickly as possible. I would like your men in this park, blending, and ready to act. My guess is she won’t risk injuring civilians, though I can’t be certain of that. So it’s just a matter of force and advantage of numbers. We bring her in, simple as that. Non-lethally, as a first option.” He paused, then added; “With your consent, Commander.”
The burly man swept his head around to inspect the environment. “There is a real risk of civilian injuries here, Kingston. Look at this place. I can’t take the heat for authorising this shit if it goes sour. You know that. I’m already under enquiry…”
“I know, relax. It won’t go sour. You have my word.”
“It better not. Where are we putting the lure?”
“I’m thinking that table there,” Benny replied, pointing to a stone table on the far side of the grassed area.
“Lure?” Chapman cut in. He stepped up, refastening buttons. “Enforcers, if I am injured in any way…”
“Your safety is our top priority,” the burly man responded, “You are in no danger and we thank you for your participation Mister…”
“Chapman.” 
“…Chapman. Please step over to the van and you will be issued with a two-way communications radio.”
Chapman frowned for effect. But I had an inkling refusal was not an option for him. He headed for the van. The burly man looked round and spotted me.
“You’re Clarence,” he said matter of factly.
“Yes.”
“Heard about you,” He glanced at my bandaged hand, “Heard about the girl, Judy Carlson. Either way I’m glad you’re here. I’ve heard your Spirit Level is a force to be reckoned with.”
A second van arrived and ejected more Enforcers.
“Right, lets get this show on the road,” Benny declared.
The dozen Enforcers gathered and the burly man addressed them.
“She is dangerous and very powerful. I’m sure you’re all aware. This parking is the only entrance, so keep your eyes open and wait. Let her get to the table before moving. Do not look her in the eyes, avoid being within ten meters of her proximity, and do not lose your focus. When she gets within range of the table, I will give the order to move. Do so quickly; surround her, contain her, and put her down. And for the love of God do not let this woman inside your head. She is highly trained and very capable.” He paused, his stern eyes drifting from face to face. “And this is a populated area, Enforcers. I’m sure I don’t need to tell you that. Raw Spirit is a last resort. Any reckless discharges will not be tolerated.”
There were murmurs of agreement. The group spread out and disappeared into the park. After a few seconds, I could not tell which men were Enforcers and which civilians. The burly man turned to Chapman. 
“Do not look at her. Do not talk to her. Do not even acknowledge her. Do you understand? Just sit there and keep your mouth closed. Let her come to you.”
“I understand,” Chapman replied.
“You do not need to signal us she has arrived, we will have seen her. You do not have to signal us to act. We will do so when we are ready. And most importantly, Mister Chapman, do your very best to not even think about us. We will act before she is close enough to effectively probe your mind but it does not hurt to be cautious. Understood?”
He nodded. “Yes.”
‘Then move to the table. Let’s get this over with, Mister Chapman.’
Chapman headed to the table. The burly man turned to me and Benny. 
“Well, let’s go, Enforcers. When this is over we’re even, Kingston. You get me? I don’t wanna hear about it. Not ever again.”
“Agreed. We’re even.”
The three of us moved to a cluster of benches at the far end of the parking lot. Behind them, a wall of towering trees whispered as they swayed in the mid-afternoon breeze. The position allowed a clear line of sight on Chapman and the parking area, as well as being partially masked by a low hedge.
A teen couple occupied one of the benches and the burly man addressed them. “Move along please. Official Enforcer business.”
The two exchanged glances. 
“What’s going on,” the boy asked.
“Nothing of significance. We’re just observing. Please move along. Perhaps you’d better head home.”
They moved off and we sat. All three of us faced into the parking lot.
“Eye’s peeled,” the burly man said, “Don’t let her sneak up on us. But be casual. Don’t stare when she arrives. Once you’ve seen her just divert your eyes.”
I wiped away cold sweat, watching, waiting. Selena would enter via the parking lot’s mouth sixty meters away. Minutes ticked by. After what seemed an age of listening to nearby chatter and watching cars arriving and exiting, Benny glanced at his watch.
“She’s due now,” he said.
My eyes scanned the parking lot, jumping from car to car. I examined the face of every new person. She was nowhere. A few more minutes ticked by. Then fifteen. Then thirty. Then forty-five. The tension melted. Part of me sighed in relief.
“She’s not coming,” Benny sighed.
 “Or she got tipped off and left,” the burly man snorted, “Waste of my time. Let’s clear out.”
We stood, emitting various sighs and groans. The burly man spoke into a radio.
“Alright Enforcers, we’re clearing out. She’s not coming. Bring in the vans.”
We headed back towards the centre of the parking lot. The sun had passed its peak and crept down towards the tree lined horizon. The park was now bubbling with activity.
I glanced at Chapman, wondering if he had blown it and tipped her off. The expression on his face halted me. He was staring at us with saucer eyes, face glowing red from sun exposure.
“Something’s wrong with Chapman,” I said.
The others stopped and followed my gaze.
“Think he just has a mild case of sun stroke,” Benny muttered.
There was an awkward pause. Around us the wind picked up and the leaf canopies whispered. Then Chapman tilted his head, ever so subtly, towards the lake. His lips were so tightly pressed together, they turned white.
I diverted my eyes and looked out over the glittering water. There was nothing but a group of snowy white ducks.
“Go get him,” the burly man told Benny.
The ducks began to part, drifting off and leaving a clear path. Between them came a small wooden boat. And in the boat was a figure.
“Oh shit,” I muttered.
The other two spotted the boat and watched as it beached under a weeping willow. The figure, partially masked by a group of civilians, hopped out and stood on the shore.
“Is it her?” the burly man whispered, squinting his eyes. He raised the radio. “Enforcer’s, belay that order. Hold your positions. Repeat; hold positions. Possible sighting on the shore. Can someone confirm?”
Chapman was now visibly trembling. Something wasn’t right.
The figure, meanwhile, was still. Its head turned as it inspected the park. I could envision flashlight beams from its eyes moving over the surrounding civilians.
“It’s her,” a voice whispered back from the radio.
Benny restrained an exclamation of delight. We turned and strolled back to the benches.
“Stay in position,” the burly man said into the radio, “Same plan. Just note she is coming from the shore, repeat, the shore. Not the parking lot.”
It was as we reached the benches that I sat and turned my attention back to Chapman. His face was now a frozen mask of terror. Something was definitely not right…
“Chapman’s losing it,” I muttered.
As I squinted at him a sense of misplaced uncertainty crept into my mind. My instinct seemed to be acutely aware of something my brain was not, insisting I should look deeper, probe harder; see the face in the clouds. Still I could see nothing but Chapman’s horrified expression.
‘Ignore me,’ a little voice said, ‘Ignore me, ignore me…’
Vertigo pulled at my stomach and distantly the warning buzz began to sound. I found my Place of Calm. Like a switch completing a circuit my focus snapped into reality. A second figure was standing meters behind Chapman. And always had been.
“There’s someone else there,” I gasped, “By Chapman. There! They’re Ghosting!’
Benny and the burly man looked, frowning. After a moment their expressions reflected what my eyes were already seeing.
“Oh shit,” Benny breathed, “Oh my God…”
The instant the figure was identified it began to move. It grabbed Chapman by the scruff of the neck and dragged him towards the shore.
“Chapman! Eyes on Chapman!” the burly man roared into the radio, “There’s a second person! A second person!”
“Repeat that? Second person? Can’t confirm,” the radio responded.
I watched in dumbfounded awe as the figure guided Chapman across the park, weaving between civilians, passing through groups, dodging around couples, all the while seeming to be invisible. Confused heads turned; Enforcers attempting to spot them, but glazed eyes saw nothing. Even when the pair passed meters away.
“Oh shit, oh shit,” I heard Benny snarl. He looked at me, teeth clenched, then grabbed the radio from the burly man’s hand. “All Enforcers, move on the person by the shore! Now, now, now!” His eyes fixed on me again. “Let’s move, Jet!” And then he was tearing off into the park.

*****

Enforcers began to detach from the crowds and move rapidly towards the shore. The burly man, still beside me, stood stunned for a moment. Then shoved me forward.
“Go, Clarence!”
I stumbled onto the grass and fell in behind Benny, who was in full sprint heading to intercept Chapman and the mystery figure. Around us civilians were starting to take notice. Heads looked round and excited muttering rose up like the hiss of a waterfall.
The mystery figure glanced around as Benny closed the gap and I glimpsed a face. Jenny “The Assistant” Buckland. For an instant her eyes locked on his then he was colliding with the ground, like a sports car having a blow out at 200kmph; the result of his legs turning to jelly beneath him in mid-sprint. 
‘Absurd,’ I thought as he shrieked and writhed on the ground, ‘Benny was supposed to be a specialist at resisting such attacks.’
I moved in to take his place as from the shore came an enormous POP - a sound that acted as the proverbial straw, tipping civilians from dumb staring to terrified gasps. All at once the park was a mad symphony of screaming faces and fleeing bodies.
Jenny spotted my approach, still pulling Chapman by the scruff of his neck. She turned to face me, shoulders squared and face flushed with adrenalin. My world began to contract and stomach exploded with vertigo. Black tentacles reached out and probed at my mind. I pushed them back.
“God bless you, Delaney,” I muttered, arms pumping at my sides. 
I covered the last few meters. Jenny raised a hand.
‘No way would she take a shot with civilians so nearby,” I thought. And a second later flinched as a bolt went sailing passed my ear.
“Let him go!” I yelled at her.
She glanced at the shore; it sizzled with a barrage of angry SNAPS, and then fired at me again. The bolt smacked into my raised palm and was drawn away to join my reserves. 
“And God bless Elaine Lotz.”
The gap was closed and I grabbed Chapman by the arm. Jenny grabbed the other, face contorting with desperate panic. The dazed man was turned into an unconventional tug-of-war. 
“Let him go!” I yelled again.
She did not. I raised a hand and fired directly into her body, returning the gift of Spirit so recently given. There was a POP. My hair tussled and clothes fluttered. Then she was catapulting backwards. Her flight ended in a confused flaying of limbs, body sliding to a halt near the lake. 
“Are you alright?” I asked Chapman.
He responded with a blank stare.
“Give him to me,” panted the burly man, arriving on the scene with chest heaving. 
Behind him, the parking area was a chaos of three dozen people, all attempting to leave at once.
“There!” I said, pointing to Jenny’s motionless body, “Make sure she doesn’t recover.”
“I’ve got her, Clarence. Help with Stephania! Go!”
I turned my attention to the shore. The Spirit carnage was dying down as Enforcers crowded in, several holding injured body parts. Selena was on her knees. Around her the ground smouldered with miniature impact craters.
“She’s down, she’s down,” an Enforcer was shouting, “Move in, keep her surrounded.”
She made no further attempt to fight back and a pang of emotion shot through me at seeing her so submissive. A part of me even dared insist I should be helping her. I sent that part to sit in the corner with a dunce cap. Had I said God bless Lotz? God damn her for planting such ridiculous seeds in my head. 
Benny stumbled to my side, face twisted in agony. I offered a supporting shoulder.
“You okay?”
“Fine. Damn ribs again.”
I watched as one of the Enforcers moved in to neutralize Selena.
“Selena Stephania, you are under arrest…” 
From behind a small clumsy bolt came sailing forward and thudded into an Enforcer’s lower back. He yelped and staggered. I spun, expecting Jenny had recovered and overpowered the burly man. But approaching from the parking area was, instead, a group of a half dozen civilians, seemingly, random men and women. More came rushing in to join them.
“What the hell is this,” Benny muttered.
“I’m not sure.”
My eyes scanned the crowd. First instinct told me Selena had manipulated them, creating a backup plan if things got out of control.
“Leave that girl alone!” one of them shouted.
The Enforcers turned to face the new threat. 
“You are interfering in official Department of Magic business!” an Enforcer yelled, “Leave the area immediately! Now!”
The crowd lingered at fifty meters, creating the first Mexican standoff I had ever had the pleasure of participating in. The moment drew on.
And then, glimpsed through the mounting tension, I felt the presence. It churned in the air clinging to the crowd, swirling and frothing gently, crossing form person to person.
“Benny, do you feel it?” I whispered. “The Crowd Surfing Spell.”
“What?”
 “It’s here. In that crowd. The same from the hall.”
“Impossible, Jet. We’re miles from the Academy.”
“Leave her alone!” another civilian shouted. “We’ve had enough! The line is being drawn, right here, right now! Judy Carlson is the last person the D.O.M will treat like an animal!”
The Enforcers exchanged glances, none expecting nor prepared for the protocol of dealing with hostile civilians. An energy existed on this side of the line as well, though this one not magical. It was simply a combined unspoken fear; ‘riot’.
More civilians were joining the crowd, drifting in from the parking area. Some even wondered in from beyond the park. Like a memo had been sent out calling a gathering.
“Clear the area immediately!” an Enforcer yelled again.
There was a pregnant pause. Again came hints of the presence, playing peek-a-boo with my mind. Then the tension shattered as Selena sent three Enforcers somersaulting into the air with an ear splitting BOOM. A shockwave buffeted me to the ground, and as the world spun I caught glimpses of civilians scattering like cockroaches. On all sides Enforcers sprawled like bowling pins.
This was followed by a sound of rapid footsteps on grass, then a scream and series of frantic electric POPS. I looked up and glimpsed two brave men attempting to block Selena’s path to the boat. But their efforts were silenced. The blast sent rippling waves across the lake’s surface.
By the time I staggered back to my feet water was showering me. The boat was shooting back across the lake, Selena aboard. Bolts flew after her from confused Enforcers, but were half-hearted. Defeat accepted.
 The boat slowed and she released another burst into the water, propelling the vessel for the remaining distance to the opposite shore.


CHAPTER 16

Sitting in the ‘dentist’s chair’ of the local D.O.M Jenny managed to maintain an aura of defiance.
“When did Selena first contact you?” Benny demanded, “Was it via telephone?”
She gazed off over his head, developing a profound interest in the sluggishly turning ceiling fan.
“Did she threaten you? Why did you decide to help her kidnap the witness? Jenny?”
No answer. I almost admired how disinterested she appeared.
“Come on, Jenny, there’s no point in this. Speak to me. Why bother with this bullshit tough-girl charade?”
“How are the ribs?” she asked nonchalantly.
Benny bristled. “You got lucky.”
“I’m not speaking to you, Enforcer Kingston. Or Clarence. It’s my right to not answer. I’m taking that right.”
“Sure, it’s your right. Well done on exercising it so masterfully, we’re both very impressed. Aren’t we, Jet?”
I nodded. 
“But you are going to talk, Jenny. You know you are. You have information on an escaped convict and it’s coming out one way or another. I’ll be authorised to take it any minute now. You know that. Just save the discomfort and tell me.’
Her eyes remained fixed on the fan. It made a gentle plink, plink, plink.  
Benny sighed and sat on the desk beside me. When he spoke his tone was one of genuine apprehension.
“Ever been probed by a specialist? Your privacy means nothing to them, Jenny. You will very quickly wish you had spoken to me. Alright? This is my last offer. Please, talk to me.”
The first glimpses of trepidation appeared in her eyes. The door opened and the head of Benny’s Chief Commander appeared. His eyes settled on me.
“You’re a very busy Cadet, Clarence.”
“I try, Commander.”
“Feeling alright? You look like hell.”
“Yes, sir. I’m fine.”
He turned to Benny. “A word please, Kingston.”
The door closed behind them. I was left alone with Jenny.
Plink, plink, plink.
“How do you do that?” I asked, ‘The Ghosting. It’s a very impressive technique. Must be useful.”
“She really liked you, you know.” Her voice was sombre. “When I told her you were at the penthouse with Kingston she didn’t believe me.”
My cheeks were suddenly so cold I feared they might be blue. “Was never at that penthouse.”
“She told me I must be wrong, that my prediction was inaccurate. The first time she ever questioned me about it. But I knew you were there. It was obvious from the first time I laid eyes on you. Would have been to her as well, but I guess she was in denial.”
I opened my mouth but words refused to emerge.
Plink, plink, plink.
“I Ghost the same way I perform Logical Predict,” she continued, “I accept people’s true natures. Sometimes they just don’t want to see things right in front of their eyes, even when it’s screaming them in the face.” She paused, eyes narrowing. “I hope she loses it completely, Clarence. I really do. It’s the only way she’ll attack you outright. And I wish I could be there to see the look on your face when it happens.”
The door opened and Benny returned with clipboard in hand.
 “Jenny Buckland,” he said, referring to a clipboard, “I, Junior Enforcer Kingston, First Class, have been granted authority to extract vital information, by force. If you refuse to answer, this authority will be exercised.”
She stared at him defiantly.
“You were involved in an open attempt to kidnap a witness, assisting known felon Selena Stephania. Do you know where she is?”
Her mouth remained closed but body tensed in anticipation. Small fingers gripping the chair’s armrests.
 “Are you going to cooperate in questioning? You refuse to answer? Fine, have it your own way.” He glanced at me. “Watch her, Jet.”
The clipboard was placed aside. He crouched and pulled carefully hidden leather straps from beneath the armrests. They were fastened over her arms.
‘No wonder I didn’t trust that chair,’ I thought absently.
 Her chin was gripped between thumb and forefinger and he stared into her eyes. She attempted to resist, desperately turning her head away. But a moment later her teeth clamped down on lower lip hard enough to draw blood. It took less than ten seconds.
“Christ, she doesn’t even know,” Benny snorted, standing. The movement brought a grimace to his face and a hand jumped to his ribs. “They only spoke on the phone. Selena never mentioned her location. She knew we would get to Jenny eventually.”
Jenny, blood trickling down her chin, tried and failed to contain tears of resentment. The image triggered uninvited memories of Claudia the receptionist.
“Thank you for your cooperation,” Benny muttered, voice hollow, “You will be retired to a containment facility where you will be detained until your trial. This trial will be free and fair under Department Of Magic regulations…”
“Please just get out,” she whispered.
We headed for the door without another word.

*****

My Basics, the theory part, passed in a blur of papers, pens and information regurgitation. The proceedings started at 7AM and pushed through until 12PM, during which I wrote two separate papers, with a short break between. By the last question I could have been answering in gibberish and would not have known. All in all, however, I felt fairly confident I had at least been in the right ball park.
After lunch the practical part was set to commence. And although a much quicker process the lingering inevitability of facing Delaney was foremost on my mind.
At 1PM two trainers stepped into the canteen, announced a name, and guided the answering cadet out to perform the test. The next was called ten minutes later, and the next, until Clarence, Jet, was called. 
I answered and was led to the infamous Room 5C, where I had previously been granted my active status. Lotz, Delaney, my Reality Manipulation trainer Templeton and two men I did not recognise were waiting in the observation booth. Lotz gave me a smile as I entered. Delaney, seated beside her, managed a glare that could’ve melted steel.
“Hello, Cadet Clarence,” one of the unrecognised men said via the amplification system. His voice rang off the cement ceiling. “My name is Gary Arnold, representative of the Department of Magic. I will oversee your evaluation and ensure it is official and fair.”
“Hello, Mister Arnold.”
He referred to a paper. “You have been the subject of much controversy in your time here already, Clarence. And I need not say that, by all means, you have proven yourself a strong Enforcer candidate regardless of the outcome of this evaluation.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“It was well beyond the expected level of participation; agreeing to be involved in the professional operation with Judy Carlson. And a shame the outcome.” He referred to the paper again. “It says here you have likewise volunteered to be involved in two other official D.O.M operations, assisted by your mentor, First Class Junior Enforcer Kingston. Is that correct?” 
“Yes, sir.”
“Very impressive indeed. Now, it has been much discussed whether you should be granted an extension, Clarence, given the circumstances of some of the more unfortunate events. Your hand has been injured, is that correct?”
“Yes, sir. But the pain is more then manageable.”
“It also says here you attended your appointment at the Mental Wellness centre and were released. Is that correct?” 
“Correct, sir.”
“Would you like an extension? You have every reason to request one.”
“No, sir. I believe I’ll be okay.”
“Indeed. You are very brave, Clarence.” He turned to the three trainers. “Wouldn’t you all agree?”
They agreed. Lotz enthusiastically. Even Delaney was forced to participate. 
“Very well,” Arnold continued, “then let us begin. First, we would like you to demonstrate with Lotz your grasp of Raw Spirit Management. This technique, as I’m sure you’ve learned, is essential for many aspects of Enforcer duties. It is considered to be the backbone of a well rounded Cadet. Are you prepared for this demonstration? It is dangerous, and if you do not feel capable we advise you to say so now.”
“I’m ready.”
Lotz stood, exited the observation booth and descended into the demonstration area. 
“En garde, Cadet Clarence,” she declared, gesturing to a marked red circle on the cement floor. 
I took my position and crouched in anticipation, tongue flicking out to moisten lips. Considering what I had already faced during D.O.M duties, assumption was that an extreme display would be required. She drew up her Spirit, focused it on a hand, and let it fly. I braced and extended a hand, ready to roll with the impact, but the bolt turned out to be meagre. It smacked into my palm with barely enough vigour to snap back my arm. I absorbed the energy and readopted my stance, assuming the bolt to have been a warm up.
“My approval is given,” Lotz said, returning to the booth.
I blinked. Delaney threw her a sideways scowl upon her re-entrance into the booth. She had gone easy on me, bless her heart.
There was a pause as pens scratched on clipboards. All heads turned to Templeton. He raised his bulk and waddled down into the demonstration area.
“Hello, Clarence,” he said with smile.
“Hello, sir.”
“Did you think about what I said?”
“Visualise, reach out, and imprint. Yes, sir.”
“Excellent. Show me.”
I pinched my fingers, compressing air between them, and applied a tiny spark of Spirit. A flame sprang into life. Part of me knew it had no business doing so.
“Yes, well done.” The podgy man beamed. “Well done indeed. Reality created by nothing but your will alone. Amazing, isn’t it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Tell me though, Clarence, have you been discerning about what you have chosen to visualise?”
“I believe there was very little choice in the matter, sir.”
“Ah. But then you have missed the point of the exercise, Clarence.”
“I know what it is I want, sir.”
“That we should all be so lucky. Perhaps keep in mind that what we want is not always what is right for us.”
“I’ll keep that in mind, sir.”
“Good.” He turned to the booth. “My approval is given.”
Heads now turned to the unrecognised man.
“You have already been approved for Manipulation and Influence,” he said, “The evaluation was filed some time ago, by the late Mister Gibson. A tragedy what happened to him. He was a good man and fine trainer.”
“He was, sir.”
“I see here he had also prepared an application for your specialisation in this school of Magic. Was it your intention to specialise?”
“It was, sir.”
“Very well. You will find the papers with me when you wish to make them official. My approval is given.”
It was finally Delaney’s turn and he swept down into the demonstration area, eyes glittering with anticipation.
“Be prepared, Clarence,” he declared, “Your injury will not stand as an excuse if you fail. Are you ready to defend?”
I took a deep breath and nodded. “Yes.”
My place of calm was adopted. Delaney’s face relaxed as he did the same.
“En garde.”
 His eyes focused on my face…
No preamble, no drawn out staring contest, the world shrank and black tentacles shot out to probe my head. I held them at bay, staying rooted in my Place of Calm. But Delaney did not desist.
Flickers of grotesque images floated through my mind. A wolf pouncing on a gazelle that cried out in a human voice. A tree shrieking in agony as a chainsaw bit into its bark. A mother rat eating her hairless young as they screeched like new born babies. I let it all pass through. Not focusing, ignoring it, none of it was my concern.
Still Delaney persisted. Still I managed to keep him at bay.
“Game over,” I knew, “I’ve beaten you, you son of a bitch.”
And then I released my defences and allowed the tentacles creeping into my head. The world tumbled away around me, revealing what I thought had been walls, were in fact a flimsy construction of dominoes and cardboard. Behind them a bizarre alien landscape was revealed, it stretched off as far as the eye could see, rising and falling in hills and valleys.
“This isn’t so bad,” I told myself, “I expected worse.”
But as I focused on a nearby hill I realised there was something unusual about it, something unnatural. I squinted and realised the ground was not rocks and coarse dirt as I had thought. It was made of human bodies.
“Oh,” I said to myself, “this is a bit worse.”
I was surrounded by tens of thousands, perhaps millions of naked human bodies, twisted and contorted in grotesque death poses, bulging and melting in various phases of decomposition. It became clear the rushing sound filling my ears, which I had thought to be wind, was in fact the buzzing of clouds of feasting flies.
I looked down and regretted doing so immediately. My legs disappeared up to the knees between pale jutting shapes, crawling with maggots and human soup.
My Place of Calm held.
Then came a moan off to my right, somewhere between the braying of a mule and whinny of a horse. I resisted looking. The moan came again and was followed by a moist slithering. One of the bodies crawling towards me. Still I didn’t look, keeping my eyes fixed on the horizon.
It drew nearer. 
Slither… slither… 
And the moan, contorting and twisting, sounding now like the bleat of a goat, now like the shriek of a vulture, finally settling on being words slurred through imperfect lips.
“Partner… partner…mommy loves you…”
My eyes squinted shut and jaw clamped.
“Scratching around in the dirt… scratching around in the dirt…” the voice croaked.
Slither… slither… slither…
Just a few meters away now, approaching my legs. Any second an icy hand would clamp on my arm. Anticipation festered; panic began clawing into my head.
Slither…slither…slither…
But no. 
“You’re in my head now, Delaney,” I said, “So that means…”
I drew in a deep breath and opened my eyes, knowing what I would see, but prepared. My mother was on her stomach before me, looking up, pale naked body writhing and bullet wound gaping like a second mouth in her cheek.
I ignored her.
“This isn’t how it is,” I said to myself, “I have something else in mind.”
A ripple went shooting off across the grim landscape like a bomb. The sky darkened and bodies fell away. I drew up an image in my head, one I had reserved for the occasion. There came the rushing of Spirit as it was projected onto the blank canvas. A canvas that did not belong to my head alone.
“If you’re in my head, Delaney - that means I’m in yours.” 
Before me was an enormous double bed surrounded by a hazy world of endless fog. On the bed lay Lotz; naked, sprawled, with an expression that said; ‘Do something dirty to me now. Or I might explode.’
Now a replica of me appeared, animated by a little trick learned courtesy of Trisha the day care teacher. He stepped forward and descended on the naked woman, emitting a classically pornographic groan. Lotz’s leg was raised in a fashion that could only be achieved by the gymnastically trained, and then my double proved he was worthy of X-rated stardom. There was no romance, no ‘love making’. The sex was dirty, passionless and raw. Thrusts were followed by moans, naked breasts bobbed and fingers clawed at naked skin. 
The next thing I felt was a fist smashing into my cheek and my backside hitting the cement floor.
“You son of a bitch!’ Delaney roared.
He was towering over me, hands clenched.
“Leonard!” Lotz snapped via the amplification system, “For goodness sake! What are you doing?!”
Delaney looked up, colour rushing to his cheeks. There was a shifting from rage to embarrassment. He turned and headed for the observation booth.
“My approval is given,” he muttered.


CHAPTER 17

The ceremony that ushered me into professional Enforcer work was not a glamorous one. Yes, I had guessed grandeur would not be a top priority for the Accelerated Program. But it would have at least been nice if all the lights in the graduation hall were switched on. Though the added illumination would only have made more apparent the lack of guests and applauding hands.
The whole process took approximately ten minutes from beginning to end. The President of the Academy, a man whose face I had not seen before and did not see again, refused to even feign enthusiasm.
Medals were pinned to breasts, hands were shook, papers were signed, and the passing Cadets filed out. We were given the parting order; to decide on a specialisation as soon as possible.
Afterwards, as I sipped my coffee in the canteen, I decided the experience had felt like a concert where the band did not arrive. But the audience had decided to act like the performance had gone ahead anyway, just to avoid the mess of asking for a refund.
“Enforcer,” I said to myself, trying to decide if the word felt comfortable on my tongue. “Enforcer Clarence.”
It didn’t feel like anything at all. 
I took a close look at the new medal on my breast; a laminated metal coat of arms. The design was significant but not something I had paid attention to in the textbook, since I hadn’t believed it would feature in the exam. It had not. The whole item was two inches squared and a gold band at the bottom was engraved with; “Clarence, Jet”.
I glanced up and noticed Anderson further up the bar, eyeing me. Her expression said she wanted to talk. But rigid body declared her mind was refusing to allow it. I had resigned to be empathetic and call her over when a body perched beside me, blocking my line of sight.
“I’m sorry I hit you,” a voice said.
My eyes travelled up the bulky body, past a collection of medals, and settled on the face of Delaney. Initial instinct told me to brace for a severe beating.
“Its okay, sir,” I replied, “I think maybe I was asking for it.”
“No,” he said, shaking his head, “You weren’t. You did exactly what was asked of you and you did it better than most of the Cadets I’ve worked with. What I mean to say is; well done.”
“Thank you.”
‘I underestimated you, Clarence. You really do have exceptional skill. And I regret my previous judgements.”
I gazed at him. All at once I liked Leonard Delaney. 
“You were right,” I said, “I really don’t belong in this Academy, sir.”
“I’m aware of that, Clarence. But there is no faking what you did back there. It was insightful and it was clever. You saw my weak points and exploited them, all by instinct alone. I could not hope for a better Cadet, and frankly I’m ashamed I didn’t see your potential sooner. The Academy lacks students of your calibre, Clarence. And I set out to do everything in my power to hinder you. I should have been doing the opposite. Any D.O.M will be lucky to have you, whichever branch you decide to specialise in.”
“I appreciate you saying that, Mister Delaney.”
“So you got what you wanted then. You’re an official Enforcer. Medal on breast. Have you decided what you will do?”
“Not just yet, sir,” I replied honestly, “Not exactly. But I’m working on it.”
“Good. Good for you. Take your time. No need to rush into anything.” He paused and took a deep breath. “Maybe I’ll see you in the field, Clarence. It would be okay if we worked together, I think.”
I thought he wanted me to ask, so I did.
“How would we work together, sir?”
“I hit a student, Clarence. I’m not a trainer anymore. I’ve asked to be put back on active duty. If they’ll allow it. Since there is such a demand for active Enforcers at the moment I believe they have no choice.”
“I’m sorry, sir. I didn’t mean to cause any of that.”
“Sorry? Don’t be. You merely made me see how much I don’t belong here anymore.” He paused again, staring at me. The muscle in has jaw worked as his teeth clenched. “I need to ask you something, Clarence.”
“Yes, sir?”
“The image you forced upon me…” His eyes fell to the floor. “Was it all… from your imagination?”
“Yes, Mister Delaney. It was.”
“Oh. Good.” He nodded, attempting to hide the relief. But it practically radiated from him in shafts of light. “Excellent. Well done then. Very effective. Good day to you, Clarence.”
“Good day, Mister Delaney.”
“You don’t have to call me Mister Delaney. I’m not your superior anymore. In fact for the moment you’re mine. Enforcer Clarence.”
He stood and exited. I thought about the last statement and looked at the medal again. And then I did feel like an Enforcer.
A moment later, Anderson took Delaney’s seat.
“What did he want?” she asked, trying to be casual. But awkwardness clung to her like a living thing.
“He was just congratulating me,” I replied.
“Oh. That’s nice of him. He was a good trainer.”
She hovered. 
“What are you specialising in,” I asked.
“I’m not sure yet. I was thinking maybe Reality Manipulation. So I guess there will be a lot of counterfeit money in my future.”
“I guess so.”
“You? I heard Manipulation and Influence?”
“Yes. I suppose I’ve more or less made up my mind.”
She hesitated, staring at the bar counter. “Is Enforcer Kingston really having problems with stability?”
“He is. You were right to leave. I’m grateful you did.”
“Then thank you.”
“Sure.”
“He is seeing the Mental Wellness Centre?”
“Of course,” I said, thinking my lying was getting better with repetition.
“Good. He’s a nice guy. It would be a shame to see him become unstable.”
“It would.”
“Maybe he’ll look me up when he’s feeling up to it?”
“Possibly. I’ll let him know you were asking after him.”
‘Thanks. Maybe I’ll see you round, Clarence.”
She stood and headed for the door. Her body managed to seem awkward for the entire fifteen meter walk before disappearing.
“Hey,” the bartender called out, “Girl forgot her books.” He nodded at a stack of books further up the bar. “You give them to her?”
“Oh. Sure.”
He handed them to me. Three were official Academy textbooks. But the fourth had been recently purchased, possibly from the same neighbourhood as Selena’s hotel. It was titled: ‘Finding Your Inner Turmoil: A Guide for Easy Demon Development’.
“I think it’s best if you hold on to them,” I said to the bartender, handing them back, “don’t tell her I looked at them.”

*****

In the central area of the city is a dance club named ‘Snow’. It was here I was sent on my first assignment just days after graduation. The journey was made in my very own spanking new D.O.M provided generic black vehicle.
In the days leading up to the assignment I had made official my specialisation in Manipulation and Influence, after which I had been assigned to a D.O.M; or rather, been allowed to choose from the half dozen who had put in requests. None seemed more appealing than the other so I had chosen the one where Gill was Chief Commander, simply for the comfort of a familiar face.
As a Manipulation and Influence specialist, my inevitable career peak would be bouncing around Rehabilitation halls in various parts of the city. But this was only upon achieving Senior Enforcer status, when dangerous field work was no longer compulsory. Up until that time, a Junior Manipulation and Influence Enforcer was a flexible entity, hence my assignment at Snow.
The first knee slapping joke about Snow was that it soon became clear how the club got its name. And it was not because the drinks had stylishly frosted glasses, but because the patrons had stylishly frosted nostrils. And, of course, trying to spot people who have been manipulated in such an environment is like trying to spot the ‘suspiciously hyperactive person’ at a children’s birthday party.
I did finally find the suspect, after searching through cigarette smoke fog and enduring two hours of bone rattling music. He was seated at the rear of the club in a beanbag furnished ‘chill out’ zone. The gentleman in question, Sidney Houston, turned out to be an early twenties man who spent at least half of every day doing sit-ups. Around him, in a semi-circle, sat a collection of attractive girls, some I judged to be barely out of high school, if that.
 The group stared at me in guilty silence as I took one of the girls aside. I found her to be under a domination spell and broke it. She threw her drink in my face and accused me of ‘ruining her buzz’.
She and all the other young ladies in the group, I was informed, attended the club every Saturday to be put under Houston’s control as an act of recreation. During this time they participated in sexual acts that would make priests drop dead and mothers burst into tears.
“Not a crime if we’re doing it of our own free will,” the girl shouted above the endless thump of music.
“Yes it is,” I replied.
Houston was arrested and a team called in to attend the girls, this done via the radio in my car. I escorted young Houston to the D.O.M. It was after 1AM.
Upon arriving at the D.O.M Houston was booked in at the front desk with the assistance of a late forties desk clerk. The man shook his head at me repeatedly. Following the booking I sat with Houston and entered his details into a computer, after which he was detained and escorted to a holding area. I then completed forms that specified the reasons for the arrest, detailing which laws had been broken and in what fashion. Plus, a detailed description of the events surrounding the arrest, in my own words, and arranged under the correct headings. Then came the form that listed the persons directly involved in the Manipulation based crime; the group of girls. Their names had been taken at Snow, in my new little black book. 
At just after 6AM the following morning the paperwork was completed and I submitted it. Follow-up paperwork would be required. Immediately upon leaving the D.O.M, I spotted Sidney Houston climbing into a taxi across the road. He gave me a friendly wave. The significance of the desk clerk’s head shake now registered.
Back in the D.O.M, the desk clerk explained that the girls had all refused to press charges. This meant Houston could not legally be held. 
“Those girls done the exact same at least a dozen times,” he said, “all we achieved is giving Houston free board and a meal. Kid basically lives here on weekends.” His shoulders rose in an enormous shrug. “The case is closed now. Better get started on your finalisation paperwork. And keep in mind you might be called to explain why your case didn’t go to trial.”
I hung my head. Every muscle ached with fatigue.
“Or, Clarence,” he added, leaning forward and lowering his voice, “If you want my advice tell the filing clerk you made a mistake and ask for your booking papers back. Then lose them. Preferably in a paper shredder. Just a suggestion. Learn good habits now.”
I considered the idea a long time before returning to a computer station and beginning the finalisation paperwork. When that was filed it was 10:30AM. I changed into my backup uniform, threw back two cups of coffee, and stayed on for the next day’s shift. 
My second assignment occurred later that same day and was not so knee-slappingly funny as the first. It had me at a pool hall not far from club Snow, and tasked me with investigating a petty hustler who won his pool games via devious means. I spotted the young man easily and approached. Since the crime was minor and punishment no more then a slap on the wrist, I intended on escorting him back to the D.O.M with a minimum of fuss. I even decided on going as far as to not take him by force, in an attempt to spare his dignity. This, seeing as how committed he was to his ‘nonchalantly cool’ façade. 
“Good morning sir, Junior Enforcer Clarence. May I have a word?”
As his pool cue fractured across my head I remembered that ‘nonchalantly cool’ could also be achieved by ‘sticking it to the man’.
Dazed and face covered in sticky moisture I looked up as he bolted from the establishment. Around me the pool hall exploded into cheers of delight. I leapt to my feet, wiping blood from my eyes, and gave chase, bursting through the doors with fists clenched. Ahead, he dodged between the traffic of a four lane road. My hand raised and I took aim.
The target was difficult and a more restrained Enforcer might not have taken the risk of hitting a civilian vehicle. I took the shot. And, fuelled by the knowledge blood was now streaking down my only clean uniform, added a little something extra in the Spirit department. 
The aim was good and the bolt hit him square on the back of the head. He was sent into a clumsy improvised somersault. Unfortunately improvised gymnastics were not his strong point, and the landing resulted both in a broken wrist and putting him into a lane of oncoming traffic. A vehicle slammed on brakes. Its tires shrieked and spewed clouds of smoke. A second vehicle followed suit, and a third, until a full conga line of cars snaked up the road. Each blared on its horn.
Content that justice was served, I marched forward to finalise the arrest. It was the first moment of real job satisfaction in my life. This satisfaction waned a second later.
 Eyes, dozens of them, began to turn in my direction as agonised screams rose up from the perpetrator. The young man likely believed he could squeeze through some kind of legal loophole by making the most of his injury. Little did he know attacking me had granted almost any courtesy in bringing him down. Either way; as his screams met ears and civilians began to stop and watch the scene unfold, satisfaction became overwhelming vulnerability. I was surrounded by a sea of angry faces. 
I gazed around uneasily. The growing crowd of civilians gazed back, watching, waiting. Beside me the downed hustler continued to scream.
And there it was again; the Crowd Surfing Spell. A tiny, lingering voice unmistakably the same as in the hall, hospital and park. Only stronger. But even if I had not felt the spell, something would have seemed amiss. The random people were too focused, as if organising to meet beforehand, having rehearsed intimidating stares for hours.
I stood rooted to the spot feeling tension mount. The faces waited.
Words returned to me, heard in lecture by a large bespectacled woman: Something about the Enforcer uniform and its magic only working if the wearer adopted a stance of confidence.
I squared my shoulders and found my Place of Calm, then began pushing out an Ambience Tweak. Too large an area for such a spell, I knew. Too many targets for effective results by a single person.
“This man is guilty of multiple magical transgressions,” I announced, “Including attacking an Enforcer. It is in the best interest of everyone I get him off the street immediately. I understand all of your concern, and I know you are only worried for the safety of a fellow citizen. But I ask you all too please disperse and not obstruct justice.”
The words were delivered with the most unflinching confidence I could muster. Gradually the spell took hold, my uniform acting as the finest magical ally I could ask for. Aggressive postures melted into uneasy relaxation. One by one the crowd lost interest and drifted away. Soon what remained was only a crowd of loiterers.
 Likewise, the presence evaporated with the crowd. And as I had expected those that remained seemed to have no clue there had been any unwelcome magic at all.

*****

On my third day as a Junior Enforcer I awoke with three stitches above my left ear, new dressing on my hand, and a fresh bottle of painkillers on my desk. After telling the D.O.M nurse I was suffering a severe headache she had also granted me time off to visit a neurologist. Although I was fairly sure the headache was due to lack of sleep rather than concussion. Either way, as a person who relished spotting silver linings, I decided my return to Little Dreamers was due.
Before leaving I bumped into Benny in the kitchen. His eyes were ringed and uniform looked as if it hadn’t been removed or washed in a week. He looked up as I entered and nodded.
“Very stylish look,” he said, eyeing my stitches.
“Some guy hit me with a pool cue,” I muttered, taking down my grinder and coffee beans.
“Interesting. I haven’t been hit by one of those in a while. Is it everything I remember?”
“And so much more.”
He chuckled. “Didn’t follow protocol, did you?”
“No I did not.” I began working the handle. “How are you doing?”
“I’m tired. Two double shifts in three days. Five separate protests in three major commercial zones. I swear this city has finally gone mad.”
“The protests. About that. Something weird happened yesterday.” I emptied the ground coffee beans into the strainer. “I think it might be pretty significant.”
“Taking a pool cue to the head is not weird in this line of work, Jet. You might even call it a regular perk.”
“In the street after. There was a gathering of civilians. I detected the Crowd Surfing Spell. Same as in the hall. Same as in the park.”
He frowned. “Jet, I told you; that’s impossible. You don’t seem to understand a Crowd Surfing Spell just doesn’t work like that. It is nowhere near strong enough to get across town. I’m not being funny but maybe that little knock on the head…”
“I’m positive, Benny. It was there. It’s getting louder. Stronger.”
He paused, thinking. “Spell anomalies and mutations, whatever you want to call them, are not impossible. Very difficult, especially what you’re talking about, but not impossible. And very strictly frowned upon. There was a scare a few decades ago with a fanatical religious group trying something that could have gone global. Not a Crowd Surfing spell, but similar in a way.” 
“Jesus Christ, I have to tell Gill. Why didn’t you…?”
“It’s unlikely, Jet. What you’re suggesting.”
“I’m telling you what I saw. You think, what, I’m imagining it?” 
He shrugged. “I don’t know, buddy. I’ve heard you. At night. I’m not denying that something went on in that hall with Linda and Judy. Something unusual. But that’s one thing, this is another. I’ve seen it happen before. Paranoia, Self Projection…”
Anger flashed in my head. I opened my mouth, indignance exploding, but closed it again. Of course he had heard me. Possibly even the neighbours heard me when I had a ‘nightmare’. 
“Look Jet,” he continued, “all I’m saying is that this is the kind of thing that could send the city into a tailspin. Hell, it could send the whole world into a tailspin. You be sure about what you think you’re seeing, before you make any reports. Could cause a lot of shit for nothing. Not a great start for a Junior Enforcer.”
I rolled the words around. “I guess you’re right.” The kettle clicked off and I poured the steaming water into the plunger. “Going back to Little Dreamers today.’
He sipped his coffee. “You can’t just go stomping in there, Jet. That’s harassment. Make an excuse; say you sensed something unusual…”
“I know.”
He downed the rest of his coffee. “Well, better get going. Got your own car now. Moving up in the world.”
“One more thing.”
“Shoot.”
“Julian.’
“My informant?” His eyes lit up. “He called? He’s found Selena?”
“No, not that. I just wanted to say I understand now. Why you’re using him. Why he was never convicted.”
“Oh.” The old grin was back on his face. “Excellent. Three days in and Jet Clarence knows what it means to be an Enforcer.”


CHAPTER 18

“I’m afraid I’ll have to do an investigation,” I said to Trisha.
She gaped at me. “An investigation…?”
“Yes.”
“But…why?”
“I have reason to believe there are illegal magical activities occurring on your premises.”
Her expression was one of utter disbelief. Behind her, drifting through the main doors, came the chaotic symphony of small children at play.
“But…” she fumbled with words, “There must be some kind of mistake.”
“No, ma’am. There is no mistake. I sensed the presence of an illegal spell. I’ll have to investigate.”
“They’ll close down the school…” Her face contorted and tears streaked down her cheeks.
“For a while. Just cooperate and it’ll be okay, ma’am. There’s nothing to worry about if you’ve done no wrong.”
She covered her face and began to sob. I sighed. My eyes drifted up to the school and I realised I was being watched. A little boy, perhaps six, was looking blank faced out a window. Behind him came glimpses of other children engaged in animated activities. I smiled and waved. He did not wave back. His mouth pressed into a line and gaze intensified.
I frowned and turned my attention back to Trisha. Only to find her frozen in mid-sob like a living statue. The world was contracting and my stomach lurching with vertigo. Black tentacles were reaching and probing my mind. The attack bowled through my defences with ease and my hands flew to my head. Even Delaney was put to shame.
A chittering near my feet drew my attention. I looked down realised the ground was gone, replaced by a moving carpet. A second later I realised the carpet was a layer of enormous spiders. I gazed at the insects, some big enough to have legs resembling my index finger, and am proud to say the shock lasted only seconds. My Place of Calm was adopted and the full effects of the spell resisted.
‘Got the strength, not the talent,’ I thought.
My eyes turned back up to the child. His gaze was boring into me. After a moment the contraction released. Trisha was once again crying and the spiders gone.
“Excuse me,” I said to Trisha. 
I stepped passed her and ascended the stairs into the day care centre. The sounds of playing children engulfed me. I approached the child.
“Hello,” I said to him.
“Hi.”
“What’s your name?”
“Ken.”
“I’m Jet. Why aren’t you playing with the other children, Ken?”
He shrugged.
“Why did you do that? With the spiders.”
“You made Miss Trisha cry.”
“I know. I didn’t mean to do that. I’m sorry.”
“Okay.” He nodded.
I hesitated. “How did you do it, Ken? It was very impressive for such a little boy.”
He shrugged again. “I just did.”
“Your mommy practices magic? Maybe your daddy? Did they teach you?”
“No.”
“Okay. Have you seen unusual things going on? Maybe some people around here that didn’t look like they should be?”
His eyes inspected me. “You’re an Enforcer.”
“Yes. I need your help, Ken. I need to know what’s going on in here. Will you help?”
“I have a dog.”
“Oh. Is he nice?”
The boy shook his head. “No. He scares me.”
“I see. Where did he come from?”
“Everywhere. He barks and keeps me awake sometimes.”
“Okay. I understand. Ken I need to ask you a favour.”
“What?’
“I’d like to have a look inside your head. Would that be okay? It would help me a lot.”
“Will it hurt?”
“No, not at all. Not if you don’t resist.”
He considered. “Will you make Buddy stop barking?”
“Well, I can’t. It’s not really…”
“Please? Sometimes I don’t think he’ll stop.”
“I can try.”
“Alright.”
I knelt and brought myself down to the boy’s level. My eyes locked on his. Around me the sound of children playing faded.
“Didn’t I tell you to keep the gate locked, Ken?”
It was my grandmother’s voice.
“Didn’t I tell you what would happen if you left it open?”
“Yes, gran,” Ken responded. His shoulders sagged.
“See what happened now?” Gran continued, “See what happened to Buddy?”
The boy looked down and a strangled gasp escaped him. In the street a few meters away lay a brown Labrador. The poor animal had been crushed by a car, its middle flattened. Beneath it a pool of blood was drying.
“Oh Buddy!” Ken shrieked, “Oh no!”
He stumbled forward, body shuddering with sobs, and crouched beside the animal. I wasn’t sure how a dog could still breathe after such an injury, but Buddy clung to life. The animal’s eyelids strained open and eyes swivelled to the boy. A limp tail twitched as it attempted to wag.
“Oh no, oh buddy,” Ken wailed, “I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!”
“I told you to close the gate,” gran’s voice came again.
I looked around, finding myself in a generic middleclass neighbourhood. There was no sign of the old woman, nor any street names.
“You should have closed the gate,” gran repeated, “I told you to close the gate.”
From nearby came the bark of a dog. At least something similar to the bark of a dog. Whatever creature had attempted the sound did not have all the necessary parts to produce a convincing ‘woof’. Simultaneously Buddy’s tail stopped twitching and his eyes glazed over. I groaned. A puzzle was coming together in my head, and part of me knew little Ken and I were kindred spirits. The boy continued to sob hysterically, hands planted over his face. I crouched beside him and leaned closer to his ear. 
“Ken. Can you hear me? It’s Jet. Remember?”
He threw back his head and bellowed a guttural wail of despair. Beneath him the asphalt began to develop spidery golden cracks.
 “Its okay, Ken,” I whispered desperately, “its okay…” 
Truly no child deserved this. 
“Buddy is okay…”
“He’s dead, he’s dead,” the boy wailed, “He’s dead. I should’ve closed the gate. Should have…”
Another strangled bark drifted over, emerging from a clump of bushes further up the street.
Woof…
“No, no he’s not,” I said, “Buddy is fine.”
“He’s dead!” the boy insisted.
Woof… woof…
The bushes rustled and I caught a glimpse of a something dark residing inside them. Something hunched and twisted.
“No, he’s alive. You locked the gate. Don’t you remember? When you were leaving for school this morning. You had your bag on your shoulder, your lunch in your hand, you opened the gate, stepped through, turned around and…”
He looked up at me, eyes swimming. “And…?”
“And you locked it.”
“I did?”
“Of course you did.” I smiled reassuringly.
He stared at me, uncertain. Wheels chugged in his head. He turned to looked at the gate.  There, as if he had always been there, was Buddy. Happy, healthy, and wagging his tail. The boy’s mouth gaped, a parade of expressions playing across his face. I watched him, waiting.
‘God, what am I doing?’
The bush rustled again.
Woof…
I bit my lip, ready to retreat. Fully expecting the boy to break down and wondering how I would explain the transgression if he did.
“Buddy!”
The boy ran forward and leapt over the low fence. Buddy’s tail wagged frantically as he was embraced, licking his master’s face.
“Buddy!” Ken burbled in delight, “Oh, Buddy!”
I let the reunion play out for a moment, eyeing the bushes. They were still.
‘What in God’s name am I doing? Respect the clicks, Jet, respect the clicks…’
Click, click, click, click, click…
I stepped forward and crouched by the gate.
“Ken, listen to me,” I whispered, “Fran Clarence takes you somewhere, doesn’t she?”
He ignored me. His arms were wrapped around the dog.
“Where does gran take you?” I repeated.
His delight dimmed. “Who?”
“The old woman. She comes here sometimes. With the dark haired young man. Where does she take you?”
“She doesn’t take me anywhere.”
“Sure she does. Sometimes she takes you from day care. Where?”
Now his little brow wrinkled. “I’m not…”
 “You’re not supposed to tell about it, I know. But you can tell me. Because we’re friends, right? Because I helped. Because Buddy is back home where he belongs.”
“I’m not supposed to tell…”
The wheels were grinding, young mind trying to access forbidden information.
“You can tell me,” I urged. “Where does she take you?”
His eyes widened and a sharp breath whistled passed his teeth…
“You left the gate open,” Fran Clarence said, “I told you to close the gate.”
She was seated across from him. Her old face contorted as she squinted into his eyes. Around us the room was lost in shadow. But it seemed somehow familiar. The dark haired young man, arms crossed, watched the proceedings from a corner.
“You left the gate open,” she repeated, “And now Buddy is dead.”
The boy was transfixed, mouth ajar. From either eye a tear spilled and traced down his cheeks.
“Yes,” he responded, “I left the gate open and now Buddy is dead.”
“Excellent. That’s good, Ken. And where will you go? If things go wrong. If events do not happen as they should. Where will you go?”
“To the white wall.”
“The white wall. That’s correct. The white wall. Just wait there and we’ll come and get you.”
Gran looked over her shoulder at the young man and he raised a questioning eyebrow. She nodded.
“You’re sure?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Maybe I underestimated you. I’m impressed.”
Her response was a wry smile. “It’s not wise to underestimate an old lady.”
He turned and his hand scribbled in a notebook for a moment. He looked back at her. “You’re vouching for him then, I take it?”
“He’s a keeper.”
“That makes two of us.”
He made another scribble and snapped the book shut. The sharp sound made Ken flinch.
 I stepped forward.
“But where,” I urged him, “Where is this room, Ken?”
The sound of a car engine came from behind and I turned.
The vehicle, a sleek black model, pulled into a parking bay and the doors sprang open. Gran climbed out of one and the young man the other. He opened the back door, allowed Ken to climb out, and took the boy’s hand. He led him towards a building. I turned and looked up at the structure. It was a modern glass design stretching up six stories and surrounded on all sides by pristine gardens. A name was visible above the stylish entranceway; ‘Global Net.’
The sound of children at play grew louder and engulfed me. Ken blinked and wiped tears from his cheeks.
“Are you done?” he asked.
“Yes, thank you. Are you… feeling alright?”
Click, click, click, click, click, click, click…
“Yes.”
“That’s good.”
Outside Trisha was still audibly sobbing.
“Do you have a dog, Ken?”
“Yes.”
“What’s his name?”
“Buddy.”
“And Buddy lives with you? He’s well?”
“Yes.”
“I see. That’s good. That’s nice.” I stood and dusted off my knees. “Thank you for your help, Ken.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Maybe I’ll see you again.”
“Maybe.”
I gave him a long critical look. Then exited. A call was made from the radio in my car and the investigation started later that same day.

*****

Later that day I sat in a chair at a neurologist’s office. It was not red.
“Any more headaches?” he asked.
“No.”
“Taken any medication for it?”
“Not today, no.”
“Well, you’re fine. I mean, I can’t speak for the hand, but you’re fine up here.” He tapped a finger to my forehead.
“You sure, doctor?”
A few hours later Chief Commander Gill was talking. I watched his mouth forming words, saying something about the report I would have to write. That it would have to give explicit detail, every ‘i’ dotted and ‘t’ crossed to avoid backlash from Little Dreamers Day Care. But I wasn’t listening. In my head a little boy named Ken was arriving home. He opened a gate and called out for a dog named Buddy. I didn’t think Buddy would be there. I didn’t know if there was a dog named Buddy. Or ever had been.
Some time later I found myself at a work station in my D.O.M common room. I sat at a computer and logged into my account. Upon entering my password “1 message” flashed up and I clicked it. An official report on Jenny Buckland appeared, forwarded by Benny.
I opened it, scrolled multiple pages and paused on the ‘Final Analysis’ heading. Words jumped out; ‘contact with Selena Stephania on several occasions’, ‘communicated via telephone’, ‘unaware of perpetrators location’, ‘willingly agreed to participate in kidnap attempt’, ‘known use of Ghosting.’
The report was closed and I accessed the D.O.M database, typing in the word ‘Ghosting.’ A window opened that read; 
‘Confidential… Request Access?’

I clicked and a small tab appeared;

‘User Logged; Clarence, Jet.
Information pertaining; Ghosting.’

Beneath was a form and I entered relevant information then clicked ‘Request’.
A second search was done; ‘Global Net’. The official website was full of bright colours featuring the motto ‘Let us connect you’. The Company was proudly declared a ‘Leader in modern IT networking’. Under the ‘locate us’ section I found a map and photo of the headquarters; unmistakably the same building seen in the mind of young Ken. I attempted to find any reports of wrong-doing by Global Net. But nothing was returned. Strangely, I could find no record of the company having done much business of any kind.
I did a third search, ‘Clarence, Liza,’ and was presented with case files. All were marked ‘Active.’
‘Ambience Tweak Violation’, ‘Linked to Murder Case: Spouse; Clarence, Carl – Update: Case Closed’, ‘Relation to Enforcer; Clarence, Fran – Suspended from Duty Pending Investigation – Update: Removed From Active Duty’, ‘Location: Currently Unknown’, ‘Detain for Questioning on Sight’.
Beside the information was a small image of her face. The first I said seen since that day at the Sushi Palace.
‘Mommy loves you’ the image said, ‘How could you ever question that?’
The flame raised its head and thrashed about, snapping at the cage door and rattling the bars. Heat rose to my cheeks. All at once my lips were trembling. 
“Clarence?”
Chief Commander Gill was beside me. I blinked and looked up. One of my hands was massaging the wrist of the other. I stopped it.
“Yes, Commander Gill.”
“You requested access to the files on Ghosting?”
“Yes, sir. I did.” I realised sweat had gathered on my forehead and wiped it away.
“Why?”
“Jenny Buckland used the technique, sir. She spent much time in the company of Selena Stephania and I believe the Spell may have passed between them. I’d like to study the Spell and learn the counter.”
“I see. Stephania. Not your case though, is she?”
“Not directly, sir. She is involved in a case my mentor is working on. Enforcer Kingston.”
“Ah, Kingston. Alright, you’ll have access in a minute, I’ll put it through.’
“Yes, sir.”
His eyes narrowed. “You look horrible, Clarence. You shouldn’t be in here today. That head wound is nothing to take lightly. Go home. Come back tomorrow.”
“I’ll be okay, sir. I just want to open the case file for Little Dreamers.”
“Fine. But go home after that. You’re my most valuable Enforcer, Clarence. Look after yourself.”
“Yes, sir.”
He headed back to his office. A moment later a notification appeared on my monitor and I clicked it. A few pages were returned. Some linked to cases in which the Ghosting Spell had been used. Others listed those capable of doing the spell; about a hundred in total.  I clicked on a link and scanned the information.
“Ignore me,” I said to myself.
Next I clicked the ‘Open new Case’ tab. Under ‘Case Location’ I entered; ‘Little Dreamers Day Care’. Under possible connections I wrote; ‘Global Net’.

*****

Three hours later my case file was logged and I arrived outside the security gate of Global Net. The area in which it resided was a fifteen minute drive from Little Dreamers, sitting on the outskirts of the city and bordering suburban neighbourhoods. Well maintained public parks and stylish roadside fruit stands announced this was a little closer to the upmarket zone then Little Dreamers. 
Waiting in its nest of trimmed green grass and blossoming flowerbeds the Global Net building was silent. It was housed safely behind a bordering eight foot chain link fence. With the sun sitting near its peak the glass structure virtually exploded with reflected light flares. 
I sat for a moment in the driveway scanning the property, watching and thinking. The security gate towered before me. When I did climb from my vehicle, a feeling of isolation set in. Which was odd since my every instinct told me people were nearby, just out of sight, doing business, answering phones, busy with general office corporate life.
A look over my shoulder revealed an enormous storage facility across the road. It showed little activity and appeared only partially functional. Enormous towering metal containers and an unmanned forklift were visible. But not a soul could be seen.
It dawned on me that since Global Net was flanked on all sides by roads, was opposite a storage facility that apparently operated at night, and had nothing in terms of decent signage; the place was virtually an island. It was as separate as was possible for corporate real estate to be.
  I reached through my vehicle’s window and gave a blast on the horn. A second later an early forties man emerged; balding and blue uniform tight over a mound of belly A flashlight dangled from his belt. He could only have been a fulltime security guard.
“Help you?” he asked. His little eyes studied me through the gate.
“Yes, sir,” I replied, “Sorry to disturb. I’m here on official D.O.M business. I’d like to enter and have a look around, if I may.”
His eyes narrowed. “If it was official you wouldn’t be asking permission, Enforcer.”
“Ah. Yes.”
No, I did not yet have a search warrant. And only after Gill had scrutinised my report would I be granted one.  
“May I enter for a look around, sir?” I asked, “It’s connected to a case I’m working on and would be of great help. Would only take a moment - I’d be gone before you knew it.”
 “Entrance by appointment only,” he muttered. He rolled his eyes as if I’d just used a salad fork on my fish.
“Yes. I see. Thank you.”
I looked beyond him into the property. The Global Net parking area occupied the space between the building and gate. There were dozens of parking bays, close to a hundred. None were occupied.
“How many people work here?” I enquired, turning back to the guard.
His brow morphed into a scowl. He had recognised me now for what I clearly was; ‘one of those damn trouble makers’.
“What business is it of yours?”
“Just curious.”
“Why?”
“If you look behind you you’ll notice there are a hundred parking spaces and not a single car.”
He glanced over his shoulder. “And?”
“It’s a work day. Where are the people who work here?”
He stared. His eyes began to glaze.
“Well?” I pressed, “Where is everyone? Is it an off day? How many people have you let in or out today? How many people have you ever let in or out of this establishment?”
His mouth popped open.
“Yes, that’s what I thought. What is your name, sir?”
His expression said I had just asked for a gourmet Venezuelan cheese recipe. I took a deep breath, found my Place of Calm, and eased out an Ambience Tweak. One I hoped would override spells already in place.
“Pal? I asked your name…” 
‘You and me, we are unspoken brethren,’ the spell said, ‘We both work in an industry that involves security. This gives us a special bond that allows us such privileges as shooting the breeze, sharing meaningful industry related small talk, swapping humorous stories and, most importantly, being relaxed in one another’s company.’
Clarity came to his eyes and he grinned. “Phillip. Yours?”
“Jet. So, what’s the deal with this place?” My tone suggested I had frequented enough ‘places’ to have a valid opinion.
“Easy gig,” he replied, shrugging, “Got a TV in my hut. Chill out all day. Call my girl on the company phone and just talk shit for hours. Paid in cash, always on time.” He leaned forward with a grin. “Sometimes I even hit a little…” Thumb and forefinger were pressed together and air sucked between them. “… at lunch and just zone out.”
“No shit?”
“No shit.”
We shared a hearty laugh.
“So what kind of people? Building looks pretty nice.”
His smile turned uncertain. “I.T. folks. Nice enough. Don’t speak to them much. Old woman who pays me is nice, though. Always gives me a tip when she comes through.”
“Nice. Maybe she’s sweet on you.”
He laughed again, a bellowing sound that shook his body of pudding from head to foot. “She’s in her seventies, man.”
“So Phillip. Any chance I can get in for a peek around? Would really help me out. Duties and all, you know?”
“Nah, sorry brother.” He gave an embarrassed shrug. “That’s the one thing these people are anal about. No in or out without an appointment.”
“Sure. Okay.” I met his gaze. “Open the gate, Phillip.”
“I said…”
I increased the output of Spirit. He hesitated, mouth opening and closing as two spells fought for dominance.
“Open the gate, please,” I repeated.
‘Sure. But, don’t tell anyone I let you in, okay?”
“I won’t. Promise.”
The gate clattered aside.
 I climbed back into my car and headed for the building’s entrance. Phillip waved like we were lifelong friends. My car moved into the property and beyond the parking bays. Isolation closed in like a fog. Not even a discarded cigarette butt or sweet wrapper gave testimony to life having ever existed here.
Upon arriving at the foot of the building I stopped, popped open my door and mounted four brick steps to a glass entranceway. Locked. Behind the entranceway a lobby and reception desk could be seen, but not a flicker of movement.
“Hello? Enforcer Clarence on official D.O.M business. Hello?”
Nothing. I sighed in frustration. An urge to kick in the glass was near overwhelming. My body buzzed with the potential my grandmother or mother might be hiding inside. Perhaps both. I headed back to my car.
“Dispatch,” I said into my car radio. “Clarence.”
“Dispatch. Go ahead, Clarence.”
“I’m waiting on a warrant for a property. Global Net. Could you possibly notify Commander Gill that sooner would be better then later?”
There was a crash of glass against white tiles. My head snapped up. The entranceway was shattered, and standing beside it my demon looked at me mutely. I gaped in disbelief.
“Clarence…?” the car radio said, “Warrant for Global Net? Please repeat.” 
“Hold, dispatch.”
I dropped the radio, mouth hanging open. The demon stared. I reached into the car for my emergency flask of coffee. Half was drunk in one long gulp. The lid was twisted back on and I stormed back up the steps. 
“What are you doing?!’ I snapped at it. “Are you insane?!”
The demon proved it’s sanity by remaining silent.
“You can’t do that,” I roared, “I never gave you permission!”
It nodded its head into the building lobby. I gaped, jaw cranking but no words emerging. It repeated the gesture.
“In for a penny, in for a pound,” it said.
My eyes widened. For a long time there was only the gentle whisper of wind through hundreds of empty parking bays.
“My God you son of a bitch,” I spat, “Go away.”
It faded and my eyes flicked off back across the parking lot. Phillip the security guard was nowhere to be seen. My attention turned back to the building.
“Hello?” I called out, “There seems to have been an accident.”
There was no answer and I stepped passed the threshold into the lobby. The sound of crunching glass was loud in the tiled area.
“Hello?”
I passed through the lobby and onto the ground floor. The area was empty. Not a desk or chair to be seen. Even the walls were bare, threaded with hollow troughs where electrical cables should live. A glance down revealed the cement floor was kept moderately clean, but a faint network of footprints could be made out in accumulated dust.  I took a final glance around, nerves singing, and followed the clearest set deeper into the building. My footsteps echoed a melancholy beat.
The further I advanced the darker the shadows became, sunlight fading and a damp smell springing up to take its place. Trapped coils of icy air broke over my legs and penetrated my trousers. The footprints continued between two dusty pillars and disappeared through an archway. I followed, and beyond the archway emerged into a door-lined corridor. Empty offices were glimpsed on either side as I proceeded. 
Finally the corridor ended and I was faced by a bigger more intimidating door, one that would have belonged to an office manager. The dust footsteps told me my destination lay on the other side. I reached out and the instant before my hand touched the doorknob a fleeting sensation of déjà vu whispered a sultry ‘welcome home.’ Then the oiled hinges were giving access to a lofty office. 
Inside sat a stark contrast to the rest of the building. One so extreme I could have sworn I had slipped into a parallel universe. Windows covered by wooden blinds allowed bars of sunlight to illuminate a carpeted floor, polished wooden desk, filing cabinet, and laden bookshelf. To my left was a chair once occupied by young Ken. And on the wall behind it a collection of charts. 
I stepped forward and scanned one of the charts, which at first glance appeared to be a section of sheet music. But upon closer examination I realised the many strange symbols and markings were not concerned with music at all. But magic. It was a diagram of a spell. The title read ‘Delayed Reaction: Refined’ in hand written ink. Some of the others charts were titled ‘Virus’, ‘Experimental 002’, ‘Quicker Spread’, and ‘Crowd Surfing 009’. 
I turned my attention to the desk. An A4 paper on the wall behind the desk was labelled with ‘Little Dreamers Day Care,’ and listed twenty names with an age and table of notes.

Augustine, Kerry		5		Impression Fail		Second Attempt
Bachman, Timothy	4		Impression Fail		No Potential
Buford, Lisa		5		Impression Fail		Second Attempt
Bosworth, Ken		6		Impression Success		Excellent

“Young Ken,” I muttered to myself.
The ‘impression’ had been a success on the poor boy. An impression, I assumed, involved a dog named Buddy.
I reached down and pulled open a drawer. In the first were pens, paper and a box of labels, in the second a stack of notebooks. I took a notebook and flipped through it, finding page upon page of names followed by a tick or cross. The vast majority being crosses. Some were accompanied by a comment such as; ‘Major Potential’, ‘Class 3’, ‘Resisting - Caution’, ‘Excellent Candidate’, ‘Moderate Response’. After turning back a few pages I found a tick beside the name; ‘Bosworth, Ken’ and the note ‘He’s our boy’.
I now turned to the cabinet and found hundreds of files. Each was arranged with a name in alphabetical order. I flipped through and found; “Carlson, Judy”. A brief glance through the file revealed a photo of the girl aged about five, plus various forms giving a detailed breakdown on a young couple named Alex and Sidney Ferguson. The girl’s parents. The father did not look even remotely similar to the ‘Cowboy’ I had seen in Judy’s head. At the back of file was an old crayon drawing of a black horse.
“A horse named Albert,” I muttered to myself.
The file was replaced and I kept searching. I found ‘Hastings, Linda’, and again ‘Bosworth, Ken’. Each contained similar detailed information on the person and their parents. With a deep breath I now flipped back the C’s and found; “Clarence, Jet.”
“Damn it.”
I reached for the file but an instant before my fingers closed on the cardboard surface I froze. My heart hammered. The hand was withdrawn. The drawer was closed.
“Not now. Please, not now.”
I turned, intending on checking if anything was to be found on the other floors of the building. But the unmistakable sound of an approaching vehicle stopped me. I jogged back to the lobby and peered out through the broken doors, cursing myself for not parking my car out of sight. Gliding up the driveway approached a black vehicle. The windows tinted and exterior polished to a mirror shine. It parked beside my car, the engine cut, and doors opened. 
Philip, the security guard, stepped out first. His expression was somewhere between confused and sheepish. The dark haired young man followed. Then emerged my grandmother.


CHAPTER 19

I felt my feet carrying me forward. The flame burst from its cage and sang a shrill tune in my ears. I had no idea of my intentions. The dark haired young man spotted me first.
“Ah, Jet Clarence,” he said, smiling wryly, “Out of hospital and back in the land of the living I see.”
Gran spotted me next. Her eyes widened. Upon registering the young man’s words she shot him a stare of disbelief.
“Yes, he survived, grandmother,” he said, “And I found him. Relax, I can handle this.”
“You unbelievable idiot,’ she hissed.
I stopped at the top of the stairs. Below me gran shuffled back to the car. Her walking stick clicked a tuneless rhythm on the asphalt.
“Unbelievable idiot!” she roared again.
“Fran Clarence,” I heard myself saying, “You are wanted for questioning. Please turn yourself in to my custody and I will escort you to the nearest Department of Magic…”
“Back to full strength then?” the young man said. “Back to peak performance, prodigy? Whatever are you capable of now, I wonder?”
Gran climbed into the passenger seat. She pulled the door closed and hunched into the classic ‘crash position’.
“Fran Clarence!” I bellowed, descending the stairs, “Exit the vehicle! You are wanted for questioning and will turn yourself in to my custody!”
“You’re on private property,” the young man said, moving to intercept, “and I believe you’ve committed a breaking and entering violation. I’ll let that slide. But we’ll have to ask you to leave, Enforcer Clarence.”
He narrowed his eyes. There was a fleeting sensation of vertigo. Then I realised my arms were on fire. Yellow tongues burst into life at my wrists and twisted up to my shoulders. The fabric of my uniform began to turn black and unbearable heat seared my skin. I screamed. An instant later a bolt was sailing towards my head. 
This attack would likely have killed me six months ago; and came very close to killing me even after Enforcer training. But by some incredible, automatic reaction a hand was snap-charged with Spirit and lashed out. I felt my palm make contact and the energy was deflected; sent spiralling up over my shoulder and into the side of the building. There was a dull BOOM, then a deafening tinkle as a dozen windows turned glittering waterfall. An instant before turning towards the young man, flames still clinging to my arms, I caught a glimpse of my grandmother’s expression. She was horrified.
“Well how about that,” the young man exclaimed, face glowing with delight. “That’s the way, Jet Clarence!”
I sucked in a breath and found my Place of Calm. The flames vanished. Then, borrowing from Delaney’s arsenal, pushed out an image with the full force of my ability. A mother rat eating her own offspring, the bald creatures crying out like human babies. The young man flinched. But I was resisted. An image came straight back, a counter-spell. A woman being flattened by a steamroller from the feet up, wailing hysterically as bones splintered from her legs. I resisted.
“What now?” the young man said. His grin pure elation. “What now, Enforcer? I’ve resisted humane disabling. What’s next?”
I summoned my Spirit and it exploded into life. The popping blue sparks almost closed the distance between our bodies. His smile widened.
“Last warning,” I said.
“I’m waiting.”
A drop of Spirit was directed to my hand and I fired it off. The young man held up his palm, accepted it, and absorbed. I fired again. Again the bolt was absorbed.
“What are we doing here?” he crooned, “Playing catch?”
“Class 4?” I asked.
“5,” he corrected. “We’re the same, Jet Clarence. Straight down the line.”
“Are we really?”
About a quarter of my Spirit was directed to my uninjured hand. The sparks swirled as they moved to take up position, spiralling like an army of sentient fireflies. They twisted and gathered on my hand. A vibrating hum rang in the air. I released. The mass of energy, unfocused, travelled slowly. It crawled through the air at a fast walk, buzzing and sizzling, cracking asphalt beneath. The young man crouched and braced in preparation. He could have stepped out of the way.
Seconds before he caught the enormous orb I let loose a second, this one tightly focused into the size of an apple and zipping along at blinding speed. It penetrated through the back of the first, exited out the front, and smashed into his perplexed face. His head snapped back but he managed to refocus and catch the first orb. His face grimaced as the energy was drawn away. As he returned his focus to me I was already on top of him. I drove a fist into his solar plexus. He gasped and doubled over.
“Not straight down the line,” I said, following with a right to the side of his head. Enough Spirit was applied to send his body spinning. “One of us has had his nose in a stack of textbooks for the last six months.”
Before he had hit the floor my eyes were turning to my grandmother. She was still hunched in the passenger seat. Her mouth gaped.
“Fran Clarence…!”
“You stay away from me,” she mewled.
I walked towards the car.
“You will turn yourself over in to my custody…”
Her eyes narrowed and the world began to contract. Vertigo fluttered. It was pushed back with ease.
“Now, Jet,” she muttered as I approached the door, “You are an Enforcer. There is protocol…”
The world contracted again. Again I fought it off. She struggled to shift her old body from the passenger seat into the drivers. I tried the door handle; it was locked.
“Jet,” she whimpered, “Please…”
The world contracted a third time and fourth, each attack less focused and easier to resist. She was running out of steam. I jogged round to the driver’s side. She spotted my intention and reached out to lock the door. Her arm stretched to its full extent and a liver spotted hand flailed inches from the locking mechanism. 
I stepped to the other side of the car and that’s when Philip the security guard sprang into action. I caught a glimpse of him as he stood from his crouched position, then the flashlight caught me square on the forehead with a THUNK. I staggered. Stars burst in front of my eyes. And an instant later Gran’s blast smashed into me, tearing at my body and ripping at my uniform like a river current. Briefly I managed to resist and draw in the energy, but soon started slipping.
Then I was flying backwards. My body made contact with the steps and back of my head cracked onto a sharp edge. The blast continued, bombarding me. My ears roared with a sound like gusting wind. The brick steps exploded upwards into fragments. For an instant I was sure I would be crushed. But the blast subsided; at last she really was running out of steam.
“Sorry brother,” I heard Phillip whimpering, “Man, I am so sorry…”
The world contracted and this time my swimming head was not able to resist. I waited, expecting more artificial flames or images of horror. But they did not materialise. Assuming the spell to have failed I attempted to stagger back to my feet, only to realise my legs were not responding. I glanced down and realised they were broken. Bones protruded from my shins and spiked through my trousers in white splinters. I gasped and attempted to reach down, but lo and behold my arms were also broken. Both were bent back at the elbows to make dual right angles.
“Oh, you bitch…” I heard myself mutter.
Sirens were approaching. Automatic D.O.M backup. I had not made or received a call in ten minutes. 
“You insufferable idiot!” gran was snarling, “You had him?! You had him in the hospital and you let him go?!”
“I can handle him,” the young man responded groggily, “I can beat him…”
“I told you not to underestimate him! This is not a pissing contest! For God’s sake, get back in the car! You absolute cretin!”
“Let me finish him…”
The sirens were getting closer.
“The Enforcers, you idiot! Get back in the car!”
There was the sound of a car door opening. I looked up, vision swimming and warm liquid running down the back of my neck. The young man was climbing into the driver’s seat.
“Let’s go!” he yelled at Philip.
The large security guard was hovering nearby. He glanced at me, eyebrows knitted together in regret, then moved towards the car.
“Damn it,” I growled to myself.
My Place of Calm fluttered from my grasp again and again. The car’s engine fired up. Distantly, the Enforcer vans were now pulling up outside the security gate. In a last ditch effort I clawed for my Spirit and focused it in the space before my eyes, heart hammering. My target was a sliver of Fran Clarence’s head, visible through the passenger window. It was not impossible to hit, and I may have if Philip had not stepped into my line of sight at the last second. The projectile exploded against his head and he pitched to the side, bulk slamming into the car and shattering a window. His unconscious body slumped to the floor.
“Go!” gran screeched.
I drew up a second bolt, crushing failure now settling in my stomach. But gran was no longer visible. The car had lurched forward and was heading towards the perimeter fence. I fired. The rear bumper wrenched free and went spinning off. I fired again, aiming for the back window. But hit the trunk. Metal crushed concave and shunted the car’s rear a foot to the side, forcing the tyres to shriek as they fought for purchase. 
The young man stuck his arm out the window and released a bolt at the fence. It exploding open and cleared a path. The vehicle moved to exit. I fired again and missed the entire vehicle. It passed through the fence and swung out onto the flanking road. I fired again. And again, as it tore off out of sight. And again. And again. But it was gone.

*****

My Place of Calm would not be locked down. My heart refused to slow, denying focus. I drew in deep breaths, desperately trying to dispel the adrenalin. But it remained, pumping fire into my veins.
“Come on,” I heard myself snarling.
I looked down at my legs and attempted to urge them into action, hoping that intention alone would break the Spell. But as my cheeks puffed out and face screwed up in concentration all that was achieved was a feeble twitching. 
“Clarence?” the radio voice drifted over from my car, “Come back, Clarence? Backup has arrived on the scene. Do you read?”
“She’s getting away!” I screamed back at the radio, “She’s getting away!”
Defeat settled in like an irrevocable lead weight.
“She’s getting away!”
The words tore up my throat and exploded from my mouth; a release of pure frustration and rage. Anger radiated from every fibre of my body. I screamed, and all at once my Spirit was tearing directly up into the sky. It penetrated the heart of a cloud and churned it into a spiral. For an infinite moment there was nothing but white-hot scorching defeat. And the flame screamed along in its own discordant voice. 
The blast subsided and I lay back, panting. White novas exploded in my head.
“Clarence, come back, Clarence?” the radio repeated, “Backup standing by, Clarence?”
Seconds passed. The rage subsided. It dawned on me my limbs were once again functional. I staggered to my feet and hobbled over to the vehicle, hand holding the back of my head. My fingers felt clotted hair. Across the parking area a handful of Enforcers had gathered to breach the gate. One waved anxiously and I waved back.
“This is Clarence.” I said into my radio, “A black vehicle has left the Global Net property. Repeat a black vehicle has just left the property a few minutes ago, through the damn border fence. Occupant is Fran Clarence, wanted for questioning. Heading southeast up… Tenth... I think it’s Tenth. Do you copy?”
“We copy, Clarence.”
“Tell them to move. They might still be able to catch her.”
I made to climb into the vehicle but halted. My eyes drifted to the unconscious body of Phillip. My hand moved to the radio but I stopped it. My brain was yammering.
‘He knows something,’ it babbled, ‘has to know something. He had to apply for the job. Be at an interview. Fran Clarence had to plant the spells. He knows something…’
My heart was returning to sixth gear. A ray of hope was breaking through the fog of defeat. A quick glance at the other Enforcers showed their vehicles were reversing out of the driveway and moving to pursue my grandmother. My head spun and eyes fixed on the Global Net entrance. That bastard creature; I had illegally entered the building. That meant by letter of the law none of the information I had found could be used in a case. And, by extension, Phillip the security guard had no grounds to be legally interrogated. My eyes settled back on his limp heaving mass.
I reached down and grabbed him under the arms, grunting as I heaved his body to the vehicle. But my injured hand, having been cooperative the entire day, began screaming white fire.
“Damn it,” I hissed through clenched teeth, “Move you son of a bitch! Move! Move!”
My heart lurched as I realised a figure was standing nearby. It watched quietly.
“Don’t just stand there,” I snapped at it, “Grab his legs.”
The demon moved to obey and together we managed to stuff Phillip into the passenger seat.
“Clarence,” the radio said, “Clarence, what is your position?”
I jogged round to the driver’s door.
“This is Clarence,” I responded, “Joining pursuit of black vehicle.”
“Roger that, Clarence.”
Halfway back to the apartment Phillip groaned and raised his head. Around us afternoon traffic buzzed.
“God, my head,” he mumbled. “What happened? Where the hell am I?”
“Stay calm, Phillip” I said, flipping on the indicator. “Stay calm. I’m an Enforcer. You’ve been in an accident.”
“An accident? Who the hell are you?” His body tensed. “Where am I? I’m supposed to be at work…”
I pulled over into a street side parking bay. His hand reached automatically for the door handle. I grabbed his arm.
“Stay calm and stay low,” I said. His head turned and piggy eyes focused on my face. “Lay back, keep quiet. You’ll be fine.”
“What? Why?”
“Trust me. You need to stay low and out of sight until we’re…”
“Why? I need to be at work. You need to take me back! Please, I’ll be in trouble! Who the hell are you?!”
A passing couple glanced in through the windscreen but kept moving. Phillip was resisting. My grandmother’s spell held firm.
“Phillip, listen to me.” I increased the output of Spirit. “You are in serious danger. Do you understand me?”
“Danger?”
“Yes, danger. Life threatening danger. If you do not stay low and out of sight, mouth shut, they’ll see us. Get me?”
“They?”
“Yes. They! They! You’re putting us both at risk. Just do as I say. Shut up and stay down. Okay?”
He nodded, lips trembling. “Okay...”
“Okay, Phillip?”
“Yes, yes.”
“Good man.”
He hunched down and I pulled out of the parking bay. Twenty minutes later we were at the apartment.
“We’re here,” I announced, glancing around. 
A saucer eye peeked from under an arm. “Where?”
“The safe house. They won’t find you here.”
“You’re sure?’
“I’m sure. Now listen.” I turned to face him, pushing out more Spirit. “We have to get inside and up the stairs. But you need to act casual. Okay? You need to throw them off if they’re watching. Understand?”
“They might be watching?”
“Oh yes, Phillip. You never know where they may be. It’s always a risk. Can you do that? Act casual?”
“I’ll try.” He took a deep breath. His face glistened with sweat.
“Excellent. Don’t look around, look straight ahead. Keep cool. And follow me.”
“Okay.”
I cleared my throat and grabbed the radio. “Clarence here”
“Go ahead, Clarence.”
“I think I’ve spotted the black vehicle at a residence. Proceeding to investigate.”
“Roger that, Clarence.”
I climbed from the car and headed into the apartment block. Phillip followed behind, shuffling along with eyes darting off in an attempt to spot ‘them.’
“Just stay calm, buddy,” I said, “up the steps. Let’s go. Almost there.” 
By the time we exited onto the fifth floor his eyes were wild and breathing frantic. I quickened my pace. The apartment came into view.
“Just up ahead.”
It seemed we would arrive unseen. But on the home stretch an apartment door opened and resident stepped out. A pensioner in her seventies, recyclable shopping bag in hand.
“Oh, hello boys,” she said, smiling.
I snapped round and peered into her face. “Hello, ma’am. You haven’t stepped out of your apartment yet. You remembered you have to wash the bathroom sink and decided to do that before leaving. So that’s what you’re doing right now. You didn’t see me. You didn’t see Phillip.”
“Yes. I’ll wash the bathroom sink.”
She stepped back inside.
“Thank you, ma’am.”
We kept walking. Phillip swallowed.
“Spy?” he muttered.
“Almost certainly.”
We arrived and I unlocked the apartment door.
“Benny?”
No answer. I stepped aside and let Phillip waddle eagerly inside. He let out a shuddering sigh. 
“Wow, thanks, man,” he gasped, “Oh my word. I really owe you one, you know that? I thought for sure they had me. For sure. I’ll make it up to you. When we get out of this I owe you a serious solid.”
“Just take a seat and relax for a moment. Don’t talk, okay. I need to think.” My voice lowered. “They might be listening so just…” I put a finger to my lips.
He nodded and sat on the living room couch. My brain scrambled. How to probe the man and get him back out into the world? Major mind surgery was required either way I looked at it.
“Respect the clicks,” I muttered to myself.
“What?” he blurted.
I put my index finger to my lips.
“Right, sorry.”
One step at a time. I walked over and sat on the coffee table, facing Philip.
“Something’s going to happen now, Phillip. And you’re probably not going to like it.”
His face drained. “What?”

*****

 “You don’t need to use the bathroom, do you?” I asked, handing him a pillow.
“No.”
“You’re sure, Philip? Don’t you go to the bathroom in my closet, buddy.”
“Okay. I’m a bit hungry.”
“I’ll give you something later. I have to run.”
“Okay. You’re sure they won’t find me in here?”
“Pretty sure. Just remember to stay quiet. Don’t answer to anyone unless it’s me. Even if you hear someone in the apartment. Don’t call out to them. Okay?”
“Of course, man. You think I’m stupid?”
“I think you’re as sharp as a whip, Phillip.” I started to swing the cupboard door closed.
“Hey, Jet.”
“What?”
“Thanks again, man.”
“Sure thing, buddy.”
I closed the cupboard door and locked it then hurried back out of the apartment. The pensioner stepped back out as I jogged up the corridor.
“Hello, Jet,” she said with a smile.
“Hello, ma’am. How are you?”
“I’m well today. Washed the kitchen sink.”
“Excellent. Have a nice day.”
The steps were descended two at a time and I arrived at the car panting.
“Clarence here,” I said into the radio, “False alarm. Wasn’t the right car. Belonged to a resident...”
“Clarence, please report in immediately.”
My heart froze. “Come again? I said the car belonged to a resident.”
“Report in, Clarence. All available Enforcers are required for a major operation.”
“Oh. Roger that.”
Upon reporting to my D.O.M it was clear something major was going on. Enforcers were pouring in for duty and the briefing room was so packed most had to stand. I found a place and squeezed in between bodies.
“Know what’s going on, Clarence?” a young female Enforcer asked.
“No.”
She turned to a few others. “He says he doesn’t know.”
Chief Commander Gill entered and a hush fell.
“Alright, listen up Enforcers. I’m sure you’ve all seen Mister Jeremy Dempsey on television lately gabbing off about magic user rights. So I’m going to skip the introductions. And naturally whatever opinions you have on him are completely irrelevant.” His eyes moved over the crowd. “What is relevant is that he is about to publicly address a significant crowd at the stadium. Most of which are expected to be magic users. And as I’m sure you can all imagine, there is some concern about an atmosphere of restlessness. We are being called in to enforce the calm when and if that situation should occur. Now I’m afraid we don’t have much time to prepare for this, so most of the operation is going to happen on the fly. We will deploy in exactly thirty minutes, after which your Squad Commanders will direct you. Questions at this time?”
“Why weren’t we informed about this in advance?” someone asked. “Shouldn’t he have had to request permission weeks ago, sir?”
“Fair question, Enforcer. The answer to which is this: Jeremy Dempsey is a politician and an opportunist. He is also an asshole.”
The room chuckled nervously.
“You are correct in that any public gathering over a certain size needs permission from the city and its various safety services. Dempsey has permission from neither. And in fact we were not informed about his planned gathering until an hour ago. What he does have is the ability to spin denial to his advantage. This will enflame an already highly volatile public situation, and either way, if we bow to his demands or deny them, he will inevitably gain standing with the magic using public. So the decision was made to allow the gathering.”
“You’re right, he is an asshole,” the Enforcer said.
More chuckles.
“It’s expected to be a big crowd,” Gill continued, “somewhere around five thousand. Just hang back and hold your positions unless you are told to act. Do not give these people a reason, Enforcers, because trust me they are looking for a chance to let off steam. And we will not give it to them. Do you all understand?”
The Enforcers murmured.
“Then let’s move out.”
From the D.O.M a convoy shuttled the Enforcers to the central city stadium. Our vehicles converged with dozens more en route, putting the total number of Enforcers somewhere in the hundreds. City streets ground to halt as we were allowed right of way. Minutes later the mass of vehicles arrived in an immense parking area and the Enforcers filed out. Nearby, I noticed clumps of civilians were drifting towards the main entrance.
“Vehicle B-19, C-19 and D-19,” a Commander yelled, “With me! We will be making up part of the team positioned on the outermost ring of the stadium, on the East side. More Enforcers will be positioned at the central entrances and more around the sports pitch. Our focus is going to be the civilians in the seating below us. Unless the situation gets hostile or out of control, we do nothing but stand and look pretty. If things do get out of hand you work with the body beside you and force calm. All understood? Good.” He glanced at a clipboard. “Ah. Rejoice, people. It looks like Clarence is among you.”
There was a combination of laughter and murmurs of interest. A few heads craned around to find me. They offered smiles and greetings. Among them was one familiar face; Clara Anderson. She stared ahead without acknowledging me.
“Alright, lets get moving, Enforcers. The civilians are arriving even as we speak. Into positions.”
 The squad of forty followed the Commander and was directed toward a side entrance. Each Enforcer was handed a radio as they entered the building. We emerged halfway up the seating, made a 90 degree turn, and proceeded to the back of the stadium. The tens of thousands of empty seats stretched out in gigantic rings around us. Upon reaching the back of the stadium the Commander directed us into position, standing side by side and forming a ring of bodies that stretched off to encircle the stadium perimeter. Distantly I could see the ring looping round in front of me, swinging round, and coming back to join my side.
“Keep your positions,” the Commander said, his voice emerging from my radio, “I’ll give further instructions as the event unfolds.”
 Only then did I glance to my right and realise the person closest to me, ten meters away, was Anderson. She again ignored me, but my suspicion was the girl had purposefully snuck her way to my side.
“Anderson?”
She ignored me. I sighed and turned my attention to the rows of seats ahead. I followed them down to the central sea of green grass. In the centre of the pitch a stage had been erected, appearing the size of a pack of playing cards from this distance. Around it, visible as miniature black shapes, another ring of Enforcers circled the field’s circumference.
A tense fifteen minute wait passed. Civilians began to trickle in and occupy the seats, no more than three hundred. But the trickle became a steady flow, which became a torrent. Soon the stadium was buzzing with thousands of restless bodies. I estimated, based on the remaining empty seats, at least five thousand with more arriving. Soon the lower seats were occupied and civilians drew nearer the back. I caught glimpses of faces staring up in our direction. Then as all the seats were taken even the green grass began to blot out as it was occupied. There were in the tens of thousands.
It was then, staring around trying and capture the full magnitude of the scene, two distinct realisations occurred. The first was that the situation was ridiculous. The number of Enforcers to civilians was not ideal to say the least. And it was certainly not only me who had begun to feel a touch overwhelmed.
The second realisation dawned more gradually. The Crowd Surfing spell was once again present. It floated in the air, drifting like a persistent song, coming at me from all directions and licking gently at my mind. I again looked over at Anderson.
“Anderson.”
She did not look round.
 “Anderson! Clara!”
She turned to me. Her expression was strained but level. “What?”
“Do you feel that?”
“Feel what?”
“The spell.”
She glanced around. “What spell?”
“It’s there. Look for it. I think it’s something important. Try looking.”
She frowned but nodded. Her eyes searched out across the stadium. “Jet?”
“You see it?”
“No. But there are too many people. Aren’t there?” Her shell was cracking. Fear crept to the surface. “How can we control so many?”
“I don’t know, Clara. But maybe it won’t come to that.”
“Stand by,” my radio said, “We’ve been informed Dempsey has arrived. He’s heading to the stage. Repeat, stand by.”
My eyes moved to the field and spotted a black shape emerge, surrounded by a handful of presumably private security. It advanced towards the stage, moving along a clear path allocated by strips of tape. It mounted a set of stairs and took up a microphone. Thousands of eyes watched.
“Ladies and gentleman,” Dempsey said, voice amplified by a thundering PA system, “Thank you all for being here. I’m humbled by your presence.”
The crowd settled. The Spell continued to swirl aimlessly.
“Before we start I’d like to give my condolences to the family of Judy Carlson. She, and those tragically killed at the Enforcer Academy, will be missed. A moment of silence, please.”
The silence was so thick it could’ve crushed an egg. 
“Now I believe it’s no secret why we are all gathered here,” Dempsey continued, “In fact I would say it is an inevitable result; something that has been brewing for some time. Wouldn’t you all agree?”
The crowd vocalised their agreement. The sound was distant ocean surf.
“Injustice,” he said. 
The murmurs grew.
“Inequality.”
Louder…
“And frustration.”
The murmurs shifted into a roar of angry cheers.
I drew my focus from Dempsey and looked out over the carpet of bodies. The Spell was growing, gathering up and sloshing about like sentient vapour. It washed over me again and again. A sideways glance revealed Clara still had not detected it. Nor were any of the other Enforcers reacting.
“…some of the most productive members of society treated like second class citizens…”
I looked back at Dempsey and squinted. No Spells were emanating directly from him. And still the Spell intensity increased.
“What in God’s name is going on,” I muttered to myself.
A thought occurred. I drew in a breath, braced, and dropped my defences. The Spell rushed in to penetrate my mind. But there was nothing. I focused inward, exploring my mind and probing for intrusion, attempting to detect foreign thoughts. But all was as it should be. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. I had just accepted defeat when...
 ‘Injustice. Inequality. Frustration. I will not be treated this way,’ it said, ‘Injustice. Inequality. Frustration. I will not be treated this way.’
“Oh shit…” I muttered.
So subtle it was barely even a whisper…
“…about time we stepped up and made ourselves heard,” Dempsey was saying, “about time we demanded what we rightly deserve; respect!”
The roar was deafening.
“Clara. Clara!”
She looked at me. Her eyes were now swimming with terror. In that moment I could’ve sworn the roar of the crowd alone would bowl over her tiny body. 
“What?!” she yelled. Her voice nearly lost.
“Things are going to get hostile. Be careful!”
Her eyes grew. “What? How do you know?”
“…spent my entire life waiting for acknowledgment, waiting for someone to tell me I’m part of this city. And have I got it?”
The roar nearly lifted off the ceiling.
‘Injustice. Inequality. Frustration. I will not be treated this way. Injustice. Inequality. Frustration. I will not be treated this way.’
I raised the radio to my mouth. “Commander, this is Clarence.”
“I’m reading you, Clarence. Go ahead.”
On either side the Enforcers raised their radios.
“Sir, I’m feeling a Spell, very strong, low level. I believe Crowd Surfing.”
“Crowd Surfing? What are you talking about, Clarence?”
“Sir, just trust me on this. I can feel it. I think things are about to go hostile.”
There was a pause.
“Enforcers, is anyone else picking up any Spell? Report.”
Another pause.
“Holy shit, he’s right, sir,” a voice said at last, “this is Carter. I feel it, sir. It’s unlike anything I’ve ever felt, but it’s there.”
“Alright, prepare yourselves, Enforcers. Find your Calm and get ready to act.”
I holstered my radio and looked up. Above me was a sensation of the enormous domed roof pushing down, crushing us with an invisible weight. The spell gathered as a gargantuan cloud hanging weightless above the thousands of heads. Despite my pulse quickening it was an incredible thing to witness.
“Always a possibility,” I said to myself, “Fuel and air; the ingredients are all here. All that is required now is…”
The gunshot came from somewhere off to my left. I caught a glimpse of an arm protruding above the crowd, pistol clutched in hand. The reaction spread like a ripple. The cloud ignited. Heads turned towards the noise, faces contorted with anger. All at once the roar took on a sharper edge. 
“All Enforcers, all Enforcers,” my radio yelled, “Stand fast and calm the crowd, repeat…”
The first distant SNAP came as aggressive Spirit was released. Another SNAP quickly followed. And another, and another. Before I could begin to decide the right course of action the air was alive with a fireworks display in fast forward. 
Around the perimeter shapes detached from the crowd and moved towards the Enforcers, openly attacking. It was a sight so terrifying I thought my bowels may literally drop.
‘Something that has already been associated with human qualities,’ my mind said, bizarrely recalling the words of Delaney many days passed, ‘suddenly stripped of them, is an assault to our very natures…’
Bodies began to move in my direction, vaulting a railing and approaching. I stared, dumbfounded. And might simply have been overwhelmed and gang beaten had a shrieking not snapped me back to reality.
“Jet, help! Help me!”
I looked to my side and saw Anderson disappear as a group swarmed her. The sight spurred me into action. I took a quick breath and found my Calm, then squared my shoulders and faced the anonymous civilians bearing down on me.
“What are you people doing?!” I bellowed, making myself heard above the chaos, “Have you lost your minds?! You’re about to attack an Enforcer!”
My Spirit went cascading out, enveloping my attackers. They halted. Around me the chaos continued.
“I am an Enforcer!” I continued, “You dare put your hands on me!? Have you forgotten what this uniform means!?”
Calm spread; one spell shattered and another took its place. Confused faces glanced at each other. To my left the crowd converging on Clara was not affected. I heard her voice rise up again, shrill and terrified.  
“Jet! Jet, help me!”
I turned and dashed, knocking a stunned citizen sprawling.
“Move away!” I roared, releasing more Spirit, “Move away, an Enforcer is approaching! Make way!”
Some moved, others hesitated and I shoved them aside. Finally I reached a huddle of bodies that bore down on Clara.
“Out of my way!” I snarled, “Move aside!”
Those nearest flinched and cringed away, some even squawking as if I’d transformed into a werewolf. But still I felt compelled to lash out, rage creeping into my head. I smashed a fist into the chest of young man. My Spirit exploding in a mini nova and he went stumbling backwards.
“Out of my way!”
More figures scattered. Clara was revealed; body huddled in the foetal position. I approached and at first thought she had managed to remain unharmed.
“Anderson? Clara?!”
But she looked up and revealed a tear streaked face. Her cheeks were battered and bleeding, one eye swollen and a lip split. Trembling hands drew the front of her torn uniform closed, covering exposed breasts.
“Okay, you’re okay, Clara,” I said, helping her stand. 
She rose. Shame and terror radiated off her.
I faced the gathering crowd again. Scores were hovering, some looked shocked, others ashamed, some still enraged
“What have you done to this woman?!” I snapped. My eyes drifted from one anonymous face to another. “Which of you animals assaulted this young woman?! Who was it?!” I fixed my eyes on a random face. “You?!”
“Not me, Enforcer.”
“You?!”
He shook his head. I didn’t think it necessary but applied yet more Spirit. Eyes struggled to meet my gaze and turned to the floor. Humanity slowly re-established itself. But still the stadium was alive with conflicts playing out elsewhere. Screams and shouts rose up in a symphony of anarchy. Spirit exploded like gunshots.
“Now get back to your seats!” I commanded.
People moved to obey. 
I sighed. My heart thumped. Now came the growing pressure of similar calming spells being cast. The Enforcers were fighting to take control.
I turned to Clara. “Are you okay?”
“I’m okay,” she mewled. One hand wiped blood from her lips. Her tears had ceased.
I hesitated, wanting to offer comfort.
“What?!” she snapped suddenly, “I panicked!”
“I know, Clara. It happens.”
 I turned away and watched as calm began to descend across the stadium. The crackles of Spirit and flashes of light slowed, then ceased entirely. A few moments later came a general movement in the crowd. People eased away from the line of Enforcers and drifted back to their seats.
“Now hear this,” a voice boomed over the speaker system, “Now hear this! My name is Gill, and I am a Chief Commander in the Department of Magic! I am hereby declaring this gathering illegal! You will all disperse! As of right now!”
Gill’s blue uniform had appeared on the stage. There was no sign of Dempsey.
“I repeat; you are to disperse immediately!”
The masses began to funnel towards the exits.


CHAPTER 20

At debriefing Chief Commander Gill was sombre. He stood before the Enforcers for a long moment, surveying the sea of bruised cheeks and swollen eyes. Clara Anderson had not been alone in her beating. 
“I think it goes without saying that what occurred at that stadium was no accident,” he said at last, “For those of you who did not detect it, the spell seems to have been a form of Crowd Surfing. Altered, mutated and customised to astonishing degrees. Every man and woman in this room can thank their training that it did not affect them to a noticeable degree. We have not seen anything like it and frankly the D.O.M was not even aware it was possible. But our top specialists are working on it as we speak; looking for possible counter spells and working on some means of preventing further infection.”
A hand shot up.
“Yes, Enforcer?”
“Do we have any idea who’s behind this, sir?”
“The ‘who’s’ and ‘why’s’ are unknown at this time. But one or more very powerful magic users are involved. Either way the implications of what we witnessed are immense. If anyone has heard or seen anything that can help shed light on the situation, speak up. Anything might help.”
I bit my lip. My mind went back to the Global Net building. The information I had illegally glimpsed. 
Another hand went up.
“Yes, Enforcer?”
“What was the purpose of the Spell, sir?”
“Also unknown at this time, Enforcer. Speculation is it was a politically motivated attack. But this is an unconfirmed theory and should be treated as such. So you all keep your mouths shut and stay very far away from the media. That is not a polite request people, the last thing we need is rumours of that kind, making an already bad situation worse.” 
“To what end, sir?” someone else spoke up, “what are they hoping to achieve with this Spell?”
“Again, only speculation at this time; spreading unrest among magic users is clearly the goal. But what that will achieve is uncertain.”
I put my hand up.
“Yes, Clarence?”
Faces turned in my direction.
“I felt the spell yesterday, Commander Gill,” I said, “In the streets.”
Gill studied me. “Why are you only mentioning this now, Clarence?”
“I wasn’t sure what I was detecting, sir.”
“Alright. Go on, can you give us some details, son?”
“I followed a suspect out into the streets and was confronted by a group of civilians. The spell was present.”
“You felt that same Crowd Surfing Spell on the streets? In a random group of civilians?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I see.”
“What does it mean, sir?” someone asked.
“I’m not sure, Enforcer. You know as much as I do. Get out there and find out. As of right now you’re all on standby. Dismissed.”
There were exhausted sighs. The Enforcers stood and exited. I hovered.
“Chief Commander Gill.”
“Yes?”
I cleared my throat. “I requested a search warrant for a building; Global Net.”
“I’m aware, Clarence. A bit swamped at the moment, I’ll get to it. Not our top priority.”
“I think its best we get to it sooner rather then later, sir. I have reason to believe there may be a connection between Little Dreamers, Global Net, and the Crowd Surfing Spell.”
“Reason to believe? How much reason?”
“I’m certain, sir.”
“Then why haven’t you made a report, Clarence…?” He paused, staring at me. The lines on his face deepened. “What’s the situation? What is going on? You made a call that Expelled-Enforcer Fran Clarence was at that building, as I understand. Your grandmother? Just what the hell is going on, Jet? Would you like to elaborate?”
I swallowed. “No, sir. Nothing to add. But I do believe we should get a team into Global Net as soon as is possible. It would greatly help us combating the Crowd Surfing Spell, I believe. A hunch, sir.”
He studied me. “Alright. Fine. I’ll push through the search warrant and dispatch a team immediately.”
“Excellent, sir.”
“And Clarence?”
“Yes, sir?”
“If you come across other information that might be helpful, or have any other ‘hunches’, as you put it, you let me know. Okay? This is a crisis we’re dealing with and circumstances are glassy in such times. Do you understand what I’m saying? Write up a full report, please.”
“Yes, sir. I think so.”
I claimed a work station in the common room and got busy with paperwork. I opened the ‘Little Dreamers’ file, clicked on the ‘Connections’ tab, then the ‘Global Net’ entry. I forwarded the ‘requesting a search warrant’ to Gill. The second time. Then completed a form that stated I had suspicions about the location based on ‘behaviour by a security guard possibly related to Manipulation spells’. This form was also sent with the note ‘details to follow.’
My thoughts turned to the man currently hiding in my closet; Phillip the security guard. The last remaining solid path to my mother and grandmother. A sudden image struck me; the dopey man breaking free from the spell and snapping back to reality, realising his situation and going screaming out of the apartment. Straight to the nearest D.O.M. I buckled down and attempted to hurry through the details of the report, but the sheer amount of pedantic information could not easily be rushed. When at last I was done two hours later I headed into Gill’s office and placed the printout on his desk.
“Ah, speedily done,” he said, flipping through it, “Thank you, Clarence.”
“Of course, sir.”
I hovered. His eyes scanned through the pages.
“Clarence,” he said with a sigh, looking up at me. “I’m telling you in advance a team is being put together. Enforcers capable of detecting the Spell. There are specialists coming in from out of town, as well as a few from overseas. You, naturally, are going to be called upon. We once again have need for your talents.”
“Of course, sir.”
“Alright.” He paused and glanced at my stitches. Then my bandaged hand. “Injuries causing you grief?”
“Not brightening my day, sir.”
“Yes, I’m sure. Head home and get rest, Clarence. Someone will contact you.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Dismissed.”
I hurried home. Half of me was convinced I would spot Phillip wondering down a street in a stupor. But upon arriving and flying up the stairs the sight that met my eyes was something completely different. Benny was on the living room couch, still dressed in uniform and lazy eyes fixed on a news report. I stared at him, waiting for a reaction. He did not move.
“Benny?”
His glassy eyes fixed on me, “Hi, Jet,” and back to the TV. “Make it out of the stadium okay?”
“Yes. Girl I was with took a beating though. You?”
“Managed okay.”
I drifted over to the couch and sat beside him. We stared at the television. 
“The Crowd Surfing Spell…”
“I felt it this time. Difficult not too. Whole city will look like the inside of that stadium pretty soon. If that spell isn’t brought under control. A counter-spell created.” 
Images of black shapes detaching from a crowd and attacking Enforcers returned to me. I shuddered. “How do you possibly control something like that?”
“It spreads. But like all spells of that nature it started somewhere, with a single person. A Typhoid Mary.” He extracted a tattered pouch of tobacco and began rolling a cigarette. “It also has a lifespan. So in order to stay as strong as it currently is, it is being strengthened. So the question is; who started it and who is keeping it alive? And more to the point, who is this person capable of spreading it so far so quickly? A very powerful person, Jet. As powerful as you.” The cigarette materialised and he lit it.
I sat back. Names in a notebook were floating in front of my eyes. Names of Little Dreamers children. 
“Or persons,” I muttered to myself. Puzzle pieces were going ‘click.’ “They would want the most powerful magic users they could find. Or make.”
Benny looked at and raised an eyebrow. He puffed smoke at the ceiling. “What are you talking about?”
“I think I’m starting to get and idea of what’s going on.”
“Yes?”
“The children from Little Dreamers. I saw my grandmother implanting false memories. Building up demons. Creating powerful magic users. And unless I’m missing something, those children are…”
“Where did you see this, Jet?”
“A building across town; Global Net. There was a child at Little Dreamers named Ken. I followed his memories. They’re taking children from Little Dreamers and artificially stamping demons into their brains. God, Benny, I think they did it to me. But I don’t understand. I don’t know if that man, my demon, was real or…”
His eyes widened. “They’re making more of you?”
“It seems that way. I think they also experimented with the Crowd Surfing Spell. Maybe even created it in that room. I’m not sure. There were charts on the wall that looked like they were related. Like sheet music.”
“God damn, Jet.” He produced a tired smile. “Well done. There is still hope it can be contained; maybe before it gets particularly ugly.” He stubbed out the cigarette. “I mean, whatever they’re hoping to achieve with this. Political? Maybe they’ll ransom the city for the counter spell…”
I nodded and the room fell into silence. From my room came a muffled thump.
“You reported what you found?” Benny asked, “Specialists are investigating that building?”
I swallowed. “Yes. Put in for the search warrant. They’ll get to it…”
“You put in for the search warrant…?”
“Yes.”
He sat up. “You searched the building illegally?”
“Yes.”
“Christ, Jet! Do you realise…?!”
There was another thump. Benny’s head snapped in the direction of my room. He was suddenly whispering. “Who is in your room?”
“Benny, look, I have to tell you something. I’m a little worried about your reaction.”
“Go on.”
“There is a security guard in my cupboard. From Global Net.”
He remained expressionless. “I see.” There was another silence. “You’re serious?”
“He knows something. He can take me to them…”
I watched him, waiting. My body tensed in anticipation.
“And you’d like help extracting that information?” he asked calmly.
“I need to know…”
“Of course you do.” He smiled. “Well bring the man out. Let’s see what we can see.”
“Benny…”
“Go on. Get him.”
I hesitated at length. Then entered my room and opened the closet. A pair of enormous eyes and smell of urine washed out to greet me.
“I think there’s someone in the apartment,” Phillip whispered.
“I told you not to go to the bathroom in my closet.”
“I know. I’m sorry, I couldn’t hold it.”
“Come with me. We’re going to meet a friend.”
The large man extracted himself from the cupboard and stretched. His blue security guard trousers were darkened with stains.
“A friend?”
‘Yes. He’ll help. This will all be over soon.”
I led him into the living room. 
“Well, hello there,” Benny said brightly, “you must be Jet’s kidnap victim.’
“He said you could help,” Phillip replied nervously, “You see, there are people after me…”
“Are there now,” Benny said, feigning concern.
“Yes. They’re everywhere. Watching me, listening.” 
“That must be hard on you. Being pursued by a shadowy non-specific enemy.”
“It is.”
“Why don’t you have a seat for a moment?”
Phillip waddled over to the couch and sat.  Benny looked at me. 
“Of course you’ll have to remove his memories of being taken.”
“I know.”
“And any memories of you entering the building illegally.”
“Of course.’”
I approached Phillip. He was blinking at us in turn. 
“What are you guys talking about?” he moaned.
“But then again,” Benny continued, ignoring him, “your grandmother will surely know you took him. And if she goes digging around in his head she will uncover the information you’ve hidden. Track you right back here.” His smile was ice. “What to do about that? Now we’re in a pickle. Can we take that risk, Jet? Sending him back out there to his old life when he has the potential to give us away?”
“I didn’t…”
“I know you didn’t.”
“So what…?”
 He turned to Phillip. “Have a family, Phillip?”
“Yes,” the podgy man whispered, “A wife. Who are you people? What is going on?”
“I’m afraid she might notice something, Phillip. Maybe find your bizarre desire to flee the country a bit alarming.” He glanced at me. “Because that’s what we have to do, right Jet? Get him as far away as possible? Avoid anyone getting into his head? So I’m afraid you won’t be seeing her again, Phillip. Then again you won’t know the difference.” He sighed. “Of course your wife will report the disappearance and get the D.O.M searching. That’s no good. Better he is a person vanished, possibly with his wife, then a person up and leaving his wife for no good reason. We’ll have to pay her a visit as well. Get her gone as well.”
“Oh my God,” Phillip breathed. Tears leaked down his cheeks. “What is this? What in God’s name is going on? I haven’t done anything. Who do you think I am? I’m not him; I’m not the person you’re looking for.”
“You think I like this!?” I snapped at Benny, “You think I enjoy this bullshit?”
“No, Jet, I don’t. But you’re doing it regardless. By the way, you should know in advance that when virtually wiping out an entire adult life there is always a chance the person will struggle with acceptance. Until the day they die. Too many clicks, you see. Sometimes they even relapse.”
“She was right there!” I was suddenly screaming. “I saw her! And I won’t let her slip away again! You understand me?! I won’t let her get away!”
“And this man? Just another stepping stone on your road to obsession! Why didn’t you just let the D.O.M do their jobs, Jet? Why didn’t you let the law find Global Net? They would have found her. You would have had her!”
“Those incompetent bastards?! Those sons of bitches that shot down Judy?! That left Linda to rot in a bed?! I found her! They couldn’t do it in six months! Six months! I need to do it, Benny! I need to do it!”
He stared at me. ‘When Phillip kicks in your door two years down the line and shoots you in the face because you tore his wife out of his head. Will he be justified?’
There was silence punctuated by Phillip’s heavy breathing. Nearby the TV flickered its staccato story into the room.
“He will be justified,” I said.
“And I would be a bastard to try and stop him, Jet. Do you understand that?” He turned to Philip. “It’s best if you don’t resist, my friend. It will make the process easier.”
“Oh God, please don’t do this,” Philip sobbed, “Please don’t do this. I won’t tell anyone, I swear. I won’t tell…”
“Look into my eyes.”
The two locked eyes and the large man went calm. They held the gaze for ten seconds. Benny stepped back.
“Phillip has seen you before,” he said, “Arriving and leaving with your grandmother years ago. Been working there most of his life. He also overheard a fair amount of things I’m sure he wasn’t supposed to. But they got sloppy, forgot he was there.”
I nodded. “And?”
 “Fran, your grandmother, is head of that project they’ve got going on. She’s been experimenting with magic for decades: she and a few others. Perfecting that Crowd Surfing Spell. Implanting memories that have no business being accepted by a human mind. Mistress of the clicks, your grandmother.” His face went sombre. “Hundreds of children have been in and out of there. Some kept going back well into their teens then moved on somewhere else. Others I guess were returned to their parents if the process failed. I hope.”
“Moved on to where?”
He sighed. “The strongest subjects are adopted by your mother. Total indoctrination.”
My stomach tightened. “I suppose I knew that.”
“What those subjects are used for after that, those she adopts, I’m not sure. Any number of things I suppose; powerful, obedient soldiers, capable of miracles. But most recently I gather they have been using the B team children to spread the Crowd Surfing Spell. Those considered more expendable.”
“Now we know.”
“Yes, and can’t use the information in any official way. It’s useless.”
I cleared my throat. “What else did you find?”
“You want to know if he knew where your grandmother is.”
“Did he?”
“Do you really want to know, Jet?”
The flame raised its head. It sensed that the endgame approached. Knew that the goal was finally in sight. “Yes.”
“What will you do when you find them, Jet? Tell me, why do you need to do it? What are your intentions?”
“I don’t…”
“Tell me. Say it. Are you even aware? Say it out loud.”
“Do you know what they did to me?!” I raised my wrists. “What they did to Linda? To Judy? All those children?!”
“I know,” he replied quietly, “they screwed you up. Tried to kill you. Abused Linda. Say it out loud. If you want me to tell you, say it out loud.”
The flame burst from its cage and consumed me. It spread into every corner of my mind and scorched my brain.
“They need to die!” I snapped.
“They need to die!” a voice repeated.
Beside me a figure had appeared. Its actions mimicked my own.
“Tell me!” I roared.
“Tell me!” the demon repeated.
Benny’s face fell. He glanced at the demon. “Look, Jet. Look.”
“Go!” I spat at the demon. It disappeared. “Please, Benny. I need to know.”
“I can’t tell you, Jet. I’m sorry.”
My lips were trembling. One hand had begun to massage the wrist of the other. The demon was back. It copied the action. “Benny, I need to know. I just… need to get this done. I can’t let them get away with what they’ve done to me. To Linda…”
“I don’t want to help you hide their bodies, Jet. I don’t want to have to look the other way while two women are buried. Don’t do it like this.”
“Help me. Help me because I’m your friend.”
“I’m sorry, Jet.”
“Then step aside. I’ll do it myself.”
I moved towards Phillip. Benny stepped in my way.
“No, Jet.”
Like a rapid gathering of storm clouds, rage was blossoming in my stomach. The demon squawked.
“Get out of my way,” I snapped.
He did not respond.
“Benny, get out of my way.”
I attempted to step past him. He resisted. All at once my Spirit was uncurling into the world as a living extension of the flame. There was a release of energy, one which sent the coffee table spinning, lamp flying into ungraceful cartwheels, and Phillip tumbling from his chair. And Benny was airborne. He sailed clear across the room and smashed into a set of shelves, pulling them to the ground. A decorative flower vase shattered like a grenade.
The room was suddenly very cold.
“Oh shit,” I heard myself mutter.
I turned to the demon. It looked back at me, face blank. 
“You get out of here!” I snapped.
It disappeared and the flame calmed. My Spirit receded. I watched as Benny sat up and attempted to stand, but abandoned the effort in agony. A hand went to his ribs.
“I’m so sorry, Benny.”
I approached him and what felt like a fist the size of a football smashed into my cheek. I staggered. Stars exploded in my eyes. But I managed to stay standing.
“You’re out of your mind,” I heard Benny snarl.
My vision cleared in time to see him lunging with fist drawn back. And then I was seeing stars for the second time. My head snapped to the side and hands grabbed my collar.
“Out of your mind!”
Next came a dizzying sensation of flight and I was hitting the ground hard. Benny was sneering down at me.
“Wait…” I gasped.
Again I was hit in the face, again my head snapped to the side. Once, twice, three times, the third rattling my teeth so sharply I was certain they would be spat out as dust. And then rage was once again consuming my body. He raised his fist a fourth time, but my Spirit exploded. The room shook and chandelier jingled. His head nearly brushed the ceiling. When again he descended it was with a jarring thud near the rear of the apartment. Thankfully his body had fallen short and not exited straight out of the windows.
He did not try to stand. I lay back and stared at the ceiling. A hand held my throbbing face. It was then I realised Phillip was nowhere to be seen.

*****

I scrambled to my feet and realised the apartment door was open. Phillip’s voice came ringing from the corridor beyond.
“Help! Someone call the Enforcers! Help!”
“Oh my God, oh my God…” I muttered. 
“Get him!” Benny roared.
I burst into a sprint for the apartment door but vision was still blurred. I collided heavily with the doorframe, body spinning awkwardly and feet tap-dancing to stay steady.
“Phillip! Wait!” I called into the corridor.
There was a glimpse of his mass thirty meters ahead, turning and waddling into the stairs. On my left an apartment door opened and a familiar face of a pensioner appeared.
“Help!” Phillip cried again, “Someone help me!”
I gave chase, stumbling into the corridor with legs made of toffee.
“Does someone need help?” the old woman asked.
I staggered passed her.
“Phillip!” I yelled desperately, “Wait!”
By the time I reached the stairs he was still visible below, finishing his descent and heading for the next flight. His breath drifted up like the chugging of a steam train.
“Phillip, stop!”
“What’s going on?” asked the old woman from behind, “Is something happening?”
“Everything is fine,” I yelled over my shoulder, “Just go back inside!”
I took a deep breath and steadied my arm on the banister, aiming down. Heavy footfalls echoed and I waited, watching for the brief view I would have as he passed onto the next flight. If I missed he would be out onto the streets in a few more waddles. There was a flicker of blue and I released the bolt. The sound of him hitting the stairs had every similarity to a sack of potatoes.
“Oh thank God.” I began my descent, bandaged hand clinging to the banister. “Phillip, you okay, buddy?”
“Please! Please just let me go,” he wailed.
“Stay there, man. I’m coming to you.”
I rounded onto the last flight and he came into view. His body was hunched, one hand gripping the twisted wrist of the other. Tears flowed down his rosy cheeks.
 “I swear I won’t tell,” he mewled, “Please don’t make me forget my wife.”
“Up you get, Phillip. Come on.”
“Is everything alright down there?” a voice came from the floor above, “Does someone need help?”
“Everything is fine,” I called back. “I’m an Enforcer. Everything is under control.”
Phillip wept like a scolded child as I helped him back to his feet. Together we mounted the steps back up to the apartment. As we reached the fifth floor Benny passed limping by in front of us.
“Hello, ma’am,” I heard him. His voice was level. “My name is Kingston, I’m an Enforcer.”
“I heard someone calling for help,” the old woman responded, “is everything okay?”
“Yes, everything’s fine, ma’am.” There was a pause. “You were just watching television, weren’t you? And an interesting show came on. There was a man escaping from an apartment and the police were chasing him. Isn’t that right?”
“Yes,”
“Thank you. Do you know who else is home today, ma’am?”
“Mrs. Lorenzo is probably home.”
“And where does she live?”
“Three doors up.”
“Thank you, ma’am.”
Benny passed by again as I exited the stairs. Beside me Phillip continued to cry.
“Is he hurt?’ Benny asked.
“Think he just twisted his wrist.”
“Get him inside. Hurry.”
Three gruelling hours later we released Phillip at the train station with a pocket full of hundreds and suitcase packed with essentials. From then on he would be known as Gerald Smith, a simple man who preferred to work with cash and had a ravenous interest in stamp collecting. He would likely never secure official identification again. But, thankfully, where he was going the locals hardly cared.
“Bye, guys” he said, giving us a cheerful wave, “Thanks for everything.”
The car moved off and we drove in silence, heading to the residence of Mrs. Phillip the security guard. 
“I’m sorry,” I said to Benny at length.
“I know, Jet. I’m sorry I hit you.”
“I know that man didn’t deserve this.”
“I’m sure he didn’t. You may as well have killed him.” He cleared his throat noisily. “I’ll tell you if you want. Where to find your mother.”
I glanced at him, heart leaping. “He knew?”
“He knew something, yes.”
“I’d like to know.”
He sighed. A hand wiped over tired eyes. “I need you to promise me some things, Jet.”
“What?”
‘Whatever you do, you do it right.”
“Of course…”
“Make sure it doesn’t come back to us. I don’t care how; just make sure it stays hidden. I can help, of course, but it will be the last favour I ever do for you. The last. Where you’re going I don’t want to be involved. That road is for the insane.”
I moistened my lips. “Look I’m sorry…”
“And one more thing.”
“What?”
“If you get caught, Jet, if the D.O.M takes you down, you have to refuse Rehabilitation and serve the time. You have to insist. Understand me? Agree to the charges and serve the time.”
“I won’t get…”
“Because, if they get deep inside your head they will eventually find me and I will go down with you. I don’t want to go down for links to homicide. That’s a long time to go away. Promise me. Say it.”
I stared at him. I had never felt so alone. “I promise.”
We drove on in silence. He glanced at a road name and turned the car at an intersection.
“I’m sorry, Benny.”
“Our friend Phillip was called into the Global Net building to help when one of the children made an unexpected run for it. Your grandmother was hurt, and after the child was caught he drove her to your mother. They did a good job of scrubbing the information. But I saw part of it. Mostly luck. Your mother is living here. In town.”
My mouth gaped. “She’s in town…?”
“Yes. Didn’t go far. Had no reason, I suppose.”
“Where?”
“Can’t tell you exactly. Maybe if I’d had more time. But I can tell you it’s the top floor and on a block in the centre of town. And, as I remember, there are four apartment buildings on that particular block. So just a matter of time.”
My heart thundered. “Just a matter of time. Thank you.”
We stopped at the residence of Mrs. Phillip. Upon opening the door she looked horrified.
“Oh my God,” she breathed, “is it Phillip? Has something happened?”
 “No, ma’am. He’s fine. Can we come inside for a moment?”


CHAPTER 21

I was woken at 5AM by my DOM calling me in, as Gill had promised. Upon arriving I found the briefing room populated by two dozen faces I did not recognise. From the variations in uniform I guessed many were from abroad. Chief Commander Gill addressed us.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he began, “I would first like to thank our visitors from sister D.O.M’s across the world for responding to our request for cooperation.”
There were nods of acknowledgment.
“Now, you are all in this room for two reasons,” he continued, “One, because you are among the few persons capable of detecting an incredibly illusive spell. And two, because you are going to participate in an operation; an operation that is, I have no problem saying, one of the most vital I have coordinated. First I’d like to bring you all up to speed and mention that our Specialists, now that they are looking for it, have turned up traces of the Spell everywhere. At virtually every D.O.M in the city, as well as Rehabilitation Centres, Detention Centres, and even hospitals. It’s clear we’ve been missing it for weeks, probably months.” He riffled papers. “Now regarding Judy Carlson and one Linda Hastings, our specialists have put together a report. It seems this Crowd Surfing Spell can be utilised in a flexible manner, changed to deliver specific commands. Based on what they are learning recently at Global Net. I will get to that in a moment. In the case of these two women speculation is that one was placed with the intention of going hot, and the other to spark that intended reaction.”
“Why?” someone asked.
Gill sighed. “You all saw what happened at the stadium? Judy Carlson was ‘the gunshot’, this city ‘the stadium’. Only the reaction is happening in slow motion. Also,” he looked at me, “there seems to have been some attempt to kill two birds with one stone. Clarence was assigned to Judy specifically. And it seems obvious this was no accident.” His eyes returned to the hall. “I’m sure I don’t have to tell you the situation is a now officially a crisis.”
I blinked. The city had certainly not appeared to be gearing up for any sort of crisis.
“What steps are being taken, sir,” I asked.
“Subtle and quiet ones, Clarence. This spell requires only another spark to get pumped up. And panic, mass hysteria or any large scale excitement, would fit that bill perfectly. Do you understand?”
I swallowed. “Yes, sir.”
“Now we have been following leads at a day care centre called Little Dreamers, as well as a corporate building Global Net. The officials of these establishments are sketchy to say the least. Apparently they are not owned by anyone. What I can confirm is that work has started on a counter-spell. But it will take time.”
There were mutters.
“Is this Spell not an SME?” an Enforcer asked.
“Yes,” Gill agreed, “And it has spread across the city at an alarming rate, sitting dormant in what we estimate to be hundreds of thousands of magic users. But like all Spells of this nature it will inevitably burn out and must be bolstered to be kept strong. What happened at the stadium was, we believe, an effort to reinvigorate the Spell in as many civilians as possible. Hence, there was a Caster at the stadium. And that brings us to the nature of this operation.”
“So are we going to catch a Caster?” someone jumped in.
“We originally intended on convincing Jeremy Dempsey to organise another gathering for the sake of this operation. But he was going ahead with one already despite the obvious dangers. He said, and I quote; ‘his place is with the people who need a voice, regardless of the circumstances’. Very inspiring.”
A few chuckled.
“He doesn’t know what we intend and neither does anyone beyond this room. And it must be kept that way at all costs. Now, he agreed to have the gathering outside the city, which will minimise the effect spreading if things again go hot. But I’m afraid it will also make those attending more volatile, straight off the bat. I’m sure I need not say this will be a very dangerous operation. Any more questions?”
 There were only sombre expressions.
“Then you are dismissed for the moment. I recommend the next two days be used honing your detection skills. Clarence, stick around.”
The room began to empty. Gill turned to me. His expression was apprehensive.
“The information at Global Net is invaluable,” he said, “well done.”
“I’m glad, sir.”
“You’ll need a bit of additional training for the operation. I’ve organised it in the Preparation Hall with a man who couldn’t be better suited for the job, an ex-trainer. He sounded happy to oblige.”
“Alright, sir.”

*****

In the enormous Preparation Hall I found rows of black D.O.M vans. Some were ready for deployment and others under maintenance. The air was alive with noise and the smell of engine oil. 
“Well well, Clarence,” a voice said, “we meet again.”
 I turned to see Delaney approaching.
“Good morning,” I replied, hesitating, “I’m not sure what to address you as anymore.”
“We’re both Junior Enforcers now, Jet,” he replied, pointing to an Active medal on his breast, “So call me whatever you want.”
“Leonard then, I guess. You’ve been accepted back into the D.O.M.”
“So it seems. Still recognised as a skilled trainer though. Hence, here we are.”
“I admit I wouldn’t prefer any other trainer.”
His smile was genuine. “Thank you for saying that, Jet. So I believe you’re to learn how to trace a rather tricky Crowd Surfing mutation.”
“I believe so. But why are we in the Preparation Hall?”
“The Spell is already difficult to detect. More so in an environment of distracting ambient noise such as large crowds, so consider this hall your simulated noisy crowd.”
“Ah. I see.”
“It is unlikely you will be fortunate enough to catch this particular spell as it is initially cast,” he began, gesturing for me to take a few steps back, “In fact it is virtually impossible, especially when variations of the spell will already exist in multiple hosts. Instead you will be trying to catch a thread of the fresh spell as it extends out into the crowd, then attempt to follow it back to its source. It is never just one single spell, you see, it is many variations of that spell. Cast over and over from person to person, and each variation, although similar, is unique. Are you with me so far?”
“Yes.”
 “Good. The key is that the original spell, in such cases, will always be the most pure. As the spell passes from person to person it is changed, added to or taken away from, and so in being able to spot these variations it is possible to trace the spell back to its purest origin. You might think of it as trying to pick out a single violin in an orchestra. Difficult? Yes. Impossible? No. Not to a person with a keen ear.”
I thought back to the chart I had seen in the Global Net building. How I had first mistook it for sheet music. “Yes, I understand.”
“Don’t look so worried, Jet,” he said with a chuckle, “Once you get the idea you’ll find it’s not as complicated as it first seems. Are you ready?”
I nodded and found my Place of Calm.
“Excellent. I am going to send to you a very basic spell. The core of which is known as Crowd Surfing, or a Spontaneously Multiplying Entity. The spell you will be trying to detect will be similar.”
“What should I do with it?”
“Send it right back.”
He took a deep breath and focused. At first, with the noises of car maintenance rattling in my ears, I could detect nothing but my own flinches. But then I found it. A spell so dim it could have been mistaken for my own thoughts. And that was the point.
“Hello, Jet,” the tiny voice said. 
I homed in and isolated. The spell sat waiting patiently, wanting to be sent on its way. The image of a patient child sitting on a swing flitted through my head. I eased it back out to Delaney. But the little voice remained lingering like a residue.
“Good,” Delaney said, “And here it comes back again.”
“Hello, Jet.”
I accepted the voice and returned it a second time. And a third. And fourth.
“You’ll be noticing something by now. What do you notice?”
“It’s getting stronger,’ I replied”
“Yes. And it will keep getting stronger the longer we continue. But still remain deceptively hard to detect. It is a tricky spell. But as I’m sure you’re aware, in normal circumstances it would not be passed as such; at least in most cases, and would burn out. Either way, since up until now the message passed could not be specifically manipulated it has been a harmless addition to society.”
The tiny voice kept flying back and forth.
“What else do you detect,” he continued.
I examined the voice as it drifted in and out of my head, noticing an accumulation of residue but nothing more. 
“Nothing.”
“Look deeper, Jet,” he said, “Look beneath the voice. What is keeping it together?”
I closed my eyes and focused, granting the little intrusion every ounce of my concentration.
“Hello, Jet. Hello, Jet. Hello, Jet.”
“Below the voice,” he repeated, “below the words.”
I frowned, unsure what he was referring to. And then it struck me. Like a person obsessed with the surface of a rock only to lift it and realise an entire colony of ants lived beneath, I found a previously unseen world. Or, more accurately, like a scientist looking through a microscope and realising the world was in fact made of billions of tiny particles.
‘Or perhaps you simply don’t believe water is made of molecules,’ the voice of Templeton said.
 There was indeed another level to the Spell, so subtle that detecting it made me gasp. Just below the voice was a collection of vibrations and frequencies.
“Oh my God,” I breathed, “what is that?”
“That’s it, Jet. Have a good look.”
There were dozens. A potpourri of seemingly random chords living in the spell, all singing like the strings of an instrument in constant motion. I was surprised, then dumbfounded. For my entire life I would not have realised this truth.
“This is incredible,” I whispered.
“It is rather beautiful, isn’t it?”
“What are they?”
“The very substance of a spell. Should these vibrations cease the spell would no longer exist. And, you’ll notice, each time the Spell is passed the vibrations change. Their rhythms altered, a chord is added, sometimes duplicated.”
I watched and noticed the vibrations altering with each trip in and out of my head.
“So how can I trace the spell back to its source?”
“The earlier versions of the spell are always purer. Less complicated, more focused. The original, as such, will always have only a few simple chords.”
We continued to pass the spell and I studied it. In time I became completely engrossed by the vibrations. When it became too messy Delaney dispersed it and created another. This time I watched as two simple vibrations were distorted, multiplied, and duplicated.
“So then,” Delaney said as the day ticked over into noon, “Do you feel capable?”
“I think so. But in a crowd of thousands I imagine it can be a bit more taxing.”
“Naturally. But never fear, Jet,” he said, “I will be there to help. I’m sure between the two of us we can locate one soul among ten thousand.”
“Right.”
He laughed and patted me roughly on the shoulder. I wasn’t sure what the joke was. 

*****

Later, early evening, I stood outside an enormous building looking up at its towering, glittering mass. It was one of four. The neighbourhood in which it resided was aggressively upper class, having the cleanest sidewalks and most perfect green grass it was possible to conjure. Oddly having lots of money also seemed to mean that no one walked unless it was absolutely necessary. The result was an eerily silent neighbourhood. Only an occasional vehicle drifted up the road behind me, and even these managed to be ghostly silent. Apparently granted the power of stealth by being unreasonably expensive.
“Are you up there?” I muttered.
There were at least a hundred residents in each of the four mammoth structures. And probably enough security to isolate, restrain and vaporise a cockroach in a kilometre radius.
“She’s a beauty, huh?” a voice said.
I jumped, flabbergasted. The dark haired young man was beside me, the same from Global Net. His eyes followed my line of sight. His posture was relaxed and oiled black hair glistening in the fading sunlight. 
I stared. Then composed myself.
“Yes,” I replied evenly, “It’s a nice building.”
 “She’s not in here, Jet,” he said. “She is not in this building.”
 He turned and made eye contact, smile revealing teeth that equalled the cost of his expensive suit. My heart began to race. I jumped back and swung my head round, eyes probing the dark. Certain I would be surrounded. But the area remained deserted.
“There’s no one here, Jet,” he said, “Just us.”
“Who the hell are you?”
 He looked me up and down and chuckled. “Unbelievable. I had sensors installed in the God damned air vents. Do you realise that? Do you know how much that costs?”
I waited. My eyes again drifted into the shadows.
“It costs a butt load, I’ll tell you that much, a God damned butt load. And yet here you are again, stumbling up the street like a blind imbecile.” He paused to shake his head. The greased hair flickered. “They really had me scared. I actually lost sleep, so convinced was I you would be tearing your way in through the walls. Or blasting down the front door and marching in like some mythological colossus. ‘Jet God damned Clarence’, the prodigal son; the guy who got offered it all and took a big squatting dump on it.” The smile faded and he took a deep breath. “Know why you’re not dead already, Jet? I could’ve done it at least a dozen times by now. I wanted to look you in the eyes and see your expression when I asked. So that maybe, possibly, I could understand how a creature like you is born.”
“Ask me what?”
His face turned to steel. “Why, for the love of God, would you turn down what Genevieve Starling, I’m sorry, Fran Clarence, offered you? Why? I guess I should be grateful since your refusal offered me the opportunity. But still, I’m curious.”
My mind went back to an offer made by my grandmother in the kitchen several months earlier. Grand words had been used. Big things offered. I glanced down and realised one of my hands had begun massaging the wrist of the other.
“You want to know why I refused the offer,” I muttered. 
“Yes. I’ve worked it over in my head. Looked at it from every angle. And the only thing I can imagine is that you didn’t understand. Is that what happened? Did you not understand?” His eyes studied me. The question was genuine. My heart slowed. A gust of chilled evening wind swept down and tousled my hair.
“I understood,” I replied, “I understood enough.”
“Then why, Jet?!” His voice rose. “Why would you choose this?! Why would you spit in the face of change and choose clawing and scratching around in a world of garbage? Are you so obsessively attached to sucking filth and suffering, surrounded by fools?!”
“She killed my father,” I said, “tried to kill me…”
“She killed your father?” His mouth popped open. “He wasn’t your real father, Jet! For God’s sake, the man wasn’t related to you in any way! And in case you’re forgetting he tried to kill Barbara! Half choked her to death! It was self defence!” There was a pause. He smoothed down the lapels of his blazer and looked mildly embarrassed. “It wasn’t even supposed to happen. That man was not supposed to die. It was an accident and they improvised, changing the implants up there,” he pointed to my head, “to take advantage of a bad situation. An experiment. And it failed, clearly. Here you are.”
“Who are you?” I asked.
“Franco Starling. Barbara Starling is my mother.”
“Liza?”
“Yes, Liza Clarence. Like you, my biological parents are long gone. Genevieve and Barbara raised me as their own.”
“You know the truth. About the children. About you. You’re serving them willingly. Why…?”
“Serving them?” He chuckled. “I thank my unbelievable fortune being given the opportunity to work beside them.”
“You know what they do.”
“What they do? Yes, I know what they do. And God bless them for it. If they weren’t brave enough to stand up to the garbage flung at us by the world, who would?”
“Us?’
“All of us, Jet. Magic users. Doesn’t it piss you off? How we’re treated? Made to shrivel and obey like half-humans? Those with the most potential made to bow to those with the least? Or have you been hammered into believing its okay? Like the rest of the sick world.”
An image of a skeletal Linda flashed through my head. “Yes, it pisses me off.”
“Well then? Things won’t change by themselves. Too many people have gotten used to sitting on our shoulders. And they cling to that. But people will only live so long in injustice. It’s been coming. And I can’t tell you how blessed I feel to be able to witness the revolution from this position. The world moves forward. Change is inevitable.”
My eyes narrowed. “And Linda? Judy? Collateral damage?”
“They were dead already, Jet. Living corpses wasting away in a bed. Like hundreds across the city. I gave them a voice in their last moments. They would thank me.”
“I was in their heads, Franco. I saw the nightmares. They would spit in your face.”
The wind gusted again, turning up the hem of my shirt. Then the dimming street was ablaze with Spirit. It crackled and twisted off young Franco in enormous bullwhips that licked the sides of the building. He extended his palms and my world turned into a tunnel of rushing light. I braced, grimacing, and the Spirit was channelled down through my legs into the ground. The torrent subsided. 
“Round two,” he said, smoothing back his hair.
“Where is my mother?”
“You’re obsessed.”
His body tensed and eyes widened. Then black tendrils were plunging into my Place of Calm, shattering defences like glass. Leonard Delaney would have been disappointed. I realised my legs were being absorbed into the ground. And looking down saw angry red quicksand where the sidewalk should be. It sucked at me hungrily and closed over my knees.
‘Focus, focus, it’s not quicksand. Remove the liquid and mud becomes…’ 
The quicksand solidified and halted my descent. I snapped my head back up ready to return the favour, but Franco was no longer in front of me. His attack came from my right, catching me square on the cheek and sending my body rocking. Part of the energy was absorbed. The second blow I ducked and it whistled over my head, leaving him exposed. My counter was enthusiastic. Too much so, I realised, hearing twenty percent of the mammoth building’s windows burst, showering us with a million stinging fragments.
Franco took the hit squarely. He channelled a portion and it thumped into the ground. But I did not relent. More and more Spirit was poured in his direction in an endless stream. The street glowed and flickered like a Christmas tree. Eventually his concentration wavered, and with a grimace of horror the young fool fell back on his remaining alternative. Crossing his arms over his face and taking the impact.
“Fool me once…” I muttered to myself.
First his flashy suit jacket burst open, sending buttons shooting like bullets and whipping his tie into a windsock. This was followed by the fabric on his arms shredding and fluttering away. Only then did he stagger and hit the cement, pushed along for several meters like a leaf in a stiff breeze.
I halted the barrage. There was a pang of satisfaction that his greasy hair now resembled a mop. I glanced down, confirmed I was no longer in quicksand, and stepped forward.
“You’re not level 5,” I said, “You’re hardly level 4, Franco.”
He gaped up. A young boy, barely out of high school. His reeling mind yielded in seconds… 
From beneath his body four inch-thick steel rods erupted from the cement and impaled his shoulders and thighs. He was drawn into the air and suspended three feet off the ground. The scream pierced the night sky.
“Where is Liza Clarence,” I asked.
“Oh God!” he shrieked, “How did this happen?!”
“I’ll find her anyway, Franco. Tell me and I’ll stop hurting you.”
Gravity began pulling him back to Earth. Ever more of the glistening steel emerged through flesh.
“Oh God!” he wailed, sucking breath through gritted teeth, “it hurts, oh shit, it hurts!” 
“I can protect you, Franco. Tell me and I’ll protect you from them.”
His eyes closed and breath slowed. He attempted to focus. But his body again slipped, coaxing a shriek like nails on a blackboard. Only a matter of time before he cracked. But the headlights of a black van appeared, bathing the scene in a pasty light. The traditional red and blue lights followed a second later.


CHAPTER 22

“Alright, let’s review.” Gill said with a sigh. He flipped through papers, “Dozens of damaged windows. Aggressive Spirit released in a populated area. A man assaulted. In that neighbourhood, Clarence? Half the buildings there are occupied by damn celebrities and politicians. Would you like to tell me what happened?”
“I was following a lead, sir,” I replied, “Franco Starling attacked me during the course of my investigation. I defended myself.”
“What lead? What lead did you have in that neighbourhood? There is no authorisation of any kind that has you out there. Mister Starling says,” his eyes moved over the report, “You attacked him without provocation and attempted to extract information with a Body Horror spell. Body Horror? Just what the hell are doing?”
“Absolutely not, Commander Gill. I did not use a Body Horror Spell.”
His eyes probed me. At last he sighed. “This is a major citation, Clarence, after hardly a week of service. Senior Enforcer status just became a distant memory for you. Not the best start for a new Enforcer.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Now I don’t know what you’re doing, but you had better rein it in.” He sighed again, flipping over a page. His eyes moved over words. “But Franco Starling is choosing not to press charges of any kind. There is not going to be an investigation. God only knows why. You are seriously lucky.”
I felt my eyebrows knit together.
“Yes, it’s strange,” Gill confirmed, “that’s what we call ‘dodging a major bullet’ where I come from. He apparently concluded his interview saying ‘I’ll see Clarence for round three.’ Know what that’s about?”
“Couldn’t tell you, sir.”
He cleared his throat and put the report aside. For a moment his eyes struggled to maintain contact. Behind me, muffled, came the sounds of the D.O.M in operation.
“Did you learn anything?” he asked, “who is Starling?’
“Nothing conclusive at this time, sir,” I replied, “but I believe I’m closing in on… vital information.”
“Indeed, indeed.” A hand swept over his brow. His eyes remained locked on the desk. “Well, keep me informed.”
“Yes, sir.”
“A difficult time for you to become an Enforcer, Clarence. I just thank God we got you when we did. You’re dismissed. But once again consider yourself on active standby.”
I nodded and turned to leave, catching sight of Franco through the office windows. He glanced round and saw me, halting on his path to the D.O.M exit. Our eyes locked. Then he doubled into a bow. It was a gesture that said; ‘You’re welcome.’
A moment later he was out through the doors.

*****

I climbed from the D.O.M van and surveyed the immense field in which Jeremy Dempsey would be giving his second speech. It was alive with activity, swarming with black dots that erected barricades and taped off areas. On the far end I could barely make out a stage.
Two anomalies jumped out at me. The first was a dozen basic metal and wooden scaffolds erected at regular intervals around the field’s perimeter. The second was a network of wooden beams dotting the field, each standing eight foot and with upper tip painted bright red. The effect created was of an enormous Battleships board.
“In here,” a voice called.
I turned and saw Delaney waving from an unmarked tent. Its tarp covers flapping lazily in the morning breeze. A mobile D.O.M station. Inside Special Operation Enforcers were gathered around an equipment littered table. They looked at my arrival and nodded.
“Jet,” Delaney said, “Good to see you again.”
“And you, Leonard.” 
“We’re waiting for Commander Gill.”
“Alright.”
There was a beat. He looked around awkwardly. “Be seeing Elaine for dinner on Saturday evening.”
“That’s great,” I replied, smiling, “I hope it goes well.”
“So do I.” He returned the smile. “She says hello, by the way.”
“Tell her I say hello right back.”
“I’ll do that.”
Commander Gill entered in a flourish.
“Welcome, Enforcers. Are we all here? Excellent. The situation is simple enough so let’s just go over the details.” He handed out maps of the field. “When you spot the Spell call it in via the red beacon it is nearest to. That’s A to P up the front and one to sixteen up the sides. Are you all seeing this on your maps? Yes?”
I looked at my map and saw an aerial sketch of the Battleships design.
 “Communicate via radio and assist each other finding that Caster,” Gill continued, “Restrain him or her quickly, quietly and politely. Any conflict will set that Spell off and we’re all well aware of the consequences. Questions? Then get out their and familiarise yourself with the layout. One body per scaffold.”
For the next hour the handful of specialists communicated via radio. We circled the perimeter and discussed how best to divide up the field. I landed up in the scaffold at row E. My zone, including D to F and to the halfway point, vertical row eight, stretched out like a scrubby brown football field. Below the scaffolds, visible between my feet, the ‘crowd control’ Enforcers stretched out in an enormous ring. They circled the field from their positions behind a sturdy barricade. Benny and Clara Anderson would be among them.
I raised my gaze to look out beyond the gathering area. It was surrounded on all sides by undeveloped land, with a single dirt road snaking off back towards the city. My secret hope had been that the remote location would discourage a large crowd. And guessed it had likewise been the hopes of the D.O.M. But by 11:00 the little road was gridlocked. And by 12:00 the adjacent field was blotted out with parked vehicles, their windshields flashing silver flares in the peaking sun.
By 13:00 the gathering area was almost at full capacity. And by 13.30, the talk due to start in half an hour, the sea of bodies beneath me was dumbfounding. I gazed out and attempted to pick out an individual face, eyes exploring the pulsating mess. But the sheer number of people made it difficult to isolate a single person.
 “Hell of a crowd,” a voice came through radio, “we’re not going to find anything in this confusion. We need more Enforcers.”
“Just stay focused and do what you can,” Gill’s voice snapped, “Keep your bearings. Stay calm and keep in communication. Refer to your maps. No amateur mistakes.”
“Yes, Commander.”
“Then get ready. I’ve just received word Dempsey is en route.”
I saw a large black car pull up near the stage at the far end of the field. Via a road I had been completely unaware of. Three more vehicles followed close behind.
“I see him,” a voice confirmed.
 Shapes emerged from the cars and headed for the mounting steps. They appeared Tom Thumb size from my perspective. One crossed the stage and a hush fell.
“Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman,” Dempsey’s voice boomed.
“Show time,” Gill said from my radio, “Eye’s peeled, Enforcers. See what you can see.”
“I would like to first officially announce that I regret the outbreak of violence that occurred at my previous talk. I do understand that there is frustration and anger among magic users, and this is completely understandable. But please, I urge you all to stay calm and control your emotions. We are not here to fight, ladies and gentlemen. We are here to pioneer a new future.”
A roar of agreement rose up.
“And that’s why we’re here,” Dempsey went on, “To talk about our futures. All of our futures. And the futures of our children.” He raised a stack of papers high above his head. “And to talk about what I have here.”
My eyes drifted down to the crowd. People settled and prepared to listen; men, women, old, young; thousands and thousands of faces. Here was a middle aged man who had worn a red baseball cap to keep the sun off his bald spot. Here a young lady whose sunglasses although expensive, did a terrible job of staying level on her nose. And here was a smiling young father with a child sitting on his shoulders.
“Not detecting anything yet,” a voice came over my radio.
“Me neither,” a second replied.
“Nothing here,” a third voice; Delaney’s.
I focused on a person directly below near the barricade. There was no sign of the spell. I moved on, found another face and probed. Nothing.
“Nothing here,” I said into the radio.
“…and don’t we owe it to our children to provide the best life we can?” the politician was saying, “Don’t we owe them a better future?”
Another face a little further out into the crowd. Nothing. And another. Nothing.
 “I think a better future is worth striving for. And I don’t think I’m the only one. It’s time things changed. And we can be the pioneers of this change.” He flapped the booklet like a trophy. “What I have here is a draft for proposed laws concerning the magic using population. New laws, that aim to change not only the way society deals with magic users, but how it views them. No more halls packed from wall to wall with ignored citizens. Not another Judy Carlson!”
The crowd roared again.
Here we had a man in his fifties. His greyed hair and eyebrows erratic. But no spell. Here was a couple, mid thirties. Attractive and dressed in designer clothing. Nothing.
“Still nothing,” stated a voice.
“Nothing here,” followed a second.
My eyes darted. Another face; nothing. Another; nothing.
“Got something!” someone exclaimed. I raised the radio. “Benson. I got a bite, C-5.”
“Confirm,” Gill said.
There was a pause.
“Yes, sir. Confirmed. Young man, early twenties. Girl next to him has it as well. Its complex, been passed… at least a dozen times, sir. Probably more.”
“Move to assist, Enforcers,” Gill said, “Focus in.”
I made to climb down my scaffold but another voice spoke.
“Got another positive here, sir! Laurens. Right near the stage, P-2. Been passed more then a dozen times.”
“Confirm that,” Gill snapped.
“Confirmed.”
“There is more then one point of origin. Split up. Those nearest the rear and front. Enforcers at the back switch your radios to channel two. Quickly now! If those spells cross over into each other’s areas this will be a logistical nightmare!”
I descended the ladder and sprinted for Benson. A wall of Enforces, barricade, and forest of bodies blurred passed at my flank. I skirted two scaffolds and mounting the next. One beyond the confirmed contact row.
“Anything?” I asked the Specialist already present.
“Nothing yet.”
 I scanned a person directly below. Nothing. My eyes moved further out into the crowd. Nothing. I turned my head and picked a person halfway between me and Benson. And there it was.
‘A better future for me, a better future for my children.’
I dove in, trying to bar out the deafening ambient noise. And reached for the underlying notes. At first they remained illusive and I fought an urge to yell out for everyone to ‘shut the hell up’. But there they were. A cluster of singing frequencies, one, two, three… one discordant, two the same…four, five six…
“I have it here,” I said into my radio. My eyes flicked to the nearest wooden post. “B-3. It’s been passed about nine or ten times.”
“Then your Caster is in rows A or B,” Gill said, ‘Enforcers you are focusing on rows A and B!”
I descended the scaffold and sprinted to row A, the other man following close behind. As the sea of bodies whipped past the Spell was becoming noticeable as a larger entity. 
‘A better future for me, a better future for my children…’
“I have it here,” a voice said, “A-3. And 2. It’s pretty much everywhere. I have it at about six passes near 5.”
“Here too,” someone added, “About five passes near A-5. We’re getting close.”
I arrived at the scaffold. A Specialist was mounting the ladder.
“Stay down, Clarence,” he yelled, “When we find the Caster you’ll have to go in and restrain him!”
“Okay!”
“Move up, Clarence,” Gill said, “who else is down there? Who’s helping Clarence?”
“I’m on it,” a voice replied.
I jogged past the scaffold and around the back of the barricade. The distant figure of Delaney came running up from the opposite direction. He saw me and gave an acknowledging wave.
‘A better life for me, a better life for my children…’
The spell grew. It rose into the ambience and gathered like a cloud.
“…all we ask is to spare our children the oppression we have experienced,” Dempsey was saying, “we may have struggled, but they deserve better. And this law draft can offer them the life of equality we only dreamed of.”
A roar of agreement thundered like a million stampeding horse hooves.
“About three at A-6. It’s right near here, its right near here…’
“Stay on it, stay on it,” Gill’s voice urged, “They’re closing in on the other side. We’ve got this.”
I moved up the columns, having to periodically stop and jump on the spot to see the posts. Enforcers between me and the barricade turned to look, their faces anxious.
“What’s going on?” one asked, “is it under control?”
“Just stay focused,” I replied. 
Delaney spun and gestured for me to approach.
“Here!” he yelled, “A-6!”
I sprinted towards him.
“Woman in the blue top,” the radio said, “I got about three on her!”
“Three on the blonde man beside her. You guys ready down there?”
“Yes!” Delaney responded. I arrived, panting, beside him. He turned to me. “Clarence, we have to do this as quietly as possible. As quietly as possible. Don’t cause a stir. We calmly make our way through the crowd, approach the person, and I will disable them.”
I nodded. 
“I have two on the woman, pink top, sunglasses…”
“Two on the guy she’s with! Chequered shirt. It’s someone right here.”
“Two on the fat guy. And two on the guy next to him. Commander Gill, it’s someone right here just a few meters from the post. But I can’t find the source.”
“Keep looking, keep looking!”
The spell was washing over me in pulsating waves. Emanating from nearby in the crowd. Whoever it was had to be just beyond the first rows of people.
“You feel it?” Delaney asked me.
I nodded, “Yes,” and raised the radio to my mouth. “We can feel it here, Commander Gill. It’s getting stronger.”
“Wait for confirmation,’ Gill replied
‘A better life for me, a better life for my children…’
“…a better life for us,” Dempsey was saying, “And for our children…”
The air was electric. I craned my head back and looked up into the cloud flecked sky, knowing that above the Spirit was waiting. Swelled like an enormous bloated tick.
 “Holy shit! Gun! Gun! Clarence, Delaney! It’s a kid! He’s…”
From directly ahead came the CRACK of a gunshot. I jumped, heart lurching. Beside me Delaney crouched. The bodies in front of us pulsed as thousands of men, women and children shared the same fright. A deafening roar of indignance followed.
“Who is it!?”  I yelled into my radio, “Who is it!?”
“It’s a kid! Repeat, a child! Just a few meters directly in front of you! Blue shirt! Take five steps past the barricade! Quickly, quickly!”
Already people were turning towards us and fighting to get over the barricade. Panic, fear and outrage blazed in a dozen nameless faces. The ring of Crowd Control Enforcers squared their shoulders.
I turned to Delaney. We shared a nod and together pushed out calm laced Spirit. The Enforcers in front of us did the same. There was a visible reaction as expressions turned from rage to bewilderment.
“Let’s do it,” Delaney barked.
We pushed past the Enforcers and leapt over the barricade, ploughing into the crowd. But immediately I was jostled and manhandled as I attempting to squeeze through gaps. Desperate bodies fought for space.
“Right there, right there!” a voice screamed from my radio, “You’re right on him, Delaney! Grab him!”
I looked to my right but could not see Delaney.
“That’s him, that’s him! Delaney has him, Commander!”
“Get him out!” Gill roared, “Assist him, Clarence!”
And I would have had I been able to. But it was then I lost my footing and was dragged to the ground. My world was replaced by a sea of legs. A hundred angry boots, shoes and high-heels assaulted me. Claustrophobia and suffocation swept in. Feet stomped on me, kicked me, one stood briefly on my head crushing the still raw stitches and drawing blood.
“Delaney! Clarence went down!” I heard the radio squawk.
I attempted to stand and was sent back to the ground in a mess of limbs.
‘You’re going to die here,’ my mind whispered.
 Panic erupted. I realised my Spirit was being called into life. As a last resort my knees drew up and I curled into a ball, covering my head with both arms. Attempts to control my breathing were futile. 
“Oh shit, oh shit…”
More shoes and feet pounded down. The toe of a construction boot bounced off the back of my head. Someone else trod on my ankle and I cried out. My Spirit heard the call and prepared to fight back.  Rational thought was slipping. I again tried to struggle back to my feet. This time a hand gripped me under an arm.
“Stand clear, stand clear!” I heard a voice roaring, “Careful, here! Stand clear!”
Beside me was Delaney. Around us the crowd eased away as he pushed out his Spirit.
“Come on, Clarence!” he yelled into my ear, “Keep calm! This way!”
We managed to half walk, half stagger until emerging into the clear. Two hands helped us back over the barricade.
“Stand clear! Coming through!”
To the left and right the Crowd Control Enforcers were trying to keep back the civilians. The masses were bombarded with calming Spirit. But the situation was spiralling out of control. A gap opened nearby allowing a handful of civilians to strike out clumsily at the Enforcers. From somewhere else a dull SNAP rolled out across the empty landscape.
I gasped in breath, heart hammering. Spirit still sizzled around my body.
“You okay?” Delaney asked.
I nodded. “Did you get the child?”
“Yes.” He jerked a thumb towards the tent. “Let’s help with the crowd!”
We joined the overwhelmed Enforcers and added our support. My waves of Spirit cascaded out beyond the barricade and the nearest crowd was brought gradually under control. 
But another two SNAPS sounded nearby followed by a rapid series of POPS. I looked to my right and saw a few civilians vaulting the barricade. They rushed an Enforcer. But the young woman floored them with a burst of Spirit. To my left a similar situation occurred. Civilians advanced aggressively over the barricade. The Enforcers attempted to push them back but were swarmed.
“This side!” I yelled at Delaney.
We moved to assist, standing shoulder to shoulder and poured calming Spirit over the detached group.
“Get back!” Delaney bellowed, “You civilians there; get back!”
The detachment calmed and drifted back over the barricade.
“Good work,’ Delaney said to me”
“Thank you.” 
We turned to look back up the row. Gradually the crowd calmed.
“Let’s go see about this child.”


CHAPTER 23

The child was young Ken Bosworth. Previously he had mourned a dog named Buddy. Now his name was Perry Chesterfield. And besides having a Spirit level that came dangerously close to equalling that of a Class 3 Enforcer, he appeared to be normal in all other respects. In the operations tent sitting amiably in a chair and surrounded by many twitchy Specialists, you were dared to believe him instrumental in delivering widespread chaos. In fact he looked a touch bored.
I stood outside the tent with Gill. The two of us watched as the crowd dispersed to their vehicles. The second Caster was now long lost in the crowd.
“At Little Dreamers?” Gill confirmed.
“Yes, sir. At that time he was Ken.”
“You’re certain it’s the same child?”
“Certain.”
“Twisted bastards,” he muttered, heading back into the tent, “Using children.”
I followed him. Young Ken Bosworth, Perry Chesterfield, looked up at our entrance.
“Now Perry, listen to me,” Gill said, “What were you doing with a gun?”
“Just playing around,” the boy replied, disinterested, “Hey, what’s this?” 
He took a communication radio from the table. In response every man in the room tensed. As if somehow the child could transform simple electronics into high explosives.
“It’s a radio,” Gill replied, “Don’t touch.” He extracted it from the boy’s hands. “I want you to think very hard, young man. The spell you just performed. Where did you learn it?”
“What spell?”
“You just performed a very dangerous spell. Where did you learn it?”
“I don’t know any magic. How does it work?” He was looking at the radio again.
I watched the scene unfold, fascinated. A thought gently slithered into my mind. What more information was there in the boy’s little brown head? Since the last time I had gone creeping around?
“Where do you live?” Gill was asking. Frustration rose in his voice. “Where are your mother and father?”
“I don’t have a father. I live with my mother.”
“And what’s her name?”
“Barbara Starling.”
My heart lurched. Mother of Franco Starling.
“And where…”
“This is hopeless,” Delaney offered from near the back of the tent, “The boy is a mess. We’re wasting time.”
Gill glanced up. “Yes. Prepare him. Let’s take a look around inside.”
“Prepare me for what?” the boy asked.
Glances were exchanged and a Specialist stepped forward. “I can do it, Commander Gill.”
“Go ahead.”
Seconds later a new figure stepped through the tent flap; a Senior Enforcer. Her face was anxious.
“Commander Gill?”
“Is it important?”
“Yes, sir. We have reports coming in. Unrest is breaking out. There has been a call for all available units.”
His eyes widened. “Where?”
She swallowed. “Everywhere, sir. It’s being called an uprising”
“Jesus Christ,” he growled, “Half the God damned D.O.M is out here.” He pulled a radio from his belt and twisted a knob. “Enforcers, this is Gill. Every man and woman back to your respective D.O.M. I repeat; get back to your D.O.M. There has been a call for all available units.” He turned to me and the other Specialists. “Someone is going to have to get this boy to safety. Highest priority. Whatever he knows we need to know. ASAP.”
I felt my hand rise into the air. “I’ll take him, sir.”
“Alright, Clarence. Don’t let the boy out of your sight. Take someone competent with you. Your mentor, what was his name?”
“Kingston.”
“Is he here?”
“Not sure, sir.”
He spoke into the radio. “Kingston, come back.”
“Kingston here.”
“Get up to the tent.” He pocketed the radio and looked around. “The rest of you. You’re under no obligation to help with this situation. I realise you’re all here to help with the operation and no more. But I request now; we need every pair of hands. Will you help us?’
The Specialists nodded.
“Thank you. Then I request you all to return to the D.O.M and await deployment.”
The Specialists exited into the noise that still churned outside. Gill turned now to Perry.
“You’re going with Jet, Perry. Understand?”
The boy shrugged. “Okay. Can I use the radio?”
I absently took the radio from my belt, turned it off and handed it to him. His eyes glowed.
“Keep me updated, Clarence,” Gill said to me, “Report in every ten minutes. That boy is essential. After you’ve delivered him we’ll need you out there.”
“I understand, Sir.”
“Good. Get going.”
Gill exited and moments later Benny entered. His uniform hung open and eyes were ringed.
“Looks like you had some trouble out there,” I said.
“Few frisky civilians,” he muttered. “What's happening?”
“We’re taking this kid to the D.O.M.”
“Who is he? Little Dreamers?”
“Yes. He’s our caster.”
“Uh huh.” He sighed and looked at Perry. The boy was still playing with the radio. “You our Caster, young man?”
“No, not me. I’m allowed to play with the radio. That guy said I could.”
“Don’t break it. It’s expensive.” Benny turned back to me. “I heard it’s going postal in the city.”
“It is.”
He sighed. His face sank. “Then let’s get moving.”

*****

Minutes later we pulled out of the parking area and merged into the steady stream of civilian vehicles. It was late afternoon. A number of other Enforcers were likewise trapped in the gridlock.
“Half the Enforcers out here, trapped in this mess,” I muttered.
“Yes. I don’t think it was accidental either,” Benny replied from the backseat. Perry was beside him.
The city drew nearer. Eventually, surrounding vehicles began to melt up various side roads. Soon we travelled alone into the city outskirts. All at once the streets were too quiet. Unnaturally so.
“Where is everyone?” Perry asked. His face pressed against the window.
“Hiding,” Benny responded. “There’s a storm coming.”
A convoy of Enforcer vans tore up the road past us. Lights flashed.
“Wow, look at that,” Perry cooed, “I think I’d like to be an Enforcer when I’m old enough.’ He looked at Benny. “Do you think I could?”
“Hush now,” Benny responded evenly.
We continued on. Thoughts were rolling around in my head. They swung back and forth, weighing up odds and judging potential outcomes. In my stomach the flame was rising.
‘You’re so close,’ it said, ‘The pot of gold is not far away now. Just over the next hill. Just a few short steps away. Just one more time. Get it done. And put me to rest forever. After that you’ll be done with me. I’ll leave you, be gone from your life forever. We can part ways and you will rest easy. No more nightmares. No more sweats. Just this one last time.’
“In for a penny, in for a pound,” I said to myself.
“What?” Benny asked.
“I want to see in the boy’s head.”
For a moment the car was silent, bar the metallic humming of the engine. Another convoy of Enforcer vans flew by.
“Stop the car,” Benny replied.
“What?’
“I said; stop the car.”
“Why?”
“Now!” His voice turned into a lion’s roar. The boy jumped.
I pulled the car over. Around us the streets were dead. A nearby petrol station and small café had been closed for the storm. Benny climbed from the car, circled round and opened the other door.
“Move,” he said to the boy.
“Benny, what are you doing?” I snapped, jumping out.
“I’m taking the boy.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
He pulled Perry from the car and slammed the door. “I’m taking the boy. I’ll get him to the D.O.M.”
They started off up the street. I jogged to keep pace.
“Benny. You’re acting crazy.”
He turned on me. His eyes blazed. “I’m acting crazy?! What the hell happened to you, Jet?! This boy is essential! The entire city could rest on what he knows!”
“This is it, Benny. This is the last step. I know he’s seen my mother. He lived with her, he said so. He will be able to tell me where I can find her. I have to do this, Benny. Please!”
“No, Jet! You don’t have to do this! You didn’t have to do any of the shit you’ve been doing! All you had to do was wait! All you had to do was let the D.O.M find them!’
 He kept walking.
“What’s going on?” Perry asked. He looked at us in confusion. “Why are you shouting at each other?”
Frustration began bubbling. My stomach was alive with fire. I jogged again. In my mind Fran Clarence was again speeding off in her black car, smashing through a fence and disappearing.
“Benny, for God’s sake will you just stop.” He ignored me. “Benny. Benny!”
I jumped into his path and he halted. His jaw clenched. I was aware of sounds in the distance now, drifting over from between buildings. Echoing booms, sirens, shouting. Chaos.
“I need to do this,” I said firmly, “Please. I need to. This is the last step…”
“Step aside, Jet. You are in my way.”
“What does he want to do?” the boy asked.
“Just give me the boy,” I pleaded.
A figure was beside me. Its tuxedo shone in the brilliant early afternoon sun.
“I won’t put him at risk, Benny,” the figure added.
“You know I won’t,” I continued, “I swear it. He will not be compromised.” 
“It will take a few seconds and then we can deliver him together,” the demon concluded.
It was only then I looked to my side and realised the creature was present.
“What is it?” Perry whispered.
Benny’s first blast was lightening quick, testimony to his years of experience. It hit me square and I staggered.
“You are not fit to wear that uniform,” he growled. 
And I noticed a second figure was taking form just beyond his left shoulder. It slowly solidified from the background. Brent had arrived, an unwelcome guest to an already tense dinner party. Its eyes fixed on me and the tongue, a thick black caterpillar, curled briefly on its chin. In the distance the symphony of violence was drawing nearer.
I swallowed. “Benny. Your demon has been summoned.”
The boy looked at the new creature and gaped.
“We both need to just calm down,” I said, “Lets just deliver the boy…”
Benny’s lips sneered. He dashed forward, lashing out, and I sidestepped. The punch shot passed my face. I countered with a quick blast to his flank and he went sprawling.
“Get back to the car, Perry!” I said, turning back to the boy.
But it was not his face looming at me. An inch from my nose was Brent’s nightmare mask. He stared with dead eyes.
“Partner…Jet… why did you let me die…?”
I tried to recoil. But hands were already grasping my blazer.
“Get away from me!” I heard myself bawl.
But my shout was drowned out by the one coming from my left. One that rang with bottomless rage. My head spun, glimpsing Benny soaring forward with both feet off the ground. The blow smashed my face like a wrecking ball. An Earth shattering BOOM rocked my world and fluttered my clothing. And all at once the sky was spinning above me. When at last I descended with a jarring impact, tasting blood, I could’ve sworn I’d been airborne for a week. A rough surface sandpapered my cheek.
‘This,’ my brain said dreamily, eyes blinking at the sun, ‘is why one absorbs incoming Spirit.’
I heard rapid footsteps approaching and attempted to stand.
“Oh shit, Benny! Stop!” I yelled out.
He was looming over me. Gnarled hands reached down and grabbed my collar. I was pulled to my feet. Over his shoulder I caught a glimpse of Perry running for the petrol station. The Brent-demon watched him.
The next punch lifted me off my feet, ploughing into my stomach and arching my back. My lungs exploded.
“You killed my brother!” he roared into my face, “you killed my brother, you son of a bitch!”
Another blast of Spirit was released, partially absorbed. And I was sailing through the air a second time. A street lamp rushed past. Fireworks exploded in my head. And I was on my back. A BOOM rolled off across the cityscape.
‘Holy shit he’s trying to kill me…’ my brain babbled.
I clawed back onto my feet, lungs bursting and vision blurred. A string of blood dangled from my chin. Twenty meters away Benny was marching again. The Brent-demon kept pace beside him. It mimicked his actions.
“I didn’t kill your brother!” I screamed, “I didn’t kill him! And neither did you! He killed himself, Benny! You said it! You said that!”
“You let him die, Jet!” he snarled, “You let him die!”
I drew up my Spirit and released a bolt. My ribs ached as the energy flowed through my chest. He batted it aside, sending it singing off into his car where it exploded and crushed a side panel. His march continued. I fired again, attempting to pour in more Spirit. But my flailing mind refused to cooperate. He deflected it and was on me, hands grasping for my throat.
“Oh Christ, Benny,” I groaned, “what are we doing?!”
 I grabbed his wrists and we struggled. Stumbling up the road like the worst choreographed waltz in history. Crackling blue sparks swirled and danced, bursting in the air and snapping. Snarling teeth and bulging neck tendons floated before my eyes. His hands locked around my throat and squeezed. My Spirit screamed.
‘I’m going to kill him,’ my mind hissed, ‘I’m going to kill him before he kills me.’
I drew up the Spirit. Gurgles escaped my lips. Eyes on the brink of bursting. And a second from releasing it… 
A familiar sound was drifting from nearby. A maniacal turkey-jabbering. The Brent-demon. And all at once I knew what I had to do. I pushed back and locked my gaze on his face, staring into the two scorching holes where eyes had been. And dove in. He resisted but it was a feeble effort.
A seven year old Benny was seated at a bus stop. His eyes looked longingly across the street. Above him a gentle morning breeze tousled the leaves of an old oak. A little girl was there. But for some reason she had chosen the bench on the other side of the road.
Little Benny watched her contemplatively. And finally stood and crossed the road. I watched.
“Your parents make you take the bus too, huh?” he said.
Bethany Clarkson stared straight ahead.
“My dad says I’m too young to take the bus,” he went on, “but my mom says I have to learn.”
Bethany stood and crossed the road to the other bench. He watched her for a long time, then wiped a tear from his cheek. As if its existence irritated him.
I leaned forward and spoke into his ear. “She’s not good enough for you. There are better girls.”
The boy looked up and blinked. I pushed forward. I was now in the living room of our apartment. Julia Kingston was huddled on the couch, her hands clutching at a mess of blonde hair. Benny, crouched beside her, was younger than present by only a few years.
“There is a creature…” Julia babbled through tears, “There is a creature living in our house, Benny!”
“What creature?’ he asked. His face contorted with concern. “What are you talking about, baby?”
“Why are you ignoring it?!” she shrieked, “It’s banging the cupboard doors! Crawling around in the damn ceiling, for God’s sake! How can you not see it!?”
His eyebrows knitted together. “Julia, honey, I don’t know what you’re talking about…”
“Oh for God’s sake!” she pulled at her hair. “What is wrong with you?! What is wrong with you, Benny?!”
I pushed on. A little more, a little more…
“Thing is,” Pout cut in, drawing back our attention, “That large sums of money generally have a way of having to be from somewhere in particular. Money never comes from nowhere, especially an amount the sum of ten thousand. I had the most interesting phone call earlier today. Can you guess who it was from?”
Valhalla Hotel. Just a few months ago. Exactly as I remembered it; light on decoration and heavy on sleaze. Benny and I were facing Pout with barely contained terror on our faces.
I, my double, exchanged glances with Benny.
“It was from Morris Chapman,” Pout continued, “A good friend of mine and part investor in my company. And it seems he was robbed by two rather brazen men earlier. Two men, who entered into his poker game, magically conned his guests and murdered young Conrad Higgins.”
There was a silence. Then Sunglasses pushed Brent forward until his thighs collided with the table, causing his body to double over and torso to slam down.
“Now just wait, wait one second,” Benny said desperately.
I focused on my double, urging him into action. In response he leapt up and grabbed Sunglasses by the wrists. The gun went off. But the bullet was wide and struck the table beside Brent’s head. He yelped and covered his head.
“The other men. Stop them!” I said into Benny’s ear.
He sprang into action and released double bolts, flicking his hand out in quick succession. The two henchmen were flung backwards.
“Oh, Jesus!” Pout shrieked. He ducked under the table.
My double continued his struggle. He grunted in effort as he attempted to disarm Sunglasses. Benny came to the aid; a third bolt flew into the side of Sunglasses head. The man went spinning into a cartwheel, leaving the item for which he was named hovering, before it succumbed to gravity.
“Nice work,” Benny said. He grinned at my doppelganger.  
I watched the scene for a moment, wishing I could leave it there. But knew I couldn’t. Brent peeked out from under his arms.
“You came for me, brother,” he slurred. His broken mouth twisted into a smile.
“Course I did,” Benny replied, “Brothers don’t leave brothers in the shit.”
They embraced roughly. I thought it might be the only one they ever shared. It was time. Pout emerged from behind the table with gun in hand.
“Shit, look out!” I urged my double to yell, lips mouthing the words.
My double and Benny fired off bolts simultaneously. But Pout squeezed off a shot as he was flung to the ground. Smoke rose to the ceiling and the room reverberated. Only then did Benny realise where the bullet had landed. Brent stumbled to the floor.
“Oh shit, oh God,” Benny groaned. He knelt beside his fallen brother. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be…” I mouthed, Brent said, “You came for me. Did everything you could…”
Benny covered his eyes. 
I withdrew. Valhalla Hotel was drawn away and faded. The distant sounds of POPS and wailing sirens faded in. Benny was looking at me groggily. His hands relaxed on my throat. I eased out of his grasp and stepped back. Watching, waiting. The dice had been cast. Nearby the Brent-demon still watched. But it seemed different; not as clear as before. Somehow uncertain.
“You’re going to wait here,” I said to Benny, massaging my neck, “You’re going to wait here one hour. Then you’re going to go to that petrol station and use the phone. If there is not one there, find one. Get taken to wherever Enforcers are and help them. Understand me?”
He nodded. “Yes.”
“When Commander Gill asks you, tell him we delivered the boy to the Department of Magic. We delivered him with no trouble whatsoever. And we did it together. Okay? Because that’s what we did.”
“Yes.”
“Good. Now walk a hundred steps in that direction. Lie down on the sidewalk and wait.”
He walked off up the road, counting out loud.
“One, two, three, four…”
The demon followed behind him.
Click, click, click, click, click…
I watched. Part of me died and would never live again. “I’m sorry, Benny.” My eyes turned to the petrol station. “Ken? Perry? Where are you, boy?” There was no response. I hobbled forward, bandaged hand throbbing, stitches bleeding, chest heaving. “Come out now, its safe. You hear me? Come out.” I stopped outside the petrol station. My eyes scanned its lifeless interior. “I won’t hurt you, Perry. I promise. I just need your help.”
There was a shuffling and the child emerged from a petrol pump.
“What did you do to him?” the boy asked, “The other Enforcer?”
“I changed him. For the better. Now come over here. I need to get you to safety.”
He hesitated, hands fidgeting. “You want to do something in my head.”
I hesitated. “Yes.”
“Oh. Will it hurt?”
“No. I promise.”
“You’ll do to me what you did to him? Like that?”
“You won’t even know it happened.”
“Oh.” His eyes dropped to the floor. “Why?”
“I need to find the woman who did this to me. And make her pay.” I raised my wrists for him to see.
“Oh.” For a long moment he stared at nothing. “Does she visit you at night? The woman?”
Words caught in my throat. Another echoing boom rolled out across the cityscape.
“Sometimes,” I replied.
“I used to have a dog,” he said, “Buddy. But I left the gate open and he died. Sometimes, when I’m trying to sleep, I hear him outside my window. He wants to get inside.”
The boy crossed over to me and I crouched down, peering into his eyes.
“You can control him,” I said, “you are stronger then Buddy. Bigger, braver. And he must listen to you. Do you understand? Control him and he cannot harm you. That’s how it works.”
He nodded. One hand absently wiped away a tear. “I’ll try. Do you control the woman who cut your wrists?”
“I’m trying, Perry. That’s why I need to look in your head. So I can find her.”
“Alright. You can look.”
“Thank you. Now just stay still. It will only take a moment.”


CHAPTER 24

The sun was sinking as I entered deeper into the city and the sounds of chaos grew. They pushed in from all sides and suffocated Benny’s vehicle. The only reason this ambient sound was fortunate was it half drowned out the now persistent scraping from beneath the car. My redirected bolt had done severe damage.
Only glimpses of life were stolen as we pushed on; a lone figure locking shop doors and rushing down the street. A face peering from between curtains. But even this did little to dispel a choking sensation of isolation.
After a few minutes of travel I came upon a clump of abandoned vehicles. Their windows were shattered and bumpers entwined. The only remaining route forward, other then doubling back and circling round, was mounting the curb and squeezing between wreckage and café storefront. I twisted the steering wheel to the far left and eased forward, feeling the car lurch as the front wheels mounted the curb. The rear wheels followed. Then the stationary vehicles were creeping past my flank. I pulled straight, sighing in relief as the tight fit was managed. It was as I returned to the road that the scraping under the car became suddenly deafening, screeching mournfully as metal began shredding metal. The left front wheel first locked. Then came a BOOM as the tire exploded.
“Oh damn it,” I hissed to myself.
My fingers clawed back through my hair. I reached for the radio.
“Clarence here.”
Static hissed back at me.
“Clarence here, over.”
Nothing. I leaned into the back seat to ensure Perry was still asleep. Then climbed from the vehicle and was engulfed in a thunderous cacophony of violence. BOOMS sounded, sirens warbled, and a constant undertone of shouting added to the flavour. It had to have been on the same block.
“Up you get, Perry.”
He blinked. “Are we there?”
“No. Not yet. Come with me.”
We jogged over to a fast food establishment and tried the doors. They were locked. But a single blast sent them spinning off their hinges. Inside I found a phone and called my D.O.M.
“Clarence, Jet, Junior Enforcer,” I said into the receiver.
“We read you, Clarence.”
“I’m transporting a vital witness…”
“Putting you through to Chief Commander Gill, Clarence.”
The line went dead. A background noise of distant chaos emerged. “Clarence?”
“Yes, Commander Gill.”
“What’s your status?”
“I still have the boy. But the vehicle has been damaged, sir. It’s not going anywhere”
“The boy? Is he safe?”
“Yes, sir. He’s with me now.”
“And Kingston?”
“Fine, sir.”
“What is your location? Are you secure?”
“I’m in a fast food restaurant. It’s not secure, sir. I can hear the uprising. I’m on Third and…uh…”
“Listen, Clarence. Is there somewhere nearby you can go and wait for pickup?”
I thought for a moment, bringing up a map of the city in my head. “My home address is not far, sir. Its a few kilometres.”
“Can you get there?”
I sucked in a weary breath. My reflection was spotted in a window across the restaurant. The stitches were caked with blood and one eye swollen up to a plumb. My uniform hung open. The bandaged hand was speckled with interior bleeding. At least, I thought absently, my painkillers were in the apartment.
“I think so, sir.”
“Then go. I’ll have a unit come for you in… an hour. Can you make it?”
“I’ll try, sir.”
“Keep the boy safe, Clarence. At all costs. Understand me? And be careful. It’s going to be hell out there.”
I hung up the phone. The apartment was a few minutes by car. So I guessed a healthy walk. Turn right up ahead, straight along Main Road, right into Seventh…
We exited the restaurant and headed off. Around us the city wailed. It was only upon crossing the first intersection, a glance to the left revealed my first contact with the uprising, two hundred meters away. There were the flashes and accompanying pops of aggressive Spirit. Nestled between two office blocks a line of Enforcers and military stood firm against advancing civilians. From a brief look it seemed the situation was under control. But still my stomach tightened.
I picked up the pace. Perry trotted along beside me. We crossed over a bridge deeper into the city. From here it would be a kilometre straight ahead, between tight rows of grocery and clothing stores. Then a sharp turn into Main. We pushed forward and signs of recent violence became evident. Shop windows had been smashed. A few damaged vehicles stood abandoned. The road was strewn with debris, some of it smouldering. All was still.
To our right a shop door burst open and three men came barrelling out, arms loaded with clothing. Their eyes widened.
“Shit! Enforcer!” one yelled hysterically.
They gawked and bolted, disappearing into the city.
“Who are they?” Perry asked.
“It doesn’t matter. Let’s keep moving.”
My confidence in success was growing as we reached the turnoff into Main. But it was only then, as the central city street came into view, that the true magnitude of the uprising was revealed.
“Oh my God…” I muttered to myself.
Winding off into the heart of the city was a scene of ongoing destruction. Smoke-billowing vehicles littered the roads like corpses, sitting alongside stores that had been gutted, or were in the process of being gutted. Civilians swarmed about with stolen goods clutched in hands.
‘I will not be treated like this,’ a persistent voice whispered, ‘A better life or me, a better life for my children.’
“What will we do?” the boy asked.
“I’m not sure.”
I looked up the road attempting to count the people. But their constant motion denied a decent estimate. Fifty? Sixty? A hundred…?
“I have an idea, Perry. But I’ll need your help.”
He looked up at me. “Okay. How?”
“You have to be calm. No matter what happens. No matter what you see. You have to keep only calm thoughts in your head. Can you do that?”
“Yes.”
“And when the calm thoughts fill you up project them out onto the world. Drown everything and everyone until all that remains is us and the calm. Do you understand?”
“I’ll try.”
“Good boy, Perry.”
I removed my blazer and tossed it to the ground. “Take my hand.”
He took it. “Are we going to be safe?”
“Yes. I promise.”
We began to walk forward. Beside me I felt the boy’s Spirit wash out. Creating a dome of calm around our bodies. Textbook Ambience Tweaking, without the boy ever having set foot in the Academy. I drew up my own Spirit, found my Calm, and boosted the boy’s Spell. The dome swelled.
“Keep moving,” I said.
We slipped between car husks, advancing. The acrid smell of burning rubber assaulted my nostrils. The first civilian spotted us. Behind his eyes the Crowd Surfing spell blazed like an inferno.
“Enforcer!” he yelled.
His voice got the attention of others nearby. A group of six gathered and moved towards us.
‘Frustration, anger, rage. I will not be treated this way. A better life for me, a better life for my children.’
“Stay calm,” I told Perry, “They won’t get near us.”
As the group advanced to within twenty meters they crossed into the dome and froze. Expressions of rage melted. 
“Step aside,” I called out, “I have a child with me. You won’t hurt him.”
They parted, allowing us to pass. All appeared embarrassed at their intentions. We advanced. More civilian spotted us and turned in our direction. Some changed course in mid-run. A middle-aged man dropped a television and grabbed up a brick. They entered the bubble and, one by one, halted in their footsteps. Their heads turned in unison to watch us pass.
“I am not your enemy,” I called out, “I’m just a man. This child needs to be taken to safety.”
By the time we reached midway to the turnoff the approaching groups consisted of half a dozen people or more. They streaked towards us from all directions before falling under the Spell and stopping. One man gaped like he had never seen a child before. At three quarters of the way I looked over my shoulder and saw a trail of dozens of civilians stretching out behind us. Their expressions were sombre and bodies relaxed. Smouldering vehicles dotted the street around them. In the distance sounds of chaos still populated the air.
We arrived at Seventh and turned.
“Nearly there,” I said to Perry.
“Must I keep thinking happy thoughts?”
I glanced at him. “Yes, keep thinking happy thoughts. You need them.”
Ten minutes later we arrived at the apartment. The moon was rising. My street seemed to have been spared destruction. And although ghostly quiet, everything was untouched. We entered and climbed the stairs with fifteen minutes remaining until pickup. I breathed an enormous sigh of relief, body aching with a constant song of fatigue and pain. At some point my stitches had again begun to bleed.
“You live here?” Perry asked as we arrived on the fifth floor.
“Yes.”
“I like it. It’s old.”
“Thank you.”
I pushed open the front door and we stepped inside.
“Perry,” I said, glancing around.
“Yes?”
“Do you enjoy television?”
“No.”
“Good. Why don’t you go watch some now? We’ll be leaving soon.”
“Okay.”
He crossed over to the couch and sat. The TV illuminated, showing an aerial view of chaos outside.
My first action was to reach into the kitchen and snap on the kettle. Then I headed directly for my room, mind overflowing with images of enticing painkillers. My head throbbed, hand ached persistently, and ribs had begun to grate at some point on the walk. The pills would impede my ability, I knew. But ‘you can’t be sharp as a razor all the time’, a nurse had told me not long ago. They would also keep my demon at bay like coffee could not. But the pill bottle was not where I had left it. I stopped in my tracks, staring at the empty space on my desk.
“Oh no,” I groaned, “Where are they?”
A glance over my shoulder revealed the demon. The pill bottle was clutched in its hand.
“Give them to me,” I told it.
It responded with a defiant stare.
“I said…”
The air was cold. Light from my desk lamp began to recede and dissolve into the shadows.
“…give them to me.”
I lunged and the creature stepped aside.
“Give them to me!”
I lunged again. Again it dodged. Rage exploded in my head.
“Give them to me! Give them to me, you son of a bitch!”
My hand locked around its wrist, the other clutched frantically for the pills. But it was in vain. Even before the creature flung me aside I had felt like I was wrestling my shadow.
I drew up my Spirit. The shadows sank deeper.
“Give them to me!” I hissed.
“Give them to me!” the demon repeated.
“Hello, Mister Clarence.”
The voice came from beyond my bedroom. My head snapped round and I spotted a shape in the living room. A light sprang on. Selena sat in a dining room chair. Beside her, the Gloria-demon smiled at me wistfully.

*****

My warning buzz went ballistic. I froze.
“Who is this child?” she asked. 
Her eyes darted to Perry still hovering by the television. For seconds I said nothing. She sat in silence.
“I’m Perry Chesterfield,” the boy said.
“Hello, Perry,” she replied, “Why are you with this man?”
“I’m being escorted to the Department of Magic.”
“I see. Why?”
“I’m not sure.”
Her eyes moved back to me. “Why, Mister Clarence?”
I swallowed. My demon was gone.
“The Crowd Surfing Spell,” I replied, standing, “The child was used to spread it. At a gathering. He is to be interrogated.”
“Indeed.”
The room fell back into silence. I stared at her, noting again the scruffy clothing and dishevelled appearance. Her demon, on the other hand, remained dressed in the expensive fur coat and sequined dress of the wealthy. Its eyes remained fixed on mine. A permanent smile turned up its lips.
“Why are you here?” I asked.
“I came to talk,” she responded.
“What do you want to talk about? Are we going to fight?”
“Is Mister Kingston here?”
“No. He’s…” I hesitated. Lying on a sidewalk with a mind of chaos. “Not here.”
“Then we are not going to fight.”
“Good.”
Her eyes fell to the floor. “You are losing control of your demon. It is a dire situation.”
“I know. So are you.”
“You should be seeking help.”
“I know. So should you.”
A pause. She cleared her throat. Nearby a TV announcer was rattling on about a ‘situation of crisis in the city’. I stepped into the living room and sat across from her. The living room table was between us.
“You’re a good man,” she said at length.
I frowned. “What?”
“You’re a good man, Jet Clarence. I believe it. You want to do what you think is right. Isn’t that true?”
The words struck me like an open hand. Images flew at me; a skeletal head snapping to the side, blood ejecting from behind its ear. Linda Hastings; her eyes staring into nothing as she cleaned silverware. My mother; smiling at me as a meat cleaver descended towards my wrists. Benny; his eyes blazing as he marched forward, the Brent-demon mimicking his actions beside him.
“I’m not sure,” I responded.
“I believe you do.”
“I’m so sorry, Selena.” The words leapt eagerly from my mouth. A flutter blossomed in my stomach. “I’m so sorry. It’s not what we wanted to happen. It’s not what we planned. It just… the chain was set into motion. They needed someone to talk to fall. Why were you there? Why were you at the hotel? I’m sorry.” 
“I know you are, Mister Clarence,” she replied evenly.
“I didn’t have a choice.”
“You had no choice?” Her face hardened. “You have no choice?”
I opened my mouth. Words did not emerge. I closed it again.
“You know you have a choice. And you continue to make it. Daily.”
Envision, reach out, imprint.
“There was nothing I could do,” I said, “Benny, he organised…”
“This is not about Mister Kingston,” she snapped, “this is about you!”
“What do you want from me?!”
“I want you to do what’s right!”
“What's right?!” My voice rose to a scream. The flame exploded. “When does ‘right’ ever come into it?! When does ‘right’ ever matter?! In this place! In this world!”
“Look at yourself, Jet.” Her voice was again level. “Look at the uniform you are wearing. Look at what you’ve become. Is that what the world needs? A man with authority who is so riddled and torn with vengeful demons he cannot reach out and take a bottle of painkillers?”
The words calmed the flame. “What do you want me to do?”
“I want you to go to a Magical Detention Centre.”
“You want me to go to a Magical Detention Centre,” I whispered, “Is that what you want for me?”
“Do you deserve it?’
“I…” My body was filled with ice water. Between us and beside us the TV murmured its mechanical voice. Light danced on Perry’s face. He paid us no attention. “Yes.”
“Indeed,” she confirmed.
“But is that what you want?” I breathed. “Is that what you want?”
Her demon crooned sorrowfully. A sound of regret and shame. The first signs of emotion appeared on Selena’s face. Doubt. 
“I want the law to be followed,” she said. A tongue darted out to moisten lips. “And I want to be cleared of crimes I did not commit.”
“Do you want me to go away, Selena?”
She hesitated. Her eyebrows knitted together. “Is that what you want for me, Jet?”
“No. I want this to be gone. I want this all to be like it never was. I want it to be like it was before.”
Her face transformed. And suddenly a young woman was sitting before me, a tired, tortured young woman. Who did not know where one part of her ended and another started. The demon crooned again.
“So do I,” she said.
My heart thumped. I was burning in a sea of flutters that swore they would never be extinguished. I smiled. From behind came the sounds of approaching footsteps beyond the front door. And for a second I was sure it was Benny.
“Oh no. It’s the Enforcers.”
As her eyes widened the front door opened. Three Enforcers stepped inside. 
“Jet Clarence…?”
They saw her.
“Selena Stephania,” one of the men gasped. 
And then the demon was shrieking. A bolt was fired and deflected, bursting through the windows and out into the world. Curtains twisted into streamers. Selena sprang to her feet and disappeared behind a wall.
“Get her!” one of the Enforcers shouted.
They moved into action. I watched them and did nothing. Part of me was still smiling. Gloria went streaking forward. She advanced across the room in a blur, dodging a second bolt and using the wall as a springboard. Clawed hands came down and one of the Enforcers developed glistening red lines across his face. He screamed. The other two men scattered, backing away and firing off more frantic bolts. But there was another blurred movement, another scream, and then it had the last man pinned to the ground. It slashed repeatedly at his face.
“Clarence, help!” he shrieked.
I moved to assist. Spirit was drawn up and a bolt smashed square into the back of its head. The dull THUMP reverberated across the apartment. The creature went lurching forward, stumbling into a wall where its body smashed plaster into a crater. A cloud of dust came fluttering down from the ceiling. The creature turned on me, shrieking in betrayal.
“Stay away from me, Gloria.” 
It was not intimidated. The blur came directly at me and I attempted to dodge. But before my brain registered the movement the creature was knocking my legs out with one hand and slamming my body into the ground with the other. My chest flared up as I hit the ground. 
“Mami! Déjalo en paz! Deja de hacer eso!” I heard Selena yell.
Gloria ignored her and perched over me, teeth bared. My head vibrated with the warning buzz. But then the demon’s snarl faded and was again replaced by a smile. It purred, leaned in, and before I could resist it was kissing me.
“Mami! Por el amor de dios, que estás haciendo?!”
The creature was pulled staggering backwards and there came a loud SMACK as Selena delivered a slap. It squawked at her in annoyance. The two headed for the door. But before exiting Selena gave me a final look. She stood over me with a parade of emotions playing across her face.
“Selena…” I said.
“Goodbye, Jet,” she replied, tongue darting out over her lips. Then she vanished out of the door. The demon lingered a moment then followed behind her.
All that remained was the mutter of the television and groan of defeated Enforcers. I stood, holding my side, and was not surprised to see Perry still in front of the TV. He had not moved an inch.
“Enjoying the TV?” I asked him.
“No.”


CHAPTER 25
  
The boy waited patiently as I signed him in at the Containment Facility of the D.O.M. It was 21:00. The clerk, a large middle aged woman with more freckles than face, couldn’t stop staring. This was not only because my uniform was now less than ‘adequate’, nor because I had more wounds than I could keep track of. But because I had explained what Perry was capable of.
“Alright Perry,” I said, “This is it. You’re safe.”
“Okay. Thank you.” But he lingered.
“What is it?”
“The woman. The one who gave you the scars.”
“Yes?”
“What will you do when you find her?”
“I’m not sure.’”
I then proceeded to the medical department where my stitches were cleaned, hand redressed, and bruises on my face sterilised. As I sat wincing, thoughts curled about in my head. I knew which building my mother was in. I had seen in little Perry’s hellish mind, his brain first having horror’s implanted by ‘Genevieve Starling’, then those horrors being nurtured into obedience by ‘Barbara Starling’. When the time came, orders had been implanted and he had been released. Catching the boy had been a breakthrough. It was not something the ‘Starlings’ had anticipated. It was my advantage.
On my way to the briefing room I stopped at the Supply Depot for another blazer. The clerk told me I could make an application. But it would be a minimum of one to two weeks before it was approved. I nodded, glancing at the dozens of available blazers, and completed the paperwork.
In the briefing room a handful of weathered Enforcers hovered about. Some I recognised from my own D.O.M, others were strangers. Among them I saw Clara Anderson. Her face still showed bruises from our visit to the stadium. Soon Commander Gill stepped in, appearing at least twenty years older. He spotted me and nodded.
“Well done with the boy, Clarence,” he said, “The Specialists are getting to work on him as we speak. A lot of interesting things will come out of that boy’s head. We’re another step closer to dismantling this mess once and for all.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Where’s your blazer?”
“Lost it, sir.”
“Get a new one.”
“Yes, sir.”
His attention turned to the rest of the hall. “Alright, Enforcers. Hello to everyone who has landed up here from out sister stations. I know it’s all been a bit chaotic, and I know there has been confusion. But at times of crisis there are no jurisdictions. We are all Enforcers and we put in where it’s needed. Right?”
There were various mutters and nods.
 “I know we’re all tired and I know we could all use some rest. But we can’t, not yet. They need us out there and I have to send you out again. As of right now.” He turned to a map of the city. “The concentration of conflict is still mostly here and here at the moment, but we have managed to bring some degree of calm to the outskirts. Looting is still occurring on the commercial strip. We have people there working with the military. The situation is not yet entirely pacified. Our focus is going to be preventing the central conflict from flaring up again and spreading. So first, I need two, reinforcing the blockade on Grove. Anyone?”
Two men raised their hands hesitantly.
“Alright, Metcalfe, Jones. Get going.”
They stood and exited.
I listened, eyes unfocused. Selena was looking at me. The words she had spoken were crawling around in my head, refusing to disperse. They played with my nerves and set them sparking like loose connections. The road that had brought me to where I now sat was suddenly laid out before me. I saw it clearly, clearer than it had ever been. And looking at it made me tired. I wanted to rest. I wanted to lie down and sleep for a year. And, more than anything, I wanted to be sleeping beside her. Because I knew that sleep would be the sweetest I had ever experienced, if it was on a bed where she also lay.
‘So tired. So tired. Let me sleep. Just let it all be over.’
My body ached. My head throbbed.
 “We also need reinforcements here,” Gill was saying, “to prevent spread up Arcadia. These are high value properties and we have orders from up above.” 
I looked at the map and found Arcadia. It was not far from my mother’s building, just a few blocks away. A glance down found one hand massaging the wrist of the other.
‘No,’ the flame said, raising its head, ‘You can not sleep. You can not rest. You are not yet finished.’
Gill looked around. Clara put up her hand.
 “Alright, Anderson. And someone with her. Volunteers?”
I felt my hand rising.
“I’ll go with her,” I said.
 “Clarence. Alright, you two get moving. Anderson, stick to Clarence.”
She glanced at me and flushed.
We exited and headed for the Deployment Hall. Around us the D.O.M was sparsely populated, but those visible bustled about with expressions of semi-dread.
“Afraid my car is still sitting in the middle of nowhere,” I said to Clara, “We’ll have to take yours.”
“You’re an asshole,” she muttered.
“What?”
“You’re an asshole!”
“Clara…”
“I don’t need your patronising bullshit, Jet.”
I sighed and rubbed my eyes. “I’m tired…”
“Just back-up off me, okay?”
“I’m not babysitting you.”
“Then go back and take another assignment.”
Frustration clawed into my head. “Clara, for God’s sake. I’m tired. And I don’t feel like dealing with you right now. So if we could just do our jobs and have less of your whining, that would be great. Okay?”
She was silenced. She stared at me sideways. “You are such an asshole…”
We climbed into her car and headed to Arcadia. The drive was made in complete silence. Clara put such dedication into not looking at me I feared she might sprain her eyeballs. We passed two main intersections where violence was evident. Stores stood naked, car husks baked helplessly in the sinking sun.
Upon arriving at Arcadia all was quiet. The road was flanked on either side by tall, sturdy fences, restricting access to a large public park and city monument. But I suspected this design doubled as a means to funnel approaching vehicles, making protection convenient. Being wealthy had its perks.
 The Enforcer blockade consisted of ten bodies, five Enforcers and five military. None I recognised. All gazed anxiously up the road. Clara pulled the car over and jumped out. I followed suit.
“Hey, it’s Jet Clarence,” the Enforcer Squad commander said brightly, “Manna from heaven.”
Military and Enforcer alike laughed. Clara seethed.
“How are things looking?” I asked.
“We’ve pushed back a few handfuls,” the Commander replied, “not much trouble. Some load of bullshit, though. Right? The only reason we’re here is because they live back there.” He jerked a thumb over his shoulder. “Stores are getting looted all over the city. But here we are, protecting the tennis court with the most cash.”
“My sister’s boutique got looted up town,” a second added.
“It’s a fair amount of bullshit,” I agreed, “What can we do about it?”
There were a few mutters of discontent. Silence fell and eyes fixed up the road. I waited, avoiding conversation and drifting to the edge of the barricade.  After an hour of no activity I had decided to go with my plan regardless of distractions. But, thankfully, a group of civilians soon appeared. They emerged from a crossroad and drifted towards us. More joined and a formidable crowd developed.
“Here they come,” the Commander said, ‘everyone get ready.”
There was a series of crackles as Spirit was summoned. Followed by a silence in which Spells were prepared. The military units fell back behind the Enforcers. Automatic weapons were raised.
“As before,” the Commander declared, “Keep it calm. Send them on their way. Raw Spirit is prohibited unless I give the word.”
Heads nodded. The crowd advanced, swarming up the street and expanding to occupy its full breadth. A murmuring roar followed in its wake. Bodies pressed side by side and wild eyes rolled feverishly.
‘A better life for me, a better life for my family.’
 As it drew to within fifty meters the order was given.
“Now!”
Spirit was released and calm washed out. The front runners reacted immediately, slowing and developing perplexed expressions. But those behind forced them on, overcoming the effects and negating the calm.
“Spell is getting stronger,” the Commander said, “Keep it up. Raise your Spirit output.” He glanced at me. “Let’s go, Clarence. Push them back.”
I added my own Spirit to the mix. But held back. The crowd continued to advance. Twenty meters.
“Clarence, push them back!”
“I’m trying, sir.”
Fifteen meters.
“Alright, put them down!”
As the first bolt was thrown I acted. My Spirit was drawn up. I added a message. And it was eased out over the Enforcers. Subtle, almost inaudible, but persistent…
‘Jet Clarence is not here, ignore me, Jet Clarence is not here, ignore me…’
Ahead the bolts struck home and bodies jolted. A woman catapulted backwards and ploughed into a man behind her, clawing at him for support. He let her fall and trod on her in his advance.
I edged backwards and detached from the barricade.
‘Ignore me… ignore me…’
I stopped a short distance up the street and watched.  Clara Anderson turned her head and looked in my direction. But her eyes glazed and she returned to the battle. It was my hope everyone would assume I had been lost track of in the chaos.
I turned and jogged up the street. Behind me the sounds of crackling Spirit rose, combined with the shouts of determined Enforcers. They would be fine, I told myself. Nothing they couldn’t handle. Gunshots joined the snaps of Spirit.
At the end of Arcadia I turned right and proceeded into the looping roads that constructed the wealthiest neighbourhood in the city. The further I travelled the hotter the furnace in my stomach burned. Soon it began to burst its seams and seep into my veins.
‘This is it,’ the flame told me, ‘this is it; we’ve made it. This is what we want. This is what you want…’
My pace quickened. Around me enormous glittering buildings stretched up and vanished into the night sky. Pristine lobbies of glass and light slipped past on either side. Deserted. Everywhere doors stood closed to the encroaching menace. The sounds of conflict faded and became distant behind me. ‘They’ll be fine,’ I repeated, ‘they’ll be fine. Eyes front, stay focused. Get it done. Get back before the spell fades.’
Left at the intersection. Just up ahead. I could see it now; an enormous glowing needle rising up into the sky, tapering at the top and piercing the clouds. The road beneath it was dead, illuminated by rows of streetlamps. And although towering, somehow the building begged to go unnoticed. Something about the way its surrounding gardens were less impressive. The way its lobby doors were small and difficult to notice. I arrived panting. Ribs aching, head swimming. My stitches had again begun to bleed.
“I’m in no condition to do this,” I gasped to myself, “Turn around, go back. Heal and return later...”
A tuxedoed figure was beside me. It followed my gaze. Around it a soft blue flame flickered and guttered, casting mutant shadows across the street.
“Right here, right now,” it said, “finish it. There is nothing else but the end. Visualise.”
I tilted my head back. My eyes traveled up the length of the structure. On the top floor they were waiting. A moment before I took my first step a tiny voice was glimpsed, emanating from the building like a broadcast signal.
‘There is no one here, this building is not worth investigating. There is no one here, this building is not worth investigating.’
It was resisted and pushed aside. I approached the lobby doors and passed through them. My Spirit went out in an all consuming wave.
‘Jet Clarence is not here; ignore me, Jet Clarence is not here; ignore me…’
A pair of security guards stationed on either side of the door glanced at me, but were committed to ignoring my presence. I moved beyond them and crossed the lobby. In response the desk clerk looked up and his eyes fell directly on my face. But the moment they did he glazed over. He returned to his crossword and job of waiting for the phone to ring.
My boots clip-clopped on the marble floor, echoing in an entrance lobby that was unexpectedly small, for such an extravagant building. There were no chairs on which to wait, no magazines to read while waiting, and not even a pot plant to try establish an atmosphere of calm. It was the most uninviting building lobby I had ever visited. My finger pressed the elevator button and it sprang open. Again the clerk looked up, perplexed, but shrugged his shoulders. He was more comfortable believing it had malfunctioned then having to deal with the intruder traipsing through the building.
I stepped into the elevator and rode it to the top floor.
‘There is no one here,’ the building said, ‘this building is not worth investigating…’
By the time the doors slid open on the top floor the Spell had become stronger. I continued to fight it off, but it was starting to take on a ‘fingernails on a blackboard’ edge. A red carpeted corridor now paved the way. It was dissected by another, thirty meters ahead. Dozens of gold trimmed apartment doors flanked my sides.
“I’m coming, mother,” I said.
And then Franco Starling came marching around the corner. His stride was determined and jaw set. As before his wardrobe seemed to have been stolen from a slick-covered, business fashion catalogue. He headed in my direction for a few steps, oblivious to my presence. I prayed he might walk right by. But an instant later he did a double-take and his eyes locked on my face. His march halted, body tensing.
“Whoa there,” he said, pearly whites flashing, “there you are, Jet. Thought that was you. Nice to see you again.”
I groaned. “And you, Franco Starling.”
“That’s an impressive spell. Walked right in through the lobby did you?”
“Yes.”
“Very impressive indeed. You know even the guys watching the cameras didn’t see you. Your spell penetrated right through the walls, clear across the whole building.”
“I didn’t see the cameras.”
“I guessed as much. But I felt you. Right through every floor straight up to the top.”
He paused and stared at me.
“What do you want from me?” I asked.
He shrugged. “You’re an anomaly; an unwanted annoyance. And still one of the most powerful magic users I’ve ever met. It’s interesting. Seeing what you’ll do, what lengths you’ll go through. Ruining yourself every step of the way. My God if you just took one step for your own benefit you could be unstoppable. A force that changed the world. But you don’t. Why?”
“You think that’s what you are?” I said, “A force changing the world? You’re one step away from being right back in the lobby. You always will be.”
He threw back his head and laughed. “I feel sorry for you, Jet. I can’t deny it. But maybe that’s just because we shared the same childhood, brother. You see my father died too.”
Behind Franco the shape of a figure was glimpsed. A tall man in a long dusty coat. Where one of his eyes should have been was a pink hollow.
I sighed. “One of us ended up on his back last time. Screaming. Let’s not do this again.”
His smile faltered. “Not this time.”
“Just get out of my way.”
The smile melted altogether. “There’s nothing to interrupt us. No one is calling the Enforcers.”
I found my Place of Calm. “I’m counting on it.”
“Round three.”
His eyes narrowed and a debilitating attack followed. Black tentacles leapt forward and probed aggressively. I expected it. The world tightened and lights dimmed, but I resisted. Simultaneously I let my body slump and adopted a stunned posture. An imitation of a person overpowered. He bought it. 
His Spirit exploded in a ground shuddering blast and he came charging forward.  I waited, watching as his arm swept round and fist impacted my right cheek with a wet THUMP. My teeth rattled and upper body spun. The Spirit was released and tingled as it prepared to go active. I drew it in and directed it down. It passed my neck into my chest, around my heart, then immediately up my left shoulder. It shot up my arm and out the index finger. This finger which was pointed at Franco’s chest.
He didn’t have a hope of absorbing. Or even raising a hand to defend. The blast slammed into his stomach and arched his spine, then dragged him backwards. His arms flung out in some bizarre imitation of a superhero in flight. Then the shockwave bowed walls and flickered gold trimmed lights. He went catapulting backwards as a thundering BOOM rang in the ceiling. 
When at last hitting the red carpet, his body was already limp. The result was a tangle of limbs that flapped about for his entire tumbling journey to the other end of the corridor. Upon finally come to a rest, thirty meters away, I wasn’t sure if any part of him remained facing the right direction. I looked at the pile of expensive clothing and broken parts. Distantly, I knew I had just said goodbye to the closest thing I would ever have to a brother.
“I’m sorry,” I said, “I’m sorry you chose that.”
My eyes turned to the doors on either side. I waited to see if a face would emerge. None did. I then began examining room numbers, looking for my mother’s. But realisation struck. I had been invaded by the Spell while facing Franco.
‘There is no one here, this building is not worth investigating…’
I realised I was in the wrong building. 
‘How stupid of me,’ I thought, ‘wondering into the wrong place. Waltzing through the lobby and making such a mess. Better go back down and check my directions.’
‘No. This is the right building. I know it is.’
‘No it’s not, dummy.’
I gritted my teeth and covered my eyes. The roots were too deep. Extracting them was trying to forcefully uproot a hundred year old oak. And even now as I thought about it, I was certain I had entered the wrong building. Images began to appear in my head of entering an incorrect lobby. The one glimpsed next door. Had I…?
My body prepared to turn around and get back in the elevator. I fought it, using every ounce of will to halt the unwanted actions of my own muscles.
“Futile,” I muttered to myself. I sucked in deep breaths. “Futile.”
I relaxed my mental defences and stopped resisting. The spell flowed in and expanded, stretching out to occupy every corner of my mind. In the few seconds that remained I zoned in.
‘There is no one here, this building is not worth investigating…’
And dug deeper. I dove in, clawed my way under the foundations. And saw the ant colony below the rock. There it was. Two vibrations. One slow, one slightly faster. They hummed away merrily. The Spell had passed through Franco before infecting me, it seemed. 
I felt my eyes squint with focus as I reached tenuously for the chords. A task so absurdly delicate I had images of threading microscopic cotton through a needle eye; one that would be dwarfed by a grain of sand. Contact was made. The chords were singing before my eyes, buzzing and curling like threads of hair resting on a blaring speaker. I experimentally pushed Spirit onto them, having to focus it down to a pinpoint I would never have considered possible. And they wavered. I added a bit more and they shattered like glass.
The world shifted and eased. I leapt at my Place of Calm. And not a moment too soon, for the very second I did, the spell descended again. I denied it.
My eyes returned to the apartment doors and I started forward.
I turned right. My eyes flicked to room numbers. As I approached my buzz escalated. 215, 216, 217, 218. And here it was; 219. A great behemoth of a mahogany door, polished to a brilliant, silky shine.
Reach out…
I placed my hand on the doors surface. Beneath my palm it was cool.
“Here I am mother.”
In my minds eye were tiny, microscopic objects. So small they could not be seen with the naked eye. I scrambled them. One was separated from the other and sent drifting away.
…And imprint…
Beneath my hand the wood began to transform to ash and flutter to the red carpet. The reaction spread, expanding in an uneven ring from beneath my hand. The ash piled up and the door was gone. Behind it stood the home of Barbara Starling.



CHAPTER 26

Waiting was a penthouse suit, all round edges, shining surfaces and white carpets. Jeremy Dempsey looked up at me expectantly. Above him a magnificent chandelier glittered in soft light.
“Hello, Jet,” he said. His face was calm and inviting. But posture rigid with authority.
I wish I could have said I was surprised to see him.
To my right, seated on a broad leather couch, three children were shoulder to shoulder. They stared at news coverage of the uprising on a gargantuan television. Each was the age of Perry.
“You’re not who I’m looking for,” I said to Dempsey.
“Have you met my children? This is Lucy, and…”
“Mother!”
“I know you’re a busy person, being an Enforcer and all. But why don’t you spare a few moments? You’ll find listening to me very much in your benefit, I believe.”
The spell was descending on me again and again. It persistently probed and explored, looking for entrance.
“Mother!” I roared, “Mother! Come out. I’ll tear this place apart.”
The three children did not look round.
“You’re being very rash, Jet,” Dempsey said. He shook his head. “I want you to stop for a moment and think. Consider what is being given to the city.”
“It is chaos out there! That’s hard to see when you’re a thousand feet off the ground, isn’t it?” I waved a hand at the television. “Is that how it looks to you?!”
“Wrong,” he said, gesturing to his right, “I have the best seat in the house.”
An enormous picture window looked out onto the city. A grid of brown shapes dissected by black roads stretched off for what seemed eternity. Far below flickering sparks of light identified where I had left my comrades to do battle.
“A dead man is lying out in the corridor behind you,” he went on, “Four more lay dead in Valhalla Hotel. And another up in The Marlon, face squashed flat. A penthouse not so different from this, I’m told. You did what you had to do. And I understand that. But I ask you this; what did those men die for?”
‘He’s distracting you!’ my brain screamed at me. 
The Spell descended again and again. Black tentacles lashed out at my brain, probing for purchase with clumsy eagerness. I bolstered my Place of Calm.
“Where is my mother?!” I snarled.
“Now, Jet…”
I dashed forward and grabbed him by the collar. My eyes locked on his. Multiple layers of defences and already existing spells were penetrated.
‘Tell the truth! Tell the truth! Lie and you will suffer!’
His eyes glazed.
“Where is my mother?”
“Barbara Starling is in the kitchen. She is not your mother.”
I released him. He staggered and plopped into a sitting position on polished wood. 
“That’s assaulting a servant of the city,” a voice said.
I spun. My mother, Liza Clarence, Barbara Starling, stood in the doorway of an adjoining room. Her appearance was as far away as it was possible to be from how I had last seen her. 
The flame went nova. It expanded from a pinpoint of light and grew to a sun. My body was bathed in white heat. I stepped forward. But realised both my legs were broken at the knee and fell. I hit the floor beside Jeremy Dempsey.
I attempted to push myself up, head whipping about for the assailant, only to realise my arms were shedding their flesh in miniature rivulets. My eyes closed and I grasped for my Place of Calm. But a cold steel point plunged into my stomach and I screamed. Both eyes flew open. Above me stood my grandmother with fire poker clutched in hands. Its tip vanished an inch into my stomach. She twisted it, I screamed again.
There were clicking footsteps and my mother towered over me. She bent and helped Dempsey to his feet.
“Why don’t you fix us some drinks, dear?” she said to him.
“Yes, I’ll fix some drinks,” he replied, heading off.
My mother’s eyes turned down to me.
“Those are your brothers and sisters,” she said, glancing at the three children.
I craned my head. One, a redheaded boy, and the little girl beside him, were gazing at me. Their combined power was immeasurable. I attempted to fall inwards again and find calm. My grandmother twisted the poker; I heard a wet crunch and screamed until my throat hurt.
“Stop struggling, Jet,” Gran said, “Sit still.” She turned to my mother. “Quickly.”
My mother nodded and walked to a cabinet. From one of the drawers she extracted a pistol.
“Oh God…” I breathed.
My stomach was burning. It shrieked from the pain, simultaneously exploding with white light. My mother began inserting bullets into a clip. I frantically reached for calm again, but gran needn’t have turned the poker. I was shaking all over. The pain was unbearable. Defeat excruciating.
“Why,” I hissed, “why are you destroying the city…?”
“It’s just good business,” Dempsey said, returning with a tray of drinks. My spell lingered in his head. “New laws, you see. Lighter magical laws mean magic-user owned businesses will flourish. Some will see never before imagined increases…”
“Shut up!” gran snapped at him.
“Good business…?” I gasped.
“Why, yes Jet. The number one factor of growth restriction in magic-user owned and run businesses…”
“Shut up! You shut up!” gran snapped again. She turned to my mother. “You only need one bullet!”
My mother inserted the clip and pulled back the slider.
“It really is a mercy, dear,” she said, “You’ve attempted to assassinate Jeremy Dempsey. And I’d rather be dead than spend the rest of my life in a white bed. Wouldn’t you?”
From above my head a bolt sizzled into the room and exploded against my mother. The chandelier rattled and she was flung backwards. Gran’s head snapped around, just in time to have a second bolt burst against her chest. She staggered and went to the ground. The poker remained upright in my stomach. A new set of footsteps approached.
“What in God’s name, Jet?”
Clara Anderson. She stooped and picked up the gun. She pulled the clip and ejected the bullet. But gran was sitting up. Clara, bless her, had gone easy on the old woman. A wrinkled finger pointed.
“Her,” gran said.
“The children!” I gasped, “Clara! The children! The children!”
She looked round and met their gazes. Then she was shrieking and clutching her head, body crumpling into the foetal position. My arms and legs were again unharmed. The poker, however, had to be grabbed and extracted with both hands. Clara and I were screaming as a duet. A second pair of hands grasped the poker and began to force it back down. Gran was on her feet, face contorting with strain.
“Just stay down,” she snarled, “Stay down and go away…”
I pulled, she pushed. The glistening end of the poker hovered above my bleeding stomach.
“No,” I heard myself hiss through clenched teeth, “Not like this.”
My mind snapped into focus. Spirit leapt into my chest and I released a clumsy bolt from the space before my eyes. There was a POP and gran went staggering, the poker clattering to the floor. Nearby Clara continued to shriek incomprehensible words.
I lay still holding my stomach. Breath escaped me in whimpers and blood pooled beneath my waist. A glance down the length of my body saw gran writhing. She attempted to sit up and failed. Her old body was finally calling it quits.
“Don’t give her the chance,” I growled, “don’t let her…” 
I rolled over and got my arms beneath me, drawing strength from the boundless white flame that consumed my innards. It fuelled me, pumped me with adrenalin. I was back on my feet, gran’s horizontal figure centred in my vision. I walked towards her. 
After two steps her head rose and eyes fixed on me. An attack descended and I shrugged it off. She winced. A bony finger raised and pointed at me. I did not see it but knew the three children were turning their gaze.
I noticed warmth descending down my legs. This was followed by what felt like rubber tubing slipping from beneath my shirt and bumping against my thighs. I ignored it and continued forward. Gran was now rolling over and attempting to slither away across the floor. Next, I realised my left shin had fractured. I yelped and tumbled to hands and knees, but continued crawling. Just ahead Gran had been backed into a wall. Tubes looped down and dragged on the floor beneath me, brushing the carpet. Something larger wrenched free, my stomach, and hit the ground with a wet PLOP. I continued crawling.
Slowly I moved into position over gran, eyes fixed on her expression of frozen terror. Comprehension was dawning in her eyes. My hands reached for her neck and she attempted to push them away. I felt my cheeks being pulled taut. The result of my jaw coming loose and wanting to tumble to the floor. I ignored it and clamped my hands around gran’s neck.
“No, Jet,” she mewled, “No, please, no…”
I squeezed. In my stomach the furnace was churning like a million torrential suns. My fingers curled tighter. Gran’s face turned the colour of beetroot.
“Die,” I heard a voice snarling. The demon knelt beside me, its hands wrapped around nothing. The flame blazed around its body. “Die! Die, you bitch, die! Die!”
Slowly life began to fade from her eyes. A purple tongue ceased its flickering between grimacing teeth. And she was dead. But I held tight; part of me not believing it to be true. After another minute I released my grip. My body shook and chest heaved. Around me the world shifted. At first I thought this to be a manifestation of my deed; the universe acknowledging a quest completed. But I looked down and realised my guts were again where they belonged. I had been released from the spell. The children were again watching television.
For a long moment I sat and did nothing. Waiting for elation to strike, for a feeling of victory to explode and eclipse the furnace. But it did not.
“Mother,” the demon said beside me.
I took a breath and stood. Blood leaked down my waist. Clara was staring at me, knuckles clamped to her mouth.
“What have you done?” she whimpered. The mask of terror was as pale as ivory. “Oh my God, you monster. What the hell are you?!”
“Clara…” my voice croaked.
“Clara…” the demon mimicked.
She turned and bolted from the room. An enormous cosmic lock clicked as it slid into place. My options were dwindling down to none. How fast would the D.O.M respond to a report that a Class 5 Enforcer was going off the rails? But for Clara it was a different cosmic lock and different bolt. She had been given what she most desired that night; a demon. And it was me.
I turned into the apartment. “Mother!”
“Mother!” the demon repeated.
But mother was gone. The floor she had occupied was empty. Jeremy Dempsey, however, remained. Still holding a tray of drinks.
“I brought the drinks,” he said. “Martinis. I find they’re the best universal option when no specific drink types are mentioned.”
“Where is she?!” I barked in his face.
“She told me not to tell you, Jet. Very specifically…”
No time. I hobbled through an archway and pushed open a door. A bloody trail was left in my wake. A study, empty. The next door along, a spare bedroom. Empty. Next one, opposite side of the corridor. A bathroom. Empty. But a second before I stepped out my eyes focused on a space in the bathtub. For the briefest instant I could have sworn I saw my mother there. Huddled, lips trembling in fear, staring at me with bulging eyes. But no, my eyes unfocused. There was nothing.
‘Ignore me, ignore me, ignore me…’
I stepped out, intending on going back and checking the other side of the house. But rapid footsteps approached via the front door. 
“Oh shit, oh shit, it’s Genevieve Starling,” a voice said, “Jesus Christ, I think she’s dead as well.”
“Franco was dead?”
“Yes. It’s him. It has to be.”
“Let’s get the hell out of here, man. Let the Enforcers deal with this shit. They’re on their way. He’s a Class 5.”
My head swam. Blood had begun to gather and spill over the tops of my boots.
“Shit,” I muttered to myself. “Mother…”
I steadied myself on wall.
“Run, vanish, regroup,” the demon said at my shoulder.
I headed for the exit, stepping past the two security guards…
‘Jet Clarence is not here, ignore me, Jet Clarence is not here, ignore me…’
…and moved as fast as I could to the elevator.

*****

Downstairs I exited the building as an Enforcer van arrived. Two men climbed out and I limped passed them.
‘Jet Clarence is not here, ignore me.’
They ran inside and I climbed into the vehicle. Before departing I dug around and found a spare pair of blue trousers. I rolled them up and stuffed them under my shirt. They began to turn red.
I arrived back at the apartment thirty minutes later. It was a journey made in relative ease despite glimpsing two barricades. One had been under aggressive siege. I had ignored both.
I mounted the steps, Enforcer trousers now soaked clean through. My mind worked on the details of a plan. It was to my benefit the uprising still raged. A bare minimum of people could possibly be looking for me. And I would be long gone by the time enough could be spared to present a real threat. A man like me could disappear forever. Or at least, until he wanted to return. How ironic that Phillip the security guard and I would ultimately be living similar lives.
I arrived at the top step and gasped a sigh of relief. My unsteady legs carried me into the apartment and straight into my bedroom. But the painkillers were not there. I inched over to the bed and eased myself down.
“Please,” I said, “Please, I need them. It hurts so much.”
The demon looked at me with cold eyes. The flame burned, licking up from its shoulders towards the ceiling.
“Please,” I begged, “Let me have them.”
It inclined its head out my bedroom door.
“What? What’s out there?”
I painfully returned to my feet, grimacing, and hopped out into the living room. It stood by the bathroom door, nodding inside. I approached and entered the bathroom. It stood by a cabinet and nodded to the doors. I opened them. Inside was a small medical kit.
Halfway through clumsily bandaging my stomach the phone began to ring. I ignored it. As bloody clothes were stripped and new ones pulled on, it continued to ring. Still I ignored it. It was only as I headed to exit the apartment, a carry bag of essentials in one hand, I finally turned to give it attention. For a long moment I hesitated. Then grabbed the receiver.
“Hello?”
“Kingston,” a voice said.
“No, Clarence. Who is this?’
“Julian.”
“Who?”
“Julian. Kingston wanted to know where the girl is. The Latino girl. Still wanna know?”
I paused, my brain racing. “From the diner. The high school girl abuser.”
“Hey, man…”
“Tell me.”
“Payoff is still five hundred, right?”
“Yes.”
“Some of the boys just tipped me off she’s hiding out in a building. East side. Abandoned shit hole. Not sure what a girl is doing in there by herself. Either way, I would be careful going there right now. The streets are burning up that way.”
For what seemed an eternity I stood with receiver in hand. That empty place in my stomach where the furnace was again growing cold, began to flutter.
“Thank you,” I replied.
I avoided Main and stuck to the back routes, managing to skirt erected barricades upon spotting them. Many of the streets were littered with broken glass and debris, and some commercial zones appeared apocalyptic in their level of destruction. I pressed on, relieved at my good fortune. I was made to eat this relief soon after, as I rounded a corner and found myself facing a mob of what must have been thousands. They were headed in my direction, two hundred meters up the road. I slammed the car into reverse and began executing a rapid u-turn. But a second later noticed two Enforcers.
Between my car and the approaching mob two uniformed men were stumbling, both on the verge of full blown panic. I waited, hesitating, then threw open a door and climbed out. They approached at a jog, panting like steam engines.
“Go!” one gasped, “Now! Move!”
“Get in the car,” I told him, “Wait. I can handle this.”
They gaped at me and jumped in the car. “Get in!”
The faceless throng of civilians was bearing down on me. Hundreds of faces, so different, yet so much the same. I waited for them, finding my calm. Their roar of blood lust was deafening.
‘A better life for me, a better life for my children, a better life for me…’
My Spirit blasted out like a tsunami. It swept up the road, licking the sides of buildings and engulfing streetlights. The crowd was swallowed and began to slow. Brows wrinkled in confusion. 
“You are all puppets!” I bellowed out, “You think you are working for a better future, but you are not! You are under a spell. One cast by those who live in the penthouses above you. Those who sip fine wines and watch the streets burn far below! When did you start believing those men?!”
Eyes blinked and glances were shared. I continued to pour out Spirit.
“Turn around!” I continued, “Go home to your families! All of you!”
Silence descended. For a long time the crowd stood motionless. Then, as if hearing his name called from far off, a man in the front row dropped a bottle and walked off. A second followed, then a third. The crowd began to disperse. I breathed a sigh of relief and turned to my car. The two Enforcers were staring at me with saucer eyes.
“Holy shit, it is Jet Clarence,” one said, “what happened to you? Are you bleeding?”
“No, I’m not Jet Clarence,” I replied.
“I recognise you. Where’s your uniform?”
A second sigh of relief. “Off duty.”
“God damned good thing you were here, Clarence. Swear you’re a Godsend. Our barricade was overrun up the road. Thomson and Jones took off in the other direction. What a shit storm, huh?”
I nodded. “It is. Where can I drive you?”
“We need to get to a D.O.M. Regroup.”
“Let’s go.”
I dropped them on a corner at a nearby Department of Magic. The area was a chaos of departing and arriving vehicles. I accepted their handshakes and continued on my way.


CHAPTER 27

Soon after I arrived at an address on the east side of town and exited the car. It was heading towards midnight. The structure before me stretched up like an injured finger. It had every similarity to an establishment occupied by one or more deranged scientists, lacking only a sky laced with lightening to complete the picture. It had been abandoned for years.
I approached via a weed-infested path and headed for the lobby. At the building’s flank a long abandoned car sat, nested in piles of garbage. Ahead of me, looking like a snapshot from a war-torn country, double doors gave entrance to the lobby. They hung skew and clung to their last shards of glass. I approached them and limped through, nostrils drowning in a smell of human waste. The homeless had taken residence here, in the damp cement alcoves. And judging by the empty sleeping bags and still guttering fire had left in a hurry. I turned, waiting for my eyes to adjust, and was startled by a rumbling boom that drifted down from the cement ceiling. It penetrated from the building’s upper floors.
Boom.
 I waited, listening. It came again.
Boom.
Louder, shaking loose dust and debris.
My eyes adjusted. I spotted a ‘stairs’ sign and headed for it, trying to ignore how loud my echoing footsteps seemed.
Boom!
The steps vibrated through the soles of my boots. More debris rained down, illuminated by shafts of cold moonlight that penetrated dust-coated windows.
Boom!
 I exited the steps onto the first floor. 
Boom!
Higher, up to level three.
BOOM! BOOM!
A light fixture, which had already given up its bulb, jingled merrily on the ceiling. The sound was coming from directly above, one floor up. I continued on, mounting dusty steps with heart pumping in preparation. Halfway up the fourth flight the booming stopped. The building sank into a suffocating silence. I froze, my boot hovering. No more booms followed and all at once I was acutely aware of my surroundings. The lifeless cement pressed in and radiated cold. I cocked my head, listening. There was a new sound, one that originated from the fourth floor and floated down to meet me. A female voice crooning the most mournful lullaby I had ever heard.

‘Manuelita una vez se enamoró
de un tortugo que pasó. 
Dijo: ¿Qué podré yo hacer…?’ 

Words; unrecognisable. Half lost in the cement and half faded with distance. Not English.

‘En la tintorería de París 
la pintaron con barniz. 
La plancharon en francés 
del derecho y del revés…’

The moment drew on. The sound was so sweet, yet somehow so heart wrenchingly sad, tears prickled at the corners of my eyes.
“This should not exist,” I told myself, “This situation should not be happening. No sound so sweet should ever be heard in a place so foul.”
It was magic, I knew, and held the Spell at bay. But still felt my feet continuing up to the fourth floor. I stepped out into the corridor and the voice became clearer. Tears trickled down my dusty cheeks. I listened and turned right, heading up a naked corridor and facing the lullaby head on. It washed over me like slow moving rapids. At the far end of the corridor light escaped around the frame of a door, creating a white rectangle. I headed towards it.

‘Tantos años tardó en cruzar el mar 
que allí se volvió a arrugar 
y por eso regresó 
vieja como se marchó…’

I paused outside the door fighting back the well of emotion. Calm was locked down. Then I reached out, took the door handle, and pushed.
Light stung my eyes. I was in the interior of an apartment and it was immediately clear this was where the booming had occurred. The scene resembled a landscape having endured days of bombing. Walls, floor and ceiling were pockmarked with impact craters; a replica of the hotel room days ago. Candles, a dozen, were placed strategically around to offer illumination.
The singing was coming from my right and I turned. The buzzing exploded in my head.
Kneeling in the centre of the space was the Gloria-demon, face looking at me in bemused surprise. Her skeletal body appeared to float in candlelight. Below the face, looking like the contracting limbs of a dying spider, its arms cradled a human figure. The creature continued to sing, its eyes never leaving me. And a deeply unsettling smile slowly turned up its lips. The arms moved and my breath was stolen.
Selena was lying on the floor before the creature, half dressed in dirty rags. Her head was cradled on the creature’s lap and naked legs drawn up in a foetal position. She was serene, eyes closed. As I watched the demon stroked her hair.
A wave of euphoria bathed me. My eyes moved over the scene, heart halfway between exploding and freezing. I knew the moment should be horrifying me, that the nature of the moment declared Selena so far into the darkness she might be lost forever. I realised then, tears streaming down my face, that what had appeared to be a red rug beneath her body was in fact a thin coating of blood. There were multiple self inflicted lacerations on her thighs, somewhere near a dozen. Each was fresh and glistening with blood.
For what seemed an age I stood and stared, watching Selena’s motionless form. The demon continued to sing. Its voice was a chorus of angels. When at last the lullaby stopped I wanted nothing more then to comfort her. Protect her and keep the world at bay, ensure no harm came to her. I wanted to curl up on the floor and sleep beside her. Allow the demon to embrace me. And be safe knowing that I was a part of her story.
The demon crooned invitingly. Selena’s eyes opened.
“Jet,” she said sleepily, “Am I dreaming?”
“Selena. Come with me.”
Her brow creased. “What?”
“Come with me,” I insisted, “Let’s go. Come with me and let’s leave this city. I’m tired and I don’t want to do this anymore. I don’t want to be alone anymore. I just want to go far away. And I want you to be with me. Please, come with me.”
She stared, trying to comprehend. But a light was growing in her eyes. She rose up on an elbow.
“Come with me,” I repeated, reaching out, “Come with me, Selena. Please.”
She looked at my hand as if it were a strange foreign object.
“Come with me.”
“Where will we go, Jet?”
“It doesn’t matter. Just leave with me now.”
She hesitated, face contorting. The demon, however, had set its face into a mask of irritation. It did not like how things were panning out.
“Oh, Jet,” Selena whispered, “I’m so scared.” 
 At last she reached for my hand. And then my fingers were being crushed.
“Selena,” I groaned, “that hurts...”
 I looked down. The demon had reached passed her and was grasping my hand. It sneered at me.
Selena blinked. Her eyes settled on me and burned.
“You,” she hissed.
“Please don’t…”
She drew in a deep breath and the air was suddenly alive with blue sparks. I gasped, making a clumsy effort to brace, but my broken body forbade it. Her palms thrust forward and I was swept up, torn from the demon’s grasp and sent skating backwards. There was a jarring impact as my back struck a wall. For a moment I was sure I would be crushed, body forced into bare cement. My stomach dampened, stitches burst, hand screamed. But, desperately, part of the energy was drawn in and the pressure eased. The wall was not so lucky. As the bombardment continued I felt it give way behind me.
“Selena! Stop!”
I was flying backwards into the still night air, surrounded by chunks of debris and an endless black void. My body tumbled, part of me said goodbye. Then the sensation of rushing air ceased and my teeth rattled. Air burst from my mouth and something in my chest crumbled. The ground buckled a fraction, then I was recoiling a foot back into the air. There came the rhythmic sound of debris pounding asphalt.
All was still.
I tried to steady my singing head and get to my feet. The first realisation was that my hands were grappling about on a metal surface. I had landed on the roof of the old car. The second realisation, one that caused significantly more alarm, was that I had not taken a breath for more seconds then was normal. I attempted to inhale, failed, and was soon racking my body with spasming attempts to draw in air. When finally I did it was followed by immediate regret. My expanding chest shrieked with stabbing pain.
“Oh God,” I heard myself gurgle, “Oh no, oh God…”
An echoing shriek drifted down from above. I craned my head, grimacing in pain, and caught sight of an odd shape detaching from the building. Barely visible against the moon. Seconds later I realised it was descending towards me and flung myself off the car. I struck asphalt and multiple parts of my body howled in agony. Then beside me came an enormous squeal of metal crushing into metal. Gloria was looking down at me, her scowling eyes now void of affection. Beneath her spidery legs the car’s roof had pan-caked.
I scrambled backwards, trying to ignore stabbing pain that accompanied each breath. One of my arms was dragging beside me. The demon, purring, stepped down from the car and advanced towards me.
“Obsession!” it screamed, “Obsession! Obsession! Obsession!”
“Gloria, please…”
“Obsession! Obsession!”
A hand closed around my neck and I felt the ground falling away beneath me. I did not fight back. There was one resource remaining to me. And I called it.
“Help me…” I gurgled through a constricted throat, “Help me!”
The shadows sank deeper. My demon moved to obey, swooping in like animated liquid. It smashed into Gloria, dragging her off to the side. I flailed and fell back Earth.
From nearby came a muffled BOOM and debris cascaded over my body. I looked towards it, shielding my face, but saw only a blur of movement. Two bodies swirled around one another in a mess of semi-invisible shapes. The ground exploded beneath them as Spirit was released, and the shapes darted from one position to another, tearing up the asphalt. Strangled squawks and shrieks followed in the wake of the chaos. There was another earthshaking BOOM, and the shapes were darting up, ricocheting off the building’s second floor exterior, exploding the wall, and streaking back down to Earth. The ground shook.
I watched, mouth hanging open. Even trying to make sense of the proceedings made my head hurt. Finally the blurring shapes froze. Gloria was on her back pinned by my demon’s knees. She squealed in apparent agony as my tuxedo wearing counterpart attempted to rip her head from its neck. She flailed, swatting at him, but with a sound like a tree uprooting, her head detached. The headless body faded first. But the head remained a few seconds, clutched in my demon’s hands. A moment before vanishing Gloria’s eyes rolled in their sockets towards me. Then she was gone.
I sighed and lay back. Above me the yellow moon looked down without comment. 
 “She reached for my hand,” I said to my demon. Each gasping breath resulted in a wincing stab. “If I had taken it…”
The demon said nothing.
“You saved me,” I said, grimacing.
It did not respond. I coughed, blood ejected like mist.
“I’m in bad shape here. I believe… I need to get to a medical facility. I’m dying.”
It did nothing.
“Pick me up, you son of a bitch. Carry me to the car. I’ll die here. I’ll die, and without me you’re nothing. You know that.”
It considered the proposal. Then reached into its pocket and offered a bottle of painkillers. I blinked at them.
‘You’re giving them to me?”
Its hand did not move. I took the bottle. It crouched and scooped me up in its arms, lifting my weight like I was made of feathers. But a moment before we set off I glanced up. A faint flicker of candlelight could be seen escaping a gaping hole. And, for just a second, I heard the distant sound of crying.
The demon deposited me into the Enforcer van. I picked up the radio and reported my location, then took two pills and lay back. I watched as the creature faded.

*****

A doctor examined me and treatment was administered.
Later, as I lay relishing the effect of painkillers, a group of eight nervous Enforcers stepped in and placed me under arrest. I could not resist. My rights were dead. One of the men asked if I minded being given a shot, for transportation. 
“It would just make everyone feel safer,” he said, “They probably just got some wires mixed or something, Clarence.”
 I said I didn’t mind and a needle was inserted into my arm. The world turned to grey jelly…
I remember being in the back of a vehicle of some kind, watching the world melt past the window. 
“It is a beautiful place, the city,” I told myself, “all those lights and buildings. All those people, all that life… Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful…”
At some point the car journey ended and I was sad, having greatly enjoyed the endless scenery. Men put me on a wheelchair and started pushing me inside. I told them I was fine, I could walk. But they ignored me. That made me sad, but I said nothing.
The wheelchair was pushed through the interior of a building I thought I recognised. As if I might have been there at some point before. But I couldn’t recall when. The people seemed to recognise me. Faces everywhere turned to stare. Some looked horrified, others devastated. One even burst into tears. I thought I knew her, that girl who cried so hard. Blonde hair and a little tiny body. I had met her. But where I wasn’t sure.
Eventually I was wheeled passed a gate. We stopped for a moment and a man wrote in a book. A large woman was there. She looked at me and shook her head sadly.
Then, at last, I was pushed into a small room and the door was closed. It was quiet for a long time. I looked around and saw a sink. 
“How thirsty I am. A drink would be nice.” 
But, I could not reach the tap.
“I should stand up,” I said to myself, “And step over to the tap.”
But I didn’t. And eventually I forgot I was thirsty and it didn’t matter anymore. I slept for a bit and when I opened my eyes again, I was somewhere different. A man was standing before me, and the blonde girl was with him. I knew him too, but couldn’t place my finger on where from. A balding man. So many medals on his chest. They spoke for a while and the blonde girl cried again. And then she left. The man looked at me.
“Why, Jet?” he said, “What the hell happened? We need you. Now more then ever. Why would you do this to me now?”
He was very sad and that made me sad. A second person stepped forward and looked in both my eyes. She rested her fingers on my wrist, poked around inside my mouth, and then nodded.
The world started moving around me and I was fascinated. How could this be happening? It was like I was flying. Wait. I’m in a wheelchair. How strange. Why was I in a wheelchair? I could walk.
I came to a stop in yet another room. Two people were waiting for me, a man and a woman. They talked for a while. Then the man leaned forward and looked into my eyes. He had funny eyes, that man. Magnified by thick spectacles.
“Now don’t resist, Mister Clarence,” he said, “Don’t resist. It will be much easier if you don’t resist…”
I had no idea what he was talking about. And had no idea why I would resist. I looked into his eyes.


EPILOGUE

The cute girl with the brown hair woke me up. I liked her. She seemed sweet and happy. Always smiling, always talking. She often spoke to me and I liked it. Sometimes it wasn’t her. But I always preferred it when it was. When she fed me with the spoon, I did my best not to mess. Because that made her angry, and I didn’t like it when she scolded me.
“We don’t mess our porridge, Jet,” she would say. And the look in her eyes made me feel silly and small.
After breakfast, she led me out into the common area. Here there were always lots of other people. I didn’t know them. Though I sometimes thought many had spoken to me. But I could never remember who, or what they might have said.
 I liked the common area. It was sunny. The brown haired girl sometimes put me by the window and I liked to look out at the little tree. Sometimes she put me by a fish tank, which I also liked. But today it was by the television, which I liked the least. Because I didn’t understand.
“You should watch this,” the brown haired girl said, “It’s important. It’s a very exciting time.”
A man was talking. I thought I might have seen that man before.
“Today I say to you that I have heard your voices,” he said, “I have heard your voices and I have understood. I have looked in the mirror and recognised that I am you.” There was the sound of cheering. “And together we have stood tall and we have been heard.” More cheers. He held up a booklet of papers. “In here is a draft for a new set of magic laws! Laws that change the way we live! Laws that do not shackle us, laws that do not hinder us, laws that release us and allow us to live in society as equals!” The cheers were deafening. “And it is going to be the new law today!”
Some time later, the brown haired woman came and gave me a plastic cup and water. I swallowed the two little stones, drank the water, and continued to look at the television. Then it was more food. Soup normally, sometimes potato salad. Eggs, sometimes peas, sometimes tomatoes. 
And then I was returned to my room where I lay on my bed. If I was not asleep after a while a lady would come and put the needle in my arm. Either way, I slept.
The days were all the same. I did not know when one had finished and another had begun. But I stopped trying to know. And stopped caring.
It went on, and on…
Sometimes people came to talk to me. Once or twice, the blonde haired girl. She was angry and shouted at me. The brown haired girl always asked her to leave.
The balding man once, beside him a tall man with broad shoulders and a woman with short blonde hair. The woman was sad and stroked my cheek.
“Poor boy”’ she said.
“Why? Why would he refuse Rehabilitation?” the balding man said.
 “He was protecting someone,” the blonde woman said. She turned to me. “Is that what it was? Are you protecting someone, Jet?”
“The city is being torn apart,” the broad shouldered man said, “Christ, we need you, you son of a bitch. We need you.”
“The counter-spell?”
“Still more time. My God that damn Crowd Surfing Spell is an enigma. And in the meantime the city is burning.”
A large man came in once. His cheeks were rosy and face bright. He looked at me sadly, shaking his head. “Are you happy, Clarence,” he asked, “Are you happy with what you visualised? With what you imprinted onto the world? Was it the right choice?” 
A gorgeous woman with black hair also came in once, while I was looking out the window. She crouched down beside me, eyes sad. She talked and I looked at her beautiful face. She cried, and smiled.
And the days went on….
Sometimes the brown haired girl shaved me which I liked. The razor tickled my skin.
I noticed that the tree I liked to look at sometimes had bright red fruit on it. They looked delicious. I wished I could taste one. I never did.
The fish tank got new fish. Bright ones. I liked them.
The days went on.
I dreamt about a file sometimes, in a building called Global Net. My name was upon its cardboard folder. I wanted to open it, but couldn’t. When finally I did, there were words and faces inside. I tried to read the words but they were glowing, white hot. And burned my eyes. 
The television showed a scene of horrible destruction - torn buildings and blue uniformed men fighting. There was an explosion and a woman screamed. The brown haired girl gaped at the scene.
“Oh, God,” she whispered, “how can this be happening…?”
The days went on and on…
The tree was no longer little. The brown haired girl left and was replaced by another. I forgot the brown haired girl. The fish died. New ones were added. My body became soft and useless. I never used it.
The days went on and on…
Then, one day, I was sitting and looking out the window. And when I glanced up, a man was walking towards me. He wore a bright blue uniform with medals that jingled on his breast. He smiled at me, a great big broad smile. Then he crouched beside me and rolled a cigarette while he spoke. The new girl said he couldn’t do that, but he looked at her and she went away. A lot of what he said I didn’t understand.
Click, click, click, click…
“I’m sorry, Jet. I’m sorry I can’t let you rest any longer. They need you. It’s time to wake up. The war is here, you see. We cannot make a counter spell that works. The war is here and we need you on our side. We need you fighting for us. Because if you’re on our side, then who can possibly stand against us?” 
He smiled again, then took my face in his hands and gazed into my eyes. The world went white.




Find Balance – Book 3 updates here. Balance - Book 3

Contact the author at: marcodickason@gmail.com

Visit the Balance - Website to learn more about the world of Balance, its characters and its author.

The Balance series is the work of one independent author over many hundreds of hours. If you liked this book please consider supporting the author. Giving a star rating and brief review, at the website where it was purchased, helps give the author exposure.
