


Balance
By Marc Dickason
Copyright 2014 by Marc Dickason
Smashwords Edition

Connect with the author:
Facebook
marcodickason@gmail.com
Visit the official Balance – The Series website
http://balance-book.weebly.com/




BALANCE
By Marc Dickason

CHAPTER 1
The more specific details of the dream slip my mind, but what I do recall with some clarity is seeing the tuxedo for the first time.
I recognised it as the design often referred to with humorous, somewhat clichéd connections to penguins, and noted it was made of the expensive sort of fabric a wise old tailor would rub between thumb and forefinger while nodding in approval.
The suit stood before me, perfectly fitted, buttoned and shining gloriously. What struck me as odd was that a person was suspiciously absent from the expensive clothing. Where a neck and head should have protruded was only empty space.
“I command you reveal yourself,” my dream presence said, and with that a face swam into focus above the empty collar; a human face by all means, but for the light blue skin and pupil-less, blood-red eyes. 
The face looked at me in response, and then I felt the pointy object being forced into my lower back, three inches above my backside. I attempted to reach for the object and realised I was unable to move, but not restrained in any obvious way.
Bizarrely, I did not panic. Not yet.
How long I was in that vulnerable position is a bit of a mystery. It seems to have been only moments, but on reflection it may have been a great deal longer. At some point, the pain in my back becoming unbearable, I spoke again;
“Jet Clarence, mental state awake.” A rather odd and specific thing to say. “Jet Clarence, mental state awake…”
And then I was alone in my bedroom, lying amongst twisted bed covers and gazing up at shafts of early morning sunlight penetrating the curtains.
With mind scrambling to catch up with reality I slipped a hand under my night T-shirt and massaged the aching spot on my lower back.
It took a few more moments before the chaos surrounding me was registered. Every object in my bedroom; bedside table, lamp, chair, and shoes, was sitting as if flung from where I lay.
To my left; the wooden bedside table had been sent skidding across the floor till it came into contact with the wall and could go no further. Looking down the length of my body I saw the chair which normally sat at the foot of my bed, generally covered in discarded clothing, pushed forward till it now sat leaning against my cupboard.
“What the hell…?” Before the words had been formed my eyes were drifting up to the light fixture. It swung erratically, arching through the air above my head as if molested seconds before.
I did not yet see the blood on the wall, but would soon enough.
So there I lay in sleepy confusion, the twittering of early morning birds audible beyond my window, glancing around the room and half expecting to see a sneaky assailant hiding in the corner, pointy object clutched in hand. But I was alone.
Desperate to make sense of the situation I stood, stumbled from my bedroom and into the bathroom.
When I lifted my shirt and turned my back to the mirror, the bright red mark where the pointy object had done its business was visible.
This in itself would have been enough to get me alarmed, but upon returning to my room I now spotted the blood on the wall; the shape and size of a starfish.
At first I could not imagine from where it had originated, but the source revealed itself at my feet.
Critter was my mom’s boyfriend’s cat. He had been flung against the wall with enough force to kill him instantly.
“Oh no…” I muttered, my hand clapping itself over my mouth.

* * *

It was no secret in the Clarence household that Critter and I did not see eye-to-eye. On more than one occasion it had been hinted at that I disliked the fat, stupid animal. On other occasions I had been out-rightly accused of hating him, who knew why.
If forced to be honest, I thought of Critter the same way that some might view a disease-infested rat. And no, the irony that “Critter” was a sort of self-fulfilling name in that case was not lost on me. From his pointy little ears which sprouted puffs of black hair, to his flat face that looked as if it had been the victim of a door slamming, I loathed Critter. Always slinking around and purring with that smug look, like he had just found a cure for cancer and was expecting praise.
But I did not kill Critter, and would not kill any animal. At least not on purpose. And the fact that the little bastard was dead put me in a whole world of trouble. My mind had not begun to process how the murder had occurred.
Clinton, Critter’s before mentioned owner, was the only person I saw less eye-to-eye with then the ridiculous creature itself. This may or may not have something to do with the fact that the man was an unemployed drunk, but to put it in a nutshell we did not get along.
And I was certain cat homicide was not going to serve as the bonding occasion that brought us closer together. 
It was about 5:45am when I crept downstairs, snuck into the kitchen and stole a garbage bag from the drawer.
By 6:00am I had Critter in the bag; a process that took about fourteen minutes longer than I thought it would. The delay being time spent gathering the courage to handle a bloody feline.
And it was just after 6:06am when I stepped into the crisp morning air and began to dig a hole in the back garden. Having not been able to find the actual hole digging shovel I was forced to settle for the little hand version that had me digging till 6:15am.
Critter was put to rest, bless his furry soul, at 6:35am.
By the time I tiptoed back up to my room I sensed no indication I had been overheard by my mother or Clinton and, as I grabbed a sponge from my bathroom and the scrubbing of the blood stain on the wall began, I felt satisfied that I was in the clear. For the moment.
When my alarm clock went off at 7:30am I descended the wooden staircase as per normal, dressed for work in my standard attire of “whatever happened to be close at hand”.
 I headed for the kitchen to find my mother, Liza, already cooking eggs. Dressed in apron and flattering work clothes one was dared to believe she was a day over thirty five.
Her spectacle wearing boyfriend, Clinton, who hadn’t been polite enough to die during the night and disappear forever, gave me an uncertain smile from the small kitchen table. His appearance on the other hand loudly declared every day of his fifty odd years on Earth.
“Morning, Jet.” he said hopefully.
“Clinton.” A single word was all he was getting, and lucky to have gotten it. I sat across from him and avoided his eyes. My mother looked over her shoulder,
“Want some eggs?”
“Please.”
I sat in silence, half expecting accusation of being a cat murderer. None come. The eggs continued their sizzle in the pan.
“Clinton’s going for an interview later.” my mother said, trying as much to break the silence as to once again convince me her boyfriend was good for more than drinking her money away. As if to validate her statements’ truthfulness, the skinny man offered me a grin.
“Great.” I murmured, letting the room fall back into silence.
After another pause I spoke my mind; “I just had the strangest dream, mother.”
“Oh? Do tell.” she replied, flipping the eggs.
I knew she was sore at me for not accommodating her attempt to involve Clinton in our morning small talk, but had stopped caring long ago.
“I’m wondering if it might not have been magical.” I continued.
“Really?” This got her interest.
Beside me Clinton sunk into his chair, accepting he would have no part in yet another conversation.
My mother had always been the only one in our family with any real level of natural magical ability. Except for my grandmother of course, but since I only saw her once a year at most I hardly considered her to be “real” family. 
“What makes you think it was magical?” my mother asked, and already there was a hint of excitement in her voice.
“Well…” I wasn’t sure how to put it. And besides it was not so much the dream that bothered me as much as moving of objects and dead animal.
The brochures they handed out on the first day of high school always said stuff like “dreams of a magical nature,” but what that meant I wasn’t sure. I had never cared enough to read further. Nowhere had I heard mention of remote manipulation of physical objects.
“I was attacked.” I said, hoping that my mother knew more then I did.
“Attacked?” She slid the eggs onto plates and placed one in front of Clinton. He started eating, thankful to have his mouth occupied.
“Yes, attacked. Something was pushed into my back.”
“Okay. And you saw someone there?”
Someone? Had it been a ‘someone?’ “Some kind of creature with a blue face and red eyes. Not human, I don’t think.”
“Alright,” She put a second plate in front of me and took a seat to my right. “And did this blue guy say anything?”
“No. I looked in the mirror after, there’s a mark on my back.”
She frowned. I stuffed eggs in my mouth and watched her, wondering if she guessed there was more to the story. But she broke into a beaming smile and gave my shoulder a sharp slap. It was supposed to be an indication of congratulations, but succeeded only in making a forkful of egg miss my mouth by an inch. She did these kinds of things, my mother. Odd little gestures of parental affection that should’ve come from a father. I loved her for trying.
“I guess you have an appointment at the Department, then.” she declared, still grinning.
Much later when I thought back on this moment, I often wished I had spotted the misplaced delight my mother had for my development of magical abilities. Yes, in that moment I had just assumed she was pleased to have another magic user in the family, knowing the point of pride it was for her and my grandmother, but I should have guessed it was more. Had I picked up on the situation earlier it would have given me a greater chance to avoid some of the more tragic events that later developed. But then again, in the state of mind I was in those early days asking me to pick-up on any unusual behaviour was akin to asking for a miracle.
“I guess I do.” I responded, trying to work up excitement for her sake but failing. An appointment at the Department of Magic was nothing about which to get excited: queues, wasted hours and stuffy rooms.
“I was thinking,” Clinton started, daring to step into a conversation not specifically about him, “maybe we could have a coffee after you knock off from work. I’ll be out that way after my interview.”
I looked over at him; his expression was that of a man who had just suggested a seal clubbing date and was hoping it would not be taken the wrong way.
“Don’t think I’ll have the time.” I muttered.
 “Well, maybe another day.”
My mother’s previous smile melted, ushering us into yet another awkward silence courtesy of Skinny Clinton.
“Right,” my mother declared, “I need to get to work.” She stood, turned to Clinton, “Best of luck, dear.” kissed his forehead, and stalked out.
I took the cue and abandoned the rest of my toast, not much in the mood for a moment alone with Skinny Clinton. But he wasn’t going to let me go without first dropping the bombshell.
“Have you seen Critter this morning?”
Being a terrible liar I opted to shrug my shoulders unconvincingly, then shuffle from the room and proceed desperately to the downstairs phone. 
I flipped through a phone book, found the number and dialed. But as expected the Department of Magic put me on hold. I listened for as long as I possibly could to a horrific instrumental version of a popular movie theme. When that drove me to consider suicide I hung-up and headed for work.

* * *

Researcher. That was the official title of my job at The Whisperer. Though if they had been honest they would have called it “New-Guy-Hell.”
You see The Whisperer is not so much a magazine as it was the single biggest load of completely fabricated celebrity bullshit it’s possible to bind between two glossy covers. It preferred to be called a “gossip magazine,” but really, who’s fooled? 
My job was to scour the internet for information or photos that might help to embarrass, or better yet humiliate various celebrities. A good day was when I managed to spot the overlooked nipple of a popular female star in a new photo, and let me tell you there is something very wrong with your life when you get excited about a cheeky nipple for all the wrong reasons.
I’d worked there for only a few months and already been reduced to turning in information about celebrities’ pets to fulfill my daily quota of “ten items of interest”. That was what three years of studying journalism had got me; a “ten items of interest” daily quota and a salary that still had me living with my mother.
It wasn’t all bad, though. The lively environment of The Whisperer offices was a buzzing hive of activity, populated by interesting characters and flirty ladies. 
A quirky, heavyset girl named Marge regularly brought in cookies, always quick with wisecracks and somehow inexplicably comfortable with her position as “comic relief”. The boss, a strikingly handsome man named Chad, was hard on everyone and constantly fretting about the deadline, but deep down we all knew he had a heart of gold. And then there was Cindy. Gorgeous despite her approachable demeanour, sarcastic but only in the most lovable fashion, and man oh man could she kick up a storm when one of her team was being exploited…
That’s all a lie. The part about the wacky office colleagues at least; my job really was shit. Marge, Chad and Cindy will not be making an appearance in this story. In reality The Whisperer offices were as dull as it’s possible to be without being a concentration camp. 
My desk, quietly sitting in a corner that seemed less well lit than the rest of the office, was positioned so as to be just beyond talking range of the next person. You might think that this had just been a small lack of foresight in office layout, but it soon became clear that this was a well-planned decision. It had become apparent that any person holding the job of “Researcher” would soon be reaching out to other human beings in frantic desperation; a pathetic attempt to remain sane. So clearly the correct course of action had been to place the soon-to-be-insane employee’s desk on the fringe of “inside voice” distance. All the better to let them sink alone, without dragging others down for the ride. Much like kicking well-anchored vines away from a man being consumed by quick sand.
It occurred to me that others probably did not make such detailed observations about their environment, but it was something that I found myself doing often. In fact I held it as a personal matter of pride to see things that most did not; like spotting a deeper level of the world lingering just below the surface. You might walk through The Whisperer offices a hundred times and not notice my previous observation, but I managed to pick it up on my very first day on the job.
My eyes drifted to my PC monitor, currently displaying what may or may not have been an aging female singer exposing her panties while climbing from a limo.
I had not yet got round to braving the Department of Magic’s cruel “on hold” music a second time. The truth was that the more I thought about it, the more I began to fear what the government’s reaction would be to my transgression. It was no secret that harsher punishment had been dealt out to those who broke magical laws as of late, and what penalties I might pay was starting to become a concern. After all, what I had unintentionally done seemed to be something that could be a dangerous hazard. Not by any means the worst magical hazard I had heard about, but something that might ruin the days of unsuspecting civilians. What the normal procedure was in this case I did not know, but I was reminded of a rather disturbing picture I had seen in that brochure they handed out on the first day of high school… 
Just then a hand descended on my shoulder and I jumped.
“Well, well, well, surfing the snatch on company time.” a voice said.
It was Brent, a late twenties graphic designer from a section of the building that remained a mystery. The only person I considered to be a friend from the bowels of The Whisperer. We only made a bit of small talk when bumping into each other in the kitchen, but that was more than the casual “good morning, good bye” banter I had going on with everyone else.
“She’s nearly fifty,” I responded.
“Really? Who’s it supposed to be?”
“Does it matter?”
“Not really.” He leaned in over my shoulder for a closer look, “That’s an awfully provocative pair of panties for a fifty year old. I’ll bet she’s a minx, even if she is old enough to be my mother.”
“You are aware of the incredible level of Freudian depths you just ploughed?”
“Ah. Yes, very clever.” He sat on the edge of my desk and scratched at the little goatee that lived on the tip of his chin. It was the most finely trimmed and nurtured piece of facial hair I had ever seen, putting my own rather scruffy stubble, which existed because I’m too lazy to shave, to horrible shame.
“Listen, there’s a work thing going on Friday, lunchtime,” he continued, “Cecil’s birthday. You should come.”
“Who’s Cecil?”
I suppose I should have been happy I was being invited to something, a chance to get to know some of my work associates and solidify my place in the company. But besides the fact I was not much in the mood for social occasions, the truth was I couldn’t imagine a more agonising way to spend my Friday. Since promotion seemed about as likely as a shower of frogs I had no interest in the company or its people.
“You know, Cecil!” Brent said, “That guy who does that job. Good old Cecil, what a character.”
“You have no idea who he is, do you?”
“None. But look, it’s my responsibility, okay? I got shafted with the damn office team-building bullshit in my section and I have to make sure people show-up.” He paused, then added a hook; “Claudia will be there.”
I racked my brain, “The girl at the front desk?”
“That’s the one, what a fox. She can’t stop talking about you.”
I doubted this. I had said a total of one sentence to her. It went; “I’m here about the job.” My instincts told me that blonde haired Claudia the Receptionist preferred guys that could afford to take her some place other than a fast food joint.
To spare Brent’s feelings I made a show of being torn with the difficult position, even going as far as to sigh in disappointment. “I’d like to, Brent. Really, I would. But I’ve got an appointment at the Department of Magic.”
Brent stared at me, studying my face. I nearly burst a blood vessel forcing myself to hold eye contact and not let slip a telltale sign of deceit. The effort didn’t pay off.
“You’re lying.” he declared, “I’ve seen jars of mustard with more magical ability than you.”
My bluff had failed. And I for one had the common decency to not draw out a defeat. “Yes I am. But just for the record; I really could have an appointment on Friday.”
“At the Department?” His attitude changed gear to genuine interest.
“Yes. I had a dream.”
“Ah. I hope you changed the bed sheets.”
“Ho ho.”
His eyes narrowed, he looked at me in a manner that suggested for the first time. “I honestly didn’t take you for a magic user. What’s your Spirit Level?”
“No idea, I’ve never had it measured.” I replied, “Doesn’t interest me enough to willingly subject myself to six hours of queues in a stuffy government building.”
“But rules is rules.” he said jovially. A sinister grin turned the corners of his mouth upwards; suggesting new cards had been dealt while I was distracted. “The up-side is that I have the means to help you jump to the front of the queue, effectively circumnavigating those six long, blasphemous hours dealing with the body odour of the fat guy that will inevitably be in the seat next to you.” He paused for effect. “It just so happens that my brother, Benny, is a Junior Enforcer.”
“You’re shitting me.”
He shook his head. “I shit you not. He could handle your Spirit test personally and have you registered before lunch.” Another pause. “So I’ll see you at Cecil’s birthday? No need to bring a gift, your heartfelt best wishes will do.”
I hesitated, but it was futile. Check and mate. “Claudia will really be there?”
“Sure. But your chances of getting with her are about equal to dandelions suddenly springing out of my ass.”
“Great.”
He took out his wallet, fished for a business card and handed it to me. “Good luck. Benny’s a bit of an odd one. He made a guy eat his own liver once.”

* * *

It was true that Enforcers had a reputation, validated by endless amounts of rumours, for either being creepy, overly flamboyant, odd, or just plain scary. I had on many occasions presented a wacky “Celebrity Enforcer” story as one of my “ten items of interest”. Most concerned reports that one had been spotted doing something inexplicable, or had been confirmed to have a bizarre fetish; including goat fondling, making love to a goldfish or perhaps rolling around naked in chicken feathers. Take your pick, it was all as substantial as any other celebrity news. I had never heard of an Enforcer making a person eat their own liver, and was sure, not in the least because of the logistics involved, that it was not possible to do so. The thought did linger in my mind.
Although being ludicrously easy to identify by the theatrical uniform, one that would, in my opinion, seem far more at home in a military ceremonial event, I had seen only a handful of real Enforcers in my life. And that was just in passing, glimpsed on the street or perhaps hovering around in a building lobby. 
Upon entering the Department of Magic building I was greeted by the sight that turns even strong men’s blood cold; a queue of seated civilians, all looking as though they were secretly hoping for a quick death to relieve them from the tedium, winding its way in a zigzag fashion to a row of teller windows. I was grateful for my free pass.
To my left behind a tiny wooden desk sat an obese frowning woman. I approached with caution, my footsteps deafeningly loud in the otherwise silent hall.
“I have an appointment with Benny Kingston.”
She gave me a dedicated scowl and consulted an open book on the desk, “Jet Clarence?” I nodded. “Door across the hall, turn left, office is on your right.”
I headed for the door, feeling a little smug as I skirted the queue and drew envious gazes. It opened onto a narrow passage and I turned left, soon found the door labeled “Benny Kingston” and knocked.
“Enter.”
Inside the office was roughly the same size as a jail cell. Benny Kingston I assumed, sat behind the desk, eyes fixed on a computer monitor that could have told more stories about the “good old days” than I cared to hear. He was a thin clean-shaven man with only one real distinguishing feature; a nose that would have felt comfortable in profile on a roman coin. All this apparent ordinariness was absurdly contrasted by that ridiculous Enforcer’s uniform. Blue blazer, protruding gold buttons, a jingling collection of what appeared to be decorative medals on the left breast, and although I could not currently see them, I knew the polished black boots sat below the table.
“Benny Kingston?” I enquired.
He gestured to the guests’ seat, an uncomfortable looking chair, without taking his eyes from the monitor.
I sat, aware that a powerful feeling of claustrophobia was setting in like a foot of whale blubber.
Apparently forgetting I was in the room Benny continued to stare with intense concentration at the monitor, leaving me in awkward silence.
So I leaned back, fingers locked in my lap, and chose a section of blank white wall above his head at which to stare.
The moment drew on; he didn’t cough or so much as clear his throat. To my left the plain white clock on the wall ticked; a sound I would never have believed could be so loud. 
I’m not a person who finds himself easily put into a state of discomfort, so I was surprised to realise that the level of awkwardness was fast becoming unbearable. 
Finally I opened my mouth to make some kind of indication I was still in the room, and as I did Benny’s head snapped up.
“So you surf porn for a living, huh?” he said brightly. It was not a question.
“Sort of,” I responded, feeling relieved though not understanding why. “That’s part of it.”
“If I got paid to surf porn I’d be a rich man.”
“Well, I’m not.”
He grinned again. “You said over the phone you had a dream?” 
“That’s right,” I confirmed, shifting about in my chair in an effort to avoid my legs going numb, “last night.”
Here one might have mentioned the poltergeist objects and dead cat.
“I see.” He nodded, then leaned down and took a plastic pouch from the desk’s top drawer. I got the impression that the pouch must contain some kind of magical paraphernalia, but he opened it and tipped a mountain of tobacco onto the desk’s surface. “And this dream was significant to you?”
“It made an impression.” I said, watching as he started to sift through the tobacco with his fingertips, separating larger chunks into a second pile. “I was attacked by a guy with a blue face.”
“You recognised this guy?”
“No.”
“Okay.”
“Afterwards there was a red mark on my back. That’s what worried me.”
“Nothing to be worried about. You were attacked by a demon.” He said this as if it held no significant impact.
 I paused, absorbing the words. “Is that not a bad thing?”
“Well, it’s not a good thing, per se, but it is good confirmation your Spirit levels are high. No one squanders their time digging for potatoes in unfertile soil, if you catch my meaning. Would be a waste, right? Just sand and earthworms.”
“So I’m not in any danger?”
He hesitated. “Actually, you’re in a fair amount of danger. I was trying to lessen your anxiety.”
“Oh. What kind of danger?”
“If left unchecked the demon will grow in strength and eventually… feed on you. If that continues, it can be very bad for your mental health.” He paused, then added; “Sorry.”
I stared. The words did not register. “What? Feed on me?”
“Don’t sweat it; it takes a long time for a demon to reach that level. You’ll have it sorted out long before then.”
“Okay.”
“The plus is you can learn a few spells. Impress girls, be the life of the party. That sort of thing.”
Satisfied that his tobacco was now sorted, he reached down and took a second pouch from the drawer. From this he extracted a pinch of new tobacco that was sprinkled onto the original pile. I watched the process with fascination. It was not the first time I had seen a person handling his or her own tobacco, but the methodical way in which he went about it seemed misplaced.
“So what does this mean?” I asked. “Are there… side effects?”
I was fishing for information, hoping he’d mention something useful about avoiding further accidental pet mutilations.
“Two things,” he declared, “Firstly, we will need to measure your Spirit level. Secondly, should your Spirit level be above average, I will have to register you. Beyond that, it’s really up to you. If you want training that’s on your own buck, the government doesn’t cover it.” He now took a rolling paper from his top pocket and started to roll a cigarette. 
“Wait. What? You said I need this training to avoid being fed on by my demon.”
“Yes.”
“The government doesn’t cover that?”
“No.”
“You can tell me I need it, but not give it to me?”
“Correct.”
“Great.”
“Tell me this, how much do you actually know about magic? Read any books? Got a user in the family?”
“My mom.”
“And what is her Spirit level?”
“I’m not sure.”
“You never asked?”
“No. Well, she’s told me before, but I don’t remember.”
“Okay, and what is her chosen field of magic?”
I racked my brain for the exact words. “Illusion, Influence and Manipulation.”
“That’s a broad field. More specifically?”
“I’m not sure.”
His frown managed to make me feel like a dog that had just messed on the rug. “Her name?”
“Liza Clarence.”
“Liza Clarence.” He repeated, placing the perfectly rolled cigarette between his lips and punching a few keys on the keyboard. His eyes scanned information on the monitor as he pinched the thumb and forefinger of his left hand. A small flame sprang forth from between the fingers and ignited the cigarette. A not too impressive bit of magic, I’d seen it before. “It says here your mother is a competent Influencer.”
“Right. That’s it.”
“Your father?”
“He’s dead.”
“And was he a user?”
“Not as far as I know.”
He squinted at the monitor. “It says here… your father died under suspicious circumstances…”
“What? No. He had a heart attack when I was young.”
“I’m reading it right here, Jet; ‘died under suspicious circumstances’. But the case was closed almost immediately after being opened, so I guess it was nothing.”
“It must be a mistake, I’m telling you it was heart attack, I was there, I saw it.”
“Yes? What happened? If you don’t mind me asking.”
“Not at all, it was a long time ago…”
I cast my mind back to the events of my father’s death, something about which I thought as little as possible for obvious reasons, and drew up a memory.
 I had been standing looking down at my father as he lay on his back, arms spread on either side of his body. My mother had been kneeling beside him, screaming herself near hoarse.
“What’s wrong with dad?” I had asked, my voice calm for a child witnessing the death of his father.
And my mother, looking up at me as if just realising I was present, responded…
What had she said?
Try as I might I could not remember the words, though the impression they were ones that had caused me emotional grief remained strong.
Benny watched me as my brow furrowed.
“You okay?” he asked.
“Sure,” I muttered, “I just don’t really remember the events very well.”
“Interesting.” As he pondered this he had one long drag, then took an ashtray from the drawer and stubbed out the un-smoked cigarette. The ashtray was overflowing with similarly abandoned cigarettes.
“What’s interesting?”
“Vague memories are sometimes a sign of having been manipulated.”
“You think I was manipulated? Magically?”
“I never said that.” he replied, “I just said it’s interesting. Besides, the case was closed so I’m sure it’s nothing. Now, let’s do your test, shall we?”
“Okay.” I shifted my position again. 
“What can you tell me about your time here so far, Jet?” The question was accompanied by a smile and sweeping gesture of the room.
I squinted at him. “Is this the test now?”
“Just answer the question.”
“Well, is it?”
“You’ve already had the test.” Another smile.
“I’m confused.”
“Good. Then the test worked. Now, tell me about the time from when you entered the room up till now.”
I decided to play along. “I came into the room, you told me to sit and I sat down.”
“Is that what happened?”
I thought about it. “You never actually said sit down, you gestured to the chair, and then I sat down.”
“Right. And then?”
“And then what?”
“How did you feel?” he prompted.
“I remember feeling a bit claustrophobic.”
“Good, yes. And then…”
“I was about to talk, but you spoke first.”
“Exactly. And how long do you think you sat in silence before you started to speak?”
“A minute or two.”
“Two minutes and thirty seven seconds,” he declared as if this fact held significance. “Would it amaze you to know that some have sat there in complete silence for nearly a full hour? Others have simply stood and left, never having exchanged a word with me, so deep was their confusion. They failed.”
“Failed? I’m sorry I’m still not following.”
“I’ve measured not your Spirit Level, Jet my old chum, but rather your natural defence against Spirit attacks. You were under attack the moment you stepped through the door. The room, the clock, your chair and my attitude, were all a very well planned attack. But you broke the effect in just two minutes and thirty seven seconds, not bad.”
I hesitated. “Is this the real test? Talking nonsensical shit and seeing if I’ll buy it?”
He threw back his head and laughed. “No, but extra points for that.” Leaning forward, he spoke the next words with deliberation; “Mental Manipulation and Influence. I suspect, since your mother is a practiced user of similar techniques, you have picked up a strong resistance, regardless of whether you know it or not.”
“So you made me uncomfortable and waited to see how long I would tolerate it?” I asked, still not understanding.
He nodded. “It was just the basis of an attack. It could have gone much further, depending on intention. It may have progressed to making you believe you were a wildebeest, for example.”
“A wildebeest, right. The tobacco thing was part of it?”
“No,” he said, “The tobacco thing is my Primary Crutch. But that’s not important, you’ll learn about that later, if you choose to have training.”
“Did you make a guy eat his own liver?” The words were out of my mouth before I could stop myself.
He stared at me, expressionless. “Did I make a guy eat his own liver? Are you serious?”
“I heard a rumour.”
“Did you even stop to think about what that would involve, logistically? How would I have gone about doing it? Surgically extracting it, then serving it with a bit of apple sauce and hoping the victim will go along for the experience?”
I shrugged. “Yes well, when you say it that way it does sound a little impossible.”
“It’s very possible. Weren’t you listening? Surgery and apple sauce. And yes, I could make a man eat his own liver. As to why I would do it is another question.”
“Right.” My mind struggled to keep up. “What about the fire from the fingertips thing? How do I do that?”
“Well, that’s a different field altogether; Self Deceit, a branch of Reality Manipulation. It involves having a mental discussion about the nature of combustion, friction and heat. And if your mind is convinced, at that moment, that having fire spring forth from your fingertips is logical, it will be so.”
“I’m still a little confused here…”
“Yes well, you may have a high Spirit Level, but your grasp of the basics is not very strong, Jet. I’ll register you. What you plan to do now is up to you. But since you have been targeted by a demon, I would strongly recommend you seek advanced defence training.” He took a business card from his top pocket and handed it to me, then turned his attention to the monitor. “Full name?”

CHAPTER 2

All in all, the Department of Magic had been about as helpful as I expected. That is to say; not helpful in the least. Knowing who I was and of what I was capable was the government’s main concern. Up and above that I was on my own.
It was not every day you were told that a demon was looking to make you its personal buffet, and although I was not even sure what that meant, it sounded like something worth avoiding. I racked my brain, trying to recall where this creature may have come from. Nothing came to mind, and as I exited the Department of Magic I realised it was with more questions than when I had entered.
But at that moment I had more pressing issues to consider, namely; Critter the departed cat, a feline that managed to make my life less pleasant even from beyond the grave. I could just have claimed he had run away, but this would require acting and lying in equal parts. And since I was notoriously bad at both an alternate plan was prudent.
My solution, an ingenious idea which came to me as I climbed back into my feeble car, was one that can only be described as “inspired”.
I would buy an identical cat and replace Critter before anyone noticed; the traditional solution. One used by parents the world over who had forgotten to feed their child’s goldfish.
So it was off to the nearest pet store, where upon describing Critter I learned the filthy wretch was in fact a “Persian”, and for who knew what reason that made him worth more than my afore mentioned feeble car. Almost, but not quite, literally.
By chance the pet store had a cat of a very similar colour, except that I estimated the black patch on the animals head to be extending a few inches more along the neck. Given circumstances, I could not have hoped for a better match.
So after debating the situation for twenty minutes, weighing up the ludicrous cost against the potential drama, I decided to buy Critter 2 on the spot. The feeling of handing over what constituted most of a month’s pay was, in a nutshell, like being kicked repeatedly in the genitals.
Critter 2 was loaded into a convenient carry cage, free with your purchase of an overpriced animal, and I carted him out to the car.
As I sat looking at the fat cat on the passenger seat, noting his placid expression, I wrestled with the idea that I might make friends with this animal. That perhaps since I had bought him myself me and the furry hippopotamus could be friends.
“Who’s a pretty cat?” I said, poking my finger into the cage. He responded with a dry hiss and slashed at my finger, drawing a drop of blood. It seemed that Critter 2 in every sense of the word was the true reincarnation of himself.
Wincing in annoyance and sucking at my injured finger, I put my car into gear and headed off.
* * *

Since I had taken the day off for my appointment, not that I believed anyone would notice my absence, I decided to stop in at The Sushi Palace for a free cup of coffee.
It was the restaurant at which my mother was owner and general manager, and honestly the place had one of the most inexplicably inviting atmospheres of which I knew.
My car, a vehicle so desperately in need of mechanical attention it had every excuse to simply burst into a fireball and kill me, survived the second trip for the day. The Sushi Palace’s parking lot was remarkably full for one o’clock on a weekday, but I found a parking space and after opening the window a crack for Critter 2, headed for the restaurant’s front doors.
Inside I spotted my mother doing what she did best; making delightful conversation with guests. The young couple which she currently engaged looked so unabashedly charmed that they might dislocate their jaws from the maniacal smiling. 
After casting my mother a greeting wave which she acknowledged with a curtsey, I proceeded to an isolated table on the restaurant’s exterior wooden deck. From here there was a view of a small garden situated at the building’s rear, including a decorative pond and selection of flowering plants. 
I sat and a petite young waitress approached to take my order. I recognised her from the previous times I had visited, though I never could remember her name. (Linda).
My mother had on more than one occasion hinted that I ask Linda out, and although she was attractive in a fragile sort of way, I always found the girl to be a little… creepy? Overbearing?
“Hey, Jet! How are you?!” Linda squeaked, her smile so blindingly bright and genuine that I felt compelled to lean backwards out of its glare.
“Hi, Linda.”
“Your mom said you might stop by! I was hoping you would! It’s so great to see you!” 
I flinched as she unloaded the words; even an exclamation mark on every sentence didn’t help to capture the unrelenting enthusiasm which was her standard M.O. of communication.
“Just stopped in for a coffee,” I said, “Had an appointment at the Department.”
She gasped in response, a reaction done with such commitment you would be forgiven for thinking I had just told her I was pregnant.
“That’s right! Your mom said you were going to have your Spirit Level measured! Did they do it?! Is it high?! That’s so exciting!”
“Above average. Could I get a coffee, please?”
“Yes! Absolutely!”
“Great. Thanks, Linda. Two sugars.”
“Coming right up!” She turned and flounced back inside; even the way she walked demanded an exclamation mark.
As I waited for my beverage I realised that Clinton sat at a table further up the deck, nursing a beer and eyeing me over his spectacles. Guess who had crashed and burned at yet another job interview?
I gave him a reluctant half nod and he smiled in response, probably trying to decide if he should invite himself to join my table. I hoped with every fiber of my body he was smart enough to know how bad an idea that was.
What had poor Skinny Clinton done to me? Nearly a year he had lived under my mother’s roof, and for nearly a year he had achieved only one thing; destroying any and all beers that entered his personal space.
Linda returned with my coffee and placed it on the table. Following my gaze, she turned and saw Clinton.
“Oh! Isn’t that your father over there?!”
“He’s not my father,” I said, barking the words with more volume than intended.
“I’m sorry!” She mewled, even when apologising her voice begged to be selling trinkets on an early morning infomercial. “I just thought…”
“Never mind. It’s okay.” I felt my cheeks burn with embarrassment. Clinton was not so far away that I didn’t think he had overheard.
Linda hovered, the frown that occupied her brow so rare it wasn’t sure what it should be doing.
“Are there any donuts in the kitchen today?”
“I’ll go check!” She hurried off.
For a minute I avoided looking in Clinton’s direction and sipped my coffee. I let my eyes instead wonder over the activities of the restaurant, gazing through the glass sliding door that separated the deck from the main area. Inside I saw waiters and waitresses attending tables of guests, the events playing out in muted silence from my perspective. It was remarkable how efficient and professional the employees were in The Sushi Palace, almost to a level of absurdity. There was not a single face not smiling and not a solitary staff member who did not appear to be busy with something important. Comparing this situation to the atmosphere at The Whisperer would be comparing a plate of fresh sushi to a rotting fish corpse, and trying to argue that they were in principal the same thing.
My mother floated over and took a seat at my table, smiling radiantly, as she always did in her work environment.
“Linda likes you.” she crooned, nodding in the direction of Linda’s retreat.
“She’s nice.” I muttered, wondering if my ears would ever stop ringing from the assault of the girl’s voice.
I sipped my coffee. Over my mother’s shoulder I caught a glimpse of Clinton half rising, then thinking better of it and sinking back into the seat. 
“So, tell me about your appointment.” my mother continued.
“Above average” I replied.
“Wonderful! Your gran will be so pleased.”
Gran would be pleased? It struck me as an odd thing for her to say. I could not recall an instance in my life when my grandmother, Fran, had spoken a word to me about magic, or the expected use of it. What I did recall with some fondness was the covert conversations my mother and her had shared in my youth: giggling talks that went on till early hours of the morning, me lying sleepily under the table. It had been a safe place; a good place. Why those particular memories returned to me at that moment was a bit of a mystery…
“Why will gran be pleased?” I asked. 
In response my mother smiled and changed the subject; “Will you go for training?”
“Well,” I said, taking the business card from my top pocket, “He recommended I go for defence training.”
I handed her the card and she read it aloud; “‘Selena Stephania: Mental Fortification, Defence and Countermeasures.’ Are you going to call?”
“I’m not sure, not exactly cheap.”
That was an understatement. Advanced training to my limited knowledge, the real kind, not the kind done by a fat man in his back yard that possessed only a diploma printed on tissue paper to prove his professionalism, cost an arm and a leg. This may have been the primary reason that the majority of people with high spirit levels never did learn more than a single magical parlour trick. My experience had been that party tricks were a firm favourite. The cigarette lighting “flame from fingers” demonstrated earlier was a common choice.
“I’m sure if you want it, you’ll find the money,” my mother declared, “I can give you a loan, you just have to ask.”
“We’ll see.” I muttered, doing a quick calculation; what was Clinton costing her on booze alone?
As I sat weighing up my options, a thought that had been bothering me since the Department of Magic returned. It was not something I spoke about often with my mother, or, in fact, at all.
“Mother,” I began, surprised to hear the level of reluctance in my own voice, “I noticed something odd a bit earlier.”
“What is it, dear?”
“I was thinking about the day dad died.”
The previous expression of delight evaporated from her face and I regretted bringing up the subject. “What about it, dear?”
“Well, the Enforcer asked about it, and when I tried to tell him I couldn’t really remember anything. It’s a bit strange, but the whole day seems a bit... vague. Is that normal?”
“It’s not strange.” she replied reassuringly, “It was a long time ago. No one likes to dwell on depressing history; we forget and get on with our lives. That’s called acceptance, Jet.”
It made perfect sense and relief washed over me. I had had the most peculiar sensation that the vague memories were significant in some way, but realised then that I had simply been making a mountain out of a molehill.
She smiled at me and I smiled back.
Linda returned with a plate of doughnuts, her expression suggesting she had discovered a priceless artifact lost for centuries. “Look what I found! Doughnuts!” 
“I’ll just leave you two alone.” my mother said, casting me a sly wink. My heart sank.

* * *

That night I was attacked for the second time.
I remember looking down at a penguin lying motionless on its back. It appeared to be a perfectly normal animal but for the fact it was a distinct, light blue colour.
Thinking it might be injured, and being a person who respected the well-being of Antarctic, if that’s where penguins are from, mammals, I bent to offer the creature assistance. That had been a mistake, because the devious critter had not been a normal animal at all. It turned its head to look at me with eyes that consisted of nothing but a sickening red colour. And then the pain started.
First, I noticed that both my arms were locked in position across my chest, held by what appeared to be a pair of vice-like hands. What followed was a feeling like the knuckles of a fist being driven relentlessly into my ribcage.
Above me, the blue penguin gazed down with a complete lack of emotional response. Yes I’m aware that penguins don’t have much emotion in the first place. But you get my meaning.
The invisible fist continued its assault, and the pain, combined with claustrophobic restriction to my movement, became excruciating. I attempted to cry out in what I assume was an attempt to repeat the “Jet Clarence, mental state awake” trick, but found my mouth not currently taking requests.
As the moment drew on panic began to take root. It escalated to a point that was close to raw terror, and then something peculiar happened. Words burst from my mouth;
“Get away! Get away!” And accompanying both declarations was a sensation like energy, or electricity, pulsing from my body in a crackling wave. The restraining hands were torn from my arms and the knuckled fist was pushed from my ribcage, both sent flying away.
Released I sat up and looked around, only to realise I was awake and sitting in bed.
 The objects in my room, which I had taken the time to rearrange after my previous episode, once again showed signs of being affected by an invisible force. Only this time the effects had been two-fold, with my bedside table splintering where it came into contact with the wall, and my chair managing to gouge a groove into the wooden cupboard. Above me the light fixture was swinging so erratically it almost made contact with the ceiling, squeaking mournfully as it strained to stay attached to the ceiling.
Only then did I notice the blood splatter on the wall to my right. Critter 2, who I had released into the house the day before, had survived only a few hours.

* * *

If you had asked me to rate my first attack on a scale of one to ten, ten being the most horrifically unpleasant experience of my life, I would have probably gone for about a six. The second attack did better, achieving an easy eight.
These were my thoughts as I buried Critter 2 beside his predecessor. I was pleased that my cat burying skills had improved with repetition, and the poor furry beast was safely underground in about half an hour.
“I’m sorry pussy cat.” I muttered as I patted down the dirt. He had been a bit of an aggressive asshole as far as cats went, but I believed we could have been friends given an adequate amount of time. Sadly with my bank balance looking dismal and the fact that burying a third cat seemed almost guaranteed, there would not be a Critter 3. Consequences would have play out of their own accord. 
But these particular consequences seemed the least of my worries. Whatever it was that was happening to me was increasing in intensity, and my concern for potential accidental harm growing in equal amounts.
As I arrived for work I had more or less made up my mind that I needed to come up with the money for defence training. I played with a few options, wondering if a bank would dare loan me money based on my dismal income, or whether some poor sucker could be fooled into buying my car. Neither of these ideas seemed feasible and I got busy with work, logging onto the net and starting a browse of my favourite sleazy websites. I had just come upon an article that eagerly reported an incident involving a suspected convict eating his own liver, but before I could check as to whether Benny played a part I was interrupted. Brent was at my table, cup of coffee clutched in hand.
“How’d the thing go?” he asked nonchalantly, but I detected a glint of real interest in his eyes.
“Okay.”
“Got your Spirit Level?”
“Above average.”
“Nice.” He took a slurping sip of coffee, looking thoughtful. “So? Gonna go for training?”
“Was considering it.”
“Cool.”
“Not sure where I’m gonna get the cash for it.”
“What, you don’t know?”
I shrugged. “What?”
A premature grin suggested he was about to reveal a secret of the universe. “The Whisperer has to cover it.”
“What?”
“Defence training. If it’s to prevent harm to your person, The Whisperer has to cover your training costs.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“Most don’t.” He took another sip of coffee, looking smug. “It was either that or dental, The Whisperer took the defence training route because they assumed they’d never have to actually pay.”
“Wow. How do I…?”
“Ask Claudia for the form.”
“Will do.”
He cleared his throat and scratched at the little goatee.
“Hey, do you ever gamble, Jet?” His attempt at being casual failed.
“Not really.”
“What would you say if I told you…?” But he was cut off.
“Brent!”
A short, balding man was approaching at speed, the suit he wore so perfect and finely pressed it seemed to glow. The sneer on his podgy face suggested he had just caught a horse shitting on his bed.
Brent looked up; his face fell and shoulders sagged. “Paul, I was just…”
But Brent was cut-off a second time. Paul, who I recognised as my boss but had not exchanged two words with since starting work, was so close to Brent that for a second I imagined he might grab the taller man in an embrace. Instead he spoke up into Brent’s face with a commitment to intimidation so fierce it must have been, at the very least, a finely honed hobby.
“You tryna jerk me off?” Paul spat, making Brent recoil an entire step.
“I… no, not trying to jerk you off.” Brent stammered.
“You think I don’t know, Brent. You think I don’t see you sneaking off every five minutes? ‘Going to the bathroom?’ ‘Going to make copies?’” Paul clicked off each set of quotation marks in the air with his fingers, a gesture done with such conviction I expected he might add a full stop at the end of the sentence.
“Well… I was just…” Brent shrunk under the verbal assault. It was painful to watch.
“Where the hell are my design layouts, Brent? Is that what you’re doing right now? Delivering my design layouts?”
“No…”
“Then you must be tryna jerk me off, Brent. Isn’t that right? A quick hand job? Tryna slip me a ‘handy’ while I’m not looking?” The quotation marks were clicked off again. By now the exchange was drawing the gaze of others in the office.
“No, not trying to slip you a handy, sir,” Brent muttered.
“In my office. Now.”
With that Paul let out a shuddering sigh, smoothed out his suit, and stomped off, his stalking stride as practiced as his intimidation.
Brent stood rigid and stared at the floor, his face flushing a red so deep it could have passed for rouge.
“We’ll talk later,” he murmured to me, then followed in Paul’s footsteps for what was likely a good session of being belittled.

* * *

Shortly after I approached Claudia’s desk located in The Whisperer’s entrance lobby. It was an area that had been intended to feel inviting with white tiled floor, bright lights and single pot plant, but I personally found the room to serve only as a reminder I would die penniless.
At my approach Claudia looked up with a face of pure ice and stone.
“Hi, Claudia.” I attempted to deliver the greeting with nonchalant coolness, but it came out sounding like an apology.
“You want something?” She looked at me expectantly, frost dripping from her nose.
“Yes, um, Brent mentioned a form…?”
“I’m riveted.”
“For… training,” I shifted from foot to foot, “For defence training?”
“You want the claim form?”
“That’s probably it, yes.”
She reached down, took a stack of paper roughly equivalent to a small tree from a drawer, and tossed it in front of me.
“Is the form somewhere in this pile?”
“Fill those out, bring them back and I’ll apply for the claim.”
“The whole pile?”
She attempted to kill me with a stare of venom and I accepted it as cue I was no longer welcome.
It took most of the morning to complete the paperwork, having to phone my mother twice for “next of kin” information. One section involved having me describe how severely I felt my life was in danger, giving only “very” and “not at all” as options. I added a third option; “somewhat,” and marked it as my choice.
I handed in the forms just before lunch, feeling rather pleased with my own record time in completing work involving paper and pen. My expectation was that I might have the claim approved in about a month if I was lucky, but was prepared for a much longer wait. It came as somewhat of a shock that as I left for home five hours later Claudia put a single sheet of paper on her desk, freezing me in my steps.
“That’s yours,” she said.
“What?”
She tapped the paper with a finely manicured finger. “Your claim.”
I picked up the sheet; the words “claim approved” leapt out at me, stamped neatly in the upper right corner. I was dumbfounded. “How is this possible?”
“Someone called in and had it pushed through.”
“Who?” 
Having reached her daily quota for words spoken she fell back on the tried and trusted method of staring at me like I was made of faeces.
I scanned the paper for more information and was met with my second surprise. I had been granted time off from work ‘until such time as trainee graduated from defence training.’ It was unthinkable. The Whisperer spent most of its time hoping I would forget to collect my pay cheque, giving me this VIP treatment was so unlikely I assumed there had been some kind of mix up. “You sure this is mine, Claudia?”
“Please go away.”
Deciding it was not in my best interest to gaze into the maw of the proverbial horse, I left for home. With every step closer to my car I fully expected a Whisperer accountant to become aware of the grievous error, leap out from behind a bush and attempt to restrain me.

CHAPTER 3

That night I lay in bed hovering between sleep and consciousness. I slipped into light slumber a few times, but awoke shortly after with heart thumping and eyes scanning the room.
When morning came a combined total of three hours of rest had been achieved, if that. I dragged myself from between the covers, stumbled over to the upstairs landline and made the call for an appointment with Selena Stephania. The secretary put me down for ten that morning, “with the potential for further appointments pending”. I wasn’t sure what that meant, but was in no state of mind to ask questions and hung up
. With brain still feeling like it was wrapped in a wet blanket from lack of sleep, I tottered over to the bathroom for a shower. 
Two hours and about five cups of coffee later I arrived outside the Defence Training offices. It turned out that Selena Stephania operated out of a converted residential house, and it was not in the least bit surprising that the neighbourhood seemed exclusively made up of two and three story mansions. There was not a direction in which I could look that did not present my eyes with green lawns trimmed to perfection, glittering rose bushes that stood smug in the knowledge they had no equal, and decorative water fountains so extravagant they seemed to mock those lowly enough to not be able to afford them.
An automatic security gate, its iron finish all aesthetic swirls, clattered open to allow me onto the Defence Training Office’s property. I traveled for a century up a snaking, pine tree lined driveway, until slipping into a cobblestone parking bay and killing the engine. My car, bless its heart, let out a final belch of choking smoke, just in case anyone had not yet registered I was in an area to which I did not belong.
As I turned to gaze up at the magnificent, green-vine encrusted residence, a formally dressed woman descended the set of marble steps that flanked the building’s entrance. She approached me with a confident stride, the functional but attractive hairstyle and expensive feminine suit leaving no guessing as to the level of professionalism to be expected.
“Jet Clarence?” she enquired, her rolling pronunciation so fitted to the environment that I branded her as a cliché.
“Yes,” I admitted, hoping she would not have security eject me from the premises for not complying with an unspoken “six figure income” rule. “You must be Selena Stephania.”
“No, I’m her assistant. Miss Stephania is waiting for you inside. Please follow me.”
I followed the woman’s lead up the steps and we entered via a pair of gargantuan oak doors. Inside everything was shining silver, polished wood and sparkling chandeliers. We passed through an entrance lobby, between two flights of majestic stone steps and arrived in a waiting area that smelled of leather.
“Have a seat; Miss Stephania will be with you shortly. Coffee?” Although it had been an offer the assistant clicked away on her stylish black shoes before I could answer, leaving me alone.
I gazed around at my surroundings. In one corner sat a display case arranged with glass statuettes, in another was a grandfather clock that appeared so delicately antique I felt terrified looking at it too hard would result in something breaking. As my eyes drifted around the room a feeling of claustrophobia began to set in, despite the fact the area was spacious and roomy.
Claustrophobia? And a ticking clock? Déjà vu. Those practiced in magic enjoyed creating uncomfortable environments, it seemed. I made a conscious effort to resist the effect, and not a moment later a set of double doors swung open and in stepped Selena Stephania.
“Mister Clarence.” A thick Spanish accent dripped from the words. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. Well done on resisting my Ambience Tweak in record time.”
Trying to describe the effect her appearance had in terms of first impressions is almost certainly an act in futility, but to say my breath was stolen is at least a start. Black cascading hair, potent brown eyes and skin naturally bronzed to perfection. The figure hugging white blouse managed to pass for formal, and the grey skirt, hem line hovering tantalisingly just below the knee, made a silhouette of her curvy hips.
“Thank you.” I responded, trying to resist my eyes being magnetically drawn to her nylon clad calves and provocative black high heels. 
“This way, please.” She stepped back and allowed me entrance through the doors, a scent of flowery perfume and expensive skin cream washing over me as I passed.
The new room was a second assault on my senses. It looked and felt large enough to house an airplane, but stood almost completely bare. Sunlight, partially diffused by long dramatic white curtains, was allowed in via a row of large windows along the far wall. In the centre of the marble floor stood the only two pieces of furniture; a heavily padded leather chair and beside it a low leather couch.
Behind me Selena closed the doors; the sound echoed off the dauntingly high ceiling.
“Take a seat, Mister Clarence. Relax, make yourself comfortable.” She gestured towards the couch and I started towards it. The walk seemed to take an age, but finally I sank into one of the low seats, leather squeaking all around me. I had expected her to occupy the chair, but instead she took a position in front of me and started to speak.
“Mental Fortification is what you are here to learn, Mister Clarence. Any good magic user will tell you that a soundly fortified mind is essential. From this base, all other branches of magic must descend. If you do not have a strong foundation, you will not have a strong structure. This is logical, is it not?”
I was hypnotised by her accent, every syllable teasing my ears.
“Yes,” I responded. I would have answered “yes” to just about anything at that point.
“The magical fields are as follows,” she continued, “Spirit Defence, my personal specialty. Illusion, Influence and Manipulation; you have already met Benny Kingston, he is more than competent. Then comes Reality Manipulation, this creates the “flame from fingertips” alteration that is very popular. Under Spirit Defence are the following; Mental Fortification, Illusion Identification and Counter Measures…”
Her words faded till they came from the end of a tunnel. 
The soft sunlight, emanating from the windows to my left, was hitting her body and creating an extraordinary effect of highlights and shadows. My eyes fixed on her lips, taking in every detail; the subtle shade of golden brown lipstick, the tiny mole that sat just below the left corner of her mouth. But as if taking on a will of their own my eyes then began to travel lazily down the length of her body. They lingered around the shapes of breasts visible below the fabric of the blouse, then drifted on over her stomach, hips and thighs. Finally they settled eagerly on the sensual calves.
In a moment I was experiencing the most vivid daydream of my life. My hands were rolling the nylon stocking down her leg, exposing ever more of the luscious skin below.
“Mister Clarence!” Her voice was a sharp chirp, snapping me rudely back to reality. “Were you listening to me? Or were you imagining rolling the stocking down my leg?”
“I… I’m sorry.” My face blushed so hard I could feel heat rising off my cheeks.
“I must say, I’m a little disappointed. You have a mind made of putty. Mister Kingston spoke highly of your performance in his office, and just a moment ago you resisted my Ambience Tweak with ease, but now you have failed to resist even the most basic of attacks.” Her stern tone made me feel pathetically small. Comparisons to a principal’s office are just too obvious to mention. “Women are all masters of their own basic magic, Mister Clarence. Silver necklaces drawing attention to cleavage, hair held up to reveal an inviting neck, and hemlines that allow wondering eyes to a steal glimpses of nylon and leg. If you cannot resist a magic so primal and simple, how exactly do you expect to defend against a demon?”
“I’m sorry,” I mumbled miserably, “I wasn’t thinking…”
“Correct, you were not thinking. And so you left your mind as an open wound, begging to be infected with every bacteria and parasite that wished entrance.”
She let the words hang in the air, reverberating like a ping-pong ball between walls, ceiling and floor. I shrank ever further into my seat.
“Now, Mister Clarence,” she proceeded, lowering her voice and starting a slow pacing movement before me. My head turned to follow her as she clicked across the floor, first one way, then the other. “Do you know what is referred to when one speaks of an Achilles Heel?”
“Yes,” I said quickly, eager to move beyond my previous shame, “A weakness.”
“Correct. It is a weakness or a flaw in an otherwise perfect entity. It may be used to describe a man’s soft spot for a woman, but in this case I will use it to describe a flaw or scar in your mental structure. Understand?”
“Yes.” 
“Good. In order for you to identify your own Achilles Heel, or Achilles Heel’s, should there be more than one, you will need to know yourself. This takes time, and this takes honesty. It can be a both difficult and rewarding experience; it all just depends on how you approach it. Upon locating your Achilles Heel we will likewise locate your demon’s place of birth. Are you prepared to be honest with yourself, Mister Clarence?”
 I nodded. “Yes. Yes, ma’am.”
 She halted in her pacing and frowned. “No need to be so formal, Mister Clarence.”
“Okay.”
Finally she approached the chair and sat facing me, legs crossed and fingers laced on knee, but back straight and posture perfect. “Now, what do you know about Spirit?”
“Not much. It’s the source of magic?”
“Indeed. Everyone has a base amount of Spirit, which means that magic is ever present in the world around us, whether we choose to acknowledge it or not. Spells are cast and people are affected, often in such subtle ways that most barely even register it. Small details, tiny arrangements of an artificial world, it is all magic, even if the most simple kind. However, some may see through this magic from time to time, like glimpsing a secret, mysterious world just below the surface. Do you see that world of magic, Mister Clarence?”
I was unsure what she meant at first, but then thought of my observations concerning the layout of The Whisperer offices, how the desks were arranged to avoid employees verbally communicating. Things suddenly made a bit more sense. “Yes.”
“Good. Observation is the key to resistance in all cases.”  Her voice was softer now, but I did not have to strain to hear the words. “Spirit enters your body in three ways. Breathing, eating and, for those who are of a higher level, through the soles of the feet. What, Mister Clarence, gives some a naturally higher level of Spirit than others?”
I shrugged. “I’m not sure…” My eyes were locked on hers, around us the room seemed to be getting darker. Her voice on the other hand seemed to be getting ever more focused and clear. I made a mental decision to not resist the effect, sensing that this was not the objective of whatever it was she was doing.
“Some are born with it. This is not uncommon. Others, often referred to as late bloomers, acquire higher Spirit as life progresses via emotional and personal changes, or what I refer to as an Achilles Heel. Unfortunately this process also often creates a demon. They are not powerful enough to impose their will at first, but as the Spirit Level increases, so too do the demons that have been born grow stronger. Eventually, they grow strong enough to interact.”
Now the shadows seemed to be darkening, and I realised Selena’s voice was no longer echoing. She gestured with a hand to her right. I looked, and my blood turned to ice. Standing twenty meters away near the door through which we had entered was a demon. It appeared vague at first, but as my mind registered what I was seeing it became clearer, seeming to emerge from the surroundings like an optical illusion. It was as if it had always been there, and only now was I aware. The door handle became a clenched hand, the door frame solidified and became the outline of a long fur coat, the decorative pattern on the door’s oak surface was now a belt. At last there stood a tall, thin creature, its face obscured and out of focus, but body clearly visible dressed in fine clothing. The luxurious fur coat hung draped from its shoulders and brushed the marble floor. Beneath the coat was an evening gown that glittered with decorative sequins, held at the waist by a stylish belt.
“Do not be alarmed, it cannot harm you. It is my own demon,” Selena said, her voice calm and soothing, “hence its identity is not known to you. Should you one day learn its name, the face will become clear.”
“What does it want?” I whispered, unable to tear my eyes from the horrific figure.
At this Selena’s voice took on a sombre tone. “I must be honest, Mister Clarence. And I expect that you too will be honest with me, at all times.” She took a deep breath. “The demons, both mine and yours, wish to feed on Spirit. Unchecked your demon will do so, eventually. And when it does, not only will you be in danger of physical injury, but you will also experience a most severe horror. This will only get worse until soon, no matter how strong you might be; the experience will drive you to insanity. Most likely suicide.”
I recalled Benny saying a similar thing, though I still did not understand what the term ‘feed on your Spirit’ meant. “How quickly will this happen?”
“Sometimes sooner sometimes later. I hope now you understand the severity of your situation. The attacks have already increased in intensity, correct?” 
I nodded, thinking of the two cat corpses in my back garden. “I’ve noticed something,” I muttered diffidently, “when I wake up from a demon attack it seems objects in my room have moved of their own accord.”
“Not of their own accord, Mister Clarence, by your will. Your bottled Spirit is seeking a release. Do not be alarmed, you will learn to control it in time.”
“Okay.”
The figure to our right began to walk towards us, its bearing reflecting the alluring movements of a catwalk model. As it moved the sunlight bounced and glittered off the sequined evening gown, creating a dazzling effect that would have been attractive in other circumstances.
“It’s coming this way.” I gasped. The mere thought of the thing being anywhere near me had the hairs on my arms standing at attention. A voice found my ears, it did not seem to be coming from the direction of the demon, but I had no doubt that it was the source. Feminine and beautiful; the kind of voice you would expect to read the news or perhaps sell an overpriced brand of shampoo in a glitzy commercial.
“Perfection…” the voice crooned. “Perfection…”
Selena waved her hand at the creature, a quick gesture as though swatting at a fly. “Be gone.”
Instantly a pressure released from the air and light returned where it had been absent, allowing the room to expand back to a previous size. I was not aware there had been a contraction to begin with, but the effect suggested this had happened without my noticing. We were sitting as before. The demon was gone, fading back into the background.
“Tell me of your demon, Mister Clarence.” The echo had returned to her voice.
“It’s blue and it wears a tuxedo. In the second dream it was a penguin.”
“I see, very amusing.” Her expression indicated no such amusement.
“How so?”
“Your demon does not yet have the strength to hold its own image and has been altered by your perception. I assume you associate tuxedos with penguins?” I nodded. “And so it took on that form. In time it will gain strength and be capable of generating its own appearance.”
“It will be a menacing penguin?”
“It’s real appearance, Mister Clarence.” She paused. “When you are ready, you will face my demon and practice asserting control. This will be an important step to controlling your own demon. Shall we begin?”
I swallowed hard. “Yes.”
“Then return tomorrow. And we shall find your demon.”
“Tomorrow…?”
“Sí. When you return, answer me this; what makes you angriest?”
“What makes me angriest?”
“Sí. Anger is a most common outlet of Spirit. When we discover where you are spending your Spirit, we will surely discover where your demon was born. Now go.” She unceremoniously gestured towards the door.

* * *

By the time I returned home my mind was a hurricane. It felt as if a barrier had come crumbling down, letting a torrent of previously ignored information come pouring in to dominate my mentality. I had gone from bad dream, to demon, to suicide, in the course of three days.
Things that I had previously given about as much thought to as the eating habits of a moose were suddenly the single focus of my life. The feeling was surreal. Overwhelmingly surreal. Like learning that you had accidentally put on a pair of sunglasses and forgotten you were wearing them, only to have then removed a decade later and realise you had come to believe the world was tinted, by default.
Angry? What makes me angry?
I had to think. This was now a matter of life and death. Find the demon or be driven to insanity and suicide.
Driven to insanity? Was that even possible? Yes. I believed it was. The panic that had gripped me during the second attack had been a new experience. Never before had I felt so completely helpless, so completely at the mercy of an exterior force. The idea that there was no escape, that there was no resisting the assault on my body, was the most terrifying thing I had ever been faced with. Not only the pain, but the fact that in that realm, in that dream world, there may well be no end to the torture. In that realm it may seem a lifetime, or even eternity. Insanity.
I entered the house and started to pace a frantic circle at the foot of the steps. What made me angry? What a vague question. No, it had been; what made me angriest. Options flashed into my mind; traffic. Yes, that pissed me off something fierce; traffic and bad drivers. I wasn’t a very angry person by nature, but having to sit for unpredictable hours heartily snorting up poisonous fumes, just to get to a job that satisfied me about as much as a block of ice in my shorts got me a little hot under the collar.
My job. As long as we’re talking about ice in my shorts, let’s go for the whole nine yards, shall we? So boring it was almost certainly a form of torture. Hours ticking by. My life ticking by. A company that pretended so hard I didn’t exist most avoided eye contact, just in case I started assuming I had the right to speak.
Critter had made me angry, the filthy, fat monster of a feline. He had made me angry and look at him now…
Well, perhaps when I said “I’m not a very angry person by nature” I was stretching the truth a bit. In fact, it was a wonder I didn’t have demons crawling out of the wood work.
The phone rang and I snatched up the receiver, managing to not break the pattern of my pacing.
“Yes?”
“Jet? Brent.” The voice sounded foreign, an intruder from an outside world. My mind was still grappling frantically with current events, and sleep deprivation was starting to take its toll. “Heard you managed to get some time off. You know, they don’t pay you if you look at porn on your home PC.”
I gathered my thoughts. It was the first time a person from The Whisperer had called me at home.
“Brent?”
“That’s what I said. You okay, buddy? You sound a little… disorientated.”
“I’m fine. I mean, I’m not really fine. It’s been a crazy day.”
“Yup. I hear you, buddy. Benny went through the same thing. I understand training can be a real kick in the nuts.” A pause. “Let’s grab a beer at lunch.”
“I’m not sure it’s the best time, Brent.”
“Hey, don’t let that shit dominate your life. Get your mind off of it. Trust me. Beer. Lunch. I insist. There’s something huge I want to run by you.”
I hesitated. “Fine. Fine.”
Probably best. Take a breather; get my ducks in a row. A quick cup of coffee, then back to my still steaming car.
A little pub called The Holy Carousel was the regular watering hole for Whisperer employees. Some may have called it quaint, but that was only if you were optimist enough to see something charming about poor lighting, sticky floors and a bartender who spoke a version of English inspired by missing teeth.
I arrived to find Brent looking rigid, perched on a bar stool and already one beer down. A foaming pint was waiting for me on the cigarette-burned wooden counter beside him. He looked up at my arrival.
“Whoa, Jet,” he exclaimed, a little too brightly, “I’m not being a dick or anything but you look like shit.”
“Thanks.” I was in no mood for witty banter. I grabbed the beer and poured half down my gullet, almost immediately regretting it as I remembered that alcohol didn’t agree with me on the best of days. A splitting headache had now eagerly taken up position to wait for me a few miles down the road.
“So, how’s the training going?” Brent asked, raising a finger to summon the barman; a shambling, hunched creature who appeared to be permanently squinting his left eye. But this may have just been a reflex action become habit, since a smouldering cigarette was almost always hanging from the left corner of his mouth.
“It’s been educational,” I admitted, slipping onto a stool. The bartender delivered Brent a second beer, and then turned to me;
“Yoo wha nuther eer?”
“No, thank you,” I responded, and the bartended shuffled off. The language became comprehensible after about your fifth visit.
“Selena Stephania, right?” Brent continued, “Heard she’s smoking.”
“She is. And terrifying.”
“Nice.”
I could sense he was going through the motions of being friendly, working up to something bigger. For some reason, possibly the fact I had recently learned that insanity was a definite possibility in my near future, the beating-around-the-bush was getting on my nerves. “What is it you wanted to talk about, Brent?”
He looked at me with a hint of surprise, then seemed to wrestle with a slippery thought as he sipped his beer. Finally, when he spoke again his tone had shifted, dropping the façade.
“We’re going nowhere, Jet. Either of us. Our jobs are shit and we’re destined to never leave that hell hole.” The words were level. Genuine.
“You’re just figuring this out?”
He let out a single sharp laugh, more a snort. “I’m glad we see eye to eye on that.”
“Where are you going with this?”
“Well,” he continued, taking a quick glance to confirm that the only other customer, a degenerate at a corner table, was indeed asleep. “I have recently become aware of an opportunity. A big opportunity. And I want you in with me.”
“Go on.”
“Look, I know we’re not exactly tight, Jet. We’re hardly even friends. But this thing could set us both up for life. We could tell The Whisperer to kiss our asses and do whatever the hell we wanted. All I need to make this work… is you.” He waited to gauge my reaction, then shifted his chair closer towards me, leaning in and lowering his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. “I need a magic user, Jet. But not just any Joe off the street, I need a man I know I can trust. And you’re that man.”
“Get to the point.”
“Right, right. What do you know about poker?”
“Not much. Played online a few times.”
“Good! Great start!” He was getting excited, finding his flow. “Poker is one of the only fair ways to gamble. No unfair advantages, just skill versus skill, man versus man, winner takes all.” Here came the pitch. “I know of a private, high stakes game. Once every two months, penthouse of The Marlon. And when I say high stakes, Jet, I mean high stakes. Minimum buy in is five thousand. Pots have been won worth over…two million.” He let the words roll off his tongue with slow deliberation. “Two…million…”
“That sounds great.” I downed the rest of my beer, grimacing. It was becoming clear where Brent was going with this.
“So all we need are two things. The cash to buy-in and…” His eyes were now shining with barely contained glee, he had clearly been planning this for some time, “…an advantage that puts us head and shoulders above the rest. You, buddy.” His grin was so broad it bordered on maniacal.
“You want me to train to have a magical advantage.”
He nodded fiercely in response, enthusiasm oozing from every pore.
“That kind of training is illegal, who would do it?”
“I happen to know a guy who is capable of such training. It doesn’t even take very long.”
I let the idea roll around in my head. A few days ago I would have thrown back my head with a hearty guffaw at the notion of such a proposition, but at that moment, sleep deprivation likely having a great deal to do with it, I was intrigued.
“You know I’ve only been for a single day of training,” I said, still having the clarity of mind to consider the flaws, “And all I really achieved was being scared shitless.”
“No problem, no problem,” he reassured me, “It’s not even particularly difficult magic, you’ll have it in no time.”
“Fair enough. But surely they must have taken this possibility into consideration…”
“Oh, they have, of course. An Enforcer is hired to stand by and look for any magical activity.”
“But then…”
“And that’s the best part. The same guy who’s training you is the exact same Enforcer that they’ve hired. It’s beautiful!” He stared at me.
I hesitated, giving my brain a minute to jump in and tell me it was a flimsy, poorly thought out plan at best. But it didn’t. Instead it considered never having to see The Whisperer again and rejoiced. What did I have to lose? Maybe I could be driven to insanity in a Porsche.
“Sounds good,” I said at last. “Where is the money coming from for the buy-in? Because if this is about conning me out of a few thousand, you’re out of luck; I’m broke…”
“You let me worry about that,” he declared confidently, snatching up his beer, having a long swallow and slamming the mug back onto the counter. It was meant as a gesture of celebration, but the sound drew the bartender from the kitchen; his head poked through the open doorway.
“Ey! Whuh oo doon in ere? Doh geh ruh-dee or I kee yur ass ouh.”
“Sorry, didn’t mean to cause a stir,” Brent said, giving him a cheerful wave.
The head disappeared and Brent turned back to me. “I’ll call you when I’ve set up your first training session.”
“Fine. Who is the trainer, anyway?”
“It’s Benny, of course.”
“Of course.” I stood, tossing a few coins on the counter. “Let me know. I need to get some sleep or I’m in trouble.”
“You got it buddy. And hey, don’t forget, Cecil’s party on Friday. Right?”

* * *

When a magic user went to prison it was a serious business. Not that normal cushy prison where all you had to worry about was rape, oh no. A Magical Detention Centre had to be concerned with the obvious fact that magic users had all they needed to escape built right into their brains. So, some rather extreme measures were taken.
It was well know that in the old days magical detainees wore solid steel contraptions on their heads; helmets that covered eyes, ears and mouths. In this fashion, there was no risk of the prisoner lashing out with magical attacks. As time went on, some sissy decided to protest and call the act cruel and inhumane. His belief was that it constituted mistreatment, firstly because the prisoner would sometimes wear this device for weeks, secondly; because the prisoner was unable to speak in his or her own defence at court. So in an act of admirable inspiration, the helmet was replaced by a mentally debilitating drug. No more ugly helmet, everyone was happy. The fact that the drug reduced a person to a quivering lump of mindless jelly was negligible.
This sort of information was also included in that brochure handed out at high school, right under the section titled; “Magical Crimes. It’s No Joke!” The text was accompanied by a drawing that had caused quite a stir amongst the students; a man wearing that ghastly helmet, his arms tied across his body in the sleeves of a straightjacket.  
As I returned home images of the helmet were struck from my mind, as were thoughts of being a living vegetable for the rest of my life. My focus returned instead to the little demon dilemma with which I was faced. I wanted sleep, and, to be perfectly frank, the thought of it was terrifying.
Why had Selena simply shown me the door? Wasn’t there something she could have taught me to at least help put up a fight? Why, for that matter, could she not have been a little more specific than “sometimes sooner, sometimes later”?
I pushed open the front door and stood at the foot of the steps, wrestling with the idea of attempting sleep. How bad would the next attack be when it occurred? Could a demon draw blood? It seemed logical that if it drew blood in the dream, I would bleed in reality. Was that possible? I didn’t know and wasn’t thrilled about finding out, one way or the other.
I headed instead to the kitchen for another coffee, only to find Clinton, beer in hand, at the kitchen table. He looked up as I entered and I stopped in my tracks.
“Just want some coffee,” I muttered. His response was a silent nod. 
I flipped on the kettle and spooned three heaps of coffee into a mug, doing my best to keep my back to him.
“Jet, I would like it if we could talk."
“It’s not a good time, Clinton.”
“Look, Jet. I know you’re not partial to me, that much is obvious. But there is something I very much want to say.”
“I said it’s not a good time.” I added sugar, pulled open the fridge and snatched out the milk.
“Jet, please…”
“I’ve had a bad day, Clinton, really.”
He fell into silence. I added a splash of milk and the kettle started to hiss as it heated the water. I stood waiting for it, still keeping him at my back.
“It’s about your mother, Jet. Please, just listen for a minute.”
I spun on him, anger flashing behind my eyes. “Clinton, seriously! Not now!”
In response he recoiled as if a snake was striking, even raising up a hand to defend from a blow. I stared, the anger slowly subsiding. How pathetic he looked.
“I’m sorry,” he mumbled.
For the first time since he had started stumbling his drunken way around the house, I realised I felt something new for him. Sympathy? No. It was pity. 
The water began to boil and the automatic switch clicked.
“It’s okay,” I replied, then sighed and shifted towards the kettle, wanting to get him at my back again. But he reached out and grabbed hold of my upper arm.
“Jet, there’s something else. I can’t find Critter. Have you seen him?”
I snapped. Fury exploded in my head like a bright light and I swatted his hand savagely from my arm, spinning back to face him.
“GET AWAY!” The words tore up my throat and burst from my mouth.
Simultaneously, there was an electric popping in the air, like static electricity on a woolly carpet, and I felt a jolt of energy go leaping forward, seemingly having originated in the air directly before my eyes. My hair was blown back and clothes fluttered, as if caught in a gale wind, then Clinton was being propelled backwards as if struck a powerful blow on the chest. For a brief moment he was airborne, then going crashing over the kitchen table, skidding across its surface and plummeting off the other side.
 Having not been dispersed by its collision with Clinton’s body, the released energy remained visible, appearing as a faint shimmering in the air. It continued its journey across the kitchen and went crashing into a wall mounted cupboard; the door fractured, then exploded into fragments. Splinters went spinning across the room and ricocheting off the walls, one even lodging itself in the table as if an arrow. 
“I killed Critter!” I roared, “I killed him! Twice!”
Then I was standing in dumbfounded shock as the splinters settled, Clinton gaping up at me with mouth yawning in horror.
Now this was something I hadn’t seen before. 
I staggered from the kitchen, Clinton scrambling across the floor to keep his distance from me, and found myself mounting the steps without really knowing where I was going. Then I was pacing in my room.
“What is happening to me? What is happening to me?” No answer was forthcoming.
I became aware that fatigue was gradually settling in over me like a wet, heavy blanket.  My legs began to feel weak, shoulders drooped and head suddenly weighed a ton. The energy was being drained from me? No, I had thrown my energy away, sent it flying across the kitchen to knock Clinton on his ass. Now the toll was being paid.
With two lurching steps towards my bed I collapsed on the still unmade sheets and was asleep in seconds.

***

When I awoke it was dark. My eyes sprang open and immediately I was sitting, head turning from left to right as I scanned the room.
All was quiet. 
I spotted a plate of food on my bedside table, a gift from my mother as I slept.
Everything seemed to be in order, but for some reason my body was tense and mind insisted I should be cautious and anticipate danger. There was a buzzing sensation in my head, a tiny vibration directly between my ears, and I guessed this to be part of my new found Spirit. The buzzing intensified as my inward expectation of danger escalated.
The room was only dimly visible, illuminated by light entering through my half open door, but no signs of obvious danger seemed present. Still, my instincts insisted that something was wrong; the buzzing continued.
 Around me, real or imagined, it was as if the air were starting to gather weight, like a growing, invisible pressure.
Keeping my body very still I let my gaze inspect the environment; brow creased with concentration. Nothing…
My gaze fixed on the chair at the foot of my bed. “I really should put those clothes in the cupboard,” I thought absently.
Then, the shirt hanging over the chair’s backrest seemed to take on the shape of a human torso. And the cupboard behind it, didn’t the doorknob appear to fit the picture precisely, making a nose? Even the chair’s left leg fit the picture now, creating the outline of a human leg…
All at once the blue-faced demon was in my bedroom, dressed in his neat little tuxedo. Silence. Every molecule of my body began to scream in terror, which was odd because my mouth remained clamped shut, teeth grinding in involuntary spasms. Was I awake? Was this a dream?
It had somehow always been there, standing at the foot of my bed staring at me; just a change of perspective and I could finally see it.
It was coming towards me, climbing onto my bed and crawling up next to my body, its pupil-less eyes fixed on my face. I could feel the weight on my bed, sense its presence, as if it carried an aura of cold air in a bubble around its body.
Absolute, complete terror gripped me and suffocated my heart. The buzzing in my head became so fierce I thought my teeth might start rattling.
It crawled slowly closer, the expressionless face drawing nearer to my own. It wanted to feed on me. I knew without a shadow of a doubt, it wanted to feed on me.
Again the air around my body began to pop and crackle with unseen energy, powered by nothing but extreme fear. The intensity increased rapidly; in a second I felt a buzzing on my arms, face, shoulders and chest, similar to receiving an electrical shock from a plug socket, minus the negative effects.
My instincts took over. The energy needed a release and my mouth supplied the means.
I screamed; one short guttural shriek; and, as before, the energy took flight from a place directly in front of my eyes. The shimmering orb collided with the demon and catapulted it backwards, sending it smashing head first into my cupboard. A sound reverberated through the house like the boom of an enormous drum, then the cupboard was shattering as the energy ploughed through wood to meet the wall.
A spray of splinters and debris showered my face as my head plopped back onto the pillow, allowing fatigue to once again envelop me. Distantly, I heard footsteps running towards my room and a voice that seemed to be coming from another planet.
“Jet!? 
It was my mother.
Then I was sleeping.
CHAPTER 4

When next I woke birds were chirping outside my window and a soft, comforting shaft of sunlight was gently warming my cheeks.
I lay for a long moment, gazing sleepily up at the ceiling and feeling a rather unusual tingling throughout my body. Had something happened the night before? It seemed it had, but what it was escaped me.
I raised myself up on my elbows and noticed the room appeared rather larger than I recalled. My cupboard was missing, and where it had sat was instead an enormous, wagon wheel sized indent in the brick surface of the wall.
The events came back to me in a rush and every hair on my head was suddenly eager to reach up and shake hands with ceiling.
The demon had been in my room. That was not a dream.
I attempted to jump from the bed and found my body a bit less enthusiastic than hoped for. Fatigue still clung to every limb like an iron weight; I was exhausted.
With a gathering of effort I tottered over to my door and heard a muttering of voices from somewhere below, likely Clinton and my mother trying to explain to insurance the sudden increase in exploding cupboards.
Being in no mood to face them, I decided my best option was to consult Selena. A glance at my watch revealed that the appointment was in two hours and I reached for the phone, but hesitated. My voice would draw attention.
Making a snap decision, I did my best to sneak down the stairs, carefully avoiding those guilty of squeaking (numbers four and six), and grabbed my car keys from the entrance hall table.
The drive to the Defence Training Offices was the single most treacherous journey of my life. My arms felt as if I’d been lifting weights for an hour, slow to respond and partially numb. Three times I was forced to slam on brakes, in one case drawing a barrage of angry hooting from a driver behind me. I ignored it all; everything seemed distant and unreal. My only thought was to reach out to someone, anyone, for a bit of reassurance and explanation.
I arrived outside the majestic security gate an hour early, detachedly aware that my hair was uncombed and I was wearing day old clothes.
Without prompting, the gate opened and I proceeded to my previous parking space, noting the presence of Selena’s assistant on the top step. She waited as I climbed out the car and shuffled towards her.
“Mister Clarence, Selena is expecting you.”
“I’m an hour early.” I said, shocked at the sound of my own croaking voice.
“This way please.”
The assistant turned and headed through the front doors, slowing her pace so I could keep up. I stumbled and nearly went for a face plant on the marble floor, but the girl stopped and offered a supporting shoulder. Together we passed through the waiting area and entered the massive hall. Selena sat waiting in the leather chair, looking expectant and prepared for my hour early arrival.
“Mister Clarence,” she said, and I still managed to find her thick accent appealing, even in my disorientated state.
“Hi.” My response was so feeble it barely registered an echo off the lofty ceiling.
I allowed the assistant to guide me to the low couch and collapsed onto its welcoming surface. Every muscle in my body let out a sigh of relief.
The assistant’s footsteps faded and I heard the doors close, but Selena let a moment draw out, allowing me time to rest.
“How did you know I was going to be early?” I asked, genuinely curious.
“Logical Prediction; it is an advanced magic. Do not concern yourself with it at this time.”
“Okay.”
“Breathe deeply,” she said, “Your Spirit will return quicker with deep breaths.”
I did as I was told and after about a minute could feel the energy gradually returning to my limbs. “Isn’t there a quicker way?”
“Yes, but it is more advanced magic. You will learn this later.”
“The demon…”
“It crossed over into the physical plane.” Her voice was level, matter-of-fact and soothing in its honesty. “You gave it life, supplied it with energy and finally it has taken on a physical form.”
“I felt a buzzing sensation in my head.”
“Your Spirit, now awoken, will speak to you in the only ways it can. Listen well, it will never say things you do not need to hear.”
“Is it still here?” I asked, suddenly aware I may have left my mother alone with a creeping, blue faced demon.
“No. It will slip in and out of the physical world, more and more as its own Spirit increases, unless you learn to control it.”
“You couldn’t have warned me? You couldn’t have helped me prepare for that? What the hell am I paying you for?”
“I apologise, Mister Clarence, but I did not realise how powerful your demon had already become.” Her answer sounded genuine.
“I shot some kind of energy out of my body. Nearly destroyed half the house.”
“Your raw Spirit, Mister Clarence, now acknowledged has become pliable. You must learn to harness it, or you will be a danger to those around you.”
“Well, let’s get busy,” I said firmly, desperate to have some kind of process started that would bring order to the madness.
“Do you have an answer for me?”
“An answer?” It had completely slipped my mind.
“What makes you angriest, Mister Clarence?”
I covered my face with a hand and thought about it. The answer was obvious. “Clinton. My mother’s boyfriend.”
“Good. And why is this?”
“He’s a drunken lay-about and waste of space.” Frustration was starting to mount. How did this have anything to do with blue faced horrors and exploding cupboards? “Is this helping me?”
“Focus, Mister Clarence!” Her voice raised a notch and I jumped. “Why does he make you angry?”
“I told you; he’s a drunk.”
“And why does this anger you?”
“My mother pays for all his booze. He doesn’t do anything constructive. He’s not even trying.” But that wasn’t true. “Well, he goes for job interviews. But it’s a waste of time. Who would hire a drunk?”
“So he is trying. What really makes you so angry?”
Again I paused to think, taking note that my body was starting to feel energized. A tingling sensation that seemed to vibrate under my skin was growing ever stronger. “I need more of a reason to be angry at him than being a drunk?”
“Think, Mister Clarence.”
Bizarrely I realised I had never really given the question serious thought. He did try. He was making an effort. The drinking wasn’t even that excessive. Why did I have such a burning dislike for him?  
“I’m… not really sure,” I admitted softly.
“Say it.”
“He’s not my father.” It was a revelation.
Silence from Selena indicated that my answer was correct. “What happened to your father, Mister Clarence?”
“He died.”
“How?”
“Heart attack.”
“Go on.”
“I’d rather not talk about it.”
“Were you present?”
“Yes.”
“What happened?”
I let my mind focus on the day in question, for the second time in as many days. “He was on the floor.”
“Yes?”
“He was on the floor and I was watching him. My mother was screaming…” As the images returned to me, the hall seemed to be growing darker, as if the focusing of my mind was somehow draining the ambient light.
“What did you do when your mother screamed, Mister Clarence? Think.”
“She was screaming. I didn’t know what to do…” I strained my mind, trying to recall, but the memories were vague and unfamiliar, as though the events had occurred in a dream.
Around me the walls seemed to be contracting now, bowing in as if under some enormous exterior pressure. “She was screaming and I was looking down at my father. He was…dying…”
My eyes squinted up at the ceiling.
“He was dying…” I repeated.
I noticed that the magnificent gold chandelier dangling overhead seemed to unintentionally make the shape of a person. I could make out an arm, half the face and a section of the torso.
The demon was hovering above me, elevated perhaps ten or fifteen meters from the ground and remaining magically airborne. Its posture mirrored my own; one hand resting palm down on its forehead, while legs were outstretched as if reclining on a couch. Even at that distance the red eyes were bright and prominent, gazing down at me with silent longing.
“Selena…” The single word escaped my mouth, not yet reflecting the panic I would soon be experiencing.
For a moment the world was frozen, hanging awkwardly in a kind of photographic limbo as my mind processed the new information. Then gravity kicked in, realising a physical object was defying its laws, and the demon came hurtling down towards me.
I raised both hands in a terrified attempt to defend myself, but before the creature had even completed its descent Selena was on her feet. With a cry that lay somewhere between a roar of disapproval and an exclamation of surprise, she swung an arm forward in a broad, sweeping arch, hand flat, as if delivering a reverse, roundhouse karate chop. A crackling of static accompanied her movement, clinging to her arm. 
With a blinding SNAP the demon rocketed off across the hall, its body twisting and writhing as it was transformed into living projectile. A second later a thundering delayed shockwave jingled the chandelier and rattled the windows.
Then, after a quick beat, the demon collided with a wall on the far side of the hall. The occasion was marked by a thundering boom, and as testimony to the creature’s point of contact, a massive impact crater formed in the wall’s stone surface. After a second the crater sprouted a ring of spider web cracks and coughed a shower of debris.
The entire incident had taken no more than three seconds.
I started to rise up onto my elbows, sighing in relief, but Selena’s voice halted me.
“Stay down, Mister Clarence. It’s not over yet.”
A glance to my left revealed the broken heap of the demon below the impact crater. Without so much as a grunt it scrambled back to its feet, apparently not fazed by recently shooting thirty meters across a room and being used as a battering ram against solid stone.
“It’s coming back,” Selena muttered, raising a hand and extending index and middle finger, a child’s imitation of a gun.
As the demon came scampering back towards us the static once again popped into life around Selena’s extended arm. A burst of energy sprang forward, creating a crackle of blue sparks on her fingertips and sending her dark hair billowing. But the demon had learned a thing or two about taking bolts of energy to the face; it skipped a step to the side and the fizzing energy missed, exploding instead a section of marble floor. Selena released a second bolt and the demon repeated the motion, skipping a sideways step as it continued its advance. The marble floor took another beating and chunks of debris the size of golf balls were sent bouncing across the floor.
By now the demon had closed the gap and prepared to mount its attack, bending its legs in mid-stride and drawing its body down into a crouch. The motion gave rise to an incredible leap that took it soaring forward, clear over the couch and on a trajectory with Selena. 
I caught the briefest glimpse of a grimace on her face, and then she released her third bolt, managing to catch the creature airborne for the second time in a single battle.
Bolt and demon made contact directly over my couch. A POP deafened my ears and a shockwave rocked my body in a tremor. Then a gentle sprinkle of what appeared to be tiny, drifting dust particles were raining down onto my face.
For a moment I lay in paralysed shock, my gaping eyes fixed on the empty air where the demon had disintegrated. 
“Are you alright, Mister Clarence?” Selena asked; her voice neutral.
I turned my head to look at her as she casually tucked a loose lock of raven hair behind an ear. “An energetic little creature, your demon.”
I nodded weakly, the thumping of my heart so fierce I feared she may overhear it and scold me.
“We have found your Achilles Heel,” she continued, “We now need only find the reasons for your demon’s birth.”

CHAPTER 5

“Now, Mister Clarence. Clear your mind. Clear your mind…”
With eyes closed and an arm draped over my face, I attempted to comply with the instruction. But clarity of mind was not something that was coming easily at just that moment. Not ten minutes ago the room had been shaking and demons had been dropping from the ceiling, I was having trouble not thinking about it.
“I’m trying,” I muttered.
“No talking. Focus.”
The blue face and red eyes were hovering in my mind’s eye, ever more vivid and detailed the harder I tried to push them out. It was useless.
“Your thoughts are the directed focus of your Spirit,” she continued, “And where you direct your thoughts is where you choose to spend your Spirit. By extension, if you choose to spend your Spirit on the demon, you are choosing to give it life. Remove the demon from your mind, and you will limit its source of power. Understand this.”
I tried to turn my thoughts to other matters, letting my mind wonder of its own accord. Briefly, Brent and his poker plan drifted into focus. I had agreed to participate without thinking it through.
A few decades ago, it had been uncommon for something magical in nature to make headlines. Sure, there had been the odd story about a gardener who had learned to grow glow-in-the-dark flowers, or perhaps an old woman who had saved her cat’s life by felling a tree, but nothing of major significance.
That had all changed after an increase in elaborate, magic-based crimes, but not just any crimes; ugly crimes. The kind involving manipulating women into unwittingly participating in sex, or even pornography. The kind involving working entire sweat shops of smiling, delighted employees till they died of exhaustion. And in one case, I remembered with a certain level of astonishment, the kind involving selling lumps of coal to pensioners, for the small price of their entire life savings. In short, the kind that caused a public outcry. 
Overnight magical offences were suddenly a priority; acted on by the law with excessive penalties and heavy handed wrath. Registration of those with high Spirit Levels became mandatory and was stringently controlled. Offenders were slapped with monstrous jail sentences in an attempt to set a public example.
And, notably, the Enforcers were formed; the “magic police”. Able to act on magical offences on the spot, as they saw fit, no need to call it in to a higher authority.
The demon was suddenly looming at me; its scowling blue face hovering only inches from my own.
My eyes popped open with a start and I found myself glancing maniacally around the hall, heart hammering a mad beat in my chest. To the left I spotted the assistant as she quietly swept up debris from the fight, but only Selena was scowling at me, sitting with that perfect posture in the leather chair.
“Eyes closed, Mr Clarence.”
I decided instead to give my heart a chance to slow down, swinging my legs over the edge of the couch and hoisting myself up into a sitting position. “I have a question.”
“Then ask.”
“You said my demon was born of a life experience. My father’s death?”
“Sí.” 
“So, then your demon must also have been born of a life experience,” I continued hesitantly, “What?”
Her face hardened. “It’s not important.”
“You said something about there being only honesty in here.”
I thought it had been a rather astute observation, but her narrowed eyes told me that shrewdness did not impress.
“My demon was born of my mother,” she answered at length, “She was a woman who demanded a lot, and I could not always deliver. In time I found that my Spirit was feeding a demon. I learned to control it.”
“How?”
“I found a mentor. Together we drew out the demon and contained it.”
“Is that what we’re going to do? Draw out my demon and contain it?”
“It would be best if we defeated your demon,” she declared firmly. “But, should it be too difficult to defeat, we will contain it.”
“Well, I’m ready. Let’s draw it out and defeat it.”
“You are not ready, Mister Clarence. You must defeat the demon, I can only assist. And you need more preparation. Much more. You should focus on controlling your own mind first, limiting the power of the demon is an essential part of its defeat.”
“I’m trying.”
“Tell me about your mother.” It was a sudden and unexpected subject change, but she didn’t so much as miss a beat.
“She’s… nice.”
“I see. Is that all?”
“I assume you know she’s an Influencer. She is registered.”
“I know, yes.” Selena paused again, considering her words. “It can often be a dangerous business living in the vicinity of an Influencer, Mister Clarence. You never know in what subtle ways they might affect your life. You might consider how your mother is affecting yours, or the lives of any whom she comes into contact with, for that matter.”
“She isn’t like that.” The response was automatic. My mother was nothing if not a hard-working, caring person who had surely not committed an offence in her life.
“You speak so quickly.”
“It’s the truth.”
“Tell me about a memory of your mother.”
“A memory?”
“Sí.”
“What memory?”
“Any, whatever comes to mind.”
“Okay.” I hesitated for just a second and a memory sprung into the foreground of thought. “I remember lying under the table as a young boy. My mother and grandmother often spoke till early hours of the morning.”
“Of what did they speak?”
“I don’t remember. I was very young.”
“What do you remember?”
“I remember feeling safe. They were good times when my grandmother came to visit. We ate lots of great food, my mother was always happy.”
“I see.”
“Is this significant? Is it related to my demon in some way?”
“I’m not sure, Mister Clarence.” A frown creased her brow. “But I will give you this advice; watch your mother. See where it is she spends her Spirit.”
“I’ll do that.” I wasn’t really seeing a connection to my immediate problem of blue faced horrors, but questioning a woman who had just blown holes in a marble floor seemed counter-productive.
“Then I will see you tomorrow, Mister Clarence. Ten o’clock is fine.”
I stared in disbelief. “You’re sending me home?”
“Sí. I have taught you all you need to know at this time. There is no more I can teach today.”
“That thing is going to attack me again! How the hell am I supposed to defend against it? Why aren’t you teaching me how to shoot the damn energy bolt things?”
“You already know how to do that, Mister Clarence. Teaching you how to control them would be more advisable. But that will come later, if need be. For the moment, you know all you need to know about preventing the demon from attacking. Simply don’t feed it energy.”
“There has to be more…” I fought for words but could find no holes in her argument.
“When you return tomorrow,” she added with a tone of finality, “I want you to have practiced finding a place of calm in your mind. It is essential.”
“A place of calm…?”
“Sí.”
My blood was starting to boil. I was getting the overwhelming feeling she was completely blind to the peril in which I found my life. ‘A place of calm’ sounded about as useful as a chocolate tea pot.
“Selena,” I struggled to control my voice, “I am terrified. A demon crawled out of my mind, twice, and I expect it will do so again. Please help me. Please. In some way other than a ‘place of calm’, because I am having difficulty seeing the benefits of attacking a demon with calming mental images of fields and flowers.”
She regarded me with cool indifference. “You are still failing to grasp the situation, Mister Clarence.  I will repeat it for you, slowly. You are feeding the demon. You are summoning the demon. Control yourself, and you will control the demon. I cannot reach into your head and control your mind for you. That is all there is at this time. Cómprate tus alpargatas que lo que viene es joropo.”
“What?”
“From here it gets much harder. I wish you good luck.”
There was silence, punctuated only by the rhythmic sound of the assistant as she swept the floor. Finally, I stood and headed for the exit.

***

Later, as I sat cross legged on my bed, I attempted to locate a “place of calm”.
 If you’ve ever tried to do something similar, especially after being menaced by a demon, you’ll know that this is about as easy as wrestling a greased hog after it’s been smacked on the rump a few times.
My mind was ablaze with a dozen spiralling thoughts; the priority concern being what my course of action would be, should my little blue, tuxedo wearing friend return.
I gauged the amount of time it would take me to go sprinting down the stairs, leap into my car and tear off back to the Mental Defence offices for protection. In my mental simulation, I took the stairs two at a time, grabbed my keys in mid sprint and was through the front door in less than five seconds. Would the demon pursue me out the house? For some reason it seemed logical that the creature was house bound, but this was really just an assumption based on “child logic”. (The same kind of logic that said monsters were forbidden to attack if you hid under the bed sheets.)
Of course, I was not meant to be having these thoughts. It was exactly what Selena was talking about; I was giving the demon my energy, feeding it by giving it my attention. I needed only to stop thinking about it and I would cut off its life force. Just don’t think about it.
The bedroom door remained open. It was just another barrier between me and freedom. I had even considered leaving the front door open, but decided against it when I remembered what neighbourhood I lived in.
I just had to clear my mind. Control my thoughts. Focus on the calm. Calming… fields?
Could it be under the bed?
Was it possible that it had slipped into existence under my bed and was waiting for me? Just waiting for me to put a leg over the edge. Eagerly patient for me to make a move, so it could grab my ankle and drag me under.
I was grateful to find neither my mother nor Clinton at home when I returned. The idea of having to deal with my mother was a less than appealing thought, especially considering her predictable concern would serve only to inflame my already mounting anxiety.
Under the bed? Childhood fears. I was shaking like a leaf, terrified of the monster under my bed.
Clear my mind. Don’t give it power…
Out the door, down the steps, grab my keys, in the car. Five seconds. What I would do when I got to Selena’s was a mystery. Would she have the gate open for me before I got there? She had managed that little trick once before. How the hell could she have known I was going to be an hour early? What exactly was Logical Prediction?
Right. Clear my mind. Cut off the demon’s source of energy. There was no real option. Pull myself together.
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, an action I had been dreading since the first step into my bedroom.
The instant my eyelids closed an overwhelming sensation of dread settled in. My mind’s eye practically exploded with images of the creature creeping out from every corner of the room, slithering out from under the bed, dropping down from the ceiling like some massive, bloated spider. But a will of steel managed to keep my physical eyes closed, an action that took such fierce effort I felt sweat begin to bead on my forehead.
Then came the feeling of expectation. An expectation that something cold: a hand, or perhaps even the creature’s lips, would suddenly brush my cheek. This sensation steadily grew, becoming so intense that my cheeks began to tingle. 
Still, I managed to keep my eyes closed. A place of calm, a place of calm…
It could be creeping across the room towards me. Scampering across the floor on all fours, a spider with elbows cocked and legs splayed, hands clawing at the carpet in eagerness…
There was a sharp chirp and I nearly emptied my bowels in one long, blasphemous burst of shame.
As my eyes sprang open, adrenalin flushing into every cell of my body and heart cranking into sixth gear, a crackle of energy sparked into life on my arms.
The chirp came again, shrill and piercing. It took near ten full seconds for me to realise it was the telephone.
Unsteadily, I rose from the bed and tottered over to the landline, nerves singing and head floating lazily.
As I grabbed the receiver the energy faded.
“Hello?”
“Jet? Brent! Poker training this evening.”

* * *

My illegal land-up-in-a-permanent-vegetative-state-in-a-magical-detention-center training was held in a hotel room a few hours later, just before sunset. “Neutral ground” Brent had called it.
Needless to say, it was the seedy kind of hotel located on the corner of a seedy block in the seedy part of town.
I left early, eager to be out of the house, and drove slowly. Still, I arrived forty five minutes early. This gave me plenty of time to sit in my car and gaze idly at the goings on that occurred outside of afore mentioned seedy location. Valhalla Hotel, it was called. I counted four prostitutes, two pimps and what I think was a transvestite drug dealer, although it may have just been a very stylishly dressed, extremely social homeless person. “See the magic just below the surface” Selena had said. I was not sure what magic there was to be seen in such an area, but I had no doubt that regardless how grim life got, there was magic aplenty if you knew where to look. Perhaps this place’s magic was being the inspiration for every gritty, true life drama ever committed to celluloid.
Brent pulled his car up behind mine as the sun began to sink below the city skyline. He approached my passenger window in a sort of hunched shuffle, apparently trying to hide his identity by masking as much of his face as possible with his jacket collar. This, naturally, was a very logical and realistic level of paranoia. After all, work colleges were almost certainly wondering around nearby and eagerly waiting to leap out with shocked expressions and pointed fingers of accusation.
He gave my window a tap and I rolled it down.
“Inside,” he muttered in a conspiratorial tone.
I locked my car, gave it a gentle pat of reassurance safe in the knowledge that no one could possibly be desperate enough to steal it, and followed Brent inside.
The hotel’s lobby was everything I had hoped for, managing to quite elegantly slot itself into the ‘seedy hotel’ cliché with masterful ease. A greasy man in a stained vest acted as begrudging receptionist, and nearby a shifty character hovered in a dark corner, looking to either kill unsuspecting victims and take their money, or possibly offer them money for questionable sexual favours.
We rented a room for three hours and proceeded up the stairs, the dull thump of music drifting down to meet us from somewhere up in the buildings apartments.
Upon arriving at room 204 on the second floor, Brent did a quick visual sweep of the corridors before slipping inside. It was obvious he was banking on the fact that the receptionist had taken us for a pair of gay lovers, but this was something you never brought up in an already awkward situation.
Inside, the room boasted a double bed, small central table and what appeared to be a stack of dirty magazines on a nightstand. Directly above the table an uncovered globe hung from the ceiling, bathing the room in a pasty white light.
I gave Brent a reassuring chuckle and we shuffled over to the table, each taking a seat with the sort of careful hesitation that occurs in uncertain environments.
After a moment more I noted with silent delight the heart shaped fluorescent light that clung to the wall over the bed. It was, sadly, not lit, but if there had been an award for living cliché, this hotel would have taken first prize in every category. So there was a sort of magic here after all; an ever present, quietly whispering voice that said; “Let go your inhibitions, I’m the home of illegal activities…” 
“Benny will be here soon,” Brent said, taking a deep interest in the wooden table’s pockmarked surface.
“He’ll know what room we’re in?” I asked.
“Sure. That’s the kind of thing Enforcers know.”
Sure enough, after another ten minutes of awkward silence the door opened and Benny slipped in. He approached the table and shook my hand firmly, grinning like the situation was no more peculiar than a Sunday lunch. I registered with fascination how his mere presence seemed to dispel the room’s previous magic and usher in an ambience of relaxation.
“Good to see you again, Jet,” he said brightly.
“And you, Benny.” I responded, finding myself grinning despite the thick tension of just a few seconds ago. 
He gave his brother a sharp, manly slap of affection on the shoulder, then took the remaining seat.
“How about this place, huh?” he continued, uttering a hearty guffaw, “If I had a buck for every crack whore in here we’d be dining on caviar tonight.”
We all laughed on cue, loud, boisterous barks that were more at home after a couple of beers between friends in a pub.
But we weren’t friends, and this wasn’t a pub. He was manipulating us. Or, manipulating me.
Only then did I realise that Benny’s Enforcer uniform had been replaced by a casual black coat and faded jeans. This man was an Enforcer. How could I be forgetting that? 
And that’s when a thought occurred to me. 
What if this was all a set up? A kind of customary test for new magic users? It seemed perfectly obvious. I was being tested. I was under investigation. If I agreed to this training, I was going to a magical detention centre. My body tensed and stomach suddenly felt like an empty pit.
How, exactly, had I managed to get myself into a seedy hotel sitting across from an Enforcer? A man well trained in magical arts that was, effectively, above the law. Free to do what he wanted, when he wanted, as long as he considered it to be vaguely along the lines of maintaining magical order. Or at least that’s how I understood the job of an Enforcer. And not just any Enforcer, one that was rumoured to make people eat their own livers with a bit of apple sauce.
It was a harsh realisation. A hand moved to cover my liver, as though that might offer some kind of protection against forced surgery.
“You alright, Jet?” Benny asked, sensing my change in mood.
“Okay, look here,” I began slowly, my mind grappling for the correct way in which to handle the situation. Around me, the room seemed to transform into a gloomy urban crypt, one in which I might soon be subjected to horrible atrocities. “I think I know what’s going on here.”
Benny and Brent exchanged glances. “What do you mean?” Benny asked softly, his previously jovial manner evaporating.
I swallowed hard, trying to return some kind of moisture to my dry throat. “I would just like to say that I disapprove of any and all means of using magic in a way that is incorrect or forbidden.”
The two brothers exchanged glances for a second time.
“Well, that’s good to know,” Benny declared, his voice now very loud in the tiny space.
“And I for one,” I continued, “would never receive training of an illegal nature for the reasons of gaining an advantage in gambling.”
Tension closed in like a physical force. My eyes darted from one man to the next, trying to detect an aggressive movement before it happened. 
There was a heavy moment of silence, then Benny’s brow furrowed and he fixed me with a stare. I leaned back, mentally preparing for what may be the last moments of not knowing the taste of my own liver.
“Jet,” Benny started, his gaze unflinching, “That is the second time you have broken one of my spells in a matter of seconds. And, I’m more than astonished to say, followed it up with a spell of your own. You’re a real natural, buddy.”
My eyes continued to dart from face to face. “What?”
“Look, stop panicking. Please. Your Spirit is all over the place and you’re going to have us all seeing ghouls in the shadows pretty soon. Relax, okay?”
His tone seemed genuine and I made an effort to regain composure. Instantly the atmosphere of the room lightened.
“You have to be careful,” Benny said, visibly relieved. “I’m not sure you understand the potential of your own Spirit. And you seem to be gaining Spirit Level at a fairly amazing rate.”
Relaxation was returning to the scene. My anxiety drained away.
Benny grinned. “On the upside, I think you’re just the man we need for this little scheme of ours.”
“You’re not putting me through some kind of test?” The words sounded childishly pleading even to my own ears.
Benny chuckled in response. “Do you know what the penalty is for an Enforcer abusing his magical abilities?”
“No.”
“Life. And I would never again have the luxury of being able to feed myself. Or wipe my own ass, for that matter. The very fact that I am sitting here in these circumstances is enough to have my licence revoked.” He spoke the words with casual nonchalance and I detected no attempt to deceive me. Although, it was not exactly far-fetched to think that a practiced magic user could lie like a five star champion.
“Okay.”
I let the moment draw on, giving any unexpected surprises time to reveal themselves. Brent cleared his throat noisily.
“Then, shall we get started?” Benny said, returning the jovial tone to his voice. He took a deck of cards from his jacket pocket and slapped them on the table.
“There are three things you need to be focusing on,” he began, dealing cards from the deck, “Firstly, creating a betting friendly environment. This means that you need to get the other players relaxed, easy going and quick with the cash. That’s not hard; you can do this with a simple tweak to the ambience, just as you did a few minutes ago. You felt it, I assume?”
I nodded.
“Great. Although, you did the exact opposite of what we would want.”
I nodded again. That seemed obvious and straightforward. “How do I do that?”
“Easy as pie, Jet, easy as pie. Just remember that your Spirit is an extension of your mind. Just be positive, think positive and act positive. Then put out your Spirit and it’ll do the rest. You’ll have a room of grinning idiots in no time. Got it?”
“I think so.” I still wasn’t one hundred percent sure how I was supposed to “put out my Spirit,” but decided to leave that small detail until later.
“When you’ve done that and got a nice fat pot on the table,” Benny continued, dealing out the last card and laying down the deck, “You’ll then need to think about reading your opponents. That’s the tricky part, and that’s why we’re here.”
“Right.” I got the feeling Benny believed he was explaining things to someone who understood what he was talking about. Apparently he just assumed I would be capable of what was expected, and why that was remained a rather confusing mystery. “How do I do that?”
“Why don’t we practice by doing, shall we? Pick up your cards.”
The three of us complied.
I picked up my five cards and looked at them in distracted semi interest, not in the least bit excited that I had miraculously drawn four kings. Next to me, Brent was staring at his cards with tongue poking from corner of mouth.
“So, what now?” I asked in bemused curiosity.
“Now nothing,” Benny responded with a half-smile, “Not one person at this table has a single reason to give even the slightest shit about what cards he’s drawn. We are all blank slates. Nothing is invested, which means nothing can be revealed by physical language. If I can be more specific, the cards currently have no place in your mind, which means I have no way of reading the information.”
“I don’t really understand,” Brent declared.
I was glad he had said it. The information, although sounding logical, was still flying over my head at a hundred miles an hour.
“Let’s make things a little more interesting,” Benny said. He reached into his jacket, extracted a wad of neatly folded bank notes and tossed them into the centre of the table. “Winner of this hand takes it all. No bullshit, no lies. It’s yours.”
I eyed the cash. Quick calculation pegged the amount at an entire month of Whisperer salary. That certainly wasn’t something at which to sneeze. My eyes darted back to my cards. Four kings? It was basically mine.
“I put you at four of a kind,” Benny said immediately, grinning at me with a smile so smug it put the Cheshire cat to shame. He turned to Brent; “And I put you at a pair. Probably mid-range. I’m going to venture a guess and say sixes.”
Brent froze, staring at his brother for a silent interval of disbelief, then, put his cards face up on the table; a pair of sevens. My mouth hung upon. I laid my own cards out next to Brent’s. Benny continued to grin.
“How?” I muttered, “How could you possibly…?”
“Simple. You wrote it all over your face, buddy. And when you know how to look for it, the signs are as clear as a billboard.”
I considered this. It was some of the most impressive magic I had ever seen, and I was intrigued. More than a little. “Teach me.”
“Glad you asked.” He pushed the wad of money to my side of the table, gathered up the cards, shuffled, and dealt again. “It is possible to learn defence against these techniques, of course, but since the technique itself is illegal, defence against it is not popular. Now, the trick of this is that a person cannot help betray their own mind. It’s obviously beneficial to hide emotion and reaction to what cards you are holding, but if you tell someone not to think about a five legged, pregnant yak, for example, that is exactly what they’ll think about. So, by default a person is thinking about not showing emotion based on what cards they have. Understand? You need only read that unintentional thought process.”
“Sure, I get that.”
“Then, let’s give it a bash, shall we?” He took a second wad of money from a jacket pocket, equally as fat as the first, and tossed it onto the table. “Gentlemen, look at your cards.”
We all obediently did so. This time I had drawn a rather feeble hand, with only a queen and jack offering any hope of a fighting chance.
“Now Jet, I want you to look at Brent,” Benny said.
I did so and Brent grinned uneasily. “It’s not gonna hurt is it?” he asked with a chuckle. 
“I want you to look at him and understand something very important,” Benny continued, ignoring his brother, “His mind is not so different from your own. Yes, there are the multiple layers that make up his individual personality, his history is different, his preferences in cheese and movies are different, but his base emotions remain the same. We all understand loss and gain in the same, very primal way. And one thing you can guarantee every person has a strong attachment to is large sums of money. So, ask yourself this, Jet, how would you behave if you were him? How would you behave if you were in his position…?”
I focused on Brent as Benny’s words worked their way around my mind. I still wasn’t sure what it was I was supposed to be doing… 
What would I be thinking if I was Brent and had a good hand? What would I be thinking if I was him and had a bad hand…? 
I studied Brent’s face, letting my eyes drift over his features. My concentration deepened as I took in the details and, in a sensation that was now becoming familiar, the room around me seemed to be getting dimmer, as if the ambient light were being drained away…
Brent was squirming under my focus; trying to decide if he should meet my gaze or rather let his eyes settle on a wall. The room continued to darken.
“You want the money, Brent, right?” Benny’s voice was unmistakably distant, despite him being no more than a few feet away.
“I wouldn’t mind…” was Brent’s response.
I watched his mouth form the words, the process seeming to happen in slow motion, seeing in clear detail his tongue clicking around in his mouth as it sounded the vowels.
He was nervous, yes. That was clear. I recognised its presence as easily as I recognised it in myself. But this nervousness was not just because I was staring at him, no. This wasn’t just nervousness based on the unnerving sensation of having a person stare unblinkingly at your face. He really did want the money. Well, of course he did, why wouldn’t he? And he was nervous because… he had something. He was holding something in his hand. Was that what I was seeing…?
For the briefest of moments something happened…
I felt a shifting of my perception and the room faded almost completely, becoming nothing more than vague background noise. There was a lurching sensation in my stomach, as if going over a dip on a rollercoaster, and an epiphany struck me. I was Brent, and he was me. We were one. That may sound like clichéd esoteric talk, but in this case the logic made absolute and total sense. I knew him, and I knew who he was. Not in a psychic sense of knowing what his bank account number was and what he did on the first day of school, but certainly on an emotional level. In the here and now, I understood Brent as if I was him.
The uncertain nature of his smile. It was a defensive smile. There was no good humour behind it, just a hope, a longing. I recognise that longing. I’ve experienced that longing. I knew that longing…
It was a longing, a hope … that his cards were good enough. Good enough. He did have something. But what? How good was the hand? How good would it have to be to get me longing? Like seeing the four kings a moment ago? No, I had been almost certain I was a winner with that hand; the reaction was more excitement than longing. So what? I wasn’t 100% sure.
With that conclusion I released my focus on Brent. The world shunted back into position, the light returned to its natural level.
“He has something,” I declared loudly, amazed at what I had just achieved. Absolutely astonished that I had, for the first time in my life, intentionally used magic. The feeling was electrifying.
Benny was beaming radiantly, his teeth exposed in yet another near maniacal Cheshire cat smile. 
“Yes! Well done!” he said proudly, his tone reflecting empathetic pleasure. “Do you know what?”
“I can’t say for sure,” I admitted with a shrug.
“Care to guess?”
“I think maybe a high pair?”
Benny considered this, then turned to Brent and raised his eyebrows.
“Not a high pair, no,” Brent said, disappointed. He laid down his cards, revealing a dead hand. Nothing. I was stunned, then crestfallen.
“I don’t get it,” I muttered, “I was sure.”
“Relax, take a closer look,” Benny said. “You got a bit of a tricky one and the wires crossed. He has the potential to get a great hand. You see? All he needed was to draw a nine and he would have had a straight, all the way to a king.”
It was true. Brent was one card away from a straight, near unbeatable.
“Interesting.”
“I don’t mean to be an ass,” Brent said, the nervous smile returning to his face, “but if we had actually drawn cards I may have won that hand.”
Benny shrugged and pushed the wad of cash across the table. Brent snatched it up eagerly and turned it over in his hands, as if admiring a particularly impressive piece of fine art.
“Let’s try again,” Benny continued, and I found myself more than a little eager to repeat the process. Despite my other current issues in life, I was very much enjoying the idea of what this new skill could mean in my life.
“Well done, Jet, you’ve just taken your first step towards being a world class Influencer and Manipulator.”
CHAPTER 6

We played five more rounds, Benny drawing another bloated wrap of money from his jacket for each new hand. With that kind of cash to throw around without so much as a flinch, I wondered why he would even be bothering to take such risks on illegal games of poker.
 I again sat and stared at Brent’s face, attempting to detect his chain of thought and getting varying degrees of success. The “epiphany” eluded me the first two times, but I called a dead hand and was right on both accounts. On the third I figured he must have at least a high pair since there were clear signs of excitement, unfortunately it turned out he had double fives.
By the last two hands I could feel a definite improvement. The epiphany struck again and I called a triple on the second last hand, seeing Brent’s eyes nearly glowing with delight, and was bang on. By the fifth hand I was brave enough to even call the cards in detail, going for a pair of sevens. He had tens.
“You’re getting it now,” Benny said, glowing with pride, “I was a little concerned about teaching this stuff to a virtual newbie, but you’ve turned out to be a good student, Jet.” He reached into his jacket and I expected another roll of cash, but instead the bag of tobacco emerged. He tipped a little pile onto the table and started the same process I recognised from the Department of Magic, sorting through it with slow deliberation.
“Thanks,” I replied.
To my left, Brent was gloating over the two piles of money he had won, the expression on his face so reminiscent of a stereotypical greedy banker it was almost laughable.
The wad of money that represented my own personal winnings for the evening, although pleasant, was nowhere near as exhilarating as the intoxicating power of magic I had sampled. A world I never imagined had opened to me and, for lack of a better word, I was intoxicated.
“There must be thousands here,” Brent was crooning to himself.
“Well, let’s call it a night,” Benny declared, rolling up a cigarette and sticking it into a corner of his mouth. “We’ve made excellent progress, Jet. Practice.”
“I will. Believe me.”
We all stood, Brent stuffing money into his pockets by the handful. Benny lit the cigarette, took a single drag and dropped it to the floor.
“We’ll meet again in a few days,” Benny said as he slipped the deck of cards into his jacket, “I think a few more of these sessions and we can hit the big leagues, maybe in a month or two.”
“No, it has to be sooner,” Brent jumped in.
“What? Why?” His brother turned on him, shooting a stern look. Brent recoiled visibly.
“I promised the investor it would be sooner. But honestly, I don’t know why we need them when you’ve got this kind of cash, Benny.” Brent flapped a booklet of notes against his palm.
“The money’s fake, Brent.” Benny snorted, as though being forced to state the obvious. “Why would you make a promise like that?”
 “What?” Brent gaped as if he had been told the money was riddled with smallpox. “Shit, Benny. That’s low. You son of a bitch, you promised me you’d never screw with my head.” He dumped it disgustedly on the table.
“It doesn’t even look real. Now tell me about this promise you made, Brent? Why the hell am I hearing about this now? You swore to me there would be no bullshit.”
“There is no bullshit! What bullshit are you talking about?” Brent’s voice took on a defensive tone, one that seemed practiced. Impression was that this sort of exchange was ritual between the brothers. “I told them I’d get the cash in a month, tops.”
“You told them…” Benny’s words trailed off and he planted a hand over his eyes, frustration bubbling to the surface. “You already took the loan?”
“Obviously! What the hell do you think we’re doing here?! You thought I won the damn lottery? Scraped change out of the couch? And, for your information, it was a God damned miracle I convinced these people. My name is not exactly gold in money lending circles, brother. And may I remind you, you played your fair part in that. ”
“You told me there would be no bullshit!” Benny took a step forward. Brent’s hands shot up in surrender, reaching the limit of righteous indignation.
 “Okay, okay, relax. Shit. It’s not the end of the damn world. We just have to speed up the training.”
Benny stared in silence. Brent at first returned the stare defiantly, but soon diverted his gaze. Finally, Benny turned and left the room, Brent watching him go.
“I’ll let you know when the next meeting is,” Brent said to me softly, adjusting his collar in an attempt at regaining dignity, “It’ll be soon.”
“No problem,” I replied.
Brent exited and I stood alone.
All at once I was standing in the seedy hotel room of a seedy hotel in the seedy part of town. The magic had left. It was an ugly place.
After a moment I reached down and picked up my wad of money. I was not surprised to see that it did not even look remotely real. Or at least, I was not as surprised as I would have been a day or two ago.

* * *

The drive home, now early evening, was a slow one. 
I took my time, keeping well under the speed limit and doing my best to catch every traffic light when it was red.
As I neared the Clarence household anxiety began to return in spades. I had managed to distract myself with the poker training, put the demon from my mind and pretend it didn’t exist, but now it was back. In full force.
The closer I got, the more the tension mounted. At one point the moon even retired behind a wall of clouds, plunging the already dark night into a deeper level of gloom and shadows.
Eventually I pulled my car into the driveway and killed the engine, then sat and pondered my situation, weighing-up options and wondering if I could just spend the night roaming the streets.
Around me the world was silent. There was not a barking dog or even the wailing of a distant police siren to be heard.
I waited, wrestling with thoughts.
A glow was emanating from one of the house windows. It occurred to me that I had not faced my mother since knocking Clinton over the kitchen table. For that matter, I had not faced Clinton after knocking his ass over the kitchen table. That, however, seemed rather like a side note to my current predicament. 
Eventually I took a deep breath, threw open the car door and headed for the house. My hand reached for the doorknob, but before it even made contact the door was springing open. My mother stepped out, her face a mask of maternal concern.
“Jet?! Where have you been!?”
I shrugged helplessly and looked at her. In the low, yellow glow of the outdoor entrance light, her face seemed to be a strange foreign colour. A pale gold.
“I was worried, Jet. Why did you just leave?”
“I don’t know.”
“You should have spoken to me. I’ve been worried sick!”
“I’m sorry. I just didn’t…” My words trailed off.
She stepped back and allowed me into the house, then led the way to the kitchen table. Thankfully, Clinton was nowhere to be seen and no sign remained of my cupboard exploding shenanigans. A clean, shiny new cupboard door sat in place of the victim.
I sat. My mother took the seat across from me.
“Do you want some tea?”
“No mom. Thanks.” I couldn’t meet her eyes, choosing instead to stare at a wall. Her anguish was only making me feel worse. Although the idea of being alone in my room with a demon was severely unappealing, the idea of having to explain the situation to my mother was somehow worse.
She hesitated, then reached out and turned my face towards her.
“Tell me, Jet.”
“Some big things are happening to me,” I said softly.
“I know that. Are you forgetting I went through the same thing? Why didn’t you come to me for help?”
“I’m not sure it’s the same thing,” I muttered.
My mother had never faced a demon. Her Spirit had always been naturally high. I was pretty certain that she, like most other people, had heard the word “demon” only in point three of “Symptoms of an Above Average Spirit Level” on the High School brochure.
“Then explain it to me.”
“I’m not really in the mood, mother.”
“Jet!” The word was sharp, verging on a threat, and I flinched. Her face had lost its gentle concern and hardened into a demanding frown. “Tell me.”
All at once I was a little boy again being scolded by his mommy. My resistance melted and I decided she deserved an explanation.
I opened my mouth to speak but a realisation struck me suddenly dumb. I froze, reeling in shock.
“Mother…”
“What?”
“Did you just… manipulate me?”
Her eyes widened. Then her mouth popped open, making a little “O” of surprise. She fought with words, taking on the role of a child caught with a handful of cookies.
“You did, I know you did.” I was talking slowly, dealing with yet another world shattering revelation. “Just how often do you do it, mother?”
It may seem bizarre to you that I had never realised my mother might manipulate me, especially after being specifically warned. She is, after all, a registered magic user. What else would she be doing? The truth is that I had never even considered it until that exact moment. Why I had never considered it was, just now, becoming a bit of a mystery.
“How often do you do it?” I repeated, my voice rising.
“Jet…”
“Tell me, mother.”
She calmed, leaned back in the chair and her posture changed. There was a subtle shift of the kitchen’s ambience as I was released from a spell I had never been aware of.
“You’re my son, Jet,” she said softly, “And you know I care for you very much.” I knew she was consciously changing to a position of hurt indignation, but somehow I was helpless to resist the effect. 
“Of course I know that.”
“Then why would you accuse me of such a thing?”
“Because it’s true, isn’t it?” I said, attempting to be firm, but already my justified anger was draining away.
“You’re hurting my feelings, Jet.”
“I’m sorry.” All at once I was apologetic; the mere thought that my mother could have been manipulating me seemed ridiculous and began to fade. She was my mother, what had I been thinking?
“You look very tired. Perhaps you should go up to bed and have a nice rest?” Her tone was kind now, dripping with absolutely genuine maternal affection.
“Yes, I think I might just do that,” I agreed.
“Would you like me to bring you up some supper? You haven’t been eating and you’re looking awfully thin.”
“Yes, I am rather hungry. That would be nice, thank you mother.”
She gave me a smile and patted my hand gently. I stood, with every intention of going up to my room and having a nice sleep, but stopped in my tracks, a frown creasing my brow. There was a buzzing in my head, alerting me to the presence of danger.
Something had seemed very important a moment ago. What had it been?
A burning, roaring idea was suddenly hovering just beyond the range of conscious thought, demanding to be acknowledged. But it seemed vague and fleeting, an obscure image from a dream half remembered. I strained, reaching for the elusive idea, but it fluttered from my grasp like a bashful butterfly…
“Is something the matter, Jet?”
I looked over at her and she looked back, her face glowing with a disarming smile. The buzzing continued.
“I feel I’m forgetting something very important.”
“Never mind, scoot up to bed now and I’ll bring up a sandwich.”
“Okay, mother.”
I turned and took a step to the door, but there it was again; a thought, the shape of an idea, screaming at me for attention, pleading for me to understand it. The buzzing was intensifying. 
I stopped again and closed my eyes, focusing so hard my jaw clenched in effort.
All at once, the idea was released and came rushing forth, flooding back into my mind as easily as it had been cast out. My eyes popped open and I turned on my mother, fists clenched.
“How dare you? How dare you!?”
“Jet…?”
No, I would not allow it this time. I would not allow her entrance.
“What are you doing mother?! What are you doing up here?!” I tapped a finger to my temple, the words escaping me in a furious snarl. “How long have you been screwing with my mind?!”
She returned to a look of confused surprise, an almost identical expression to the first. The whole affair was starting to take on an overwhelmingly eerie feeling of artificiality.
A crazed thought flashed across my mind. Somehow, this woman was not my mother. It was an impostor, some kind of twisted doppelganger. But at the same instant I knew this to be untrue. It was my mother. Only, I was just seeing her for the first time in my life.
My anger was bubbling, looking to overflow and release in a confrontation. But, simultaneously, the buzzing sensation was sending me a clear and concise message; Get out. It said. Get out now, you’re in terrible danger...
I made my decision, closed my mouth and walked from the room.
I mounted the steps, two at a time, entered my room and closed the door behind me.
For a long moment I stood staring blindly at the floor, trying to understand what had just happened. Although the buzzing had faded, half of me was scared, terrified, she would follow me up the stairs.
I registered that my mind was still reeling, slowly gathering itself after being attacked and dominated for who knew how long. An intense disorientation set in.
Another pause, then I sat on my bed, leaned back and put my head on the pillow.
My mind was chaos. Memories flew in, hovered around, then drifted off again. A feeling somewhat similar to a drug trip I had experienced in college. It was as if the filing cabinets of my thoughts and memories had been shattered and needed to reorganise themselves.
Apparently at random a thought took centre stage in my mind’s eye.
I was under the table. Above me, I heard the voices of my mother and grandmother talking. I was young. Six? Eight? Maybe a little older?
The memory expanded, clarified and then engulfed me as I gave it my full attention.
I was there again. Back in our old house, the one with the red brick exterior and swimming pool in the back yard. That place, that house with which I associated a joyful childhood.
Above me, my mother and grandmother were talking. The loud, animated dialogue that I had at first thought was fighting, but later learned to be the communication of two very close individuals.
There, at that moment under the table, I was safe. As safe as a person could be. I was home.
In the real world, a smile was creeping across my face and a tear rolled down my cheek. I knew I had found my place of calm. And it was beautiful.

CHAPTER 7

I awoke the next morning to the sound of the phone ringing. 
My first thought was that I could not remember going to bed, a suspicion confirmed by the fact I remained in my clothes. Two days and nights and no change in garments. A new record I could add to the list of already staggering achievements in my lifetime.
My second thought was that I felt amazingly well rested for a man who had been terrified of the demon that may or may not spend its time lurking under the bed.
Well, success. Unintentional, but success nonetheless. I had managed to get some kind of control over my little tuxedo wearing friend, and that was not an accomplishment at which to sneeze.
The phone continued its persistent shriek and I hopped out of bed and went to answer it.
“Jet? Brent. You remember its Cecil’s birthday thing today, right?” He was sounding as chirpy as ever, his tone suggesting he had just been informed an unknown uncle had left him a small fortune.
“Oh. Of course.” No, I did not remember that it was Cecil’s birthday thing. “You still want me to be at that thing? You’re serious?”
“Serious as a kick in the nuts, partner. See you at twelve?”
“Sure. I guess.”
“Nice. Later.”
He hung up and I raked my fingers through my hair. The idea of having to brave The Whisperer, even for an artificial birthday party, was not one that inspired feelings of excitement, nor delight.
I glanced at my watch, realised I was due for Selena’s in two hours, and decided I best make some effort at not appearing too much like a homeless heroin addict. I turned back to my room for a shower and spotted a note taped to the door. It read; 

“Hi honey, let’s talk. Breakfast at the Sushi Palace 9am.
 On me. xXx. Mom.”

Ah. So it had not been a dream.
I paused and considered, my refreshed mind revisiting the previous night and replaying the incident.
Had I overreacted? Misunderstood the situation?
I toyed with the idea that perhaps lack of sleep and stress had played a part, that somehow I had tricked myself into believing my mother had been manipulating me, for what must have been my whole life. Surely that had been the case.
But no, this was not true, as much as I wanted it to be. I had felt it, clear as day and undeniable.
Did I want to go and speak to her? Did I want to face her? What new things would I learn about her now that I had a mind not inhibited by magic?
Yes, I did want to face her, and not only because she’s my mother and I owed it to her, but for another reason as well. What was it? What was that secondary reason, that feeling that was welling up inside me?
It was curiosity. A desire to know, a desire to understand how she did it. Because, despite myself, I was astonished at how incredibly good she had been at manipulating me. She had been doing it for who knew how long, and only now was I aware that anything had ever occurred.
Curiosity… and something else. Even deeper down in the recesses of my mind another thought was blooming, a thought I was more than a little ashamed to acknowledge.
I wanted to know how to do it. I wanted to be able to do it. I wanted these things for the same, tired old reasons anybody wanted power, because I could imagine what I would be capable of.
I could almost not believe my own seemingly uncontrollable attraction to having an advantage over others. It both excited and disgusted me.
With these thoughts still hovering in my mind I took a shower and changed clothes, finding, with very little surprise, that the only remaining shirt I had was still riddled with cupboard splinters.

* * *

Ten minutes later I was heading back out of my room, only to find Clinton halfway up the stairs, obviously having plucked up the courage to come and speak to me. He opened his mouth but I held up a silencing hand and descended the steps past him. As I reached the bottom a thought occurred to me and I turned back.
“She’s in your mind, isn’t she?”
A slide-show of expressions passed over his face; first shock, then realisation, and finally deep shame. He nodded.
“We’ll talk later, Clinton,” I said, trying to keep my voice level, “If I were you I’d think about getting out of here.” This last part was said as I grabbed my keys and exited the front door.
When I arrived at The Sushi Palace three decisions had been made.
The first was that I would leave the moment I found myself feeling disorientated, dreamy or, for that matter, overly happy. The second was that I would give my mother a chance to explain herself. The third, a choice I quietly admitted to myself with some level of concern, was that I would try not to get over excited and start shooting holes in the walls.
For about five minutes I sat in my car and prepared myself, idly watching the trickle of customers that entered and exited the restaurant’s enormous, Japanese style entrance way.
“See the magic just below the surface…”
Previously I would not have noticed, but now that I was looking for it, I spotted a very unusual pattern. Persons exiting the establishment were decidedly more upbeat than those entering. And, furthermore, there was a noticeable growing level of anticipation in those who approached. It was as if the building held an aura of ecstasy. I knew why, and it blew my mind.
Without knowing for a certainty which rules in specific, I was confident that my mother was grossly violating the established regulations of magic use. As I understood it, a person could not use Mental Manipulation and Influence to artificially boost the nature of a business in covert ways. It was legal to affect the morale and mood of employees, but this was allowed only under explicit agreement from those affected. Most companies organised teambuilding exercises, day events, or any occasion, really, where magic users whipped crowds up into a delighted, worker-bee frenzy. So powerful was the effect when implemented in this way that entire corporations saw productivity boosted for months. Even this though, was under direct consent of the employees influenced.
My next thought was how my mother was getting away with it. Such a horrifically bold violation was certainly noticed by the Enforcer assigned to monitor her. Last I had heard was that a registered magic user was investigated once every two months, and if even a sniff of unregulated magic was detected there was all kinds of hell to pay.
I took a deep breath, climbed out my car and headed for the entrance arch, passing a couple on the way that had a mesmerized pair of expressions on their faces. They were the kind of expressions you would expect to see on people who had just witnessed something mind boggling, or perhaps had just been told a particularly difficult to understand concept.
I entered into the restaurant and the buzzing fired up in my head, screaming out a clear message; “Beware!” 
I paused; waiting for a wave of what I assumed would be overwhelming euphoria. No such feeling occurred. Even as I strode across the main hall, glancing at the tables and busy restaurant staff, no unusual sensations made themselves clear, other than the buzzing which persisted relentlessly.
Finally as I took a seat at my table on the outside deck and left the sounds of activity muffled in the interior, I started to wonder if I was under a spell and could not detect it.
I closed my eyes and focused inward, trying to untie the knot in my gut and spot signs of unusual mental activity. I found none and relaxed a fraction, feeling in control. Apparently I was resisting the spell, or maybe just not being targeted by it. In response to this the buzzing faded and settled for being a faint background vibration, noticeable but not annoying.
“Hi, Jet!”
My eyes popped open and I found Linda blinding me with a thousand megawatt smile, her eyes so delighted she would surely be in some kind of asylum if seen by people in medical authority. For the first time, however, I found myself feeling a deep sympathy for the girl. The reasons for the manic love of her job were becoming very clear.
“Hello, Linda,” I replied, forcing myself to return the smile and achieving something that manifested as a grimace, “How are you today?”
“Great!” She squeaked the word. “How are you?! It’s so good to see you! I was just saying to your mom not a few hours ago, I hope Jet stops in, I’d love to see him!”
As I watched her pronouncing the words, scanning for signs of what must be full blown mental domination; I started to spot tell-tale symptoms that had gone unseen by me for years. Dilated pupils, a slight glisten of sweat on her forehead, dark shadows under her eyes she had attempted to cover with makeup. But, most obvious to anyone with a logical mind, her manic, strained smile.
“Linda, let me ask you something,” I said, already dreading the answer, “How many hours do you work?”
“Why, as many as I can, Jet, I must confess, I love it here! Don’t you?!”
“Okay. So, how many a day?”
“I don’t really count! Why do you ask?!” Her brilliant smile remained, even as her brow furrowed.
“I’m just curious.”
“I’ll tell you a little secret!”
“Yes?”
“I hate being away! Whenever I get time off and go home, I feel really sad! Like, I’m missing out on the stuff that’s happening here! Isn’t that silly?!”
“Real silly.”
“So, I guess I just prefer to be here whenever I can! This place is my home! I already think of your mom as if she’s my mom! I love her so!” She paused, the smile faltered and frown deepened. “Do you mind if I say that?!”
“Sure.”
“Great!” The smile returned to its previous brilliance. “That kind of makes us like brother and sister, doesn’t it?!”
This was the person my mother wanted me to date? This mindless robot? How long had she been this way? How long had my mother had her under this spell, a spell so deep it seemed to have become the very basis of the poor creature’s personality.
“Linda, listen to me!” I said, sharper than I had intended. She flinched. “How long have you been working right now?”
“I just worked a double! Twelve or so hours!? What’s wrong, Jet? You seem upset about something?!”
“When last were you at home?”
She paused to think and her eyes glazed and fixed on a space above my head. I watched her; morbidly curious to see what would develop.
The moment drew on. After what must have been at least a full minute, she blinked, looked at me, and beamed.
“Hi, Jet! How are you?!”
I reeled in horror. “Linda. Listen to me. My mother has you under a spell. She’s manipulating your mind, do you understand me?”
“What?!”
“You need to get the hell out of here, Linda! She’s in your head,” I lowered my voice, afraid of what might happen if I was overheard by other staff members, “Please, just get the hell out of here.”
“What are you talking about, Jet?!” But I could see something happening behind her eyes. She was staring at me as if trying to recognise an unfamiliar object, reaching for that fluttering thought. The one that knew what I was saying was true.
“Jet.” That was my mother. Approaching through the sliding door behind Linda with a little smile on her face. “Is Linda being helpful?”
Linda turned and her face lit up. “Hi, Mrs Clarence!”
“You know you can call me Liza.”
“I know Mrs Clarence…Liza,” Linda looked bashful, as if she was in the presence of a celebrity, “But it just doesn’t feel right!”
My mother chuckled, “You silly girl. Has Jet ordered something?”
“No, Mrs Clarence! He was just about to!”
I hesitated, wondering if Linda remembered a single word of what I’d said.
“Coffee. Two sugars.”
“Coming right up!” She scurried off leaving me alone with my mother.
I waited for a sensation of mental invasion, rigidly prepared to fight it off.
“She won’t listen, you know,” my mother said, casual and friendly, as if discussing the weather, “She chooses not to.”
“Why? Why are you doing it? This place is…” I struggled for the right words, “a house of horrors.”
At this my mother threw back her head and laughed, then stepped forward and took the seat across from me. “Don’t be so melodramatic, Jet. Every person in here is the happiest they’ve been in probably most their lives.”
“Because you’re in their minds, screwing with their thoughts,” I fought to keep my voice level.
“And?” She left the question floating, watching me with good natured curiosity.
“And it’s wrong,” I declared firmly. “You have a staff of zombies, slaving their asses off for you.”
“Oh my goodness.” she laughed again, a tinkling chuckle that would have been at home in a formal garden party. “Getting your dialogue from movies, son? Don’t be ridiculous, Jet. Everyone is slaving their asses off. What exactly are you doing at your job, if I may ask? Dancing in the tulips and loving every second of your life? Or is it just maybe possible that the employees here actually enjoy their jobs?”
“But they don’t enjoy it, you make them enjoy it!”
“And they know the difference? Slaving is a part of life, and I make that bearable. We have one of the most pleasant restaurants in town and a staff that genuinely love their jobs. They’re not underpaid, Jet. On the contrary, they’re paid very well. And they’re paid very well because they work so hard. Where is the crime, if I may ask?”
“But…” It made absolute sense. I blinked, still making every effort to detect manipulation and finding none. “It’s against the law.”
She smiled. “If you would like to, you can take Linda aside and break the spell. It won’t be hard, not at all, especially not for you.”
I frowned at her, trying to determine if she was genuine.
“I will make no attempt to stop you, Jet. Go right ahead. But,” she leaned forward over the table, “I want you to consider very carefully whether you think that girl will thank you.”
I considered at length, letting my eyes drift off to the pond which was sparkling magically as it reflected mid-morning sun.
“I say let her have happiness. At least she can live a life of enjoyment, if only we could all be so lucky.”
“She never had a choice,” I said finally, returning my gaze to my mother’s placid face.
“She chose the job, this job. Of her own free will. And she enjoys it. Why would you take that away from her? I won’t stop you. But I promise you this; that girl will be broken and she will hate you for it.”
A hand gestured towards the sliding door, Linda was stepping through with my coffee.
“Here’s your coffee, Jet!” She set it down in front of me.
“Linda,” my mother said, “Jet has something he’d like to discuss with you.”
Linda looked at me, glowing with unchained delight and boundless enthusiasm. “What is it, Jet?!”
I hesitated. This was not the kind of decision I felt qualified to make. It was someone else’s job, not mine, to call judgement on such insane situations. The law was absolutely clear about it. But I felt a conflict that could not be ignored. One clear fact was that if I could be truly, genuinely happy working at The Whisperer, I may just choose to do so.
It was obvious that this was not a solid answer to a much more complex issue, but there was no time to think deeper on the subject. Linda was staring at me expectantly. As was my mother’s intention.
“Good job, Linda,” I muttered, my voice reflecting zero commitment. She beamed in response.
“Thank you, Jet! I really appreciate you saying so!”
The two women shared a glance of syrupy delight, confirming a private joke that was apparently an area of much joy for them. To the naked eye it would have appeared to be a little gesture of female companionship, shared between a pair of close peers and equals. Boss and employee, yes, but oh how close they were.
When you knew that the reality was more that of an owner fondly petting a favourite dog, the effect was not so much heart-warming as stomach churning. The hidden magic just below the surface.
Linda turned and disappeared back inside, my mother watching her go with a wistful look of maternal fondness. I registered it as her conscious attempt to prove to me there was a real bond between them. I was not convinced.
“What about me?” I asked.
My mother’s head snapped back in my direction and eyes locked on my face. I felt her studying me, digging for clues.
“I want you to understand something, Jet,” the words were slow and measured, “I would never, ever make you do something against your will. You’re my son, and I love you. Do you understand that?”
I stared back, wondering if I dare believe this. “Are you in here right now?” I asked, touching an index finger to my temple. It was as much a question to her as myself.
“I can’t get in there,” she responded. “Not anymore. I don’t think you’re fully aware of what’s awakened inside you. We always knew it would happen.”
“We?”
“Your grandmother and I.”
The memory returned to me again in a quick slide-show of images; me lying under the table, safe in my solitude. Voices above me spoke animatedly.
“How do you do it?” I said, a little surprised to hear myself asking, even more surprised to realise how badly I wanted to know.
My mother registered the words with smug satisfaction. “You can do it too.”
“How? And how are you not getting caught? How could anyone be missing what is going on this place? Don’t you have an Enforcer?”
“Do you forgive me?”
“Forgive you?”
“For before. Do you?”
My mouth gaped. “Forgive you…?”
She nodded.
I couldn’t get my mind around any of it. Forgive her? I couldn’t even recognise her. My mother was gone. She had vanished and been replaced by this alternate personality.
“I’m late to see Selena,” I said shortly, downing my coffee and standing.
I stepped towards the door but was restrained as a hand grasped my wrist; every muscle in my body tensed and the buzzing in my head flared up. I prepared to make a run for the exit, calculating my chances of escape if every member of the restaurant staff were to attack at once.
“Jet.”
I looked down at her and was dumbstruck. Where previously there had been only level expressions of calm and control was now a mask of pleading. Hey eyes were glassy mirrors of fear, bottom lip on the verge of trembling.
“You won’t tell, will you?”
“Tell who?”
“The Enforcers….”
“I…” Words escaped me.
“Don’t tell, Jet. Please.”
I pulled my hand from her grasp and headed for the exit. Three minutes later I was on my way to see Selena.

* * *

The journey there took about forty five minutes, throughout which Linda’s face never left my mind.
Alerting Benny to the situation would have been the easiest thing in the world, taking as much effort as a single phone call. And that was, of course, the text book definition of the “right thing to do”.
I could envision the swarm of Enforcers that would descend on The Sushi Palace, gold buttons glittering and polished boots stomping in unison as they got into position surrounding the exterior. When finally the siege occurred, I imagined they were the kind of outfit that blasted first and asked questions later, (I didn’t know that for a fact, but it suited my mental state at the time,) a sort of reckless posse of expressionless hit-men with zero compassion. They would storm the building with clockwork efficiency, perhaps even blowing holes in the walls for easy access. And when finally they had their hands on my mother, silencing her would be an obvious top priority. I could picture in vivid detail her horrified expression as she was flung to the ground by an enthusiastic rookie, her body spinning like a rag doll and perhaps one shoe even flying off for added effect.
They would shut the place down, slap my mother in chains, shoot her up with drugs and throw away the key. The papers would publicise the Department of Magic’s ruthless judgment, serving as yet another testimony to those who might consider gaining an artificial benefit. For example, ripping off strangers in a high stakes poker game.
She was my mother and I loved her. Yes what she was doing was questionable, maybe even despicable. But having her turned into a human vegetable was just not an option. And Linda was happy. Wasn’t she…? 
With that final thought, I decided to put the issue to temporary rest.
The automated gate opened at my arrival, allowing me to travel the endless driveway and weave my way up into the garden of the Defence Training Offices. I settled into my parking space in the shadow of the mansion, not surprised to see the nameless assistant once again waiting.
“How are you feeling today, Mister Clarence?” she asked as I climbed from my car.
An unexpected paranoia washed over me. It did not seem impossible that Selena was somehow aware of my illegal transgressions. Not necessarily by magical means, although I was yet to learn what Logical Prediction was, but… somehow. Connections? Little birds? Spies? The grapevine?
These thoughts were obviously the ramblings of a guilty mind, but I could not shake the feeling of nagging expectation as I was lead towards the door.
“How are you today?” the still nameless assistant asked.
“I’m fine,” I responded, “Feeling much more energised.”
“Then you managed to get some sleep?”
“Yes.”
“No more accidents?”
“None.”
“Good. Household furniture can be expensive.”
She said it casually, but I thought I caught a hint of playfulness in her voice. How did she know?
We mounted the steps and entered through the oak doors.
“I don’t think I’ve ever caught your name,” I said, experiencing a need to keep casual conversation active.
“Jenny.”
“Nice to meet you, Jenny.”
“We’ve met before.”
“Right.”
We arrived in the waiting room and I automatically moved to enter into the main hall, but Jenny halted me.
“One moment, Mister Clarence.”
“What?”
“Wait, take a seat. Selena will come for you when she’s ready.”
“Oh. Okay.”
“Would you like some coffee?”
I opened my mouth to respond with a “yes,” but she was already stepping out and closing the door behind her. Odd habit that girl had.
I looked around and realised I once again found myself alone with a ticking clock and whole lot of suffocating silence. It was, against my own personal preference, starting to become a very familiar scenario.
Determined to not let the claustrophobia set in, and aware that I now had the added pleasure of lingering paranoia, I decided to mosey over to the display case and occupy my mind with a perusal of the exhibited glass statuettes.
A ballet dancer in mid-pirouette. A bull fighter gracefully sidestepping a charging bovine. A clown juggling. All the clichés were present, and all were shining with the amazing, reflective beauty that is a by-product of glass sculptures.
“See the magic just below the surface…”
Little breakable items tended to make me uncomfortable on principal, since I was convinced the things would conspire to shatter themselves with no assistance from myself. But as I continued to gaze into the display case I became aware of a curious sensation; overwhelming fragility, beyond the norm. I was struck by a feeling that the tiny items in front of me were the frailest objects on planet earth, so delicate and pure and that they virtually radiated perfection. They were perfection itself. There was something significant about this, I had no doubt, but what that was I could not place my finger on.
The double doors opened to my right and Selena stepped in, her presence dispelling the previous thoughts.
“Mister Clarence, forgive my tardiness.”
“Selena.”
“Please, this way.” She stepped to the side and gestured me into the hall.
I obediently stepped forward, relishing the moment I would be bathed in her fragrant scent. But as I approached, nostrils prepped and ready to work overtime, something interesting caught my eye.
It appeared to me that her skirt was hitched up an inch, sitting marginally higher on her thighs than was normal. At first I figured that this was just my imagination, or perhaps the wishful thinking of a hopeful mind, but the suspicion was confirmed as I drew closer. There was a wrinkle in the fabric of her skirt that ran the full circumference of her hips, an obvious indication that it had recently been pulled up and then not returned to proper position.
What, I wondered with equal amounts of lustful interest and genuine curiosity, had she been doing before summoning me?
I passed her, gliding through the tantalising envelope of perfume and skin cream aroma. But as I did, a second unusual abnormality was glanced from the corner of my eye.
I continued into the hall and decided to steal a look over my shoulder, more than a little curious to confirm if I had indeed seen anything. I did so, only to find her adjusting her skirt having noticed its improper positioning.
I feared for a second she may have noticed my line of sight, but her voice was as calm and level as ever.  
“Sit, Mister Clearance. I’m sure you are eager to get started.”
“Yes.”
I took my seat on the low couch, noticing that the damaged wall and marble floor had been prepped for repair, the loose bits of debris cleared away and edges of the holes squared off.
“You have found your place of calm, I assume?” she said, closing the doors and approaching the chair.
“I did yes. How did you know? You seem to know a lot.”
“In this case you are alive and unharmed, Mister Clarence. A good indication you have found your place of calm.”
“Ah.”
“Well then, I am listening intently.” She sat, crossed her legs and formed into the almost military posture with which I now associated her; back straight and head held level. I wondered if she even fathomed the meaning of the word “relaxed.”
“What am I telling you?” I asked, leaning back in my chair and taking a deep breath. The hall was a place I now assumed would hold a fair amount of unexpected happenings.
“Tell me of your place of calm.”
I considered mentioning the events that had occurred with my mother, assuming Selena could shed some light on the situation. But something told me she was not the kind of person who would be understanding and empathetic. “I found it by accident. Or, I guess I found it unintentionally.”
“Tell me.”
“I remembered a moment in my child hood. It made me calm.”
“Yes?”
“I think I mentioned it before, when you asked about my mother.”
“Indeed. Lying under a table, as I recall?”
“That’s right. I used to lie under the table when my mother and grandmother spoke.”
“What was so special about this moment?” Her head tilted, indicating genuine interest.
“I felt safe. Completely safe. I guess I had nothing to worry about in my youth. But then everyone’s child hood was like that. Wasn’t yours?”
She shook her head in response, a slow, calculated movement. “No.”
“Well, mine was. When my grandmother visited it was like a little Christmas every time. Lots of great food, smiling faces, laughter. My life was pretty much perfect back then.” Even as I spoke about my childhood an unintentional smile crept across my face.
“And you would crawl under the table?”
“Yes. After supper, when the dishes had been cleared, the family would play dominoes. I was too young to join in, so instead I just crept under the table. I would lie there and listen, sometimes till the sun came up the next morning.”
“Of what did they talk?”
I frowned, trying to remember. But the harder I tried the more they slipped into a fog of distortion. I didn’t have the faintest idea what had been said on any one occasion. “I can’t remember.”
“Well, perhaps it is not important, that you have found this memory is what matters. In your mind you have created what I call a peg, and upon this peg you have attached feelings of calm and control. This, Mister Clarence, is the single most powerful instrument in your possession. From this peg all other magic will be performed. It is the basis of your magic. Do you understand?”
I nodded. “Yes.”
“Good. Then I would ask you to close your eyes and find your place of calm now. Please, proceed.”
“Okay.”
I closed my eyes and rested my head against the couch’s leather exterior. At once I focused in on the memory, finding at first the image of my old house, then diving in deeper and locating the dining room table. There I was, resting beneath it with head on my arms. Above me, my mother and grandmother chatted animatedly as they sorted through the box of dominoes.
The memory was so clear and vivid I could feel the atmosphere of the familiar room, as if I had somehow summoned a pocket of the memory around my body.
My mind had never been so clear…
“Well done, Mister Clarence. You may open your eyes.”
I did so, amazed to see that Selena almost dared appear satisfied with my performance.
“You have good focus,” she continued, “With practice it will be possible to find this place of calm faster. There is no more reliable defence against your demon than returning to your place of calm.”
“Great.” Relief washed over me. At last, a real form of control.
“And it is only a small step from here to full control of your demon. You may gain full control before defeating your demon. It would make the process much easier.”
“Full control?”
“Sí. Allow me to demonstrate.”
The room shifted and I felt a contraction of the ambience, a sensation I now recognised as the summoning of a demon. The shadows expanded to swallow the light.
She looked towards the entrance door and I followed her gaze, as expected her demon emerged from the same spot as previously, coming into existence as an optical illusion. Although my encounters with demons were becoming alarmingly frequent, the sight of the fur coat, sequined dress wearing monster still managed to make my stomach implode.
The creature glanced around, turning its out-of-focus face to scan the room. Finally its blue eyes settled on Selena. She returned the stare with what appeared to be indignant acceptance.
For a long moment the two locked eyes. Then, slowly, Selena raised her hand and motioned for the demon to approach, moving her fingers in an elegant ‘come hither’ gesture.
“Approach,” she said softly. The demon walked forward on cue, its rolling hips reflecting unmistakable catwalk-model perfection. Seeing a creature so unnatural in appearance walk with such strikingly feminine attributes was more than a little unsettling. The hairs on my arms tingled in disease, but even as they did I was able to marvel at the dazzling effect created by sunlight catching the sequined dress. 
“Stop.” Selena held up her hand, the demon stopped in its tracks. “Approach.” The demon continued its advance.
“That’s amazing,” I muttered softly, mesmerised by the display.
The creature continued to draw nearer, and as it did, previously unseen details gradually became noticeable. I realised for the first time how thin its body was. From a distance the figure had seemed fashionably slim, filling out the dress just the right amount to be a properly proportioned feminine body. But now it became clear that the frame beneath the beautiful clothing was grotesquely underweight, most obvious in the bony hands and overly defined collar bone.
Still the demon advanced nearer, now within ten meters and increasing my revulsion with every subsequent step. I stole a quick sideways glance at Selena, confirming she still had control by the unchanged expression of calm occupying her face.
Five more steps and the demon would be on top of us. Selena raised her hand. “Stop.”
The demon stopped. And there it stood. I gaped, my feelings similar to observing a venomous snake from behind a sheet of glass; respecting you were safe but still unable to shake the awareness of potential danger.
“You see? It is under my control,” Selena said, her voice neutral as always, but with a hint of something else I could not quiet place. At first I thought it was amusement, but soon realised it was barely contained loathing. She hated her demon.
“How do you do it?” I breathed.
“Acceptance and Sacrifice,” Selena responded, “One must acknowledge that their demon is a part of them. They must understand and accept this part, and they must respect what has given it birth. When acceptance is achieved, control is just a short step away. Do you understand?”
“I’m not sure,” I replied.
“Good, that is honesty. And honesty is a good first step.”
Before me the demon raised an arm and extended a bony hand in my direction. I feared it a sign of hostility, but then recognised the palm down, limp-wristed gesture as the sort of greeting found in pretentiously upper class circles.
“What’s it doing?” I asked Selena, aware that I had begun unintentionally whispering.
“She is greeting you. Don’t be rude.”
“Is it safe?”
“I would not allow you to do something if I had not considered the risk. It is safe.”
The buzzing in my head had not started, so I rose to my feet, took a calming breath, and reached out for the demons hand. I had expected, perhaps because of the influence of modern literature and movies, that the hand would be cold to the touch. On the contrary, it turned out to be rather warm. Warmth, however, was where the association with “pleasant” ended; it felt as if I had grasped a bundle of fossilised dinosaur claws.
As I stood gingerly holding the hand of the grotesque horror, every muscle in my body tensed for a speedy escape, I realised I was living perhaps the moment of greatest personal courage in my life. Putting your head in a lion’s mouth was similar.
I withdrew my hand and took a step back towards the chair, keeping my eyes fixed on the demon and its indistinct face.
“Excellent, Mister Clarence,” Selena said, then gave a flick of her hand, “Be gone,” and the demon melted back into the surroundings, apparently revealing it had been only a trick of perception.
I sank back into my chair, breathless and more than a little amazed at what I had achieved.
“You see?” Selena said, “You are capable of great courage, as are we all, and courage is essential for controlling a demon. You have taken a great jump forward today, something of which I am proud.” Her tone reflected no such thing, but it was amazing to even hear the words emerge from her mouth.
“That was incredible,” I breathed, “You have that thing under your control?”
“Sí. It is under my control,” she confirmed, adding an edge to her voice, “But I assure you of one thing, it is not under my control at no cost. Its presence is a constant burden, and I would be grateful to be free of the shackles.”
I turned in my chair to face her, unable to contain my curiosity. “What happened? Why were you not able to defeat your demon? Why is it still here?”
“It was a failure on my part, Mister Clarence. A terrible failure that I deeply regret. I hope that I might help you avoid the same failure.”
“What kind of mistake?”
At this she paused and her expression went cold, barely noticeable but enough to indicate it was a prickly subject. “I would prefer if we concentrated on you, Mister Clarence. My past is none of your concern.”
I nodded. A part of me longed to hear what she might have to say, desperately curious to understand what she considered to be a “failure”. Another part of me acknowledged that I felt somehow unworthy to be allowed a glimpse of this profoundly intimidating woman’s mind, like the information was sacred in nature.
“Tomorrow then,” she continued, “you will attempt to take control of my demon. Should you succeed, it will not be long before you are capable of confronting your own demon.”
“Okay.”
“It would be wise to practice finding your place of calm.”
“I’ll do that.”
I stood, accustomed to her unceremonious farewells, and headed for the door. But her voice cut through my clicking footsteps.
“Mister Clarence.”
I stopped and turned back. “Yes?”
“It is customary for a trainer to monitor his or her student. Did you know this?”
“No.”
“It is to ensure that a student comes to terms with their new abilities. It is also to ensure that a student does not get mixed up in illegal activities.”
“Right.” My heart slammed on brakes. She knew. I attempted to keep my voice level and did so admirably under her scorching brown gaze. “What kind of illegal activities?”
“Just promise me, Mister Clarence, you will not do anything against the law. It will reflect very badly on both of us.”
“But what…”
She cut me off. “Promise me.”
“I Promise.”
“Good. I will see you tomorrow.”
I turned back for the exit, heart cranking up into overdrive to make up for lost time.

CHAPTER 8

Cecil’s ‘birthday thing’ was everything I had hoped for, consisting of coloured paper party hats, the kind that came in packs of twenty and had the piece of elastic that snapped after an hour of wearing, soda served in paper cups, a pathetic looking chocolate cake, and, as crowning cherry, a sagging banner that boldly announced; “Happy 39th Cecil”.
When I arrived The Whisperer staff had already begun the awkward ritual of hovering around attempting to make small talk, unsure if they should be happy to not be working, or indignantly outraged at being forced to masquerade as friends.
Of the two dozen odd guests I recognised perhaps six people by sight, none of whom were on a level I would consider anything more than mild acquaintances. Among the faces I spotted Claudia, my favourite ice queen receptionist, and my boss Paul, the same man who had indicated punctuation for the word “handy” with his fingers.
Obediently I strapped a paper hat to my head, accepted a cup of orange soda, and proceeded to plaster the most convincing smile of which I was capable to my face.   
Inside a small part of me shrivelled and died. I registered that, inevitably, this pathetic scene was my future at the Whisperer, if I failed to find an alternative. A 39th birthday highlighted by cheap paper party hats and cheaper soda, some horrific punch line to a life spent slaving away like a depressed pack-mule. I wondered how Linda would react to her 39th birthday at the Sushi Palace. I was willing to bet it would be with shrieks of delight among equally delighted co-workers.
After a few sentences of feeble small talk with a distracted, middle aged woman whose name may or may not have been Cinda, I spotted Brent signalling me from across the room. He had gone all out in promoting an atmosphere of merriment; daring to strap two cone-shaped party hats to his head in what must have been the “outrageous” highlight of the occasion. The effect created was that he had sprouted a pair of colourful horns.
“Excuse me a moment,” I said to (who may or may not have been) Cinda and approached Brent who was once again doing a sterling job of not appearing suspicious by acting as suspicious as possible.
“Training tomorrow,” he muttered to me conspiratorially, pushing a folded piece of paper into my palm, “Don’t be late.”
I unfolded the paper and read the address.
“Not here!” Brent hissed. He snatched the paper from my hand and glanced around frantically, attempting to spot the multitude of sleeper agents that were bountiful in number and keenly on the lookout for sneakily traded pieces of paper. “Are you insane?!”
“Brent, I really think you overestimate the capacity of the average person to spot illegal exchanges.”
“Just… you never can be too careful,” he snorted, stuffing the paper into my top pocket. “Don’t be late.”
“I won’t.”
“Good. Now listen, we need to have a talk, Jet, just you and me.”
“About what?”
“It’s about Benny.” He lowered his voice, though not a single person seemed to be paying the slightest bit of attention.
“What about him?”
“Look, he can get a little intense, you know? I’m sure you’ve probably noticed.”
“Not really.”
“Just know that I’m with you, buddy, alright? I got you into this, and we’re gonna stick together through the whole thing. Right?” He was giving me what was intended to be a supportive look, but the coloured party hats robbed him of credibility.
“Sure, I follow.”
“Good. I’m with you, bro. Whatever Benny does we’ll stick together, don’t you forget it. Partners, right?”
“Right, partners. I won’t forget it.”
“Good. Great.” He looked satisfied we had achieved a solid amount of bonding. “Now, let’s get this party over with, partner.”
With that he cleared his throat and addressed the crowd, “Ladies and gentleman, can I have your attention please?”
The general murmuring died down and the crowd took up positions to hear the customary speech. I spotted a short man who must have been Cecil, his expression reflecting a permanent taste of lemons in his mouth. The label on his shirt clearly identified him as the “Birthday Boy”. I felt a deep amount of sympathy for the man.
“Now, we all know and love Cecil,” Brent continued, adapting an affectionate tone, “and nobody can deny that he is quite the character. I mean, who can forget that little incident at last year’s Christmas party?” The crowd confirmed they remembered Cecil’s Christmas party shenanigans with a series of knowing chuckles. Cecil did his best to beam with pride, but succeeded only in a strangled grin. “But let’s leave the past in the past and focus on the here and now. It’s big Cecil’s 39th, his last year as a youngster, and I suggest we all do our best to make it a memorable year. Shall we?” Brent raised a cup of soda in a toasting fashion and got a smattering of applause. “Before we get all caught up with the praise, let’s spare a thought for that neglected plant we are all aware that Cecil-”
“Why don’t you shut up so that we can all have some cake already?” This interruption was from Paul. All heads turned towards him. His tone suggested it was meant as joke and the crowd laughed nervously.
“Right, of course,” Brent stammered on, his flow broken, “As I was saying, we never did have a funeral for that poor plant, but I can assure you I will never forget the-”
“Sit down! I’m hungry over here!” Paul jumped in again, visibly relishing the crowd’s obedient chuckle. 
Brent deflated, “Happy birthday, Cecil. Let’s get some cake.”
There was a general movement towards the cake. Cecil looked disorientated, as if he expected the parade of strippers were yet to be announced.
I let my eyes drift over to Paul and settle on his round spongy face, the features still reflecting perverse pleasure achieved publicly mocking Brent. It was apparently not an abnormal thing to happen, since no one seemed concerned about it, but the lingering aura of indignation still clung to Brent.
It was behaviour I did not understand. What Paul had gained from the display of domination was a mystery, and I guess the inner workings of a mind like Paul’s would always remain unknown.
Or would they?
Without realising what I intended, I found the childhood memory beneath the table, centred in on it and felt the wave of calm envelop me. My focus intensified on Paul’s face. Around me, the office began slipping deeper into the shadows. The sounds of casual chatter were muted.
The truth was that Paul was not so different from myself. As much as I preferred to think that I could never relate to a short, semi-bald, mid-forties man who got his jollies prodding those in positions of lesser authority, at the core we were ultimately very similar.
My surroundings became completely detached. Paul’s face, gazing into the crowd with a smirk, became ever more in-tune and precise.
What would I be thinking if I was Paul? What would I be feeling if I were a short overweight man whose hair had gone the way of the dodo? 
I watched, taking in every detail. Things started to take shape. I recognised Paul, and he was no stranger.
As he gazed over the crowd, who were still clustering to get a piece of cake, the expression on his face took on a new level. He was attempting to catch someone’s eyes, eager to get a look of approval or an acknowledgment. He desperately wanted someone to reach out to him and register his superior position. But, much to his dismay, people chose to avoid him. People chose even to avoid his eye contact. This made him uneasy. More than uneasy, this made him anxious.
What was the need for mocking Brent?
People liked Brent. He made them laugh, he made them smile, and they enjoyed his company. This was something Paul had never experienced. He believed it was because he was generally unattractive. He had also believed that if he achieved a position of seniority people would show him more respect. He had, of course, been wrong on both counts.
Inexplicably, in his opinion, he had not received more respect after becoming a manager. In fact he noticed people only tended to avoid him more. Annoyed by this phenomenon he looked around and saw Brent; a not especially remarkable man getting along with everyone. Why? How? It baffled him. And when thing’s baffled Paul, his response was to bring them down. Drag them down, force them onto his level and mock them.
I noticed the unnatural ruddiness that gave a shade of colour to Paul’s puffy cheeks, something which previously I had missed. 
And he drank. His own little personal crutch. There was a bottle of liquor, most likely hidden in his top drawer, from which he would take a swig a few times every day. He believed it aided him, made him funnier, made him more approachable to others. In reality it made him louder and quicker with his mouth. Achieving nothing but the incident which I had just witnessed.
I released my focus. The room returned to its previous state with a small jolt and my stomach lurched.
I blinked, giving myself a moment to readjust to reality, and confirmed with a quick glance that no one had noticed my spell. All were now standing in little groups holding paper plates of cake.
No one, except for Brent. He stood a few meters away with an expression of stunned accusation on his face. “What the hell are you doing?” he mouthed at me.
I shrugged in response, not entirely sure myself, but fully aware of the exhilaration that made my head float. I was intoxicated and the sensation was threatening to run away from me.
The level of connection I had felt with Paul was a step up from what had occurred at the poker training. Deeper, more engrossing, on the verge of all consuming. I knew that from that deep connection there were many things I was capable of doing, or perhaps forcing others to do.
I knew Paul like I knew myself. And, there was no other way to put it, I found him to be pathetic. Pathetic in a way that was beyond even the standards set by Clinton. In fact, he made Clinton look downright legendary by comparison.
A need to lash out overwhelmed me, so deep it seemed to be ringing in my loins. Bring Paul down. Make him take a good look in the mirror and be disgusted at his own feeble reflection.
Before I could stop myself I was walking forward.
I passed by the cake table, took a plate and approached him as he stood apart from the others with hands shoved in pockets. I thrust forward the plate and he took it, looking up at me in mild surprise.
“The liquor doesn’t help,” I said, not sure where the words were coming from, “It makes it worse.”
I watched as his brain attempted to process the sentence. His first reaction was a defiant scoff, one that said; “What are you talking about?” But when I made no indication it was a joke his expression soon morphed into bewildered horror.
There was a long pause. Others heard the comment and were looking over.
Finally, as Paul’s confusion deepened and his mouth dropped open, I decided the mission was accomplished and turned away, ready to head for the exit.
Brent was staring at me with his eyes bulging, but the haunted grin suggested he approved of the occurrence; even if he couldn’t quite believe it.
I headed for the door and a random snippet of awed conversation floated after me; “What did he just say?”
In the reception area I came upon Claudia alone at her desk with a plate of cake. Apparently the little party had not been her scene.
“Hello, Claudia,” I said. She looked up and rolled her eyes dramatically. “Didn’t like the party?” I continued.
“No.”
“That’s too bad.”
She returned her attention to the computer, putting so much commitment into ignoring me it had to be admired for professionalism.
It took me less than a second to make the decision. I focused on her face, found my calm and performed the spell, quicker this time. The reception area seemed to contract around me, and already the process of mental invasion was becoming easier.
Attention craving… Low self esteem… fear of rejection… obsession with status…
… and in the blink of an eye I understood her as if she had been my twin. 
Not surprisingly, Claudia turned out to be only marginally less pathetic than Paul. And also not surprisingly, her attitude was firmly rooted in a need to be perceived a certain way. Only, instead of liquor, Claudia settled for being a bitch.
She squirmed under my persistent gaze, pretending I wasn’t staring. But soon looked up with a scowl. “Is there something you wanted?”
“Why do you ask?”
“You’re staring at me.”
“Well I was just thinking,” I said, “have you ever considered wearing your hair up?”
She paused, taken aback that I had dared engage her. As if I considered myself an equal.
“You should try it,” I continued, striking while the iron was hot, “I think it’ll really look good on you.”
Her eyes glazed as she scrambled to find the correct response for the completely unexpected, and settled for a rather uncommitted; “I think I’ll be okay,” then turned back to the computer. My cue to shuffle off in belittled defeat. I did not take the cue. Instead I approached and leaned on the desk, imposing myself with a savage confidence hitherto unknown. I could almost hear the glassy shattering of her imagined personal bubble.
Seven minutes and thirty-six seconds later Claudia was shoving me into an empty office, her lips locked over mine in an eagerness that verged on desperation. I was not certain, but it was likely the first kind of physical contact she had had in a long time.
She pushed me backwards, sending me stumbling blindly until I nearly fell over a desk, then her eager hands tore open my shirt and began clawing at my chest. (It would be a blatant lie if I said I had experienced something even remotely similar up till that point.) I returned the favour, ripping open her blouse and finally getting a look at those perky, forbidden-fruit breasts.
She paused, staring at me with nostrils flaring and lips parted, then gripped the sides of my face and kissed me with brute force. I accepted her with unrestrained eagerness, hands groping and exploring.
Next she was forcing me onto the desk with an alarming amount of strength. A plastic cup of pens went clattering to the floor as I sprawled on its polished wooden surface. Then in a most unladylike fashion, she hiked up her skirt, kicked off her high heels, mounted the desk and straddled my body, leaving no doubt as to where this unexpected detour would be heading.
Unfortunately it was at that moment, mere seconds before I could have proudly declared myself as “the guy who did the hot receptionist”, Claudia raised herself up to get a more comfortable position. A shaft of light entering between the half closed blinds caught her face and illuminating her expression, revealing a deplorable reality.
Dilated pupils, sheen of sweat on her forehead, and the dead give-away, a maniacal grin on her lips. She was the splitting image of Linda.
I had her under my spell, and was about to have sex with a woman who would likely not understand what had happened five minutes after it occurred. I was about to, for lack of a better term, date rape a woman.
Oh no. Oh dear. How had we got here?
She leaned in again but I turned my head.
“Wait, get off me Claudia.”
She ignored the words, turned my head back with a firm hand and attempted to kiss me. I resisted.
“I said get off me!”
I sat up with more effort than intended and she went tumbling off the desk, landing on the floor with a jarring thump.
A moment before exiting the office I turned back, intending on saying something along the lines of “I’m late for an appointment”, but was struck speechless by the sight that met my eyes. There she sat on the floor, staring at me. The maniacal grin was gone, and in its place was an expression that spoke of bewilderment and shock. Most of all it was an expression that spoke of horror.
She slowly pulled her blouse closed and tucked her legs up to her chest, attempting to hide her exposed breasts.
“I’m so sorry Claudia,” I managed. Then exited.

***

My drive home was one of severe mixed emotions.
Having used magic spontaneously twice in one day had left me with an artificial high that can only be described as nearing ecstasy. Yes it was part of the juvenile thrill that came with breaking the law, but there was also a kind of residue that seemed to remain after extending ones Spirit. A glowing after-effect that temporarily heightened senses and loaded me with energy.
And yes of course there was the constantly escalating feeling of power as I learned the feats of which I was capable.
This ecstasy, however, was grossly contrasted by another feeling. Guilt.
Claudia’s image floated into my head. The haunted look in her eyes, like a person discovering they had woken up in a foreign country, seemed to be burned into my mind’s eye like a photograph. I had done that, I had put her in that situation, and let me assure you, it was a tough realisation you were capable of putting that expression on a person’s face.
The way she had drawn her knees up and pulled her blouse tightly around her body, the same as, yes; a rape victim. You needed only add a running shower to complete the scene.
“Never again,” I told myself. Never again would I subject a person to that kind of mental domination. Never again.
And what about the poker game…?
I arrived home as the sun was starting its descent towards the horizon. My intention had been to head upstairs and practice finding my place of calm before turning in early, aware that facing a demon was on tomorrow’s agenda. But as I opened the front door a voice sounded from the kitchen.
“Jet.” Clinton’s voice.
I paused, considered ignoring it, but knew I couldn’t. Not anymore.
I changed direction and headed for the kitchen, finding Clinton as expected; alone at the table. He had decided to start building a miniature pyramid in the table’s centre out of empty beer cans, making a little adventure out of getting drunk. I did note he was doing a rather admirable job on the pyramid design; a solid base, three stories high and even a “capping stone” that consisted of two carefully balanced, crushed cans. The beer currently in his hand I estimated to be his ninth.
“Hello, Clinton,” I said calmly, meeting his unsteady gaze past the pyramid’s flank.
“Hello, Jet,” he responded with a half-baked grin, “Have a seat.”
I did so, slipping rigidly into the chair across from him. Despite the fact I knew him to be a mental slave, under the influence of who knew how many spells, I still didn’t much care for the company of a man who was flat out drunk with the sun still in the sky. Though I had to admit I now had a very deep sympathy for the man. Linda and Claudia were proof positive of the extended effects of these spells, and it was no exaggeration to say I would have been a drunk myself in his position.
 Somehow the fact that the beer pyramid partially obscured him from view made the situation more bearable. Something to do with personal barriers, I guessed.
“Nice pyramid,” I commented.
“You like it?” he said brightly, a slur becoming apparent.
“Sure. I like the capping stone.”
“Yes, I thought it was quiet the unique innovation.”
I nodded sagely, as if admiring a sculpture of fine craftsmanship. The moment drifted off into silence, both of us knowing the issues, neither wanting to be the first to bring it up. 
“Did you really kill Critter?” he asked at last.
I nodded. “Yes.”
“Why?”
“It was an accident.”
“I loved that cat. He was all I had.”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
He sighed and trailed back into silence. When he spoke again his voice was softer. “It becomes a thing you just come to accept after a while.” His gaze slowly lowered and fixed on the beer in his hand.
“The domination?” I asked, perhaps a bit tactlessly. He nodded. “Most people don’t know, as far as I understand.”
“I knew,” he continued, “Well, I had an idea at first. I noticed strange things. Couldn’t understand decisions I was making.” A distant look was coming to his eyes. He was vocalising thoughts that had been kept secret for a long time. “Then I heard someone mention it. Someone mentioned she was a magic user, and I sort of knew. But even though I knew, I didn’t do anything. I just kept going with it. I’m not sure why.”
“I think maybe that’s the way it works,” I muttered softly, fascinated to hear how Clinton experienced the domination.
“She doesn’t want me to get a job,” he declared, looking up and meeting my eyes with a weak grin. “She likes me the way I am.”
“What do you mean?”
“She doesn’t want me to get a job!” he repeat, like delivering the punch line of a classic joke. I squinted, not fully understanding. “Independence! She doesn’t want me to have independence! She needs me this way, relying on her, living off her. It makes her feel… needed. Important.” His eyes glazed again. “I’m a pet. Something she can come home to that makes her feel vindicated.”
I reflected on the interaction between my mother and Linda, the little look they had shared. I had thought then how Linda was a sort of pet, and guessed it was a similar relationship between my mother and Clinton.
“How is she getting away with this?” I asked, “The whole restaurant, the whole Sushi Palace, you, surely someone noticed. Her Enforcer?”
“Not sure,” he muttered, “Not sure.”
“Clinton, look at me.” He took a sip of beer and did as he was told. “Why don’t you just leave?”
“Leave? To what, Jet? I have nothing. I’m exactly where she wants me. I have nothing.” His head hung on his shoulders and he slipped back into silence, seeming to retreat into a mental safe zone. I watched, waiting for him to speak again, but he remained quiet. I leaned to the right for a clear view of him past the pyramid’s flank.
“Clinton,” I said sharply. His head lifted, revealing an expression that seemed to say he had forgotten I was present. This was either an indicator he was reaching a deep, stupid level of drunkenness, or that a spell was starting to kick in, triggered by his open speaking of the situation. “I’ll help you leave,” I said firmly.
“You’ll help me leave?” His slurring had increased.
I nodded. “Yes. I can get you out. I’ll help you. I’ll find you a place to stay, get you a job.”
He considered this, his eyelids now drooping. “Wasting your time, Jet. Forget it.”
With that he laid his head on the table and closed his eyes. I watched, wondering if I should try again, but guttural snoring soon followed. I stood, grabbed a sandwich and headed upstairs.
Upon entering my room I felt an immediate pang of fear begin to claw its way into my mind. My demon would not be put to rest so easily.
I had felt relatively at ease throughout the day, confident that my established place of calm would be a sure fire defence against any invasions. But now that I found myself faced with the familiar environment, that confidence was starting to wane.
Determined to convince myself of control I sat cross legged on my bed and zoned in on the memory. It took only moments before my body was bathed in a satisfying calm.
I decided to see how long the state of mind could be held, and amazingly managed to stay completely focused for over an hour. Then the first interruption 
This interruption, which at first I did not realise to be my demon, came in the form of a scratching noise, emanating from the direction of my closed curtains. Soft at first, I assumed it to be a branch brushing against the window in a breeze, but the more I noticed it the louder it became.
Scratch scratch scratch… like a fingernail being dragged over a rough surface.
By that time the buzzing in my head started to make itself very clear; “Beware! Beware!”
Well aren’t demons resourceful little creatures?
I reasoned that opening my eyes and investigating behind the curtain would equate to complete failure. There was not a doubt in my mind that even if I did look there would be nothing to see, but that dedicating that much energy to investigation was exactly what my little tuxedo wearing friend was aiming for. Opening a door. If I looked, I was allowing the creature back into my mind. I simply had to keep focused and ignore the intrusion.
Scratch, scratch, scratch, scratch… the sound persisted, increasing in frequency and growing louder. My eyes remained closed and I refocused on the memory, trying to bar out the festering panic that was taking root in my stomach.
The table, I’m under the table. Above me, I can hear the voices of my mother and grandmother. Safe. I feel completely, undeniably safe…
Scratch, scratch, scratch, scratch … louder and louder, so loud that it started to feel as if the scratching was inside my head, rattling my teeth and shaking my skull like a pot filled with pennies. My focus was slipping.
I’m under the table. Above me, I can hear the voices of my mother and grandmother. Beneath me, I can feel the texture of the carpet; that old, shaggy brown carpet that I spent so much time being acquainted with. I’m safe, absolutely, undeniably safe. I can hear the clicking now of dominoes being placed sharply on the table. A reassuring sound, a calming sound, indicating that all was right with the world.
The memory consumed me. All at once the scratching stopped and I was once again alone in my room.
Silence.
When I opened my eyes and breathed a sigh of relief, it was only marginally surprising to see my room bathed in darkness. A glance at my watch revealed that it was nearing 11pm; I had been sitting cross legged on my bed for almost six hours.
Clinging to my feeling of tenuous victory, I lay down and let sleep embrace me.
CHAPTER 9

Next morning as I watched the Defence Training Office’s gates clatter open, a severe knot had developed in my stomach. The reasons for this knot stemmed not only from the fact I was about to face a demon, but also a certain phone call I had received before leaving the house.
The call had been from the Whisperer, informing me that I was now officially unemployed.  This came as no surprise. After all, as satisfying as it had been seeing the look on Paul’s face, his reaction was as predictable as the rest of his personality. On the upside; since the claim had already been approved the Whisperer was obliged to pay for the rest of my training.
 It was indeed a relief to be free of the suffocating corporation, but I knew this would soon pass as poverty set in. I suddenly found myself very dedicated to the idea of Benny and Brent’s poker con. 
Claudia on the other hand I assumed would not be too verbal about our encounter. She likely assumed her actions had been of her own accord, and although this meant she was seriously questioning her own mental stability, I guessed I was in the clear as far as the law went. Although a relief, it did not ease the guilt still lingering in the back of my mind. 
I had taken the drive over to the Defence Training Offices to reflect on these new developments, and also on the scratching incident of the night before. On closer inspection I found the ordeal to be rather more disturbing than at the time of its occurrence.
The demon was getting more aggressive and more creative, and I imagined that the longer I kept it at bay the more innovative it would become. As to what I would face next I dared not guess.
I parked my car and was greeted again by Jenny the assistant, looking as professional and finely groomed as ever.
“Hello, Mister Clarence, so good to see you.”
“Likewise.”
“I hear you will be facing Miss Stephania’s demon this morning. How exciting.”
“Yes. I admit to being a little apprehensive.”
“I’m sure you’ll do just fine.”
She led me up the stairs and into the waiting room.
I stepped towards the double doors but hesitated, remembering the unexpected events of my last visit. I wouldn’t want to interrupt Selena with her skirt hitched up…
“Shall I wait?” I asked Jenny.
“Go ahead, Mister Clarence. Good luck.”
“Thanks.”
Inside I was surprised to see that the traditional chair and low couch moved to sit against the far wall, making a maximum amount of room available in the central area. The effect was that the already large floor space now seemed twice the size, almost to the point of absurdity. I imagined that a football field might fit into the room.
Selena, one hand placed on hip, stood waiting for me beneath the majestic chandelier.
“Mister Clarence,” she said, her voice echoing dramatically, “I am pleased you are always so punctual.”
“Well, I try,” was the only response I could manage, never sure how to take her compliments.
“Don’t delay, we should get started immediately.”
I moved to join her, wondering what was going to occur that demanded my favourite couch be shunted aside.
“How was your evening?” she asked, her eyes following me as I approached.
“I’ve had better.” I responded, “My demon has taken to scratching at the window. It was a bit concerning.”
“Yes. This is a good sign.”
“Really? Do tell.”
“Your demon is becoming alarmed at your progress. This action is one of desperation, indication that it is afraid. It knows the end is near, and rightly so. But be warned, Mister Clarence, the longer it is kept bottled, the harder it will fight to be free. A cornered animal can be a deadly adversary.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
I took a position standing beside her, the both of us facing the wooden doors through which I had entered.
“Shall we begin?” she asked, glancing at me sideways.
“Let’s do.”
“Tell me, Mister Clarence, what is the worst thing you could do if faced by an angry lion?”
I considered this. It seemed there were very few good things to do when faced by a hungry lion. “Get eaten?”
“Run,” she said smoothly, choosing to once again not register the superior levels of my wit. “Running is by far the worst thing to do. A lion is programmed to chase prey, and giving it a target to chase is a declaration that you wish to be that prey. Do you understand?”
“Yes. But I’m fairly certain that not running is just as dangerous.”
“Don’t miss the point, Mister Clarence. Running, although your primary instinct would not be wise. I am saying so because this is often a person’s first response when facing an unbound demon. Do not run.” She paused, then added, “In the highly unlikely case of facing a lion, I’d recommend climbing a tree.”
“Climb a tree, got it.”
“You must face a demon, Mister Clarence. You must face it and assert your dominance. Know that you are in control, and it will be so. Do you understand?”
“I think so.”
“Good. Do not panic. Do not be afraid. Do not let it dominate your mind. It is the slave, you are the master, act like one. And remember, being in a place of calm is your invaluable ally in such cases. I assume you have practiced?”
“Yes.”
“Good. I will summon the demon, and you will take control of it.”
“Okay.” My heart was starting to pick up pace. Not a good start.
“Get ready, Mister Clarence. Let this not be a case of tanto nadar para morir en la orilla.”
“What?”
“Do not come this far to fail so close to your goal.”
With that she focused her attention on the doors, and I knew there was no turning back.
The ambience contracted, the light drained, the demon emerged. I stared at it, my heart racing. Beside me Selena took a step back.
Her demon, looking disorientated, seemed to be trying to assess the situation, cocking its head and regarding me with curiosity. It took a hesitant step forward.
Now was my time.
With a shuddering breath I squared my shoulders and faced it, trying my best to give off an aura of control. In my chest, my heart still hammered away like a frantic drum. It took another step forward.
“Stop!” I declared, horrified to hear the quavering in my voice. It took another step forward, not looking any more intimidated than a brick wall.
Panic blossomed in my stomach. The very instant it did, the demon began a quick forward advance, the long, luxurious fur coat fluttering behind it like a cape.
My blood froze and I stepped back. Immediately a hand rested on my shoulder preventing further retreat. Selena’s voice spoke from behind my right ear. 
“Do not falter, Mister Clarence. Do not let it control you. Find your place of calm.”
I drew strength from her voice, bolstered my courage and squared up a second time. The demon continued its advance, now only twenty meters away.
I reached for my place of calm, fumbled for a few seconds against the growing panic, but managed to find it. The tension melted.
All that was needed now was for me to assert my dominance, a task seeming far less daunting from a calm mind.
But that’s not what happened. Whether it was on purpose or not I’m uncertain, but before I knew what was happening my eyes were focusing on the demons distorted face. Then the room faded around me and lost its significance. My stomach lurched, like going over a dip on a rollercoaster, and I was being consumed by most peculiar sensation…
I was looking around in bewilderment. It seemed I had been standing on the spot for a long time, but could not recall how I came to be there.
The next thing that occurred to me was that I was in an unfamiliar environment. Around me was the most incredibly vast, amazingly designed hall I had ever seen. So big, in fact, that it put Selena’s impressive training hall to ugly shame. With a quick estimation I guessed the space could comfortably swallow a five story building.
I looked around in awe, taking note of majestic, gargantuan white pillars that stretched up to a domed ceiling, a magically perfect marble floor that seemed to go on forever, and distantly, walls that were veined with gold patterns that made my heart flutter. 
Vaguely I was aware that I should not have been there, that I was supposed to be somewhere else. But these thoughts seemed obscure and unimportant.
A sound caught my attention; a repetitive clumping sound, like someone running.
I turned on the spot, looking around to find the source of the noise, and unexpectedly spotted Selena just a few meters behind. She was jogging on an exercise treadmill, dressed in white trainers and a rather fetching pair of workout tights.
“Hello, Selena,” I said, my brain choosing to not acknowledge the absurdity of the situation.
“Hello, Mister Clarence,” she responded breathlessly, her black hair bouncing rhythmically with each step.
I watched her for a few moments, noting that the pace she was keeping would have her out of breath in a few minutes. It was simply too exhausting a speed to keep up for any length of time.
“You’re going too fast,” I said, trying to be helpful, “You should slow down or you’re going to get tired.”
“I’m fine,” she responded indignantly, but beads of sweat were already forming on her forehead.
I continued to watch, waiting to see how long she could keep it up. Suddenly, as if it had been present all along, I noticed that directly behind her treadmill lay an enormous, yawning pit, sinking down through the marble floor and deep into the earth. It emanated an unearthly red glow and was rimmed by jagged spikes like massive teeth. The fact that such a thing could not exist did not occur to me, what did occur to me is that if Selena lost her balance or failed to keep pace, she would be thrown into the eagerly waiting maw.
“You should be careful,” I said, my matter of fact tone not reflecting the concern I was genuinely feeling, “If you lose pace you’ll fall into that pit.”
“I’m fine,” she repeated, “I need to keep up.”
“Keep up with what?”
She chose not to respond, her mind focused on managing the impossible task at hand. I considered for a moment, trying to figure out if she grasped the blatant peril she was in.
“Do you realise you can step off at any time?” I said at last, “There is nothing stopping you.”
“I cannot,” she declared, “I need to keep up.”
The answer made no sense and I decided not to press the issue.
After a few more minutes of watching, and the scene not seeming to be reaching any kind of conclusion, my attention drifted and I turned to face one of the far walls. Distantly I noticed an enormous set of double doors, so absurdly big that a grossly obese pair of dinosaurs would have had no trouble getting through, even when standing on each other’s shoulders.
I wondered what was behind the doors, eager to take a peek, but measured the walking distance to be a half hour worth of exercise at least…
I was standing by the doors, looking up at them in awe. I could not recall walking over to them, only that I was now close enough to reach out and caress their coarse, unpolished wooden surfaces. It was fascinating to me what the purpose of such immense structures might have been, why they would need to be so big. A logical answer was not forthcoming, though I started to get the impression that logic was not present in this strange realm. 
Both doors lacked any sign of having handles or other means of opening them. By instinct I reached out and pushed. The massive doors swung open with ease.
I walked through into a second room, this one smaller than the first by perhaps seventy percent.
It seemed to be a sort of abstract representation of a real world place, with a white tiled floor, wooden ceiling and white plastered walls. In various corners and randomly placed were pieces of furniture; tables, chairs, cupboards and other such things, all positioned with no logical sense.
I looked around, noting that the walls jutted out nonsensically and showed no sign of forming a realistic structural shape.
From my left I heard a humming. The sort of silly, tuneless hum made by an idle child. I turned and saw a little girl lying placidly on her stomach, an array of colouring books scattered about her body. Before her, one book lay open.
After a moment she began to colour one of the pages, using quick, rapid movements of her hand to apply crayon to an unseen picture.
“Hello,” I said.
The little girl looked up and smiled. “Hello,” she replied, and her thick Spanish accent identified her as Selena, perhaps five or six years of age.
“What are you doing here?” I asked.
“I’m waiting for Andrea,” she responded, then turned her attention back to the book.
Curious, I walked over to get a look at the picture. It turned out to be a typical children’s activity book image of Rapunzel, the fairy tale princess with the impossibly long hair.
“Do you like my dress?” little Selena asked amiably. 
I looked down, making a show of admiring the sparkling dress. It was a decorative outfit bought for a princess obsessed little mind.
“Oh it’s lovely,” I said.
“Selena.” The voice came from behind me and I turned. Approaching was a beautiful woman, so gorgeous as to be what some might consider angelic. Her dark hair and bronzed skin identified her as Selena’s mother. The clothing she wore, however, made my heart stutter. Luxurious fur coat and sequined dress…
“Yes, mami?” replied little Selena.
“You are ready for Andrea? You must look pretty for your guests.”
The approaching woman ignored me, as if I held no significance in her life or was perhaps invisible to her eyes. She stopped, leaned over and looked at little Selena’s colouring efforts.
“Oh, that is lovely my darling.”
“Thank you, mami!” the little girl beamed.
 “But you have gone out the lines…” the woman stooped to point out her statement, touching a fingertip to where Selena’s erratic colouring had drifted beyond the predetermined boundaries of colour. The little girl stared.
“I’m sorry, mami.”
“You must take care, Selena. Rapunzel wants to be beautiful. She does not want to be a mess of scribbles.”
“Sí, mami.”
Quickly Selena ripped the page from the book and crumpled it into a ball.
“Selena!” her mother exclaimed, “You didn’t have to do that! You’ve ruined the book!”
There was a pause as the older woman scowled down at her daughter, then came a new voice.
“Hola, Selena! Hola, Mrs. Stephania!”
I turned to look. There was now a second little girl, about the same age as Selena, standing where there had previously been nothing. She too was dressed in a sparkling dress, this one with a ballet theme. It was something that a parent bought to allow a child to live dreams of ballerina beauty.
“Oh, Andrea!” swooned Selena’s mother, “Look how lovely your dress is.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Stephania,” replied a glowing Andrea.
“You can call me Gloria.”
“Okay Mrs. Gloria.” She looked at Selena. “Do you like my dress, Selena?”
“Sí,” agreed Selena, but her expression said otherwise. It was obvious that little Selena was learning the meaning of envy, and it did not sit well with her.
“Would you like to colour with us, Andrea?” asked Gloria Stephania.
“Oh, sí, Mrs. Gloria!”
Andrea pranced forward, doing her best to walk as she imagined a ballerina would, and settled down with one of the colouring books.
The two girls coloured in silence as Gloria watched over them.
“You see how beautifully Andrea colours,” Gloria said, smiling, “She always stays in the lines. Such perfection…”
Selena leaned over, a tiny pout on her lips, to inspect her friends drawing. But not even she could deny that Andrea coloured better than her.
The two girls quietly continued their business of making pictures pretty as Gloria watched. Nothing else occurred, as if the moment was hovering in some kind of limbo, and I got the sense that the scene had come to an end.
I turned to my right and, as before, noticed a pair of towering doors that had previously escaped my attention.
I approached them, pushed, and they opened.
The next room was unmistakably the interior of an upper class restaurant, identifiable by the crisp white tablecloths draped over a smattering of circular tables. Hanging above was an overly flamboyant silver chandelier. Beneath my shoes sat a red carpet that did its best to look expensive.
As opposed to the previous room, everything here was in its right place, with no signs of abstract interference anywhere. Why this was, I reasoned, was that the previous memory had been more distant, and so less clear.
The only thing that made the environment here seem unnatural, and a touch creepy, was the lack of people.
Behind me came the sound of two female voices chattering away. I looked round and spotted Selena and Gloria Stephania seated at one of the tables, engaged in the sort of hushed, animated conversation that occurred between close mother and daughter. Not being able to catch the words, I advanced towards them.
Selena looked up at my arrival.
“Hello, Mister Clarence.”
She was now perhaps in her late teens, looking as strikingly beautiful as ever. Her mother, still ignoring me, did not seem to have aged a single day.
“What’s going on here?” I asked.
“I am having dinner with my mother,” Selena responded, “I have just been accepted into a very prestigious university and we are celebrating.”
“Congratulations.”
“Would you like something to eat?” Selena offered, gesturing to the wonderful selection of food that was now on the table.
“I’m not hungry,” I responded, not wanting to be a third wheel in what seemed a very intimate occasion. 
Selena reached for a bowl of delicious looking crumbed calamari rings and dished some onto her plate. The action brought Gloria to life.
“Selena!” she said with a smile, her voice gently chiding, “You will get fat if you eat so much.” It was not so much a reprimand as a joke.
“Oh please, mami, we are celebrating!”
The two women continued their whispered dialogue.
To my left, something caught my attention and I turned for a better look.
In a corner of the restaurant near a grand piano, Gloria was attempting to zip up the rear of Selena’s evening gown. I recognised the ritual as one woman helping another dress for an occasion. And, judging by the elegance of the garment, it must have been a very glamorous occasion indeed.
Selena took in a deep breath and Gloria attempted to raise the zipper, but it would not budge. I guessed that perhaps the gown was a size too small.
“Breathe in your stomach!” Gloria hissed, tugging at the zip.
“I am mami!” Selena giggled, finding the whole situation rather amusing.
“If you did not have all those second helpings we would not have this problem,” Gloria snapped, “look how fat you are getting.”
It was a ridiculous thing to say; Selena was as slim and attractive as ever. But from the expression of mute guilt developing, it was clear the statement had an overwhelming effect.
Again, the moment slipped into limbo and my attention was drawn to a set of doors.
I passed through them into a third area.
This one turned out to be a small, painfully tidy bedroom, currently lost in the gloom of an especially dark night. The environment was somehow more real and in-focus than the previous two; the more recent memory. 
On the wall I noticed a poster predominantly displayed; a ballet dancer frozen in gracious, glorious pirouette, her posture perfect. I was reminded of a similar image seen in Selena’s waiting room; a glass statuette in a display case.
Before me sat a bed, to my left a tiny window was being pelted with rain. Curious, I stepped over to the window and peered out. It did not come as a surprise that the area outside was a black non-existent landscape. Selena did not remember the view.
There was a flash of lightning and I shaded my eyes as the room was bathed in white light. From behind me came a gasp of surprise. I turned. 
On the bed sat Selena, now perhaps in her early twenties, with legs drawn up and arms wrapped around them. The expression of naked fear on her face looked rather childlike for a woman her age. It appeared she was in the grips of rather deep terror, and I assumed the cause of this to be the lightning.
“Hello, Selena.”
“Hello, Mister Clarence.”
“Are you scared of the lightning?”
She shook her head. “No.”
“Then what? There is nothing here but you and me.”
In response she nodded to an envelope that sat on the bed.
“What’s that?” I asked. Her behaviour would suggest the envelope was an unstable bomb.
“My results,” she said, her voice quivering, “for my oral exam.”
I did not know what an “oral exam” referred to, but a movement caught my attention over my shoulder.
Behind me Selena sat at a desk, piles of books towering all around her. As she studied the tome currently open, one hand tugged at locks of her black hair in a sign of extreme stress. A phone rang and she answered it.
“Hello?” I did not hear the other end of the conversation, but whatever was being said increased her stress dramatically. “Hello, Mami… sí, I am studying now… I will… I know mami…I know…” With her free hand she began to drum her fingers on the table, an involuntarily nervous reaction.
Again, a noise from behind drew my attention and I turned. Where the bed had been Selena now stood in a white medical coat, looking with barely contained fear at something which was not visible to me.
“Your diagnosis, Miss Stephania?” The voice was gruff and pounding with harsh authority.
“I think… the virus of the Guanarito,” she responded. Her eyes bulged to a point that would have been comical were it not for the terror behind them.
“And where is Guanarito?” the voice asked, unimpressed.
“I…” she froze, eyes widening further. “It’s near… Guanare.”
The voice lapsed into silence; I could envision the examiner shaking his head in disappointment.
“I don’t know where it is,” she whimpered, “I didn’t study the map. I studied symptoms…”
The sound of ripping paper behind me drew my focus. I turned.
Selena was once again on the bed, the envelope now open in her hands. She unfolded the envelope’s contents and quietly read her results. There was a pause, then all at once her body went limp and she collapsed backwards onto the bed, covering her face with hands.
I stood watching, feeling a horrible sensation of helplessness creeping into my stomach. I considered going over to comfort her, but decided the gesture would have been similar to comforting the characters in a movie.
She exploded into loud racking sobs, so violent her body convulsed with each wet bark.
I reached down and took the paper, curious to see how terrible a grade it must have been for such a reaction. Next to the words “Oral Exam” was written 16/20. Average.
Gradually, barely noticeable, the room plunged ever deeper into darkness. Off to my left lightning once again flashed in the sky.
A phone, sitting on the small table beside the bed, began to ring. Selena looked at it in horror, her face wet with tears.
My eyes drifted upwards, drawn by a curious pattern on the wall beside the ballerina poster. “How odd,” I thought, “that pattern seems to make the shape of a woman…”
The demon emerged from the wall, dressed in the expected attire of fur coat and sequined dress, and stepped gingerly out onto the bed behind Selena. Only now I could, for the first time, clearly see the demon’s face. It was Gloria Stephania.
Selena’s head snapped up in surprise, having felt the pressure on the bed. 
The phone continued to ring.
Selena turned to look over her shoulder. In a blur the demon was lunging, a shriek emanating from it so loud and high pitched it stung my ears. The creature fell forward, clawing and slashing with its bony fingers. Selena’s clothes began to shred and blood flowed, spattering the white bed sheets and streaking the walls.
Selena, shrieking in terror, raised her hands to protect her face.
“Selena!” I yelled, dashing forward to assist her. To my left the phone continued to ring.
Then I was standing in the Defence Training Offices main hall.
“Welcome back, Mister Clarence.”


CHAPTER 10


On reflection I’m tempted to say my time spent rooting around in the mind of a demon was akin to an extremely vivid dream. But that isn’t entirely true.
It would instead be better to say it was like jumping very quickly in and out the confines of some kind of crazy drug trip.
At the time the experience occurred my state of mind forbade me from being completely aware of where I was and what was transpiring, though I was very alert to the actual events. It was only upon returning to real life that the true magnitude of the thing hit me. Similar to looking back on an engrossing movie in which you were completely committed and wondering where the time went.
As I found myself back in reality, the real world Selena staring at me with naked accusation, my emotions lay somewhere between dumbfounded awe and exhilaration.
“What just happened?” I muttered breathlessly.
“Where did you learn this technique?” Selena demanded. Her tone was unforgiving, but I had yet to register that.
“It was like a dream,” I babbled, more to myself than Selena, “Like a dream but… different.” I looked up at her, recalling what I had seen and wondering if these things had been real or just figments of my imagination. “Did that really happen?”
“Where did you learn this technique?” Selena repeated, advancing towards me.
“Were they your memories…?”
In one quick movement she thrust a palm towards my chest and I irrationally thought she meant to shake my hand. There was a deafening POP and a wave of energy tousled my hair like a stiff wind. Then I was sliding along the marble floor on my back, wondering where she hid the horse that had kicked me.
Dazed I looked up at her with an expression best described as “bunny in the headlights”. Her eyes were burning and teeth clenched so tightly the tendons in her neck stood out.
“Where did you learn this technique?!” she roared. 
Metaphorical dots began to join in my head. I was not meant to know any techniques beyond those taught to me by her. In performing the invasion of her demon’s mind it had more or less been a confession of being involved in illegal training.
Her indignant rage, however, told me two facts. Firstly that the training in question was rather despised by those in positions of magical authority, see potential rape of Claudia. And secondly that Selena was none too pleased about me getting a look into her personal affairs.
All at once I feared for my life.
“Wait, Selena wait!” I scrambled backwards along the floor, my shoes squeaking pathetically as they slipped on the glassy smooth surface. 
In my mind I desperately spun excuses, lies and wild fabrications; anything believable, anything that would not have me selling out Benny and Brent to Selena. Yes, I hardly knew them. Yes, they were barely even friends. But where they went I would surely follow. Besides which, being a snitch was not decent at the best of times.
I managed to push myself to my feet and raise both hands in a plea of surrender. But Selena lashed out again and my body spun, the feeling best described as being clipped by an invisible car. When I hit the ground a crunch in my left shoulder indicated that something had given way. The pain followed a second later.
I rolled onto my back, grasping my shoulder and moaning in agony. Selena loomed over me.
“Where?” she hissed.
“An Enforcer!” The words blurted out. But at least I had avoided any names. “An Enforcer taught me!”
“Why?”
“Poker! We were going to cheat in a poker game! That’s all, Selena!” I thought that stealing money was better than having her think we were on a mad, Viking style rape quest.
She stared at me, deciding whether it was the truth. After a moment the rage drained a fraction.
“You have no right to go where you are not invited,” she declared, pointing a finger savagely. “This technique is illegal for a reason. It is something that should not be possible, and the potential to misuse it is overwhelming. Obviously, you can see this!”
“I didn’t realise…”
“You have broken the law, Mister Clarence. And worse, you have invaded my personal life where you were not permitted. I cannot let this stand.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s too late for apologies. I must say, I am very disappointed. I had high hopes, Mister Clarence. You have let me down.”
I looked up at her, terrifying in every sense of the word, and suddenly got the feeling that she cared less about me stealing money, and more about the fact I had gotten a glimpse at her life. Unbelievably I thought I even detected a hint of embarrassment in the way her gaze struggled to maintain eye contact. Clinging to the hope that this was true I made a last ditch effort to save the situation.
“I’m sorry, Selena. I did it by accident,” I pleaded, ashamed to hear the level of fear in my own voice, “I swear to you. I had no idea what I was doing and would never have done that if I had known. I’m sorry.”
My begging seemed to be working. Anger further drained from her posture and all at once she was her old, ultra-cool self again. She stared at the ground. Then, finally, when she spoke there was not a hint of malice in her voice. “I believe you, Mister Clarence. I’m sorry I struck you.”
I was speechless. I wanted to say “no problem”, but managed to bite back the moment-ruining words. Instead I pushed myself back to my feet, shoulder flaring white hot.
Again she paused, wheels turning in her head. “You can now see the face of my demon.”
I looked round and was astonished to see her demon still present in the room. It stood staring at me with Gloria Stephania’s face.
“And,” she added, “You will find you have control of it.”
I looked at the creature, previously so horrific to behold, and realised I was no longer afraid. All it had taken was an understanding. Selena’s demon was, very simply, a manifestation of the loving yet tainted relationship between mother and daughter.
“Perfection,” the demon crooned at me, and altogether that statement made perfect sense. “Perfection.”
“Be gone,” I replied to the creature, and with a flick of my hand it dissolved into the background. When I turned back to Selena she was regarding me with a sombre look.
“It is my own fault.” she said, “Part of my training is to help you deal with the dark temptations that come with being a magic user. With others I may have taken a more hands-on approach, but I decided that you were strong enough to deal with these temptations on your own. Perhaps I should have given more of a guiding hand. Or am I wrong, Mister Clarence?”
I thought about this. I thought about Claudia, I thought about Brent and Benny and, with much indecision, I thought about my mother. In my own mind Brent and Benny were nothing but a pair of guys who wanted a bit more than what life had dealt them. This really seemed the lesser crime when I took into account what was possible with the technique. My mother, on the other hand, was doing something on a whole different level. Which was worse, rape of the body? Or rape of the mind?
I struggled with words, not sure how to respond. Her gaze bore into me.
“I’m not sure what to say,” I said at last.
“Say that you are strong enough to guide yourself.”
“I’m not sure I am,” I replied, speaking my thoughts exactly.
The answer seemed to satisfy her. She nodded. “Good. Honesty is all I ask. Then just answer me this, Mister Clarence. If I let you walk out that door, will you make me regret it? Because, I’m sure you are aware, anything you do now will reflect badly on me.”
“I’ll try.”
“This is all I ask. No todo lo que brilla es oro. Be careful what you pursue. But,” her face hardened, “I warn you that I will not hesitate when next there is a transgression. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“Then go. On Monday we will continue.”
I turned for the door, still clutching my injured shoulder.
“And Mister Clarence,” I paused. “I trust you will speak to no one of what you saw in the mind of my demon.”
“I promise.”
I exited, feeling as though I had dodged the biggest bullet of my life.

* * *
The process of driving to the doctor with an injured shoulder was the single most treacherous journey I have ever made in my life. I think I may have claimed the same thing about my drive to Selena’s after over-extending my spirit. Well, I lied about that one. This was the single most treacherous journey of my life.
Since changing gears and steering were both now the job of my right arm, and taking into account that the gear lever is on my left hand side, and taking into consideration that my car veers instantly to the left when you release the steering wheel, I leave it in your hands to imagine the delightful jaunt that was my twenty minute drive to the nearest clinic.
In my eagerness to get as far away from the Defence Training Offices as possible, I didn’t even stop to assess the level of my injury, but I assumed that, at the very least, there was some kind fracture.
Elite Medical Centre, named ever so shrewdly for its claim to supply medical attention that was above-average, (and failing bitterly to deliver on that claim,) was my only real choice. It was the kind of place that attempted to blow your mind with the dazzling greenness of its pot plants, hoping in desperation you would not notice the floor was suspiciously absent half of its tiles.
When I entered the reception area I was, much to expectation, greeted by the mournful faces of the half dozen people in the waiting room. By my personal judgement it was a good day for the Elite Medical Centre, since none of the people were yet dangerously close to dying before having the privilege of coming face to face with a doctor.
I approached the reception desk, gave my name and proceeded to fill out the necessary forms. My groans of pain fell on deaf ears since, of course, a medical based institute had better things to do than acknowledge pain inducing injuries.
Finally as I settled into a waiting chair that had recently filed its “bucket list” under “things to be done ASAP”, I took a moment to reflect on recent developments.
Firstly, it had become clear to me that my gambling escapades were something about which I had to give serious reconsideration. Yes, I was now fairly confident in my ability to cheat effectively at gambling. Yes, I needed the money now more than ever, being recently unemployed. And yes, I really did like the idea of becoming a millionaire overnight. But no, I had absolutely, one hundred percent zero desire to face Selena when she was, for lack of a better term, really pissed-off. In fact, the idea of a Magical Detention Centre seemed appealing by comparison.
Although, and I must say that this was a rather profound revelation, seeing Selena’s past had left me with a rather curious feeling of deep affection for the scary woman. Not a feeling that I wanted to get her horizontal ASAP, that had come from the very first moment I met her. This was more a feeling of… I couldn’t quiet put my finger on it. I guess it was a feeling of privilege. I had been allowed, intentionally or not, to see her deepest, most personal secrets. And I was stunned to see that beneath all that intimidation Selena was as human as the next person. She was as fragile and delicate as anyone I had ever met. She was as fragile and delicate as me. She was indeed as fragile and delicate as the glass ballerina figurine I had seen in her waiting room, but perhaps not as “perfect” in nature. And I am ashamed to admit this was the most deeply acquainted I had ever been with a woman.
I had been with more than a few women in my life. Four of those in college, and all four grossly intoxicated at the time. But I had never been so deeply and intimately connected to a woman in this particular way. It was something new and profound.
These were ridiculous feelings, of course. Something akin to forcefully raping a woman’s life story out of her and then claiming you felt close. But the feelings were what they were.
As I mulled this over I let my eyes drift up to one of the framed prints on the wall. It was the kind of abstract picture that was chosen for the calming effect it had on the human psyche. A fact, I was certain, all the people bleeding to death while the nurse ignored them were grateful for.
I immersed myself in the picture’s splashes of colour and thought about my second immediate dilemma. I needed Benny and Brent to call off the gambling con.
This was certainly not to get into the good books of a woman I now had misguided affection for. On the contrary, it was to prevent the woman I now had misguided affection for from shattering my skull.
After about an hour of avoiding awkward eye contact with the other patients, I finally went in to see the doctor. It turned out that my shoulder was only “severely sprained”, but this did not mean that the doctor could not find a perfectly good reason for peddling legal drugs. By the time I left my wallet was five ounces lighter and my potential for developing an addiction to medication at least 50% higher. One step closer to complete poverty.
I popped two pills and headed home. Halfway through the journey my world slipped into a relaxed dreamy euphoria. The kind of euphoria that can only be achieved with a lighter wallet and risk to drug addiction.
By the time I got home news of a zombie outbreak wouldn’t have stirred me, and I decided to head up to bed, despite the fact the sun was still a long way from setting.
Before slipping between the covers I paused to gaze out the window, dimly aware that this was the first moment since the word “demon” had entered my life that I felt truly relaxed. It seemed the pain killers simply left no room in my head for anything but drug induced ecstasy, meaning that my blue faced friend, as persistent as he was, had no space to occupy. Bless modern pharmaceutical companies.
Sleep was dreamless, which was more than I could have asked for.
When I awoke next morning there was only one agenda that demanded my attention; training with Benny and Brent.
I fished the folded piece of paper, given to me by Brent, from my top pocket and read the mysteriously cryptic message; “153 Bowler Avenue. 9am”. The address didn’t sound familiar, but I was willing to bet I would soon have a contender for seediest hotel ever constructed by humans and inhabited by rats.
My shoulder still hurt badly. But considering what the medication had done the night before, I decided to avoid taking any unless it was desperately needed.
On the way downstairs voices could be heard from the kitchen; my mother and Clinton. It was obvious there was soon to be more drama in that department, but that would have to wait till later.
I managed the trip to 153 Bowler Avenue in half an hour. My shoulder started getting bad after the first fifteen minutes, but I braved it, deciding to use it as a reminder of why I would have to convince Brent and Benny that the whole plot was a bad idea.
Upon seeing the building in which we were to meet I had to double check the paper, just in case I had accidentally arrived at the wrong place.
Ruining all my hopes for another delightful jaunt in a scummy movie cliché, before me sat a little café called “La Tasse de Café Parfaite”, which undoubtedly translated to “It Costs More Because we Say So”. It was the kind of place that demanded its waiters wear white gloves.
I climbed out my car, glanced around in case the expected shitty hotel was hiding behind a tree, and headed for the café.
As I drew nearer Benny and Brent waved from an outside table and I moved to join them.
“Nice place, huh?” Brent said, gesturing for me to take a seat.
“I suppose so,” I replied, not wanting to admit that any cup of coffee not explicitly called “coffee” on the menu was beyond my price range. I grabbed a seat and glanced around at a few of the other café patrons. As suspected of the four other busy tables, two were occupied by men who drank with their little finger extended.
“My choice,” Benny said, managing to seem cheerfully comfortable in any environment, “Perfect for getting a little hands-on practice with a few volunteers.”
“Volunteers?”
“Sure. Choose a volunteer and let’s see what we can see.”
“That’s a little bold, isn’t it?”
“Bold?” Benny chuckled, “People in this place try so hard to avoid being social you could dunk your nuts in their coffee and they’d just blame the waiter.”
“Right.” I took a deep breath and decided to get straight to the issue. “We can’t do this.” I declared bluntly, “Selena Stephania is onto me.”
There was a break as the two brothers absorbed the information, then Brent buried his face in both hands and groaned.
“What makes you so sure?” Benny asked, his brow furrowing.
“Well…” I shifted in my seat, trying to ignore the pain still present in my shoulder. My mind attempted to concoct a story that did not involve me spilling the beans after taking a beating from a woman that weighed half what I did. “She must have a spy or something,” I muttered.
Benny paused and studied me for a second. I felt no intrusion into my mind, but he spoke with complete confidence. “You told her, didn’t you?”
“Yes so I told her!” I snorted, doing my best to be indignant.
Benny and Brent adopted dramatic expressions of horrified shock, including bulging eyes, grimaces and even assorted gasps.
“I didn’t tell names,” I added quickly, grasping at the remaining straws of my dignity.
There was another breather. Finally, Benny sighed and leaned back in his chair. He regarded me with raised eyebrows, then grinned and shook his head.
“She just let you walk out the door?” he asked. I nodded. “Well, you must have really made an impression, stallion.”
“What do you mean?”
“Selena Stephania letting a confessed criminal walk out the door? Be still my heart. You obviously don’t know what she was called when she still wore the blue blazer.”
“Blue blazer?”
“She used to be an Enforcer, Jet. One of the best. In fact, it was of common opinion that she was too good. They used to call her “The Witch”.”
“Selena was an Enforcer?”
“That’s what I said. And to put it bluntly, she didn’t take any shit.”
I thought about this. It was obvious. “She let me walk out the door,” I muttered, more to myself than Benny.
“Exactly. Not really in her characteristics. She was heavy handed, even by Enforcer standards.”
My mind chugged, trying to get a grip on the situation. “Maybe she’s setting us up?”
Benny nodded. “Wouldn’t put it past her.”
“What do we do?”
“First things first, I guess we have to call off our gambling plan. For now at least.”
“Of course,” I agreed with a deep sigh. Unemployed, nearly broke, no plan.
“We can’t do that,” Brent spoke-up, his face a mask of tired annoyance. All eyes turned to him.
“Any particular reason?” Benny asked, his tone prepared in advance for what he sensed would be good reason to get angry. 
“We have the little matter of expectant loan investors to deal with.”
“We’ll give the money back.”
“Give it back?” Brent barked a humourless laugh, “These people are loan sharks, Benny, who don’t lend money unless they expect some kind of profit. It’s called interest.”
“You borrowed the money with interest?”
“Of course I did. You think they throw money at any asshole that walks through the door without interest attached?”
Benny stopped to rub his eyes, attempting to control his temper. “You did not consult me.”
“I did what I had to do. We needed money and I got it. How else was I supposed to come up with that kind of capital?”
“You did not consult me!” Benny’s voice jumped up two notches. The sound drew a nearby waiter, a man whose nose seemed to permanently point towards the sky. 
“Is there a problem, monsieur?” The waiter drawled. (I was certain the French accent was faked, but he did deliver it with commitment.)
“Not at all,” Benny replied, his voice returning to quirky cheerfulness, “But I think it would be best…” he paused, concentrating on the waiter’s face, “…if you never saw us here.”
“Tout à fait, monsieur,” the waiter agreed, then turned and marched off, looking as if he had heard a puzzling riddle.
Benny turned back to Brent, leaning towards him with a sneer. “Take the money back and explain the situation to them. There is no deal. It’s as easy as that.”
“What are you kidding me? It doesn’t work like that, Benny,” Brent retorted sourly.
“Make it work like that!” Benny snapped, forcing himself to keep the volume down. “You are not screwing me over on this one, brother. Not this time. I am sick of cleaning up your shit. Sick to death. The risks I take for your stupidity end now.” 
“I am telling you it does not work like that! These are not the kind of people to which you return a gift!”
In a blur Benny’s hand shot out and grabbed Brent by the shirt, pulling him closer till the brothers’ noses nearly touched. Brent did not resist, sensing he had reached the limit of safe challenge.
The moment was nearing flash point. I watched in silence.
“Fix it,” Benny snarled into his brother’s face.
For a moment Brent did not respond and I feared physical violence, wondering if Benny could make everyone in the entire café “forget what they had seen”. But Brent nodded and Benny released him.
A scowl of humiliated defeated on his face, Brent fixed his shirt, stood, and stalked off.
Benny shook his head and turned back to me.
“I swear that boy will drive me to drink,” he muttered.
“I know the feeling,” I said, thinking of Clinton.
“Now tell me exactly what happened,” Benny continued, his face hardening, “What we do not need is an annoyed ex-Enforcer hunting us down. Because, believe me Jet, if Selena The Witch decides she wants a piece of us I do not exaggerate when I say we are in some deep shit.”
“I don’t think she’ll come after us,” I responded carefully.
“Just tell me what happened.”
“Somehow I landed up inside the mind of Selena’s demon, looking at events in her life. It was all a bit confusing. But in any case, it tipped her off that we had been doing this training. You didn’t tell me the spell had this kind of potential, Benny. A person could do a lot of damage with this kind of power.”
Benny squinted at me. “Correct, the spell does have a lot of potential. It’s the base of much more dangerous versions of itself.”
“You didn’t tell me that.”
“Because I didn’t expect you to have the ability to take it further than its basic level.”
“Well I did.”
“So you’ve said.” All good humour was now absent from his expression. “What did you do, Jet?”
I hesitated; terrified he would be able to pick the events with Claudia right out of my head. “I didn’t do anything,” But lying had never been my strongest point.
“You sure?”
“I manipulated a girl in my office. But nothing happened; I didn’t go through with it.”
“I see.” He leaned back, his eyes never leaving my face. “I think it’s fair to tell you that I really did make a man eat his own liver once, Jet. Do you know why?”
“No.”
“Because he abused the exact same spell we’re talking about. Influence and Manipulation; it can be an ugly thing. Don’t make me regret teaching you.”
I stared back, guilt flushing into my cheeks. “You don’t have to worry about me. It won’t happen again, I assure you.”
“Good. I believe you.” There was a beat and the menace drained from his eyes. “So, you went into a demon’s mind? You saw Selena’s life?”
“That’s what I said, yes.”
He paused and tapped an index finger on his chin. “That’s very unusual.”
“It did not strike me as ordinary.”
“No, I mean, that’s really unusual, Jet. There are magic users who study their entire lives and are not able to do that spell. Many have trouble with just basic manipulation.”
I shrugged. “It just kind of happened. I wasn’t really trying.”
“Uh huh,” He continued to study me, then reached into a jacket pocket and drew out the recognisable pouch of tobacco. The ritual of sorting and rolling a cigarette proceeded. “What did she do? After you told her?”
“She said some stuff about regretting that she didn’t guide me, then asked if she let me walk out the door I would disappoint her. I said I wasn’t sure, she let me go.”
“That’s all? Huh. Bizarre.” He finished the cigarette, repeated the finger pinching spell and lit it, then took a long drag and blew a cloud of smoke across the table.
Spotting the violation the waiter approached in a hurried shuffle.
“Please, monsieur, there is no smoking here.”
Benny looked up and made eye contact. “I’m not smoking.”
“Oui, monsieur.” The waiter turned on his heel and scurried off.
I watched the occurrence with bemused confusion. Benny’s idea of what qualified as “abuse” of a spell was very flexible. 
“Well, I don’t know what to tell you,” Benny said to me, “I think The Witch may have taken a liking to you.”
“At what point during her thrashing did she decide that, I wonder.”
“A word of warning though,” he added, “Be careful. I’m not one hundred percent sure what’s going on with you, Jet, but just start being a little cautious about where you spend your Spirit. Okay?”
“Sure I’ll do that. What do we do now?”
He shrugged, dropped his cigarette on the floor and crushed it under a heel, “Nothing. We wait and see. If we’re lucky all this will blow over. If we’re not lucky you’ll have Enforcers up your ass and you’ll know all about it. We’ll deal with it when it happens.”
“Great.”
He grinned at me, “Hey, cheer up. Want some coffee?”

* * *

After a cup of coffee that had a name I was incapable of pronouncing, for which Benny paid with money that may or may not have been real, I headed home. The pain in my shoulder had settled into a sort of dull throb, not unbearable but not delightful.
I admit that I felt a level of relief, not only because I had hopefully satisfied Selena and would no longer potentially be facing her as an enemy, but because an illegal game of poker was not something which I had been greatly looking forward too.
On the down side, my free ticket out of poverty had vanished as quickly as it appeared. I considered taking the incident as motivation to better my life, maybe look for work that satisfied me a bit more than the limp kick in the crotch that was being a “researcher”. But really, such things would have to wait until after demon harassment was not the forefront of my life.
I arrived home and headed inside, my intention being to spend some time further practicing my place of calm. But as I entered, I was side-tracked by an unwanted but inevitable event.
“Jet,” my mother called from the kitchen, “In here.”
I considering ignoring her, but knew the situation would have to be faced sooner or later.
As I approached the kitchen a sound became audible, a repetitive noise recognisable as a potato peeler doing its business. The grating noise seemed to correspond with the discomfort that was intensifying in equal measures; being in my mother’s presence was now not something that made me comfortable on any level.
I entered, finding Clinton at the kitchen table with a pile of potatoes before him. He laboured away tirelessly with a small silver peeler, creating a mountain of peels on a sheet of newspaper. My mother stood at the stove, expertly basting a whole chicken with restaurant manager efficiency.
“Staying for dinner, dear?” She asked the question without turning.
“I guess so,” I responded, trying to make eye contact with Clinton, but he kept his gaze locked firmly on the task at hand. “What are we having?”
“Can’t you see? Whole roasted chicken, basted with my own special marinade.”
“Great.” I did love my mother’s chicken, there was no denying. But my appetite had all but dried up since the beginning of the affair.
There was a pause, punctuated by the ceaseless scraping of the peeler, then my mother turned to face me. Her smile was so radiant and beautiful that you would swear she had just stepped from the front cover of a glossy magazine, (something other than The Whisperer). I did a quick check of my mind, satisfying myself that there was no intrusion occurring.
“How has your training been going?” she asked.
“Not brilliant.”
“Yes, it never is.”
Odd comment. She had not gone for professional training I was aware of. But before I could point this out she was looking over Clinton’s shoulder and reaching for one of the potatoes.
“Do it properly, dear. You missed this part here.” Her tone suggested she was speaking to a slow child. He took the potato and obediently skimmed off a few more slivers. “Did you wash your hands?” He showed her his palms. “Go wash them. We can’t handle food with dirty hands.” He stood and exited, not so much as acknowledging my presence. My mother watched him go, picked up a potato and continued the peeling. After a second she glanced up and let her eyes rest on my face, only for a moment, then proceeded with what must have been a planned endeavour. 
“It’s in our blood, Jet.”
 “What is?”
“Magic. It’s been in our family for generations.”
Assumption was that she meant her bloodline and not my father’s, but either way it was the first I was hearing of it. “I didn’t know.”
“Of course not, and you never would have, if you had not developed magical abilities.”
I thought about this, wondering if I dare accept the small, ever intensifying feelings of smugness that were growing in the back of my mind. Being “special” and part of an “exclusive club” was becoming something I enjoyed.
“Gran was also a magic user,” I muttered, more to myself than her.
“Was?” My mother glanced up at me again. “She still is, Jet. One of the best, in fact, she’s a world class Enforcer.”
I gaped. “Gran is… an Enforcer?”
“Oh yes. Very professional, very efficient, very highly acclaimed. Still keeping pace with the youngsters, I might add.”
Apparently physical dexterity was not a requirement in the profession. “How can I have never heard about this?”
She shrugged, took another potato and continued peeling. “Your great grandmother was also an Enforcer. It’s been a sort of family tradition. As I said, it’s in our blood.”
I realised one of my hands was unconsciously fiddling with the scruffy beard on my chin, finding a nervous outlet. “But if Gran is an Enforcer…”
She picked up on my chain of thought and finished the sentence. “…how could I partake in “illegal” things? It’s very simple, Jet, your grandmother is my Enforcer. It’s not against the rules for family to regulate family.”
Another bombshell. My eyes widened and my mother chuckled in response.
“You really are very dramatic,” she said sweetly. The rhythmic sound of peeling was starting to fray my nerves. “Let me make things a bit more clear for you, son. The Clarence family have been involved in magical activities since before the telephone was even a blueprint. We used what we were naturally given, our natural talents, to make our own way through life. And, with hard work and dedication, we made exceptionally good butchers, bakers and candlestick makers. In fact, we have been renowned as some of the greatest in our trades.”
My mind was sprinting to keep up. “We’re a family of criminals?” The words were a whisper.
“Again, very dramatic, Jet. What we did was perfectly legal until somebody decided to make a law. And why, exactly, were these laws made? Because we were too good at what we did, and somebody deemed it necessary to drag us down to the accepted level of average.” She took a moment to fix me with a firm look. “Fair? Or just insulting?”
I shook my head slowly, speechless. Part of me was still clinging to the hope that she was lying, that this was some kind of mental assault. But in equal measure I knew it all to be true.
“You’ve finally come of age, son,” my mother continued, finally setting the peeler down. 
Her gaze was now direct and uncompromising, transforming into something both maternal and attentive. She studied my face with the affection of a mother acknowledging a child’s greatest achievement.  But there was something else. I thought I detected a hint of a deeper emotion; what appeared to be caution, bordering on fear. She was scared of me and hiding it.
“You like it, don’t you?” she continued, “The power? It’s very intoxicating, but it can be dangerous, Jet. We can help you harness it. Your grandmother and I, just the way she taught me. You’re part of the family now.”
“Part of the family now?” My voice was louder than intended. “And If I had never developed any magical abilities? What then? Would I have remained a mindless slave? Like Linda? Like Clinton?”
She recoiled. “It’s not like that.”
“Then what is it like, mother? Tell me, please.”
Her mouth drew into a pout and she planted one hand firmly on a hip. “You should speak to your grandmother.”
“I don’t want to speak to gran.”
“Jet!” The word was sharp. Its delivery did not have the effect of which it was once capable, but still I paid attention. “Meet with your grandmother. You are making judgements before you understand the situation. We’re a big family, son, significantly bigger than you think. And it would be in your best interest to get the full picture. The advantages, I promise, are something with which you will be greatly intrigued. Just speak with your grandmother. Okay?”
I took a moment to consider the new shift in my reality.
Exactly what my mother was referring to I was not sure, but what she was hinting at was clear enough. And, once again, I was a little ashamed to feel the lure of power refusing to be ignored. Whatever “big family” and “advantages” meant, I could not deny I at least wanted to know. After all, as an unemployed person it sure sounded like a great alternative. And even if I were to find another job, all I had to look forward to was a 39th birthday party similar to that of big Cecil.
“I’ll think about it,” I said at last.
“Good.” The angelic smile returned to her face. “I’ll inform your grandmother.”
“Fine.”
I turned and exited, getting the feeling that surprises relating to my family were just beginning.
I headed up to bed to face the next dilemma in my life; my demon. The events of the previous window scratching incident had not been forgotten and I wondered, with some great levels of foreboding, if I would be seeing a repeat of the situation.
I had just settled onto my bed to practice finding my place of calm when a thought occurred to me; the painkillers were still in my pocket. I did not think the now fading pain in my shoulder required medication, but the promise of another demon free night suddenly seemed very appealing. After a brief hesitation I popped two pills and lay back, waiting for the euphoria to embrace me.
 
CHAPTER 11

Later that night I was rudely awoken as a pair of hands shook me. Naturally my assumption was for the worst and I lashed out blindly with a frantic fist. The blow made contact and I rolled from between the covers, desperate to get my bed between me and the unseen assailant.
“Jet!” The word was a strangled whisper.
I hesitated, fists clenched, aware that my Spirit was rising to the occasion of its own accord, materialising in a tingle across my chest and arms. I heard a crackle and the energy begged to be released, feeling more than the first time it had taken physical form. I was virtually glowing with potential destruction.
“Jet, its Clinton!”
I tried to calm my hammering heart and stared into the darkness, making out the silhouette of a human figure. I realised that the warning buzz was absent from my head and relaxed.
“Clinton? What the hell are you doing? I could’ve killed you!”
“Jet, listen to me.” The silhouette came stumbling forward and Clinton’s ghostly face loomed out of the darkness, blood running from both nostrils. “She doesn’t know I’m talking to you. Please, help me! Help me!”
The moment was surreal. Partly because half my brain was still dull from the painkillers, but mostly because the expression on Clinton’s face was the most tortured visage I had ever seen.
He reached out and grabbed the front of my shirt. “Please, Jet...”
“Okay easy Clinton. I’ll help you. I said I would.”
“It’s not that easy,” he croaked, eyes so wide I feared they might fall out of their sockets, “She’s in here…” He tapped a finger to his head.
“I know she is, Clinton. We spoke, don’t you remember?”
“I try so hard, but it’s a part of me now. I don’t know where I end and she begins. Do you understand, Jet?”
“Yes.”
“Sometimes there’s a moment,” he looked around the room, eyes flicking from object to object, “and it’s like… surfacing after a deep sleep. I remember who I was… before.”
I watched him, both fascinated and sympathetic. “What do you want me to do, Clinton?”
“I need to get away,” he groaned, “Far away.”
“Then let’s go,” I declared, “Right now. I’ll take you.”
“No, no, no, I can’t just leave. You don’t understand, I’ll come back, I have nowhere else to go.”
I was sure these words were part of the domination, part of the domestication. What he was made to believe.
He paused, glistening face now focusing as my eyes adjusted to the dark. I continued to watch him as a veritable parade of expressions played across his face; anger, shame, self-pity, hope, desperation. The war in his head must have been chaos.
I did want to help him. No man deserved what he must have been experiencing. There appeared to be a marked difference between his mental state and Linda’s. The difference, I expected, being a sense of real purpose.
I made a decision, stepped forward and my mind slipped into calm. Acting on instinct, I began to gather up as much positive emotion as I could, storing it as a sort of physical presence around my body. I had never considered that positive emotion could be utilised in this way, but acted at that moment as if the logistics made perfect sense. The aura of energy grew and I felt its presence as faint pressure, prickling the hairs on my arms and tickling my skin.
Then all at once I reached for my Spirit and pushed it outwards, bombarding Clinton with the positive energy as if it were a vapour.
“Look at me, Clinton,” I said soothingly, “look at me...”
He did, gaze twitching between my left and right eye. Gradually the tension melted from his face.
This spell was what I guessed Benny had referred to as “Ambience Tweaking,” or something along the same lines. The process came naturally, though it was something I had not been aware I was capable.
“You are not a prisoner,” I continued, “You are not bound to this place. You can go wherever you want. Say the word and we’re out of here. You’re free, Clinton. Just remember it.”
A veil cleared from his face. Beneath there was a person, buried so deeply and for so long that seeing the light of day must have been a grand occasion. My mother’s domination spell was breaking. Clinton was returning. There was a glint in his eyes I recognised to be an epiphany, then he was calm.
“I’ll need some time,” he said, his voice level.
“As much as you require. Tell me when.”
“I’ll also need money.”
“Of course,” where that would come from was a mystery, but there was no point in bringing it up in the moment.
“Thank you, Jet. I really appreciate it. We’ll talk again. You’re a good friend.”
“Sure.”
He turned and exited.
I stared at the door, wondering if my fix had been permanent or temporary. Would he go to sleep and wake up a zombie? I had no idea.
You’re a good friend. Damn it. Why had he said that? If I had not been obliged to help before now I most certainly was. It had not occurred to me that Clinton had no friends. In fact when I thought about it I could not recall him having contact with a single person beyond the walls of the house.
Regardless there was a feeling of satisfaction, even triumph. If helping Clinton was successful, perhaps I could achieve the same with Linda. Maybe I could even hook them up and they could start a little family. (Joke, of course. I doubted he would be able to handle her voice of a thousand razors any more than I could.)
Why it should please me to be defying my mother was a mystery. After all, I had just recently agreed to talk to my grandmother about joining the family crime syndicate. What the hell was I doing…?
I crawled back into bed, doubting that there would be more sleep after the adrenalin generating disturbance, but one lived in hope.

* * *

Next morning I was once again awoken from a doze by my favourite sound in the world; the demanding ring of a telephone.
Who in their right mind phoned at 8am on a Sunday? No one obviously, and that fact should have been my first clue as to a day that would rank in my top ten least enjoyable.
“Hello?”
“Jet Clarence?” The voice was low and grating, something that came as a result of smoking twenty filter-less cigarettes a day.
“Yes.”
“I need you to come down to Valhalla Hotel.”
I recognised the name from the first training session; the “seedy hotel”. Joy, I would be visiting again. “Why? Who is this?”
“Now. If you are not here in twenty minutes I will break every finger on the left hand of Brent Kingston. Is this understood?”
“Yes.”
“Twenty minutes. Come alone.”
The line went dead.
Ah yes, a conversation everyone wants to have on their day off.
It took only seconds for me to join the dots; I had just spoken to one of Brent’s “investors.”
I had skipped the course about dealing with angry loan sharks in my journalism studies, so what the correct course of action should be was a mystery. My instinct was to call Benny and reached for the phone, then realised I only had his work number. This went to an answering service and I left a message.
With no other options I headed out to Valhalla Hotel, alone.
Being a Sunday, traffic was mild and I arrived in less than twenty minutes, happy to see that even drug dealers and prostitutes respected the Sabbath and had left the hotel looking like a ghost town.
A single person stood outside the hotel awaiting my arrival. A man, mid-thirties, head as bald as a cue ball, and managing to radiate “menace” in a way that must have taken some serious levels of practice. Even with eyes hidden behind sunglasses an aura of “piercing eyes” radiated from him like a broadcast signal. I took note that both his hands, currently loosely linked in front of his stomach, were covered with black gloves. You didn’t watch a few crime movies without knowing that gloves, when worn in conjunction with an expensive business suit, were a sure sign of illegal activities.
I climbed from my car and approached him, only now starting to feel the buzzing in my head. I guess I could be grateful that the built-in warning system seemed to work only in the presence of immediate magical danger, or it would likely have been a permanent addition to my life.
“Jet Clarence?” he asked, his voice void of expression.
“Yes. And you are?”
He did not respond and we fell into silence. And since I never did learn his name he will be dubbed “Sunglasses”.
There was a pause. The mirrored lenses where his eyes should have been glared at me, catching the sun and shooting out little flares of light.
All at once I was taken by a sharp sensation, something best described as vertigo minus the threat of height. Disorientated for a moment, I soon gathered that my Spirit was once again trying to communicate. Sunglasses was attempting to gain access to my mind, in much in the same way I had done to Paul and Claudia.
Instinctively I fell back on my place of calm and put all else from my mind. The defence tactic worked, verified by Sunglasses flinching. His lips tightened into a disgruntled line. Facial expression was not one of his strong points.
“You’re as good as Brent says,” he muttered.
“Thank you.”
“Raise your arms.” 
I did and he patted me down, then gestured towards Valhalla Hotel’s front door. “If I catch even one hint of magic from you,” he added, “I will shoot you in the knee.”
“Okay.”
I entered through the doors and he fell in behind me.
“Second floor.”
We mounted the steps. Around me the building was deathly silent. So much so that you would be forgiven for thinking it had been abandoned for years. In my head, the buzzing continued.
“Turn left, 219.”
We arrived outside the corresponding door and Sunglasses leaned past me to knock. 
“We’re here,” he declared, then nodded towards the door. “Go in.”
I obliged, opening the door and stepping through.
Inside the room was identical to my previous visit, except that someone had taken the liberty of turning on the heart shaped florescent tube above the bed. It bathed the room in a lovely shade of pink, being offset by the stinging white bulb that hung above the table. What a pleasant touch.
Before me sat a middle-aged man; grim, weary and frowning. You might have thought the streaks of grey in his hair would serve to make him look distinguished, but alas, they succeeded only in making him look weathered.
He blinked at me, his lips in a permanent pout that resulted from the tyre of fat under his chin, and pointed to the chair across from him. 
(I never did learn his name either. He will be “Pout”.)
I crossed the room, noticing two more persons standing in the shadows behind Pout. Both were massive giants of men, wearing formal business suits and both quite literally capable of breaking me over their knee.
I sat. Sunglasses took a position at my rear, standing close enough to make his presence obvious. The buzzing intensified and became a frantic hum.
Pout scowled at me.
“I’m a business man,” he said, revealing his voice to be that of the earlier phone call, “So by all means, this is a business meeting.”
“Okay,” I agreed.
“Good. Let’s be civil.” 
“This isn’t going so badly after all,” I thought. 
“I have your friend, Brent Kingston,” Pout continued, “and he owes me ten thousand. What shall we do about this?”
“I thought he was going to give you the money back,” I ventured hopefully.
“Yes. He did. But that is not good business. You see, I am not in the habit of extending my finances for no return. I loaned ten, I expect ten interest. A deal was struck and I expect it to be honoured.”
“But the plan fell through, we were compromised. We gave you your money back.”
Pout chuckled, his rubbery lips drawing into a humourless smile as he waggled a sausage finger at me. “You misunderstand, Jet Clarence, what happens to my money once it is in your possession is not my concern. The funds were accepted, as was promised, and now I await my return. Business is business.”
I took a second. His attitude appeared casual enough, but something told me this was “sleeping bear syndrome”.
“Where’s Brent?” I asked, daring to change the subject. It was a risky stunt, but since I had no idea where I would find that kind of money I figured I should at least know if Brent was alive.
Pout stared at me in response, deciding if I was worth humouring. With a quick jerk of his head he shifted his gaze over my shoulder at Sunglasses.
“Fetch Kingston,” he said. 
Behind me I heard Sunglasses shift his position and my nerves sang in anticipation, wondering if “Fetch Kingston” was perhaps code for “shoot him in the back of the head”, but then came the sound of retreating footsteps and the door opening. Moments later the footsteps returned, now accompanied by a second person. I looked over my shoulder and Brent was led staggering into the room, his hands bound behind him. Or at least I assumed it to be Brent. Somebody had replaced his face with a bloody bruised mask, one eye so badly swollen it took on the appearance of a bright red apple. The front of his shirt, which had previously been white, was now streaked with snail-trails of gore. My stomach did a loop.
“This is not going so well after all”, my mind told me.
“Oh shit, Brent,” I muttered.
“Jet.” The reply from Brent was a hissed slur forced through cracked lips and broken teeth.
There was a gesture from Pout and Brent was pulled from the room.
“So you see I am serious now?” Pout said.
I turned back to him, my mouth suddenly very dry.
For the briefest moment I considered letting loose; releasing my Spirit in crackling bolts and dealing out some justice. What were my chances of success? Considering I was unpracticed with raw Spirit, and considering that I had no idea of what Sunglasses was capable, not something one should place a bet on.
“Yes I see that you’re serious.”
“Good. Then tell me, how long till I have money in my hand?”
My mind chugged. Ten thousand? Three months of Whisperer salary with no job?
“Let me answer for you,” Pout continued, “One week. On Sunday morning I will have the money, or your friend Brent Kingston will be tortured and killed.”
My mouth moved but no words were produced. If words had been produced they may have been something along the lines of; “I consider that time frame unreasonable, good sir.”
Behind me Sunglasses returned and my warning system flared up again.
“I will take that as a yes, thank you,” Pout said to me. He then looked up at Sunglasses and nodded. “Jet Clarence is leaving.”
A hand descended on my shoulder, “This way.”
I gave Pout one final look, glanced at the two henchmen behind him, then stood and allowed myself to be led from the room.

* * *

When I arrived home Benny was waiting for me on the porch. The fact that he was not sitting, but rather standing, hands in pockets and looking expectantly at my arrival, made me suspect he had an idea of what was going on. Though, the half-smile on his face suggested he was not all that concerned.
“You got my message?” I asked as I climbed from my car.
He shook his head, eyebrows raised, “Nope. Feel like a beer?”
It had struck me before that the relationship between the brothers did not exactly seem warm, but what Benny’s response to recent developments would be was a mystery. “There’s something I need to tell you.”
“Brent has had his face smashed in by loan sharks and we need to come up with some money. Fast. Is that about the sum of it?”
My brain did a few flip flops. “How did you know?”
“I’m an Enforcer, Jet, that’s what I do. Beer?”
Twenty minutes later we were seated at the bar in the Holy Carousel. You’ll be pleased to know that be it weekend or weekday, you can rely on the Holy Carousel providing sticky floors and a fine aroma of spilt beer. Behind us, a group of loud, horribly drunk men were watching one or another sport on a wall mounted TV. 
Benny had offered we take his car, and bizarrely had not made another mention of his brother for the entire trip. By the time we arrived I had started to wonder if hearing him speak the exact course of events had been a hallucination.
Now, as I took a sip of my coffee, (having decided against beer), and watched as he proceeded with the familiar cigarette rolling ritual, I found that his uninterested attitude had brought me to a place of numb relaxation. It was as if his decision to not acknowledge the scenario somehow made it less real.
“Benny, I have to ask something,” I said, speaking above the wild cheers of the sport fans.
“Well, speak up,” he responded amiably, sticking the cigarette between his lips and lighting it.
“There’s a reason for your tobacco rolling ritual. What is it?”
“Paying half price for cigarettes is not a good enough reason for you?”
“There’s something more to it, isn’t there? You mentioned it once before, at the Department of Magic.”
He paused at this. Then, blowing out a cloud of smoke and stubbing the cigarette in an ashtray, he turned to me with a frown. “How has your training been going?”
I shrugged. “You mean apart from Selena beating me?”
“Yes, apart from that. You have learned something about demons, I assume.”
I thought about seeing the slivers of Selena’s life; the relationship between her and her mother, the demon stepping from the wall. 
“Yes, I have learned some things.”
“Good. Tell me then, Jet, has The Witch explained to you what will happen if you cannot defeat your demon?”
“No. She hasn’t mentioned.”
He nodded. “I guess it couldn’t hurt if I filled you in on some things.”
“Please do.”
He drained the rest of his beer and raised a finger to the barman. In response the old man shuffled over, looking and moving as much like a zombie as ever. 
“Oo whuh nutha eer?”
Benny was silent. This was only his first visit and his brain had not yet developed the connections that allowed for translation. “I beg your pardon, my good man?”
“Oo whuh nutha eer?!”
“Yes he wants another beer,” I stepped in, “And another coffee for me please.”
The barman turned, glaring at me through his one properly functioning eye. “Oo an yuh cofuh. Drih like uh mah, boi!”
He dumped a new beer in front of Benny, topped up my cup from a grimy coffee pot, then shuffled off to do whatever it was bitter barmen do.
“Right,” Benny said, taking a swig from his new beer, “The operative words here are Primary Crutch. And let me tell you, if you meet a person that needs a Secondary Crutch, they are not the most stable individual you’ll ever meet.”
“Got it.”
“As you are most likely aware, a demon is fed by your Spirit. And, as I’m sure you are also aware, your Spirit is used where you choose to spend it. Right?”
I nodded. “Right.”
“So then logically, as long as you are spending Spirit on your demon you will never be free of it. The trick is to simply not spend Spirit on your demon. When you learn how to do this, and do it effectively, you will be free of the creature. Forever. Though for some it does not come so easily. For example, me and Miss Selena The Witch. In the case that it is too dangerous to confront the creature, there are other means by which to stem the flow of Spirit. Namely, a Primary Crutch.”
I considered this, following his chain of thought. “So you spend the energy that would be used by your demon on… rolling cigarettes?”
“Yes,” he agreed, “The Spirit is never spent on your demon, hence it is controlled.”
“So then you are required to smoke?”
“Indeed.”
“You couldn’t have chosen something more… healthy?”
At this he chuckled heartily. “It’s not so much a choice as it is finding something that fits your personality.” There was a pause then he added, “It isn’t entirely bad though. There is an upside.”
“Yes?”
“Control of a demon is beneficial.”
“But always a burden?”
“Yes. Being rid of the demon is always a preference.”
A thought occurred to me. “So then Selena also has a Primary Crutch.”
“Correct.”
“Well? What is it?”
“I don’t know, Jet. Most prefer to keep it a secret.”
“Why?”
He grinned as if I had just told a naughty joke. Behind us, a random cheer went up from the sports watchers as something exciting happened on the TV. “Let me repeat; people have to find something that fits their personality…”
I frowned, knowing this was something to which I should know the answer. “And?”
“You really are very slow sometimes,” he muttered with a scoff, “Now, let’s talk about Brent, shall we?”
“Okay. And that’s something else I want to ask about. How did you know what happened with him? What kind of magic is that?”
“That’s called Logical Prediction.”
“Right, Selena mentioned it before. She also seems to know stuff before it happens. How?”
“Observation. Observe the world, observe the people in the world, see the potential, then guess what will happen next. It’s similar to predicting what will happen in the plot of a movie, easier than you might think, especially when you are able to understand people’s nature. I knew Brent would have his face smashed in by loan sharks the moment I told him to go sort out the situation.”
“And you let him do it? You couldn’t have helped him out?”
“Yes, I could’ve helped. But this was going to happen to him sooner or later, I decided it was time. Half my life has been spent sorting out his bad decisions. Enough is enough.”
I processed the information. “You did it on purpose?” 
“On purpose?” He sighed. “No. I let events take their natural course. But I won’t lie, Brent has screwed me over one too many times and I kind of wanted to see it happen.”
“Right. That’s heavy.”
Another cheer went up from the crowd. It indicated a new beat for the conversation.
“So what are we going to do?” I asked at last.
“You know where he is being held?”
“Yes. At least I assume he’s still being held there.”
“How many?”
Pout and Sunglasses. And let’s not forget Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum the silent henchmen. “Four. But one is a magic user.”
“Ah. Any good?”
“I have no idea. He seemed competent, I guess.”
“They have guns?”
“Not that I saw”
He looked at me and raised his eyebrows. “Well?”
“What?” 
“We could go in and get him.”
“You mean…?” I had a vivid mental image of kicking in the hotel door and letting loose with some Spirit. Yes, it was appealing in an action hero sort of way, but at the same moment Brent’s bloodied face returned in graphic detail. With a man’s life at risk action hero fantasies seemed rather childish. There was every possibility Brent would have a bullet in his head before we even made it up the steps. Hell, there was every chance I’d have a bullet in me before we made it up the stairs. “Not so sure about that, Benny. Seems pretty risky.”
He shrugged and swigged the beer. “I suppose. Would have been cool though.” The words sounded genuine but I got the impression he knew my answer before I gave it. “So, guess we’ll be gambling after all.”
“Guess so.”
“When do they want the money?”
“One week.”
“Think you’re up to it?”
“I have to be.”
“Right you are. Then here’s what we’ll do; I’ll set up the big poker game for Saturday. Between now and then we’ll practice as much as possible. I think maybe we should hit a few low key games. How does that sound?”
“Sure.”
“Great. Then you just focus on honing your skill, I’ll take care of the rest. Deal?”
“Could I say no?” It was a rhetorical question. Even if I was heartless and didn’t give a crap about Brent’s life, I happened to require the money fairly badly. But truthfully I felt responsible for Brent. We had been partners after all. And partners didn’t leave partners in the thick of it.
“Sure you could,” he answered, “Will you?”
“Of course not. What about Selena?”
“What about her?”
“You don’t think she’ll be watching me? Or… logically predict this outcome?”
“Possibly. But keep in mind that Logical Prediction isn’t an exact science, Jet, it’s a fairly flawed process.”
“She seemed pretty good at it.”
“What choices are there? You know another way to make quick money without knocking off a bank?”
Short of winning the lottery, I could think of no other way that produced good money and came from a “legal” source. “Not off the top of my head.”
“Then you better get some rest today, we have a hell of a week ahead of us.”
And what a week it turned out to be.

* * *

Later that day I sat on my bed and stared at the bottle of painkillers in my hand. The pain in my shoulder was only faintly present, and I knew that practicing my place of calm should have been a top priority, but the pills held an allure I could not deny. A peaceful uninterrupted night was as simple as popping two pills and letting the euphoria take me. Wasn’t I allowed this, with all the other anxiety and stress in my life? Wasn’t I owed, if not anything else, a restful night’s sleep? 
The hesitation went on for longer than I care to mention. Finally, I shoved the pills into my pocket and settled in for a bit of practice.
About an hour into the session a sound came from the direction of my door, something like a small dog trying to get an owners attention. The sort of sound that represented no real intention of opening the door but more a want for the door to be opened.
“Mom?” I muttered hopefully. “Clinton?”
As expected; no response. The pawing continued louder and more persistent.
 Then came the vibrating in my head, making doubly sure I knew who had come to the party; “Danger, danger! Demon at the door!”
I bowed my head and closed my eyes, amazed at how quickly I had become at ease with the situation.
Across the room, the pawing increased in effort, rising to a point where the entire door rattled on its hinges.
Rattle, rattle, rattle, rattle…
This continued for perhaps thirty seconds.
I maintained focus. The rattling stopped.
Over so quickly?
No. A new sound, this time in the ceiling; a thumping, shuffling noise, as though something vaguely human sized was crawling in the roof. Loud, blatant and clumsy, the sound moved from the area above door, slowly in my direction.
Thump, shuffle-shuffle, thump, bump.
Gradually it drew closer, the buzzing in my head intensifying as the proximity of the sound approached. Soon the unseen entity would be directly over my head.
I flinched. This attack was on a new level. When the sounds had been from areas of the room that I associated with being natural barriers, windows and doors, I could handle them. In the ceiling was having a different effect.
Still, I maintained my focus and my place of calm held.
Thump, thump, shuffle, bump, thump, shuffle.
The sound moved into place directly above me and stopped. Silence. The buzzing in my head screamed.
Unintentionally my body tensed, waiting for something to drop through the ceiling. Nothing did. The silence drew on.
Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap…
I jumped. This was from the window. A fingernail was being tapped rapidly against the glass.
Tap, tap, tap, tap…tap, tap, tap, tap… 
Louder, demanding attention.
My focus wavered, eyes wanting to open. But I resisted, took a deep breath and sank back into my place of calm. In response the tapping stopped.
More silence, I breathed a sigh of relief.
Rattle, rattle, rattle…! Rattle, rattle!
The door again. Violent, angry and frustrated. There was the sound of wood starting to splinter under strain. The key went flying from the lock and clattered to the floor
I squinted my eyes, desperate to keep them closed. Sweat was starting to bead on my forehead. Stay focused, stay focused.
Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap! Tap, tap, tap!
The window joined in with the door, louder, the two together making a sort of unconventional, rhythm-less song. My breath was starting to quicken and heart pick up its pace. I was losing focus. The buzzing in my head was now virtually rattling my teeth.
Thump, thump! Shuffle! Thump!
The body in the ceiling joined the symphony of noise, moving in a circle above my head. Together the sounds were becoming overwhelming. My body began to twitch and flinch with each jarring new noise. Stay focus, stay focused!
The symphony continued, assaulting me from all angles; more frantic, angrier. The door was creaking and cracking, the window sounded as if it would shatter. Above me, the unseen weight circled, thumping the ceiling like a drum.
All at once, eyes still closed, my place of calm shattered. “Oh God! Leave me alone!” The words burst from my mouth before I could bite them back. Around me, the sounds stopped and there was again silence.
I sat with eyes tightly shut, body shaking, breath panting and sweat dripping from my face.
The sounds did not return.
I opened my eyes, curious to see if my door would show any signs of damage. If I had been paying attention, I would have noticed that the warning buzz had not ceased.
Five feet above me, crouched on the ceiling in some mad act of gravity defiance, the demon was looking down with its red eyes. It shrieked, the sound of nails being dragged across a blackboard, and came tumbling down on top of me.
Then I was screaming. Harder and louder than I ever had before. The demon responded with its own piercing shriek; a sound that went on and on, no gap for breath or break in the note.
I stared up into its face and despite the unrelenting horror, managed to take in bizarre details. The creatures’ clenched teeth were a mild shade of yellow, apparently from a smoking habit. The eyes, blood red, were not as completely red as they first appeared. Upon closer examination it was possible to see that the eyes were indeed white, only riddled with thousands of delicately thin red veins.
A warm hand clamped around my neck and choked me. The endless shriek continued.
I was aware, distantly, that my Spirit had once again ignited, coming to my defence and eagerly waiting to be used. But with liquid panic pumping through my veins I could not even begin to conceive of how to use it. Instead I fought back the old fashioned way, clawing at the blue face and attempting to wriggle from under its body. Results were not encouraging.
The world began to go dark as I coughed and gurgled, helplessly trying to draw in breath through a restricted throat. My arms were suddenly numb and useless. I was losing consciousness. Then, once again defying what I knew to be possible, the demon reached into my chest. There was a suffocating pressure where the hand first made contact with my body, then passed through skin, muscle and bone. After a second a sharp pain shot through my left arm.
 Even in a state of blinding panic I realised what was happening. My heart. Its hand had taken hold of my heart and I was experiencing cardiac arrest.
Defeated and hovering on the brink of consciousness, I realised that the demon was feeding on my Spirit. The horror and anxiety seemed to be acting as a doorway, lowering my natural defences and offering access to my energy reserves. I could feel, like water down a drain, my Spirit flowing up into the demon.
In a very distant world my bedroom door slammed open.
“Jet! Oh God, Jet!”
It was Clinton. From the corner of my dimming eye I saw him stumbling into the room, eyes bulging. He hesitated, then grabbed the chair near the foot of my bed, hoisted it up over his head and smashed it down onto the demon. There was a loud THUNK. The demon flinched and the ceaseless shrieking stopped.
The creature shifted to look over its shoulder, easing its grip on my neck. It regarded Clinton with mild annoyance, then came a sharp contraction in my chest and my heart fired back up in a thundering frenzy. The intruding hand was withdrawn.
I knew this was a window of opportunity that would not be presenting itself again, and all at once, enraged by feelings of violation and unprovoked assault, I reached for my Spirit, drawing it up by simple process of determined thought. In an instant Spirit rushed like living liquid to obey my mental commands, filling the space before my eyes with a shimmering orb of popping electrified air. Like a finger pulling an invisible trigger, I willed the orb to be released and it obeyed.
At once the demon’s head was snapping back on its shoulders, as if receiving an upper cut from the strongest boxer on Earth. The bolt proceeded upwards, went ploughing into the ceiling and out through the roof, creating an instant DIY skylight. Rubble and debris rained down around me.
Eager to capitalise on my sudden advantage I reached up and grabbed either side of the still swaying head, then twisted and pulled, dragging the demon off my body. It toppled off the bed and hit the floor with a thump.
“Oh shit! Shit! Jet, what should I do?!”
I ignored Clinton’s screams, sure that there was nothing more he could do.
A glance revealed that the demon was still stunned and I swung myself off the bed and leapt on top of it, letting instinct take over. One of my hands balled into a fist and smashed down into the blue face. But the effect was underwhelming, something like smacking a fist into a frozen steak.
Again, instinct led my actions.
I raised my fist for a second punch and drew again from the well of energy by simple action of thought. The crackling power flowed through me, originating via my chest, then zipping up my arm and collecting around my hand. 
I descended the fist and made contact. A jolt went through me as the energy was released in a miniature burst, materialising as an explosion of sizzling air. The escaping force sent a thundering boom through the house, rattling windows and shaking further debris from the improvised skylight. Behind me Clinton was knocked from his feet and went staggering to floor.
I withdrew the fist, pleased to see the demon’s head had splintered wooden floor planks.
Without hesitation I raised my fist for a second blow and gathered energy, adding an extra dose for good measure. The punch fell, BOOM, my clothing fluttered and the demon’s head disappeared into the floor. Then my bedroom window exploded from the expanding shockwave.
I raised my fist a third time, but the creature went limp, its arms flopping to the floor on either side of my legs.
I waited, but it made no further movement and I stepped back.
A shuffle from behind indicated Clinton was once again standing. I turned and saw him creeping forward, his glasses sitting askew on his face.
“Is it… dead?” he whispered, leaning forward.
“No,” I replied grimly, “It doesn’t die that way.”
“What is it?”
“Long story, Clinton. Thanks for the help.”
“Sure.” He paused. “What happens now?”
“I don’t really know…”
There was a crunch and the demon was back on its feet in one fluid motion, extracting its head from the splintered floor.
“Run, Clinton!”
He did as I said. The demon crouched into an attacking position. 
I drew up every ounce of Spirit I had left and released it in a massive, thundering burst. My hopes were that the force would be enough to have the creature disintegrating into sparkling particles, as it had done in the fight with Selena. But, as roughly one whole corner of my room disappeared and was blown back into the outside world, I guessed I had used much more than was needed. After a beat there came the screeching of tires from outside; a car struggling to keep control as it was showered with bricks and debris.
The display had been impressive. The downside was that the demon remained where it had been, untouched. I had blown a hole in the wall roughly a foot above its head. Aim, it seemed, was something upon which I would have to work.
A second later my legs began to feel weak and fatigue rushed in to occupy my body. The reserves were empty; I had spent everything. My knees buckled and I went to the floor.
The demon watched as if appreciating the magnitude of the blunder, then stepped forward to finish what it had started. 
I scrambled backwards across the floor, managing to evade the first clutching grasp of its hands. But it was an act in pure futility. The fatigue was deepening.
In a last ditch effort I crawled for the door, hoping against hope that the demon was confined to my room.
But no, I managed a few feet before a hand clamped around my ankle and I was dragged back towards the bed, fingernails clawing at the floor.
The demon reached down, grabbed the front of my shirt and dumped me onto the bed, manipulating my mass like I weighed no more than a sack of feathers.
There was once again a feeling of pressure as the hand reached into my chest, and again pain shot through my arm as my heart ceased to beat. I tried to scream, but the world was slipping away. Distantly I knew I should be fighting back. But the effort was more than I could handle. I wanted to sleep.
The next thing I was aware of was looking up at my mother.
It seemed like an age had passed. But since she was holding the demon off its feet, her hands clamped on either side of its blue head, I guessed it had been only seconds. The demon flailed. In response she twisted and there was a crack as a neck vertebrae fractured. The demon was gone, replaced by a shower of sparkling dust particles.
My mother stared at me; then moved to sit on the bed and caress my cheek. 
“You’re safe now,” she said softly. But the buzzing remained in my head, even with the demon temporarily defeated.
“No I’m not,” I responded, fighting to keep my eyes open. 
“I’m here to protect you now.”
“Who will protect me from you?”
Darkness closed in and I slept.
 
CHAPTER 12

When I woke I found that I had slept near eighteen hours.
My first thought was that the room had become awfully drafty. My second was that the argument happening on the street, currently nearing a heated climax, was much louder than it should have been. But a look straight up revealed it was turning out to be a rather nice, cloud free day, a fact I drew heart from, since insurance would surely later raise an eyebrow at my latest home improvements.
A few minutes later my door opened and Benny stepped in, dressed in full Junior Enforcer garments. He looked at me in silence, slowly shaking his head in a mock gesture of teacher-like disgust. Then with a soft chuckle he grinned and stepped forward to observe my handy work. The medals on his breast jingled as he moved. 
“I see you’ve blown a hole in the ceiling,” he said matter of factly, “And the wall.”
“It was not my intention,” I responded, propping myself up on an elbow.
“Indeed. Well, this is in violation of a fair amount of rules.” He took a small book from his back pocket, flipped through it and read from a page. “Malicious destruction of property via magical means. Disturbing the peace. Unregistered use of uncommon spells. The list goes on.”
I frowned, “Are you here as an Enforcer?”
“Right you are,” he declared brightly, his grin expanding, “You registered with me and I volunteered as your official babysitter.” The book was flipped closed. “You, my old chum, are going to get a warning this time. But let me not catch you blowing up your house in the future. It gets the neighbours all flustered and crying about potential injury and what not.”
“Oh. Thanks.” My head was still spinning and body fatigued, more so than after my previous use of raw energy. Last time had felt like a rough morning after too many beers. This was more a rough week after too much crack. The result, I expected, of having my demon feed from me. The little bastard had drained me right down to the dry bone.
“Are you feeling alright?” Benny asked, noticing what must have been a grim appearance on my part.
“Not really. Feel like shit.”
“I’ll bet you do. Heard from your mom you got frisky with a blue guy.” 
“Yes. My demon…” I replied, hesitating. I had a vague recollection of my mother being present, of her saving me…
“Hey, no need to explain yourself to me” he cut in, “What you do with your demon on your own time is no business of mine.”
“Ha ha.” I muttered.
He chuckled again and gave me a slap on the shoulder, then composed himself and adopted a more serious expression. “I don’t mean to do this to you buddy, but there’s a woman downstairs that claims you smashed up her car with a pile of bricks.”
“I did what?”
“Probably the ones you shot out of the wall.”
The memory returned and I sighed. “Yes, I may have done that.”
“Look, no problem. Offer to pay for the damages. Just make sure she doesn’t open a case. If she does that, I’m forced to take action and you get a black mark against your name. You don’t want one of those, trust me. You’ll have Enforcers camping out in the garden.”
“I can’t afford to pay for the damages.”
He shrugged and waved a hand dismissively. “Hell, don’t worry about that. It’ll take her half a year just to get the right paper work.”
“Oh. Good.”
“Can you stand?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Take a minute. Lay back, visit your place of calm and breathe deep for a bit. Your Spirit will gather again in no time.”
“Okay.”
“Meet me downstairs. We have some things to discuss anyway.”
“Right.”
He turned on his heel and left. I did as he said.
Sure enough, my Spirit rushed back to me in abundance with each deep inhalation. Being in my place of calm seemed to amplify the intake of Spirit.
Downstairs a pair of raised voices drifted up to meet me, one if which I assumed to be the woman who’s car I had destroyed. From the snippets of dialogue I caught Benny was fighting a losing battle against her insistence to open a case.
After five minutes I felt energised, enough to stand at least, and took one last deep breath before going to face my accuser.
It turned out to be a woman approaching her sixties. Even without any magical assistance, I could tell from appearance that she was the kind of person who would fight this till the ends of time.
I descended the stairs; below me Benny had blocked her entrance at the front door. He looked over his shoulder at my approach.
“Ah, here’s the young man now,” he said to her, his tone of voice reflecting a failing attempt to be her ally. “Jet, meet Mrs. Nelson.”
The woman locked eyes on me and scowled, an expression that would have bitter librarians everywhere nodding in approval.
“Now you listen to me,” she snorted, slipping past Benny and shuffling into the house, “I don’t know where you think you can get off destroying a pensioners car, but you are going to hear from me in court. Understand?!”
“My deepest apologies, Mrs. Nelson,” I responded, holding up my hands in surrender, “It was an accident. You see, I’m just recently coming into magical abilities and I haven’t quite…”
“You keep your excuses to yourself, young man,” she continued, poking a finger in my face. Amazingly the shriek of her voice rivalled that of my demon. “Its reprobates like you that are turning this town into a hazard just to live in. With your magical nonsense and bad attitude, shooting up the walls and smashing up a well looked after vehicle as if you just think you own the world. High as well, I’m willing to bet. I assure you there will be blood tests, so best you come clean now and we can at least start on the right foot.”
“I’ll pay for the damages, ma’am.”
“Oh you most certainly will! I promise you that!” She was getting into her pace, eyes glaring over the retro spectacles as she leaned up to spit the words into my face. It would not have surprised me if she had some relation to Paul. Or at least attended the same prestigious school of intimidation tactics. “You will be paying for the damages and having your name slapped with as many black marks as I can manage!”
I glanced over her shoulder and saw Benny sagging in defeat. He met my gaze with an expression that said “this is going nowhere,” then nodded to her and tapped a finger to his temple.
“What?” I mouthed back.
He repeated the gesture; nodding at her and tapping a finger to his head. I clicked.
“No!” I mouthed frantically.
“Do it!” he mouthed back.
“No!”
“Oh for Christ sake!” he muttered out loud, then grabbed Mrs. Nelson by the shoulder and turned her to face him.
“Young man! How dare you…?!” The words trailed off and her mouth popped open in confusion.
“You will let Jet pay for the damages and forget about this,” he said firmly, “There is no necessity to blacken the name of a young man who just made a mistake. Isn’t that right Mrs. Nelson?”
“Yes, that seems fair.”
“Perfect. Now be a good girl, go home and do your taxes or something. Alright?”
“Yes, I’ll go do my taxes.”
“Run along now.”
He released her and she shuffled off out the door, not giving me a second glance.
I shook my head. “That was downright mean.”
“Oh please. Were you going to stand here all day listening to that? She had a voice like a drowning cat. There was hardly a scratch on the damn car, anyway. She just has nothing else to keep her occupied.”
“Then at least tell her to go phone her grandchildren. Brighten her day.”
He rolled his eyes. “Fine. Next one is yours. Let’s take a walk.”
We stepped outside and strolled towards his car, an understated little vehicle that begged to go unnoticed.
To our left, Mrs. Nelson was climbing into the damaged vehicle in question. As Benny had stated, it bore only minor signs of damage.
Benny spoke as we walked. “Now listen, we have a mini test game of poker this evening.”
“Yes?”
“There’s a little place in town called Jack’s Panic. 4pm. Low key, mostly drunks, we’ll see how it goes.”
“Got it.”
We arrived at his car. “And Jet…”
“What?”
“I would seriously consider taking care of that demon problem. Sooner or later that little bastard will be impossible to keep at bay. It’ll stroll right in and repeat the feeding process whenever it feels like it. Not pleasant.”
I shuddered at the thought. “I’m doing the best I can.”
No sooner had the words been spoken a second car, bright red and shimmering, slipped into place behind Benny’s. The contrast between the two vehicles was a clichéd declaration of middle and high class standards.
“What do we have here?” Benny muttered curiously. “Know any celebrities?”
I shook my head.
One of the red beast’s doors opened and out stepped Selena, looking as appealing as ever in the strangely provocative formal business-wear. Her expression upon seeing Benny, however, managed to be even more intimidating than usual.
“Miss Stephania,” Benny said loudly, smiling at her approach.
“Mister Kingston,” she responded dryly.
“How’s the training business?”
“Fine,” She glanced at the medals on his breast. “I see you have still not made full Enforcer. How unfortunate,” The tone suggested she thought this was anything but unfortunate.
He let out a short bark of laughter, one that barely covered the sting. “Oh Selena, you have remained so delightfully observant.”
“I have come to see my student, Mister Kingston. If you would be on your way that would be appreciated.”
“Now now, Selena. We have to fill out an incident report. Your student did a fair amount of damage. Rules are rules, after all.” He smiled placidly as her glare ignited his face with restrained anger.
“Yes, Mister Kingston. Rules are rules. If you would have the report sent to me via official courier that would be fine.”
“Will do.” He shot her one final smile, gave me a sharp pat on the shoulder, “Stay well, Jet. Try not to destroy any more buildings,” then climbed into his car and drove off. Selena watched the rear of the vehicle till it disappeared around a corner.
“You know Benny?” I asked uneasily.
“Yes,” she replied, “We have met before. Once upon a time we worked in the same section of the Department of Magic.”
“That makes sense.”
“We did not always see eye to eye.”
“Right.”
I shuffled my feet, acknowledging that she had likely guessed Benny’s involvement in my previous illegal activities.
“I heard via Mister Kingston that you had trouble with your demon,” she changed the subject swiftly.
“Yes.”
“Serious?”
“I think so, yes.”
She turned and looked up at the house, spotting the hole that gaped out onto the street. “This is a serious offence, Mister Clarence. I assume Mister Kingston opened an official case, as he said?”
Nothing seemed less appealing than causing further conflict between Benny and Selena. “Yes.” 
“Good. It fed from you? The demon?” 
I nodded. “Yes.”
“The process by which a demon feeds on its host is very specific, Mister Clarence. And often holds clues as to the nature of the demon itself.”
“It reached into my chest and did something to my heart.”
“Similarity to how your father died, as I recall.”
“Yes.”
“Interesting. How did it gain entrance into the physical world?”
“Lots of noise, banging at the door, tapping at the window, that kind of thing. I couldn’t keep focus. When I opened my eyes, it was there.”
“Very well. You are in grave danger, Mister Clarence. The demon is gaining strength at a phenomenal rate. For your safety we will be speeding up the process. Tomorrow you will face your demon and attempt to defeat it.”
I gaped. “Tomorrow?”
“Yes. I would not do so ordinarily, but I believe that if it is put off any longer you and those around you will be at great risk.”
“What if I’m not ready?”
“I will do my best, Mister Clarence.” She gave me a glance up and down and shook her head. “We have a meeting in two hours. This gives you enough time to change your clothing, at least. Good day.”

***

Heeding Selena’s words, I scrounged up clothes before heading to the meeting. Moments later I glanced to my right and realised, with grim amusement, that an elderly woman walking her dog had stopped to watch me change through the hole in the wall.
The drive to the Defence Training Offices swam with a variety of concerns, not least that Selena seemed to have recognised Benny for what he was. Paranoia screamed at me that she knew what we had planned. Whether she had that kind of power remained a mystery.
Secondly was that I had been the plaything of my demon friend. To put it bluntly; it had kicked my ass, and confronting it seemed an ambitious task. I guessed that resorting to explosions was not the intended course of action, but should it come to that, my impression was that I would be coming off second best.
I arrived on time and found my parking place. Jenny, my favourite assistant, led me into the mansion.
“I heard you had some trouble,” she said.
“I may have.”
“Blew a hole in the wall?”
“And the ceiling.”
“Very impressive.”
I gave her a sideways glance. “Thank you.”
“My pleasure. Your confrontation with the demon has been moved earlier?”
“Tomorrow.”
We entered into the waiting room and she gestured toward the doors. 
I hesitated, imagining that she was less warm than the previous times I had visited.
“I don’t get any good luck wishes today?” I asked, doing my best to produce a charming grin.
She returned a smile; one in which her eyes did not participate. “Good luck.”
I watched her exit. Paranoia. Obviously just paranoia.
Inside the main hall the furniture had been returned to its previous central position. Selena, once again adopting perfect posture, watched me as I approached. The walk seemed to take an eternity.
I sank into my couch, half expecting her first words to be something like; “Sadly, Mister Clarence, you have forced me into a most unfortunate situation and I must deal with you harshly.”
This was not the case.
“We will be doing something unconventional today, Mister Clarence.” She swivelled in the chair to face me. “Something that is only possible because of what I have already seen you are capable of doing.”
“What?”
“I will allow you access to my mind. I believe it will be of great benefit if you were to experience an event of my own life.”
“Access to your mind?”
“You have done so once before with my demon. Can you reproduce this spell? It seemed effortless previously.”
“I can try.”
“Good.”
The moment trailed off into silence and her eye contact faltered. This was not something she was comfortable doing. In fact, remembering her reaction to the previous mental intrusion, I dared allow myself feel honoured, wondering if this was on a par with throwing a complimentary pair of panties in Selena’s world.
“The confrontation with my own demon,” she continued, “was something that did not go well. A regrettable affair. My hope is that observing it will allow you an insight into a delicate and dangerous situation. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“I hope so.” Her gaze turned back into steel and I squirmed. “There is something you must understand, Mister Clarence.”
“I’m listening.”
“Have you heard of what is known as a Primary Crutch?”
“I have. Benny Kingston told me.”
“What is your relationship with Mister Kingston, exactly?”
“We’re friends.”
“Escoge bien a tus amigos. Choose your friends wisely.”
“I do.”
“For your sake I hope this is true.”
There was another general squirming of discomfort on my part.
“Before we begin I would like to make some things clear. First, you are an observer in my thoughts and I expect you will keep that in mind. Follow my lead and do as I do.”
“I will.”
“Second,” her brow creased in a barely registering frown, “you will be the first person I have allowed such a thing…”
The sentence trailed off. I scrambled for the appropriate response, wanting her to know that I understood the honour, but not knowing how to word it.
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. You may begin.”
She leaned forward and locked her eyes on my own. I copied the gesture, leaning in to close the distance between us.
With only a dozen inches of space separating our faces, I proceeded to repeat the spell.

CHAPTER 13


Early twenties Selena was on her back, the demon on top of her as it slashed savagely with bony hands. Her shriek rose to a fever pitch as the clothing shredded from her body and blood spattered the walls. Beside the bed, sitting on the little bedside table, the phone continued to ring.
All at once the demon ceased, clawed hands still poised to strike. I wondered if perhaps young Selena were learning to control the creature, but as it began to scoop her up into its arms I realised what was happening. The demon was now embracing her - And feeding on her. 
The feeding process was different for every demon, present day Selena had told me, and it came as no surprise that in this case the affair manifested as displays of physical affection between mother and daughter. It made sense, in the worst possible way.
 Young Selena squirmed and thrashed in terrified resistance as her “mother” held her tight, Spirit flowing between the two bodies. The helpless girl screamed and screamed.
My immediate instinct was to step forward and offer assistance, but a restraining hand fell on my shoulder. I turned to see Selena, modern day, looking at me with an expression of warning.
“Just watch,” she said softly, “You will see I learned something very important that day.”
The horrible scene continued; early twenties Selena flailed helplessly. Then, with no conscious effort, one of her thrashing feet slammed into the bedside table and knocked the phone from its perch, jarring the receiver off the bedside table.
In response the demon stopped, released her, and sat back; its eyes turning to the dislodged receiver. 
Early twenties Selena grabbed the opportunity and scrambled from the bed, sobbing hysterically, and retreated into a corner of the room. The demon made no effort to restrain her.
Now the moment lapsed into the familiar limbo from my previous visit. To my left rain lashed the small window.
“What happened?” I asked present day Selena, feeling obliged to whisper, “Why did it stop?”
“The phone,” she responded, “Can you guess who was on the line?”
My mind chugged and threw up the logical answer, “Your mom.”
“Sí.”
“Why does that matter?”
“She and the demon are in essence one and the same, Mister Clarence. When presented with a mirror a demon is forced to acknowledge its origin. And its origin is always a part of the one which it haunts. Do you understand…?”
I was about to respond with something like; “Not really,” but there was jolt, a shifting of reality and the scene blurred and streaked; drawn off over my head.
The world was replaced with the most gentle, pleasant piano melody I had ever heard. Slow, sombre and brooding, the gentle music surrounded me and grew louder, ushering in a new reality.
 Selena was looking up at me, waiting as my senses returned. After a moment she pointed over my shoulder.
Directly behind me in the corner of the quaint restaurant I now occupied, was young Selena and a handsome young man. They were seated with a flickering candle between them. Nearby a formally dressed pianist plucked out the mournful tune.
“You did fine,” the young man was saying, grasping her hands affectionately, “Really, Selena, you’re so hard on yourself. You were probably best in your class…”
I figured he was referring to the oral exam results which had caused such hard feelings during my previous visit. As genuine and caring as his tone was, the frustrated expression on young Selena’s face declared she was not comforted. A muscle in her jaw contracted as her teeth gritted.
“I mean, seriously,” the young man continued, “Most would have been thrilled with your grade. Why aren’t you jumping up and down for joy?” Her gaze turned venomous. “Selena? Are you okay?”
All at once she pulled her hands from his grasp and stood, “Excuse me,” then marched from the restaurant. He watched her go with stunned eyes, the sentiment reflecting my own bafflement at the situation.
The piano music distorted and faded. Once again, the scene was drawn past me in smudges of motion, giving way to a new environment.
I now stood looking down at a white tiled floor. Above, a single white bulb offered gloomy illumination.
“It’s starting now,” present day Selena whispered.
I started to turn, but she pushed one hand against my cheek and shifted my gaze to a mirror across the bathroom. Young Selena was staring at her reflection, holding a cordless phone to an ear.
“You just stood and left,” spoke a voice I recognised as Gloria Stephania.
“Yes, mami,” responded young Selena.
“He was a trophy. How dare you treat him in that way?”
“We were not compatible.”
“Compatible?” Gloria’s voice raised a notch. “Don’t be silly. It took a lot of effort to get you that date, Selena. I’ll never hear the end of it. His mother will use this weapon against me for months.”
“I’m sorry, mami.” She diverted her eyes from the reflection. Then, as the conversation continued, her body began to shake with frustration.
“Did you even give him a chance?” Gloria continued, “What a nice young man. Kind, handsome, caring and a registered doctor, I might add.”
Then the mirror was shattering as young Selena threw the phone, sending glass and fragments of plastic tinkling across the tiled floor.
For what seemed an age there was silence. She stood motionless, hands balled into fists and head bowed.
Finally with a shuddering breath she turned to leave, walking in my direction. I made an effort to step aside but alas, after only two steps she stopped and yelped in pain. 
A glance down revealed that she had trodden with bare foot on a fragment of mirror, opening an inch long gash on the sole of her foot. The wound looked painful and I grimaced in empathy.
A hop took her over to the bathtub where she gingerly lowered herself down to sit on the rim. The injured foot was raised and inspected.
My expectation was that she would extract the piece of glass. But as I watched the young woman simply stared, observing the slow accumulation of blood. Where there had once been an expression of barely contained rage was now a dreamy look of serenity.
The blood gathered and created the first lingering drop, a process that was now the centre of the girl’s focus. As the drop fell and splattered onto the white tiles the self- induced spell broke. She blinked, looked around, and let out a satisfied sigh.
I gaped. The story was coming together and I had an idea of where it was going. All at once, I was not sure I wanted to see the rest…
A swirl of mixing images and I was in a dimly lit bedroom. Not Selena’s. A fact made clear by my knowledge that she would never live in a place so proudly low income. There was a scurrying and I glanced down in time to see a rat scamper behind a cabinet.
The next sound that caught my attention was a rustling of fabric combined with a tell-tale lusty smacking.
To my right, at the foot of an unmade bed, two people were in an embrace, lips locked in frantic kissing. One was young Selena, the other a mid-thirties man who I would not trust to watch my car.
Young Selena suddenly pulled away and broke the embrace, leaving the man looking perplexed.
“Carlos, I must tell you something,” she said, her expression one of growing expectation.
“What?”
“I slept with Arturo.”
“You what…?” His eyes bulged. “You slept with my brother?”
“Sí. Here. In this room.”
A pause. Rage grew in Carlos, practically sending jets of steam from his ears.  
Selena watched him. “I liked it,” she added.
“What?! You bitch!”
The slap nearly put her flat on her back, sending her staggering three full steps. 
I stared in horror as she relished the moment, Carlos’ shoulders heaving in rage. But his rage soon subsided and was replaced with astonishment. He too recognised the expression now on her face. It was one of pleasure, bordering on orgasmic.
She smiled, the struck cheek breaking out into a blotched red pattern that imitated a hand print.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Carlos muttered.
She did not respond. Instead, an aura of satisfaction about her, she turned and exited the room.
I felt a presence at my shoulder. “I did not sleep with Arturo….”
Suddenly I was bathed in a pleasant symphony of chirping birds and rustle of wind through leaves. The scene changed again.
I turned on the spot, looking up at majestic, beautiful trees that stretched into a nearly solid vegetation canopy. Sunlight, bright and pure, penetrated in winking flares.
“We’re here now,” a sombre voice said.
I lowered my gaze and met the eyes of present day Selena.
“This is where it happens,” she continued. “This is where I confront my demon.”
“Are you ready, Selena?” A new voice came from behind me, gruff and low.
I turned and beheld a tall, mid-fifties man, face partially obscured by an enormous bush of grey beard. His frame, loosely covered in a sort of flowing monk’s robe, was slight and less than intimidating. His blue eyes, however, were so intense and blindingly alert that I had no doubt of his magical potential.
Before him stood young Selena, looking up with a face distorted by anxiety. She too wore a robe; stained and marked with evidence of extensive outdoor travel.
“I’m ready,” she said to the old man, doing an admirable job of hiding the trembles of fear. 
“Do not let it control you. Know that you are its master. Control it, and then confront it, as you confront yourself.” He paused, gazing at her with paternally affectionate eyes, “Be the mirror, Selena.”
“I will, Sebastian.”
“Then begin. I’ll be right here, my daughter.”
All around us the chattering forest wildlife continued to sing, oblivious to the coming confrontation.
Young Selena took a few steps into a small clearing of trees; a sort of natural structure. Surrounded on all sides by encroaching foliage, the environment had an aura of significance. 
I glanced over my shoulder at present day Selena. She watched the events with unflinching calm.
Meanwhile, young Selena had taken a kneeling position at one end of the clearing, Sebastian standing nearby. She stared straight ahead and concentrated, the wildlife went suddenly quiet. Even the rustle of wind through leaves faded and became distant. It felt as if the world were contracting, drawing in like the air had weight.
At the far end of the clearing I spotted the shape of a person among the leafy branches….
“Stay focused,” Sebastian called out, his voice tinged with caution. Young Selena nodded without looking round.
The demon stepped from between the trees and came gliding into the clearing, its fur coat snagging and catching on twigs at it brushed past a branch. Young Selena remained calm as she watched it approach.
“Be still,” she declared. The demon halted in its step, eyes locked on her.
Woman and demon stared at each other. From above, a dead leaf fluttered down on the breeze and came to rest on the grass. There was silence. A silence so deep and suffocating it virtually held a presence.
“Mami,” Young Selena said. The demon flinched. “I’m not a little girl anymore. Do you hear me? I’m not your niña anymore. I’m a grown woman, and I need you to leave me alone.” The words, although spoken in a commanding voice, trembled with undercurrents of terror. “You cannot tell me what to do anymore. You cannot control my life. I want you to leave me alone. I am not perfect, and I never will be.”
I stared, heart hammering.
“Stay firm,” Sebastian said, “Stay strong, Selena! Tell her! Make her understand!”
An expression of cold incomprehension remained on the demon’s face; a face that was both that of Gloria Stephania and that of a creature too inhuman to be real. It emitted a crooning shriek, something near the purring of a large cat. It was a sound that could almost be interpreted as affectionate.
“I’ll never be perfect, mami,” young Selena repeated, “I’ll never be what you want me to be. Please, stop. Just stop, and leave me alone. I love you, mami, but I need you to leave me alone.”
The demon crooned again, its head cocking to one side. It seemed inconceivable that such a horrific creature could be capable of emotion, but I was certain I saw a glimmer of understanding in the cold eyes.
It took a shuffling step forward. Then another. Young Selena watched, tears now creeping from the corners of her eyes.
“I love you, mami. I love you.”
Another step forward, bringing it within just a few feet of the kneeling girl. In a graceful moment it crouched and the two were face to face.
“Perfection,” the demon said, “Perfection.”
“No, mami,” she whispered, shaking her head, “I will never be perfection. Just me.”
“Perfection.”
“No.”
The demon paused, crooning again. It gingerly lifted a hand and extended it. Young Selena hesitated, then drawing on what must have been extraordinary courage, reached out and took the hand.
I glanced quickly at Sebastian, wondering if this was the standard fashion in which a person confronted a demon. The old man watched with intense focus.
“Let me be who I want to be, mami,” young Selena said to the creature, their hands still clasped in an affectionate gesture. “Will you let me go? Please?”
The demon seemed to consider this.
“Perfection!” The word was louder; sharp and painfully shrill. “Perfection! Perfection!”
“No.”
“Perfection! Perfection! Perfection!” Louder.
“No mami.”
“Perfection! Perfection! Perfection! Perfection!”
She was flinching under the assault. “No, mami! No!”
Nearby Sebastian tensed.
“Perfection! Perfection! Perfection!” The words were rising ever higher in pitch, becoming unbearable.
“No! No! Leave me alone!” She tried to pull her hand from the demon’s grasp; it held tight.
“Selena!” Sebastian yelled, “Control it! Stay fast!”
But his words were in vain.
All at once young Selena panicked. Her face contorted with horror and she flailed frantically, attempting to withdraw her hand as if she suddenly realised it was caught in a box of scorpions.
“Perfection! Perfection! Perfection!” The words distorted and became a hideous shriek. 
The creature attacked, lunging forward in an unnaturally quick motion and slamming the girl onto her back. I had no doubt that the embracing and Spirit stealing ritual from earlier would repeat.
“Oh God! Sebastian! Help me!”
But he needed no cue; already the old man was rushing forward with an agility that suggested a person many years younger. His clenched fist, crackling with energy, swept up in a picture-perfect uppercut. A release of energy expanded from the point of impact and jolted trees in every direction, bringing down a shower of fluttering leaves.
I gasped at the result.
The demon took somersaulting flight, achieving three full 360º flips before colliding with a tree. Splinters flew, more leaves cascaded down and a branch came crashing to the ground.
“Get up, Selena!” Sebastian roared. “Get up and regain your focus! You cannot fail!”
But the girl had been reduced to a whimpering wretch. She stared up at him with an uncomprehending gape, entire body trembling in terror.
“Get up!” he roared.
From the foliage canopy came a blood curdling squawk. The demon, now clinging to the trunk of a tree twenty meters off the ground, glared down, its head turned at an impossible angle.
Sebastian stepped protectively in front of young Selena and raised a hand, pointing an index finger at his target. He let loose a sizzling bolt that went screaming up into the trees.
But the demon was fast; impossibly so. It released from its perch and went shooting off to the side, skipping from branch to branch with such astonishing agility that it boggled the mind.
The bolt missed and smashed through the tree, shattering wood and sending showers of splinter confetti.
The old man turned on the spot, trying to keep track of the zipping creature’s movements through the branches. It was circling him, flitting effortlessly from tree to tree with hops near too fast to follow with the eye.
Sebastian released another bolt. And another. And another. Each missing the target and crashing through branches like invisible cannon balls.
Then the attack came. The demon changed direction, kicked off a tree trunk with both feet and went flying into the air. Its body contorted, executing a dazzling aerial twist. Finally it came down directly overhead its attacker.
The old man buckled under the weight and went to the floor with a grunt.
There was a blur of motion and a struggle, but it was a one sided battle. Clawed hands swept down and cloth shredded. Again and again. Sebastian screamed, much louder than I thought he would.
I shifted my gaze over to young Selena; still on her back and whimpering in horror.
“Get up,” I growled, “Get up! Get up! Help him!”
“Selena!” Sebastian shrieked, “Run! Get up and run!”
Slashing attack after slashing attack raked flesh and tore muscle. Flecks of blood stained the air.
“Get up! Get up!”
At last she scrambled to her feet, body trembling, face streaked with tears. “Sebastian! Hold on!”
One hand disappeared under the robe and she drew out a small knife, the blade perhaps two inches long. A useless weapon.
My expectation was that she would throw herself on the monster and unleash a fury of stabbing attacks. But this did not happen.
Instead, my mind putting together the puzzle pieces as it occurred, she knelt, drew up the robe’s hem and exposed a leg. With slow deliberation she dragged the blade up the outer side of her thigh. A cut formed. Pure white and infinitely precise.
With eyes fixed on the cut the fear drained from her body and was replaced by calm. She exhaled as the white line turned to pink. Then red.
The attack ceased as quickly as it had started and the demon raised its head. The creature was calm. In emotion, a mirror image of young Selena.
Blood gathered and traced a pattern down her leg.
All at once the demon was gone. A shower of glittering particles rained down and settled on Sebastian’s mangled body.
“Sebastian?” Her voice was controlled. “Sebastian?”
She stepped over and crouched.
I knew he was dead.  Soon she did too.
The moment lingered. Young Selena knelt beside her bloody mentor and caressed his cheek.
 Around us a tension was released from the environment. The birds began to sing again.
“Oh no,” I said.
The trees began to melt. Colours mixed with colours and fell away.
Reality returned with a shuddering jolt. I was in the hall again.
Selena, present day, was looking at me, cheeks wet with tears. The pain present in her face was so raw, so deep and primal that after a moment I realised I too was crying.
“It wasn’t your fault,” I said.
She stood in silence. Then with one hand drew up her skirt. Her thighs were crisscrossed with what must have been dozens, perhaps hundreds of scars, some fresh and pink, others faded and years old. The most recent, from my previous visit, was yet displaying a scab of blood.
“I’m so sorry, Selena.”
Then we were embracing.

* * *

If you had told me a few days ago I would be hugging Selena Stephania, my response would have been along the lines of “how much would I be paying her?”
But as I stood with her arms around my shoulders I can honestly say I had never had such an affectionate embrace in my life. Beyond lust, beyond sexual passion; her deepest and most intimate emotions had been laid before me. And we were bonded.
The pain and horror she had felt at Sebastian’s death was something I not only understood, but shared. In a flash I saw my own father. Flat on his back, eyes glazing over. My mother was screaming and screaming…
We parted and Selena took a step back, wiping tears from her cheeks with the back of a hand.
“Now you understand,” she said, adjusting the creases from her skirt.
“Yes,” I replied softly.
“Good.”
There was a moment pregnant with things unexpressed.  “Selena…”
“You need not say anything,” she jumped in, “I wish only for you to learn.”
“Okay.” I decided to move things along, not wanting her to feel uncomfortable for even a second. “Why did it attack?”
“Only true understanding of one’s self can defeat a demon,’ she responded, now regaining her calm exterior, “I failed because I could not accept my own reality. In the end, I chose not to be the mirror which is a demon’s bane.”
I frowned. “How can I know I’m ready?”
“I have shown you where your demon was born, Jet. You have seen the birth of my own. Understanding is something you must choose for yourself, I cannot do it for you.”
“My father’s death.”
“Sí.” She nodded. “There is something which you cannot accept, or are refusing to accept. What?”
“I’m not sure.”
“You must be sure. Or you will fail.”
The words sunk in and I felt my stomach drop. “I’m not sure, Selena.”
“I have faith in you, Jet. You are strong, more so than even you understand.”
“Thank you.”
“Return tomorrow. And you will face your demon.”
“Okay.”
I hesitated, once again wanting to express the emotions swirling around in my head.
“Selena…”
“Yes?”
“I appreciate what you’ve done for me.”
“You are welcome, Jet.”


CHAPTER 14 

As I headed back home reality sunk in.
For some reason I had not considered death a possibility when one faced their demon. It had never really been openly stated at any point.
Tomorrow? Every exam, every test, every work deadline and even my five failed learners license tests had not held such foreboding.
And yes, I had indeed noticed that Selena had called me by my first name.
Honoured? Honoured and more. I had the greatest presentiment that what she had showed me was akin to ripping one’s own heart out and handing it to another for inspection. Honoured and so much more. I dared say that what I felt was something close to the traditional meaning of the word “love”. But since “love” generally involved flowers, candle lit dinners, tender moments in the drizzling rain and much affectionate laughter, this could not possibly have been that.
And now the guilt started. She had poured out her soul and I was knowingly deceiving her. Worse, she had gone as far as to give me a second chance. Why, oh why, had she done such a ridiculous thing?
I was overwhelmed by an urge to slam on brakes, turn my car around and confess. Surely she would see the logic, the difficulty of the situation. Would she understand? Be sympathetic? Help? Betray the law a second time?
Perhaps. But whether she would or would not, Brent’s life still hung in the balance, and this was not something upon which I dared take chances. I had, after all, agreed to be his partner.
Twenty minutes later I arrived home, dismayed to find an intimidating black car parked in my space. At first annoyed, I then spotted the early forties, suited man gazing up at my DIY hole-in-the-wall. From his shining shoes, to the slick hairstyle and “trendy” gold rimmed spectacles, I knew who this man must be; an insurance inspector.
Uh oh.
I pulled my car onto the curb and approached him, wondering what I intended on saying.
“…hole is roughly six foot in diameter, perhaps more. Edges of hole are ragged, suggesting a severe force from the interior of the house…”
I at first thought he was muttering to himself, which would not have been a great indicator of mental stability, but upon drawing nearer noticed a small recording device in his hand.
I hovered, waiting for him to acknowledge me.
“…my guess would be either an uncontrolled release of raw Spirit, or perhaps a kind of destructive Reality Manipulation of the wall. Further investigation is obviously recommended.”
He snapped off the recorder and turned to me, his lips parting to reveal teeth so artificially white they took on the appearance of porcelain.
“Oh! Hello there. Name’s Nick, Nick Watson. A pleasure.”
He stepped forward and shook my hand, applying the exact right amount of pressure as was suggested in the “Good Insurance Inspectors” handbook.
“Hi, Jet Clarence.”
“Oh no!” he declared loudly, “So you’re the young man everyone’s been talking about, huh?”
“I would guess so.”
“Well, well, well,” he shook his head, whistling and looking up at the damaged wall. “You sure did a number on that house, didn’t you, sailor?”
Of course if I admitted to destroying the wall insurance was not obliged to pay for a thing. Illegal magic. He had indicated he already knew, but my sneaking suspicion was that he was really looking for a signed and sealed confession.
In fact, I realised that everything on his part from the moment I had stepped out of the car had been an act. The words into the recorder making specific mention of raw Spirit, the greeting, the whistle; his own special little brand of magic.
“Gas leak,” I muttered, verbalising the first thought that came to mind.
“What?”
“I think it was a gas explosion.”
“Uh huh.” He squinted at me. “Tell me, Jet Clarence, how has your training been going?”
“Training?”
“You are Jet Clarence, are you not? Recently registered magic user?”
“Yes.”
“Then I assume you are going for training?”
“Yes.”
“Well, nothing to be ashamed of, Jet Clarence. Magical abilities can be difficult to come to terms with. Things happen, walls are damaged.”
“Gas explosion.”
He sighed. “Are you aware that I have been doing this job now for nine years?”
“No.”
“I have. And let me tell you something for nothing, I recognise raw Spirit damage when I see it.”
“A useful skill.”
“Are you also aware that not only does your house not have a gas line, but that not a single house in this neighbourhood does?”
I shrugged. When it came down to it I was not a fantastic liar.
“Right, well, thank you for your time Jet Clarence. I hope you will keep in mind that fraud is a fairly major offence.”
With that he turned and strode off into the street where debris from the wall still lay in plain view.
I sighed in defeat and headed for the house. I could have easily manipulated him and forced him to approve the claim, the idea was even appealing given his obnoxious attitude. But Linda’s face was still fresh in my mind. Never again.  
Immediately upon entering inside the warning buzz sounded in my head, more intense than it had ever been before. As I focused and tuned into it, the sensation became so potent as to feel like having an electrical current pass through my head.
My first thought was that my demon had remained, possibly hiding in a closet or under the bed.
“Jet? Is that you?” My mother’s voice from the kitchen, “Someone’s here to see you.”
I hesitated, having a good idea of who that someone might be, then headed for the kitchen.
Sure enough, seated at the kitchen table across from my mother was my grandmother, Fran. It had been perhaps a decade since I had visited with her on any real level, and she seemed not to have aged a single year. That’s not to say she looked young. On the contrary, the woman was now in her eighties and looked every year of it, despite the insistence on colouring her wispy hair coal black.
“Hello, Jet,” she said, smiling.
As could be expected, she was the centre of the detected presence, and now that I looked directly at her it felt as if an enormous, buzzing insect was sitting in the space between my ears.
“Hello, gran,” I responded, not sure if I should be running from the house in terror.
The old woman rose to her feet and shuffled towards me. The Enforcer uniform, probably custom made to fit such a tiny frame, looked utterly absurd on her fragile body. However, as with Sebastian, Selena’s past tense trainer, my dear grandmother’s bespectacled eyes virtually glowed with magical potential.
We embraced delicately and she smiled again.
“Such a big boy now,” she crooned, reaching up to pat my cheek, “And so handsome!”
“Thank you, gran.”
“Your mother told me you needed a little talk. Come sit with us and have some tea.”
I watched her shuffle back to her chair and sit, then looked across at my mother who was beaming at me with the brightest smile I had seen on her face.
For the briefest moment I was taken by a most peculiar sensation; vertigo without the threat of height. I paused, knowing that this was significant, that my Spirit was trying to communicate something up and above the buzzing, but before I had time to register another coherent thought…
Gran is here! Gran is here!
I was a child again, rejoicing in the knowledge that gran was here and that meant good food, good times, and lying under the table as the big people played dominoes.
It was my place of calm times a hundred. It was a feeling of euphoria so deep that a hundred painkillers could not come close.
I realised I was smiling; a broad, uncompromised smile that had probably not been on my face since I was pre-teenager.
Without giving the commands to my body, I floated over to the table and sat.
Gran smiled and poured a cup of tea, the pot’s lid rattling as her liver spotted hands shook.
“Sugar? Milk?”
I nodded. 
Slowly, deliberately, she added the milk and sugar, a process that seemed to take an age. The room was silent but for her sharply audible breathing.
Finally I took a sip of tea and my euphoria escalated. The mere taste of the liquid seemed to solidify my memories; triggering nostalgia so deep it occupied every corner of my consciousness.
“Your mum says you’ve finally come of age,” said gran, sitting back and crossing her hands on her lap.
“Yes,” I said eagerly.
“That’s lovely. We have so waited. A bit of a late bloomer, but late is better than never. Isn’t that right, Liza?”
“Oh absolutely,” my mother added cheerfully.
“And you’re going for training, is that right?” Gran continued.
“That’s right,” I said, desperate for more approval, “I’m learning so much.”
“How wonderful. Are you being a good boy? Being polite to your teacher?”
“Yes, gran.”
“Good boy.”
I sipped my tea again.
Suddenly, like the bursting of a small firework, my mind flashed. A thought was begging for my attention. Fluttering just beyond conscious thought, but pleading with me to recognise it…
I flinched. A gesture that gran noticed and watched with interest. “Are you feeling alright, Jet?”
“Yes gran,” I said, not wanting to ruin the family moment with my silly behaviour.
There was a second flash, louder and brighter, so fierce that my body jerked and tea sloshed from my cup.
I felt my brow furrow.
There was a nagging buzzing in my head. This meant something, but I could not recall what.
Something is wrong here.
The fluttering thought was urging me insistently, demanding attention. I attempted to push it away, but it resisted.
A third flash jolted my body as if I had stuck my finger in a plug socket. The tea cup flew from my grasp and smashed on the floor. Both hands went to my head and held tight.
Something is very wrong here!
“Are you sure you’re feeling alright, Jet? You seem a bit off.”
But the words were a million miles away.
The spell broke. Euphoria melted.
I sank in my chair and a shuddering breath escaped me.
“Excellent,” said gran, “Very good indeed. You are truly the son of my daughter, Jet. I have rarely seen better.”
“I told you so,” my mother said, “I told you so.”
“That flash you felt,” gran continued, “Was the result of your Spirit attempting to jolt you from a powerful spell, one from which you may not otherwise have been able to escape. Much like a paramedic uses a defibrillator on a heart. A desperation move, you might call it. If those fail you may well be lost forever.”
“Why did you do that?” I muttered wearily, my head still spinning.
“I do apologise, Jet. It was a necessary precaution.”
“Precaution?”
“What I’m about to tell you is very sensitive information. It would never do to have the wrong person hearing it.”
My mind settled and I propped myself back up in the chair, feeling more than a little indignant at the unprovoked attack. “What information?”
The old woman paused, looked at my mother and nodded. In response my mother stood, smiled nervously, and exited without another word.   
My grandmother stared, studying me with eyes so intense I could barely stand to meet them.
“You’re a Clarence,” she began, settling into the chair, “And as a Clarence you are born with great benefits. Do you recall handing over your application for training? Back at the Whisperer?”
My mind went back to the event. I recalled the mountain of paperwork that had taken hours to fill out, and Claudia presenting an acceptance letter later that same day. It would have taken longer just too efficiently process the forms and ensure they were correctly completed.
 “You had it pushed through.”
She nodded, a half-smile curling up the corners of her age-lined mouth. “Yes. And do you know why I pushed it through, Jet? Because we’re family, and that’s what family does for one another.”
She let the words sink in.
“How do you possibly have that kind of power?” I asked, genuinely curious.
“I don’t,” she responded, adopting the manner of an innocent accused of guilt, “But people I know do.”
“People you know?”
“The Clarence family is big. Not everyone in it need have the surname Clarence. Though, it does hold its privileges.” She paused to look at me meaningfully; an expression that gave her the appearance of a harmless old woman with nothing but best intentions. The effect may have been convincing were it for the persistent buzzing.
We were interrupted by the sound of the front door opening.
“Liza Clarence?”
It was the insurance inspector.
“In here,” gran called.
Footsteps approached, a head poked into the room. “I was looking for Liza Clarence,” he said, forcing a cheerful tone.
“You can speak to me.”
“Okay. Sure.”
With a few hesitant steps he approached and placed a sheet of paper on the table. “I’m afraid insurance will not cover the damages. My inspection has revealed irregularities with the claim.”
“Irregularities,” gran responded, regarding him evenly, “What irregularities might these be?”
“I’m afraid there is no question that the damage is the result of illegal magic.” His eyes darted in my direction. “We don’t cover damage of this nature.”
“Oh I see,” she muttered, “That is unfortunate. What if I asked you to reconsider?”
“Reconsider?” He frowned, unsure of how to respond. When he spoke again the words were slower and firmly pronounced; something a person does when addressing the semi-senile elderly. “No, I’m afraid you don’t understand. It says very clearly on the contract that we do not cover damage via illegal magical activity. In fact,” he paused and cleared his throat, “I will have to report this to the Department of Magic.”
“Yes of course you will.” Gran shifted her gaze and gave me a mischievous grin. Then, focusing her attention on the insurance inspector, her eyes narrowed. “Tell me, sir, when did you first start believing yourself to be a chicken?”
His first response was to chuckle in confusion. But a second later his grin gave way to dumbfounded disbelief.
“Are you going to answer a kind old lady,” she pressed, “or just stand there clucking like an idiot?”
Before my eyes, defying everything I imagined possible, the insurance inspector crouched, cocked out his knees, and proceeded with the most committed chicken impression I had ever seen. Going as far as to bob his head and make absolutely believable clucking noises, he began to strut around the room like a man possessed by the chicken spirits.
I gaped. The situation was so absolutely ridiculous that my mind almost denied accepting it as reality. My gran’s intention had been to make me laugh. But understanding the mechanics of what I knew must be happening, the moment was not so much funny as utterly world shattering. The implications were mind blowing.
“There’s a good chicken,” gran sang, watching with the fondness of a person seeing a dog do something terribly smart. “Can you crow for me?” The man threw back his head and let out a champion “cock-a-doodle-doo”. “Good boy. Look for worms, find yourself some lunch.” He scratched at the ground with one foot, his head twitching this way and that as if searching for a meal.
The longer the scene unfolded the more horrified I became. It was not just the blatant disregard for the poor man’s dignity, but the fact that my dear sweet grandmother clearly had not even the faintest hint of conscience.
“That’s enough,” I said firmly.
She gave me a sideways look, frowning in annoyance that I was not enjoying the display, then returned her focus to the insurance inspector.
“Stop,” she muttered. He obeyed. “You will complete the claim. There is nothing out of the ordinary here. Understand?” He nodded. “Good. Get out. Take your papers.” An expression of tortured confusion on his face, the man did as he was told. His footsteps receded, the front door closed behind him.
She looked at me, waiting for a reaction.
“Was that necessary?” I asked.
“Necessary? No. But the smug little shit deserved it.”
“He’s just doing his job.”
“Doing his job?” Her voice raised a notch. “I’ve never seen anyone that deserved a little slap in the face more in my life.”
“He was just doing what he’s paid to do. You had no right.”
At this her eyes widened. “Tell me, Jet, were you going to pay for the holes you shot in the house with your non-existent job?”
My eyes diverted and cheeks flushed. “No.”
“Then I just did you a favour. What are you complaining about? And, I might add, the reasons for your dismissal from The Whisperer raise serious questions about your own use of magic.”
I had no response.
“Exactly,” she declared, a note of finality in her voice, “And I would have expected you to do the same if you had any sense. That insurance company would have found any reason to not pay. They’re vultures and I feel no sympathy. Isn’t that right?”
I hesitated. “Sure.”
“Good.” She leaned forward and spoke with deliberation. “Now let me get to the point, Jet. There is a place for you in the family, there always has been. It’s time now for you to step up and claim that place. Make no mistake; there are people who would kill for the opportunity I am offering. We’re changing the world, Jet, doing amazing things. And we want you here with us, helping guide the wave of the future.”
Grand words indeed. And there was no denying it, words that intrigued me.
“I’m not sure what you’re asking me to do,” I responded carefully, “What exactly are we talking about here?”
“I’m talking about power, the power to make things happen. We’re everywhere, Jet; the people who the government have tried to shackle and keep in check; the people who have been ordered to not live to their full potential because that upsets some ridiculous notion of balance. It’s very simple; we’ve decided to say; “no, we will not be forced into submission. We will use what we have been given and make the best of it.” And let me tell you something, young man, when you have a network of the most powerful people on Earth at your back, very little can stand in your way.”
The room fell into silence as I let the thoughts roll around in my head. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity and I knew it.
“So what I’m asking you to do,” she continued, “is to start refusing to live like you’re average and just step up. Live to your full potential. You are better than the rest. Embrace it.” Her voice had lowered to a whisper, eyes locked on my face. “Come with me now. We’ll walk out of here together and I’ll teach you everything you need to know. Kiss your dull, pathetic life goodbye and be who you were meant to be. Come now, Jet, we can change the world together. How does that sound?”
Embrace it. It made perfect sense. Say goodbye to a life of scraping through with the bare minimum and enter into a world of power and significance. Be special. Be something more. Who could possibly say no?
There was a loud bang from the kitchen door and I jumped in fright. I looked up to find Clinton standing in the doorway, swaying unsteadily, face glistening with sweat.
“If you don’t mind, we’re having a conversation,” gran snapped at him.
He was either ignoring her, or by the looks of him, he simply didn’t register the words. I assumed that my previous assistance was wearing off and he was doing his best to maintain mental awareness. It was a losing battle.
One foot shifted in front of the other and he took a stumbling step forwards.
“I said; we’re busy,” gran barked.
“Jet,” the sound escaped him in a hiss, more a plea than a word. “Don’t let her in. That’s how it starts. Don’t let her in… it’s a trick…”
The second step buckled and he went flopping to the ground, his head bouncing sharply off the tiles. I jumped up and moved to assist.
“Liza,” gran called out in annoyance, “Will you get down here?! You’re letting this one slip, for goodness sake! Leave it, Jet, your mother will take care of it.”
I ignored her and crouched, rolling Clinton onto his back. A gash had opened above one eye.
“He might need a doctor,” I muttered, “This looks bad.”
Footsteps descended the stairs as my mother approached.
“Clinton?” I shook him gently. “Clinton, are you okay?”
His eyes fluttered, then opened groggily and fixed on the roof above my head.
“Are you okay?” I repeated.
He turned his head a fraction and let his eyes drift to my face. “Kill me.” The words were completely level. I suspected the knock on the skull had given him a temporary window of clarity. “Kill me, Jet. Please. Just kill me. I don’t want to be like this anymore.”
I stared, watching him form the words. A sensation began to take hold…
Déjà vu.
Something about this seemed very familiar…
“Liza! Will you get in here…?”
I had been here before, in a situation very similar to this. A person had been on the floor, the same as Clinton; arms sprawled and head turned to the side. Only, the floor had not been tiles, it had been a carpet.
A memory began to return, emerging through a thick, poisonous fog. It had a feeling of nostalgia and familiarity, like recognising an old friend’s face through a crowd. Only, this memory was not an old friend. It was something I had forgotten on purpose. Or had been made to forget…
My mother had been screaming. I could see her now, as if it had been just yesterday, younger and glowing with beauty. She was screaming… about something. What was it? What had made her so upset that she would be screaming in such a horrific, primal way, face contorted in anguish? Wait. Was it anguish? Because it seemed as though it might have been anger…
“Don’t make a fuss. It’s his fault drinking like that in the middle of the day,” Mother’s voice. I was aware she was hovering at my left shoulder.
“Well get him off the floor, Liza, for goodness sake!”
…and gran had been there…
I looked over my shoulder and there was gran; scowling with cold eyes…
…scowling with cold eyes… why isn’t gran doing anything to help…? Why is she just looking…? He needs help… he needs help…dad needs help…
“Jet…” the words came from Clinton’s mouth, but the voice was that of my father. “Jet… kill me. Please…”
The memory consumed me. I was eight, looking down as my father lay dying on the floor.
“…didn’t have to do that, mother! Now look at him!”
“If you kept him under control this would not be a problem.”
“You have no right to touch him!”
And gran was looking on with cold eyes as mother screamed.
“No right to touch him!”
There was a loud snap and my body jolted. Gran was standing over me, an index finger extended.
“I’m sorry Jet, but you were drifting,” she said.
I was mute, trying to register what had been witnessed in my own apparently fracturing mind.
The images, things I had always been in possession of and only now making themselves clearer, had been of a different nature than I recalled.
“Step aside, please,” gran was saying, “Clinton needs assistance.”
I did so, thoughts still swirling uneasily in my head. The puzzle pieces had not yet fallen completely into place.
My mother stepped in and crouched beside Clinton, his eyes still locked on me with pleading.
“Jet!” It was the last word he managed, then his gaze glassed over and body went limp.
“He’ll be okay now,” my mother said, “I’d better get this cut seen to.”
“You’re letting it slip again,” gran snorted, “Get your business in order, Liza.”
“My personal business is not your concern, Fran,” my mother spat back, “I can handle my own affairs.”
The words were vague; my mind was still grappling furiously with the memory. It seemed that somehow, no matter how hard I tried, the reality of the situation eluded me, as if…
…I had been put under a spell…
I had been put under a spell. And now, as I realised it, the spell shattered, having been in place for over a decade.
The scene was clear to me. Part of it.
“Why didn’t you help him?” The words escaped me in a whisper.
The room fell into silence. The two women turned to look at me, sensing the change in my mental posture.
“What, Jet? Speak up,” gran rumbled.
“Why didn’t you help him?” I repeated. Rage was igniting in my stomach.
There was a subtle exchanged glance, one I guessed to be shared confirmation I was free from the spell.
“Now, Jet,” gran began quickly, “Do not make hasty assumptions on things you do not understand.”
“Don’t understand? What don’t I understand?!” I was suddenly screaming the words. “You’ve had me under a spell for half my life!”
“And for your own good,” my mother said, “We’ve been protecting you!”
“Protecting me?” Energy was popping and shimmer into life around my body. My eyes turned to my grandmother. “Why didn’t you help him?! You just sat there and let him die!”
“You don’t understand the situation,” gran responded dryly. “Calm down!
“Make me understand!”
She hesitated.
The intensity of energy continued to grow around my body. The two women tensed in anticipation.
“Now look here,” said gran, words spoken to a growling dog. “Don’t do anything silly, young man. It is not wise to underestimate an old woman. It is unfortunate what happened to you father, but you are not seeing the whole picture.” She turned to my mother. “Isn’t that right, Liza?”
“Yes,” my mother agreed uneasily, “Very unfortunate.”
“Shouldn’t Jet see the whole picture before he gets upset?”
“Of course.”
Gran turned back to me. “There you have it.”
“Then show me the whole picture,” I said.
“The memories are locked away inside your own head, Jet. It would take time to unlock them.”
“There are more spells?”
“Oh yes.”
“Why did you tamper with my mind?”
“You were young, we both thought it for your best interest. There are some things a child should not have to deal with until later. The spells would have been removed when we believed you ready.” Again she prompted my mother for agreement with a glance.
“Yes, we thought it in your best interest,” mother agreed obediently.
“Then remove the spells.”
“I told you, it will take time.”
I paused, considering the situation. It was not clear what had been done to me, or the extent of it, but only one thing was certain; I did not trust my grandmother any more than I trusted my mother. I wanted to be away from both of them. For my own safety.
“I’m leaving,” I declared, stepping towards the door.
“Just a moment,” said gran quickly. I halted. “I can help with your little loan shark problem.”
My head snapped around. “How did you know about that?”
“An old woman has her ways.” The half-smile had returned to her age-lined mouth. “Those men are not to be toyed with. I recommend you see to the problem ASAP. Of course, should you have trouble locating the funds, you need only ask. You are family, after all.”
I considered it, but only for a second. It was good to know of a backup plan, but accepting money from the crone seemed about as unwise a decision as could be conceived.
I turned, gave poor unconscious Clinton one more glance, then left the house, vowing to never again return as a resident.

* * *

For the next hour I drove aimlessly, replaying the newly released memory in my head. Part of me was afraid that if I let it go it would fade away and once again be lost. This was not the case. Instead the more I focused the clearer the images became. Still the memory as a whole remained broken, disjointed and lacking a coherent narrative.
An illuminating light on the car’s dashboard drew attention. Having been well behaved, the old beast was finally screaming for fuel.
I pulled over, extracted the remains of my money from an ATM and put half straight into the tank. Quick calculations revealed I would be stone cold broke in about a week, assuming I ate like a prison inmate. And this thought brought to mind another concern, namely; where I would sleep.
A glance skyward confirmed that the sun was only just beginning its decent and I decided it was not uncalled for to stop for a cup of coffee before making decisions.
So it was back to The Holy Carousel. The third visit this week, and not comforting that I had started to consider the stool at the bar to be “my seat”.
The barman did not even pretend to like my face as he dumped a mug of black coffee on the counter. Since I had not so much as cleared my throat since entering, never mind hinted at ordering something, I considered it a second sign that my visits were becoming too frequent.
Nodding my gratitude, I took a sip of coffee and let out a shuddering breath. Regardless of how unprofessional the rest of the establishment was, there was no denying they had good coffee.
And now it was time for some serious thought.
There was something jarring about finding out you had been under a spell a large portion of your life. Kind of like finding out a gang of thieves had been living in your garden, going completely undetected despite having a club house and team flag. The good news was that I now knew more spells were present. It was a matter of finding them.
I glanced around, confirming I was alone, and allowed myself a moment to delve inward.
Systematically I attempted to recall events of my youth and inspected them, looking for signs of artificiality or lack of continuity. There was no way to know if this was the correct method to detect spells, but it seemed logical enough and I had few other options.
I recalled a summer day by the pool, my father cooking hamburgers on a carefully nurtured outdoor fire, as my mother and I splashed in the pool. He was always very proud of his fires, my father, something which I would often laugh about. Sometimes he would spend hours just arranging wood and coals, lecturing on the importance of selecting dry wood and kindling…
I recalled an afternoon spent helping my mother trim the grass in the backyard. Always, when the sun was especially hot, she would proudly wear her ancient straw hat. The silly thing was practically falling apart and looked ridiculous. My father repeated numerous times that she should simply buy a new one. But she just laughed and said “I’ll get a new one when it’s time. This old girl still has years in her yet…”
Shortly after that experience in the backyard my father would be dead.
I attempted to remember the exact days that led up to his death and it was not long before something became very clear; memories surrounding the day had become a fragmented mess. 
Yes, the recent revelations had made clear certain aspects of the moment, but this now sat in contrast to other established events of my youth. It was like having a magnifying glass on one inch of a map and realising that the rest of the page was out of focus. 
With a sinking pit in my stomach I had an unsettling epiphany; I could not trust a single event of my childhood. There was no guarantee that any of it was real or as I remembered…
It was as if an enormous eraser had suddenly swept over my past and obscured it, blurring and mangling what I had long considered to be the most blissful times of my life.
What was real? What was not real? Who in God’s name was I? Who am I if not me?
Tendrils of panic began to creep and claw into my mind, a delayed reaction to multiple events from the past few days. It was all building up, breaking free and now trickling out. I was gazing into a massive, all-consuming abyss that could only be identified as lurking insanity; a new friend, late to the party, but arriving in impressive style.
Who am I if not me…?
But no, losing control was not something I could risk, especially not now. I resisted, pushed it all aside and reached out desperately for my place of calm.
The anxiety melted and stability returned, even as I acknowledged that the treasured memory upon which my place of calm was based might well be false.
It passed and I breathed a sigh. Then, with a quick gesture, drew the attention of the bartender, tearing his attention away from the TV.
“Wha yoo whuh?”
I nodded towards the kettle and he sneered in response, annoyed at being forced to move on a weekday.
Desperate to distract myself, I turned my thoughts to more pressing matters.
Where would I sleep?
Options were not numerous, but by the time my second cup of coffee arrived I had decided to ask Benny for lodging. Selena had indeed crossed my mind, God knows she probably had rooms to spare, but the idea was both appealing and utterly stupid at the same time.
“You got a phone?” I asked the bartender.
 He stared at me, his good eye widening in a horror like I had just asked to sleep with his wife, then jerked a thumb at the phone.
“Thank you.”
“Yoo whul-cum.”
I approached the phone, wondering how Benny would respond to such a request.
He answered after the second ring.
“Benny Kingston.”
“Hey Benny, its Jet.”
“Ah, Jet.” He adopted the cheerfulness of a lifelong friend. “You’re right on time, buddy.”
“What?”
“The guest bedroom is made up, I’ll see you tonight. We’re still on for Jack’s Panic, right?”
I stammered in shock, still managing to be caught by surprise at his psychic level of prediction, “Right.”
“Good. Don’t expect me to cook, I can’t. Upside is I have a housekeeper who is pretty hot, if you lean towards mature ladies. Play your cards right and you might get lucky.”
“Good to hear.” I paused. “How did you…?”
“Know?” He chuckled, “Logical Prediction. It’s not that that hard, Jet. You really are slow sometimes. Look, observe, and the threads of life are pretty obvious…”
“You predicted I’d be moving out of my mother’s house based on…?”
“Based on the hole in the wall, and based on the fact it seemed the next logical event. Kind of like a movie script.”
I thought about this. “Sure, I guess.”
“You won’t blow a hole in my wall will you?”
“I’ll try not too.”
“That’s all I ask. I’ll see you later. Feel free to raid the fridge.”
“Thanks.”
I hung up, finished my coffee, and headed off to the residence of Benny Kingston.

* * *

A short drive to the outskirts of town brought me to a five-storey, firmly middleclass apartment block. Located near enough to the city for quick access to shops, but not so near as to be drowning in noise and pollution, I liked the place before taking a step inside.
Benny’s apartment was on a corner of the fifth floor, looking out onto the street.
My first impression was that the place was remarkably well arranged for a bachelor pad, with classy décor and well placed artistic touches in every room. Framed prints, cleverly positioned lamps and even a few healthy pot plants; it all had the feel of professionalism and thoughtful care.
See the magic just below the surface.
I had almost pegged Benny as an enthusiast interior decorator, but it soon became evident that the place had recently been shared by a feminine presence, now gone. Sadly the lady’s efforts were slowly being dismantled with her absence. The living room had once been expertly arranged to draw attention to a pleasant coffee table. Now, the chairs had recklessly been shifted out of position, presumably for a better view of the TV. And after a bit of poking around I found what I assumed to have once been a kitchen of considerable presentation. But alas, it was now falling victim to neglect in the form of piled dishes and dirty countertops. The aforementioned mature cleaning lady had obviously not been in that day.
I realised I was painfully hungry and decided to take up the fridge raiding offer. Not too surprisingly, there was little in the way of healthy meals, not that I would’ve had any idea how to cook a healthy meal. I settled for a sandwich, then found the spare bedroom and declared it my own. All in all an upgrade from my previous living arrangements.
I took the bottle of painkillers from my pocket and placed them on the bedside table. It was only with vague awareness I realised the amount of relief at having them along for the ride. At least I could be certain of a few peaceful nights’ sleep.
It was a few hours till Benny would return and figured it was a good time to prepare for the showdown with my demon. How I was supposed to go about this was anyone’s guess.
Regardless, I sat cross legged on my freshly made up bed and did my best.
Be the mirror that is your demon’s bane.
Great words, very profound sounding - What this meant was a mystery.
There is something about your father’s death that you are not accepting, or choosing not to accept.
The whole memory was now a complete mess, accepting it was the least of my worries. Getting it straight seemed more pressing.
I took a deep breath, found my place of calm and called up the day in question. There was confusion in my mind’s eye at first, as if internal television channels were receiving mixed signals. A bad sign; after effect of the recently dispelled barrier.
Then once again I was presented with the image of grandmother’s expressionless face. She was watching.
To my left, my mother was crouched by a motionless body, her mouth moving, but forming no words. 
What were those words again? What had she said, kneeling there by my father? I had remembered some of them earlier, but now even those were lost to me.
Too long ago, how could I possibly hope to remember specific words?
 No. Bullshit. I knew. And not only was I sure I knew, I became certain that the words were of significance. This was what Selena had been talking about. I needed to know…
Focus increased, my mother’s face fell into finer clarity. What had once been an expression of anguish and loss had now changed, becoming instead an expression of anger. The picture had evolved; shifting towards reality.
Her mouth moved, lips created words, tongue sounded out the letters. What was she saying?
I moved closer, straining my eyes to lip read the dialogue…
“You didn’t have to do that, mother! Now look at him!”
Something gave way as if a mute button had been depressed. The words were loud and clear.
“If you kept him under control this would not be a problem,” gran replied. 
“You have no right to touch him,” my mother snapped. She turned and threw a venomous look over her shoulder, receiving nothing but a scowl from gran in return.
“You let him slip,” gran barked, “That’s putting everyone at risk. You know the rules, Liza. You got lazy, this is what happens.”
“Nonsense! Absolute nonsense! He was no harm to anyone and you know it!”
“For goodness sake, stop acting like it’s the end of the world.”
“Mommy…” This word had come from me; a mewling whimper from the lips of an eight year old.
The two faces turned towards me, as if just realising I was in the room.
“What is it, Jet?” my mother asked.
“What’s wrong with dad?”
“He’s dead.”
I stared. Or rather, the eight year old version of me stared.
I had understood the word perfectly well, but for some reason the meaning did not sink home. “Dead?”
“Yes.” My mother regarded me with unsympathetic eyes.
“Oh.”
There was another long pause. Then, with considerably more dexterity than she was presently capable, gran stood and walked towards me.
“You’re playing with fire,” she growled under her breath. One hand reached towards me….
I opened my eyes.
CLUNK. The puzzle piece fell into place.
How, for the life of me, could I have overlooked that? My father had been a slave. It was the most obvious thing in the world. I guess in my defence, it had taken a full grasp of recent events and revelations. The puzzle piece had been sitting precariously, just waiting to fall at the right moment.
And now, with just a few moments of reflection, the picture was starting to become clearer.
My father had been a mental slave.
Worse, it seemed my father had been a mental slave with about as much value to my dear mother as a goldfish.
You know the rules…
The rules? Of course, there had to be rules. No sitting on the couch, no messing on the carpet, no humping the guest’s legs.
Oh no. No… no… no…
A barrage of memories flashed before my eyes; snippets of my youth that had been held with such affectionate regard.
Going to the beach on holiday, my father driving, old fashioned sunglasses perched on his face and a smear of sunscreen across his nose.
Awaking early for my first day of school, my father waiting with a sympathetic smile and bowl of sugary cereal.
Evenings spent watching TV, my father laughing heartily at the 8pm sitcom, my mother and me laughing more at him than the actual TV show.
“It’s okay, Jet. Just tell me what happened.”
I shuffled my feet, unable to meet his eyes.
“The ball,” I muttered sheepishly.
“You were playing with it inside, huh?”
“‘Yes…”
Oh God. Who am I if not me?
My father, the man who had raised me for eight years of my life, the man who had been obsessed with making the perfect fire, the man who had laughed too hard at cheesy sitcoms, had been nothing more than an obedient, mindless lapdog.
None if it had been real. None of it had been genuine. My childhood was a lie.
Without warning the abyss yawned again; hungry and inviting. Insanity. My hold on reality was becoming ever more tenuous. I was starting to slip. Who was I? Who was I, if not the man raised by mother and father? Who am I if not me?
I was shaking like a leaf, my entire body rippling with vibrations.
Rattle, rattle, rattle…
That was the door. There was something rattling the handle, no prizes for guessing what.
Rattle, rattle, rattle, rattle!
Now my breathing was rasping through my teeth, vision starting to contract down into a tunnel. I was slipping ever deeper; sinking, sliding down into the darkness like an all-consuming body of water.
Who am I if not me?
Get a grip, get a grip. Keep it together, find a safe place, ground yourself.
Grasping frantically, I reached out for my place of calm, only to find it fluttering and darting about, rocking on the rapids of a suddenly restless sea. 
Rattle, rattle, rattle! Thump, thump, thump!
The door was shaking on its hinges, as if a balled fist were smashing against the exterior.
Keep it together, keep it together…
With a last frantic effort I drew in a deep breath, summoning every ounce of my will and attempted to push back the abyss.
Push it back. Push it back, hold it off, put it out and give it no attention. Feed it no spirit. Don’t allow it access.
Slowly, gradually, like attempting to lift an impossible weight with my shoulders; I fought against the abyss.
The memories retreated and faded into obscurity, pressure eased and the abyss shrank back into the nothingness from where it had originated.
Then, without fully understanding what I was doing, I chose to forget. The information was not struck from my mind forever, but disconnected. It was my first self-inflicted spell. And not the last I would perform in coming years.
Success.
A wave of calm descended over me.
Tentatively the anxiety drained away. The weight lifted from my shoulders, dissolved and vanished.
Rattle… rattle…
The door gave two final shakes and went still.
My breathing began to slow and regain its normal patterns, ushering in the sweetest relief I had ever felt. I took a moment, relishing the cool sweat that dripped from my chin.
A resounding victory; control maintained where it may have previously been impossible. The abyss stared down, dominated and contained.
Despite myself, I managed a smile, invigorated by my achievement.
Sure I was aware that the solution was temporary at best, a sort of DIY-duct-tape fix.  Something like building up a sandbank to ward off an encroaching flood. But it was the best of which I was capable without Selena’s assistance. I was resisting an inevitable climax.
And that concluded the mental preparation part of my demon showdown.
However there was one other thing I wanted to practice before the big day. And it involved making things go boom. My unforgivable miss and unintentional remodelling of a house had not slipped my mind.
I stood, left my new room and stepped out onto the balcony; an area that now served as home to a few bushy pot plants. It was not what I would have called a perfect arena to practice destructive abilities. But really, lack of options forced innovation.
I was aware that shooting off raw Spirit was illegal, dangerous, and led to insurance fraud. And yes, I was also aware that Selena had made no mention that having the ability practiced was necessary. After all, it was not my demon’s intention to kill me, only to feed on my Spirit. But after witnessing Sebastian the mentor mauled to death, my going into the showdown completely “unarmed” seemed foolish.
I glanced over the steel railing and spotted a handful of pedestrians far below, going about their daily business. It seemed high enough that my spells would go undetected, and with only a pinch of trepidation I drew up my Spirit. The first time I would be doing so intentionally.
Reacting to the mere thought I demanded its presence my Spirit rose to the occasion. My skin tingled, body sang with invisible vibrations, and then raw energy was crackling into life across arms and chest.
Easy enough. But now; some advanced techniques.
I focused on my left hand. As expected the energy responded, flowing like a living liquid to the indicated location. Experimentation revealed that the same process worked for any part of my body; leg, arm, foot and even a single finger. And furthermore, I found that the concentration of energy could be increased, allowing for a virtual nova of Spirit to be gathered on a fingertip. There is no need to point out the sobering emotions that come with having the equivalent of a small bomb’s worth of energy sitting on your fingertip.
After an hour of rolling the energy from hand to hand and playing with its intensity I felt confident enough to move on; eager to try turning raw energy into projectile.
I chose a section of empty sky as target, allowing for a major margin of error, and gathered an orb of energy in the space directly in front of my eyes.
I played a little, finding that the orb could be expanded, contracted, and concentrated. Interestingly it became clear that size did not correspond to power. It was possible to create an orb the size of a pea that represented nearly half my complete reserve of Spirit.
I reduced the concentration of the orb and let it loose at a cloud. It sang off, emanating a pleasant electric shushing sound, and petered out after about one hundred and fifty meters.
I had just gathered up my second test orb when I heard the front door open behind me. I turned to see Benny entering. He grinned, tossed his car keys onto the living room table and approached.
“Hello, Jet,” he said, his voice tinged with a mocking note of reprimand, “Shooting off illegal magic, I see.”
“Trying to get the hang of this raw energy bolt thing,” I replied, “Not my strong point at the moment.”
“Ah, well. It comes with practice.”
He stepped out onto the balcony beside me and gazed down, searching the street.
“See that.”
“What?”
He pointed. “There.”
I followed his line of sight but spotted a down-on-his-luck man across the street, standing with back against a wall, “The homeless guy?”
“That’s it.”
 Benny was taking aim, closing one eye and lining up extended finger with the target. Spirit popped into life on his fingertip. “Watch this.”
I hesitated, wondering if I should intervene. Could a hit at this distance kill a man? Injure him? It must have been easily two hundred meters. But regardless if it killed or injured, using the homeless as target practice seemed extreme.
“Benny…”
“Hush. Watch.”
He deliberated, took a deep breath and let loose the sizzling bolt. I followed it with my eyes, watching the shimmering speck as it sailed down into the street. At about half the distance I lost track and watched the man, waiting for impact.
It took two more seconds before the bolt struck, exploding a Styrofoam cup held in the man’s left hand. Coffee sprayed, the poor fool jumped in fright.
“Impressed?” Benny asked, turning to me with a gaudy smile. 
“Yes,” I replied, uncertain of how such a thing was possible. The cup had been a target so small it was barely even visible. “How?”
“You’re still thinking like a novice, Jet. Let your energy know where you want it to go, then just release. Now, get ready, we’ve got a poker game to attend.”

* * *

Jack’s Panic was located smack in the middle of town, residing in the type of neighbourhood that seemed always populated by an endless stream of pedestrians.
As we approached, having had to park two blocks away, forests of fluorescent lights blinked into life around us, a ritual that ushered in an anticipation pregnant night time.
“Just up ahead,” Benny told me.
We weaved through a throng of loiterers and entered the front doors, greeted by thumping music and the buzz of murmured conversations that were the anthem of city nightlife.
Cleverly, I noted, the place doubled as a gambling den/strip joint, offering those who had recently lost their life savings an erotic distraction by which to accept bankruptcy. The gambling portion of the establishment was accessed via a low archway, guarded and regulated by two enormous suit wearing men.
“Just a minute,” Benny said into my ear, raising his voice above the music, “Step aside for a moment.”
He led me across the dimly lit main area towards the bar, skirting a catwalk on which two bleached-blonde women imitated drunken belly-dancing.
“Two beers,” he said to the barman, then turned to me with a sombre expression. “Here, this is what we’ve got to work with.”
A small roll of cash was pushed into my palm, maybe a few hundred. I made a vain attempt to detect if it was authentic before shoving it into a pocket.
“Is it real?” I asked, keeping my voice down.
He scowled in response. “Never try pass-off fake cash in a place like this, buddy. The consequences are often a lot worse than being turned in to an Enforcer.” He took a moment to ogle one of the dancers and continued in a conspiratorial whisper. “Just make one big score then we’re out. Okay?” I nodded. “Good. The two bouncers are professional Spotters; they prevent any magic users getting in.”
“Okay. What’s the plan?”
“Well in all honesty this will be the least professionally planned event of the evening.”
The bartender delivered the two beers. Benny took a swig and glanced casually around at the other patrons.
“Define unprofessionally,” I muttered. 
“Drink up your beer.”
“I prefer coffee.”
“This is a bar, Jet.”
I opened my mouth to respond, but was cut short as he covertly raised an index finger and pointed it under the other arm. A tiny bolt shot off and clipped the high heel of a dancer. She stumbled, almost regained balance with a pin-wheeling of both arms, then toppled from the stage and crashed onto a table. Two bottles were sent smashing to the floor and one unfortunate man fell sprawling onto his back. This dramatic improvisation of traditional stripping drew a roar of horrified gasps from onlookers. Chaos ensued as people rushed to assist her.
I gaped at Benny and judged, mostly by the grimace on his face, that it had not entirely been the desired effect.
“This is your plan?” I growled.
“Just wait, roll with it,” he muttered back.
After a few seconds of fumbling, yowls of pain and one horny patron using the distraction to grope a waitress, the bouncers moved in to restore order. Taking the cue, Benny grasped my sleeve and pulled me towards the restricted area.
We slipped through the doors and were assaulted by a fog of cigarette smoke. Around us stood half a dozen gambling tables. We approached one with two empty seats.
“About time,” the dealer said, regarding us with an impatient frown, “You’re nearly half an hour late.”
“My apologies,” Benny replied brightly, “We were caught up in an incident with a stripper.”
I took my seat, located at a corner of the table, while Benny occupied his two spaces up.
The cash was swapped out for chips and, as the cards were dealt, I took a moment to steal a look at my five victims, Benny excluded. My initial reaction was that pickings would be easy. None looked especially threatening. In fact, I would go as far as to say they looked like the proverbial “fish in a barrel”. Two were already drunk enough to be lazy eyed. One, a moustached man in his mid-forties, looked ready to either burst into tears or alternatively commit suicide. Another, sitting directly across from me, was a young man who ruined any credibility created by his mirrored sunglasses with the unconvincing “tough” act he was trying hard to do professionally. And finally there was the player to Benny’s right; a wide eyed, blotchy faced teenager who appeared to be in the throes of a serious hangover.
All in all my confidence was high.
The proceedings got going and we played a few hands, conversation being kept to a bare minimum. After round four and feeling comfortable with the basic flow of events, I decided to get busy with business.
Step one: create a betting friendly environment.
This was the easy part and I didn’t hesitate, allowing my mind first to be populated with friendly energy, then pushing it out with my Spirit.
 The effect was not instantaneous, but after another round the general mood began to swing toward the positive. The dealer, who had maintained a fairly dedicated scowl up till then, dealt the fifth hand with marked enthusiasm, declaring each card with a hearty; “and there’s one for you”. The players responded to this with chuckles.
I looked at my hand and was pleased to see a pair of queens, even more so when the pair became a triple.
Step two; build up a big pot.
This went easier than I had anticipated, with almost everyone calling my bold bet of fifty. Only the moustached man folded, and even this he did with a shrug and cheerful apology to the table. Proof positive that step one had been a success.
And now the final step. It was time to thin the crowd. 
I bumped up the bet, pushing a hundred into the table’s centre and, aiming to hold the positive mood, accompanied the action with an attitude of friendly daring. As intended the reaction was good natured mutters and gasps. 
Two more folded, including Benny, but the two who remained created a pot that was equal to my entire reserve of chips. The mood of the table was now interested enjoyment, with everyone focused on events and participating in the feelings of jovial game playing.
Now since my actual invasion of a mind took a break of flow in events, I was limited to a single person. And if I wanted to not raise suspicion it required also that I choose my moment carefully. I had decided beforehand on a sneaky solution.
I chose a remaining player, the hung-over teenager, and focused on him, clear for all to see. Then with a playful grin I studied his face like a clichéd psychic, making a show of “reading his mind”.
“What you got there, junior?” I said, drawing chuckles from the others. He shook his head in response, glowing brightly at being the centre of attention. I now made the commitment and slipped into his mind, passing it off as an extension of the joke. His hand, unfortunately for junior, was a high pair.
I pushed up the bet now for the last time, and again was met with enthusiasm. Junior called and the other folded. An easy win. The cards were laid down and to a barrage of hoots and laughter.
The winnings were pushed over to my section of the table and as I went about stacking the chips into little towers, Benny caught my eye and gave a covert nod of approval. The whole process had been not only easy, but enjoyable.
Five more hands were played in which I purposefully let go of a hundred, being sure not to even participate beyond the first round of betting. The mood of enjoyment proceeded throughout, requiring no further tweaking from myself. In fact the only real drawback was that the players gradually became too loud and boisterous, drawing annoyed glances from the other tables.
Soon after Benny cashed out, having done nothing more than lose and make a bit of small talk. I took it as a sign we were done and followed suit, sensing that enough time had passed for my big win to be forgotten. I shook hands, got a few pats on the back, and by the time I left felt as though I was honestly leaving the table in much higher spirits than most of the men had experienced in some time.
I stepped past the bouncers back into the bar and found Benny waiting, his grin at full Cheshire-Cat level.
“Expertly done,” he said proudly, “If this wasn’t all to save the ass of my brother we’d be on the way to retirement.”

CHAPTER 15

Later in the apartment living room I watched Benny as he sat counting the money with methodical technique. 
The artificial good nature had been left in Jack’s Panic and upon returning an atmosphere of sombre reality set in around me. It was not so much that I felt guilty for stealing the money as I felt strangely tainted for misleading the players, a sensation similar to the guilt associated with peeping in on a woman as she changed. A sort of personal dislike for actions performed.
It was true that the manipulation did not sit anywhere near what I had done to Claudia, but still a pang of guilt lingered. 
“Never again.” I had boldly declared.
I attempted to push the guilt aside, telling myself that I had had very little choice. It had needed to be done and I did it. Circumstance negated moral obligation. That sounded logical, but Linda’s face swam back into my mind.
 “How are we looking?” I asked Benny.
“Looks to be just over five hundred,” he replied, placing the bank notes into piles.
I attempted to detect any feelings of guilt on his part and found none. In fact, if anything the way his fingers expertly handled the money spoke of triumph. 
“I’m feeling pretty shitty about this,” I said.
He glanced up, but his hands never stopped working. “I know, Jet. It’s a dirty thing we just did, there’s no denying it. But they all would have likely lost this money tonight regardless. It just happened to be to us.”
“Or they might have won this money. But lost it to us because we cheated.”
“When you walk into a place like that you’re announcing that you are ready to lose money. If you want to hang on to your money, don’t venture into such places. It’s as easy as that. We just capitalised on a situation those men had all willingly put themselves into.”
“That’s flimsy justification and you know it.”
“Justification? It’s just the world we live in,’ he said sharply, “And I happened to come out on top today. I’m not forcing you to do this. You agreed of your own free will.”
“Brent’s life.” 
“Yes, Brent’s life.” He sighed. “I don’t know what to tell you, Jet. I’m sorry you’re in this position. We both are. It’s done. Let’s just be grateful it went so smoothly. You did good back there and it’s for a good cause.”
The room fell back into silence and I stood, wondered over to the balcony and gazed off over the city, hoping to find solace in the calming view.
A strange thing occurred then. For the briefest of moments I caught a glimpse of my own reflection in the window, a mirrored effect created by the interior light contrasted by exterior darkness. The sight triggered a cold reality to roll in, brought on by mental denial finally collapsing. I would be facing my demon tomorrow morning.
The bottom dropped out of my stomach and all at once, I had never felt quite so lonely. 
An overwhelming need gripped me. I wanted to call my mother; to hear her voice and have her tell me it was okay. My initial reaction was that the remnants of a spell were still holding tight, urging me to return to the woman who had manipulated my mind in countless ways. But upon honest reflection, I admitted that I just missed the woman who had raised me.
“I’m facing my demon tomorrow,” I said without turning.
Behind me the sounds of crinkling bank notes finally ceased.
“What?” There was a note of genuine concern in his voice. “Tomorrow?”
“Yes.”
“Damn it, Jet, that’s huge. Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Not sure. Didn’t think it was relevant.”
“You didn’t think it was relevant?” He put down the money and leaned back, an action I watched via its reflection in the window. “Forgive me for saying so, but you may not be grasping the magnitude of this event.”
“No I grasp it. Trust me.”
He paused and thought, then continued in a tone that was alarmingly strange. Strange for Benny, at least, and at first I couldn’t place my finger on the source of this peculiarity.
“I first learned about my own demon,” he began, “around about the time I turned twenty-three. I didn’t know back then the first thing about demons and magic, but what I did know was that a little girl seemed to be living in my closet. One day, as I dressed for work, I opened the cupboard door and found her looking back at me, all smiles and girly giggles. My initial reaction was to ignore her. Strange, I know, but it just seemed to be the right thing to do in a way I can’t really explain. I just pretended she wasn’t there. And furthermore part of me didn’t even believe she was there.”
His voice trailed off and I turned to find him staring blankly out the window. It dawned on me that he was dropping a carefully constructed façade for perhaps the first time. I was getting a glimpse at the man beneath.
“What happened then?” I prompted.
“She was always around,” he continued, “I would catch glimpses of her; peeping round the corner, sneaking past a doorway, sometimes even hiding under the bed. But still, I continued to be blissfully unaware, as though I had been forbidden to acknowledge the creature that was actively haunting me. Of course, she didn’t much appreciate being ignored. You’ve probably noticed the same from your demon?” He glanced at me and I nodded. “Well she didn’t enjoy it much either. First the little rapping noises from the bathroom. Later the rattling plates and swinging cupboard doors in the kitchen. Then at last the flickering lights and thumping in the ceiling.”
“They do love their ceilings,” I commented, more to let him know I was listening.
“The last straw was the giggling. You would hear it at the strangest times. In the bathroom, taking a shit, there was the giggling, as if she was just out of sight behind the shower curtain.” He stopped again, engrossed by the memories. “And it was about that time that Julia started to go postal. Longer than you’d think really, but I guess she was sort of committed to ignoring it in her own special way.”
“Julia?”
“My wife.”
“Right.”
I tried to envision the sort of woman who could have possibly endured the level of haunting Benny described. But then, as I remembered my previous observations about his apartment, I realised she had not endured it.
“I guess when she moved out, it sort of made the whole thing suddenly… real. You know? It just kind of came together in my head like some kind of insane puzzle. I nearly lost it then, Jet, I will not lie to you, I just about went completely bonkers. But I didn’t. Instead, I went for testing, then training. It saved my life in more ways than I care to explain.”
“What happened?”
He looked over at me and grinned, regaining a brief spark of his previous charismatic nature. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
“Try me.”
“Turns out, when I was seven I had a little crush on a girl named Bethany Clarkson. She gave me the cold shoulder and apparently that screwed me up in ways so deep it never left me.”
My eyebrows rose. “You’re shitting me.”
“I shit you not.”
“That’s your demon?”
He nodded. “That’s my demon. Well, there’s more to it than that. A string of failed relationships in high school, another string of them in college and, of course, the fact that each and every one of them failed because of my inability to feel secure.”
I reeled, stunned at a level of brutal honesty I never believed possible from a person like Benny. 
As was his intention, I found myself reassured. His demon seemed rather trivial in comparison to my own deeply rooted issues, but part of me also acknowledged he was making light of a more significant series of events.
“Thanks,” I said.
“For what?”
“Telling me.”
“Sure. No problem.”
“Do you have any tips?”
“Tips?”
I shrugged, “For facing my demon, anything that might increase my chances of success?”
“It’s sort of personal for everyone, Jet. But if there is one thing you should keep in mind, be honest with yourself.”
“So Selena keeps telling me.”
The mention of her name made him frown. “Right, Selena.”
“Still worried about her?”
“Of course. Of course. Just…keep your eyes and ears open. Okay?”
“I will. What was she like? Before? You knew her when she was still an Enforcer, right?”
He paused and eyes glazed with memories. “She was the most anal Enforcer you could ever possibly hope to meet. Everyone else developed a sort of natural understanding of the job, realising that there was a grey area in the established laws. I mean, who in their right mind would prosecute a destitute old man for getting an artificial discount on his eggs, you know? Selena would. She never let one violation, no matter how small or conflicted, slip through the cracks. It was like she thought taking one step outside the established laws would somehow make her…”
“Less perfect.”
“Right, less perfect. I do remember one odd thing though. She had this poster in her office, completely out of place. A ballet dancer. This big, shiny poster of a ballet dancer.”
I nodded. The same poster from her dorm room, the same image of the glass statuette in the waiting room. Poor Selena; she worshiped her demon. Even if she wasn’t aware of it. 
We lapsed into silence. Benny continued to gaze out the window over my shoulder. 
“So where is she?” I asked softly.
“Who?”
“Julia. Your wife.”
For an agonising moment he hesitated. 
Somehow I knew the answer before he said it, but hoped with every fibre of my body I was wrong.
“She’s dead now.”
But I was right.  I wasn’t going to ask how and at that moment preferred not to know.
Again, we fell into silence.
“But hey, you’ll do fine!” He was suddenly back to his old self; loud and cheerful. 
“Right. Sure. Well, I guess I better go get some sleep.”
“Yes. Probably.”
I turned and headed for my room.
“Hey, Jet?”
“Yes?”
“Good luck, Buddy.” Pause. “I’ll set up another poker game.”
“Okay.”
“I want to get Brent out alive. You know?”
“I know.”
With that, I headed to bed.
As I lay down and my head hit the pillow I felt my hand reach for the painkillers. There was no more need for justification as I fed two into my mouth. Half an hour later, with my expected euphoria seeming less than usual, I took two more, secretly hoping I could sleep forever.

* * *

When morning came my stomach had set itself into a permanent knot. Outside the persistent buzz of the city was my personal alarm clock.
I stood, drew open the curtains and allowed the sunlight to warm my body. It was an action I’d probably not done since I was a pre-teen.
Before me the street was alive with pulsing activity.
By the time I headed for the kitchen Benny had departed. I made coffee, drank it in silence, and prayed that the phone would ring; that someone, anyone, would call and wish me good luck. 
It was a ridiculous desire of course, since not a soul knew where I was. Regardless, I glanced at the phone with longing.
Twenty minutes later I left to meet my fate.
The journey was lost in hazy obscurity, a trip down familiar roads that felt surreal. Upon arriving outside the now familiar gate, it was much like I had simply teleported to my destination.
I pulled my car into the parking spot, climbed out, and spotted Jenny waiting on the steps. Before proceeding I took a moment; standing in the sunlight and closing my eyes to once again feel the warmth on my face.
“When I feel this sunlight again,” I told myself, letting out a deep breath, “I will have banished my demon.”
I got no response but the musical twittering of nearby birds and decided to accept the sweet sound as a good omen.
The event could be put off no longer and I approached Jenny.
“Mister Clarence.”
“Hello Jenny.”
I expected her to turn and lead me inside, but she held her ground, regarding me from the top step. “There is something I must ask, Mister Clarence. It is a formality, but something I have learned to take very seriously.”
“Yes?”
“Did you fill out your application forms in their entirety?”
I thought back to the mountain of paper handed to me by Claudia. “I believe so.”
“In case of an unforeseen mishap,” she continued, not succeeding in holding eye contact, “whom would you prefer I contacted?”
It was the worst possible time I could have been asked that question. I had no answer. Would my mother care if I were injured or killed? Would she care as a mother? Perhaps. Perhaps not. One thing was sure though; Benny would care. And so would Brent.
“I would like you to tell Benny Kingston,” I answered at last, “His name is not on my application form, but I believe Selena will know how to contact him.”
“As you wish, Mister Clarence.”
We entered and proceeded to the main hall. Jenny gave me a final nod, “I wish you the best,” and exited.
Inside, as before, the couch and seat had been shifted to the back of the hall. And, as before, Selena stood waiting. Only this time she had traded in her formal business-wear for loose fitting jeans and a t-shirt, hair tied back in a hasty ponytail.
“Good morning, Jet.”
“Hello, Selena.”
“Please, approach.”
I did so, my stomach tying into an ever tighter knot with each echoing footstep.
“I’m nervous,” I declared as I took a position beside her, “I don’t think I’m ready. Maybe we should put it off till later…”
“There is no later, Jet. It is now. I do not think either of us will be happy to take responsibility should there be another incident. It is very likely someone may be injured.”
It was the truth and I knew it.
Only then did I realise I was trembling. Shaking so badly you might believe us in below zero temperatures. Despite everything, I managed to feel ashamed to be in such a state before Selena’s own solid steel composure. My eyes fell to floor.
“Jet Clarence.” She turned to me, lifting my face with an index finger under the chin.
I looked at her and my breath caught in my throat. She was smiling. An expression so genuine I reconsidered my stance on the word “love”. In that moment she was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.
“You can do this,” she said, “I have never sent anyone to fate of which I was not certain. You can do this, I believe it.”
“I’m scared.”
“As well you should be. Fear is not a handicap, it is an aid. I will be by your side.”
“Thank you.”
“Be the mirror, Jet. Be the mirror that is a demon’s bane. Everything else is just illusion. Accept the demon, and it will no longer have room to exist.”
“I’ll try.”
“You will succeed.”
Then her hand was caressing my cheek and my heart nearly exploded. I was no longer shaking.
She stepped back and nodded. “Call it forth.”
It was time.
I turned to face the windows and dropped to my knees. The curtains, pure white and glowing in the sunlight, heaved on the breeze, looking almost like living things. I let my eyes focus on them.
Internally I reached for a flimsy barrier created not a few hours ago. Behind it memories and emotions churned and frothed, building in power as they fought to be free.
It took no conscious command. As if by decision of its own, the barrier collapsed.
The illuminated edge of a curtain appeared to be pronouncing the outline of a human torso; as if someone were standing watching me. The more I looked the clearer the figure became, gaining substance and detail from the window frame behind.
The demon stepped forward, the penetrating sunlight making an unnatural silhouette of its form.
“Stay focused, Jet,” Selena whispered, “Remember, running from the lion is a declaration of wanting to be prey.”
I nodded, took a deep breath and slipped into my place of calm, hours of practice paying off.
Before me the silhouette took a step forward.
“State your intention,” Selena said, “Declare your challenge.”
I centred my focus and spoke. “Be still.” It did not move. “Now be gone from here, creature. I no longer wish your presence.”
In response a silence descended, so complete that it seemed to occupy the space around me. Behind the silhouette the curtains continued their graceful dance.
A sound drifted forward, deep and guttural, like the croak of a frog from a device with low batteries.
“I said…”
But the sentence remained unfinished.
The silhouette melted into a crouch in one unnaturally fluid motion and then it was coming scampering towards me on all fours. Arms and legs pelted the ground in a grotesque imitation of a nightmare spider, a sound, finger nails clicking on marble, following in its wake.
Fast. Nothing that existed in the physical world should have been able to move with such speed.
“Stay strong, Jet!”
She had barely managed the words before it was on top of me, the light blue face hovering inches from my own.
But it did not attack. Instead, arms cocked at a right angle and legs splayed in directions impossible for the human hip, it stared at me. 
A miracle kept me from screaming. And in an achievement that can only be described as legendary, my place of calm held.
I stared back. Its unblinking eyes, glass orbs threaded with a million crimson veins, were boring into my own.
Then the world was contracting.
This time, I did not initiate the spell. It was the work of my demon.
My stomach lurched. Across the room, the sunlight retreated into the shadows…
The room was familiar. Beneath my shoes the shaggy brown carpet looked up like an old friend.
To my left came a click and I turned. Gran and mother were at the dining room table playing dominoes. Remarkably gran did not seem to have benefited from the ten year face lift; the only notable difference was a slight decrease in the amount of wrinkles that surrounded her mouth. My mother on the other hand looked almost to be a teenager.
I watched them for a moment, then knowing what I would see before I did so, I crouched. Beneath the table was a child, head resting on arms.
“Hello,” I said to him.
He raised his head and looked at me. “Hello.”
“Why are you under the table? Don’t you want to play dominoes?”
He shook his head. “No. I don’t know how to play.”
“Why are you under the table?”
“I like it here,” he said with a smile, “It’s safe.”
“It doesn’t work that way, Liza.”
This voice came from above and I stood.
“If you push too hard the mind will reject the information. Easy does it.”
“So you’ve said a thousand times,” my mother responded, “And I keep telling you its too many people. Do you understand how many customers can fit into a restaurant of that size?”
“Nonsense, too many is an illusion.”
“If one slips; they all slip. Then I have a riot on my hands. Chaos!”
“Liza,” said gran firmly, clicking a domino into place with sharp finality, “you are quite capable. Might I remind you this was your idea?”
This closed mother’s mouth. From beneath the table came a shuffle as the child adjusted his position.
“Now, tell me about this place,” said gran at last.
“It’s called The Sushi Palace.”
“The Sushi Palace?” Apparently gran did not think much of sushi.
“Very popular with the wealthy.”
“Ah.” That sentiment appeared more attractive, “How soon?”
“My loan will be approved shortly.”
“The bank manager?”
“A mind of jelly.”
“Good girl.” Gran said, smiling warmly and patting mother’s hand.
They shared a moment, gazing at each other in what appeared to be genuine affection. But I had a hunch that this moment was not so different from the one I had witnessed between my mother and Linda.
The moment was shattered as a figure entered from the kitchen. I shifted to get a look and was astonished to see nothing but a silhouette where a person should be. In either hand the silhouette held a glass of wine.
“Refreshment, ladies,” the shadowy figure said. Distantly I recognised the voice.
“On the table please,” my mother said shortly. She glanced up and a smile curled up her lips. For a moment I thought she too was seeing an empty shape, but her eyes told me different. “Oh! I see you’ve dressed for the occasion. Look, Fran, look how nice Carl looks.”
Gran looked up at the silhouette and she too smiled. “Oh yes, very sharp. Not overdressed for a work function?”
“Not at all,” Carl replied with a chuckle, “Everyone will be wearing a tuxedo. It’s the name of the game, sort of a tradition.”
The silhouette shifted, bleeding shadows like ink underwater, and then Carl was wearing a tuxedo. However the face was still in darkness.
He stepped forward to place the drinks on the table and one foot got caught the edge of the carpet. The silly thing, dad had never got round to fixing it. Then, in some insane cinematic slow motion, he was falling forward, the glasses flying from his hands and spraying fans of red wine. His head caught the edge of the table, an event accompanied by a sound like a watermelon colliding with cement.
“For goodness sakes!” the words were gran’s. She stood, shaking red liquid from her arms.
“Carl!” That was mother, her voice near hysterical. “Carl?! Are you okay?”
She stepped forward and crouched to help him, rolling his body onto its back. Above his left eye, positioned in the shadow that still represented his face, a gash oozed blood.
“Oh shit,” he groaned, and now there were glassy eyes in the darkness.
“Fran,” my mother said, “I think we may need to call a doctor. This looks serious.”
“Nonsense,” gran snorted, now wiping wine from her blouse with a napkin.
In a flash Carl had both hands around my mother’s neck. She gagged, tongue protruding between red lips in a sinister imitation of an idiot’s mockery, but managed to grasp both of his wrists. There was a loud SNAP and his grip loosened. She pulled free, stumbling backwards as hacking gasps tore from her mouth.
“He’s free!” gran roared, “He’s free Liza, get him back!”
But my mother was in no position to obey.
Carl was on his feet, pulling at his hair in horror, “Oh God! Oh God!”
He was indeed free.
“Oh God!” he shrieked, “It’s not real! None of it is real! Oh God!”
“Liza!” Gran hissed.
But he was already lunging, hands outstretched to finish their job on my mother’s neck. “You witch! Get out of my head!”
Gran did not hesitate. A bolt the size of a snooker ball hit Carl in the lower back. There was a sound like a branch breaking underfoot as his spine crumbled. He went to the ground and immediately attempted to stand, but his legs were no longer his own.
There was an awkward moment as he flailed on the spot, looking similar to a fish out of water. But then that too was beyond his physical means and he lay still.
My mother took in one more ragged gasp. All at once she was furious. Again she took a position crouching next to Carl. “Oh for heaven’s sake! You didn’t have to do that, mother! Now look at him!”
“If you kept him under control this would not be a problem,” gran replied. 
“You had no right to touch him,” my mother snapped. She turned and threw a venomous look over her shoulder, receiving nothing but a scowl from gran in return.
“You let him slip,” gran barked, “That’s putting everyone at risk. You know the rules, Liza. You got lazy, this is what happens.”
“Nonsense! Absolute nonsense! He was no harm to anyone and you know it!”
“For goodness sakes, stop acting like it’s the end of the world.”
“Mommy…” This word came from the child; a mewling whimper. He had crawled from under the table and was now standing beside me.
I, the present me, stepped forward and looked down at the body, arms sprawled.
There was silence as my mother and grandmother looked at the child.
“What is it, Jet?” my mother asked.
“What’s wrong with dad?”
The shadows cleared. My father, mouth slowly opening and closing as he took his last breaths, was dying beneath me.
“He’s dead.”
“Dead?”
“Yes.” My mother regarded me with unsympathetic eyes.
“Oh.”
Already his face was turning blue as the life left him. And his eyes, once the purest blue, were fogging with a cloud of red veins.
All at once he was dead.
There was another long silence. Then gran stood and walked towards me.
“You’re playing with fire,” she growled.
I was screaming. From the very pit of my stomach I was screaming.
She killed my father she killed my father she killed my father…
And screaming and screaming and screaming.
Around me in the shape and size of a large wagon wheel the marble floor first cracked, then fractured. Chunks the size of footballs levitated weightless into the air.
The demon rose with them, its limbs slashing pointlessly.
“Jet! Jet!” But not even Selena’s voice held significance in that moment.
Still I screamed.
And the wagon wheel grew larger, more marble shattered, splitting clear across the room and climbing the walls like vines. In front of me the windows exploded outwards, drawing the curtains into frantic ribbons.
“Jet! Jet! Stop it!”
Another scream, louder, my body was taut, arms extended on either side of me and fists clenched. I threw back my head and sound tore from me like a thousand wrenching freight trains.
Above the ceiling split, two enormous slabs shifting apart.  Clouds of dust and rivers of debris rained down.
The demon was launched upwards as a wave went rolling out like a crackling ocean, the concussion sending marble shrapnel shooting in all directions.
Raw energy, rising from between the cracked marble, was shimmering and snapping, accompanied by a sound of gale force winds.
“Jet! Jet!” Her voice was now shrieking above the unbearable noise.
I was struck from behind and suddenly airborne. The cracked floor came up to hit me in the face.
Selena was standing over me.
“What are you?” she said. 
As I lost consciousness the roaring subsided.

CHAPTER 16

For a long time I was lost in nonsensical dreams and darkness.
The next thing that became comprehensible was voices; distant and talking in gibberish. They seemed familiar these voices, but as though I must have encountered them in a dream, or perhaps the distant past.
As the only thing present to occupy my time I focused on them, attempting to extract meaning from the sing-song tones and peculiar syllables.
This went on for an age.
Finally as my wits returned in a gentle reestablishment of reality, I registered the voices belonging to Selena and Benny.
I wish I could say that rediscovering normality had been a relief. Instead I felt a distinct loss at having to forsake my comfortable black void, regretting that I could not have stayed just a little longer.
Memories returned in an endless déjà vu.
“…not an Enforcer anymore. Understand?” Benny was saying.
“And this is not the jurisdiction of an Enforcer, Mister Kingston,” Selena responded dryly, “As long as he remains my student, I make the decisions.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. The authority of an Enforcer takes precedence-”
“Over all other magical laws,” she finished the quote, “I’m aware of the rules, Mister Kingston. But since Jet Clarence has not yet officially finished his training, he remains the responsibility of his trainer.”
I kept my eyes closed, feigning unconsciousness.
Benny let out a shuddering sigh. “Selena. Really, what is it you’re trying to do here? I’m struggling to understand your angle, but it really escapes me. All I can think is that you have a little crush on Jet. And let me remind you that this is against regulations in Trainer/Student Protocol.”
“Don’t patronise me,” Selena snapped, “You know very well why I want Jet here and away from you.”
There was a pause.
“Don’t insult me, Selena,” Benny’s voice now adopted a note of genuine intention, “I respect what I am dealing with. You and I both know this. And I’d go as far as to say he is potentially one of the most dangerous men on the planet. Now, turn him over to Enforcer custody or I will be forced to return with an official warrant.”
“As you wish, I will await your return.”
Another pause. The next words were tinged with frustration. “Selena! Please! Let’s put petty shit aside and acknowledge the situation. You are meddling with serious protocol here. A magic user of this level of power is no joke. What he did is easily class 4.”
“Class 5, in my opinion,” she interjected.
“Then what are we doing here?! The shit storm you will bring down on our heads harbouring him will be of epic proportions! Do you realise what could happen if he loses control?!”
“He will not lose control.”
“Have you seen the state of your house?!”
“He will not lose control. Now, if there is nothing else Mister Kingston, I have matters to which I need to attend.”
I decided it was time to speak. “Don’t I get an opinion?”
I opened my eyes and took a first look around. It was without question located in Selena’s residence. This was made obvious by firstly, the presence of a four post football field where my bed should be, and secondly the size of the room which was roughly that of a small island.
Two faces turned in my direction. Benny’s one of alarm, Selena’s, despite her assurance I would not lose control, one of caution.
“Jet!” Benny spoke first, “Welcome back, buddy. Thought you were in a coma there for a second. How do you feel?”
“Not bad,” I responded honestly, “Not bad at all.”
“Do you remember what happened?” Selena asked, approaching my bed.
I did. An impression seared into my brain, I remembered my grandmother murdering my father in cold blood. The inhuman way the murder had been dealt with; the heartless fashion in which my mother had said “He’s dead” to an eight year old child. It would never leave me.
And I was aware of something else. Another reality buried in the dark corners of my mind. I needed the resentment. Somehow, it was a cornerstone of who I was, sitting as substitute where something else should have been. Not something I fully understood, but knew it to be the reason my demon remained. And changed.
 “Yes, I remember what happened,” I replied to Selena. Then added with a certain amount of awkwardness, “Sorry about your house.”
“The house is insured. Any rational trainer will tell you it’s essential.”
She leaned over and studied my face, looking into one eye then the other.
“Are you feeling disorientated?” she asked, “Confused? Do you know where you are?”
“I told you, I feel fine.”
“Tell me where you are?”
“I assume this is your house,” I muttered, “Considering the level of décor.”
“Your confrontation with your demon did not go as planned.”
“I guessed that. If that was normal I’m sure insurance would have abandoned you long ago.”
“This is no joking matter, Jet.”
“She’s right,” Benny interjected, stepping forward, “This is pretty major.”
“What exactly happened?” I asked, roused by the uncommon serious note in Benny’s voice.
“It’s a rare event, but not completely unheard of,” he continued, “The confrontation released hidden Spirit.”
“Hidden Spirit?”
“Well, not exactly hidden, more … dormant.”
I thought about this. “How much Spirit? You just claimed I was one of the most dangerous men on Earth. How much Spirit is that?”
The two exchanged glances.
“A lot,” Benny said, “With immense destructive potential.”
It seemed to me I had already been capable of an immense amount of destruction, without raising too many eyebrows. And since I did not feel in any way different, I filed the misplaced concerned expressed by both under paranoia. I would change that conclusion later.
“So what happens now?” I asked.
“We were just now discussing this,” Selena said, throwing Benny a sideways scowl, “Your training is not yet complete. With the banishing of your demon an unfortunate failure you must now be taught to use a Primary Crutch. It will not take long, but I would prefer if you remained under my watch for a few days. The rest will do you good.”
“Which is bullshit,” Benny muttered, “You’re coming with me, Jet. I think after being unconscious for three days you’ve had more than enough rest, wouldn’t you agree?”
Three days. I reeled in shock. It had felt no more than a casual nap.
He had chosen the words carefully. In two days we would play our poker game finale. This explained his eagerness to get me from under Selena’s watchful eye.
“Tell her, Jet,” he continued, putting more emphasis in his voice than needed, “Tell her you’re coming with me.”
It was a decision that had been coming, now made into an unavoidable situation. I would have given anything to spend a few days sharing personal space with Selena, leading to who knew what. It seemed very possible that it would be a few days that remained the highlight of my life. I almost didn’t allow myself the luxury of imagining a life with Selena as a partner. It was parallel to hoping for something as fantastic as winning the lottery.
 But the fact remained; Brent’s life depended on my participation.
I considered throwing caution to the wind and blurting out the truth, letting Selena in on the situation. Would she understand? Give us the money? Lend a helping hand? Or what was it Benny had said;
“It was as if she thought taking one step outside the established laws somehow made her less perfect.” 
Benny and I had both already strayed from the law and it did not seem impossible that she would have us spending the rest of our lives as vegetables. After all, did I believe she liked me enough to betray perfection a second time…?
With my stomach tightening and heart refusing to believe what it was hearing, I hung my head and made my decision.
“I guess I’ll go with Benny,” I said.
The silent vacuum greeting my words seemed to stamp irrevocability on the occasion.
I dared to raise my eyes and meet Selena’s gaze. I imagined that her expression, although minutely different from the one that occupied her face indefinitely, told a tale of bottomless hurt.
“As you wish,” she said at last, “Then return tomorrow. It will be our final lesson together.”
With that she turned on her heel and exited. I watched her go, drawing on every ounce of my willpower to not call out.
“We’ve lost major time,” Benny whispered, waiting for her to be beyond earshot, “I have been going out of my mind here, buddy. I was about ready to go with plan B, round up a few mercenaries and knock off a bank.”
“Sorry to make you wait.”
“Hey, shit happens. We’ve got only tomorrow left to practice. But it’s not impossible. In fact, I think we can pull it off fairly easily.”
My head was still spinning, trying in vain to justify my decision. I stared at a wall for a few moments wondering if life would ever again be so kind to me.
“Jet! Are you with me? You okay? Feeling strange?” His voice was cautious and I looked up, realising that there was a new edge in his communication. 
He was afraid of me.
“I’m fine,” I said, standing from the bed and realising I was wearing only boxer shorts. Benny pointed to a cupboard; I opened it and was met by a selection of men’s clothing that cost more than my car.
“You bought me clothes?”
“Me? Don’t be ridiculous. Selena.”
I sighed and dressed, realising that the style of clothing was unlike anything I had worn in my life. Smart enough to be accepted at yacht clubs.
“Oh, and sorry about the whole demon thing,” he added, “That must have been tough.”
He shoved his hands into his pockets and diverted his gaze. I guess it was hard for anyone to know how to deal with matters relating to demons with such potential to enter dark emotional waters.
“Thanks,’ I replied. I meant to let the matter drop, but a need to express troubling thoughts took over.  I paused in the act of buttoning the silk shirt. “I think I’m glad.”
He looked up. “About what?”
“I think I’m glad the demon isn’t gone.”
“How do you mean?”
“I need it.”
His eyes narrowed. “I don’t follow you.”
“I need it to help me kill my mother and grandmother.” The words were out. I couldn’t believe they had emerged from my own mouth. “I didn’t mean that.”
For a long time Benny said nothing. Then he sighed and shook his head. “I won’t pretend to know where your demon comes from, Jet. But I have come to accept that such matters are peoples’ own business, and for good reason. I never heard you say that whether you mean it or not. And I’m sorry. Whatever they did to you, I’m truly sorry.”
“Thank you.”
As the moment passed I continued dressing, buttoning the shirt and pulling on trousers.
“Look, Jet,” he hesitated, “I’m not sure you realise the scale of the situation you’re in. People with your level of Spirit are taken pretty seriously by the Department of Magic. I mean, you are a walking bomb. You understand?”
I certainly didn’t feel like a walking bomb. “Sure.”
“I’m meant to register you as a class 5 magical hazard. Like, today. But that means you’ll be under constant surveillance for months. There will be tests, exams…”
I slipped on the leather shoes. “My guess is you’re not going to register me?”
“No. Obviously not,” He hesitated again, his brow creasing, “I need to ask you something, and I want you to not take it the wrong way.”
“Shoot.”
“Are you in control?”
“Yes.”
“No, listen to me before you answer.”
“Okay.”
“Maybe you think you’re okay, but really you’re not…”
“No, I’m okay.”
He sighed, rubbed his eyes and cleared his throat. “Jet, if you lose control you could destroy a city block.”
I looked up, frozen with one arm half into the sleeve of my new black jacket. The words sunk in. At first I thought he might have been joking, looking for a way to lighten the mood. But his face showed no indication of humour.
“What?”
“You heard me. Are you starting to understand the situation now?”
“How is that even possible?”
“It’s possible. In about maybe a hundred cases around the world people share the same level of Spirit. It’s that rare. And each of these people, believe you me, have more Enforcers stapled to their asses than a shit pile has flies.”
I stared. Again I made an attempt to detect an unusual level of Spirit and came up empty.
“So,” he said, looking at me closely, “I’m going to ask you again. Are you, or are you not, in control? Because if you start looking like you might blow your lid, I may have to… stop you.”
My feeling was of being as much in control as I ever had. Which is to say; I had never been a person who lost control easily.
Images flashed through my mind; me, not a few days ago, turning on Clinton and knocking him over a table. My grandmother’s face looming at me, cold and calculating. “Oh for goodness sake, stop acting like it’s the end of the world.”
I hadn’t meant it, I told myself. It had just been an understandable reaction to recent developments. But even as I assured myself a tiny flame ignited in my stomach, flooding me with warmth.
“I think I’ll be fine,” I lied.
“Alright. Good. Then why the hell are we standing around? We have work to do.”
We headed downstairs and out the front door, where I was met with my third crushing blow of the day. Where my car had sat was now only an ominous black stain on the cobblestones.
“Where’s my car?” I asked Benny, dreading the answer.
“Oh. Seems it got partially crushed by a slab of stone you blew out the mansion roof. Selena had it towed.” He shrugged. “Sorry. Let’s take my car.”
My shoulders sagged. The old beast had finally been destroyed. No job. No home. No family. No love interest - And now no car. At least I wasn’t wearing borrowed clothes.

* * *

About an hour later I sat with Benny at his living room table, the sun now heading towards the city skyline in a breath-taking display of pink and crimson cloud ribbons.
It was our third hand of poker, and the third in a row I had successfully predicted with near 100% accuracy.
He had mentioned that I might find the process easier now with apparently immense amounts of new spirit. I was reluctant to tell him the process seemed neither easier nor harder to the best of my judgement.
“Low pair,” I declared, withdrawing my focus, “I’d say threes or fours.”
He revealed the cards, a frown creasing his brow; pair of kings.
“I’m not sure what happened there.”
“You’re distracted, Jet, something on your mind?”
“No. Well, yes.”
“Then spit it out. Best way to clear your mind is discussion.” He gathered up the cards and shuffled, looking at me expectantly.
I hesitated for an agonising moment. The internal conflict was so chaotic I half expected my hair to spontaneously ignite. But I was merely delaying the inevitable decision that followed, one that would determine the course of the rest of my life.
“My mother and grandmother are illegal magic users,” I said at last. And as the words left my mouth the world around me seemed to shift, altering as if acknowledging the irrevocability of the event.
His shuffling hands froze.
Then eyes never leaving my face, he placed down the cards and drew out his pouch of tobacco.
“Fair warning,” he said, initiating the cigarette rolling ritual, “Depending on what you say next I may be forced to act. So don’t start talking unless you’re prepared for that. Should you choose not to proceed, I am willing to agree that no mention was ever made of it.”
“I thought discussion was the best way to clear one’s mind.”
“Don’t twist my words,” he scoffed, smiling placidly as a rolling paper was taken from the endless supply in his top pocket, “You may not believe it, but I take my job very seriously, Jet.”
“You’re right, I don’t believe it.”
The smile melted. “Proceed with caution, my good chum. There are some things about which I do not joke.”
“You’re saying that some crimes are to be taken more seriously than others, is that it?”
“As with all things, Jet, some rules are guidelines, and others are made of steel.” The cigarette took shape. He inserted it between his lips and the magical flame ignited, creating a ghostly effect of shadows and highlights on his face. “Some crimes deserve to be punished by a man eating his own liver, others can be overlooked; the laws stretched to accommodate. If the situation permits. There are only grey areas in this world of ours; the realm of black and white is where people like Selena live. Obsessed with perfection in an imperfect world. And it’s a lonely place that black and white realm, populated by the delusional. Am I right?”
These were righteous words coming from a man who I had seen participate in an illegal card game, manipulate old Mrs Nelson to forget anger concerning her car and even scramble a waiter’s brain to forget something as silly as a smoking violation. But I once again acknowledged that when compared to what was possible with magic Benny was the most insignificant of criminals. Perhaps even justifiable in cases. Next to my mother and grandmother he seemed the lesser of two “evils.” 
“Now, tell me about these magical crimes,” He continued, “if you so choose.”
“The Sushi Palace, a restaurant my mother runs, she’s using it to manipulate the customers.”
“I see. Heard about that place. Heard the sushi is the best in town.”
“Yes, it would be.”
“Ah. So there’s one mystery solved. She’s manipulating customers. Not such a big thing, Jet, pretty common. How many customers?”
“All of them. And the staff. They’re all being manipulated. The whole place is a sham.”
“What about her Enforcer?”
“It’s my grandmother. She’s in on it.”
“Name?”
“Fran.”
“Never heard of her.” He exhaled a cloud of smoke.
“Well, she’s over eighty. Doubt she holds much of a reputation.”
“Uh huh. And so the stupidity of allowing family to regulate family is once again highlighted.” The cigarette was flicked towards an open window. “That’s fairly interesting. Corrupt Enforcers are not taken lightly.”
Again I hesitated, but knew it was too late to turn back. “There’s more.”
“Go on.”
“I’ve been told about some kind of… family network of illegal magic users. It’s a major thing from what I can tell. A sort of mafia.”
“A network?” He squinted at me through the still rising cloud of smoke.
“Yes.” 
His eyes drifted to the table as wheels turned. Finally he sighed and leaned back in his chair with raised eyebrows. All sign of good humour had vanished. “What else do you know, Jet?”
“Not much. That’s more or less the extent of it.”
“Well this is a turn of events. It’s something I’ll have to investigate. I warned you.”
“Good.”
“You’re happy?”
“Yes.”
“I suspect you have your reasons.”
“I do.”
“Would you like to talk about them?”
The little flame still burned in my stomach, growing ever stronger. I hadn’t meant it, the feeling would pass. I was not capable of murder. I was not like my grandmother. Even if she did deserve to pay for what she had done, I had not meant what I said. It was better they were both locked away for life. Wasn’t it?
“No.”
“Alright. We’ll talk about this again. You feel better for telling?”
I nodded.
“Good. Then let’s focus on the task at hand, shall we?” He slipped back into high spirits and managed a grin. “Okay?”
“Sure.”
“Right, you need to be faster,” he said, “it’s still too obvious when you do the spell. Try achieving results without taking your eyes off your own cards. Peripheral vision.”
“I’ll try.”
“Good. That’s why we’re here.”
A new hand was dealt.
By the time the sun had completed its decent and allowed the night to roll in, I had grasped using peripheral vision as a means to establish mental contact.
Practice continued till midnight, after which we enjoyed a supper of microwave lasagne and headed for bed.
“No demon for me tonight,” I told myself as the painkillers were fed into my eager mouth; two, then two more for good measure. It dawned on me that I was starting to look forward to the ritual as the only part of every day I was assured a bit of peace.
As the euphoria set in and I sighed in relief, the alarm I had felt at the pill bottle being a bit empty soon drained away into bliss.

* * *

At some time near 3am I found myself awake and staring at the ceiling.
I could not recall how long I had been awake, as if gaining consciousness some time ago and realising only after a delayed reality shift. 
This was followed by a rather profound disorientation.
The environment around me, completely unfamiliar, was forgotten as being Benny’s spare room, and try as I might the events that had brought me there were slipping my mind. It would soon be clear that this near inhibiting confusion was the lingering effects of four pills before bedtime.
Slowly the confusion developed into primal unease, as if my body were insistently aware of a danger my intellectual mind was not. The buzzing vibration in my head was once again declaring danger.
“There’s something nearby,” it said anxiously, “Beware!”
My eyes were suddenly wide open.
A presence felt only by instinct moments ago was now blindingly obvious. There was something nearby.
My first assumption was that my demon had snuck into the room while I slept. This would have been breaking the rules as far as I understood them, but logic was of little comfort in that moment.
Then I heard the giggle. Soft at first, as if from behind a closed window; a sort of classic female “tee hee hee.” Something at home on a children’s playground.
I lay still and listened, straining my ears to find the source of the noise. But the more I tried to focus the more abstract the sound became, as if eluding my intention of locating it.
Only then as my mind attempted to force itself clear from lingering haze, did it dawn on me what I was hearing. Realisation was like a bucket of ice in my shorts. Benny’s demon.
Tee hee hee…
Louder now. It had been identified, no reason to be coy.
Tee hee hee…
And closer. No longer abstract, it was in the apartment perhaps just in the adjoining room. Every muscle in my body was singing with adrenalin.
Tee hee hee…
Musical, joyful and pleasant, something heart-warming in other circumstances.
Tee hee hee…tee hee hee…
The Cupboard. It was in the cupboard ten metres from where I lay. The mental tagging of its position acted as solidification of danger and the warning buzz lifted into fever pitch. The response was automatic; a summoning of crackling energy along my arms and chest.
But thankfully another cupboard would not be falling victim to my panic that night. Instead words returned to me, fighting through the mental haze like a determined ship through foggy weather.
“Stay in control...” Benny had said.
I reached for my place of calm, a little ashamed I had not thought to do so earlier. But the calming memories would not be locked down. I grasped for them but it was like trying to snatch up a fish in murky water.
Tee hee hee…
I reached again and again, each failed attempt further increasing my panic.
All at once; a terrifying feeling of helplessness gripped me. What had previously been a task I performed with masterful ease had become impossible. My mind, once a reliable ally, had turned into an imprecise mess. 
The painkillers.
It occurred to me with some amount of humourless irony that I had in my infinite wisdom been achieving exactly what occurred in a Magical Detention Centre; stunting my own natural abilities with drugs. Shackling my mind and leaving it powerless.
I closed my eyes, aware that I had started trembling, and strained to try and gain some kind of focus. 
Tee hee hee… rattle rattle rattle… The cupboard door gave a shake as if someone inside were testing the handle.
As mist cleared by gentle winds a window of clarity opened in my foggy brain. I lunged at it and cautiously reached through. At last like a patient polar bear fishing through an ice hole, I snatched up my place of calm.
 Anxiety and panic melted.
I noted that the principal of my place of calm remained firm, regardless of recent revelations as to the reality of my time spent under the table. It was as Selena had said; I had created a mental peg on which to hang calming thoughts, it was not necessarily the memories themselves that created calm.
From this new perspective and with clear mind I now tried to rationalise how Benny’s demon could be lurking freely. My understanding was that the exact reason for a Primary Crutch was to avoid this kind of situation. Either Benny was losing control or he had sent the creature to harass me intentionally. 
I threw off my bed covers and stood, not so much as granting the cupboard a sideways glance.
Tee hee hee…
The taunt was ignored and I headed for the door. Upon opening it, much to my lack of surprise, I caught a glimpse of a small feminine figure shifting into a hiding place behind the dining room table. The same little girl in the cupboard, I had no doubt.
To my left sitting on a couch at the living room coffee table was Benny, his face illuminated by the soft glow of a lamp. His expression had every similarity to a man dealing with heroin withdrawal, complete with bulging eyes and dripping sweat. He did not look up as I stepped forward. Instead his focus remained fixed on the task at hand.  And based on the feverish intensity with which he handled his tobacco I guessed time was running short.
Behind me my bedroom door slammed closed, an event accompanied by another now slightly distorted; tee hee hee.
Benny’s eye’s darted up but he made no attempt to acknowledge my presence. The cigarette was taking shape. Admittedly I rather hoped he would pick up the pace. Not in the least because two large tomes were working themselves free from the bookshelf, wiggling determinedly from side to side as they shifted ever closer to the shelf’s edge. From the kitchen came a loud crash as something shattered on the floor, and off to my right came the thump of a heavy object in the bathroom.
Again, now seen from the corner of my eye, a figure was glimpsed, first stepping from behind a wall, then darting quickly back out of sight.
Tee hee hee…
The giggle was directly behind my shoulder, as if from a mouth perhaps inches away. My nerves were starting to fray. The tenuous window of clarity in my mind wavered and threatened to close.
“Benny…”
He did not look up. “I know.”
“Hurry.”
“I know!”
Finally he raised the cigarette to his lips. It was not a beautiful specimen of a cigarette by any means, but the fact he had managed to roll it with shaking hands was a miracle.
Thud thud… the two books made it off the shelf and went spinning to the ground.
With jaw clenched in concentration Benny attempted the flame from fingertips spell, but failed to produce a result.
A chair skidded from its place at the dining room table and into a wall, connecting with such force that wood splintered and the backrest hung skew.
Tee hee hee…. Tee hee hee!
The giggle had become persistent, drifting from at least three different locations in the apartment. 
Then I noticed the face. It was staring from the edge of the bathroom door, willing me to look in that direction. There was no question that if I did energy bolts would soon be flying as I defended against an all-out attack.
“Benny!”
The flame spluttered once and emerged, giving life to the cigarette. Benny took a deep drag and moaned. His expression of relief was bordering on orgasmic.
The giggling faded, and as was expected there was an easing of the atmosphere as light returned from an unannounced absence.
Silence.
I stood with nerves singing and stared mutely. I half expected Benny would break down and cry, or at least enter into a barrage of tearful apologies. Instead he began to chuckle. It was an action that already had me fearing for his mental stability, more so when the chuckling progressed into racks of uninhibited laughter, so fierce that he nearly toppled from the couch.
As the laughter subsided I stepped forward and sank into the couch across from him, letting go my place of calm as I did. The medicinal fog eagerly descended and settled in.
“Feeling okay?” I asked.
“Not bad,” he replied evenly.
There was a pause as he wiped laughter induced tears from his cheeks, then leaned and retrieved the cigarette from the floor.
“Burned the damn carpet again,” he muttered.
“Again? This happens often?”
His eyes swivelled up. There was a hesitation, but a weak grin presented itself as the official response.
“Hey, mistakes happen,” he said, “Guess I was a little careless.”
My every instinct told me he was lying, but it being 3am, my mind being as sharp as a spoon and me having to learn my own Primary Crutch in a few hours, I decided to let it drop.
“Fine. Guess I better get some sleep.”
I stood and stepped over the fallen books on my way back to bed.
Before returning to sleep I took the bottle of pills and tossed then unceremoniously out the window.

* * *

The following day Benny dropped me off outside the Defence Training Office. My walk up the driveway revealed something rather astonishing, namely: the damage to the building which I had caused. My last visit had ended with such an abrupt departure I had not had time to view my handy work. But now, as my winding approach took me up the tree lined driveway, I could clearly see the domed roof that protruded from the mansion’s nether regions. It sat in two complete separate halves. The kind of force required to do this, I imagined, was equivalent to one seriously powerful bomb. Perhaps a few.
Again I attempted to locate some source of extra Spirit within.
I approached the mansion for what would be my last visit to Selena and headed for the steps, taking note of two vans at the building’s flank that identified themselves as “Construction Experts”.
As I neared the front door I was a little surprised to find Selena herself waiting for me.
“A construction team is at work,” she declared, “We shall do today’s lesson outside. Follow me.”
I thought I detected a cold edge to the interaction. Indeed this was a rather bold statement, kind of like announcing you had detected a block of ice in Greenland, but still I was convinced.
She led the way around the rear of the building, through a small gate and into a courtyard.
Here, positioned around a central swimming pool, was an entertainment area housed under an enormous thatched rain cover. It looked to be a pleasant place in which to spend a summer’s day, although I got the feeling that it had not seen guests in some time, or perhaps ever.
Selena took a seat at one of the stylishly rustic wooden tables and gestured for me to join. I did so, now hearing sounds of heavy construction from the mansion windows at my back.
To my left a glistening water-feature bubbled water restlessly into the swimming pool.
“Today you will learn how to make use of a Primary Crutch,” Selena said, “This will not take long.”
“Okay.”
Again I got the impression that she dealing with me in a cold and detached manner. You might point out that this should not have surprised me, considering I had just done what equated to hundreds of thousands in damage to her house. But I was certain this was not the reason for the behaviour.
“Take your time,” she continued, “Think hard and find something in your life which you cannot do without; a habit, a routine, a regular distraction. It helps if it is something that is already integrated into your life. Harnessing it to become a Primary Crutch is then easier.”
I paused and thought, listening to the tinkle of water as it flowed in stark contrast to the sounds of metallic construction behind.
The first idea that came to mind was the painkillers. I played with the idea of sacrificing a clear mind for the benefit of being free of the demon. But after a few moments of contemplation decided that this would likely be the exact wrong choice to make. I may as well just turn myself in and head to a Magical Detention centre.
“Do keep in mind that convenience is vital,” she added softly.
I racked my brain, realising I lived a life of very few solid habits. Curse me for not being a smoker.
After five minutes of fruitless thought I heard the sound of approaching footsteps. Behind me Jenny the assistant emerged from glass sliding doors.
“Mister Clarence,” she said by means of a greeting.
“Hello, Jenny.”
“You have made rather a mess of the house.”
“I did. Sorry about that.”
“Not too worry, I have always fancied a skylight in the main hall.”
“Oh. Good. Glad I could help.”
She offered a professional smile and turned to Selena. “I thought perhaps you would care for some refreshments, Miss Stephania?”
“Coffee would be nice Jenny,” Selena responded, “Thank you.”
“Of course,” The young assistant turned back to me. “And yourself, Mister Clarence? Coffee?”
“Coffee.” The word left my mouth and the puzzle piece fell into place simultaneously.
I looked at Selena with eyebrows raised. “Coffee?”
She nodded. “Yes, this will do. We can work with coffee. Well done, Jenny.”
“Thank you, Miss Stephania,” replied Jenny, smiling at me placidly.
“If you would please bring coffee beans and a grinder.”
“At once, Miss Stephania.”
The young woman clicked back into the house. I watched her go curiously, racking my brain as to whether there was significance in the fact she had offered me coffee twice before, and in such peculiar circumstances. Surely Logical Prediction could not be used in such a way. It seemed impossible.
A few minutes later I sat with an old fashioned coffee grinder on the table before me, complete with a cup of choice grade coffee beans. At least I assumed they were choice grade since anything else would have seemed completely out of place.
“What do you know about coffee?” Selena asked, not registering the bewildered fashion in which I stared at the grinder.
“I know how to drink it.”
“You do so often?”
“Daily. Other than that, I wasn’t even sure it came from beans until five seconds ago.”
“Then I suggest you begin to learn some details, because from now on coffee is going to be a major part of your life. Understand? You are to develop a passion for coffee beyond the level of a casual coffee drinker.”
“Okay.”
“It is the action of making and drinking coffee however, which will become your Primary Crutch.”
“How?”
“Channelling Spirit. Simply put; the Spirit with which you would previously feed a demon will now be put into making gourmet cups of coffee.”
This seemed a straight forward idea and something I had gathered from watching Benny and his smoking habit. But I recalled also Benny from the previous night, his face sweating and eyes bulging like a man drifting dangerously close to the realm of “losing it”.
“And this technique is fool proof?”
“Fool proof?” She stared at me. “Nothing is fool proof. But when used correctly this technique is perfectly adequate.”
“What if I… start slipping? Or don’t feel that it’s working properly?”
“Most likely you are not doing it properly. Alternatively it is not impossible that your relationship with your demon worsens. Keep in mind that a Primary Crutch is used best in conjunction with a solid grasp and understanding of your situation. Should you feel that your mental state is deteriorating, contact me immediately. Especially considering the recent developments with your new Spirit Level.”
“Okay.”
I thought again of Benny. As I suspected he had not been telling me everything. His condition was slipping and he had not contacted his trainer, whom I guessed with some level of accuracy to be Selena.
“Well then?” she said impatiently.
“Well then what?”
“Start grinding. And do exactly as I say. No questions.”
I did so, cranking the handle on the old steel grinder until I found a rhythmic pattern.
“Now what?’
“Now focus. Focus on the action which you are performing. Focus on the simple mechanics of the device which you are using. The handle turns, round and round, cogs, wheels and teeth.”
I watched the rotation of the handle and visualised the internal workings. I saw cogs, one linking into the other, as they worked towards the solitary goal of operating the rows of grinding teeth.
“Round and round,” she continued, her voice dropping to a whisper, “Teeth interlinking with teeth, merging with each other, working together for a single purpose. A simple purpose, the grinding of coffee beans. And it is a purpose the machine performs with unchallenged, unwavering perfection; a master of the art. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
My arm continued the repetitive motion, hand gripping the wooden handle. From inside the grinder came a metallic whirring noise like a tiny engine chugging as it attempted to fire up.
“Feel the cogs, become familiar with their purpose. Know the mechanics; become intertwined with their characteristics.”
My focus intensified to a pin-point, thoughts becoming lost in the simple action that became the centre of my world. My mind’s eye could see the chugging pieces of the grinder clicking into place, churning like clockwork.
“Now,” she leaned forward, “Find your demon.”
“What?”
“Your days of attempting to contain it are over. It’s time to get it out, one way or another. Find its place of residence within yourself.”
Doing this would ultimately draw my demon into the physical world. “Selena if I…”
“Do not flinch from it; your fear gives it power. Reach for the emotions. You know them now. It is no secret.”
Indeed, it was no secret. 
I reached for the memories and tore down the walls behind which they were hidden. The scene began to play.
My father entering into the living room, stumbling on the carpet and striking his head…
The flame in my stomach ignited like a furnace. My cheeks burned and lips began to tremble. Sweat sprang out on my forehead.
Now I felt it. Now I felt the Spirit which Benny and Selena had insisted I possessed. It crackled violently into life around my body in a popping throng of energy. Amazingly even as I felt its intensity as being at least a dozen times more than previously, it continued to grow, soon engulfing me in twisting tongues of raw Spirit.
Simultaneously there was a sensation of the energy splitting off into a river and dispersing, a flowing stream into an internal black hole. This was the energy which was supplying my tuxedo wearing friend.
“Now dump it!” Selena barked, “Drop it into the grinder! Do it now!”
I switched my focus to the grinder and my spirit followed obediently. As if an invisible dam wall had been lifted the inwardly directed river changed its course. It flowed into the grinder and swirled into the still rotating gears, dispersing.
The process continued for five minutes. I worked the handle and allowed the energy to flow safely away. Soon results became apparent as the energy showed signs of becoming slacker in its flow, as if a full bathtub gurgled away down an opened drain.
After another five minutes it had drained completely.
I let out a deep breath, my arm aching from ten minutes of non-stop grinding.
“Well done,” Selena said flatly.
“I don’t mean to sound ungrateful,” I replied, wiping sweat from my face, “but it seems a much lengthier task than I first assumed.”
“The first time always is. As long as you continue to perform the ritual regularly and do not allow for a build-up, it should take no more than a few moments.”
“Good.”
“Practice. Daily. I would recommend twice a day for the first month. At least once every second day after that. Would you like me to write this down?”
I shook my head. “No. Anything else?”
“Yes. I would recommend developing an interest in coffee as of today. The more Spirit you direct into the habit, the less there will be for your demon. Take it seriously. It will spiral out of control very quickly if neglected.”
“Got it.”
“I need not tell you that the bond is now completed. Understand this. There is virtually no way to be free of your demon from this point. I recommend finding joy in the coffee. It will be easier. In time, you may even forget the purpose of the coffee all together. This would be preferable.”
Honestly the idea of the coffee obsession appealed to me. There seemed to be something awfully sophisticated about the whole affair, and I could already imagine the time I would spend smelling fine coffee’s in a snobbishly critical fashion.
“Then we are done,” Selena declared unceremoniously, “I will send your certificate of completion to the Department of Magic. Good day, Mister Clarence.”
She turned and headed for the sliding doors. I watched her go, filled with a crushing feeling of loss. Every fibre in my body screamed for me to stop her. To at least make some attempt at saving the situation.
“Selena!”
She stopped in mid stride, looking back over a shoulder. “Was there something else?” I thought I detected a glint of expectation.
But I had not thought past calling her name. My lips flapped; no sound emerged. Part of me wanted to confess love. Regardless of the fact that I had no real connection to the word, and did not believe it genuinely explained what I felt, I just wanted to say it. That’s what people did in the movies, didn’t they? A confession of a love: a tearful girl, embracing, everything working out for the best. If I had thought about it, I would have said something like; “Would you mind if I called you?” Or perhaps; “Maybe we could have coffee some time?”
I said none of these things.
Instead, I settled for; “Thanks.”
“Very good, Mister Clarence.”
And then she went inside and was gone.
CHAPTER 17

After leaving Selena’s mansion I proceeded, via means of overpriced taxi, to the nearest shopping centre.
Here I asked for a coffee grinder and was met with looks of perplexed confusion, as if I had perhaps asked for a gold-egg-laying-goose. At some point the world had forgotten coffee’s true origins.
After being passed off to the manager I was told that a coffee grinder and coffee beans could be purchased at a specialist store located about an hour’s drive north. Since there was no real choice I headed off.
The specialist store was aptly titled “Serious About Coffee”, situated in a swanky neighbourhood that was inhabited entirely by unsmiling middle aged men.
I entered, already kissing goodbye the remainder of my money, and was greeted by a permanently unimpressed man. He introduced himself as Benedict Walton and launched into a lecture about the importance of real coffee. Since coffee was now my forte I attempted to listen with interest. It soon became apparent that no matter how hard I wished for it, coffee beans were not riveting subject material. 
Eventually I asked Benedict what he recommended and this, naturally, was a grinder and bag of beans that cost more than my entire net value times two. I settled for a cheaper bag of beans and left feeling vaguely like a rape victim.
I managed to avoid rush hour traffic on the taxi ride back to Benny’s apartment, arriving about an hour before he did. This time I used to experiment with my grinder, producing a cup of coffee so strong that drinking it was an experience similar to being kicked in the mouth with coffee flavoured boots. Regardless, the action of grinding the beans and sipping the brew created the desired relaxing and Spirit draining effect.
When Benny arrived I was sitting with my “uber coffee” at the living room table, following each sip with a grimace of agony.
“Coffee?” Benny asked in a tone that suggested both envy and disgust. 
“Yes,” I replied with mock smugness, “Ground with my own hands. And it will never result in dreaded lung disease.”
“Wow. Some guys have all the luck. Any good?”
“Little strong.”
“Don’t worry. You’ll learn to love it. Any problems with the Primary Crutch initiation?”
“None.”
“Good.” He hesitated. “Any sign that…uh…”
“No,” I said, answering the unasked question, “I’m still sure she doesn’t suspect anything.”
“Great.” There was an audible sigh of relief. “Then I guess we should get busy with our training. Last chance for it.”
“Okay.”
The deck of cards emerged and we started the now familiar routine.
About an hour into the proceedings and with me not missing a single predication via peripheral vision, I felt the practice to start becoming a little redundant. Regardless Benny gathered up the cards for another round. And another.
Eventually we were interrupted by the phone ringing. Benny stood with a grunt of annoyance and moved to answer it at a side table.
“Yes?” he barked into the receiver. The unheard response turned his expression to concern. “Brent? Are you okay…?” He paused as more was said, then turned to me and gestured towards the kitchen, signalling for me to listen in on the other line.
I stood and did as he asked, hurrying into the kitchen and grabbing up the receiver.
“…deliver on time,” I heard Brent croaking, “They say if you’re late they’ll kill me.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll deliver on time,” Benny replied, “Tell them we’ll deliver on time.”
“Saturday. 8pm.”
“Saturday?!” Benny snarled, “Sunday, Brent! Sunday morning!”
Benny’s anger was misplaced, as though it were his brother making the demands. 
“Date’s changed,” Brent muttered, his breath hissing against the receiver, “Saturday. 8pm. Valhalla Hotel. Same room as before.”
“But…” I could visualise Benny raking his fingers back through his hair. “Yes, fine.”
“Be on time, Benny. Or they’ll kill me. They…” he stammered, his voice cracking as he fought back tears, “…they knocked my damn teeth out. And broke my fingers. Two of them. I’m pissing blood. I think…”
“It’ll be fine, Brent.” Benny’s voice switched gears to a soothing tone. The speed at which the man could change moods was astonishing. “You’ll be fine. Just stay strong. I’ll get you out of this. Okay?”
A pause, more hissing of Brent’s breathing against the receiver. There was something unnatural about the breathing. My guess was his nose was broken.
“I’m sorry,” Brent whispered at last. “I’m sorry, brother, about everything… I’m sorry.” Now he was crying. My stomach tightened; the whole affair was becoming all too real. “I’m sorry…”
“You just relax,” Benny declared, “Just stay strong. Jet’s here, he’ll make everything right. We’ve been training.”
The line went dead. I hung up the receiver.
When I returned to the living room Benny had taken his seat. The expression on his face was distracted annoyance.
I stood mute; feeling as if something should be said, but not sure what. Benny spoke first.
“Looks like Brent finally got what was coming, huh?” he said. But not even he could produce a convincing smile at that moment.
“Uh huh,” I agreed. I felt compelled to play along with the farce in some feeble act of mercy, and returned an equally uncommitted grin.
“Maybe not really what I expected,” he continued, forcing a chuckle, “But as I said, Logical Prediction isn’t an exact science.”
“Right, you did say that,” I agreed, letting my gaze drop to the floor.
“See the magic just below the surface…”
The deeper reality of the situation sunk in. I recalled that Benny had requested, no demanded that his brother face the loan sharks alone. This had been what I assume Benny felt was a brotherly act of “tough love”; an attempt to make Brent take responsibility for his actions. Or perhaps even just a bit of revenge for years of Brent’s annoying behaviour. But it seemed that things had gone differently from how Benny expected. My guess was that Logical Prediction had not foretold the part about Brent being beaten, tortured and potentially murdered. A little miscalculation on Benny’s part.
I sat and the practicing continued on until early hours of the morning. My new coffee habit was already paying off.
Throughout the whole procedure Benny remained almost mute. The words he did speak were limited to “Well done”, “Good job” and such similar phrases, all of which were both unnecessary and uncommitted.
By 2am the fatigue was unbearable. But Benny continued regardless, gathering up the cards and continuing to deal hand after hand. My accuracy never faltered.
As the clock inched towards 3am I had made up my mind to declare myself officially incapable of continuing, despite how compelled I felt to show dedication to the cause. But Benny’s face required I build up a bit of courage before speaking.
“I think we should call it a night,” I said.
“Another round,” he declared, not looking up from the cards.
“Benny. I’m exhausted.”
“Another round!” The words emerged in a bark that shattered the silent ambience, loud enough to make me jump in my seat.
A moment later his expression melted into one of embarrassment and he placed down the cards.
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t sweat it.”
“No really, I’m sorry, Jet.” He met my gaze, making apparent the dark rings under his eyes. “About all of this… bullshit.”
I took a moment to consider my response.
It had occurred to me that the situation had been thrust upon me, rather than being a choice. And yes, it had occurred to me that Benny had never officially acknowledged my decision to unquestioningly be involved. But it did seem rather silly to start discussing this at that particular moment. After all, I had passed the point of no return at least ten miles ago.
“It’s fine,” I said eventually. He nodded in response. “And don’t worry. Really I think at this point I could do it with my eyes closed. And I mean that almost literally.”
“Okay. Thanks, Jet.”
“Sure.”
“You know, I care for him. He is my brother.”
“I know, Benny.”
“It may not always seem so, but I do. He’s an asshole sometimes but he’s my little brother. You know?”
“I know.”
We sat in silence for a few moments more. Then both stood and headed for bed without another word.
  
* * *

 I awoke the next day with the sun already high in the sky.
 My first thought was that I could really use a cup of coffee. This was amazing, not because it was different from my usual waking thoughts, but rather that the coffee I craved was that made in my new grinder. And if it was not already clear I did not much care for the taste.
 Regardless I climbed from bed and headed to the kitchen, not surprised to find Benny already awake, prepared and waiting at the kitchen counter, despite there being at least a few hours until we were due to leave.
“I’m craving coffee,” I muttered, my brain still 70% asleep.
“That’ll happen,” he replied, “It’s a sure sign that your Primary Crutch has taken root.”
“I don’t even like the taste.”
“Better start learning.”
I poured a cup of beans into the grinder and got busy with the process, letting out a monstrous yawn as I did so.
“Did you sleep well?”
“Yes.”
“Good. I got a call from The Witch.” He said the words neutral, not looking up. My hand paused in mid motion.
“And?”
“She said some things. Nothing of importance.”
“Yes?”
“She asked if I had taken you in to the Department to be registered as a person of an exceptional Spirit Level.”
“That’s all?”
“No.” He turned to look at me. “She told me to tell you not to disappoint her.”
It sounded like something Selena would say; cryptic and completely unspecific. But… “What does that mean?”
“You tell me, Jet.”
It was too close. Too near to be a coincidence. Or was it? “Shit, Benny…”
“Right. Shit. But it doesn’t mean anything.”
“It doesn’t mean anything? I’m not so sure…”
“It’s too late. We’re doing this. It’s in a couple of hours.” His words verged on a threat.
Selena’s words had not been a direct accusation, but enough to make my hair stand on end. I had the feeling that even if it had been a direct accusation Benny would have insisted.
“Make your coffee,” he muttered, “We’re heading out just now.”
“It’s a bit early.”
“We’ll mingle with the crowd. It’ll help if you get to know them a bit. Now get moving.”
I did as I was told, grinding up my beans till they were a powder and pouring them into a mug. The flavour had not improved. Even after the fourth spoon of sugar.
Soon after we left for our poker game.
We arrived outside The Marlon in about an hour, a swanky ultra luxury hotel that made me grateful for the clothes Selena had purchased. Now at least I might be mistaken for someone who could afford an establishment that probably served its meals on literal silver platters. Coincidently the store at which I had bought my coffee grinder was not too far away.
Benny pulled into one of the many parking bays and cut the engine. At our flanks, both left and right, stood vehicles so extravagant in design that I felt an urge to address them as “sir”.
“Okay,” Benny said, turning to me in his seat, “I’ll go in first. Follow in about ten minutes. Remember, we don’t know each other. Don’t even look at me.”
“Obviously.”
“Your name is Middleton. Say it.”
“Middleton.”
“Good. Don’t screw around, Jet. Just do what you have to do, then excuse yourself and leave. No need to mess around. We need ten thousand, that’s all.”
“I’ve got it.”
There was a pause as he wiped away a bead of sweat from his forehead.
“Look, I’m sure this will all go swimmingly. But we need a back-up plan. If anything goes wrong, just let me do the talking. Okay?”
“That’s the back-up plan?”
“Just…” he fought with words, “Nothing will go wrong. Let’s just get this done. In and out.”
“In and out.”
“Penthouse. Top floor. Tell the doorman Benny sent you. Good luck.”
He drew a wad of money from his jacket, handed it to me, then climbed out the car and headed for the hotel, leaving me alone with the distant sounds of city traffic.
After ten minutes in which I tried to calm the sinking pit in my stomach, I climbed from the car and faced the hotel.
The exterior of the building, comprised almost entirely of glittering glass, stretched so far up into the sky that I could not tilt my head back far enough to see the top.
I headed across the parking lot and towards the entrance. Directly ahead, surrounded by spurting fountains, an enormous stone sculpture depicted some bizarre form of abstract art.
The doorman saw me approaching and performed his sacred duty with a professionalism that one could only admire.
I stopped and addressed him, drawing upon my most pompous tone for authenticity. “Excuse me, my good man.”
“Yes, sir?”
“Benny sent me.”
“Ah. Mister Middleton?”
“Indeed yes.”
“The elevator is across the lobby, sir. Take it up to the top floor.”
“Very good.”
I entered into the lobby and headed for the elevator, being assaulted by a wave of cool air-conditioned comfort as I proceeded. To my right, the porcelain receptionist smiled as I passed by. I smiled back, feeling self-conscious at the hearty clicking my shoes were drawing from the tiled floor.
I rode the elevator, roughly twice the size of my room in my mother’s house, until it pinged me onto the top floor.
The doors slid open and revealed a long carpeted corridor, at the end of which was an enormous set of wooden doors. I approached them, each step further sinking the already bottomless pit in my stomach.
With one last shuddering breath, I pushed open the doors and entered.
Inside surrounded by all the expected luxuries, four men sat around a broad circular table. Behind them, standing with arms crossed, was Benny.
“Mister Middleton has arrived,” he announced.
The four men looked up.
My first impression was that each had dressed suitably for the occasion, with not one being fitted in a designer outfit worth less than a small country. Gold watches sparkled, silver rings shone, and overly blatant labels declared the authenticity of ludicrously priced garments.
“Ah! Mister Middleton. So the mysterious stranger arrives!” These words came from an early fifties man at the far side of the table, a cigar held in one hand and drink in the other. His main feature was a stylishly greying moustache that seemed to have been stolen from a vintage movie. “Do please join us.”
He gestured towards an empty chair and I slipped into it, finding myself situated between an enormously overweight, completely bald man to my left, and a gentleman whose white eyebrows were in stark contrast to his thick crop of black hair.
“Name’s Chapman,” the moustached host said, grinning to reveal a set of impossibly white teeth, “So pleased to make your acquaintance.”
“Likewise,” I replied, adopting a cheerful tone, “Glad I could be present.”
“Bruno,” the large man on my left growled. We shook hands, mine being lost in his massive palm. Something told me he spent less of his time smiling than a person in solitary confinement.
 The man to the left of Bruno, the fourth in the group and clearly the youngest, stood and offered his hand.
 “Conrad Higgins,” he declared. His smile was bright enough to rival those delivered by Linda.
“And call me Dennis,” said the man to my right.
“That’s everyone introduced,” Chapman continued, “Drink?”
“A coffee if you have.”
“Of course.”
He stepped over to a drinks table.
Step one; create a betting friendly environment.
I drew on my positive energy and eased it out, not wanting to overdo the effect before the card playing got started.
“What line of business you in, Middleton?” This came from Conrad. The smile was starting to remind me of the tail feathers of a peacock.
“Uh…” my brain did a few flips as I kicked myself for not preparing an answer in advance. “I’m in…. retail.”
“Really? What kind of retail?”
“Internet…” It sounded feasible. I pounced on it, “Internet retail. Online stores, a chain of them.”
“Ah.” This seemed to impress and he nodded in appreciation, “E-commerce. Good money online, make no mistake.”
I got the impression he would have answered similarly no matter what business I had been in.
“Indeed,” I agreed, “Way of the future.”
“Way of the future? What bollocks,” Dennis jumped in, “People are more reluctant than ever to dish out their credit card details in unsecured environments.”
“Oh please,” Conrad countered, “Unsecured? The internet is statistically more secure than a trip to the store. Isn’t that right, Middleton?”
“Quite right,” I agreed, considering this to probably be true, “And you can bet your life that anyone feeling secure enough to browse questionable pornography feels secure enough to make a purchase.”
There was a pause, all eyes turned in my direction. From the drinks table Chapman looked back over his shoulder.
It had been a gamble making a joke of that nature, but I had been eager to get my positive ambience up and running.
Thankfully after a few awkward moments there came a round of hearty chuckles. At least, everyone chuckled except Bruno.
“Look at much pornography then, Mister Middleton,” he commented dryly.
“Only when the wife is out,” I responded.
This carried the chuckles over into laughter. Bruno however, continued his resistance to being cheerful.
“Not really my cup of tea,” he said with a snort.
The comment acted as a wet towel on the mood, draining away the laughter.
Somehow the bulky man seemed resistant to my spell. I cursed him and pushed out a touch more Spirit, making him the focus of my efforts.
“A coffee for you, Middleton,” Chapman said, placing a cup in front of me.
“Thank you.”
“Well then, gentleman,” he declared, taking his seat and looking at us each in turn, “We all know why we’re here, so let’s not beat about the bush.”
“Hear, hear,” Conrad barked, “Let’s play some damned poker.”
“In a moment,” Chapman continued, “We’re all familiar with them, but let me run the rules past our newcomer.” He focused on me. “Works like this, Middleton; cash up front, no loans, no borrowing and no stalling. We play for keeps and we play fair. Five thousand buy in, let’s see your cash.”
I reached into my jacket and drew out the wad of money.
Chapman accepted it, flipped through it, and nodded. “Good. Now secondly, no funny business! The man standing behind me is Mister Kingston. He’s an Enforcer and he’ll be watching the whole affair. If he gets even the slightest idea you’re up to something magical, you’re in trouble.” Chapman swivelled in his seat to look at Benny. “Isn’t that right, Kingston?”
“That’s right,” Benny confirmed.
The mood was turning back to one of tension. I put out more Spirit.
“Yes, understood,” I agreed, “No funny business or that guy… what? Kicks my ass?”
“No, he breaks your knees,” Chapman replied, staring at me with a gaze of icy steel.
It was something probably repeated to every new player; a firm warning of no nonsense. Chapman’s delivery of the line was so deadly genuine and committed to menace that I felt my stomach drop, regardless of the fact that I guessed Benny incapable of knee breaking.
There was a drawn out silence, one in which I was supposed to squirm in discomfort. I took the opportunity to burst into laughter, shattering the building tension.
“Shit, Chapman,” I gasped, pleased to see that Conrad and Dennis had joined in my laughter, “Could you be any more dramatic? I mean seriously, the only way that could have been more theatrical is if someone followed it up with three dramatic chords.”
This got Chapman to join in, until soon the spell took hold completely and had everyone roaring till tears streamed down their faces.
All, except Bruno.
“Can we possibly get started,” he muttered, “I don’t have all day.”
The laughter died down.
“Hey, lighten up,” Conrad said to him, wiping tears from his cheeks, “A stick that far up an ass could cause infection.”
“No, he’s right,” Chapman interjected, “Let’s get the game started, shall we?”
There was general agreement and the coloured chips were swiftly counted and shared out. Cards followed soon after, and with spirits still high, we played our first hand.
About an hour later and a dozen hands, I was ready to start playing for real.
Chapman turned out to be a flawlessly good player, with incredible bluffing ability and an astonishing grasp of the game. He was, if I were to guess, a professional by every means of the word.
Conrad, on the other hand, turned out to be all bark and no bite. He made a show of every bet, managed to fluff every chance of making the best of a good hand, and all the while attempted to create a façade of expertise. My guess was that poker was very new to him.
Dennis, choosing to engage less in the jovial conversation, was someone who took the game very seriously. All his decisions were by predetermined rules, probably having been learned from books or similar sources. All in all, he was a good player.
It was Bruno that had me anxious. Everyone else had been taken by the spell, betting freely, enjoying the game and making every effort to be a part of the entertainment factor of the event.  Not Bruno. No matter how much positive Spirit I pushed in his direction, he resisted the effect, keeping a frown of concentration on his face and firm grip on his money.
It soon began to occur to me that he had been for some kind of defence training. Not just any kind; good training.
Eventually with the time drawing on and an ever increasing look of tension on Benny’s face, I decided I would make my move, Bruno participating or not.
Step two; build up a big pot.
After ten more minutes I drew a hand with which I could work, three aces, and moved in for the kill.
“Hey,” I said, flashing my most award winning smile of challenge, “Let’s get serious here you pussies.”
My initial bet was five hundred, at least twice the biggest so far. The bold move got a satisfactory round of applause from Chapman and Conrad.
Bruno glanced at his cards then called hesitantly. That was five hundred profit.
As expected Conrad called without flinching. As did Chapman, and Dennis.
Two thousand.
The ball was rolling.
My hand was certainly not unbeatable, and now it was time to thin the herd.
“Okay, now we’re playing some damned poker!” I exclaimed. “Who’s got the balls to go all the way, huh?”
I added a bet of one thousand. Reckless, but my feeling was that the spell was deep enough to hold at least one player.
I got another round of applause.
Bruno folded with a disgruntled sneer. “I pray the game will not be dominated by such tactless bravado.”
The remark drew nervous chuckles, but on cue Conrad called.
“We’ll see who’s got balls, Middleton,” he said to me with a grin.
“What about you?” I said to Chapman, riding the train of manly challenge, “Where’s your balls, hombre?”
He grinned, his brain trying to remind him that it was a stupid situation, but the spell won him over and he called.
Dennis whistled then threw in his cards, “Too rich for me, gentleman.”
It was a good enough pot. Hell, it was almost half of what we needed. As to how much higher I would go now depended on what Conrad and Chapman held in their hands.
I slipped into Conrad’s mind, hours of practice with Benny paying off, and identified he held a pair of sixes.
Chapman fared better, with two fives and two jacks, but both were looking at disappointment.
So either way, I was a winner. There was no harm in pushing the pot even higher. Too much, however, and suspicion would be raised.
Decisions, decisions.
I took a moment and weighed up the situation. Naturally I was eager to get the thing done and be on my way. A clock was ticking after all, and Brent’s life was hanging on the line. A life that was built squarely on the decisions I made in these moments.
But then again, if I took my time it seemed quite possible to walk out the door with thirty thousand profit in my pocket, easily. And let me tell you, twenty thousand extra was no joke to an unemployed homeless person.
The wheels chugged in my head.
Never again never again. 
Linda’s maniacal face was looking at me with unchained delight; completely satisfied with working her fingers to the bone. Claudia was huddled in the corner, pulling her blouse tight around her shoulders and attempting to hide exposed breasts.
“Kill me,” Clinton’s voice said, “I don’t want to be like this anymore.”
Finally, with cards held in hand, I raised my head to look around the table. It was the sight that met my eyes which was the final decision maker.
From left to right, Conrad, Chapman and Dennis, the three men were staring at me with bated breath, awaiting my decision to either bet or call, as if in anticipation of the final twist in a “cliff-hanger” film. Only now was the full effect of my spell occurring to me. These men were, for lack of a better term, hypnotised; engrossed in the game to an astonishing level. Only Bruno still showed signs of resistance, but I could get by without having his share of the chips.
My eyes flicked down to Chapman’s gold watch, to Conrad’s silver ring and then to the pile of coloured chips in the centre of the table. 
“When you walk into a place like that you’re announcing that you are ready to lose money. If you want to hang on to your money, don’t venture into such places. It’s as easy as that. We just capitalised on a situation those men had all willingly put themselves into.”
The decision was made.
I moved a hand to reach for betting chips and felt like the star of the smallest, most engrossing, one-man theatrical production on Earth, being watched with such intense concentration that you might think I were an exotic dancer.
Concluding that I would go for everything it was possible to get, I took two thousand worth of chips and threw them into the pot.
The reaction was immediate, causing a roar of cheers to go up like I had just scored the winning goal for a championship game.
When the cheers died down focus turned to Conrad. He grinned, pleased to have the attention, and studied his cards for effect.
“You play a mean game of poker, Middleton,” he said, speaking as if his opinion were important. 
Then moving with slow deliberation, he called the bet. More cheers.
It seemed almost too easy. The mood I had created forbade him from folding. At least, it forbade him from folding if he wanted to be part of the entertainment.
Chapman’s turn; he too was grinning, now taking centre stage and liking the spotlight. He hesitated, chewing on the stubby cigar that still protruded from his teeth, and called the bet.
I did a quick calculation as the compulsory cheers went up. There was almost ten thousand in the pot. Not bad pay for an hour’s work.
“Okay, gentleman,” I declared, looking around at the beaming faces, “let’s see who’s going home a rich man today, shall we?” I waited; playing to the tension, and snapped my cards down on the table. “Who can beat three aces?”
The tension exploded like a grenade, with both Conrad and Chapman reacting in perfectly timed unison. They jumped up, snarled in defeat and basically did everything required to complete the most exciting hand of poker of their lives.
If they had paused to think for even a moment it might have occurred to them that they had just played the most poorly thought out hand of their lives. Magic was a wonderful thing.
Only after a minute of shouting, laughter and friendly back pats, did I realise that Bruno had finally succumbed to the Spell. He sat with head thrown back and hands planted on the table, barking the most uninhibited laughter I had ever seen. At last he was under my control.
The celebrations settled and Chapman began to gather up the cards for another round.
But Bruno continued to laugh, his body shuddering like a massive mound of jelly. He turned to me, eyes bulging and double chin jiggling merrily.
“Good game! Oh, good game,” he shouted, “What a show! Amazing! Simply astonishing!” He reached out and clapped a congratulatory hand on my shoulder, an action done with such enthusiasm I was nearly sent flying off my chair.
At first there were shared glances of amusement from the others, as if seeing a circus animal performing a rather peculiar act. But as Bruno went on laughing with no sign of abating, eyebrows began to rise.
It dawned on me what was happening.
Bruno’s mental defences had collapsed. And as water from behind a dam wall, the positive Spirit I had been pushing in his direction for the last hour had gone crashing through.
My stomach dropped. This was something I had not taken into consideration.
“Bruno, you okay?” Chapman asked, his expression now showing the first flickers of suspicion.
Bruno went on laughing.
Conrad was next. “Bruno, what the hell is wrong with you?” he spat.
The ambience spell was fracturing uncontrollably. My mind raced, grasping at some way of saving the situation. Involuntarily my gaze flicked over to Benny. He was staring back at me, eyes wide and jaw clenched.
There was a moment that seemed to hang in limbo. The penny was poised and ready to drop, hanging in mid-air and waiting for the cue.
Chapman’s head snapped round as he focused on Benny.
“Kingston, what the hell is going on?”
“What do you mean?” Benny responded, doing his best to play dumb.
“Well look at him, Kingston! He’s laughing like a lunatic! Three years I’ve played poker with this man and not so much a chuckle, now he looks as though he’s about to bust a gut. Is this, or is it not, magic?” But he did not wait for a response. His head snapped back, eyes now fixed firmly on me.
I could almost hear a shattering of glass as the spell broke. At about this time Conrad, Chapman and Dennis would have been wondering why they had been playing some of the worst poker of their lives.
“You!” Chapman snarled.
My mouth flapped. Game over. There was nothing I could I say or do. What had plan B been again…?
Benny stepped forward, but before he managed a word Conrad was jumping to his feet, a flashy silver pistol clutched in one hand. Where the weapon came from I had not seen, but needless to say Conrad was the kind of person to own a gun.
“That’s not called for,” Dennis said as he spotted the gun, “We don’t need any of that. Let’s not jump to conclusions, shall we?”
“This bastard was playing us!” Conrad roared back. Colour had risen to the young man’s cheeks, probably as much in anger as embarrassment, at having been manipulated and strung along like a wet nosed puppy. This was not the image of himself he wanted to portray, and rage, he assumed, was what would now return his reputation to one that demanded respect. “I’m putting a bullet in this shit’s head right now!”
“No, steady on,” Dennis retorted, standing and raising a restraining hand in Conrad’s direction, “We have no idea what’s going on just yet. Let’s think about this for a moment.”
It was all unfolding so fast. A clever or experienced man might have been loudly declaring his innocence, or better yet, projecting guilt onto someone else. But I can shamefully say I sat mute, watching the proceedings with my mouth clamped shut and heart hammering. I was speechless.
To my left, Bruno went on laughing.
The barrel of Conrad’s gun was suddenly against my head. “You slimy son of a bitch,” he barked, “How the hell did this happen?” His head swivelled towards the host. ‘Chapman!? How did this guy get in here?!”
It took Chapman a brief second to make the connection before he was on his feet and facing Benny. “Kingston! You tell me what is going on here right now…”
Benny did not hesitate. When he spoke, the words were as calm as if nothing at all were occurring.
“Now, let’s all just calm down gentlemen,” he announced, attempting a mass manipulation, “Something is obviously going on, and I will get to the bottom of it.”
But the efforts were futile. The three men’s building anger and embarrassment was no platform on which to force calm.
“Why didn’t you detect this in advance?” Chapman snapped, “What the hell am I paying you for?!”
“Look, these things happen sometimes,” Benny continued, “It’s possible that…” But Conrad cut him off.
“Shut up!” he was screaming the words into Bruno’s face. “Shut the hell up!”
But Bruno was not listening. White flecks of foam had started to form at the corners of his lips. The good humour had now drained from his laughter; it seemed to be more along the lines of some kind of violent seizure. The gun was smashed into his face in a blur of motion, knocking in the two front teeth. Still Bruno laughed, specks of blood being jetted across the table with each expulsion of air.
Conrad raised the gun and struck again, this time catching the bridge of Bruno’s nose and breaking it. The accompanying crunching sound made my stomach contract.
Finally with a third solid blow that landed on Bruno’s temple, the man was knocked from his chair and into a groggy state of semi-consciousness.
The laughing stopped. There was silence.
Dennis acted next, taking the blood-letting as his cue to beat a hasty retreat. He stood, swept his gambling chips into a jacket pocket with one fluid movement, and headed silently towards the door.
“Where the hell are you going!?” Conrad shouted after him, “No one goes anywhere until I know what the hell is going on!”
“I want no part of this.” Dennis called back, “What’s done is done. I bid you all farewell.”
With that Dennis opened the door, stepped out, and closed it behind him.
Conrad, annoyed that he had been disobeyed, turned his attention back to me; raising the gun, levelling the sights on my head and drawing back the hammer.
“Kiss your ass goodbye,” he sneered, executing his most committed imitation of a man more intimidating than himself, “No one screws around in my head and lives. You understand me?! You mind raping shit!”
“I think you’re acting a bit rashly,” Chapman spoke up, now starting to realise the possibility of a dead body in his penthouse.
But it was too late for that. The young man was in character and fully committed to the role, thinking it would be far better being remembered as a psychopath than a person who had been manipulated against his will.
“It… it wasn’t me,” I heard my own mumbling voice say, words delivered with as much conviction as a high school drama student.
All at once my Spirit was being called to arms, sensing that the situation was going from bad to worse.
“Put the gun down,” I heard Benny’s voice demand. “Put the gun down, now.”
I turned my head to look past the barrel of the gun and up into Conrad’s face. His expression, contorted into a mask of anger and humiliation, showed no sign of relenting.
It was time to act. My brain clicked over from one gear to the next, accepting the reality and realising that physical violence was now needed to escape the situation.
My mind, spurred into action by the new decision, threw up the image of a plan; marking the route of escape out the doors and down the elevator. Would there be people waiting for us downstairs, perhaps Enforcers? My guess was that Dennis had probably reported the activities. So by all means, I would be facing an entire army of Enforcers. Fighting them would be suicide. But at this point, there seemed to be no option. The money had to be delivered. Brent was counting on me.
Maybe I could surrender to them. Maybe there was some other way. Maybe Benny could do something… Maybe…
Act now, plan later. 
I began to draw up my Spirit for a bolt, intending on hitting Conrad square in the chest. If I was lucky, his finger would not contract and pull the trigger.
Then an enormous buzzing insect was sizzling past my face, missing my nose by inches and striking the gun. A shot went off. But the initial jolt of the blow had knocked the gun’s barrel off target and the bullet sailed past my ear. Still my eardrums sang under the assault of the deafening noise.
It took a moment for me to realise that the bolt had come from Benny, and taking this as a cue to act, I released my bolt straight into Conrad’s face. But I had acted in panic, not taking into account my new level of Spirit. The bolt received more energy than I intended and the result was something that stayed with me for the rest of my life.
Conrad’s head snapped back as if struck by a cannon ball, his neck breaking and face being smashed flat. Then in delayed slow motion, the rest of him caught up with the force being subjected to his head, resulting in his body rocketing backwards, limp arms flapping aimlessly. With a thump that rattled the chandeliers he collided with a wall and went crumpling to the ground.
I was still staring in mute horror at my actions when Chapman pulled his own pistol. I was told later that the weapon had come from a drawer in the drinks cabinet, but this was something I missed completely.
It was the shot being fired that caught my attention, and the sound of a second bullet whizzing past my head. But by the time I turned Benny was already reacting, delivering a thrusting punch to the back of Chapman’s head and sending the man slamming into the polished wooden floor.
The whole sequence, from the moment Conrad’s gun had fired, had taken no more than four seconds.
Then Benny was marching towards me. For a moment, perceiving the nature of his stride and expression of furious determination, I thought he intended on attacking me, giving me a slap for my failure to follow the plan. But instead he pulled me to my feet and spoke directly into my face, his voice muted as my ears still rang from the gunshots.
“Jet? Are you okay? Are you in control?”
I had no idea to what he was referring. Then remembered; loss of control equalled big boom.
“I’m fine,” I replied.
“Do not lose control,” he said firmly, “Understand? Do not lose control!”
“I won’t.”
“Good. Let’s get moving,” he said, talking as his hand already groped for the money on the table, “We’ve got maybe minutes before the Enforcers show up.”
But my eyes had drifted back to the pile of flesh and bone that had once been Conrad. As he now lay, he might have been mistaken for a life-size rag doll that had been cast carelessly into a corner.
I hadn’t meant it. I hadn’t meant it. I am not a murderer. I am not my grandmother’s blood.
“I think I killed him,” I heard myself saying.
“Move it, Jet!” Benny roared, “Take the money! Let’s go!”
The urgency in his voice spurred me into action. I jogged over to the table and grabbed two handfuls of banknotes, the money which had belonged to Chapman, and stuffed it into my pockets. The amount probably equalled upwards of five thousand.
I reached for Bruno’s money, but was already being pulled towards the door.
“Forget it, we’ve got enough. Let’s move!”
We exited the wooden doors at a run and passed through into the entrance corridor. I was somewhat relieved to note that no one had yet come to intervene, assuming that the hotel must have some kind of security.
But I was made to eat this relief as the elevator doors sprang open at our approach and two security guards stepped out.
They halted in their footsteps and stared at us. But before either even managed the words “stop right there”, Benny had fired off two perfectly aimed bolts in a heartbeat. There was a double impact, a sound similar to a pair of muffled gunshots, and the two men were flung to the ground.
We stepped over their unconscious bodies, into the elevator and Benny hit a button. The doors slid shut and we began our descent.
“Listen to me,” he said, pulling money from his pocket and counting it hastily, “If there are three or less Enforcers in that lobby we put them down. More than that and you let me do the talking. Okay? They might arrest you Jet, but I swear I will get you out of it.”
“Shit I’m sorry, Benny,” I groaned, “I screwed it up. I didn’t realise…”
“Forget that!” he snapped, “Focus! If there are three or less, we take them out. Get me?!” I nodded. “Good! It will mean a world of shit, but I can try and talk my way out of it later. But we will not beat more than three. They will tear us apart, Jet. Literally.”
“Okay.”
“Now get ready. Act first, act fast. Do not hesitate.”
“Right.”
My eyes flicked up to the floor counter. Five, four, three…
My Spirit, already crackling on my body, intensified as my heart began to pound.
…Two, one, ping.
CHAPTER 18
The doors opened and the lobby was revealed; deserted. There had obviously been a call to evacuate the building.
“Move! Quick!”
We ran, sprinting through the lobby, out through the main doors and into the parking lot. To my left, I caught a glimpse of a huddle of hotel staff and guests moving quickly away around the side of the building.
Benny’s car came into sight and we headed towards it. And, as my hand closed around the car’s door handle, I dared to tell myself we would get away. We would get away and all would be well…
Benny fumbled for the car keys in his pocket.
“We’ll go straight to the Valhalla Hotel,” he said breathlessly, “Make the payment and be done with this whole shitty affair.” A quick glance at his watch, “We still have time.”
And that’s when I heard the voice.
“Mister Kingston. Mister Clarence.”
I should have recognised the accent immediately, but did not.
I turned, my eyes searching for the source of the voice in the sea of parked vehicles, and finally they rested on a shape standing about thirty meters away. It was Selena, dressed in casual clothing, arms folded across her body. My blood congested.
Beside me, Benny froze and I heard a sound escape him somewhere between a yelp and a groan.
For a moment time seemed to have been gummed up with liquid tension, as if the very magnitude of the event were enough to halt the flow of the universe.
Selena stared, her face void of expression.
Then, slowly, she took a single step to the side, getting a better angle on us, and let her arms drop to her sides. She was preparing to fight.
“I can’t let you stop us!” Benny shouted, “You have to let us go, Selena! They have my brother, and they’ll kill him if I don’t deliver this money!”
But I knew her response long before she said it. Not one step beyond the law for Selena, it simply wasn’t in the predetermined lines of perfection.
“You are not going,” she responded.
There was another moment in which time seemed to freeze. Then all hell broke loose.
Benny acted first, drawing in a quick breath, gathering an enormous amount of Spirit, and releasing it with a roar of rage.
I stood rooted to the spot, my mind trying frantically to keep up with developments, and watched the bolt as it travelled streaking towards Selena.
She stood unmoving, not a flicker of emotion registering on her face. My expectation was that the massive bolt would floor her. But despite my understanding of what was possible, she batted the energy aside with a flick of her wrist, as a person might react to an annoying insect. There was a SNAP and the bolt was deflected, twisting off, colliding with a car. Metal crunched and buckled, the hood popped open and glass shattered into pebbles; the vehicle looked as though it had been in an invisible, head on collision.
I turned to look at Benny, my mouth gaping. But he was no longer beside me. He was already in mid charge, moving towards Selena with fists pumping at his sides. A return bolt from Selena, the size of a football, went flying over his shoulder and he flinched in reaction. But it missed, sailed past me and slammed into a hatchback, releasing enough force to smash the car rolling over onto its roof.
Benny threw the first punch; a round house hook that buzzed with energy. But Selena, it turned out, was more nimble than I would have guessed. She crouched, the blow went over her head, and she countered with an open palm thrust into Benny’s chest.
In other circumstances this wallop would probably not have staggered him. But when accompanied by a considerable amount of Selena’s immense Spirit, the result was explosive.
Benny let out a grunt at the impact and went half skidding, half staggering backwards. He would eventually have landed up on his back, were it not for the flashy, new-model car in his path. He crashed into it with enough force to explode the side windows, causing the vehicle to lift up onto two wheels for a moment. My impression was that he should have suffered broken bones. But the impact seemed to be absorbed and distributed into the car; by some method of Spirit manipulation with which I was not familiar.
Selena flicked her eyes towards me, seemed satisfied I was not moving, and returned her focus to Benny.
“You are under arrest, Mister Kingston,” she called out, walking towards him, “On suspicion of illegal use of magic. And misuse of your government given powers and privileges as a Junior Enforcer.”
Benny, teeth clenched, did not look intimidated. “You’re not an Enforcer anymore, Selena! Get the hell out of my way!” He swung his head over his shoulder to look at me. “Help me, Jet!”
I did not move. My feet were rooted to the spot as if bound by the strongest glue on Earth. Attacking Selena was a thought I could not comprehend.
Selena continued her approach, face still not showing sign that a battle was in progress. As she stepped into range Benny hopped forward and took another swing at her head. She ducked again, but the punch had been a ploy. With his other hand Benny released a burst of energy straight into her unprotected body at point blank range, a massive blast that was not so much a bolt as a raw, crackling wave of physical force.
Selena was caught by surprise. She raised her hands in defence, deflecting a portion of the intensity, but the brutal blast still flung her backwards. She was airborne for at least three seconds before succumbing to gravity, coming down seven meters from the initial impact. Her feet stumbled and she went to the ground, slamming onto her back and skidding to a stop. Again by a magical means I was not familiar with, the Spirit inflicted on her was distributed as her back struck the asphalt, causing a ring of cracks to shoot out in all directions.
Both Benny and Selena were trained in the redirection of Spirit in ways I had not thought possible. Apparently Spirit used in an aggressive manner was pliable even after its release, allowing for absorption and instant redistribution. This revelation would have interested and astounded me in other circumstances, but at that moment I could only stare in horror.
Selena shook her head, clearing cobwebs, then began to push herself back to her feet.
But Benny allowed no such gentlemanly courtesy. He took the opportunity, dashed forward and swept up one leg in a kick, aiming for her stomach. She saw it coming, gasped, and managed to raise a defensive hand. The blow was blocked and energy released in a BOOM that rolled off across the landscape like thunder. But the force of the strike still catapulted her body upwards off the ground. She rolled with the trajectory, pulled her legs up, and managed to land on her feet, displaying amazing grace that practically equalled that of her demon.
The first glimmer of anger and frustration now reflected on her face. She did not, it seemed, care much for breaking the basic unspoken rules of fighting. One of which must have been to not kick an opponent when they were down.
Benny hesitated, planning his next attack.
But Selena was now drawing up what I assumed must be her full Spirit. Her brow furrowed, lips parted to show snarling teeth, and the energy around her body spiked to incredible heights. Blue sparks popped in the air, accompanied by a dull buzzing like a swarm of angry insects. Then raising both hands, she aimed at Benny and prepared to release.
Seeing the attack before it happened Benny reacted, taking two clumsy steps backwards, then scrambling for cover behind a car.
But it was too late.
With a scream of rage the energy was released in a formless mass that travelled as if burdened under its own weight, tearing up the ground and creating vibrations that I could feel clear across the parking lot.
Benny, and the car which he had intended to hide behind, were both caught up in the torrent and sent spinning off into the air.
The vehicle completed at least a half dozen barrel rolls before smashing back to the ground in a shower of splintering glass, reaching a height of at least twelve feet at the peak of its flight.
Benny, managing to keep close to the ground, was dragged tumbling and rolling like a leaf in a stiff breeze, ten or fifteen meters before being deposited savagely into the side of a car. I heard his groan of pain and got a clear view of his head bouncing off the vehicle’s exterior.
When he finally came to a rest face down on the asphalt, I was certain he would not rise again. My mind was playing vivid images of my arrest and inevitable time spent in a Magical Detention Centre when, against my wildest expectations, he pushed himself back up onto his knees.
And on his knees he stayed; head bowed, a thin trickle of blood running from one temple.
Even Selena seemed surprised at his recovery, but took the bowed head and submissive posture as a sign of defeat.
“You will surrender to me,” she called out, then began approaching him at a slow walk, fragments of shattered asphalt being scattered by her feet with each step.
Benny did not respond.
“Surrender to me. The Enforcers have been notified and are on their way. They will escort you to the nearest Department of Magic,” she continued, “In accordance with official laws you will be given a fair trial that complies with regulations stated in government issued documents B17, paragraphs nine, ten and eleven. If you wish to review these documents then please notify your Enforcer and he will supply you with a copy.”
She was reading him his rights. Something probably repeated many times in her career as an Enforcer. But the words now held no real value. In fact, I was not even sure a person could legally surrender to her. Old habits died hard. Or perhaps old ethics remain engrained.
She neared Benny who remained motionless and with head still bowed, and stood beside him.
“Do you understand your rights, Mister Kingston?”
No response.
It occurred to me that an enormous cloud seemed to have drifted in front of the sun, casting an immense, gloomy shadow over the scene. A few metres away, the sports car Selena had flipped let out a metallic groan as it shifted position. It was getting colder.
Then I heard a voice nearby, distinctly that of a young girl.
Tee hee hee….
I thought nothing of it for a few seconds, but it was not long before I realised what had occurred. Benny had not bowed his head in defeat; he had been summoning his demon.
Selena made the same connection. Her head snapped up and eyes darted around.
“The summoning of a demon in a public place is forbidden, Mister Kingston! Laws clearly prohibit…”
But she was cut short. 
A crouched figure shot out from behind a car, sped past Selena, and back out of sight again, a movement so fast that my eyes barely registered anything at all had occurred. A moment later Selena was holding the back of her thigh and grimacing in pain. As far as sneaky guerrilla attacks went, this one deserved some kind of medal.
Selena turned on the spot trying to locate the demon, just in time to have the figure dart out again, from a completely new direction, shoot past, and disappear.
She let out a yelp of pain and grasped her knee. “Mister Kingston…!”
The words were lost. The demon came rocketing out at head height and flew past Selena’s shoulder, landing what must have been a fierce thump to the face. Selena staggered and blood ran from both nostrils.
The movement had been so blindingly fast that I had still not gotten a clear look at the creature. And furthermore, it was if somehow the demon always emerged from where my eyes were not looking, as if it knew where attention was focused.
Tee hee hee…
Selena was now starting to look flustered; turning on the spot, eyes scanning the surroundings. Beside her Benny remained motionless.
The demon swooped out once more.
There was a blur of movement practically invisible, and when I looked again Selena was standing with arm outstretched; holding the demon off the ground.
A little girl, perhaps eight or nine, seeming to be a normal child in almost every regard, despite the fact she was dressed in retro clothing that had gone out of fashion thirty years ago; frilly blue dress, buckled black shoes, and even a red hair ribbon. The only thing that might throw you off was the fact that this little girl had the most manic, abnormally large smile you would ever see, large enough to be in the realm of the impossible. Her face was by all means a caricature of the little girl that had insulted Benny in his youth. This was what he remembered most.
The demon snarled and thrashed in Selena’s grasp, grinning happily as it did so. In response Selena stooped and slammed the creature into the ground. Once, twice, three times, each effort widening a spider web pattern on the asphalt. She raised her arm for a fourth, but the demon was not about to be beaten without a fight. It swung up its body, locked its legs around Selena’s shoulder and spun sideways, achieving a result that was impossible in any logical realm of physics.
Selena was swept up into an involuntary cartwheel and brought thudding down into the ground, her ribs and hip taking the impact. She yelped as the air was driven from her body, and from the way she released her grip on the demon and grasped her side I guessed something had been broken. The demon skittered back off into the parking lot.
Benny was now back on his feet, swaying but managing to stay erect. He looked down at Selena with a sneer of grim determination. She was gasping for air, helpless.
“Miss Stephania,” he declared loudly, wiping the blood off his face with the back of a hand, “I am placing you under arrest. It seems you’ve broken…. a number of laws; robbery, murder, attacking an Enforcer. You are to surrender yourself to me and be escorted to the nearest Department of Magic offices. Is this understood?”
This was ludicrous. Framing Selena was basically impossible. The doorman and reception desk had seen Benny and I arrive. Not to mention that Dennis and Chapman would be called as witnesses. But something gave me the feeling that it was not impossible for Benny to make it all go away. How; I had no idea. But I trusted it could be done.
“Just stay down,” he continued, “stay down and let me go, Selena. My brother’s life is at stake here! Can’t you see I have no choice?!”
“No,” she responded with an angry snort, eyes flicking in my direction. I imagined it was a call for help, and part of me desperately wanted to.
But really, it was me who was the murderer. Assisting Selena was working against Benny. And working against Benny was working towards capture and arrest. And as a by-product, it meant the death of Brent. This reality struck home with full force and I realised something that made me hate myself; I was glowing with relief at Selena’s defeat.
Benny was silent for a moment, thinking. Then having reached a conclusion, he knelt and spoke into her face.
“Selena,” he said, exasperation making itself evident, “You’re not an Enforcer anymore. This has nothing to do with you; just let it go. We don’t need to do this.”
She glared back at him, teeth bared. “The world is not your playground,” she spat, “You may not do as you please at the expense of those around you. You will surrender to me and report to the…”
“Shit, Selena.” He cut her off, then turned and shouted into the parking lot; “Here!” and the little girl came trotting out, still smiling like it was Christmas day.
“I’m telling you one more time,” he said to Selena, “Let it go and forget the whole thing. Just forget the rules for once in your life!”
“No.”
He stared at her, then raised a hand to the demon and it prepared to attack.
I was suddenly stepping forward as if waking from a dream. “Benny!”
He whipped his head round to look at me. “Wait!”
And before I knew what was happening Selena seized the distraction. She focused her attention on the demon, eyes squinting in concentration, and had control in less than two seconds.
My guess was that if Benny had maintained more stable control this would not have been possible. 
Selena, the crafty little devil, had been aware of the deteriorating situation and leapt at the opportunity. And it had not required her witnessing him at 3am with a bad case of the shakes, struggling to roll a cigarette. Logical Prediction? Perhaps. Or maybe she just understood Benny’s character. But then I kind of got the idea that was the point of the spell.
Benny’s head swung back and he recognised the now smug look of satisfaction on Selena’s face. All too late.
“Restrain him,” Selena snarled.
The demon moved to obey; its maddening smile now more pleased than ever.
There was a burst of motion, a swishing sound, and Benny was lurching forward and executing a clumsy front somersault, something that might have been impressive if it had not ended with him landing flat on his back.
The demon was gone again.
Tee hee hee…
In an instant Benny sprang back to his feet, head whipping around as he attempted to locate the source of the giggling. But it became apparent that when faced with his demon he was not in his best mind. The shaking started, as it had that night in the apartment, soon followed by wide eyes and sweating.
Tee hee hee…
The sound came from somewhere off to the right. Benny spun and fired off a frantic bolt. Of course, there was nothing there and he succeeded only in blowing the roof of a car off.
Tee hee hee…
This time from behind him; again he twirled and fired, again shooting blind and hitting nothing.
Tee hee hee…
Again.
Tee hee hee…
And again.
“There’s nothing there!” I yelled.
But he was not listening.
Tee hee hee…
The final bolt hit a tour bus, buckling it like tinfoil and exploding the windows.
And all at once Benny had spent his Spirit. He teetered for a moment then dropped to his hands and knees, exhausted.
A second later the demon came trotting out and gave him a gleeful shove, sending him flopping onto his back. It leered at him, apparently a declaration of victory, and sat heavily on his chest.
“Good girl,” Selena said.
The demon beamed in pride.
From nearby came the unmistakable wail of sirens.
The Enforcers were coming; like an approaching conclusion to some fantastical story, one that should never have happened to me.
But even as the sirens drew nearer, my Spirit grew stronger, urging me to act.
Selena was now slowly pushing herself to her feet with grimaces of pain.
“They will be here shortly,” she said to Benny, “Remain still.”
But he was too weak to even consider putting up resistance. Instead he turned his head to look at me. Then, drawing in a deep breath, he screamed the words that ignited my resolve.
“It’s too late to turn back!”
I drew Spirit up into my hands and focused on Selena, her back towards me. She had forgotten I was present, not considering me a threat or perhaps not thinking me capable of a fight.
She had been wrong.
I started forward at a run, ever more Spirit making itself available in a flowing, swirling electrical fog. An instant before the punch made contact Selena turned, her expression one of disbelief. Then she was arching backwards through the air, the release of energy sounding a savage BOOM that imploded nearby windows and managed to set off one car’s alarm. The blaring, repetitive tune mingled with the sirens in a shrill symphony.
I didn’t waste a second. The sirens were nearer still, and as it stood I was already doubtful I’d get Benny to the car in time.
I turned towards the demon where it still sat perched on Benny’s chest, and found it looking up at me in what passed for surprise in a life where only smiles existed. It opened its mouth, most likely to protest my actions by means of a giggle, but was interrupted by a world class kick; one that had the creature rocketing off like the world's biggest football.
“On your feet!” I roared at Benny, grabbing him under an arm and hoisting him into an upright position. He teetered unsteadily and supported himself on my shoulder, head hanging limp.
We started a fast walk in the direction of the car. Beside me Benny shuffled and stumbled along, threatening to collapse with every step.
The sirens grew louder, now identifiable from the direction of the parking lot’s entrance. The Enforcers had arrived.
“Move,” I urged, “Move! Move!”
Benny’s car was now visible ahead twenty metres away. I picked up the pace, pulling him along by the scruff of his jacket. He stumbled, fell to one knee and collapsed, body thudding into the asphalt like a sack of potatoes.
“Get up! Get up!”
The sirens were crossing the parking lot towards us. Red and blue lights declared that the Enforcers were on the scene.
I grabbed Benny by the jacket and lifted with all my might, his groans of effort those of a man in his eighties. He struggled back to a semi-standing position and, with heart hammering I proceeded to drag his dead weight to the car.
To my right a black van raced past our row of cars thirty metres up, the wailing siren following in its wake imitating a screeching demon. They were looking for us.
I left Benny leaning against the car, fumbled in his jacket pocket for the keys, found them, and flung open the passenger door.
“We can make it,” I told myself for the second time that day, “We can make it, just have to get the car moving, drive out slow, don’t draw suspicion, just a couple of guys checking out of a hotel.”
I shoved Benny into the seat, slammed the door and scrambled round to the drivers side.
“We can make it!”
With a quick glance I located Selena; still flat on her back where I had left her. It seemed unlikely that the punch had killed her, but either way, I was more than happy to see her not moving.
The driver’s side door popped open and I readied myself to slip into the seat.
That’s when the black van swung into our parking row, made a sharp turn and stopped, blocking the only exit.
The siren warbled once and ceased, leaving only the car alarm to accompany my apparent defeat.
I did not hesitate. My right hand pointed at the vehicle with index finger extended and I generated an orb, roughly the size of a small car. Into the orb I poured no more than one one-hundredth of my new resources. The orb was released.
As with Selena’s attack the vast amount of energy moved slowly, seemingly restricted by its own mass. This did not reduce the impact, and just moments before the bolt struck one of the van’s doors was flung open; the escape attempt of an Enforcer. But he was too late.
There was a BOOM so loud my ears were deafened for minutes after and, behaving as if caught in the path of an invisible locomotive, the van’s front end imploded, crunching and compressing inwards in a grind of metal on metal.
There was a second were I thought the purpose of the bolt had failed, but a moment later the entire vehicle was shunted backwards, its tyres letting out shrieks of protest.
Finally the van slammed into the row of cars behind it and came to a halt, leaving our path open.
Success.
I slipped into Benny’s car, started the engine and performed the worst three point turn in history, managing to clip a total of four other vehicles in my efforts. But my nose was pointed in the right direction and I let loose the clutch, flying up the row, sliding into a right turn and heading for the exit.
Moments before making the final turn out of the parking lot, a glance in the rear view mirror revealed that one of the Enforcers had managed to climb from the van. He seemed in poor health, holding his side and limping, but at least he was alive.
CHAPTER 19

I drove in a random direction at full speed for about ten minutes, my eyes shifting back to the rear view mirror again and again. I fully expected that another black van, or perhaps a fleet of black vans, would fall in behind and give chase. But none did.
As my heart slowed I eased up and turned into a quiet side road, wondering what my next course of action should be. Escaping law enforcement was not exactly my forte.
Beside me Benny was silent. He had slipped into his place of calm immediately after we had left the parking lot. 
After another five minutes of driving aimlessly I decided to pull up outside a small café, looking as casual as possible.
At last Benny’s eyes popped open and he looked around.
“Where are we?”
“Not sure,” I responded, “I just drove.”
He whipped his head around, but soon drew the same conclusion I had. “You weren’t followed.”
“I don’t think so.”
“What happened to the Enforcers?”
I hesitated. “Blasted them.”
“You blasted the Enforcers?”
“Yes.”
“I see.”
“What do we do now?”
He pulled money from his pockets, flipped through it again and looked at his watch. “There’s plenty of time. We make the trade. But first we swap cars.”
“Okay.”
“Did the Enforcers see your face?”
“I’m not sure. I don’t think so. But what does it matter, Selena saw both our faces.”
“Don’t worry about that.”
“Don’t worry?!”
“Trust me, don’t worry. I can deal with that later. Right now, we need to make this trade.”
“Fine. What do you mean swap cars?”
“You know what I mean.”
“Great. That’s who we are now? Petty thieves?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I think we passed the right to be indignant about theft an hour ago.”
Part of me knew he was right. It was ridiculous to start developing a conscience at this point. On my list of ever growing crimes I had; mind invasion, attempted rape, insurance fraud, cheating and even betrayal. Questioning the theft of a car now would be like a model who wore fur coats but righteously turned her nose up at a snake skin belt. Though, I still felt there was difference between ripping off wealthy gamblers and stealing the car of an average citizen. But perhaps that distinction existed only in my mind. And, after all, we had not just ripped them off. It had gone much further… I had…
I was cold.
An image returned to me with such jarring clarity I felt I had been struck in the face with a photograph. 
Conrad: that smug, violent little bastard; the Spirit orb hitting him in the head, squashing his nose flat and crushing his face. That alone would have been enough to haunt me. But his head had snapped back so far I was certain the rear of his skull had struck the area between his shoulder blades. And then his body had gone flying backwards, limp as a dead snake. A young man by my hand. I had killed him.
I hadn’t meant it I hadn’t meant I am not my grandmother’s blood I am not…
My hands were covering my face and my own voice sounded foreign. “Oh no! Oh shit! Oh no…”
“What?” I heard Benny say, voice ringing with concern, “What?! Do you need coffee?”
“I killed him! Oh no! Oh God! I killed him!”
Guilt and anxiety, thick and noxious as poisonous fumes, was crowding into my head from every angle. I wanted my painkillers, craved my painkillers. God why had I thrown them out of the window?
It was suddenly as clear as day. It was in my blood. Fran and Liza Clarence, my family, my blood, were murderers, thieves and manipulators. And I was one of them. I had stamped it on my soul, declared it in the clearest way possible; I was a Clarence. And a murderer.
“Hey! Hey! Look at me!” He tore my hands away and grabbed me by the chin, turning my head to look into his face. “You did what you had to do! Relax! Okay? Just, relax!”
I stared at him, seeing something that bordered on terror present in his expression. He was scared of me. Looking like a bomb disarming expert in the presence of an unstable explosive.
“It’s okay,” I muttered, pushing his hand away, “I’m fine.”
A glance around revealed that the windscreen and side windows had developed cracks where there had been none. Had I done that…? 
“He would have killed you,” Benny continued, “He was a snotty, arrogant little prick and he got what was coming to him. You know it and I know it.”
Yes, he may not have been the most likable character in the world; striking Bruno with a complete lack of emotion and exhibiting the charm of a high school bully. But that would surely not ease the pain his mother and family felt when learning of his death. Hell, he may have had a wife. Children?
“You don’t know that,” I replied, “You don’t know he deserved death.”
“Yes!” Benny snapped, “I do know that! And so do you! Shit happens, Jet! Every damn day shit happens! And if you sit around dwelling on it you’ll need more than a few cups of coffee to keep yourself sane. You get what I’m saying?”
Besides the fact that Benny was speaking from a fear of my losing control, I got what he was saying. The last thing my already unstable mind needed was a healthy dollop of guilt. I guess, when it came right down to it, all I had was the solace that my thoughts were my own.
He deserved it.
“He deserved it,” I said.
“That’s right. Say it again!”
“He deserved it.”
“Again!”
“He deserved it!”
“Good! And don’t you forget it.”
Calm descended over me. Another self imposed spell clanked into place. I was okay with it. Be it temporary or not, I was okay with being a murderer. Was this a good thing? Probably not. Another wall waiting to collapse. But even questioning the fact was a danger I could not afford.
“Welcome back,” Benny declared, “Now come on, we need a car.”
He popped open the passenger door and climbed out. I followed.
Directly ahead a car pulled up and a middle aged man climbed out, looking to be as close to the average person as you could hope for. He headed for the little cafe but stopped in his tracks upon seeing our car.
“Now how did that happen?” he asked curiously, noticing our cracked windows.
“Just a little mishap,” Benny responded, handing the man our car keys. “I think you’ll find it’s not too expensive a thing to sort out.”
“Okay,” the man replied. His eyebrows knitted together in confusion.
There was a pause. The two men made eye contact.
“Don’t forget my keys,” Benny added.
“Certainly. How silly of me.”
The man handed Benny his own keys, his expression saying that he was a little embarrassed at his own foolish misconduct.
“Alright, have a good day now,” Benny concluded with a smile, patting the man on the shoulder.
Benny gestured to me and we approached our new car; an old model that looked to be in well kept condition. We climbed in.
“What now?” I asked.
“Now we get my brother.”
He started the car and we pulled off, heading in the direction of the Valhalla Hotel.

* * *
 
We arrived to make the trade early, only to find the bald headed, business-suit wearing magic user from my previous visit waiting. As before, he wore the trademark sunglasses for which I had named him.
Benny pulled up to the curb across the road, eyeing Sunglasses with a frown.
“Is this guy our contact?” he asked.
“Yes. Met him last time. He’s their magic user.”
“I recognise him.”
“Really?”
“Yes. He’s wanted.”
“What for?”
“It doesn’t matter. Give me the money you took.”
I reached into my pockets, pulled out handfuls of crumpled bank notes and handed them to Benny. He started to count, creating piles of a thousand on his lap.
Across the road Sunglasses may or may not have been staring. He stood with hands linked in front of his body and waited. I stared back, finding myself wondering if the man was capable of fighting. If we had to get out in a hurry, it was he who would be stopping us.
“What’s he wanted for?” I repeated.
Benny glanced up. “You wondering if you could take him?”
“Yes. I guess.”
“Jet,” he hesitated, “I think I need to be perfectly honest with you about something right now.”
“Yes?”
“With that Spirit level of yours there are few people you could not take. You’re a walking hazard, buddy. I’m sorry this had to happen when it did, but when it’s all over with we need to get you into a proper training program.”
Wheels in my head turned, but the significance of what he was saying was yet to completely register.
“Maybe I should make the trade alone,” he added.
“No. I’ll be fine.”
“Your call.”
There was a pause as he counted out the ten thousand. A large stack still remained. ‘We made profit. You want it?’
I shook my head. “No.”
The response was automatic. I wanted nothing to do with that penthouse in any shape or form.
“As you wish.” He shoved the ten thousand into one pocket, the profit into another, then opened the car door. “Let’s get this done.”
Sunglasses watched us approach. As we drew near the expected warning buzz sounded.
“Got the money?” he asked.
“Yes,” Benny responded, patting his pocket.
“Good. Lift your arms.”
He frisked us and gestured towards the doors. We entered.
“Second floor. Same room, 219.”
We entered into the hotel with Sunglasses following close behind, and headed for the steps. To my right I noticed that even the reception desk was lacking its required clerk. Apparently the entire building was up for rent to the highest bidder.
As we proceeded up the steps I attempted to catch Benny’s eye, wondering if he would give me some kind of indication if he sensed danger. He gave me none and I assumed the situation to be under control.
“This is it, turn right,” Sunglasses said.
We obeyed, headed up the corridor and soon arrived at 219. Sunglasses leaned between us and knocked, then gestured for us to enter.
Again middle aged weary looking Pout sat waiting at the table, obviously finding comfort in routine. Above him the same glaring white bulb illuminated the scene and added a touch of mood to the proceedings. The two suited bodyguards were just visible in the shadows that blanketed the rear of the room. 
Sunglasses closed the door, nudged us further into the room and took up his position in front of the exit
Before speaking Pout raised his eyes to Sunglasses and received a nod in return; the signal that we had come with the money.
Pout pointed to the two unoccupied seats, we stepped forward and slid into them. 
“Money,” Pout said.
Benny shook his head.
“Where’s my bother?” he asked.
“Money!” Pout repeated, raising his voice.
Benny hesitated for a long moment, then took the ten thousand from his jacket pocket and slammed it down onto the table.
“My brother,” he repeated.
Pout reached out, fanned the money across the table and scrutinised it closely. He again looked at Sunglasses, again got a nod, and finally smiled.
“Thank you, gentleman,” he declared. “Brent Kingston will be with you shortly. I think you’ll find that his stay with us has not been at all as grim as you might imagine.”
Sunglasses took the cue and exited.
“Might I ask where you got the money?” Pout continued, his eyes flitting between us.
“We have our ways,” Benny replied, “You have your money. That’s all there is too it.”
“Yes, all is well that ends well.” His eyes settled on my face for a moment, looking for signs of emotion. I stared back.
Behind us the door opened again and we swivelled in our seats, just in time to see Brent shoved into the room. Sunglasses had him firmly by the scruff of his jacket.
I would have thought it was impossible for Brent to have looked worse than the previous time I had seen him. This was not the case. Benny grimaced at the sight.
“Jet… Benny…” Brent slurred. What remained of his mouth twitched in what must have been an attempt to smile, “You came brother…you came…”
“We’ll have you out of here in a minute,” Benny said.
“Thing is,” Pout cut in, drawing back our attention, “That large sums of money generally have a way of having to be from somewhere in particular. Money never comes from nowhere, especially an amount the sum of ten thousand. I had the most interesting phone call earlier today. Can you guess who it was from?”
I exchanged glances with Benny. Both of us could feel the atmosphere of the room changing; getting tighter, getting heavier. But this effect was not magical in nature; it was simply a realisation of the situation.
“It was from Morris Chapman,” Pout continued, “A good friend of mine and part investor in my company. And it seems he was robbed by two rather brazen men earlier. Two men who entered into his poker game, magically conned his guests and murdered young Conrad Higgins.”
The silence that followed was so heavy it could have crushed an egg.
Sunglasses pushed Brent forward till his thighs collided with the table, causing his body to double and torso to come slamming down.
“Now just wait, wait one second,” Benny said desperately.
From where I sat, his head turned towards me, Brent was looking into my face. At first his eyes were frantic; wide and panicking. But then calm descended. It was as if he received the answer to a question that had been bothering him for a very long time.
“You came back for me…” he said, “Because we’re partners.” 
He smiled. 
Then Sunglasses placed a gun to the back of Brent’s head and a flash burned a tattoo of light into my retinas.
My ears sang. And when my vision cleared Brent’s eyes were crossed at an unnatural angle, staring in what appeared to be fierce concentration at the end of his nose. It was five seconds before I realised that blood was seeping from the hole in the base of his skull.
My ears continued to sing.
To my right like images viewed through a sound proof window, Benny was screaming in an inaudible voice. I did not react. Even as he was struck a fierce backhand from Sunglasses that sent him sprawling, I still only stared, the world muted and surreal.
Hands grabbed me, those I assume to be of one of Pout’s henchmen, and I was pulled unresisting from my seat and thrown to the ground. Part of me was aware that I had perhaps a few seconds of life remaining; the rest of me was beyond caring.
I lay flat on my stomach, head turned to look at the wall and the feel of the rough carpet beneath my cheek. A dull boom and trembling in the ground told me that Benny was fighting back, doing his best to reap some kind of vengeance for his brother. But with his Spirit level still low I didn’t favour his odds. Especially since against firearms magic was of very little use.
There came the pop of a second gunshot and I assumed Benny had been killed. I was to be next.
I waited, wondering if I’d feel the barrel of the gun against the back of my head, wondering what it might feel like to have a bullet in the brain.
And wondering who was left that would miss me, because at that moment I could think of no one.
It seemed right. Death on the floor of a filthy hotel. My bloodstain adding to the story of this living cliché building. And that would be my story. Son of a criminal, blood of a murderer, cut down by a bullet after clawing eagerly at easy money. Live as a Clarence, die as Clarence. 
Clinton would miss me. At least that I knew for sure. Without me he was doomed. And for that I had regret.
For all intents and purposes these were the last thoughts of my life. And they were regret for a man who I had loathed not a few days prior.
Sure, if you had given me more time I would probably have included my betrayal and subsequent attack of Selena in the regret department, but right then I wished only that Clinton find some way of escaping.
What a shame…
Then Benny was thrown to the floor beside me, his face swollen and bloodied from the fight I had missed.
He was looking at me with eyes wide and panicked, a replica of his brother a few moments prior.
And he was saying something. His mouth forming words I couldn’t hear; partly because my ears were still ringing, partly because my brain was still not making an effort to understand.
He repeated the phrase; a matter of urgency judging from the insistent expression; once, twice. Still I didn’t understand.
A gun entered my field of vision and was placed to the back of his head. 
One more time his lips slowly, deliberately formed the words. And now I heard him.
“Summon your demon, Jet, summon your demon…”
Summon my demon. Right. The most I could hope for was that it would suck the life out of me and spare the mess of a bullet.
It was then that I realised for the first time I could see my reflection just past the top of Benny’s head.
A full length mirror on the wall was revealing the scene; giving a view of Sunglasses bent over with gun in hand, and behind him Pout watching on as Brent’s corpse still lay fresh on the table.
But my eyes drifted back to my own reflection. There I was, face down on the floor and about to watch the second person I could call friend be shot in the back of the head.
“Summon your demon, Jet, summon your demon…”
No. I would not let this man die. He was not my mother, he was not my grandmother, and he did not deserve it. But these men, these killers and thieves who had shot Brent for a measly ten thousand, they deserved it. Of this I had no doubts. There were no blurred lines here, they deserved to die.
I focused on my own reflected face and stared into the dark ringed eyes. Since when did I have such a thick beard? Who was that person staring back at me? Where was Jet Clarence? Who is Jet Clarence?
Who am I if not me…? My reflection asked
“Jet Clarence,” I replied, “is a man who would not let his friend get killed while he watched on, a mute fool.”
And I knew that also to be true.
I summoned my demon.
Around me the room seemed to be getting darker, as if a film had been placed over the light bulb.
Then I saw a second face was visible in the mirror, ghost-like over my own. It was not so much an optical illusion as realising it had always been there. At once my demon was in the mirror, lying where I had been, imitating my posture with its eyes gazing back at me.
 But if it was in the mirror then it must be…
“Kill them all,” I told it, “Kill them all…”
With its blue face expressionless the demon gave a short, shrill squawk in response, a sound that seemed to say, “Okay”.
There was a loud pop as another gunshot rang out and my eyes shifted back to Benny. His face was frozen, wide eyes staring. I was too late?
No, he blinked; still alive.
There were another two gunshots in quick succession.
I looked back into the mirror and realised Sunglasses was firing at my demon as it rose slowly from my own body, uncoiling itself up into the world; a grotesque flower growing in fast forward.
“Shoot it! Shoot it, for Pete’s sake!” That was Pout’s voice; frantic, horrified.
Sunglasses fired again and again. For the first time there was an expression on the man’s face; sheer terror.
The demon threw back its head and shrieked, then started to move forward. Sunglasses backed away.
I continued watching the events in the mirror. Beside me Benny had rolled onto his side, gazing up at the creature as it advanced across the room.
One of Pout’s henchmen dashed forward, perhaps thinking he would be rewarded for such bravery. It was the last thing the foolish man would ever do.
With a flick of its arm the demon tore the man’s stomach open, gaping, spilling his intestines in a bloody, glistening mess.
Then the screaming started and didn’t stop till the last man died.
The demon pounced on Pout and they both disappeared behind the table. I could not see what was done to the man, but from the inhuman sounds he managed my imagination filled in the blanks.
Sunglasses, for all his intimidation techniques and menacing exterior, collapsed into a shrieking madman, first firing his gun till it clicked, then cringing against the wall as my demon turned to face him. His head came off easily. The demon had to work a bit to get both arms out of their sockets.
The last henchman managed a few spluttering, tearful begs for mercy before he was silenced, being swiftly turned into a biology classroom’s show and tell for internal organs. I had not believed there was so much blood in the human body.
The room fell into silence, bar the crooning, purring sound that marked the breathing of my demon. It approached me, its posture timid, and crouched by my side looking for approval.
“Be silent,” I told it. Its mouth snapped shut and the purring sound ceased.
I expected that revulsion and horror would wash over me.
A part of my mind told me I should be screaming at the sight of such a horrific massacre.
But no feelings of horror penetrated, at least not then. I felt only contented satisfaction, a calm recognition that justice had been served; that for the sake of his brother, Brent had been avenged.
I hadn’t meant it. But that voice was softer now. Another, louder voice had taken its place. And it said; they deserved it. They deserved it. 
And so they did.
Beside me Benny gaped.
If anything, I told myself, Benny would have the reaction that I was supposed to. He would scream in horror, tear at his hair and wail blue murder, showing that between the two of us there was at least some grain of humane sanity.
“Can you control it?’” he asked, his voice trembling.
“Yes,” I replied.
“We need to go,” he declared, pushing himself to his feet. His Spirit level was once again low and the movements were pained. “Someone might have heard this. The Enforcers might be on their way.”
I watched as he stepped over to the table, his shoes squelched in the blood that was now soaking into the carpet, and retrieved the money, having to pull it free from under one of Brent’s arm. For a moment he paused, staring at the shattered head of the man he had once called brother. Then his body shook once, and for the briefest bizarre moment I thought he was laughing: Laughing as I had seen him do back at the apartment, with hands shaking and eyes bulging. But it became clear he was merely restraining the sobs.
“Let’s go, Jet,” he croaked, “Get up, we have to go.”
I rose to my feet and followed him as he headed for the door.
My demon moved to fall in behind but I turned to it and raised a hand. “Be gone,” I told it, and it did so, fading into the background as if it were never there. But I knew it was still there, would always be there, and I would never be rid of it.

CHAPTER 20

We left the hotel without incident, observing no sign we had been overheard by anyone. I assumed that the loan sharks had cleared out the entire building to keep their murder of us as secret as possible.
The ride home was completed in utter silence, with Benny behind the wheel. Once I heard him stifle another sob, but upon looking his face showed no signs of emotion.
We arrived home and both retired to our respective rooms.
I must have fallen asleep, because next I remember it was late into the night and Benny was knocking on the door.
He entered, dressed in fresh clothes, and I realised that my own were still stained with blood.
“We need to take you in to the Department of Magic,” he said.
For a moment I had no idea what he was talking about, my mind still groggy and swimming with images of violence. I was to be registered as a Class 5 magical hazard, or whatever the specific term was.
I stared at him in puzzled disbelief, amazed that he was choosing not to speak about the massacre that had occurred not a few hours earlier.
I realised, however, that I had no desire to speak of it myself. What was there to say?
“When?” I asked at last.
“Tomorrow.”
I thought about this, becoming aware that I really had no idea what would become of me in the government’s hands. What was done with people who were capable of destroying a city block?
“What will they do with me?” I asked.
He shrugged in response, “Not exactly sure, to tell you the truth. They’ll make you do some tests; write some exams, judge your response to certain situations, that kind of stuff. It won’t take more than a few weeks, maybe a month or two. You’ll have to check in with an Enforcer every few days for a while, I’m afraid.”
“They’ll keep me in custody?”
“Yes. I’m sorry it has to be so soon, Jet, but if I’m to have a decent chance of covering up our shit I need to be seen following the law.”
A thought occurred to me, loud and clear as a bell in my head. I almost cursed myself out loud for not realising it before. Benny could be turning me in, handing me over to take the rap. After all, I was the only one who had committed any murders on this little crime spree of ours. Sure, Benny had been there, but I had no idea of what he was capable, of what connections he had…
Or was that just paranoia?
“How are you going to cover this up?” I asked.
“Don’t worry about it,” he said, “I know people in the Department. People that matter, people that owe me favours. But they’re not miracle workers and it would help if I followed certain rules right now. Like, for example, not being seen to harbour a known danger.”
“What about Selena?”
“It will be a bit difficult, take some work, but you don’t have to worry about her either.”
He seemed to be promising a lot without giving real explanations. The bell in my head began to ring louder.
“How?” I asked, studying his face.
Without really intending it my Spirit extended and a spell was cast. I slipped into his mind, gently eased through barriers of defence and started probing for signs of deceit.
He opened his mouth to speak then paused, sensing the intrusion. I expected his response would be one of protest, but he instead adopted a cautious attitude that was thick with fear.
“There is a network in the Enforcers,” he explained, “A group of people who help each other out. From time to time we do favours for one another.”
I detected no sign of deceit, only caution.
“Ah. Good old government corruption,” I muttered.
He relaxed. “Don’t worry; they won’t make you pay for the tests, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“That’s not what I’m thinking.”
“Then what?”
I sat up in bed. “My mother, remember?”
He nodded. “I remember. What do you want to do?”
“I want you to bring her in, Benny.”
“You’re sure?”
“Yes. And I want to be there.”
He diverted his gaze to the ceiling. “That’s a bad idea, Jet.”
“I need to speak to her. Please, Benny.”
His gaze drifted back to my face, glimmers of emotion reflecting visibly for the briefest moment; Pain, distress, anxiety.
“Fine,” he muttered with a sigh, “Tomorrow morning. Be ready.”
“Okay.”
But he did not turn to leave. “There’s something I need to know, Jet.”
“Yes?”
“Why didn’t you do anything?”
I had no idea what he was referring to, “About what?”
“About Brent. Why didn’t you stop them? You could’ve taken every man in that room apart with your bare hands.” He was watching me, eyes swimming with unexpressed tears.
I swallowed, unable to meet his gaze. “I was scared.”
“Oh.” He nodded.
“I’m sorry. About Brent. About all of it.”
“I know you are. I know you are.” He turned to leave then stopped. “She won’t stop.”
“What?”
“Selena.”
“You just said…”
“I said I can influence the law, Jet. Not her.”
I had not thought about this. With so much going on, so much to think about, I had not fully registered what had occurred the day before. I had betrayed Selena. More than betrayed; I had smashed her in the face hard enough to send her flying. But had there been a choice? There was no doubt in my mind she would have had us both arrested and tried for our crimes, had I not acted the way I did. And wouldn’t that have inevitably led to the death of Brent? What little difference that made at this point.
My heart ached. Oh Selena.
A groan escaped me and I buried my face in my hands.
“Selena the Witch,” he muttered, “I could…”
“You could what?”
“I could let her take the fall for what we’ve done. Get her put away. There’s no better solution that I can think of.”
“Have her put away…?”
“Yes. It makes sense. I wouldn’t be proud of it, Selena is a good person. But things were done that needed to be done and we did them. Now there are consequences to deal with and we must deal with them.”
No, I did not want a person like Selena on the loose and after me. Apology or explanation seemed ridiculous at this point. But having Selena take the fall? How did I feel about that? If she had not been pissed off before, this seemed the best way of ensuring she was frothing at the mouth. But certainly, if she was in a Magical Detention Centre that was the end of it.
“I’m not sure how I feel about that. Isn’t there some other way?” I said at last.
“I’m not sure. She wouldn’t exactly be someone you wanted to hang out with either way, Jet.”
“I know but…”
“Get some sleep. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He exited.
For a long while after he closed the door I lay staring at the ceiling, wondering if I would ever be able to forgive myself for betraying the only woman I have ever associated with the word “love”.
The next thing I remember was being on the verge of consciousness, drifting off to dreamland, when a noise from somewhere in the apartment jolted me back to reality. I sat bolt upright, eyes darting around, my Spirit coming alive with a savage energy so intense it enveloped the entire room.
I climbed from bed, crept over to the door and stood with my back to the wall, waiting for the intruder.
The noise came again; a soft, musical chime from the direction of the kitchen. I realised that it was an extremely familiar sound, though I could not quiet place it.
Then it hit me; the fridge door had been left open and was politely asking to be closed.
I stalked into the kitchen, slammed the door shut and returned to bed.
But with body singing with adrenalin sleep was impossible.
I lay on my back and waited for the sun to rise, wondering if the intruder had been Selena, I would have been capable of putting up a fight.

* * *

The Sushi Palace opened at 9am. We were there by 8:45am. Benny drifted into a parking bay and killed the engine.
At this time only five other cars were present. I recognised one as my mother’s and another as Linda’s. The others were a mystery, but I assumed they belonged to Sushi Palace staff.
“You ready?” Benny asked, swivelling in his seat to face me.
I nodded in response, still not one hundred percent sure I had what it took to go through with it, but determined none the less.
“Listen,” he continued, “I can only bring her in on suspicion right now. But if any of what you say is true it’ll come out in an investigation. She’ll go away for a long time, Jet, be sure this is what you want.”
“It is,” I replied quickly, “Her and my grandmother.”
“You said your grandmother is an Enforcer?”
“Yes.”
“What a shit storm,” he muttered, moving to exit the car.
“Wait.”
He paused. “What is it?”
“Can you…”
“Speak up, Jet, if you have something to say then this is the time.”
“Logical Prediction. Can you do it now? Tell me how my mother will react when I go in there?”
“You still don’t really get how it works. I don’t know your mother, Jet. I can’t say how she will react. I could take a bash at how it might play out, but you would be infinitely more accurate in this case. Why don’t you try it yourself?”
“How?”
“Just…” He shrugged. “Just do it. How do you think you’ll react? How do you think she’ll react? You’ve known her your whole life, haven’t you? Play it out in your head, follow the threads of your life and see where they go, based on what you know.”
“Okay. I’ll try.’”
Logical Prediction. Both Selena and Benny had known with such staggering accuracy how my life would unfold that it boggled the mind. From being an hour early at the Defence Training Offices, to Benny knowing when I would be moving out and looking for a place to stay. Of course, these were not impossible things to guess when one gave it a bit of thought. Selena may have had a feeling my demon would be making an appearance that night, leading to me being understandably eager to return in the morning. Benny might have guessed after my unconventional remodelling of the house that I might be looking for new lodgings. It was, in a sense, fairly logical.
On the other hand Jenny the Assistant seemed to have known coffee would be my Primary Crutch from the very first day I had met her. That was not logical in any sense of the word. But then she hadn’t actually stated this, I had assumed it because of the odd way in which she had offered coffee and then departed the room. This may well have been a combination of an odd sense of humour, coincidence and assumption.
It would be some time before the story of Jenny the Assistant revealed itself. But that was later.
I leaned back in my seat, closed my eyes and found my place of calm. From here I drew up an image of the interior of The Sushi Palace and placed it in the centre of my thoughts, attempting to load in as much detail as I could. The more I focused, the clearer the image became, my Spirit rushing audibly in my ears as it moved to boost the process. Soon the picture was clear enough to resemble a tiny, living world that existed only in my mind’s eye.
So what, logically, would be my mother’s reaction when I stormed into her restaurant with an Enforcer as my ally, looking to make her pay for her crimes? If asked this question previously I would have sworn an oath that there would be tears, confessions, hugs and perhaps even remorse. But then if you had also told me my mother was guilty of not only illegal magic, but was an accomplice to my father’s murder, I would have called you a bald-faced liar. The argument had to be raised as to just how well I knew her. Could she even still be called my mother…?
And what exactly did I intend on doing when I got in there? They deserved it. Of course they did. And at that point in my life it seemed the only thing worth pursuing that meant something. I wanted to kill them. It seemed right, the logical conclusion to an ugly story. They had to pay for what they had done. The flame in my stomach was roaring now, consuming me and scorching my mind.
What was it Benny had said? Like predicting the script of a movie? I could do that; easy. Everyone knew how the film ended long before it did.
I entered into The Sushi Palace, Benny following close behind. My mother saw our entrance and halted in mid-step, a small frown of concern on her face.
“Jet? What’s going on?”
“I’m sorry mother, but I can’t let you get away with what you’ve done.”
Her mouth popped open and then slowly, like the sun sinking below the horizon, her expression changed to one of tortured guilt. “Oh God, I’m sorry, Jet. I’m so sorry for all of it. I’ll go with you.”
With the first few tears drawing glistening lines down her cheeks, she followed us out to the car.
Later, my first visit to see her at the Magical Detention Centre would be one filled with meaningful smiles, looks of humble acceptance and more remorseful tears. She had made some mistakes and she knew it, but at least she was willing to accept the consequences of her actions. It was a long road to recovery, but one she would have been taking with determination.
As the years rolled by I would receive my regular Christmas and birthday cards, plus a monthly letter that explained she was being treated fairly but firmly, as it should be.
Finally when the sentence was served, she would be released and I would at last have my mother back. Maybe not exactly as it was before, but still a family reunited.
That was it. I had performed Logical Prediction. And none too difficult it had been either.
So my mother was still herself after all, still the woman I had loved as a child, still the person who had raised me single handed. Just a little obscured, slightly out of focus, but still her, deep down inside; still human, still my mother. Perhaps I didn’t understand the whole situation as well as I thought. I did not mean to kill her. I meant to save her, bring her back and be a family again.
The flame in my stomach flickered and eased. It was eclipsed by a tiny light, one that spoke of hope and reconciliation. One that told me there could be someone who would miss me when I was gone, who would care if I lived or died.
Suddenly the whole thing seemed a bad idea. I was gripped by a desire to call it off, turn around and leave. If this was how events would play out, maybe I could yet save the situation, avoid her having to spend wasted years in a prison.
“Jet?”
I withdrew from my place of calm and was back in Benny’s car. “What?”
“Did it work?”
I blinked and looked at him, my head swimming as the images faded. “I think so.”
“Alright. Good. Just remember, it’s a very tricky spell. It’s not fool proof. Did you like what you saw?”
“It seemed a nice end to this mess. A happy end, I guess.”
“What more can you ask for?” He climbed from the car and faced the Sushi Palace. “Let’s get this done, then.”
We set off across the parking lot and approached The Sushi Palace side by side.
As the building drew nearer, my Spirit once again awoke and issued a warning.
“There is someone of great power inside,” it said.
“You feel that?” I asked Benny.
“Yes,” he replied, “Who is that?”
“I think it’s my grandmother.”
“She’s very powerful.”
“I know.”
He fell into silence and we soon arrived at the building’s front doors, standing closed.
“I’d like to go in alone for a minute,” I said.
“Jet, that’s a really bad idea. This whole thing is a bad idea. We’re going into a building inhabited by a potentially dangerous Enforcer and a powerful Manipulator. We need back up, Jet. Lots of it.”
“This is my family you’re talking about. They’re not lunatics.”
He stood staring at the ground. “Okay. Because we’re friends, I trust you.”
“Thank you.”
“Call if anything happens. I’ll wait here otherwise.”
I paused, thinking that I should say something in acknowledgment for a rather bold statement of trust and friendship. Nothing came to mind. “Okay.”
“Good luck.”
I pushed open the doors and stepped into the Sushi Palace. The warning buzz intensified.
 Inside the building was dead, a stark contrast to the usual, lively atmosphere that was rather jarring. I looked around and spotted Linda beside two other waiters to my right, busily laying out cutlery on the tables. She turned at the sound of the door and lit up like a thousand watt Christmas tree.
“Hi, Jet!”
“Hello, Linda.”
She approached at speed, her ringed eyes and fatigue lined face falling into focus the nearer she drew.
“It’s so good to see you, Jet!”
“You too, Linda.”
“Your mom said you might stop by!”
“I know.”
“She’s in the back with your grandmother! Should I call her for you?!”
“No. Listen, Linda…”
“I love your grandmother as well! She’s just so sweet!” The word “sweet” was said as she might have been talking about a box of kittens.
“Linda…”
“I wish I was part of your family! Do you think your mom would adopt me?!” She giggled piercingly, trying to make a joke of something I knew she meant with every fibre of her confused mind.
“Linda, listen to me!”
“What is it, Jet?! Is something wrong?!”
“Just listen to me. Okay? Listen for a moment, Linda.”
“Okay!”
“Something’s going to happen now. Something you might not like. But I need you to understand that I would never cause you hurt if I could otherwise avoid it.” It might have been futile trying to reason with her, the same as trying to explain the complexities of the universe to a child. But I had to try.
“What are you talking about, Jet?!” She frowned, declaring that her mind was once again working overtime.
“I think it’s maybe better to face the truth, Linda. Because if you don’t, it has a way of catching up to you when you least expect it. And the longer you put it off, the harder it hits you when it finally catches up. Don’t you agree?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she said softly. But her eyes told me that the little wheels in her head were turning.
“I guess it’s not my place to decide for others,” I continued, “because in this world the way that it is, I would not blame anyone for choosing to hold reality at bay for a while...”
“You’re scaring me, Jet!”
“But I think your time of being able to do that is coming to an end, Linda. My mother is going away, and with her gone, I’m afraid your reality is going to change. Do you understand?”
“Going away?! Where is she going?! She never said anything?!” Her voice raised to a sharp trill, tinged with horror.
“And I think maybe it will be better if it’s me that does, rather than a stranger. I’m sorry.”
I reached out and grabbed her, planting a hand on either side of her head and forcing her eyes to look into my face.
“Jet!? What are you doing?!”
“Look at me, Linda! Look at me!”
I had done the same with Clinton, even if it had been only temporary, and knew the same must be possible for Linda; Ambience Tweaking. Similar in style to creating a betting friendly mood in step one of poker, but pushing clarity and truth instead of positive energy.
I gathered up my knowledge of the Manipulation spell my mother had cast, including the truth about The Sushi Palace itself, and kept the information in mind. Then handling the understanding as if it was some kind of physical gaseous substance, I pushed it over onto Linda.
At first she resisted, grabbing at my hands and squirming to break free. But that lasted for only a second. As the cobwebs melted, so too did her resolve.
I finished the process and pushed the influence from her mind, leaving it clear, perhaps clearer than it had been even before my mother’s manipulation. And with this done I released my grip and stepped back, waiting to see the result.
Part of me hoped against hope that she would look around sleepily and dance with joy at being free. But even before the screaming started I knew this was an unrealistic expectation.
She shrieked, the shrill voice amplified to a pitch that would have shattered wine glasses had there been any nearby. Then she raised her hands and began to claw at her own face, tearing the skin and drawing blood.
“Linda! Stop that!”
I grabbed her wrists and attempted to restrain her, but she flailed hysterically, thrashing her head from side to side and screaming as though the world was ending. And for her, that is exactly what was happening.
“Linda! Linda!”
I took her up in an embrace and held tight, squeezing her arms against her body in an attempt to restrict movement. It seemed impossible that such a tiny creature could be so strong, but I could have sworn I was wrestling a wild bull.
The screaming continued. Tears streamed down her bleeding cheeks.
I released my Spirit again and bombarded her with positive energy. Gradually it took effect and she relaxed in my arms. The screaming subsided.
“Jet!” Benny’s head was visible by the front doors. “What’s going on? You okay?”
“Yes. I’m fine.”
“Who’s the girl?”
“I…  helped her… she’s been under my mother’s spell for years.”
“Shit, Jet. That is not the way spell breaking is done. There is a proper procedure.”
“I’m sorry. I just…”
“Never mind, I’ll take her.” He took a now wistful, unresponsive Linda by the hand and led her outside. “Just do what you have to do,” he called over his shoulder, “Quickly.”
I nodded. With my “good deed” for the day achieved, I returned my focus to the interior of The Sushi Palace.
Amazingly, so deep was the level of control that the other waiters had ignored the whole affair and continued working, completely oblivious to any negative distractions outside their immediate area.
A movement from the direction of the kitchen caught my attention and my head snapped round. There, standing in the kitchen doorway, was my mother; body posture reflecting a concern that made me feel like a dangerous intruder. The warning buzz intensified.
“Jet,” she said timidly, “I heard screaming.”
“I set Linda free,” I told my mother, “She’s not under your control anymore.”
“I see,” she replied, then stood and stared at me, as if expecting I might pounce.
I looked back at her and noted the terrified eyes and hands nervously fidgeting, and had a rather unsettling realisation. I had come here with every intention of murdering her. I had meant it; I believed she deserved it. I had ended the lives of the deserving once before and I had come to repeat the process. Clarence-child ends the life of Clarence-senior. Blood kills blood, the circle complete.  She had every reason to be scared.
“I came to talk,” I said, feeling an urge to seem less threatening. 
“Okay. What would you like to talk about, Jet?”
“Well…” my eyes drifted to the floor, “I was hoping we could sit down for a minute.”
This wasn’t at all how it had gone in my Logical Prediction.
“Sure. Let’s do that,” she agreed, gesturing towards a central table. I moved towards it gratefully. “Would you like some coffee?”
My coffee quota for the morning had already been filled before I left, but more never seemed like a bad idea. “Please.”
I took a seat and watched as she hurried over to a side table, poured a steaming mug and delivered it, placing it before me with characteristics that made her seem like some kind of abused servant. She had probably brought me hundreds of cups of coffee in my life, but never before had I felt that I was demanding them until that moment.
She stood waiting. I had no idea why at first, then took a sip of the coffee and nodded. “It’s fine, thank you.”
“Oh good,” she said smiling with relief, then took the seat across from me.
Is this what I’ve become? My mother scurrying around, trying to please me for fear I may do something terrible? When did I become this person? When did I become a thing of which people are terrified? Who have I become? Who am I if not me…?
“So what did you want to talk about,” she asked, sitting with hands folded in her lap.
“I wanted to talk about my father,” I replied, but part of me was already uncertain I wanted to bring up the topic at all.
“What about him, dear?”
“Gran killed him.”
“Yes dear, she did. I was very upset about it. It was a very unfortunate incident. ”
“Gran tried to erase it from my mind.”
“She did, that’s right.”
“You used him as a slave.”
At this her expression turned to one of shock, then offence. “I did no such thing. I loved your father.”
“He was under your control, wasn’t he?”
“Yes. That does not mean I did not love him. It’s not the way you think, Jet.”
“It’s not the way I think?”
She paused, looking at me carefully. I looked back.
The tiny light expanded to blot out the flame. Not a few hours ago it had occurred to me that no one would miss me if I had died, and I desperately wanted that to not be true. Regardless of what she may or may not have done, I wanted a mother. I wanted a family, because without my family, I had nothing. I wanted her to tell me I still had someone who cared about me, that I still had a home, a place which I could rely on for love and support no matter what I had done.
Was she so different from Benny? Perhaps it was all just a matter of perspective…
Her expression melted into one of maternal affection. “Is that what this has all been about? How could you ever doubt you came from a loving family, Jet? How could you ever question such a thing?”
Images drifted slowly through my mind, memories that preceded my place of calm and made up the childhood of which I was so fond…
Warm summer days spent by the swimming pool, the smell of steaks and sausage cooking on the open fire…
Trips to the drive-in under a clear sky, watching movies that were not as important as the actual time spent with loving parents…
Lying under the table when gran visited, satisfied from the evening of incredible food and shared laughter…
How could I have forgotten these things? How could I have forgotten the times that had made me who I am?
My mother leaned forward across the table and fondly caressed my cheek. “My boy,” she said, “My precious boy. When did you forget who you are?”
“I don’t know, mother.” I realised tears were running down my cheeks.
Again I was looking into the face of my beloved, caring mother. A woman who had supported me for all my life, through the hard times my family had endured, through the flailing confusion that had been my life. She was so beautiful.
“There’s an Enforcer outside,” I found myself saying, “He’s here to take you away. I came here to kill you, but I changed my mind. I’m sorry, mother.”
She flinched. “What?”
“I was scared. I didn’t know what to do. I’m sorry, mother. I though you deserved it.”
Her lips drew into a disappointed pout. “That’s okay, Jet, that’s okay. I understand.”
“I think maybe he can help you. Maybe he can make the charges… less significant. It won’t be so bad, I think. He’s a good man.”
“I guess I’ll have to face the law, won’t I?”
“Yes.” My tears were dripping from my chin and pattering down onto the table.
“We all have to deal with the consequences of our crimes, don’t we?”
I barely registered that she was rolling up the sleeve on my left arm, exposing the wrist.
“Yes, we have to deal with the consequences of our actions,” I agreed.
“Because we can’t just go around doing as we please? Can we? There must be rules or the world will be unbalanced.”
“Yes. The world must have balance.”
Now she was rolling up the right sleeve.
“Listen to me very carefully, Jet.”
“Okay.” I gave her my full focus, so glad that my mother was paying me attention again, so relieved that I once again had a family. She forgave me, and I was her little boy again.
“You need to stay right here. Okay?”
“Okay, mother.”
She dragged the blade of the knife across my left wrist, pushing down with the weight of her entire body. Blood spurted out, shooting ten clear inches across the table.
“Mommy has to go and do important things. You stay here and don’t say a word. Not a peep! Understand?”
“I understand, mother.”
She moved to the right wrist now, cutting deep, severing tendons and veins. There was no more than a distant pressure. I did not understand what she was doing and it was not important, something that was beyond my levels of comprehension.
“That’s a good boy,” she said, then turned and yelled over her shoulder, “Mother! Mother!”
Fran Clarence burst through the kitchen door, having been waiting just out of sight on the other side. She approached as fast as her old body would allow.
Gran’s here gran’s here…!
“There’s an Enforcer outside,” my mother said to her, “It’s over; we’re clearing out.”
“I told you,” spat gran in response, “I told you, Liza!”
“I know, I know! There’s nothing we can do about it now, is there?!”
Gran looked down at my wrists and scowled. “Such a waste. Such a complete and utter waste.”
“He was a success, mother. Any way you look at it.”
“Yes, that’s my girl,” gran snorted sarcastically, “A glass half full kind of person even in the face of dismal failure.”
“We can do it again!”
“In case you haven’t noticed I am not getting any younger, Liza! He took twenty odd years to develop a single iota of Spirit level!”
“Well, your age is not my fault,” my mother responded curtly, “Now is it?”
To this gran had no response.
“Let’s go, out the back,” my mother continued, “We can’t hold him for long.”
“Such a damn shame,” gran repeated, giving me a final look before heading back towards the kitchen.
My mother turned back to me. “You’ll stay right here, won’t you?”
“Yes mother,” I replied obediently, “Where is gran going? We haven’t even had dinner yet.”
“Never you mind, mommy loves you, okay?”
I smiled. “I love you too mommy…”
She kissed my forehead, patted my cheek and exited into the kitchen.
I sat quietly, the smile lingering on my lips. I was content. More than content; euphoric. The world made perfect sense in all ways, leaving me with a feeling of safety, happiness and belonging. I never wanted to leave that place; I never wanted to leave that bubble in which the world was right.
Thank goodness I decided to change my mind, I told myself, my mind recalling that I had previously had some kind of conflict, thank goodness. I have a mother again, and she loves me.
Time passed. A minute ticked by. 
To my right I saw a group of people I did not recognise setting the tables one by one in silence, moving towards and then around me. They avoided my own table intentionally, but I didn’t mind.
A few moments later I was aware of a sound near my legs, a sort of pattering, like drops of rain dripping from a roof and splashing onto a solid floor. What was that sound?
I leaned over to get a look and saw liquid gently cascading from the table and onto the floor. It was red and sticky, like a melted Popsicle on a warm day.
I felt myself frowning, wondering where this liquid could be coming from.
As this thought entered my head another soon followed; my wrists felt strange… they were cool and moist. Why this was I could not fathom. I stared at them, watching the blood pour from the gaping wounds, but my mind would not put the pieces together.
All at once my Spirit started to scream for attention. I knew that what it wanted to say, or make me aware of, must have been important, but I had no interest in hearing. After all, acknowledging it would be allowing my bubble of happiness to burst.
I continued to stare at my wrists, wondering where my mother had gone and what could be taking her so long. I was starting to get hungry.
It occurred to me that my coffee was still on the table, now sitting in an odd red coating that was covering the table’s surface. I decided I would have a sip before it got cold and tried to pick up the mug. But my fingers were not working as they should. It confused me and I frowned.
My Spirit continued to scream.
Things were starting to go woozy and my head swam, why this was I could not figure out.
There was a flash in my head and my body jolted. I recognised the sensation from previously in the kitchen with my mother and grandmother. This was significant, I knew, but why I could not say.
Another flash and my body jolted as if struck by lightening. Reality shunted into place.
All at once I was sitting at a table in my mother’s restaurant, bleeding to death from wrists that had been slashed by a meat cleaver.
Defeat washed over me, complete and utter defeat. I felt my shoulders sag and heard a sound escape me from somewhere inside; a lingering groan. It was a sound so primal and uninhibited that even to my own ears it was heartbreaking. 
She had sucked me in, played to my emotions and killed me without so much as breaking a sweat. It had all been a spell, from the moment I had laid eyes on her; the submissive gestures, the coffee, everything. And I had fallen for it hook, line and sinker. Worse yet was that I had not even experienced the expected vertigo warning. She really was good, my mother, she really was a master of her craft.
A lone wet sob escaped me.
My mother had killed me. It was a final note to the symphony of my life that had been both confused and chaotic in equal parts.
Horribly, astonishingly, even as I attempted to staunch the flow of blood with hands that were useless from severed tendons, the spell still lingered in my mind, wondering where my mother was and when she’d be back.
Had I ever had a mother? No. It was obvious to me then that I had not. I had been in denial thinking otherwise, another self imposed spell. It had not been Logical Prediction I had performed just minutes ago. So badly had I craved a family that I had self imposed a spell, forcing myself to believe that there was no reason to doubt what my childhood had been. But I could see it clearly now; my family had been a lie. What the reasons were for this, I did not currently understand, but I would. Later.
Who am I? Who am I if not me? I had been so terrified of being a Clarence. But a new thought, infinitely more terrifying raised its head. I was no ones son. 
A mental wall collapsed and a hungry maw once again gaped open; my old friend insanity was back and stronger than ever, sucking at me like the eye of a tornado. I would never be able to confine that maw again, it was simply too strong. And even if it had been possible to rebuild the wall, those roads led inevitably to the development of a second, and maybe even a third demon. 
I realised my body was shuddering violently as I wept like a scolded child, staring through glazed eyes as my numb fingers fumbled clumsily in an attempt to staunch the blood. But it was in vain; I was bleeding out and would be dead in minutes.
“Benny!” It was my own croaking voice, drowning in sobs and tears, but it sounded like that of a stranger. “Benny!”
No answer. Linda, he was tending to Linda. It seemed no good deed went unpunished. The girl would inadvertently be the death of me.
I looked up and realised someone was sitting in the chair across from me. Something. My demon; there it was in its tuxedo, blue face expressionless as it gazed at me.
I held my wrists up for it to see, irrationally thinking that it could somehow offer assistance. It was not moved to action.
“Help me,” I whimpered. But my mind was chaos and control slipping; it did not move. “Help me!” It stared in response, purring softly.
I exploded, the tears rapidly giving way to a rage I had never known existed. The flame which had so recently been eclipsed by light exploded in a mushroom cloud. I hated that creature. I hated it as I had never hated anything before. It was everything that I hated, everything that made no sense. And I wanted to kill it. I wanted it to be gone. I wanted it to disappear.
“Go away!” I screamed at it, rising from my chair and leaning across the table. “Go away! Get out of my life! I command you to get out of my face!” Spirit roared into life around me, sending shockwaves across the ground that shattered tiles, splintering them upwards into showers of debris. “Get out of my life! Get out!” The energy grew, developing into a crackling, swirling mass that begged to be released and let loose, was anxious to be my extended hand and deliver on the world the rage that burned in my stomach. “GET OUT!” I was rapidly losing control, on the verge of releasing energy that would tear the building to rubble and send it shooting across the parking lot in deadly fragments of shrapnel. It would be glorious, a beautiful, raw display of power that summed up my feelings to the letter.
Seconds before I allowed the destruction to commence, an image flashed through my mind, so clear I could have sworn I was transported outside for the briefest of instants.
Logical Prediction… 
Benny was helping a still dazed Linda into his car as he reassured her with comforting words.
The Sushi Palace suddenly erupted from an explosion within, the entire roof lifting off as if floating on a cloud of hot air. The walls first bowed then fractured, sending fragments of debris like a million tiny bullets.
Both Benny and Linda looked up at the carnage and a second later were pelted by the debris, their bodies jerking rhythmically as puncture wounds and bloody bruises appeared.
Finally the shockwave swept over and they were not so much torn to pieces as more reduced to a cloud of twisting red ribbons…
This time I was certain my prediction was accurate, despite my previous failure. My destruction parade would kill them both, and no, despite everything, I was not able to allow this.
With enormous effort and equal amounts of reluctance I managed to reign in the Spirit, drawing it away and letting it melt back into my body.
I returned my attention to my demon.
“Go away,” I told it, “I don’t want to see your face when I die.”
It regarded me with cool indifference, absorbing the words. Then its head snapped forward and it released a sharp, aggressive chirp into my face, making me jump back in surprise. My shoes slipped in the blood and I toppled backward, hitting the ground with a thud.
And there I lay, flat on my back, eyes fixed on the ceiling.
I was finished; broken. In every way it was possible to be beaten, I was beaten. There was nothing left.
As the world began to darken and I felt the thumping beat of my heart begin to slow, my view of the ceiling was eclipsed by my demon’s face. It was kneeling above my head and looking down at me, apparently wanting a front row seat of the entertainment as I checked out.
“Who am I if not me?” I asked it.
“I’m Jet Clarence and I’m a rapist,” it replied.
“I never went through with it and the guilt haunts me still.”
“I’m Jet Clarence and I’m a thief and a murderer,” it said.
“Thing’s done only in an effort to save a friend’s life,” I replied, “I can only wish others would do as much to save mine.”
“I’m Jet Clarence and I’m the person who let Brent Kingston die,” it said.
“I failed to save his life. But then I did not lead him down the road which killed him.”
“I’m Jet Clarence and I ordered my demon to slaughter four men,” it said.
“And may the world be a better place without them. I can only assume I saved many more.”
It seemed satisfied and went quiet.
“I’m Jet Clarence,” I said to it, “I have no childhood and I have no family, but I’m still me.”
Calm descended over me and slowly, like an inexorable sheet of storm clouds, the dark maw enveloped my mind.
My blood continued to drain and I knew death approached. This time, Clinton did not make an appearance in my thoughts. I wished only that Selena would live a life of happiness now that I had been taken from it.
Warmth slowly drained, my blood stopped flowing, and I can be certain that my face began to turn blue.
In my last moments, the demon and I were identical.
Colours faded and the world retracted and began to be drawn away.
But then; a contraction in my abdomen, sharp and violent.
I became aware of a pressure on my breast, as if an enormous, invisible weight were present there. At first I thought this sensation was some kind of manifestation of death, then I realised that the demon was leaning over me, its hand reaching into my chest.
 The bastard will feed on me as I die, I thought, even in death it will not grant me dignity.
There was another contraction, then my heart was beating again and the world snapped back into focus. Life returned and I gasped as air rushed into my lungs.
The demon withdrew its hand and gazed down at me, red eyes exploring my face with an intensity that seemed almost human. I stared back, my chest heaving as breath tore eagerly down my throat.
 It had saved my life. The demon had reached into my chest and massaged my heart back into activity. My guess was that as I had regained mental focus in my last moments of life the demon had likewise been brought back under my control, allowing it to carry out my previously ignored order.
 But at that moment, as I stared up into the blue face, I could have sworn I saw a spark of humanity present in those red eyes. A spark of humanity that suggested, what I can only imagine, was affection…
Then the demon was flung to the side, its face replaced by that of Benny. He was looking down at me and yelling that I should hang on, that I should not give up, it was not too late.
It’s already too late, I thought. But even as I attempted to form these words with trembling lips he was tearing strips from his shirt and tying them around my upper arms. 
 “Stay with me, stay with me…” he was saying, “Just stay with me…”
And I did. Regardless of the fact that I now lived inside the maw of insanity.

CHAPTER 21
 
When I awoke I was relieved to find that up was still up and down was still down. And from my ability to identify the bleep of a heart monitor, I was relieved to also determine that my brain functions worked correctly.
The downside was that, number one, my head felt as though it was recovering from the single greatest hangover in history, and number two, I craved coffee so badly it was unbearable.
A moment later a young nurse stepped into the small glaringly-white room.
“Oh, Mister Clarence! You’re awake!” Her expression was one of surprise, tinged with fear.
Since I guessed seeing conscious patients was likely a regular thing in her line of work, the fear had to be attributed to something more significant. Whatever the reason, I hoped word of my illegal activities had not bubbled to the surface while I slept.
How long exactly had it been…?
“Where am I?” I muttered, holding my throbbing head.
“You’re in East Central Clinic,” she replied, clutching a clipboard to her chest and eyeing me nervously, “You have been for some time now.”
“How long?”
“Nearly three months.”
Three months? Well, at least what had happened was done with, whatever it might have been. No point in worrying now. Though, as I glanced around, it did not seem I had been detained or was under arrest.
Furthermore, East Central Clinic was a place of notorious upper class reputation. I assumed it had been by some kind of error that I had ended up here.
“It’s been a very unusual time,” the nurse continued, “There has been some speculation about when you would awaken.”
“Really? Why is that?”
“Well… an Enforcer has been visiting you. We’ve assumed you were a person of some importance.”
“Ah.”
“He’s also been paying your expenses.”
It seemed Benny had been finding some use for the stolen money, though this hardly seemed a subtle way in which to do it.
“Well, that’s nice of him,” I replied, “Don’t look so nervous. I promise I’m not anyone important.”
“Of course, Mister Clarence.”
“Could I get some coffee?”
She hesitated. “I’m not sure it’s the best beverage for you in your current state, Mister Clarence.”
“Please?” Without really thinking about it I called my Spirit and pushed out my desire for coffee. The unspoken demand washed over the nurse and her eyes glazed for a second.
“Yes sir, right away.” She turned and hurried out of the room.
Justified in this case, I told myself. After all, I had not been forcing her to do anything terrible. And if I had not had my coffee it would have worsened her day a whole lot more.
I lay back in the crisp white bed sheets and took a moment to come terms with my situation.
For starters it was rather remarkable to see scars on my wrists where what seemed only moments ago had been bleeding wounds. I was not sure what kind of surgery went into fixing severed tendons, but my fingers seemed to be working well enough, if a little sluggishly.
The nurse returned with a cup of black coffee and I accepted it, taking stock of the fact that my arms were heavy and weak.
“I’ve informed Mister Kingston you are awake,” the nurse said, staring at me as if I might explode her head for such insolence, “I was ordered to do so.”
“Thank you,” I said, trying to sound gentle, but the words had barely left my mouth before the door was closing behind her.
I sipped my coffee and moaned as waves of pleasure and satisfaction rippled from my stomach. It was the most magnificent thing I had ever tasted. It was instant and probably scraped from a tin that declared itself as “The Budget Taste Sensation”, or something similar, but at that moment it was heaven.
Something began to dawn on me.
Despite the fact that my head and body still ached, I could not remember my mind being so clear. Which was unexpected, since the last thing I could recall prior to the hospital was…
Being swallowed by insanity… and dying…  
I had given up, called it quits, and vanished into the heart of the dark depths of my own mind, a place that had terrified me to the very pit of my soul.
Only, it had not been insanity. Can’t have been… could it?
Or… was this insanity? This room? This hospital…?
The truth was that it had never been “insanity” that sat lurking inside my head. It had been something completely different, something I had incorrectly identified; declared as dangerous when it had not been.
Acceptance… it had been my acceptance. I had been running from, holding back and fighting against my own salvation.
It had, in the end, taken death for me to finally surrender.
And it had also been worth it. My mind had been completely flushed out – a detox. Where there had been clutter was now clarity, where there had been anxiety was now calm.
In essence, the feeling was akin to clearing out an old piano from a room, only to realise the area was twice as big and three times as sunny as you recalled prior to the invasion of the space stealer.
And yet…
I glanced down at the cup of coffee in my hands.
And yet one monster still remained, lurking in the dark recesses of that same room, keeping itself warm in the glow of the flame. It was no longer as imposing as previously. But still present. Still waiting.

* * *

Later Benny arrived for a visit, the Enforcer uniform declaring his arrival like the loudest town-crier in history.
“Jet Clarence,” he said brightly, that old grin back on his face, “How are you feeling, buddy?”
“Pretty good,” I responded, “for a person who died not so long ago.”
“That can be a day dampener.”
“I guess I should thank you that I’m here at all.”
“You remember that, huh?”
“Yes. Thank you.”
“Don’t sweat it.”
“So, I’ve missed a lot of time…”
“Firstly, you can proudly call yourself an official Class 5 Magical Hazard.”
“That would explain the twitchy nurse.”
“You’ll be going in for analysis when you’re well enough.”
I nodded. “Okay. Whatever that involves.”
“It’ll be fine, don’t worry about it.”
“What about… everything else?”
“Things worked out okay,” he said, sensing the unasked question, “It was no picnic, but I managed. A whole lot of favours were called in and I’m afraid a fair amount of minds were… scrambled.”
A whole lot of minds indeed, from receptionists to doormen to security guards to Morris Chapman himself. It can not have been a small task.
“Though, there was one small setback,” he continued uneasily.
“Yes?”
“Selena.”
My stomach dropped. “What about her?”
“Someone had to take the fall, Jet, and she was just too obvious a choice. I had to go with it; there was only so much I could do after setting things in motion. She fought back of course, but after a certain amount of resistance her obsessive nature just made her look all the guiltier.”
“What happened?”
“She was convicted.”
I sighed, guilt already starting to fog up my recently clear mind. “Damn.”
“But…”
“But what?”
“She escaped from the Magical Detention centre, Jet.”
“What?!”
“A month ago.”
I gaped in horror. “Oh no, but that’s…”
“Stepping beyond the law, I know. Little Miss Perfection stepped beyond the law.”
“Then she must be changing. Into what?”
“I guess we’ll find out, one way or the other.”
The guilt was replaced by realisation, then fear. “Do you think…?”
“I don’t know, Jet. I’ve heard nothing about it since.” He paused, hesitating at length. “Was there something going on between you two?”
“I’m not sure,” I responded, “I think, maybe.”
“Well, whatever it was, hats off to you. Not only is she a fox, but I never even knew her capable of affection until you came along. But if I were you, or me for that matter, I’d watch our backs.”
“Or watch each other’s backs.”
“Right.” He grinned, Cheshire cat style.
There was a pause, letting the impact of the situation sink in. But what could I do but wait and see.
I cleared my throat, indicating a change in the beat of conversation. “Benny.”
“Yes?”
“I’m really sorry about Brent.”
“I know.”
“I mean it. If I could go back and do it again, I would in a heartbeat.”
He smiled placidly. “So would I, Jet. But you didn’t know him; he’d been making bad decisions his whole life; taking stupid risks, stepping on the wrong faces. It was inevitable, really.”
“I’m still sorry.”
“Forget it. I forgive you.”
But something about the look in his eyes made me wonder if there was conviction behind those words. Perhaps I had not heard the last of this.
Then I asked the next question that was burning foremost in my thoughts. “My mother… is she… ?”
“She got away, her and your grandmother. They were too fast.”
I nodded. This was no surprise. The flame, still tiny, flickered and grew. And it set in motion the plan I had been formulating over the last few hours. “I need to ask you a favour, Benny.”
“A favour?”
“I know you’ve done a lot for me already, but I need to ask one more favour.”
“What is it?”

* * *

After leaving the hospital my very first stop was the Clarence household.
The damage to the wall was still clear to see, with only the most basic of repair work being started before once again being abandoned.
My front door key still worked and I let myself in.
In the kitchen, where I expected to find him, was Clinton, sitting in a night gown and sporting what may be the healthiest crop of beard I’d ever seen. Unfortunately his beard was the only thing that looked healthy; the rest of him looked like shit.
“Hello, Clinton.”
He looked up. His eyes, ringed and glassy, focused on my face, and for a long moment I thought he would not recognise me. “Jet?”
“Yes.”
I took a seat across from him, having to move a pile of empty food wrappers from the chair. It appeared he had eaten everything that remained in the house, up to and including forgotten boxes of pasta that looked old enough to be classified as vintage.
My guess was that he had not eaten in some time, and from the lack of empty beer cans had not drunk much either.
“Hello, Jet,” he said dreamily, “When is your mother coming home?”
I had wondered what would become of a mental slave if abandoned. And now I knew. Eventually he would simply starve to death.
“She’s not coming home, Clinton.”
He stared at me.
“Do you remember wanting help,” I asked.
“Help with what?”
“You wanted help escaping my mother.”
He frowned, eyes dropping to the table.
“You wanted my help, Clinton,” I continued, “And I said I would. She’s gone now, and you’re free.”
I gathered up and pushed out truth and understanding, bringing clarity to a mind so fragmented and cloudy it was like diving into the muddiest pond on Earth. “She’s gone now, and you can be who you want to be…”
He drew in a quick gasp as the fog began to disperse, revealing a person beneath that had not had a clear thought in a long time.
Lucidity came to his eyes, confused at first then slowly sharpening.
“You’re free,” I told him.
He did not answer, choosing instead to stare with mouth hanging open. And who could blame him? 
I had at least managed to avoid the face clawing reaction of Linda, the difference being that Clinton desired freedom where Linda had been avoiding it at all costs.
“Thank you,” he said at last, but his mind was still not grasping the reality and would not for some time.
He would be okay now. Not all at once, but time would take its course.
“I’m going to leave you, Clinton. I think you need space.”
He looked as though he wanted to talk, but I did not have the time. My plan was only just starting to get into motion.
Before leaving I placed my share of the gambling money on the table. “Here,” I said, “This will help.”
Then I headed for the Department of Magic where I signed up for Enforcer training. Benny Kingston volunteered to be my mentor.
The search for my mother and grandmother began.

Visit the Balance - Website to learn more about the world of Balance, its characters and Book 2.
Contact the author at: marcodickason@gmail.com


