

BELLATRIX

THE SWORDS OF CHAOS
BOOK ONE

Alex Cannon


Copyright Alex Cannon 2011
Published at Smashwords



CHAPTER 1

The new supplier made Range nervous. 
The sun glinted off the supply caravan as it arrived, the wagons and wains creaking and tinking along. Minwabi, the normal supplier was gone. A new man came with a new crew. The wagons had Minwabi’s mark on them, but these were not Minwabi’s men. The leader announced himself as Oxma.
“Where’s Minwabi?” Range asked.
Range stood over six feet, thickly built, with an open face, and raven-colored hair. But Oxma loomed even taller and moved like predator. A gray hood covered his head, connecting to the robes that dusted the ground at his feet. His face was obscured even in the afternoon sun. 
“I purchased his caravan.” The man’s voice was like a snake slithering through the grass.
Minwabi was not one to lightly sell his caravan. 
“How much for these bags of marjin spice?” Range lifted a canvas sack.He stood next to the largest wain, scratching his chin. It was packed with the typical goods Minwabi brought; spices, utensils, tools, and dry goods.Other Spadix merchants gathered around the caravan too. The sun reflected off tally sheets and bags of coin jingled on hips.
“Two coppers.” 
Range nodded and glanced around. The price was about right. No one else seemed disturbed by the stranger. The other townspeople of Spadix lifted items from the wagons, inspecting them, talking to the crew.That was something else that bothered Range. The entire caravan’s wardrobe was the same gray robes the leader wore. Range saw the telltale bumps of swords and armor they wore under their robes. These men weren’t merchants. 
Range shook his head. He was being ridiculous. Merchant caravans had to have men to protect their wares. Having an armed contingent was prudent for any merchant. The roads between towns were woefully unprotected. Spadix itself only had two men stationed by the local baron. 
Range tugged a bag of marjin, when he did, the rest of the bags started falling. Range panicked and reached for the other bags. Oxma moved like a cat, sliding by Range, intercepting the bags’ descent. Range hopped back as the man snatched them and placed them back in the wagon. 
“My apologies,” Range said. The sharp smell of marjin whipped about in the air.
“It is nothing,” Oxma replied. He patted the spice bags back onto the wain.
Range tugged his tunic straight and swallowed.
The thought crossed his mind again…this man was no merchant.He must not let Oxma see his anxiety. 
Oxma pulled one bag off and handed it to Range. As Range reached for it, Oxma appeared to sniff him.Or was he just sniffing the spice in the air?Range put the bag next to his knee and opened his purse. He forced his hands to calm. He was being ridiculous. This man might be a retired warrior who decided to become a merchant.As a matter of fact, this man could be many things that offered no danger to Range or his family. He grew weary being constantly vigilant.
Range paid the man and turned to look for Nicodemus.”Nicky!” 
A wiry, weasel-faced man came around one of the wagons. He had thick blonde hair and a ready smile. Nicodemus and Range had known each other since childhood and had moved here to Spadix together many years before.The smaller man now worked for Range on a part time basis and was more family than friend.“Aye!”
“Can you take this bag to Miriam?” Range asked. 
“Did you see the elm wood they have on the back wagon? Cune would pay well for the wood if we could cut it manageable chunks for him.”
“I’ll take a look,” Range said. 
Nicodemus lifted the bag onto his shoulder and looked about for a moment before leaning toward Range.”What do you think about the new man?”
Range looked about, then leaned forward.”He makes my hackles rise.”
Nicodemus nodded.”Mine too. There’s something queer about him.”
“Act normal.”
Nicky raised an eyebrow at is longtime friend.”Like you have to tell me!”
Range nodded and slapped Nicky on the shoulder.”Get that bag to Miriam and get back here.”
Nicky took off at a run. Range turned back to the caravan and started inspecting the wares again.
Two kids scurried past him, laughing and chasing a dog.Range turned to watch them as they ran off into the town square.
Spadix was located just north of the coast, on a heavily traveled vein fishermen used to transport their catch up to the capital city of Rommel.It was positioned well south of the Argoth plains, in a small clutch of oak trees surrounding the diminutive Erve Creek.The trees hugged the shops and inns lining the side of the road, creating a welcome haven from the winds that plagued the area. Spadix had sprung up as a simple waypoint many years before, but now was a small bustling town all its own. Inns had emerged to accommodate the growing trade that moved from the coast. Millers, blacksmiths, and merchant shops, like the one Range owned, soon followed. A local baron quickly annexed the town and started levying taxes to the chagrin of the locals.
Range had relocated four years ago with his wife and two young children.Spadix was a growing town where he could get a foothold in and build a solid foundation for his family and their future. 
He looked back toward the caravan. An icy shiver crept up his spine when he noticed Oxma looking at him from under his hood.Range tried to appear unperturbed and perused the area, attempting nonchalance.His eyes landed on Lucan, the local priest of the god, Ooln.Lucan was a year younger than Range and had been stationed out here in Spadix. They had become friends in the past four years. 
Range waved to the priest, who waved back with a smile. Lucan stood on the front porch of the small temple, more wood than stone. He stepped down to the stairs and pulled out his pipe.He lit it and watched the caravan. Range turned his view back to the task at hand and noticed Oxma watching the priest of Ooln.
There was something calculating in that hooded stare. Something that made Range want to step in front of Lucan to protect him. He shivered the feelings off and turned back to the task at hand. He had supplies he needed to get, and the caravan leader would just have be suspicious.
Nicodemus returned soon after running back to Range’s shop. The two of them carefully selected items they knew would sell.Oxma was pleasant and cheerful the entire time while dealing with all the people gathered around the caravan. He never once displayed anything untoward or overtly suspicious.What bothered Range the most was how the man continued to stare over where Lucan sat, smoking his pipe.
He overheard another merchant ask the caravan leader when he would be leaving town. Oxma informed him he would be here for a few days. He had to make some repairs to some of his wagons. 
Range quickly gathered up his purchases and nodded for Nicky to get his.It was time to head back to the shop and get back to work. 
He chanced a look over his shoulder and saw Oxma staring at him. 

Sucking in another ragged breath, Lazerek crashed down on his opponent, who threw him back with a grunt.The length of the encounter was taking its toll on both men. 
Although their movements were not practiced, their speed not great, serious grievances at Akilade had always been addressed this way, two magicians, battling only with swords. To the victor would be life, to the loser death. 
“You know you won’t be able to keep it a secret, Lazerek,” the younger man managed through broken breaths.”Others will come after me.”
Lazerek stepped back momentarily and then engaged his opponent again, ignoring the ache in his old bones.”Yes, and their end will be the same as yours.” 
The swords clanged loudly in the empty room. It was early morning and most residents of the compound were still sleeping. Light emanated from a cluster of sloppy candles on a desk littered with scrolls and documents.The heavy odors of parchment and tallow hung in the air. The stone floor did little to absorb the sounds of combat. The ceiling stretched far into the darkness above. 
Lazerek landed an ineffective blow against his opponent, who countered with an unsteady thrust to the midsection. Lazerek swung his hips back, barely missing evisceration. How Lazerek hated this fighting with swords. Why did he agree to settle this with steel? 
“More people will find out, Lazerek,” the man said.His voice was tired. Neither mage was a swordsman, but once they had entered into the bond of steel only one could escape. 
“Only you know, and I plan to keep it that way.” But was he the only one who knew? Lazerek would deal with that later.”It is mine and I’ll be damned if I share it with the others at this school.”
“We are not your enemy.” The younger man wheezed the words out.”You know any find of this magnitude has to be reported. You took the oaths just like I did when you entered Akilade. If you keep this a secret, you go against everything we stand for!”
They pulled back a moment, both swords dipped toward the ground.”This is my find, and I will kill any who dare get in my way,” Lazerek said. It was beneath him to share any more information with this cretin. The Sword was far beyond the petty rules of this ancient school. He would not lose the prize because of antiquated standards and oaths. This one person could keep him from claiming what was his.That was unacceptable.
As they stepped into the next engagement, Lazerek brought his hand up to the man’s chest. 
The rules for serious grievances were simple: two mages would take up swords and do battle until only one was left standing. No magic was permitted. That kept it honest. Those were the rules.
Damn the rules, Lazerek thought. He flooded himself with the magic and then released it into his opponent’s heart. 
Disbelief blossomed on his opponent’s face.”You...you… Magic is forbidden…Treachery!” he gasped, clutching his hand to his chest.The younger man fell to the floor, twisting the robes over his heart. His sword clattered away. He writhed while mucous bubbled and oozed from his mouth. His body convulsed unnaturally on the floor for a few moments and then stopped. His hand fell from his chest and slapped to the stone floor, his unblinking eyes stared blankly into the darkness. 
Lazerek still had many uses for this school and could not afford to relinquish his position yet. He was too close. The death of his colleague must be hidden for the time being. Too many questions would be asked. 
Lazerek tossed his sword onto the desk, scattering papers that drifted lazily to the floor. He squatted over the corpse and began to move his hands in a circular motion. In response to his gestures, a muted purple light crept from the ground and began to devour the body bit by bit. The magic obeyed him without hesitation, like it always did. He continued with his ministrations until there was no trace of the body, just a slight powdery substance that he blew away. 
Lazerek stood and looked about. The doors at either end of the room were still bolted. 
Good, he thought as he stroked his beard. He had made clean work of it.He turned to leave when he heard a soft sound echo through the room–the sound of a scratching boot or a shuffling robe.
Lazerek spun around. He saw nothing. It could possibly be a rat or other vermin, but he must be certain.He worked up an illumination orb to dispel the darkness.A yellow orb of light flared into existence above his head.
He spied everywhere, chasing stark shadows from the darkest corners with his summoned orb of light. He circled the huge desk.Nothing.He looked up at the rounded ceiling high above and saw only cobwebs and cracks. No one was here.
The shadows lurched back to fill the room as he banished the orb with a wave. Satisfied, he left the hall. When he pulled the door behind him, silence overtook the room once more.Only the candles continued to burn, their feeble light not nearly enough to battle the darkness.
In the ceiling high above, a pair of eyes returned to the very thin crack, glinting in the wan candlelight.



Hamilcar was cold. 
He rolled over and opened his eyes. His pillow was in the way. He pushed it aside. The window to his room was open and he could see the thick drapes billowing in the wind. 
An icy hand clenched his heart and he came fully awake. What was the window doing open? He had made certain to latch it before retiring for the night. He moved to the side of the bed, intending to get up. 
The shadow of a man stood at the foot of his bed. 
Hamilcar reached for his dagger, but a firm hand caught his arm.He jerked his arm free and sat up, taking inventory of his room. 
Three men were positioned around his bed. All three were shadows among the shadows.
“What gives you the right to come into my room?” Hamilcar asked.
No answer.
“Talk, before I call my guards.”
The shadow at the foot of his bed spoke.”We bring a message, Baron.”
The shadow to his left struck a flint and lit the bedside candle.
The three men standing around him were Sicari. Hamilcar’s heart sank.
“What is your message?” Hamilcar eyed his dagger, hanging on his bedpost. It would prove ineffective against these men, but he would feel better having it in his hand.
The shadow at the end of the bed tossed something at him. Hamilcar flinched but the dark object landed in his lap with no surprises. He picked it up rolled it around. It was obsidian in color and texture. The bottom was smooth, small glistening shards textured its top. It was a rare loqua stone. 
“Is that all? Or have the dread Sicari added ‘courier’ to their list of dark services?” he snapped. 
The first shadow said, without moving,”Your partner has found what he has been searching for. He is ready for you to begin. That is the end of the message.
Hamilcar threw his legs over the edge of his bed.”Well, you've delivered your message. Now get out!" He pointed to the open window.How dare his partner try to scare him?
After the Sicari were gone, Hamilcar stared at the stone and sighed.
The hunt was afoot. He had waited years for this and the time had finally come. 



CHAPTER 2

Range and Nicodemus sat staring out the window of the tavern, watching the people crowd in to find seats.The evening air was thick with humidity. The tavern mixed the moisture with pipe smoke and the odors of cooking fish. Range’s large fist clinched the handle of his tankard. They had been at the table for nearly an hour, waiting for Lucan.
The count’s administrator was speaking tonight, and Range had learned long ago that in order to get a table, he had to beat the crowds.Most of Spadix would be packing the house within the next few moments.
“Did you talk to Lucan before you came?” Range said over the top of his mug.
Nicodemus shook his head.”Don’t worry. He’ll be here.”
Range nodded.”What’s Geinan speaking about tonight?”
“Who can say?Something’s wrong. You know he never holds meetings to tell us how well things are going.”
“Count Cassik never holds meetings, friend.His lackey administrator holds them for him.”
“Correct as always, Range.” Nicodemus pulled a durry from his pocket and lit it against the torch on the wall.Its smoke curled lazily away, mingling with the miasma of smoke from the other patron’s pipes and durries.
Range watched as two men hurriedly erected a makeshift podium for Geinan.Geinan himself–always dressed in the richest attire, and never without his ivory cane–stood to the side eyeing the crowd.He wore a green velvet coat over a white ruffled shirt selected to hide his double chin.Range smirked. He had always thought Geinan looked like a fat snake.
The crowd swelled into the busy tavern, and still no sign of Lucan.It was unlike him to be late for any meeting, especially one with friends. 
“There’s no—” Nicodemus started, but the rapping of a cane on the podium interrupted him.
“Silence, please.Silence!” Geinan yelled over the din of the crowd.“You are all here to hear what the Count has to say, so listen up.”
Nicodemus turned again to look at Range.“The only thing bigger than his arrogance is his chin.”
Range nodded and grinned.
The rickety podium wobbled as Geinan gripped it.“Very good. Count Cassik is concerned with an individual plaguing our fair city with heinous criminal acts.”He paused for effect.“I am certain you all know of whom I speak.” Geinan looked from face to face.
Range knew.They all did.Range leaned in and whispered to Nicky,”Robbing a few gold coins is a heinous criminal act?”
“The man should be rewarded!” Nicky said. They both chuckled.
“The thieving criminal Levitin!” Geinan spewed the name like a curse.The room sank with the utterance of Levitin’s name.
Levitin was not an average thief.He had pulled off criminal feats that seemed inhuman and impossible.He had stolen coins and jewels from vaults that no other man could penetrate, let alone escape with his life.
“Levitin has burdened our land for too long now,” Geinan said.”The count wants all of you to take active measures to ensure his capture.”
Range and Nicodemus looked at each other again.They both knew no one would help the count capture Levitin.The alternative was too great.Levitin would pay hefty sums to anyone willing to harbor him for a night.He had created his own network of homes and businesses that would give him sanctuary.Every noble in the land had established a large reward for his capture.They did not understand the commoner’s view of the thief.Regardless of how much money the nobles offered for his capture, the common man enjoyed watching them get their comeuppance.
“The Count has raised the reward to two-hundred gold coins,” Geinan continued. Voices rumbled throughout the room.“And remember, any who are caught harboring this thief will share in his punishment.” The room fell quiet again.If Levitin were caught, his penalty would be death.
“Levitin wears black from head to toe. He wears a blue sash around his waist.We are having a poster prepared that will detail his description further.”After a thoughtful pause, Geinan finished.“If there are no questions…” He looked about the room.“Good then.The Count and I trust you will all keep a watchful eye.”With that, Geinan exited the tavern.Within moments, the room was thundering with voices.
Nicky and Range stood and made their way to the back of the room where it was somewhat quieter, to smoke and talk.”You should track him down yourself, Range.That’s a lot of gold.”
Range shrugged.”Miriam and I are happy as we’ve ever been. The children are doing well in their classes, and our shop is bringing in good money.I’d hate to risk it all for two hundred gold. Besides, he’s eluded kings for years.How would I catch him?”
Nicky shrugged, then lit another durry.”I wonder where Lucan is?”
“Why don’t we go check on him?” 
“Now?”
“Why not?”
“I would like to have a few more pints,” Nicky said.
Range sighed.”I would too.”
A woman burst into the tavern. She cast about for a few moments in panic and then spotted Range and Nicky.She ran to their table.
“Carine, what is it?” Range asked, standing.
“They killed him!” she cried in furtive tones, trying to avoid drawing attention. 
Range grabbed her by the shoulders.”Who?”
“Lucan! They killed him!”
“Who killed him?” Range stifled an urge to yell.
“Four men! They broke into the house and killed him!” She began sobbing on the verge of hysteria.
“Why?” Range asked. 
“I don’t know!” she said through her sobs.
“What happened?” Range stood, ready to leave. 
Nicky put his hand on Range’s arm and shook his head.”Careful. Let’s get the whole story before we go over.”
They shared a look of knowing and Range turned back to Carine.”Tell, and be quick.”
“We were at home and Lucan was preparing to come to the meeting.Someone knocked at our door. Lucan asked who it was and they told him to open the door.He asked again and they tried to force the door open.”She stopped to wipe her eyes.”So he told me to hide in the back room.”
“You hid?”
“Yes!” She gripped her dress in fists.”Why did I do that? I should have helped him!”
“You would have died as well.” Range said.His fingers and toes felt numb and his throat tightened. Lucan dead? His mind flew in ten different directions.
“I hid in the back room and I heard the front door crash in. There was a scuffle and I heard Lucan yell a few times.Then it was quiet. I crept to the door and looked around.There were four men and two d-demons!”
“Demons?”Nicky sat up straight.
She nodded.
“Then what?” Range asked. A sick feeling crept into his stomach.
“The men were garbed in black. Their faces wrapped to their eyes and—”
Nicky looked at Range.”Sicari?”
Range shook his head.”With demons?” Only vile Osaban priests conjured demons. Sicari didn’t have anything to do with demons.
“The leader leaned over Lucan and asked him something about a sword. Lucan fought against the demons holding him down. They were ugly, horrible creatures!”
Range and Nicky traded looks.Who would be looking for a sword, and why? 
“Go on, Carine.” Range fought the urge to bolt over to his friend, but it was too late for that.
“Lucan said he didn’t know what they were talking about and struggled to break free from the demons. The man asking the questions pulled out a long, curved dagger and plunged it into his chest.” She started sobbing again.
“Osaban?” Nicky asked Range. 
“Has to be.”
Carine looked up.”What would an Osaban priest want with Lucan? What sword was he talking about?”
“Carine, do you have anyone you can stay with?” Range asked.
“I can stay with my aunt.”
“Good, I want you to go there now.” Range said. 
“By myself?” she asked.
“Nicky will go with you.” 
Nicky looked at him, wide-eyed.”I will?”
“You must. I’m finding a guard and going to Lucan’s home.”
Carine got up and Nicky walked her to the door.He said something to her and came back to Range.“Range, if someone is looking for the Sword. . .”
“I know. I know.”
“What are you going to do?”
“It seems that someone with a lot of resources is looking for Bellatrix.”



.


CHAPTER 3

When Gidas arrived in the town of Shak, he stopped to read the poster announcing the Day of Opening at Akilade had come again. Anticipation tingled from his hair to his toes as he read every last word, making sure not to miss a letter. 
People young and old came from all over to test their mettle to see who might be accepted into Akilade and begin learning the arcane and mystical powers of magic.Gidas dug into his memories concerning the Day of Opening and Akilade. He had studied both for quite some time.
Akilade was a school that fostered magic. It is where a commoner with the right talents could become greater than a king if he wished. He could become a member of the most powerful and independent organization in the land. The governing nobles saw Akilade as an uncontrollable force; they despised its power and unrivaled authority.Akilade, if it so deigned, could easily strip a monarch of everything he owned. The individuals attending Akilade were the best trained and most powerful in the land. If it behooved them to usurp a king from his seat, they had the power.Even the reigning monarchs treated the mages of Akilade with modest yet cold deference.
Gidas remembered long ago, Akilade had made veiled threats to certain kings who had either transgressed unjustly against other kingdoms, or were irrational tyrants to their subjects. This was the beginning of what was to come.In the following years, Akilade mages imposed their will on many different monarchical issues.They considered themselves the protectors of the land and quietly began using their powers to gain a niche in all kingdoms. They were extremely subtle. Once the kings realized what happened, it was too late, and they were fearful of calling the mages on their subterfuge for fear of retribution. How dare a king accuse Akilade of such acts? The Akilade used this niche to persuade the monarchies toward what it considered the greater good of the land. The kings were left alone in trivial matters, but the Akilade was privy to everything and the kings knew it. Some of the Akilade alumni, emboldened by their positions of power, demanded people of nobility treat every mage coming to his palace or castle like an overlord.It had been standard ever since. No king had resisted the mages for fear of losing everything, yet how could a king allow Akilade to dole out its own set of standards onto the rightful rulers?It was a delicate balance that threatened to tip.
Although all magic-users were called mages outside the School, there were multiple levels of skill within. The apprentices were called Tirconium and were expected to learn the trade of magic while performing menial the chores and tasks of an institution the size of Akilade.Once a Tirconium learned enough to begin his own studying, he was promoted to Prope Opifex, which was almost journeyman.At this level the pupil could start his own investigations on magic and start plotting his own course.The Prope Opifex was still required to attend some classes but, unless a higher-ranking person had him run an errand or handle some business, most of his time was his own. When a Prope Opifex was ready, the Prope was removed and he was simply an Opifex.The Opifex was useful to towns and baronies where he plied his trade.This is the point where the vast majority of students left the School.They had learned enough to earn a very comfortable living in any town, so few found reason to continue their studies.It was the sad ideals of a people who valued money more than knowledge. It did, however, weed out the insincere—and only those who wanted to become true masters continued in their studies.
After the Opifex showed he was more concerned with the deeper meanings of magic and its sources, he was promoted to Prope Praeceptor.This move was mostly academic, as any who expressed a desire to continue their studies were able to petition the current board of Praeceptors who invariably approved the few requests every year. The final step up was the Praeceptor.
Praeceptors were the masters and ruling body of Akilade and becoming one was difficult. They were by far the most powerful of all members, and answerable to no law but their own.Paid servants and newer members of the school did their bidding. There were many tests and trials needed to become a master mage.Many students stayed at the Prope Praeceptor level, satisfied with their roles. They had near complete autonomy, and lived a good life without the hassles of being a Praeceptor.Currently there were only thirteen members of the ruling body of Praeceptors and hundreds of Prope Praeceptors.
To be accepted into the school one had to be tested on the Day of Opening.
Gidas had come as a petitioner seeking acceptance into Akilade. The poster announced the Day of Opening was the very next day. Gidas could hardly contain himself.Shak was buzzing with the influx of people. Gidas could smell a multitude of foods cooking throughout the city. The odors begged him to come and eat, but he continued walking. All kinds of peddlers, fake magicians, craftsmen, potion makers, and sundry other less-than-reputable, individuals had come to make their fortunes off the gullible people. They yelled their prices to the milling crowd, promising acceptance into Akilade, riches, love, power, strength, and other wonderful things.
It was mostly the petitioners of the school who caught the brunt of the hawker’s goods.They would buy anything—if it helped them get accepted.The peddlers knew this, and preyed upon it like snakes on a mouse.
Gidas moved through the throngs of people and suspiciously eyed the peddlers and craftsmen. The town’s leader was on a podium giving a speech about the great city of Shak, few people were listening.
Ignoring the speech, Gidas saw a would-be jeweler trying to pawn off a worthless necklace to a fascinated young woman. The seller was telling her Benya, the only woman ever to be a Praeceptor, once owned the necklace.Gidas shook his head.He didn’t know who should be chastised more, the ignorant woman or the unscrupulous hawker. 
The heat of the day drove many people to the taverns and their shade, but Gidas found them stifling, preferring the outdoors. He spotted a portly man with bright red cheeks selling cold ale under a huge shade tree. The barkeep had set up shop with tables, benches, and a wooden bar, behind which he kept his kegs and tankards.Gidas silently applauded the man’s ingenuity and entrepreneurial spirit. He ordered a draft and sat down on one of the rickety benches. His table would not level as he placed his tankard on it and began watching the people. 
The din of the crowd was sporadically pierced by the elated scream of a young child or the raucous laughter of a man who had indulged too much ale.Gidas leaned on the table and began to think about his present and future. He must get accepted into the school if his plans were to reach fruition.He had come too far and worked to hard to fail. What was he thinking? How could he not get in? He would be accepted into the school as a Prope Opifex and would be the most powerful student ever accepted. Gidas drank his ale and relaxed.
The spectacle of Shak was a lot to take in and could easily distract him from the task of being accepted. The buildings looked unkempt and the streets were far from being serviceable.He saw some well-dressed people and a few in rags.The Day of Opening brought out various people from far away cities and towns. A gangly dog, with a small child in pursuit, ran in front of him.Gidas smelled the sweaty bodies as the people moved about.
A slight breeze gently shook the tree above him. Under the tree, the cooling breeze caressed his skin. A sense of sureness began slipping into him as he downed a few more pints over the course of the afternoon. Gidas thought about what would transpire the next day and silently toasted himself.
Many petitioners that night either reveled until the dawn, or did not sleep because of the anticipation. Gidas slept.
The next morning he was up before dawn. Revelers could still be heard outside his room. He ignored the sounds; he was ready and full of energy. After doing his morning stretches, washing his face, and gathering his things, he looked at his blurred image in a mirror and nodded.He then turned and left the room, never to return.
He had a bite to eat in the tavern below: rye bread with bacon, and a pint of squeezed orange juice. The inn was not as busy as he had anticipated; only a few other patrons were seated about the room.Most looked as if they had been up all night. He paid the innkeeper for the food and then made to leave. As he opened the door and stepped out he was pulled into a full field brimming with people. Everyone was up and ready to go. Gidas had not seen so many people in one spot in a very long time. He mumbled something under his breath and attempted to join the river of bodies.
Pushing through the crowds, Gidas tried to get ahead of some and stay behind others.The odors of the previous night’s festivities were in abundance.He attempted to put the smell out of his mind, but once he succeeded, another equally noxious odor would invade his senses.In the crowd he spotted the purple robes of a Platen.He stayed away from her.Her hood was up and she appeared to be heading somewhere in a hurry.
The journey to the School took one hour walking, which is the way most people traveled it. Gidas had decided to walk as well. The road was on a foothill that climbed steadily into the mountains ending at Akilade. The acceptance would begin at sun up, which was about thirty minutes away.
The sky grew lighter. The morning air was cool and breezy, a stark contrast to the day’s heat that would follow. Gidas heard birds begin to chirp and looked for them. As the path took him higher the rocks on either side receded and the trees thinned, revealing glimpses of distant jagged peaks, poking majestically from fog-clad bases. 
 Some petitioners were still hung over, shuffling along at a slow trod, mumbling apologies when they bumped into others. One drunk bumped into Gidas. He elbowed the man in the ribs causing the drunk to fall over. Gidas could not understand why someone would even attempt to participate in the Opening if he was not mentally prepared.Many people were so afraid of success they would purposely do anything to ensure their failure. There were probably many people who attended the Day of Opening every year and were turned down every year.He felt no pity for such fools.
The walking entourage was stopped by a group of people from the school. The petitioners were informed that only twelve people would be accepted this year. The group sighed collectively.Gidas chuckled to himself; it didn’t matter if they were only accepting one student this year.A few individuals began going back.Gidas shook his head in disbelief and disgust.He continued on.
As he rounded a bend of thick trees it came slowly into view. The school was a sight to behold.
To Gidas it looked as if a giant hand had nestled Akilade into the surrounding woods. It was on a compound, as far as the eye could see, encompassing the entire side of country and extending up into the mountains towering behind. Huge cottonwood trees hugged the school, and offered shade to the students when they studied outside.Almost a mile away a grassy yard emerged from different plateaus, like a giant flight of green-carpeted steps, encircling Akilade. A few stoned structures littered the compound in the distance.From his vantage point Gidas could not see behind the building but on the right side he spied a light mist, and guessed there might be a creek or pond. Three large spires bearing no banners shot from the top. The walls were high, smooth and straight, taller than the surrounding cottonwood trees. The entire building was a solid block with no ramparts or parapets and few windows facing the front.
One huge drawbridge appeared to be the only way in, but Gidas knew there were other ways. He had been in once already. 
There were many students speaking to new petitioners under the wide expanse of trees where the air remained cool, sheltered from the sun’s touch. Gidas approached one of the students who did not seem too interested in the entire day.Gidas wondered why an indifferent student would be out here.
The young man was tall, well built, and wore a deep brown robe that stopped just short of his sandaled feet. His dirt brown hair and eyes looked tired and unkempt.His tablet and writing utensil were held loosely at each side. Gidas looked the student up and down.He wondered if this student partook in any celebrations the previous night.
“Would you like to petition for acceptance?” the student asked, raising his writing utensil and tablet. 
“Yes, I believe so.What rank are you?” Gidas asked.
“I am a Prope Opifex,” the student gave him a disdainful look.
“Okay, I will petition. Tell me what I need to do.”
“May I have your name?” he readied his writing instrument, apparently not impressed with Gidas.
Gidas told the student his name. The man scribbled with his magic pen. It wrote very pleasing sharp text on the tablet.”Very good, and from where do you hail?”
Gidas thought for a moment.”Latrare.” 
“Do you have any special skills?”
“What do you mean?
“Can you levitate, ignite, quench, change? Anything like that?” the Prope Opifex asked. He tapped his writing instrument against his pad.
“Sure, which one do I need to demonstrate to get past you?”
The student leaned back, dubious. He looked at Gidas as if he’d smelled something rotten. Gidas didn’t like this man. He was far too arrogant. 
“Whichever you are more comfortable with. Am I to understand you can do any of the basic applications?”
“Sure, I’ll make something float,” Gidas absent-mindedly raised his hand and simultaneously the student rose into the air.The Prope Opifex almost dropped his tablet and writing instrument as he began rising.He was indignant. Gidas smiled while looking around at the gathering crowd. The student worked up a spell and hacked at the magic Gidas was using, and could not break it.
The Prope Opifex attempted to throw a ring of fire around Gidas but the fire was quenched as soon as it was created.The student and Gidas locked in a magical brawl for a few moments.Other students had begun to walk over to see what was happening.
“Please put me down,” the student said finally. Every eye was on him.
“Very well,” Gidas said. The man dropped to the ground.
“May I be permitted to enter for further testing?”Gidas asked, leaning over the big man.
“Yes,” the student said. He stood up.”I will lead you there myself.” 
“Thank you,” Gidas said turning.
“Oh, and Gidas of Latrare?” the student said.
“Yes?”
“You might want to be a bit less arrogant when you meet the Praeceptors. They will not stand for such a spectacle.”
Gidas nodded.”Let us be on then.”
The student led him into the cool interior of Akilade. 
Akilade was a mysterious work of art, simple yet elegant, masterful yet austere.It was pleasant inside as a steady flow of dry air ebbed through the vast hallways. Gidas guessed magic moderated the climate.The interior was quite dark, with only a strategically placed candle or torch offering small pools of light. The ceiling was almost out of sight, the light unable to fight through the thick blanket of darkness.He noticed many halls leading to other more secure areas of the school.No normal man could pierce the school’s magical defenses, nor could most men of magic. A council of incredibly powerful sorcerers had worked the defenses up many years in the past.
Gidas stopped to inspect a few of the huge tapestries decorating the walls, most depicted magical battles and heroic deeds performed by the founding members of the Akilade. The student directed him up a short staircase; at the top was a landing, which ended abruptly in a heavy oak door beset by two fiery torches. Another student stood there. He nodded to the guide who had brought Gidas and then opened the door. 
The student with the tablet leaned close to the one by the door and whispered,”Gidas of Latrare.” 
Gidas felt a sensation from in the room. Magic was in use. 
The chamber was round and oddly lit. It almost seemed to glow.Gidas realized the odd colored light was not odd at all, merely outdoor light that was somehow redirected into the chamber. The light pointed up to the ceiling and reflected directly back down upon the large inset circle occupying the center of the chamber. The design of the lighting kept the wall to his right obscured. Steeped in shadows, the wall climbed hugging the edge of the round floor. Someone standing on the floor below would not be able to see people watching from above. Gidas was standing at the edge of the room, at the top of a flight of short stairs. More students of the school were in the room. Some where close to the petitioners, some were standing on the edge of the room—in the shadows. 
“Great Praeceptors, we now have the third petitioner for this set and are ready to proceed,” the student who led Gidas in said.
Two other applicants stood in the large circle in the middle of the room.They were both standing leisurely, facing the Praeceptors.As he stepped down he noticed the chamber had an odd odor.He could not place it, but the air seemed to be fresh. 
One of the students standing just on the edge of the circle beckoned Gidas to the middle of the floor with the other two petitioners. Gidas noticed the students in here wore their hoods up, their faces hidden in the gloom.He took his place without looking at the other petitioners.From where he stood he could barely make out the heads of the mages sitting above. 
This was it. 
They waited for what seemed forever. Gidas was growing restless, his feet beginning to itch.He just wanted to get this over. These silly games were simply a distraction. 
“Petitioner Vargin of Rommel, please step forward,” a deep voice said, startling Gidas. 
The man standing next to Gidas stepped forward. 
“Vargin of Rommel, it is understood that you seek a position in our Akilade. How is it that you have surpassed all others to make it to this chamber?” a smaller, yet clear voice intoned.Gidas wondered too. Was Vargin’s test to get in here as easy as his?
Vargin bowed.”Your great Honors I have the ability to ignite.”
There was a guarded silence that lasted for a few moments. It occurred to Gidas the Praeceptors were consulting among themselves, but their voices did not carry to where he was.They had erected some sort of magical shield to block their voices. Wow. He was so incredibly impressed he could barely contain himself.He looked at the ceiling of the chamber and yawned. Igniting was a powerful magic. Something very few could do. As far as Gidas knew, igniting was not something inherent in a person. A mage had to give it to you.
“Vargin of Rommel, please demonstrate your ability,” a woman’s voice said. It was older, but clear and commanding.Gidas squinted to see which one was a woman.
Vargin began weaving his hands and as he did, there began to form a glowing of sorts. As he moved his hands faster and faster, a globe of flame floated in the air directly before him.It got brighter, but not much bigger than a man’s head.As it got brighter, Gidas’ attention was no longer on it, but on the mages sitting above them. The light was almost illuminating their faces.As he was about to make one out it sunk back lower, behind the wall.He frowned and looked back to the petitioner working his magic.The glow was floating above his head and moved slowly around the chamber. As it got nearer to one of the mages, it suddenly snuffed out.
“Thank you Vargin. May we also have the name of your father?” an indiscriminate voice asked.
Vargin had an odd look on his face as he answered,”His name is Tendril.”
“But he is not the man who sired you is he?” the deep voice asked.
Vargin gawked at the shadows.”No, he is not.”
“Many years ago one of our Igniters made his own way.We were never able to track him down, and thought he might be dead. It appears that he was not, and somehow sired you. Your power to ignite is not a normal one. It has the signature of an Igniter’s blood and magic.”
Vargin said nothing.
The mages did not seem to think it important to pursue the thread of conversation. After a brief silence, they spoke again.
“Petitioner Jydas of Crompulous, please step forward.” The man on the other side of Vargin stepped forward. He was tall and thin and had a serious overbite.Gidas thought he looked rather foolish. 
“Jydas of Crompulous, it is understood that you seek a position in our Akilade.How is it that you have surpassed all others and made it to this chamber?” the same deep voice asked.
Jydas bowed and spoke in a creaky voice,”I have an ability the Platen have, but I am not one of them.I am able to read a man’s thoughts and bring them to life.”
Silence. 
“Jydas of Crompulous, please demonstrate your illusion ability,” the woman’s clear voice said again.Gidas didn’t think too well of these mages at the moment. They were playing a game of power, and he found it a bit unbecoming.They were trying to be something more than they were.
“I will need someone’s mind to read, ma’am,” Jydas said. Gidas snorted at the man’s ignorant address of the praeceptor. Ma’am indeed.
“Very well, one of the students will assist.”
A student emerged from the shadows stepping into the bluish light next to Jydas.
Jydas closed his eyes in concentration standing still as a stone.As Gidas watched he noticed a fuzzy looking object about the size of a man materialize next to Jydas.As he watched it began to coalesce and solidify.Gidas could see it was a riparion—an animal with almost human intelligence, but quite fierce and deadly. It was covered in brown fur and had a snout similar to a wolf. Its eyes were black and shiny, and it stood on its back legs that ended in gnarled feet with clawed toes.It had hands like a monkey, but with sharp talons.Its ears sat atop its head like a dog.Its teeth were long and sharp, and it was fully muscled and taut, ready to pounce. Riparions usually traveled in a group called A Scream. An attack by A Scream of riparion was almost instant death.No wonder the student had that image lurking around in his mind.The more substantial the image became the more Gidas noticed the image itself was more exaggerated than an actual riparion.Its teeth were longer and it was larger—much larger.It stood over the two men by a hand, growing as it solidified.It also had longer arms and sharp claws that stood at least two inches off its fingertips.Riparions were ferocious, but this was a completely new breed. 
“You will notice the beast looks similar to a riparion, but there are exaggerations,” intoned Jydas.“It comes from the mind of the person, it is how they view the image in their head, whether it is correct or not is moot.The person’s perception is ultimately their reality.”
How true, thought Gidas. If this was his competition he would certainly be admitted into Akilade. 
Jydas stopped concentrating and the image disappeared.“I can also control the illusion’s actions to some extent. Not fine skills, but I can make them walk and other things.”
The student stepped back into the shadows and Jydas took his place in line.
“Thank you Jydas of Crompulous.” 
He bowed.Gidas guessed they were more impressed with Jydas.They had at least thanked him.
Gidas was now wondering what he could do. 
“Gidas of Latrare, please step forward.”
He did.
“Gidas of Latrare, it is understood that you seek a position in our Akilade. How is it that you have surpassed all others to make it to this chamber?” the clear male voice asked.
He had to be more careful this time and not make the same mistake he had outside. He had to be just audacious enough, but not so much as to sour their feelings toward him.Gidas had no illusions.He was so far beyond the abilities of the other petitioners it was almost scary.
A thought came to him, one that had merit.
“I came to this chamber, because I am the most powerful petitioner ever to step foot through the door of Akilade,” he said, and it was true. Perhaps truer words had never been spoken.
Gidas hoped this would work. It had better.
Finally,”Gidas of Latrare, you make a bold statement.Surely you do not mean to belittle the Day of Opening and other petitioners by impudent boasts, such pride is not condoned by this school.”
“Your honorable mages, I do not mean to boast, I am simply being truthful.”
“Then, please let us see what it is you can do,” the deep voice said again.”Surely one so great as you can spice this droll day up a bit!” he said with a harrumph.
“Very well,” Gidas said. By the gods, these mages were arrogant! They wouldn’t be shortly.
He sat on the floor, cross-legged and began to whip his hands around in a frenzy.He did this purely for show. Manipulating magic in this way was not necessary. He knew it. The mages knew it. The mages had to lean over the wall to see him. He grinned to himself.Where his hands were moving a globe of fire began to form, similar to the one Vargin had made.When completed, it floated up near the mages, just like Vargin’s globe. As it did, Gidas stood up and watched as he directed it over the wall, over the heads of the mages, illuminating them. Everyone’s eyes followed the globe.Gidas felt the force of one mage’s efforts to extinguish the ball, but the globe was relentless as it hovered above them.Another mage began to work on the globe as well, but it was not extinguished.He could feel a slight tremor build up in the mages, a certain perturbation.Suddenly all of the mages began to throw their extinguishing powers at the globe, but they were unable to impede its progress as it floated lazily above them. Gidas stood in the middle of the floor, focusing his energy on the globe. The brunt of the mages was not hard to deflect, but it did take some effort. 
He had to concentrate.
“Enough!” another voice, filled with power cried.Gidas glanced toward the voice.He could now clearly make out the faces positioned around the semi-circle. They were all older, except for the woman, who was not young, but neither was she old. They were busy trying to dodge the ball of flame, although it never got low enough to hurt any of them. The lone figure at the end of the circle was standing now.He raised his arm and the globe instantly extinguished.Gidas was shocked. How?He looked at the mage, who was now illuminated by his own purple glow.The mage was none too happy.Gidas looked at the mage with sudden respect.The mage lifted his arm and a bar of light erupted from his palm.It grabbed Gidas around the midsection and lifted him into the air and began to squeeze.Gidas fought to get out, but was unsuccessful. The ring of light that surrounded him was squeezing him in two, crushing the life out of him.The mage looked on with uncaring eyes, his demeanor calm.
With a loud scream of defiance, Gidas was crushed almost in two. His dead body was flung to the side in a crumpled heap as an afterthought.The bar of light sucked back into the mage’s hand.
There was silence in the chamber.The other two petitioners, both suddenly very afraid, looked on in awe.
The mages relaxed visibly and the ones standing sat again.The mage at the end of the half circle continued to stand. He seemed to be the leader, if there was such a thing.The mages were once again bathed in darkness and hard to discern, especially with eyes that had just witnessed such a brilliant display of power.
“Now let us determine which, or both, of these two will be accepted into the school. And let this be a lesson to any who try to defy the authority of our school. We have three other petitioners waiting outside, so make your decision,” said the mage, clearly angry about the commotion.The group was apparently ready to get back to business; this would make school gossip in a short while, once the Tirconiums were dismissed.The mages began discussing the future of the two remaining petitioners. All were astounded at what had just happened. They discussed quietly for a moment. Vargin and Jydas stood like statues.
Out of the shadows, along the edge of the chamber, a glowing orb began to form.As it grew brighter, it illuminated a figure holding it.The mages stopped talking and turned toward the glow.Walking out of the shadows at the mages was Gidas of Latrare.He had a smile on his face and as he glanced at the crumpled corpse of his body—it disappeared.An illusion.
The mages erupted into curses and disbelief.Gidas kept his globe in front of him, but he kept his eyes on the potent mage at the end of the semi circle. Their eyes locked. 
He floated the globe above his head, and it extinguished.
“Enough! He is to be ousted from the school!” one of the figures said in a ruffled voice.
“He should die for his effrontery!” a voice shot out. 
“NO!” spoke the one on the end who had stopped Gidas the first time.
“He will become my student,” he said, as if his word was enough, and maybe it was.
“He has disgraced us and the other petitioners by his actions. He is forfeit from ever becoming a student here,” the woman said in a shrill voice with all regality removed.
“I will take him as my adjutant and apprentice.He will be in my complete care, and he will not be allowed to intercourse with the other students,” he said with an air of finality not to be overridden by his colleagues.
He leaned over the stone wall to gaze down on Gidas.
“I am Lazerek,” he said from under hooded eyes,”and you are now mine, Gidas of Latrare.”



CHAPTER 4

Two days had passed since Baron Hamilcar left his small castle in Arbjorn and traveled southeast toward the Tchesht Lake. His partner informed him a week prior, via the loqua stone, that he should begin his hunt in that direction. Hamilcar had gathered his most trusted men and advisors for this trip, and having no idea where to begin looking, he decided to continue eastward until he came across a Sword or someone who could lead him in the proper direction.
The road to Shchuff was, like most in the land, smooth packed dirt that wore well on a horse’s hoof.The king’s men patrolled the entire Maciej plains from the marauders who plagued the open roads with a tight fist and quick judgment. If a man were caught breaking the laws of the land, he was summarily executed.
The weather was good, no rain and not too hot. The Tchesht Lake was only another hour east, and Hamilcar was looking forward to the cool water.They had grown hot in their saddles and were worn out from a solid two-day ride. The sun was at their backs giving them a panoramic view of what lay ahead.They rode through an area consisting of low rolling hills that never quite formed into anything steeper than a rise.Few trees were visible; those that were seemed short as if looking for a drink. The ground was rust-brown, dry, and arid. No doubt the plume, which Hamilcar and his group of twenty were kicking up, could be seen for miles. 
When it seemed as if he could not stand another hill, they cleared a rise and the lake spread out before them to the southeast.It spread as far as Hamilcar could see.He used to come to the Tchesht Lake as a child.His father would take his brothers and him to fish and talk. He was sure, on some level, those memories held meaning to him, but he could not seem to dig that deep. Thinking about his family would do him no good now. The past was better left buried. At least for now.
The lake was so enormous that some who crossed it from the south believed they had gone too far north and had arrived at Oceane.The lake resided in a large bowl-shaped valley, surrounded by a thick wood that stretched out for miles on all sides. 
To the north he could see a line of trees and shrubs trailing along the River Rzeka as it wended to the south. The river had long ago dug its way so deep into the earth, one would have to stand on the very banks to see the surface of the water. The river was shallow and wide when a king (whose name he could not remember) named it. To the north Hamilcar could scarcely make out the Coorva Bridge as it crossed the deep river. 
They would camp at the lake tonight and then move north to the Coorva Bridge in the morning.It was said that at night you could hear the lost souls of the women and children who died in the massacre Palos, a village that long ago occupied the banks of the great lake.
The men veered from the well-traveled road, and began their descent to the lake. The sun was still high and would allow them time to get to the water’s edge and set up camp before evening.Hamilcar pushed his horse; ready to be out of the saddle. His lower back was cursing him, but he ignored it.
An hour later they slowed their approach as they entered the thick wood surrounding the lake. Each rider had to direct his horse purposefully as they moved through the tangles. A half hour later they broke from the wood and arrived at the very edge of the deep blue, choppy waters. Small waves lapped against the smooth sandy shore.They could not see the far edge of the lake, simply more water.
“Let’s move farther down and look for a more open place.”Hamilcar said loudly over the lapping waves and whipping wind. The men fell in behind Hamilcar and began the trek over the shifting sand. 
A few hours later camp was set up. The sun had just descended and the sky’s light was fading fast.Hamilcar stood on the edge of the water peering out. He was smoking his pipe languidly, thinking about power and home. If everything worked out according to his plans, he would soon be practically unstoppable.
“Nice night, eh Baron?” came a voice from over his shoulder.Hamilcar nodded, without looking. It was Aveyron, his magician. 
“Indeed. The wind off the lake is cool, we may get a bit chilled tonight.” He drew a light puff from his pipe. In the budding darkness it illumined his face with an orange glow.
Aveyron was an older man, slightly stooped with age. His years had been hard, and he had not discovered magic until late in life.
“A cool night is better than a hot one,” Aveyron opined.
Hamilcar nodded with a slight grunt.”I like the cool weather as well.”
“Do you miss Talitha?”Aveyron asked.
Talitha. Hamilcar had thought of her often. Already he missed her.They had not met until recently, but they were carved from the same piece of wood.He remembered the nights she stayed in his room and they had made love until the sun was up. He found her unquenchable appetite exciting. But it was after their bouts of lovemaking that he found something remarkable: a person he could really talk to. Someone who understood what he said and responded with more than an insipid,”Yes, Milord.”He would miss her on this trip, but he would return to her and give her whatever she wanted. When he returned it would be with the power of the Swords.He would ravish her in his bed and make her call him king while he was in her.
“I miss her, yes. I have grown quite fond of her.”Aveyron was his closest advisor but still knew so little about him.Hamilcar liked to keep it that way. When the time came, it would be he, and no one else, who would take up the Sword of Saddig.
“She is a fine woman. Any baron would be pleased to have her on his arm,” Aveyron said.
“Yes,” Hamilcar said, pulling the pipe from his teeth and turning his head to Aveyron,”and so would a king.”
Aveyron nodded. He was on this expedition with his liege because Hamilcar had filled his head with pictures of peace and perfection for the land. Aveyron found the idea of the Sword intriguing.Aveyron was easily swayed and Hamilcar knew this. When they were at the castle they often spoke of the Swords and what power they could bring to the right person.How much could be done to help the land and its people.They had argued on ethics and ideals, but it was all academic anyway. They would not find any of the Swords of Saddig.No one had in a very long time and no one was about to.At least that’s what Hamilcar had led Aveyron to believe.
“Do you think we will find one of the Swords?” Aveyron asked quietly, the waves almost drowning out his voice.A stiff breeze shot up and shook the trees above causing the leaves to rustle. 
Hamilcar mused on this for a moment before answering,”Impossible to say. My partner is certain that one lies somewhere to the east. We will do as we planned before. If it is in that lost temple, then finding it is our first priority.”
Aveyron was the only one who knew about Hamilcar’s partner.The others thought it was his idea. Most just thought the Baron decided to go on some wild adventure and the Sword was some sort of an excuse to leave.Hamilcar had left his cousin in charge of the castle and the lands. His cousin was a petty, self-important man, but he would not create too many problems Hamilcar could not fix when he returned.
“Farad is still worried about the Palos spirits.” Aveyron said.
“Farad is a child.” Hamilcar said, staring out over the water.
“True enough.Would you like me to put him to sleep?”
“Is he that worried?”
“Yes.”
“Then send him back to Arbjorn.”
“Tonight?”
“Yes. I don’t need anyone who is afraid of ghosts on this expedition.”
“I will make it so.”Aveyron said, with a small bow.
The men lit a fire and began cooking some rabbit they had arrowed earlier.The smell was delectable. Hamilcar had his fill and then called it a night, his rear end and lower back needing some rest.Farad was dismissed, to his shock, and departed on his horse. 
Hamilcar’s tent was the largest, and had enough room for three people. He had only his pallet. The tent cloth was oiled to repel the elements and the smell inside was an odd mixture of grass, dust, and the oil. 
He entered the tent, sat on his pallet, and pulled out the loqua stone.In the darkness it was like a hole in his hand. The stiff lake wind whipped around outside causing the walls of the tent to flex routinely. He waited for about five minutes, silently.Just when he was about to give up, a small, bluish light began to smoke from the stone. It coalesced into the shape of a man, and began to solidify. As it did, Hamilcar’ partner was revealed. The small figure stood on the loqua stone in his hand. The figure was not well defined its edges constantly blurred and ebbed.The person wore a light hooded robe. The color was indeterminable as the image was nothing more than shades of blue. Hamilcar was still amazed at the little magical gadget.He wasn’t certain how it worked, but his partner was very adept at its manipulation.This receiving stone was able to communicate with the other stone, but could not initiate a connection, so he had to wait for his partner to contact him. Loqua stones were very rare. The rock was very scarce and the spell needed to enchant the stone properly was exceedingly difficult.
The figure spoke, in a quiet voice,”How goes the hunt?”
Hamilcar grimaced. He replied in a soft voice,”Not great. We haven’t come across anyone who seems to know what we are looking for.We mention ‘temple’ and they give us strange looks.”
The miniature figure nodded, its face shadowed,”Yes, it is called a ‘hidden’ temple for a reason. It will not be easy to find.Do not lose faith, my friend. We will prevail. We have not come this far and this long to fail.”
“I know, I know. I will get an early start in the morning and move us farther east.We will cross the bridge tomorrow and be about a day and a half from Shchuff.I will send my men out to investigate. I wish we had a Platen with us, their mind tricks would come in handy.”
“When you get to Shchuff, see if you can find one.I will contact you again at the same time of day.”
“So, in two days then?”
“Yes. Until then.” The bluish smoke flickered and then abruptly dispersed as if someone had blown on it stiffly. 
Hamilcar put the little stone back in the secured pocket of his pants and stretched out on the pallet.The sound of the wind rushing through the trees lulled Hamilcar to sleep. Just before he drifted off, he reached up and released the tent flap. A cool gust snuck in. Over the wind he could hear snippets of loud talking as men made their way to their own tents to sleep.He grabbed a thin blanket and drew it over himself.He loved to sleep in the cool night air, and even though his feet begged for relief, he never removed his boots when he slept in the wild.
He heard no ghosts that night.
The next morning three quick raps to his tent stake awakened him. He sat up, rubbing his eyes. His throat was sore, he tried swallowing a few times, but it hurt so much he gave up. It was still dark in the tent, he guessed that the sun was either not up, or had just cleared the horizon.He stood and stretched. His posterior and back were still stiff from the two days ride. Hamilcar knew it would take a few more days for his body to acclimate. It was very cool this morning and he shivered slightly. The day would be more saddle and sweat.He would take a dip in the lake with some pumice before they left.The cold water would jolt him awake and refresh his dirty body. 
He stepped into the predawn air as some of his men were bringing their tents down and packing them up. They nodded to him and bid him good morning.He could see that a few other tents were already put away.Some of the men were clustered around a campfire; it was definitely chilly this morning. The air was clean and crisp, and the wind had died down over night. Hamilcar made his way to the campfire where he could smell fish frying. He was not a big fish eater, and especially not for breakfast.He was about to beg off, when his cook offered him a plate of bacon with a cup of grainy coffee.He took both and thanked the man. He did not know his name; Aveyron had selected most of the men. The bacon was crispy and still warm. The coffee warmed him up and soothed his raw throat, despite the rough grounds that slipped down his throat. He ate a few more pieces of bacon and decided it was time to take his bath. 
Hamilcar walked down from his men and removed his clothes, the cool morning air giving him a rush. It was merely a hint of what was waiting for him in the icy waters. His father had always told him to bathe often on the road. It was one of the few things his father said that was worth heeding.He let the thoughts of his father go.They would only work him into an anger he and was not in the mood.
Never one to be afraid, he grabbed a pumice stone from his pack, stepped to edge of the water, and dove in.His heart stopped.The water was so cold his system almost went into shock. When his head cleared the water he yelled.A few of his men looked down from the bank, but seeing the baron was just enjoying an early morning bath, they continued to break camp. 
Hamilcar violently scrubbed his body down, especially his pungent underarms.He swam a ways out as his body got used to the frigid waters.He could barely touch the bottom of the lake and had to tread water to keep his head above the surface. It was a great morning; the golden sun was bouncing off the trees to the west causing them to glow. Shadows still hung on the beach and the water was smooth. As Hamilcar glanced over the banks he saw one of his men watching him closely.But there was something wrong with the man. 
He could see the figure standing on the shore a little to the east of where his men were. The man was just standing there.As Hamilcar began to swim closer to the shore, he could see the man had a bow, fully drawn, pointing at him.
He judged how far it was to his men, and if he could make it, under the water. If he could just make it to his men, or get their attention, he could find out who this man was, and then kill him.He was afraid to yell.For the bowman would surely loose his arrow.He knew that his men could easily overpower one man.
The bowman did not move. As Hamilcar sneaked a glance to his men, he was crestfallen.They were being taken hostage. 
Damn!
Whoever was responsible for this heinous act of cowardice would answer for it.Baron Hamilcar would put up with no ones antics.If this were some group of marauders, he would have their head.And where was Aveyron?He paid the old man enough coin to protect everyone with magic.
He began to swim to shore, steadily, slowly.Not wanting to alarm the happy bowman.As he got closer to the bank of the lake, he began to step out of the water revealing his nakedness. He didn’t care. He was far too angry to care.As he stepped onto the shore, the bowman, who lowered his bow, and moved forward to meet him. 
“Who is in charge of this gangly bunch of so-called men?” Hamilcar called out, striking his most powerful pose.Water dripped off, making him quite cold, but he was damned if he was going to let these men see him shiver and ask for clothes. 
“I am!” came a loud voice from off to the side. 
Hamilcar watched as a solid looking older gentleman made his way past the crowd of men.He was not tall, but neither was he short. His stance was one of wide and open, and his face was solid, yet almost friendly—scarred and puckered in many places, but it did not make him ugly.He was definitely a man who knew his way around the battlefield; his armor had scars in places that could have only come from a battle.
Hamilcar had had enough of this show,”I command that you let these men go free, and be about your own business.”
The old man blanched at such confidence coming from a naked, weaponless man.He looked at his men, who summarily laughed.His men kept a short leash on Hamilcar’s men.
“I am Hutch, at your service.”
“And I am damned mad!” fumed Hamilcar.”Release my men, or you will force my hand!”
The older man leaned forward,”And just what that might be, sir. If you don’t mind my askin’?”
Hamilcar leaned toward the older man, they were almost the same height,”If you do not release my men, I will see that you are flogged, disemboweled, and hanged!”
Hutch looked at his men, and then back to Hamilcar,”You don’t appear to be in any situation to be making threats at the moment, sir.As a matter of fact, you look like a drowned possum, who is freezing his arse off!”
With that last statement Hutch’s men began to laugh raucously.
“Toss me a sword and we will see who shall be laughing. I will gut you from your toes to your stinking neck!” Hamilcar yelled above the laughter –which quickly died off.
Hutch looked peeved.He resolutely grabbed a sword from the ground and tossed it at Hamilcar’s feet.Hamilcar bent to pick it up.
Hutch sighed.”I would warn you, sir, I am seasoned veteran in fighting and do not take kindly to being ordered around by any one except my leader. I warn you, that you will lose a sword fight with me.” Hamilcar’s only goal now was to kill this meddler, get rid of his men, and get going to Shchuff.
“Well, then I suggest you and your men leave now. I will kill you without hesitation.You can get out of my way now or later –alive or dead. Either way does not matter to me.”And with that he took his naked fighting stance. 
Hutch brandished his sword and sighed, clearly not wanting to fight.
They engaged. It was an evenly matched bout. Both were very adept with the sword. Hamilcar was vehement in his attack, while Hutch seemed to be doing just enough to keep his opponent at bay. Hutch was duly impressed with his adversary’s swordsmanship.As the fight wore on, Hutch began to tire. Hamilcar was younger, and since Hutch was not fighting to kill, he had to be careful, which cost him extra strength and endurance. Hamilcar took a moment’s short risk and shoved at Hutch who tripped backwards and landed hard on his back, when his vision cleared, Hamilcar was at his throat with his sword. 
As he prepared to drive the blade through Hutch’s neck, he heard someone cry,”Hold!”
Hamilcar looked up, clearly ready to strike down whoever interfered with his deserved kill. Bloodlust was dancing in his heart. 
The bowman was fully drawn again, and he had the arrow aimed at Hamilcar’s heart.
“If you run him through, you will fall dead before his first drop of life hits the ground.”
Hamilcar stood motionless. What could he do?This man would certainly die for his boldness and arrogance.He stayed his sword though. The bowman was within ten feet of the fighters, and if he released the bow, it would go straight through Hamilcar, killing him instantly.
Damn!
“Bowman, if you kill me, my men will hunt you down,” Hamilcar said slowly.
If this had any effect upon the bowman, it did not show.His grip was a tight as ever.
“Put the bow down!”
“No. First drop the sword and back away.”
“Idiot! I am the Baron of Arbjorn! Now back away and let me be!” He spit it out with venom. 
The bowman flinched at this, but held his bow high,”Nay sir, though Noble you may be I cannot lower my bow.You are holding First Commander Hutch Farsinger, Champion and First Knight of His King. The King of Zamek, Hesh Andard.” 
Hamilcar lowered his sword. This man was one level below nobility, but he was the king’s first commander. If Hamilcar killed him, he would have to deal with the king’s outrage, and he did not have time for that right now.He got off of Hutch, and helped him up. 
Hutch stood and brushed himself of. He was obviously not ruffled. 
“Well now, Baron, might I inquire as to the reason you are in His Majesty’s land so deeply?It is a bit odd.”
Hamilcar had to agree that it was odd.”We are hunting for the three Swords of Saddig.”
“Ah,” Hutch said, understanding,”Looking for that lost temple no doubt.”
“Yes.” Hamilcar’s ears perked up at that. This was the first person they had met in two days who knew about the temple.
“Well, I apologize for attacking your men, sir.I thought perhaps you were a band of thieves or maybe a group of Levitin sympathizers.”
“I understand, Commander. If you don’t mind, I will be on with my business now, and you and your men are free to leave.”He began to walk away from Hutch. 
“I am afraid that is not possible, sir. You and your men must accompany me to the palace of His Majesty.”
Hamilcar spun,”Why?” he asked viciously,”Commander Hutch, understand one thing and understand it well. I am nobility.You are a glorified guard. Do not think that you will order me about!”
Hutch did not move. Neither did his men. 
“Sir, we are commanded to take anyone in we find out here. Especially ones as well heeled as your group. I have no way of knowing you are who you say you are.I must take you to the castle, and if the king clears you, then I will apologize.But I am under his orders to take you in. You must take this up with him.” He turned to his men,”You men,” he said pointing to his men,”Disarm all of the Baron’s men and keep those shackles on his magician. Help them break camp and we will be heading southwest back to the palace by midmorning!”
“You will answer for this, Commander.You will pay for this arrogance.” Hamilcar said, looking at Aveyron as he was led to the front.The magician was wearing some sort of magic shackles. Hamilcar muttered the word,”worthless” under his breath.
Hutch nodded,”Yes sir, I do believe I will.”

 
CHAPTER 5

“What are we to do?”Miriam asked.
Range rolled the barrel over, revealing a section of the floor.It was the day after Lucan’s death and he was still raw inside with guilt. If it weren’t for him his friend might still be alive.
“We need to discuss that,” Range said. Miriam had just seen the children off to school.Range was moving another large crate on the other side of the floor.He was huffing with exertion. 
“Range, we can’t just run again! I can’t believe they killed Lucan.”Her nose was still stuffy from crying.She wiped her eyes with a kerchief.
“He was one of my best friends.”Range moved another barrel in the back of the room, once more revealing another part of the floor.”It really hurts that he’s gone.All because of me.” He stopped and leaned on the barrel for a moment. He ran a hand through his hair then down his face. 
“Range it was not your fault. How were you—”
“Why would an Osaban priest be in Spadix looking for a Sword of Saddig?” He stood and stretched his back.He then went back to the spot on the floor revealed by moving the first barrel.
“Does he have to be looking for you?” Miriam asked.”You’ve only got one of the Swords, not all three. Maybe he was looking for one of the other Swords!”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Miriam.”Range flipped open the small compartment in the floor and pulled a small shiny object from it.
“Am I?Range, I am not running again. We have a family here and we have put down roots. How can you just up and take off again?”
He turned to her,”Did I say I was running? Did I?”
“No, but you will.” She crossed her arms and stared at him. Her look was daring. 
“Look, if an Osaban priest is chasing after this thing, then my family is in danger.I will not jeopardize you because of this stupid Sword. It has been like a weight around my neck my entire life.” He stopped and stared at her.”You knew this might happen at any time.” He knelt down at the second spot he had revealed and opened another spot in the floor. Once again, he retrieved a small shiny object.
“But it may have just been a mistake! Range, our children are in school, I am part of many of the women’s groups here. We have a successful business. Life is good here!”
“Miriam, you’re not seeing the whole picture.This is a little too close for happenstance. We both knew this day might come.”
“Range, I agreed when we got married to leave when you say leave, hide when you say hide, run when you say run.But when do we stop?When is the running done? Why don’t you just give the Sword to whoever wants it and be done with it?”
He dropped onto his stomach and flipped open the third compartment and retrieved one more shiny piece.
“Miriam, I am sorry I’ve not given you a better life. You just answered your own argument.”
“How?”
“You said you like our life right now. And don’t get me wrong, wife, I like it too. But if I give this Sword to just any fool who happens by then I would still be responsible for how he uses it.What if he took the Sword and laid waste to our village–by himself!”
Miriam sighed,”I hate it when you talk about that Sword.”
“You brought it up!”
She crossed her arms and sighed.
Someone pulled on the front door of the store. Miriam yelled out that they were closed.
“What I need is your support,” Range said.”Believe me, if I could relinquish this Sword I would, in a moment.”
“So we’re running again,” she said.
“I don’t know.”
“Before you said we weren’t, now you say you don’t know?”
“I do not know.”
“So when will you? I would like to plan some future. What do you think this will do to the children?”
“Keep them safe,” Range said. He sat all three pieces on a table and pulled a bench up to it. Miriam leaned against the table with her hip.She had her arms crossed again.
“I want to do whatever you say. But it’s hard, Range. It’s hard to keep running.”
He faced her, twisting on the stool.”I know, and you don’t know how much it pains me to put my family, especially you, through this. We have done this so many times…”
“But it’s been so long since the last time! Zoë was just a baby!”Range pulled Miriam to him, resting his head across her chest. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and squeezed.
They had been on the run for almost their entire marriage.They had wed in a small temple in the Silvestri forest.It was beautiful, but the only witnesses they had were the priests of the temple.They could not let their families or friends know where they were. He remembered that night, the promise they had made to love each other forever. He had robbed Miriam of a good life, and his children of a normal childhood. They would make it through this, they always did.
He released Miriam. The three metallic pieces were shaped as if they would fit together like a puzzle.He sat at the table working out the proper sequence.
“Miriam, I am sorry,” he said, focusing on the three pieces.
She said nothing, but simply watched. His fingers were thick, not bulky. They worked dexterously on the oddly shaped pieces of metal.
“But I don’t think the priest who killed Lucan is in league with the same people who were originally chasing us,” he said.
“Why not?” 
“It just doesn’t seem right. Seems odd to me—“ a heavy knock pounded the front door of the shop.They looked at each other; Range’s fingers stopped their movements.
“We’re closed!” Miriam yelled to the front.
Silence.
Range left the three pieces sitting on the table. He walked up to the door and yelled directly to it,”We are closed!”
“Range!” a muffled voice said from the other side of the door,”Open up, it’s me!”Nicodemus cried.
Range pulled the bolt back and opened the door.Nicodemus moved in quickly. Range locked the door behind him. 
“Do you think this has something to do with Levitin?” Nicky asked.
“It has nothing to do with him, but I bet the count will blame it on him.”
“How do you know it has nothing to do with him?”
“Come on to the back.” Range beckoned him.
“They need to find who did this. Lucan was a good friend.I can’t believe he’s dead. Who would do such a thing?” Nicodemus asked.
Miriam gave Nicodemus a hug.”How are you?” he said, through her hair.
“I am fine. He took such good care of his wife. How is she?” Miriam asked, letting him go. 
“She was bad off when I left her with her aunt, but she will pull through,” Nicky said.
Range rubbed his face in his hands a few times.He was almost to the point of crying, but he would not let himself.Now that Nicky was here, he felt the need to let go. He didn’t have to be strong anymore. Another man was here to take the role. The tears almost came, he blinked them back a few times and they stayed back.”Lucan was a solid friend and an gentle person. He did not deserve to die like that.”
“True,” Nicodemus said. 
“And it’s all my fault,” Range said. 
“Range, I told—” Miriam started.
“What are you talking about?” Nicodemus asked. 
Range picked up the pieces and showed them to Nicodemus.
Nicky shook his head,”I don’t get it.”
Range twisted the pieces a few times more, and then they made a metallic click.Once he was finished they looked vaguely like a key.He walked over to another place on the floor and had Nicodemus help him move a large crate.Under it opened another compartment. He reached in with the key and stuck it into the hole hidden within the recess.A hand-sized piece of the wall above him moved out with a snikt, just enough to get a finger hold on and pull.
“Range, you haven’t been this ridiculous since the time that miner tried to take me home!”Miriam said.
Range pulled on the wall piece. It did not appear much longer than his forearm, but inside it was actually much longer.He reached in and pulled out an object wrapped in gray cloth.
“They were looking for a sword. They could only be looking for this Sword. Lucan knew nothing about it. If I had told him, perhaps it would have saved his life.” Range laid the gray bundle on the table.
“Range, how can you say that? Did you ask to carry this Sword? Are you doing it just because you simply feel like it? No!”Nicky knew all about the Sword and was the only person besides two others.
“I think we need to go talk to Garon,” Range said, pulling back the cloth, revealing the scabbard and handle of Bellatrix, one of the three fabled Swords of Saddig.



CHAPTER 6


 Lazerek was keeping something from him. Gidas just knew it. 
Akilade shunned comfort for its students. Lazerek had separated him from the others. His room was down a long, empty hall, and although there were many rooms in this wing, they were all empty. Gidas set up what few possessions he had in hopes of livening it up a bit, but it was hopeless. 
That was moot, however, because he spent little time in his room. Most was spent with his mentor, Lazerek. 
Gidas did not think Lazerek ever slept. The man was always doing something at the oddest times of the night and day.Gidas followed him around and ran errands like a faithful servant.In general, he was supposed to watch Lazerek and begin to learn what he could.Truth be told, he didn’t think Lazerek was much of a teacher. Their conversations were sketchy and none too constructive in the beginning, Lazerek constantly chastising him about what a shambles he had made of the Day of Opening.Gidas thought Lazerek said anything about that day only because it was expected. He really didn’t believe Lazerek was too terribly concerned about the Day of Opening.Lazerek went into explaining some of the finer things of magic and how Gidas would one day be taught what he would need to know to garner more power, but for now he was needed more as an adjutant. Gidas listened patiently whenever Lazerek spoke.His knowledge on ancient history and the land was unsurpassed. He always had many simultaneous projects and experiments in progress. Gidas was uncertain how the mage kept all of them straight in his head.They rarely ever saw or were seen by any of the other residents of the school. If they did see anyone, Lazerek was brief and impolite. The other mages seemed to simply tolerate him and the other apprentices practically ran when they saw him coming. Lazerek one day explained to Gidas that he considered the others at the school a bothersome lot. Fools really. What did seem to interest Lazerek, however, was something he kept secreted in his inner sanctum where he had never let Gidas venture. 
Until today. 

They broke their fast as they did every morning, by joining together on the balcony connected to Lazerek’s quarters.The balcony arced out from the side of the school far above the green fields that stretched to the foot of the mountains.The cool mountain air was dry and fragrant. From the balcony they had complete privacy and a commanding view of the mountains to the west.It was a glorious site as the sun lit up the mountaintops while the remaining scenery was shaded.It was here that Lazerek gave Gidas his daily routines.
Lazerek seemed somewhat vexed this morning.He pulled a vial from around his neck and took his morning sip.
“What is that you drink every morning, master?” Gidas asked.
Lazerek replaced the cork in the top of the silver flask.”It is water from the Homewood of the Hetereki. An arrogant people. They think to live aloof.”
“You drink some every morning, is it some sort of tonic?”
“It is…of sorts.” Lazerek said. 
“Okay.”
Gidas took the hint; he didn’t need to ask any more questions.
Lazerek sipped on his coffee.”I will involve you in many confidential situations.I must be able to trust you completely.”His eyes had lines of age around them, but they were clear blue.Gidas could not determine his age.
“I understand,” Gidas said. He took a bite of spicy sausage.
Lazerek eyed him with a cocked eyebrow,”I hope that you do,” he chewed the side of his mouth,”My business allows me no room for error and no second chances.If I come to a point where I have trusted you, and you are not worthy, then our relationship will come to an end. An abrupt end.”
 A slight breeze whipped some of Lazerek’s gray hair around.He pulled it back with a finger.
“I understand.” Gidas put his fork down and sat up straight. Apparently the mage thought it important enough to threaten him, so he would consider it important enough to listen completely.
Lazerek paused for a moment.He looked at Gidas, studying him for a moment. Uncertainty tainted his expressions and movements.He weighed his next words carefully.”That is good, Gidas of Latrare, but not good enough.I have hired a Platen to come here this morning to look into your mind.I was quite certain you would agree to the terms I had set down, most will, but I must know your loyalty without doubt.There may be moments in the future where I will need to trust you implicitly and cannot give pause before I do.”He eyed Gidas to see if there was any reaction.
Gidas’s heart leapt up into his throat when Lazerek mentioned the Platen person. His fear almost caused him to call the whole thing off. He once again considered what he needed to do and how to get around yet another obstacle.He was not afraid of the Platen but he was mindful of what they could do. How could he get Lazerek to trust him without the Platen?The truth was, he couldn’t. He would have to subject himself to the Platen’s mind probe and risk everything in the process.
“I will do it,” he said.
“You are probably fearing the Platen will mind burn you. Well no concerns with this specific one. I have worked with her before, she is very trustworthy and controlled.” He finished off his coffee as a knock came at the door. 
Already, Gidas thought.No time to prepare!
The Platen woman was dressed in the purple robe of her people, her face covered by a deep hood.Lazerek welcomed her in, bidding her move to the balcony where Gidas was almost coming out of his skin.
The Platen came from a far away land.There were more of them in the West than in the East and all wore a special velvet robe.The robe’s color was a nebulous mix of black and purple.Some of the elder Platen had a thin gold band sewn into their collar.If it was a symbol of mastery or just a symbol of age was anyone’s guess.Some used walking staffs to get around but most had no need.They were a tall, fine-spun people with golden blonde hair. Some said they spoke to each other through their minds and could read anyone’s mind when they chose. Rarely speaking to other people they primarily kept to their own kind unless they were hired.When they were hired it was for irreconcilable grievances. They could assist a guard by telling him who was telling a lie and who was telling the truth.They could help kings by telling them who in their staff was a spy.They could use their strange powers as both an offense and defense. Some could cause things to float like a wizard or mage and some could see into the future. It was also said they could create illusions in a man’s mind of such realism that it could kill. But the truth was most people had no idea what the Platen’s abilities were.They were mysterious and powerful and even mages were wary of them.
As the woman sat down across from Gidas, she lowered her hood slowly.Her hands were fine and delicate, her nails short and clean. Gidas was able to see that she had her golden hair spun up into a bun.Her face was flawless and her eyes had a life of their own.Gidas glanced downward as soon as his eyes touched hers.He felt stupid for his apprehension, but it did not leave.
“Lazerek has asked me to come in and judge your character to see if it is fit for the job he requires.” 
“Okay,” he said quietly.She smiled a small smile. She had the kind of face that looked like it was made to smile. 
“What I will do is not as intrusive as a full mind probe. It is a simple probe, one that will not cause you pain,” she said in a soft voice. He could just make out the slight lilt of her accent.
“I don’t think this will take too long,” Lazerek opined. He found a spot on a couch close by and settled in to watch.
“Are you ready to begin?” She asked.
Gidas looked into her eyes,”Yes.”
She reached over the table and gently grasped his hands. He let her. He then felt her probe, soft and gentle, like a feather touching his brain. Her probe floated through his mind and around it. She pressed here, prodded there. 

***

She was in a locked closet.The door was closed. She could not open it.She threw her mind against the closet, knowing it was just a mental block he had thrown up, a good one.She threw all of her considerable mental might and managed to open the door enough for a slight light to pierce, and with it she had a sudden realization.Suddenly her mind was not her own…it was… 

***

She looked up, slowly, the connection lost. He looked up as well. Gidas felt relaxed and refreshed. The Platen looked over at Lazerek. Only a few moments had passed.
“He is trustworthy and will not abuse your confidence.”
Lazerek nodded. He looked at Gidas,”Excellent.”
A thought occurred to Gidas,”Do you require this probe for all of your adjutants?”
Lazerek nodded,”Very astute.” 
“How many pass this test?” He pressed.
“None so far,” Lazerek said, standing.
Gidas looked at the Platen woman.She was obviously ready to go, having done her part. 
Lazerek walked her to the door and saw her out.Gidas saw the old mage hand her something discreetly.She lifted her hood as she stepped outside.
Lazerek resumed his place at the table and sipped his coffee. Apparently it was too cold, so he waved his hand over the cup and it was hot again.”Now, down to business,” the mage began,”I need to get many things done and get them done very soon. The time is ripe and I have decided to bring you in. It is my grandest and most sought after prize. It will give power beyond belief and wisdom beyond the ages. But I digress. It is a set of tools that we must procure! I have been searching for them for over half of my lifetime. And now I will have your assistance in this project.I have tested many adjutants and while many have promised loyalty unto death, none have ever passed the test of the Platen.This is truly a day ordained by the gods,” he said. 
He finished off his coffee and beckoned Gidas to the far north end of his room.Lazerek’s room was luxurious. The furniture was the most expensive and polished wood, and gilded on every corner. His floor was covered with the most rare Shcheshtian carpets available and his walls were adorned with the most vivid tapestries.
As Lazerek neared the northern niche of his room, he waved his hands twice and the wall began to fold open, like a huge accordion.Beyond it was the door to the inner sanctum.
They stepped through the wall and it closed behind them. Light emanated from an unseen source.They stood in front of a small door. Lazerek opened it. 
“Do not ever try to open this door on your own. If you do, it will kill you.” 
“Yes sir.” Gidas doubted it.
The door swung open and revealed the sanctum itself. 
The first thing Gidas noticed was the huge round desk that occupied the middle of the room. It was covered with writings, notes, maps and pictures.The room itself was round. A warm golden light from a small window above caught the dust in its beam. Scrolls, papers, and books with no apparent order or system covered everywhere he looked. There were hundreds of candles around the room. Some were fat, some thin, some tall some wide. The relative age of the candles could be ascertained by the amount of wax that had dripped down and pooled onto a table or paper. A fine dust hung about the room lingering and was as much a part of the room’s essence as anything else.The air was stale and smelled like mold, and it was so stuffed with documents and books that it was utterly silent.As Gidas glanced over them, he knew every language that was used in the documents.The door they had come in was the only way in or out. He had to maneuver around several stools and stuffed chairs to wend his way through. No sound escaped and none got in. The swishing of Lazerek’s robes was almost loud.
Books filled the wall that surrounded the room all the way to the ceiling. A ladder for reaching the top shelves was connected to the wall.Gidas had not seen so many books in a very long time.
“This is my project,” Lazerek said, opening his arms.
Gidas spotted a drawing of three swords.He moved some other papers that had fallen over it. The three swords were each different, but it appeared the same person had crafted all three. At the top of the page it said simply,”Saddig”.
“Saddig?That sounds familiar,” Gidas mused. 
“Yes, the three Swords of Saddig; Attingere, Bellatrix and Valere,” Lazerek said. 
“You are hunting the three Swords of Saddig?”
“Yes.”
“But haven’t people been hunting them for years?”
“Off and on.I have actually located one of the Swords.”
“Where is it?”
“South of here.I also know that another of them resides somewhere in a hidden temple of the god Saddig. But the third I have yet to locate. It does not matter though. If I can find two of them, they will lead me to the third.”
“Do you know where this temple of Saddig is?”
“Not at this moment, but once I have the first Sword, I shall focus all my efforts toward it. Even though I have scouts everywhere, it is much for one man to do.”
“This is what you need my assistance for?” Gidas asked.
“Yes.”
“Why now?” Gidas ventured.
“Because I have taken the first steps to procuring the first Sword, Bellatrix.”
“You know the Sword is Bellatrix?”
“I know.”
“How did you find the sword?” Gidas asked.
“By making great sacrifices.”
“I can only imagine. My knowledge of the three swords is somewhat lacking. All I know is people begin hunting for them every few years and when no one locates them, the hunting slacks off.”
Lazerek nodded.”When a hunt for the Sword begins, individuals seeking glory generally begin it. It is the ultimate prize, and they would simply locate it to add another trophy to their wall. A waste really, they are too simple minded to truly appreciate what the swords can do.” He sat down, and motioned for Gidas to take a seat. Gidas looked around and found a large, comfortable chair with lots of cushion.He eased into it and listened to Lazerek.
“The Legend of the Three Swords of Saddig is over four thousand years old,” he began.”Almost five thousand now.
“The story goes thus: The god Saddig was in love with his cousin, the goddess Zora. She was quite beautiful, and he was enamored of her.He decided to make her a gift and created three swords: The one imbued with the power of magic he entitled Valere which means ‘caring magic’ in the ancient tongue, the sword filled with the savageness and agility of a fighter he named Bellatrix, meaning ‘death stroke’, and Attingere, which means spirit. It was imbued with the spirit of the father god Ooln.The Swords were truly magnificent works of art, crafted by Saddig himself, and kissed by Ooln to grant them their powers. 
“Well, when Saddig brought the swords to Zora and placed them at her feet, she laughed at him and said he was a fool! She cared naught for him, and had no goodwill toward him.In a fit of rage, Saddig was about to cleave her in two, but Bzok, her brother, rescued her.Saddig fought Bzok for two days and nights, and using the power of the Swords, killed him. 
Zora fled, but Saddig pursued her and smote her as well.Upon seeing the dead body of Zora, Saddig was overcome by what he had done and flung his three swords to the earth, not caring where they landed. Ooln himself later banished Saddig from Godhome for his misdeeds. Saddig was cast to the earth and here he has wandered since.”
“Where is Saddig now?”Gidas asked. 
“No one knows. As far as I can tell, he does not walk among us.Perhaps he is still in remorse over what he did.Gods think and live differently than you or I.”
“That is amazing. So what do we do now?” Gidas asked. He leaned forward in his chair.
“I have already sent a group of men ahead to scout the area.They have been instructed not to make any moves until I get there. They are only to observe and nothing more.I don’t want any of those fools making a mistake.”
“I hope you sent Sicari, they are the best.”
Lazerek paused, with a look on his face that wondered how he should take that last statement,”Yes, I sent a small group of them…with an Osaban Priest.”
Gidas looked up sharply,”Osaban?” 
“Yes,” Lazerek said. He pursed his lips.
“You may have a lot of unnecessary deaths on your hands. Osaban priests kill for fun and their conjuring is truly evil.”Gidas was not too keen on the Osaban Priests or their magic.
“A few pitiful deaths do not concern me.”
Gidas leaned back and looked at the ceiling.”So you are saying that someone has one of the swords to the south, Bellatrix?”
“Yes.”
“And you know one is in a temple?”
“Yes.”
“May I ask another question?”
“Certainly,” Lazerek said.
“You said that Bellatrix is south of here? Does that mean that someone is wielding it?”
“No, they are more likely hiding it.”
“Why?If I had one of the most powerful talismans ever crafted, I would be using it.”
Lazerek shook his head.”No. Remember when I told you that Saddig is in the land? Well he is hunting for his swords. If he can somehow locate the Three Swords, he will have enough power to face Ooln and demand his place back in Godhome. If someone is wielding the Sword, Saddig will sense the magic being used and begin looking.Any person who would wield a simple Sword against a god, even a Sword as powerful as Bellatrix, would be a fool indeed.But if one were courageous enough and lucky enough to find all three Swords, he may be able to challenge a god. He could possibly even claim godhood for himself.That is dominion, that is power.”
“So what do we do now?” Gidas asked.
“My assassins are surely where they need to be, and any one who gets in their way or attempts to thwart their plans will be dealt with.The Sicari are one thing, but the Osaban are another.
“The Osaban are trained from the time they are small children to kill. It is part of their worship of the god Lo. This priest and I have a certain…agreement.He will, at some point I am certain, attempt to abscond with the Swords and take their power for himself, but for now I have him where I want him.”
Gidas had a sense that there was more to that relationship than Lazerek was saying, but kept his thoughts to himself.He didn’t like Osaban Priests, or their sloppy tactics. They were a ‘kill first, talk later’ type and when they were caught, merely killed more to escape.They were excellent fighters, second to none only because they did not care whether they died or their opponent did. Gidas did not want to think about their conjuring magic. It was pure revulsion to him. 
Lazerek sat forward,”Of course my young adjutant, we will be leaving the premises shortly. I am eager be off. I have planted seeds across the lands with my minions. They are spreading the word that the search for the Swords is begun.Once everyone in the land thinks the hunt is afoot, there will be just the right amount of chaos for us to proceed, unnoticed.”
“Then what is the goal of your assassins?”
“They are locating Bellatrix, so when we arrive we will wrest it from the fool who thinks to hide it.” 
Gidas nodded,”Sounds like a good plan.”
Lazerek looked up in a sharp motion,”Of course it is a ‘good plan’. Do not presume to think that you and I are partners. We will work together, and will be cordial to each other. You will show the proper deference to me, especially in public, and you will properly edify me when situations call for it. But do not be obsequious, I hate fake. Am I understood?”He peered at Gidas, his leathery lips pursed again.
Gidas was taken aback. He was completely unprepared for that tongue-lashing.
“I understand completely,” Gidas said, with as much deference as he could muster on short notice. Was this mage insane?He would need to play this game very carefully to avoid getting burned.Lazerek watched him as a cat watches a mouse.
“Now begin preparations for our departure from Akilade. I want to be gone in two days. I have already prepared the group that will accompany us. Although I hate it, I will ride horseback.” And without notice, he was back to being normal.
“Yes sir.”Gidas began planning his game.He must be careful. Even though this mage was obviously a little off, he was still very dangerous. Perhaps his slight madness made him even more dangerous. Gidas would have to be on his toes.He saw Lazerek as a sleeping baby. You had to tiptoe around and hope it didn’t wake.
Gidas stood as Lazerek did and let the old mage open the door.He left the mage’s quarters and went down to the stables.
At the stables he met Braison, the stable master.Braison was an old, bent over man. He had only one good squinty eye. His hair was never combed and always shot out in different directions.
“Greetings,” Gidas said.”I need to get Praeceptor Lazerek’s horse ready to travel.”
“When will you be departing?” Braison asked.
“Two days.”
Braison looked at him with his odd eye.”You Lazerek’s new apprentice?”
“Yes sir.”
“Aye, I’ll get it ready for ye.”
“Thank you.”
“You need a horse too?”
“Yes, thank you.”
“You traveling with Lazerek?”
“Yes.”
Braison walked to Lazerek’s horse.”Ought to be mindful of that old wizard.”
“How so?”Gidas asked. This is just what he needed, some insight into the mage.
“He’s an odd one, he is. Older’n dirt too.”Braison arrived at the bay where Lazerek’s black steed was.
“Older than dirt?”Gidas asked.Braison looked older than dirt. Braison looked like he invented dirt. 
“Sure thing.” Braison stopped and turned his eye on Gidas,”Word has it he’s about two hundred-fifty years old.”
“That’s not possible,” Gidas said. No one lived that long.
“Not sayin’ what’s possible and what ain’t. All I’m sayin’ is he’s over two-hundred years old.”
What had the mage said about the tonic he kept around his neck? It was from the Hetereki.”
“He doesn’t appear to be more than forty-five, maybe fifty,” Gidas said.
“Aye, its magic boy,” Braison said, tapping his finger to his skull and squinting his one good eye. 
“If you say so,” Gidas said.Lazerek could not be that old.There was no magical fountain of youth.No spell you could utter every morning that would keep you young. Lazerek, it appeared, was full of surprises.
“You’re his fourth apprentice,” Braison said.
“Really, what happened to the last three?” Did he really want to know?
Braison opened the stall and led the horse out.”Don’t know. The last one was about seventy years ago, if memory serves. He was here one day and gone the next. Rumor has it he made Lazerek mad and the mage got rid of him.” The old man dragged his rough finger across his wrinkled neck.”I was just a boy then. But old Lazerek, he still looks just like he did then. I reckon if he shaved off that old beard and cut that hair of his, he’d look barely forty.”
“Great,” Gidas said. Was this how Lazerek got rid of the adjutants who didn’t pass the Platen test?And how did he stay so young?
Gidas had a lot of questions he wanted answered.



CHAPTER 7

Range lifted the large sack full of supplies with a grunt.Miriam brought out three more boxes to the wagon.Mel and Zoë were playing around the back of the wagon and the sun was shining.People walked by, not certain what to say. 
Range had decided it would be best to see Garon.Nicodemus had agreed with him. Miriam did not. She had wanted to stay in Spadix. She and Range had argued for almost an hour and she was adamant about not wanting to leave, until Mel and Zoë came to the store after school. Once they wrapped around her legs, she hugged them and looked up at Range. The look in her eyes said it all. 
They were going to see Garon. 
They had talked it over for an hour and finally decided to have Nicky’s cousin, Hubli watch the store until they returned—if they returned. They must go north and deliver the news to Lucan’s family living in Romus. Garon lived in Romus. They had no idea where Lucan’s family really lived. Lucan had only mentioned them in passing. 
This wasn’t the best idea, but it would work. People would question them: Why can’t you send a message? Why do you all have to go?Range would make it clear this was not the kind of message one sends via a messenger and the trip would take a long time, so he could not leave his family behind.
Once filled, the wagon was too full to seat the entire family, but the Sword was well hidden among other mundane things. 
“I’m going to talk to Wil’Darrian,” Range said to Miriam.
“Okay.” She was stuffing blankets under the seat of the wagon.
“I will get him to pray for us as well,” Range said. Wil’Darrian, the priest would need to help Range with one small detail. 
“When are we leaving?” she asked as Range began to leave. Mel and Zoë had come around from the front of the wagon. Mel hugged his mother.
“As soon as I get back.”
He trotted across the town square, noticing how people watched as he passed. Everyone was wondering what he was doing. Let the townspeople have their rumors and gossip, let them all hang. Lucan was murdered and he was going to make certain he didn’t let his friend’s death go for nothing.
The temple was empty this time of day.Wil’Darrian would be in his office.Range’s heels, clipping on the marble floor, were the only sounds in the temple. This temple of Ooln was one of the smaller in the land. The smell in the building was clean, as if it had just been washed. A large stained glass window covered the entire wall behind the pulpit, the myriad of colors bleeding onto the floor and the dais.Range passed the wooden pews, hard and smooth, and walked to the right of the marbled podium and dais.Hidden in the shadows was the plain wooden door leading to the office. He knocked.
“Yes?” the muffled voice of Wil’Darrian asked from the other side.
Range opened the door, sticking his head in.”Are you busy?”
Wil’Darrian was sitting behind his desk and looked to be scribbling something on a parchment with a magic pen.A window behind him provided ample light to work by.To Range it looked like the man was frustrated.His old brow was furrowed, causing wrinkles to start almost at the top of his bald head.He was hunched over the parchment, attacking it.
“Never too busy to talk to a brother of Ooln!”Wil’Darrian said, standing and tucking the pen behind his ear.
Range stepped in and shook Wil’Darrian’s hand. He stood over Wil’Darrian by almost two hands.”Well met.”
“Well met,” Wil’Darrian responded.
He motioned for Range to sit.
“What can I help you with, Range?”
“I need to leave Spadix.”
Wil’Darrian’s eyebrows furrowed again.”Leave?”
“I am going to give Lucan’s family the news of his death.”
Wil’Darrian leaned back in his chair, and sighed.”Ah yes, that was horrible.I found out only yesterday afternoon myself. Truly unfortunate…”
Range nodded. He could feel his throat tightening again.
“Range, may I ask. Was he close to Ooln?”
Range shook his head.”Unfortunately, I don’t think so.” Wil’Darrian was like a father to him.With what had happened to his own father so long ago, Wil’Darrian had become someone Range could speak with on issues from his family to his business.They had grown close over the years. Range knew he felt closer to Wil’Darrian than the old priest did with him. Everyone confided in Wil’Darrian, but the priest rarely confided in any of his congregation.
Wil’Darrian shook his head.”Terrible, really.”
“I agree. He will be missed.”
“But this still does not explain why you are leaving. You have a supply store to run and a family to care for. How can you simply uproot and leave right at the beginning of winter?”
“Nicodemus’s, cousin will be watching the store for us. It is what is right.” He hated being vague to the priest; it made him feel dirty and childlike.May Ooln forgive him for his sins.
“You cannot send a messenger?”
“Lucan was murdered. He didn’t just die. I think this is a special situation needing personal attention,” Range said.He was hoping that was enough to get a nod from the priest.He needed Wil’Darrian to accept his story.
Wil’Darrian’s mouth stretched to the left as his head twisted to the right,”Maybe. But what will happen to your family? Your store?” He chewed on the side of his mouth as he always did when he was thinking.
“My family will be with me. I am taking the children and Miriam.”
“There’s that at least.” Wil’Darrian pulled his pen from his ear and began to fiddle with it. After a moment, he tucked the pen behind his ear again.
“And I need your help with the store,” Range said.
“I know nothing about running a store,” Wil’Darrian said, with a snort.
“I don’t need you to run it. Nicky’s cousin, Hubli will do it.”
“Okay, so what do you need from me?”
“There is a good chance I might not return.”
Wil’Darrian’s eyes widened.”Why would that be?”
Range grimaced for a moment.”I want to give the store to Lucan’s wife, Carine.”
“So why would you not return?” Wil’Darrian asked.
Range closed his eyes and sat forward.”Many reasons.”
“You will make no money from it, no profit. And what does Carine know about running a supply store?”
“Please, just write something up to do it. Carine has helped Miriam many times in the store and has a working knowledge on the daily routine.” Range didn’t need the money from the sale of the store. He just wanted Carine to be taken care of.
“Why isn’t Carine going with you?”
“She’s never met Lucan’s family. They were married here. Her family is here.”
“Why are you doing this? Do you feel responsible for your friend’s death?”
Range shrugged.”In a way, yes.” 
“Why?”
Range stared at him.He had never told the priest anything about the Sword.He knew anyone he told could potentially be in danger.”It’s very complicated.” He stopped talking and the quiet stretched out.
Wil’Darrian sat for a moment, chewing the side of his mouth.He sat forward.”I will do it on one account.”
“What is that?”Range asked.
“You do not merely give your store away. You sell it to Carine.”
“But I don’t—”
“I don’t care. You sell it.I will handle all the paperwork; you just sign the store over to me. When I do I’ll send you the money or hold it for you.”
“Hold it,” Range said. He had no idea where he would be or when. He would just give the money to Carine if he returned.
“Fine,” Wil’Darrian said, casting about for his magic writing pen.He finally found it tucked behind his right ear.”I will fill out a document you can sign that will turn the store over to me.”He began scratching on the parchment. The pen was a long brown cylinder with a tapered point.When the priest pressed it to the parchment and wrote, lines of ink trailed.
Range pulled a durry out, lit it with some quickflint, and began smoking.He was thinking about Lucan and the one who did this. Why would an Osaban priest be looking for one of the Swords? Could it be that a new party was looking for the Sword? Someone had alerted the Osaban he was in Spadix. Who could it have been? Perhaps the ones who had originally chased him across the land had obtained the assistance of the Osaban. It seemed unlikely, but who else?The bloated corpse of his past began floating to the top of his thoughts.
“Okay, I’ve got it,” Wil’Darrian said.He slid it over the desk to Range.
Range broke from his reverie and read it, a basic document stating his store now belonged to Wil’Darrian Vashan who had the right to sell it and give all profits to Range.
“Looks fine,” Range said, borrowing Wil’Darrian’s pen and scratching his name.”Let her pay you out. If she has no coin right now, give her the store and let her pay you from the profits.”
“Excellent,” Wil’Darrian said.He looked at Range,”Is there anything else?”
“No, and thank you,” Range said. He began to stand.
“What else is going on, Range? There is something there.”
“It’s nothing,” Range said. If only the priest knew. If only Range could tell him. He wanted to tell Wil’Darrian everything; the priest could be useful on this trip, especially if they were dealing with Osaban priests. 
Useful? Is that how he looked at people now? Would they be useful to him on the road? Range grew mad at himself. He wanted to the use the priest. Wil’Darrian, a tool. He could not lie to himself. That was his initial thought. He could hate himself later.
“What are you not telling me?” Wil’Darrian asked. 
“Lots,” Range said.
“And you’re not going to tell me? Range, if there is an Osaban priest involved, you might very well need my assistance.” Wil’Darrian said, scratching his chin.
“I cannot.” Range could not have another person involved. His guilt could only weigh so much.
“Are you going to seek revenge on the one who did this?”
Range plopped back down with a sigh.”No.”
Wil’Darrian looked skeptical.”Remember, our father god forbids vengeance. Do not—”
“It’s not that,” Range said, raising his hands in a defensive manner.
“You’re not going to tell me what it is?”
“You would be in a great danger.”
“The same kind of danger Lucan was in?”
“Apparently.”
“So he was privy to this information?”
“No.”
“And yet, since he was a friend, he was susceptible to the danger.”
“Yes. That is my fault.”Wil’Darrian was a friend too. 
“It’s your fault you made a friend?”
“It’s my fault I put him danger.”
“This makes no sense.”Wil’Darrian sat forward in his chair and folded his arms across his desk.
“I am truly sorry for that,” Range said.
“So Lucan knew nothing and still was murdered. That murder smelled of Osaban. Reeked of it.So you tell me—what will keep me safe?”
“I don’t know,” Range said.Wil’Darrian was much safer than Lucan was.
“My faith in Ooln will see me through this,” Wil’Darrian said.”But will it see you through yours?”
“I hope so.”
“Remember your Father.His power is greater than anything on this earth.”
“I will,” Range said.
“Let us pray.” Wil’Darrian bowed his head and leaned it on the desk.Range put his head on the desk across from the priest.They prayed for a few minutes. Wil’Darrian did most of the praying, Range simply said,”Let it be” when the priest was done. 
Range stood and shook the priest’s hand again.”Thank you father.”
Wil’Darrian’s face softened,”Be careful out there Range.Whatever did this and caused you to bolt must be dangerous, especially if an Osaban is involved. Take care of your family, for it is what strengthens a man. Oh!” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a vial of clear blue liquid tied to a rope.”Take this. Keep it around your neck at all times.”
“What is it?” Range asked, taking the vial.The viscous blue contents sloshed around.
“It is blessed oil. I have sensed an Osaban, and if I am correct, you may very well need this.”
“What do I do with it?”Range lifted the rope over his neck and tucked the vial under his tunic.
“Use it sparingly, when the need arises.Apply it to your blade or use it to splash if you are in an emergency. But remember do not waste it! And don’t forget to consult your Docere often.”
Range nodded. He had already packed the holy book of Ooln.”I shall take it with me. Thank you again.” He stood and left.
Once outside, Range glanced at the sun. It was almost noon. There was plenty of time to get on the road, head north, and put some distance between his family and the town.He walked to the wagon.
“Where’s Nicodemus?Wasn’t he supposed to be here?” Miriam asked as Range stepped onto the wagon, inspecting the load one more time.
Range looked around,”Yes, but he knows where we’re going. I am anxious to leave, and he can catch us.” Range was worried about his friend. Lucan’s murder loomed over everything now. Range shook himself. Nicky would be fine. He would meet them soon.
“How did it go with Wil’Darrian?” Miriam asked.
“He agreed to everything.” He didn’t bother telling her about the extra agreement they had made. All it meant was they may have some extra coin waiting for them if they returned. He knew they would never return to Spadix.
Nicky was nowhere in site when they left.



CHAPTER 8

Gidas sat atop his horse surveying the scene. Two days had passed and they were ready to travel. The sun had not yet completely risen and the air was still crisp.He sucked in the air, feeling its coldness sweep up his nose and lungs. The road leading away from Akilade was before him and it never looked better. It was finally his escape.He would not have to sit in that mage’s room, which had become more and more suffocating, or run through the hollow halls of Akilade on errands. It was bliss to be outside and in the open air. 
Lazerek sat next to him, with a group of fifty mounted men.
The men were the best. They had been trained at Jahvel’s school, Cznia Mizrak and had arrived the day before.
Lazerek was eager to depart.Other magicians in Akilade were asking questions about their missing colleague.They wanted to know where the man was and who had seen him last. Gidas knew very little of what had happened, but Lazerek seemed not to care one whit about the man.Gidas did notice, however, Lazerek was very much ready to leave the school. He would ask the mage about it later.
Lazerek reigned in his mount and motioned for the leader of his men, Brock, to come.Brock was a big man; he was well muscled and taut. He looked ready to pounce at any time. His head and body were covered by a dull armor, black as night.Gidas was certain they would be hot in those. He had found out these men were not just good warriors; they were Sicari.Sicari were better than the best graduates from Cznia Mizrak. They were the elite students who trained further into their martial art, almost to a spiritual level.Gidas scoffed at that.As if a person could reach spiritual enlightenment by sweating and beating a post.Ridiculous.The Sicari were supposedly trained directly by Jahvel who was, without question, the most physically combat-adept man in all the land. Jahvel had not given these men to Lazerek. The mage had paid for them on the open market. Jahvel and Lazerek were loose partners, and Gidas wondered how Jahvel would take it knowing Lazerek had chosen to purchase his own company of men instead of using one supplied by his partner.
“Are the men ready?” Lazerek asked.
“Yes sir, they are.”Brock’s horse was turning in a circle, and Brock had to turn to keep his face toward Lazerek. 
“Excellent, I plan to be in Spadix in three weeks, hopefully sooner.”
“We will make certain you arrive safely, sir.”
“See that you do.” Lazerek motioned for his horse to move toward the road, the rest of the entourage followed behind.As they left the general area of the school, Lazerek took his horse up to full gallop for a short while.
Gidas followed behind, enjoying the freedom.
They would be sleeping that night in Lex. He couldn’t wait. 
Anything had to be better than that little, windowless room he had been sleeping in. It had smelled like mold and death.
They would be passing through Jahvel’s school soon. Gidas couldn’t wait to see Jahvel’s face when Lazerek showed up with his own complement of men.



CHAPTER 9

Range estimated it would take six days to reach Rommel, the largest city to the north. They could spend nights in any of the towns along the way.A few more weeks and they would be in Romus. Winter will have set in that far north and Range knew it would be difficult to travel; he didn’t care.If people were hunting for the Sword, then they were hunting for him.The pursuers had already shown their true intentions by killing his friend.The hard truth was he would sacrifice ten friends if it meant keeping his family safe.
When they got to Rommel they would have to stock up on winter gear. He needed to hire some mercenaries too.He and Nicky were not enough to protect his family against a large group of bandits. That is, if Nicky ever showed up.
The horse began to move forward as Miriam snapped the reins. The day was nice; it was late morning, not too many clouds in the sky, and a light breeze blew from the north. The children were playing seek games on the wagon. Range walked alongside. None of the Ironstone family looked back as they left their home of five years.Range felt a shiver snake up his spine when he realized they had not looked back.
The road they traveled was the major route from Rommel to Spadix. Traveling north and south, it was solid packed dirt, with speckles of stone where the count of Spadix had attempted improvements but finally caved in at the cost. Thick ash and oak trees lined the sides of the road and an expanse of wild green grass provided an adequate view on either side and ahead.
Range was suddenly overtaken with the feeling they had been watched while in the town and were now being followed.His stomach became uneasy and he began routinely looking over his shoulder to the south. Why was he feeling this way? They had just set out and he was already spooked. Seeing a family pack up and close their shop would have been obvious to anyone watching for suspicious activities. He cursed himself for not being more careful. 
The road had bent about a quarter mile back and was now hidden by the trees on either side.His impaired vision added to his sense of uneasiness.
 As they made their way further northeast, the frequency of houses and people diminished.The king’s men patrolled this road to the north, but Spadix was responsible for safety here in the south. Range knew for certain that his count did not send troops to patrol.
After traveling about thirty minutes, they stopped to let Zoë relieve herself.She went behind a tree while Miriam stood by, guarding.Range was frustrated and hoped the entire trip was not like this.They needed to get away, and quick.He stood facing the south, hoping against hopes that he would not hear or see anything. 
“Can you girls please hurry it up? I would like to get to Rommel before I am old!” Range called, trying to sound casual.
He wanted more than anything to be back in Spadix running his store.
Their heads whipped around at the sound of a rider coming hard from the south. 
Range stepped quickly to the wagon and pulled his sword from atop the supplies.He held it level as the rider drew near. His large frame was shaking with anticipation. Could he protect all three by himself? He was not certain. He had Mel crunch down into the front of the wagon. Miriam stepped behind the large oak with Zoë.Range felt better; if someone came upon him, they would hopefully think him alone.He glanced down at his sword and it made him think of the hidden one.
As the rider completed the bend he reined in his horse.The chasing cloud of dust caught and enveloped him.
“Ho! Range!” a voice said from within the cloud. 
Range leaned forward,”Who is it?”
“It’s me!Nicky!”
Range let out a sigh. His legs suddenly wanted to give way, and his heartbeat was to the point of bursting.He began to come down from the rush.When Nicodemus heard Range was going north, he expected to go as well. Range reluctantly welcomed his friend’s assistance, another tool for him to use. On this long journey they would need more than one arm to wield a sword. Selfishness had won out over concern.
The rider came close and it was Nicodemus.Range put his hand on his chest in relief.
“Well met! I am glad to see you, friend,” Range said, letting his sword point tip to the ground. 
“As am I, but we must be on.” Nicky looked over Range, at the two women.”Miriam, Zoë, we must hurry! Run! Run!”They began to run.
Range was growing uneasy; panic setting in,”What! What is going on?” And for the first time he looked at Nicky. The man was disheveled and had clearly been in some sort of scuffle.His blonde hair was stirred and his clothes were dirty and torn.
“No time to explain!” Nicodemus kept looking back the way he had come.“Range, if you love your family, get on the back of my horse and let’s go! Go! Now! Hurry!” Fear grabbed hold of Range again. 
Miriam and Zoë leaped onto the wagon; Range pulled himself up behind Nicodemus. 
“Miriam, we need to ride fast, can you handle the wagon?”Nicodemus yelled to her.
“Better than Range, I’d wager!” she yelled back, her walnut hair whipping around her smooth face.Range thought she looked beautiful at that moment, determination set in her eyes. 
Nicky nodded.”Then let’s go! Go!” Nicky looked south again. He had to lean way out to see past Range’s body.Range looked back too, but all he could see was the dissipating cloud Nicky’s horse had created. Range felt funny riding behind his diminutive friend like this.It seemed it should be he directing the horse and Nicky the passenger. 
Nicodemus kicked his horse, and Miriam gave a shout, shaking the reins of hers.The wagon took off slowly, the horse gradually gaining speed.Soon it was pulling the wagon much too fast for the road, every bump and jolt almost causing Miriam and the children to fly out.Mel and Zoë used one hand to hug each other and the other to grip straps attached to the wagon. Nicky kept pace, careful not to leave the wagon. 
Range kept looking behind them, but caught sight of nothing. The dust was too thick. They rode as hard and fast as they could, unknown fear spurring them on. 
Range sensed something evil approaching, like a storm. He was just about to turn forward again, when he saw something. He was not certain of what it was, but it was not a rider on a horse, more like a loping wolf, or dog. But in the short glimpses he caught, its gait was unlike any dog he had seen.Whatever it was, it was pacing them on all fours.Dread gripped him; he looked ahead to where Miriam was barely controlling the wagon. They could ride no faster.
Range tapped Nicodemus on the shoulder.”There is something behind us!”
Nicodemus caught a quick glance then kicked the horse onwards. The animal was tiring, but kept its gait.
“What in the name of Ooln are those things?” Range yelled to Nicky again. 
Nicodemus turned his head sideways and said flatly,”Demons.”
“Well what do we do now?”
“Run maybe?” Nicky said.
“We must kill them, Nicky!They are evil incarnate!” It was the duty of any follower of Ooln to battle the evil of the god Lo.Range had the necessary tools to kill a demon, but how many were there and how powerful? Indecision churned his stomach.
“I agree but I fear their master more. And I have no Ooln’s oil.”
Nicodemus directed his horse next to the wagon.”Miriam, you continue to ride at this same pace, and we will catch up to you, slow down only after it appears safe.”
“What are you going to do?” she asked, whipping the horse like a madwoman.
“Just ride woman! Protect your children!” Nicodemus barked and slowed his mount.The wagon sped on.
Nicodemus kept a fairly quick pace, it was clear the beast could not sustain its current rate for much longer. Just as Nicky was about to rein the horse in, a dark figure darted out and scratched the steed’s left haunch.The leg went limp mid-gait and immediately the horse fell to the left. Nicodemus and Range were thrown; they tumbled viciously but came to their feet, swords in hand.The horse tumbled over itself and broke its neck with a loud crack.Nicky spat a curse.Range looked about for the demons.As the dust began to settle figures seemed to coalesce before their eyes.
The two demons looked much larger close up. They were about the size of a wolf, but with arms and legs more similar to a human.Their skin was dark crimson, spotted with darker black and brighter vermilion. Their heads were long and tooth filled, like a dog. Their eyes gleamed with a black pearl essence and their ears pointed raggedly at the sky. The demons moved with a clumsy grace. They didn’t seem to be certain of where their bodies were moving at any given moment, but when they reached their destination, it seemed as if they had meant to saunter that way.The two humans and two demons stood in a meadow surrounded by trees on all three sides except the east where the road spooled to the north and south. 
The demons simply bobbed in place, like a cork in a pond.
“What are they doing?” Range ventured out of the side of his mouth. The sight of the demons caused him to almost freeze up with fear.
“We need to do something Range, I do not want to meet up with their master, and I have nothing to kill them with.”The demons weaved to and fro, watching and waiting.
The men approached the demons. Again the demons backed away. They were staying just out of reach.
“We need to leave. They will not fight, they merely run from us, leading us to their master or him to us,” Range observed. 
Demons were conjured by Osaban priests to this plane from the plane of Lo.The more powerful the priest the more powerful demons he could conjure and the greater his control over them. It was a difficult task as the probability of a demon breaking from the control of his priest was always present.The battle between the demon and the priest was a continuous dance while the demons existed on this plane.Smaller demons generally could not speak and were controlled more easily so were conjured more often.Some of the more powerful demons had actual names and were very intelligent. They were rugged, ferocious, unholy, and near impossible to kill.No follower of any god in the land condoned the practices of the Osaban priests and their worship of Lo.The Osaban practices dismayed even the other sects of Lo.
“Then we must kill them,” Nicodemus said.”Although I don’t know how. I have no blessed oil.”
The two men backed slowly away from the demons.Not willing to turn their backs on the beasts.The demons moved toward them, keeping pace.Range reached into his tunic and pulled out the oil.Nicodemus saw him,”Is that what I think it is?”
“Yes.”Praise Ooln and Wil’Darrian. The priest had been right to give the oil to him.Range thanked Ooln one more time and began to pull the stopper out. 
“Hurry up!” Nicodemus said, standing in front of Range.
“How do we use it?” Range asked. He had finally gotten the cork stopper out, but was not certain what to do next.
“Put some on our swords,” Nicodemus said. 
Range dipped his finger into the oil. He rubbed up and down the blade of his sword. The oil stuck to the metal like skin.Once he was done, he handed his blade to Nicky and applied the oil to his friend’s sword.He crammed the stopper back into the vial and stuffed it back into his tunic.They swapped swords and then tried to approach the demons again.The demons backed away as they moved.
“By Ooln’s beard, this is no good! If we try to kill them, they run; we attempt to run, they follow!” Range said again. 
“Their master will be here soon, I am surprised he has not gotten here already,” Nicodemus said.
Range’s heart was clamoring in his chest.”Who is their master?”
“I’d introduce you, but I wouldn’t want to be there personally to do the introductions.”Nicodemus was in his element.Range could not fathom how he could be witty at a time like this.
“So what do we do? Wait for the priest, or do we run?” He could kill the man who had killed Lucan.Or could he?Could he kill an Osaban priest? Did he have the ability? 
“He has eight Sicari with him. So I don’t recommend we hang around with our friends, Red and Redder here. We need to be on our way, and soon.”
A thought occurred to Range. 
“Nicky, lets split up and see what these demons do.”
“Hurry.” Nicky was clearly ready for any idea that included some action.
They walked a short ways from each other, and a demon followed each of them.
“Good,” Range said nodding.”Now you walk in a circle, I will stand out of sight, and you walk by where I am—here.” He indicated a willow tree with limbs almost touching the ground.”I will hide until you lead your demon by, and then strike him down.”
“What about yours?” Nicky indicated with his sword.”Won’t he tell his friend what we are doing?”
“We shall see. Let’s try.”
“Well, whatever we do, we must hurry,” Nicky said, running away from Range.As soon as he and his demon were out of site Range hid under the limbs of the willow tree. The other demon bounced on his feet, not taking a step. Range stood silently. He heard Nicky coming back around; making noise. Range inspected his sword in the shadows, the blue tint of the blessed oil almost glowing.Range waited until Nicky was past, and the trailing demon came rambling into view.Nicky stopped and turned toward the demon, he got its attention by yelling some horrid obscenity at it.The demon looked at him with vague disinterest.Range turned to spot his demon; it was standing off behind him. Good. It made no motion to warn its brethren.
Suddenly, Range burst from the tree and swung down on the demon, cleaving it in two with one strike. The demon let out one quick screech, but fell to the earth in a mushy lump. A blue light formed around the demon and dissolved it like acid. 
“Well, that’s one,” Nicky said.”They sure do stink when you cut them open don’t they?”
They turned toward Range’s demon, as it just bounced from side to side watching them.Range said another small prayer to Ooln.He was so thankful for the oil he almost cried.
Nicky walked toward the beast, and it moved cautiously back. 
“We must hurry, Range it is your turn to run around.”
Range moved toward the demon as Nicky took his hiding spot.Range made the circle and came back around. Nicky waited in the shadow of the tree. As Range walked by Nicky lunged out toward the demon, but the demon had seen what happened to its companion and was on to their plan.It rolled to one side and screeched. Range and Nicky surrounded it.
“Well that didn’t work out all too well,” Range said.
They began to close in on the small demon.Nicky swung at it. The demon jumped over his head and onto his back.
“Ooln’s beard!” Nicky cried. 
Range ran to Nicky and tried to stab the thing.The demon raised both of its human like hands and swung them down on Nicky’s back.The claws on its fingertips bit into Nicky’s flesh.He cried out.Range lunged with his sword, but the demon launched itself into the air, over Nicky’s back and onto the ground. It spun about and came at Range.Range swung his sword down to block the thing, but it jumped at his face at the last moment.It let out a terrible scream as Nicky’s blade skewered it in mid-air. 
“Let us be off,” begged Range.”Are you okay?”
“I will make it.” The back of Nicky’s tunic was ripped in numerous places and blood seeped out of ragged cuts. 
“Here, try this.” Range pulled the stopper from the Ooln’s oil and poured a small amount into his hand. 
“Will that work?” Nicky asked. 
“Hopefully.” Range pulled the cloth away from the cuts and rubbed the oil into the wound. 
Nicky yelled.”That burns!”
“Be still, I almost finished.” Range rubbed a little more into the wounds and then put the stopper into the vial. 
“That feels much better,” Nicky said.”I think it worked.”
“We will check it again when we find Miriam and the children.”
“Ah!” Nicodemus said, looking at his dead horse.”Let me get some of my supplies.” 
“Be quick, Nicky,” Range was now worried they would not be able to catch Miriam and the children before their pursuers did.
Nicodemus rummaged through his satchel not finding what he wanted. Finally he cursed, and took the entire bag.
They flew in a northerly direction, staying off of the road but always keeping it in sight.
They ran for what seemed an hour, but was more closely a half hour when Nicodemus slowed.He was breathing hard, but not as hard as Range. Range had been walking for about an hour before all of the excitement and was on wobbly legs. 
“Do you think we are followed?” Range said through harsh breaths.
“Yes but I think we have escaped for now.The priest probably lost the connection to his demons and is confused.”
“Tell me what you know. How did you know the demons were chasing us?” Range asked his breathless friend.
“They were at my home.”
“What?” Range stood with his hips on his hands.
“The Osaban and his group were waiting for me. But they missed.” 
“How?”
“I heard one of them in the woods.”
“You heard a Sicari?” Range said. No one ever heard a Sicari.
“He sneezed,” Nicky said. He tried to laugh, but could not draw the breath.
“Thank Ooln.” A Sicari with a cold. That seemed funny to Range.
“Anyway, I made my way around as quietly as possible, and spotted the Osaban through the trees.” He looked back the way they had come. The shade of the tree they were standing under was cool with the wind blowing.The breeze invigorated Range. He felt better. 
“What happened then?”
“The Osaban spotted me as well, and spurred his men after me.I had no choice but to run. I did not want them to find your family so I rode south and then switched back.I thought I had lost them, but I guess not.”
“They were leading him here?”
“Once they had found us, it was only a matter of time before they began to draw the Priest of Lo here.”
Range tucked his sword into its scabbard,”Damn! We are running from an Osaban Priest.”He sighed and scratched his head.”Why do you think he was going to kill you?”
“You said yourself that Lucan was interrogated before he was murdered. Maybe they thought I knew something about the Sword, although Osaban priests rarely need a reason to kill. Seems odd he would come to Lucan and then me.”
“Why would he think you or Lucan had anything to do with the Sword?”
“Whoever this is, Range, they are looking for the Sword. And they don’t care who they kill to get it.”
“I already said that,” Range said.
“Sorry.”
“If the Sword were to fall into evil hands…”
“You already said that too,” Nicky said,”and it’s our job to keep it from happening. I don’t know about you, but having to do the bidding of evil just isn’t my mug of ale.”
Range agreed.
They kept moving north as the day drew on. Darkness was just falling when they saw a small campfire ahead.
“I hope it is them,” Range whispered. The wind was blowing itself out. He didn’t want his voice to travel.
They snuck close to the fire and peered through a large bush. The camp was a good distance from the road. If it was Miriam, at least she was being careful. But why would she start a fire and set up camp?
It was his family, and a man.
Range looked over at Nicky who shook his head.
Nicodemus began to move from their hiding place, when Range placed his hand on his friend’s arm. He shook his head, and motioned for Nicodemus to stay put. He reached over and whispered into his ear,”Let me go first. If anything is wrong, come and help.”
Nicodemus nodded. 
Range stayed and watched for a moment longer. He inspected the campground. The man had his own horse, a nice one. He was about Range’s age, maybe younger, and well dressed. His shirt was a thick cream color and in the flickering campfire his trousers were black, or blue.Range’s family seemed in no immediate danger. Miriam was casually carrying on a conversation with the stranger, who was sitting on a log, skinning an animal.The children were sitting next to their mother sipping on mugs. The wagon was parked behind them; the horse was tied up, grazing.
Range stepped out of his hiding spot.The children saw him first and cheered as they ran to him. Miriam had a look of solid relief on her face.She almost broke down into tears as Range hugged her. 
“I thought you had been killed!” she whispered through sobs.
“I am fine.”The children each got their hugs.He whispered to each one of them to say nothing about Nicky. Zoë would not release her father, clutching him like a baby.
Range stepped toward the campfire. The man stopped cleaning the animal, stood and extended his arm,”Greetings, sir. My name is Sterlin Similow.”Range shook his hand. It was soft but he could feel strength under the flesh.When his hand was released Sterlin bowed extravagantly.
“Nice to meet you. My name is Range Ironstone.”
“Well, Mr. Ironstone, we seem to be meeting under odd circumstances,” he said, with a disarming grin. He was a normal sized man, making him much shorter than Range, and a much smaller frame. He was slight, but Range noticed he moved in a fluid way. He also had the look of a noble or a very wealthy person. The way his hair was cut, the belt he wore around his waist was new and thick. The buckle looked to be solid silver.His boots were hard leather and polished. The rings on his fingers were ostentatious.As a matter of fact his whole person was ostentatious.One ring in particular caught Range’s eye, it had a huge brilliant ruby seeming to glow of its own accord.He wondered how the man moved about without getting robbed at every turn, especially on the road.
Range eyed the man as he sat back down and began stripping the fur from the rabbit. 
“Do you need any help with that?” Range offered. Sterlin was tearing the animal up. 
Sterlin stopped and sighed. He looked at the maimed rabbit and then at Range,”You know, I’m really not very good at this. Your help would be greatly appreciated,” he smiled again, and Range, despite himself, smiled back. The man had an unoffending air about him and seemed genuine. 
Range took the half-skinned rabbit from Sterlin and began trying to repair the damage.
Range looked up.”So where might you be traveling to? If you don’t mind my asking.”
“I don’t mind at all, nowhere in particular. I was going up to Rommel to see the dancing bears. Did you know they train bears to dance up there?I have heard it is truly a sight to behold.Me? I would never get near a bear! No sir!” he shivered for a moment. 
The sun had pretty much gone down and night was fast approaching. Range inspected their position carefully. Sterlin had chosen a good spot. The campsite was not visible from the road, and a light wind still blew to the west—away from the road. 
“What do you do for a living, Mr. Similow?”
Sterlin was digging for his pipe,”I am in the trade business. I am known as a middleman. I neither buy nor sell; I simply find a seller and a buyer and get them together. I get my percentage and the two individuals get what they want.”He packed his pipe with some leaves from a pouch and lit it.The fragrance was unlike any Range had ever smelled.
Range wondered what the man really did.That did not sound like a job where you could make enough money to buy the things Sterlin was wearing.”Sounds very interesting.”
Sterlin nodded.”Sometimes it is, sometimes it’s boring. I have made a good sum of money so I am now on a vacation of sorts. I am traveling around the land and visiting all the cities. And please call me Sterlin.”
“Okay, Sterlin it is. And call me Range.”
He nodded with a smile and a wink,”Range it is.”
After the rabbit was properly skinned, they put it on a spit and began rotating it.The children were glad to see their father again, and he was glad to see them.
Miriam secretly told Range they had pulled off of the road to watch.Sterlin had already set up a small camp and was about to start a fire when they happened across him. He sensed something not right and offered them a place to stay for the moment. She had originally declined the offer, but then accepted when she could think of nothing else. So Miriam had not started the fire and set up the camp. 
After about half an hour Range called for Nicodemus, who came cautiously out of the hiding spot.He stretched his back as he walked.
Sterlin looked up, not too alarmed.”What is this?”
“I was not certain about your motives for being here with my family, and I wanted to make certain everything was okay.”
Sterlin nodded, as he stood up to shake Nicky’s hand,”I cannot blame you for being cautious, it’s a good thing.My name is Sterlin Similow.”
Nicodemus took his hand,”My name is Nicodemus Tithonus.”
“Nice to make your acquaintance,” Sterlin said, sitting back down on his log. 
“Thanks for making so sure your family was safe,” Nicky said to Range, arching his back again.
They ate small portions of the rabbit along with the bread and cheese Miriam had packed.They washed it down with soft summer ale. After dinner, Range and Nicky pulled out their durrys, and Sterlin pulled out his pipe.Everyone was somewhat lethargic after dinner. Miriam checked Nicky’s wounds and they appeared to be healing properly with no evidence of any lingering poison.
Mel snuggled up next to Range,”Father, will you tell us a story before it is time to sleep?”
“Not tonight, son.I am too tired.”
“Please?” Mel asked.
“I don’t think so,” Range said.
“I would be happy to tell you a story,” Sterlin said, through his pipe.
“Really?” Mel said.
“Let Sterlin rest,” Miriam said. 
“It’s not a problem at all,” Sterlin said.”I rather fancy myself a good story teller anyway, so I would consider it an honor if you all would listen while I cant.”
Sterlin scooted down further on his log and leaned against it refreshing his pipe.A soft wind chilled Range, hinting at a cool night.
Sterlin began:”I will now tell you the hoary account of the father god Ooln and his brother, the evil and despised Lo.“A very long time ago before the land existed in its present state, father god Ooln was happy and content in Godhome.He had his children who gave him company and steadfast love. Ooln was happy but his love was too much to simply share with his children so he decided to create the land and mortals. He created mortals in his image and endowed them with a free will.
“Lo saw what his brother was doing from his own obscene realm.He felt envy and hatred in his heart.His brother was creating a land for his people. What did Lo have? Nothing but a spiteful heart and a wicked mind. His anger and jealousy caused him to conspire loathsome plans and thoughts, and one day while Ooln’s attention was elsewhere, Lo attacked Ooln’s people. Being a god, and they mere mortals, he wiped the land of humans, killing them in the most vile and despicable ways possible. He—“
“Please! The children’s ears are innocent,” Miriam interjected.
Sterlin nodded.”You are correct. Please forgive me.” He turned toward the children again.”Lo laughed to the sky, a bold and rancorous sound it was. He was heady from the blood of the mortals, feeling more potent than he should. 
“Ooln’s attention returned too late.A sickness overtook him for a short while.He mourned his mortals and the fear they had endured for he loved them as any father loves his children. Ooln decided to offer a place in Godhome to all believers in his commandments and the ones who followed his creed.He also ordained that any who believed Him could channel a part of his essence. Godmagic was born. 
“Then he became angry,” Sterlin paused dramatically, looking at his audience with an eye full of things to come.
“Ooln is a peaceful god, not a wrathful one,” he continued.”But on that day Lo felt the wrath of Ooln. Ooln descended to the land where Lo attempted to hide and confronted him.Lo was boastful and proud of what he had done when confronted.He laughed at his brother and his ‘pets’.Ooln called forth the awesome power that was his and smote his brother, scarring the land.Today this place is called The Gleboki, which means ‘wrath of god’. 
“Lo attempted to block the power of his brother, but Ooln would not be denied on this day and was relentless. He continued to rain down upon his brother more and more of his wrath and raw power. Entire mountains were leveled and rivers emptied.Lo, seeing he was overcome, attempted to retreat to his land.Ooln caught him at the last moment and attempted to pull him back to this realm.Lo called forth two of his most powerful demons, Gar and Dem, to attack his brother. They attacked Ooln, who merely shrugged them off.Their power was nothing to him. He quickly banished them to their realm.However, in this moment, Lo escaped to the underworld.
“As I said before, Ooln would not be denied this day.He followed his brother into his realm.”
Sterlin stopped for a moment a tamped his pipe on the heel of his boot.”I will tell you this: No one knows what happened down in the realm of Lo that day. But thunderous peals of power screamed forth from the realm of Lo.It is believed that Ooln wiped the realm of all the demons.Every single one.”
“So who’s in the underworld now?”Mel asked with a tired voice.He had leaned against his father while the story was being told. 
“Oh there are many more demons now, yes indeed.Lo easily spawned many more demons to populate his realm.Even from behind the Moenia his power is still great.”
“What is the Moenia?” Zoë asked.She was not as sleepy as her brother, sitting up with her arms folded over her knees.
Sterlin smiled, not used to questions when he was canting,”The Moenia is the realm where Ooln imprisoned his brother.Moenia keeps Lo from directly attacking this land.He can do it through his followers, but he can never enter again thanks to Ooln.”
“Why would anyone want to be a follower of Lo?” Zoë asked.
“Power,” he said.”Lo promises all who follow him great power.You see, once Ooln allowed his own power to be channeled, every god began doing it.All of his children, trying to be like their father allowed anyone who worshiped them to draw upon their might. To continue his campaign against Ooln and his children, Lo allowed his followers to draw upon his power.”
“That’s wrong,” she said.
“Aye it is, but there are many who are lured by the promise of easy power.”
Range stretched.”Well thank you for the story, I think the children need to get to bed.”Zoë dragged Mel from his snooze.
Sterlin inspected Nicky and Range as the children began to clean up,”You all seem to be in sort of a petrified state, if you don’t mind my saying so. When I saw your missus and children come around that bend, they looked quite frazzled.” He paused to stuff his pipe. Neither Range nor Nicky said anything,”Now, mind you. This is none of my business.”
Miriam watched Range closely. He sat quietly, thinking.
“We are traveling north to deliver bad news to the family of a friend,” Range said.
“A sickness or death?” Sterlin asked.
“Death,” Range said.
Sterlin shook his head.”Tragedy.”
“He was a close friend.” Range was suddenly on guard for some reason. 
Sterlin leaned further toward them.”I will tell you something I saw while I was in the town of Spadix.” 
Range and Nicodemus both sat up. Range had not seen him in the town.
“I was up at night, at The Singing Elk, do you know where that is?” Range and Nicky nodded.”Anyway I decided to go for a short walk to clear my head. It was quite late, and I didn’t see too many people. Anyway I was quite drunk, and stopped inside of an alley to catch my balance. I stood, leaning up against the wall for a time, regaining my balance and such.
“Well anyway, as I stood there, I saw a black figure followed by a number of others, creep down the street, away from the baron’s castle.I was very drunk, but not stupid, I stood very still.After they had gone, I cautiously stepped out and made my way back to The Singing Elk, quickly locking myself in my room.I was so drunk, that I was quickly asleep, but the next morning I packed my belongings and made clear.” He paused for a moment and leaned back with pursed mouth,”Well…after a few pints at the inn. But soon as I was done I was headlong for the north.”
“Is that all you saw? How many were there?”Range quickly asked.
Sterlin nodded,”I thought you might have some interest in them…” He eyed both of the men from under his eyebrows. 
“Possibly,” Nicky said.
“Not a good sort of people, eh?I can’t say who they were, but I can say they weren’t the best sorts, to be running around that late at night. Mischief is the only thing accomplished that late at night. Yes sir, mischief.” He pointed at them with his pipe as he spoke.
Range nodded.
“Did you see anything more?” Nicky asked.
“Not really, why?”
Range and Nicky sat once more, smoking durrys, saying nothing.
Sterlin waved his pipe,”If you cannot say, then you cannot say.” He shrugged.”I will not press you further on it.I am not the badgering sort.”
“Thank you,” Range said. 
“I am traveling to Rommel. Will you be going that way?”Sterlin asked.
“Yes. We will pass through the city,” Range said.
“Perhaps we can travel together until we get to the city.I have been alone for a while and find the company of others somewhat invigorating, and there is strength in numbers.I was told this road was patrolled by the count this far south, but I’ll tell you the truth, I haven’t seen one soldier since I left.”
Range looked over at Miriam. He trusted her sense in this better than his or Nicky’s.She shrugged her shoulders.No help there. Range stood.”Sterlin, I appreciate your offer, would you mind if I talked it over with my traveling companion and wife?”
“Feel free! I will stay here and let you discuss it.And please do not feel obliged to say yes. If you decide it would not be in your best interests, we can part ways in the morning,” he nodded. 
Range, Nicodemus and Miriam went to the head of the wagon and huddled together.Miriam made sure the children were preparing for bed. 
“What do you think?” asked Nicodemus.
“I don’t like it,” answered Range.
“Range, if he had meant to do us any ill, he had the perfect opportunity when I was alone with him,” Miriam said, pulling a wind-whipped strand of hair from her face.
“She’s right, Range.”
“Do we need his help?” Range asked looking at the two.
Nicodemus rolled his eyes,”You know we do. I see no reason not to let him come.If we are going to make it to Romus, then we will need to hire some people eventually. We will not be able to defend ourselves.If someone pushes, we won’t be able to shove back.”
Range shook his head,”Always thinking of the fight.”
“Of course, old man!”
Range shook his head. Nicky always called him old man but at thirty-one, Range was only two years older than his friend.
“Okay. We will let him come with us.But do not trust him.”
“Uh, okay, and who do we say is chasing us and why?” Nicodemus smirked.
Range put his hand on his chin,”Let it lie. Hopefully he got the message.”
“I agree,” Miriam said.
“Trust no one but ourselves,” Range said. The other two nodded.
Range reached over and gave Miriam a hug,”I am glad you are safe.”
“I was more worried about you,” she said.
“I was fine.”
Nicky sighed,”Ack! Enough with the love.”
“Who was that behind us?” she asked.
“Ask me at another time,” Range said.
Miriam snuggled into Range’s massive frame.”What is to become of us, Range Ironstone?”
He looked at Nicky. Uncertainty sat like stones in his friend’s eyes.
“I do not know, wife,” he almost whispered.Nicky shook his head. 
Range held Miriam for a moment longer.He was uncertain what they were doing now.The foundation he had built for his family over years had been blown away in the matter of hours and his course was in doubt. Being chased by demons and running for your life was no way to raise a family. A child needs a secure place to grow up and a wife needs a husband to be her partner, not her protector.He would find some way to get rid of this Sword and get back to a regular life. He would make sure of it. With a final squeeze, he released Miriam.
They moved back to where Sterlin was sitting, casually smoking his pipe.
“We would like it if you would come with us.”
“Wonderful,” he said, raising his pipe to the night sky.
“I want to make sure you understand something,” Range said. 
“Uh, oh, what might that be?” Sterlin asked.
“We may, at some point, face thieves or marauders on the road.I need to make certain I can count on you to assist if necessary.”
“Not a problem.We will complement each other. It is much better for three men to travel together than one.”
“Agreed,” Range said.
He smiled and raised his pipe in a salute,”To new friends!”
As the night progressed Sterlin never asked about who was hunting them or why.Range was relieved.
Night came and the men were getting groggy.The children were fast asleep.
Range assembled a makeshift tent onto the top of the wagon. The tent was big enough to fit two adults comfortably, but just.The children fit in with room to spare and it kept them off the ground. Miriam would sleep with the children on this journey; she and Range had already discussed it.He and Nicodemus would sleep under the wagon. Sterlin had his own small tent where he slept and had placed it in a tight copse of trees so it could not be seen from the road. He was cautious about little things and that made Range feel better.
Miriam climbed up into the small tent, careful to avoid rousing the children. Range’s bed was made of two woolen blankets. The skies were clear, but the air was thick with moisture.He usually lay awake for a while and this night was no different.
Range thought of Lucan’s murder.He was not certain if it was a sign from Ooln giving him warning to move out or if it was merely a chance occurring.He had to believe it was Ooln’s way of helping him and watching out for his family. Range was just about to fall asleep when he heard a scream. He shot up, sword in hand and banged his head on the bottom of the wagon.Were the demons back? The scream sounded like Zoë, and it came from above.He pulled the flap away and peered into the darkness. He could sense movement and some whimpering, but that was all.
“Range, it’s all right. Zoë just had a bad dream.She’s fine now.I guess all that business today put a fear into her,” Miriam said. 
“She nearly caused my heart to fail!” Range whispered, although it was not necessary.Nicky and Sterlin were both moving about in the darkness.The moon was not coming out tonight, wispy clouds streamed by white stars.Range could smell rain on the wind. 
“Let’s all try to get some sleep,” Range offered.He gave Zoë a fatherly rub on the back. She touched his hand.
“Thank you for coming to help, father,” she said with a wet nose. 
“That’s what I am here for sweetness,” he assured her and let the flap close.
Range and Nicky returned to their places under the wagon. Sterlin bid them good night.The sun would be rising in about six hours and Range could feel the dampness in the air. A storm was definitely coming. He knew he would not get much sleep that night, but finally dozed off.



CHAPTER 10


Gidas stood on the balcony watching two men hack away at each other with large wooden staffs.He was quite bored. The men below were excellent fighters and were no doubt some of the best trained warriors at Jahvel’s school. But his admiration for such skills was admittedly low. 
The school was called Cznia Mizrak in the old tongue of the east.Most people simply called it Jahvel’s.It was where men went to learn the art of martial combat, both weaponless and with every weapon known.Gidas snorted. He had never needed to use his fists to solve problems. 
The morning air was cooler today. He stood on a breezy balcony looking out over a rich blue sky and flat, lightly wooded land.He moved back into his simple but elegant room. He had a huge four-post bed, two heavy desks with elegant gilded lamps.He had his own privy and a huge fireplace well tended by the staff of Jahvel’s.Covering the floor was a thick rug.
A knock disturbed his thoughts.
“Yes?” he called.
“Master Lazerek would like you to come to his quarters right away,” came a muffled voice from the other side of the door. 
“Yes, tell him I am on my way.”
“Yes, sir.”
He washed his face and put his shoes on. Lazerek seemed to want his attention every waking moment. Half the time Gidas did no more than just attend to him and waste the day away doing nothing.Sometimes his master would deign to teach him some piece of obscure magic but to what end he could not imagine. Oh, the games these mages played.
He collected himself, and made his way to Lazerek’s room. The halls in Cznia Mizrak were designed to commemorate Jahvel’s numerous victories in battle. Numerous tapestries depicted battles won and enemies vanquished, how enrapturing.Jahvel seemed to have no shortage of immodesty, the entire school being a shrine to his greatness.People said there was no better fighter in the land than Jahvel—even the Osaban Priests were said to pale in comparison to his skill. Gidas doubted that, but had seen nothing to convince him either way. When you got right down to it, who really cared who could defeat whom? 
Jahvel was no longer young, but the man still looked in the prime of health. Gidas wondered what was happening with all this slowing of age.Jahvel did not look much younger than himself, and he knew the man had to be as old as Lazerek. Well maybe. If Lazerek was really over two hundred-fifty years old, then Jahvel looked like a newborn pup.
He knocked on Lazerek’s door. 
“Come.”
He opened the door.
Inside were Jahvel, Lazerek, and a few of Jahvel’s men.Jahvel did not seem to be able to go anywhere without his small entourage. 
Lazerek’s room was more like a small house. It was a monument to opulence—from the thick rugs to the shiny wood, from the ornate tapestries to the heavy gold lamps. He tried to catalogue all of them in his brain, but it was futile.This visitor’s room was set up strictly for the most powerful individuals in the land and Gidas thought it was aptly decorated.His eyes landed on Jahvel.
Jahvel was a man with a body made for hand-to-hand combat. He stood over every other person in the room by at least two inches.His hair had some slight graying at the edges. His skin was a light, almost yellowish, hue. His eyes were glistening coals of fire. His nose was long and angular, and his mouth was a thin line. Although Jahvel stood still, it appeared he could strike suddenly.He stood in what Gidas thought was an odd stance.He seemed to be leaning back constantly with his arms crossed. 
Jahvel’s hand rested on Gamaliel, the ancient dagger of the gods. It had been crafted by the god Bzok many thousands of years ago who imbued it with part of his spirit, providing some imperviousness to magic.He sensed a begrudging respect between the two men, but no friendship. They spoke to each other cordially, but it was obvious that Jahvel did not treat Lazerek with the same deference that every other person they had come across did. 
“You sent for me, master?”Gidas said bowing slightly. Jahvel attacked him with a stare.
Lazerek was just putting away his silver flask.
“Yes.We are departing Cznia Mizrak soon and I want to make certain you retrieved the books I have requested from Jahvel’s library.”
Gidas nodded.”Yes Sir, I have them in my bag, ready to depart.” 
“Excellent, those books will be helpful in our search for that damned hidden temple.It has come to my attention that something has gone wrong to the south and we must get there with haste.”
“Yes, sir.” Gidas found an out of the way place where he could stand.He was not dismissed, but it was clear Lazerek was done with him. He was not allowed to leave the room so he had to endure simply standing and waiting. If he was not in yelling distance, Lazerek seemed to become irritated.
Lazerek turned back toward Jahvel.”I appreciate the force of men you are sending with us.But I am not certain if it is necessary.”
“Aye, I believe that it is necessary,” Jahvel started; his voice was untamed, yet genteel.”The word has gotten out that another hunt for the Swords is afoot and everyone is jumping on the wagon. You will have many bands of thieves, cutthroats, burglars, and their ilk running about the countryside hunting for the three Swords of Saddig.This land is about to become another madhouse, and you are leading the way.”
“I shall be quite safe. I am a mage.” 
Jahvel stood taller.”We make good partners, and if, by my sending more men, helps you retrieve the swords, especially Bellatrix, it is worth it.” 
Gidas almost laughed out loud.Lazerek would never share power.Perhaps that is why Jahvel wanted to send his own men with Lazerek so they could keep watch on him.Gidas knew Lazerek’s power and Jahvel and his entire school had no idea of what real power was. Lazerek needed no man to protect him. Bellatrix would belong to Lazerek, and no other. At least not for a while.
“We do make a good team,” Lazerek lied.”I will accept your men in our group. You are sending me with your Sicari, correct?”
“Of course, they are the best.”
“Excellent.”
With the addition Jahvel’s fifty men, the party was now quite formidable.


CHAPTER 11

Range had a pebble in his shoe, it had been there for a while, but he had tried to ignore it. 
“We need to stop for a moment,” he said. Nicky turned toward him, Miriam stopped the wagon, and Sterlin pulled his horse up.
“Is everything all right?” Sterlin asked.
“Oh, fine, I just need to fetch this pebble out of my shoe. It is sending me out of my head.”
Range leaned up against the wagon and pulled off his boot. Mel and Zoë took this as a break and hopped off the wagon to play.
The rain had tapered off earlier and the sun was now shining.The warm light dried up the ground and warmed their skin. They had traveled all day and soon it would be dark. Sterlin told them about an inn ahead where they could spend the night.Range watched Sterlin as they traveled but could sense nothing suspicious about him. 
Range was beat. He had not walked all day like this in a long time. His feet ached, his calves cramped up on him routinely.He was a mess.Range knew Nicodemus had not journeyed either and must be at least twice as worn out.Nicky offered no complaints though.Miriam and the kids seemed to be doing okay in the wagon. She had walked a few times during the day to give both Nicodemus and Range a break.They were reluctant to stop, not knowing what pursued them. Range still had not shared the information with Miriam. He felt guilty, but he could not bring himself to add to her worries. 
“We will soon be at the Grazing Doe and be able to rest for the night,” assured Sterlin.”They have the coldest ale and the best meat.My mouth is watering just thinking about it.They use a sweet wood to cook their food,” he finished with relish, rubbing his stomach. 
“I certainly hope so.I could use a break from this walking, perhaps we can purchase a few more horses there to help speed up our trip,” Range said, rubbing his sore foot. He eyed the pebble that fell from his boot with a stern look.
“I don’t know if they have horses there.Maybe we will find a few fine fillies to facilitate our fatigued feet.”Sterlin stopped and puffed himself up, clearly amused with his use of the language. Nicky looked at Range as if to say, where’d you get this guy?
Range shook his head and shrugged.”Let’s be on with it.” He put his boot back on his tender foot.
The area was extremely hilly. As he walked up each knoll, Range thought he would not make it another step and as he descended into each dell he was certain that he would lose his balance and go tumbling down in front of everyone.On the top of one rise, they could see the bend to the left where Sterlin said they would find the Grazing Doe.Range was glad it was downhill. He looked over to see how Nicky was doing.His friend was walking along, whistling a tune, carefree and loving life.Range wanted to strangle him.
The Grazing Doe was a friendly-looking place. The building was two stories and tucked into the surrounding woods on the east side of the road.Built of tan bricks, the inn seemed to blend into the trees.Under the covered entry, two brass lamps burned. A polished double door with huge brass loop handles provided the only obvious way in.Smoke gently issued from the chimney while the sun still illuminated the second story with an orange light.As they approached the door, they could hear faint music, and the smell of cooking meat just about pushed them all out of their heads. Range saw a few other horses and wagons pulled up outside.As they came closer they could see a young boy sitting out front, whittling on a gnarled chunk of pine.
The boy stood and walked toward them; wood and knife in hand. He was gangly, about fourteen, with fiery hair and freckles.
“Hello folks, ya’ll need a room for the night?” He was affable enough, Range thought.
Sterlin stepped his horse closer.”Why certainly young man, and some food and drink as well.”He pointed to the sky while speaking as if he were saying something of great importance. 
“Yes sir, we got two rooms available, and plenty of food and drink for you folks.” He eyed Zoë with a quick cut.She pretended to ignore him while trying to sneak a peek herself. Range would have to keep an eye on that boy tonight. 
“Well be about it, boy!We’re famished,” Sterlin said, dismounting.The boy spun and ran back into the inn. 
The children jumped from the wagon, and Miriam was helped by Range.The boy emerged from the inn momentarily and behind him was a smiling older gentleman with the same fiery hair.The man was as gaunt as the boy; he had ruddy cheeks and a warmness about him that exuded”innkeeper”. He had a dingy white towel thrown over his shoulder, and a brown apron around his waist. 
“Welcome to the Grazing Doe, my name’s Avor.Please come in and get settled. My son will see to your horses, and watch over them as well.”He motioned for them to follow him into the inn. 
Range paused at the thought of leaving their belongings to this complete stranger. 
“Range, it is fine, I have stayed here many times, and the people here are honest. You have no need to fear about your belongings.”Sterlin assured him. Nonetheless Range would be out here momentarily to fetch the Sword.Miriam gave him a squeeze as if to say, it will be all right. He did not like leaving the Sword out, unprotected.
The inside of the Grazing Doe was just as friendly as the outside.The patrons were seated at large tables, talking quietly; the musician was playing An Ode to Dimities on his mandolin, a song loved in the south. Thanks to four oil-burning lamps placed around the walls, candles on the tables, and candles hanging above each of the tables, the room was well-lit. The innkeeper had placed polished pieces of metal directly above the lamps to reflect the light of the candles. Range was impressed by the innkeeper’s ingenuity. The walls were white-washed, and clean. The floor was also uncharacteristically clean as well.The inn smelled of sweet pipe smoke and meat.A large hearth burned warmly in the corner. Two men leaned against the mantle, sipping on tankards of ale.Avor seated them at a table meant for eight.Once they were seated he took their orders and scurried off to fetch their drinks. A woman and young girl were moving between the tables offering more ale and cleaning up. Range guessed they might be the innkeeper’s wife and daughter.Zoë leaned over the table toward Range and said,”Father, this place is much nicer than The Singing Elk back at home.
Range smiled at her,”Yes it is, perhaps we should talk to Otto when we get back. See if he can make some improvements.What do you think, Mel?”
Mel, always one for improvement offered,”Sure. That place is gross and smells like a hog’s house.”
“I would keep that to myself if you ever run into Otto, Mel!” Nicky said.
Mel nodded. 
Soon, Avor emerged from the kitchen with three ales, and three wines.He placed them on the table and asked everyone what they wanted to eat. The only meat he had was chicken and cow.The cow was two coppers, and the chicken was one.Range thought the prices high, but there was nowhere else.They ordered, paid, and Avor scurried back off to the kitchen, stuffing the coins into his vest.
The other customers appeared to be travelers as well. Most were fairly decent looking and kept their conversations comfortably low.Range saw a few rough-looking men sitting by the fireplace laughing.He knew he would need to hire a few men like them to assist on the trip, but was not sure how to go about it. Did he just go and ask?How much?How did he know which one to trust?
One man was sitting by himself nursing a tankard and did not appear to be with the other group of men. His clothing was black and a wooden staff, tall as a man, and big around as a child’s wrist, leaned against the wall next to him. His hood covered his face and his sleeves came to the wrists. The man looked strong, wide in the shoulders and—if his tunic did not lie—very well muscled.The man’s eyes floated around the room from under his hood and at length landed on Range.He gave Range a small nod. Range nodded back, politely.The eyes were nothing more than glitters in the shadows of his hood.
Avor served up steaks which were cooked to perfection and tasted slightly sweet. The chicken was juicy and tender.Mel and Zoë laughed and giggled during the entire meal.Miriam was quiet; she leaned silently against Range, putting her head on his shoulder.He softly caressed the side of her face. She was exhausted. Zoë and Mel asked if they could request a song from the mandolin player, Range said it was okay. 
“Father, will we really be sleeping here tonight?” Zoë asked. 
“We will,” Range said. Miriam put her arm around Range.
“Wow! We’ve never stayed anywhere away from home like this before!” she said as she approached the musician.
Range smiled and nodded.”You should be thankful, and give a prayer to Ooln tonight.”
“Yes, sir. I will be happy to pray about this.” Mel grabbed her and pulled her with him.
“Range, they said they only have two rooms open,” Nicodemus said.”How do we want to divide the group?”
“Let me see the rooms. I am ready to head up and get some rest, how about the rest of you?”Range asked.
“I could sleep for a month,” Miriam moaned.
“I think that a night’s rest would do us all some good,” Nicodemus said.
“Aye, I would like to see our room and—” Sterlin never finished his sentence.
A fight broke out on the far side of the room between two of the rough looking men.Zoë and Mel were to close and Range could see they were about to have the wrestling men on top of them.
“Range—” Miriam began.
Range said nothing, but began pushing past tables and patrons to get to the children before they were hurt.The two men were stumbling around heedless of any bystanders. The rest of their crowd was cheering them on.Mel and Zoë unwittingly backed into a corner to avoid the fighting men.
As the two men continued their tussle, they moved toward the children and the hooded figure in the corner.The man sat calmly watching.
Without warning, the man in the hood was up, around the two men, and behind them so quickly, he was nothing more than a blur. He struck both men from behind. As they turned to face their attacker, he dropped quickly to one knee and punched each in their midsection. The man moved so fast Range was unsure he had seen it until both men dropped forward in a pile. One punch had taken the wind out of the men. Range stared in disbelief and respect. 
The man gathered up his staff and pack and made his way upstairs.The entire inn was watching him in silence.Range went over to collect the fearful children.They hugged him as he walked them back to their table.Once there, they both sat next to their mother who put her arms around them like a bird protecting her nest. 
Nicky leaned forward with excitement and glee in his eyes.”Range, did you see that? Ooln’s beard! What a schooling we just received. Range! Range? Did you see that? Incredible!” He sat back looking at the ceiling with his arms crossed over his stomach, whispering things about how great of a fighter that man was. 
The brawlers’ colleagues helped them up. They appeared just as stunned as Range and his table.
Range nodded.”That was impressive. He took both of those men with one punch each.Never have I witnessed such skill.He moved faster than a striking snake.”
Sterlin laughed.”The Master Jahvel himself would have been hard pressed to defend that.” They all agreed. 
“I think we’ve had enough excitement for one day,” Range said. 
“I want to see where our room is, and then take a night time stroll,” Sterlin said pulling out his pipe. 
Avor led them upstairs to their rooms.The rooms held two beds each. Range and his family took one room, Nicodemus and Sterlin, the other. 
When they got into their room, Miriam said,”Range I need some overnight things from the wagon.”He nodded, knowing exactly what she meant. Get the Sword.
Range made his way to the stairs where he met Sterlin going out for a walk.
The night air had a crispness to it that said winter was not far off.The pale moonlight of the waxing moon lit up the night with a glow.Sterlin bade Range goodnight and made his way toward a small river flowing behind the inn.Range walked to the wagon and once there began searching.He had pulled out the hidden Sword and was digging for Miriam’s things when he felt the prick of a knife at his neck. 
He stood up, slowly.
“Mister, you ought not be going through other peoples stuff,” came a voice.
Range grabbed the wrist holding the knife, pulling it away from his throat before the person holding it was able to think.
It was the innkeeper’s boy.
“What are you doing here boy?” Range asked.
“I’m watching over these wagons— Oh! I apologize sir. I didn’t realize it was you!I’m ever so sorry. I was just protectin’ the wagons. Honest!”
“Well, you’re doing a fine job…Say, what’s your name?”
“Kip, sir.”
“Kip? That’s an odd name.”
“It’s short for Folkipal. Folkipal is my given name, but I like Kip better.”
Range smiled. If his name were something as repellent as Folkipal he would use Kip, too.”Well, Kip, keep up the watch.” Range reached into his pocket and fished out a silver coin, flipping it to the boy. 
“Thanks!” Kip said, grinning.
“Just keep a sharp eye on our wagon tonight,” Range said.
“Will do.”
Range made his way back up to the room and hid the gray bundle containing Bellatrix under his bed.
The children were already asleep, Miriam whispered quietly in his ear,”I am so exhausted, I may sleep for a week.” 
He gave her a hug and a kiss on the lips.”Me too.”
“Did you tie the guy line on the back part of the wagon?” she asked.
“Did you hang my sword up? How many years have I had that wagon?” he asked. 
“Three. And yes I did, it’s on the hook by the window.”
“So don’t you think I know by now to tie the guy line back?”
She patted him on the shoulder,”Just making sure, dear.”
Women. Sometimes he wondered if she considered that she had three children instead of two. He was just grumpy.
They removed their outer clothes and washed up with water from the basin.Miriam snuggled down in the bed and was asleep before Range was done washing.He blew out the lamp and stretched toward the ceiling, his aching bones and muscles screaming to him. His legs felt like stones.He would need to rub them deeply before sleeping or would face horrible cramps the next day.
The room was stuffy. He decided to open the window, which was locked by a simple hook and eye mechanism. 
As his hand was about to flip the latch, he paused. 
The window was on the second story on the north side of the inn. The cool blue moonlight bounced up from the road. 
In the covered stable area a dark form on a horse was moving back and forth between the wagons, searching. The figure stopped and Range could not make out the head. Was it turned toward him? Looking? He involuntarily shivered. The horseman began moving slowly again. Range stepped back from the window and watched from the side.He saw a strange flicker of light in the distance, moving in the direction from the river.It was a glowing orange light bobbing through the air, regularly glowing bright, and then ebbing again into a smolder.
Sterlin was coming back from his walk by the river.
Range’s throat clenched.Sterlin was walking toward the rider.He grabbed his fighting sword from the hook on the wall and made for the door. 
“Father?” came a quiet voice from the children’s bed.
He stopped.”Yes?” he whispered back.
“Where are you going with your sword?” It was Zoë.
“Outside.” He quickly moved back toward the window. 
Sterlin was still moving in the direction of the inn.
Range made for the door.”Go back to sleep, daughter.”
He jerked it open, ran down the stairs, and out the front door. The night air was cool on his naked arms. 
Range turned toward the stables and moved around the inn where he could hopefully see Sterlin. He was in the shadow of the building and soundless so as not to alert the horseman.He was glad he had not taken off his boots.He saw a small copse of trees and made a dash for it, feeling the weight of the moonlight on his back as he went.He crept to where Sterlin was supposed to be, but could not find him. 
Range cast about, trying to get his bearings. Was he turned around? Finally he located the stables and could still see the horseman creeping around. His own heart beat in his ears. Where was Kip?He hoped the boy was all right.
He squinted in the dark. He was under the small copse of trees, and could see nothing in the blue moonlight.
Someone grabbed his shoulder and spun him about. He tried to bring his sword up to defend or attack, but didn’t have enough room to jerk it free.
“Shh,” Sterlin whispered.”There is someone over there poking around in our stuff!”
Range nodded.”I saw him. That is the reason I came out here to warn you.”
“Range, I can take care of myself, I would have seen him long before he spotted me.No reason to worry.”Sterlin seemed amused by Range’s concern.
Range exhaled, whether in anger or relief he didn’t know.
“Where is the boy?” Sterlin asked.
“I don’t know.”
“He disappeared after you went back in,” Sterlin said, leaning on Range.
“We need to get back to our room,” Range said.
“What about our stuff? I don’t want to let him steal things,” Sterlin said.
“Let us go inside and get Nicky and then we will confront him,” Range said. Thoughts of demons and Osaban priests still lurked in his head.
“He’s just one man, both of us should be able to take him,” Sterlin said.
“Agreed, but he may not be alone,” Range said.
Sterlin nodded,”Let’s go around the left side of the inn.”
“Yes. Away from the horseman.”
They crept around the left side of the inn, quietly, barely able to stay out of the view of the horseman who appeared to be more interested in the wagons than his surroundings. Range thought that odd. If you were going to steal something then you had better be watching your back. The moonlight was brightly bouncing off of the building. Range was impressed with how effortlessly Sterlin made his way without making a noise. He was as quiet as the moon above.
They reached the edge of the inn and Range peered around the front to make certain they could get in without being spotted. Darkness looked back. The wooden awning shaded the porch of the inn.Range could not tell if someone was standing under the awning. He stood and stared, not moving a muscle, letting his eyes adjust to every nuance of the darkness. Sterlin tapped him hard on the shoulder. Range spun around to see two other figures creeping in their direction. 
He saw Sterlin slide his short sword silently from his sheath. Range still held his broadsword in his hand.
“There is obviously more than one,” Sterlin examined. 
“Obviously,” Range agreed, angrily. That’s why the thief was not watching his back, his men were.
The two figures engaged Sterlin and Range as effortlessly as water flowing down a hill. Range was an excellent swordsman, but found he battled someone equal to him, or better. He was not certain of Sterlin’s skill, but hoped he was good enough to defeat the shadow or at least hold his own. Range was impressed by the calm outward demeanor of his adversary.
Their clanging swords brought the horseman, and when he saw the battle fully engaged he dismounted and joined the struggle.Range and Sterlin were barely handling their own opponents, but with the third man, they were completely outclassed. Range battled like he never had before. If these men were facing a normal opponent, they would have already killed him, but Range was well trained. Range parried one sword as another clipped his arm and drew blood. He stepped back in surprise and when he did, lost his balance and fell backwards. His opponents were on him instantly. He blocked their attack for a moment, but they were above him hacking away. He looked over at Sterlin hoping for some assistance, but Sterlin was doing all he could to hold his own. That glance cost him as Range caught another blow to the forearm, drawing blood and stinging viciously.He rolled to get up, but was instantly surrounded by the two men hacking at him like a piece of meat.He was sliced in a number of places, but none were lethal.Range was getting tired, and knew the fight would not last much longer.
These had to be Sicari, assassins of the night. Range had never fought anyone this skilled. A sliver of a thought squirmed into his head: these could have been the same men who killed Lucan. They were now hunting him or Nicky. 
One sword blow came down, and if he had not moved his head in the last second, he would have been headless. One of his attackers struck at Range driving his sword toward the dirt and pinning it, while the other raised his sword to strike.Range knew this was it—he was about to die.The swordsman brought his sword down with a slight grunt. Range closed his eyes and braced for the killing blow. He heard a thunk of metal on something and knew it must be his flesh. Did they sever something? He was afraid to look, but did.
Above him the Sicari’s sword was embedded in a round staff of wood. 
Suddenly the staff lifted and the sword flew out of the Sicari’s hands.Range did everything he could to hold down the sword of his opponent, but he was not leveraged to do so.He looked up and saw the hooded stranger moving in on the second Sicari.Range’s opponent, clearly considered the stranger more of a threat and moved to engage him.
Range took the opportunity to catch his breath.He saw the stranger whip the staff about in a blur of motion, striking the Sicari a number of times, finally knocking him to the ground. The stranger flipped the staff one last time and whacked the man so hard against the side of his head Range heard a loud crack as the Sicari fell like a sack of rocks. During the attack the stranger’s hood fell back onto his shoulders.
He was bald, except for a topknot of dark hair stretching down into his hood. His jaw was strong and face sharp, his lips and nose were straight lines, the only hair on his face were a set of thick, solid eyebrows. 
A Zmarly.
Range wondered what a Zmarly was doing this deep in the land. 
Range and his opponent both had been half fighting and half watching the other melee, but now that it was over they battled ardently again.Range took one step backwards and, as if planned, his opponent was met full in the face with a staff, knocking out several of his teeth, and flattening his nose with a squish. 
Before Range could say anything, the stranger moved toward Sterlin who was failing fast. Range wondered where Sterlin learned his skill with the sword. If they were fighting Sicari then Sterlin had to be good with steel.Otherwise he would already be dead. 
The Zmarly approached the last Sicari and began to pummel him with the staff. The Sicari ducked and blocked with his sword, but he was clearly no match for the Zmarly with his lightning-quick staff. Range was impressed the Sicari stayed with it as long as he did. The Zmarly ducked from a swing of the sword and spun, knocking the legs out from the Sicari with his staff. The Sicari rolled back up, but was met with hickory in the face. He too crumpled. The Zmarly man stepped back and bowed slightly to his opponents then turned toward Range and leaned against his pole. 
Range couldn’t believe it. The man had just beaten all their assailants, by himself, and was not breathing heavily or even sweating.The moon was over his back, so Range could not see the man’s face. He wondered if this man would come with them. He needed someone like this to help protect his family.
“Thank you,” Range said.
“I will go now,” the Zmarly said, as he bowed, and turned to leave. 
“Wait!” Range cried.
The Zmarly turned back. He paused for a second as if picking his answer. Finally,”Yes.”
“We find that we are in dire need of a good pair of fists to assist us,” Range was hoping the stranger would say yes. He was looking for a good man to help him get him to Romus, and so far this one had proven himself more than Range could have imagined.
The stranger seemed to ponder this for a moment.”I am currently traveling north. Where are you headed?”
“We are headed to Romus,” Range said.
The stranger nodded and leaned on his staff again.”Are you being chased or followed? When I happen upon someone battling Sicari, I tend to be cautious.” 
Range stood for a moment, his face hidden from the moonlight.”Yes, we are being pursued. We believe these Sicari were part of a bigger group that is following us. I am not sure what they want.We are traveling to inform a friend’s family of his murder.”
The Zmarly seemed to consider this for a moment and then apparently reached a decision.”The Sicari are a dangerous adversary to have. Stealth is their greatest weapon. I will accompany you, but I am also searching for someone and may need to leave you to hunt.”
Range could not believe that Ooln had delivered such a strong ally. He offered a quick prayer of thanks to Ooln.”Thank you for agreeing to come with us. We are in your debt. Oh, and please forgive my rudeness. I am Range Ironstone, and this is my traveling companion, Sterlin Similow.”
“I am Rolin Zavatla.”
Sterlin chirped up,”Are you Zmarly?” Range thought Sterlin must appear to be a dolt.
Rolin turned toward Sterlin.”Yes. Is that a problem?”Range certainly hoped it was not. If given a choice between Sterlin and Rolin, he would certainly take the Zmarly.
“Oh, no. I was just noticing that you were far, far away from your home country.”
Rolin nodded, but offered no more.Range wondered what the man was thinking.He did not know much about the Zmarly. As long as this man could fight, he didn’t need to.
Range noticed the uncomfortable silence,”Well then, we shall meet in the morning.”
“Are you in need of any other assistance besides myself?” Rolin asked.
Did this man have traveling companions? Other Zmarly possibly?If it were a group of Zmarly, his family would certainly be safe.
“Perhaps. We were planning to hire some help.”
“I met a man last night. He seemed upright and was looking for work. I cannot vouch for his skills though. I just thought I would mention it.”
“Certainly, thank you. Perhaps I could speak with him in the morning.”
“I will tell him.”
“Thank you.”
“We should dispose of these bodies,” Rolin said.
“They aren’t going anywhere by themselves,” Sterlin quipped. 
“We need to keep their deaths a secret. Their party will find out soon enough they are missing,” Range said. 
The three men dragged the Sicari to a small dip in the ground beside the stream. They covered the bodies up with tree branches and leaves, and then made their way back to the inn.Range and Sterlin returned to Nicky’s room.Nicodemus was asleep, but woke as they entered. Sterlin lit a lamp.
“Wha-What happened!” alarm shot across his face as he noticed their bloody clothes.
“Calm down, I will explain what happened,” Range offered, as Sterlin removed his shirt to wash his wounds.He had taken quite a few deep cuts to his upper arms and one stab in the muscle of his shoulder. 
Range explained to Nicodemus what had transpired and that they needed to depart at first light. 
Nicodemus was indignant!”How dare you have a pitched battle without me? I cannot believe you would go down there and attack Sicari without my assistance! Damn it! I cannot believe there was a battle just outside my door and I missed it!”
“My apologies, I did not mean to keep you from your precious battle. I had few seconds with which to react. The Sicari attacked before we could come to get you.”
Sterlin finished washing up and dressed his wounds with cloths from his satchel. 
“Thank you for the concern.If you didn’t come I would have certainly been in a jam.I was aware of the one, but not the other two. I am in your debt, Range Ironstone.” Sterlin said.
“I only hope that if you find me in such a situation, you would help me to,” Range said.
“Count on it,” Sterlin said, placing his fist to his chest in a salute. 
Nicodemus calmed down,”So what do we do now?This Rolin, he is a Zmarly?”
“Yes,” Range said, as he stood and stripped off his shirt. He was cut all over. Blood had dried in numerous places; he would have to scrub to get it off.
“Wow! No wonder he was such a fantastic fighter!They are supposed to be the best in the land.He put those Sicari to shame. Ooln’s beard! With him on our side who will stand against us?” Nicky said.
Range grunted as he cleaned his wounds. The water in the washbasin was black. He scrubbed some of the dried blood and cringed as the washcloth reopened the wounds.
“What about the other fellow? What do you think about him?” Nicky inquired.
“I do not know, we will see in the morning. We’ll definitely need another person on our trip, maybe we can get all of them now,” Range said.
“I must go back to Miriam, how do I look?”Range had placed his shirt back on and there were cuts, dirt, and bloodstains all over it. 
“Miriam will flip her cap, if she sees you like that. Too bad none of my shirts fit you,” Nicky said. 
“You are a big man, Ironstone,” Sterlin said.
Range shook his head.”I will remove my shirt then and go in with my bandages on. Perhaps that will not alarm her.”
“Do that, I want to get some sleep,” Nicodemus said, lying back. He was still mumbling about missing the fight.
Sterlin was getting heavy eyed, obviously coming down from his adrenaline rush,”Range Ironstone, you are a rare person.”
Range shrugged and left the room. 
Miriam was asleep and so were both of the children. Range slipped on a fresh shirt and lay down next to Miriam; she did not stir. Good. 
The bed was neither long enough nor wide enough for both of them.He had to lie on his side while fishing for some of the blanket.The room had cooled, and after his semi-bath he was chilled.The blanket was threadbare, but better than nothing. He pulled it over his frame, but it did not cover him completely. He sighed and left it there. His wounds began to throb and ache. He had a terrible headache. 
He quickly slipped into a fitful sleep, dreams of Sicari chasing his family waking him throughout the night.



CHAPTER 12

Hamilcar had been dragged back to the castle by that buffoon Hutch.The man grated on his every nerve and he was glad to be away from him. There was no rattling Hutch, and that bothered him.Any man who could not be rattled made Hamilcar’s skin itch.
At the castle, the King had spoken only shortly to him finding out what in the name of Lori he was doing traveling about the countryside. Hamilcar informed the king he was attempting to find the Swords of Saddig.He and his partner had decided it would be easier if they just stuck to the truth. What would happen if they lied to the king and he knew the location of the temple?
The king was open to the hunt, but said it was a boyish whim. 
Hamilcar was now practically a prisoner in the king’s castle. He needed to find that temple quickly and Hesh Andard keeping him locked away was not helping.
His room was lavishly furnished, reserved for visiting nobility. It was deathly silent in the room. He could hear every breath he took, the swish of his clothing with every movement, and snap of the fire.He removed his shirt and tossed it on the floor.
The closet was filled with clothes approximately his size. A huge window dominated the north wall, but unfortunately he was five stories up, too high to entertain any thoughts of escape. 
Hamilcar was not certain why king Andard kept him here in the castle. Andard was only detaining for the night?
Hamilcar climbed into the middle of the well-stuffed bed and pulled the loqua stone from his hidden pocket.He twisted the key on the lamp, dimming it, always easier to see the image created by the stone in the darkness. 
Shirtless, he held the stone in his hand and settled his elbow on his crossed knee. He peered and waited.Slowly the bluish light began to creep from the stone, forming a robbed figure with his hood up.When it was solid, Hamilcar passed his hand through it like smoke, but the figure held.
The figure spoke:”How goes the hunt?”
“Not too bloody well. I am held captive in Hesh Andard’s castle!”
The figure was silent for a moment.”Why would he detain you?”
“He thinks I’m on a boyish hunt for treasure.”
“In the morning if he says he wants to join the hunt, act glad to hear the news—”
“What? No! I do not want him and his men mucking up my search!”
“Andard is a greedy fool. By sending some of his men he hopes to claim the sword for the crown.”
Hamilcar thought for a moment.His partner was correct, he could use the king’s name to get into places he could never get on his own. Then when he found the Sword he could dispatch the king’s men,”People suddenly become more helpful when the King’s seal is used. And when we get to the end of our search, I’ll just slaughter the king’s men.”
“That sounds a bit extreme, but whatever it takes once you have the Sword. I will speak to you again in two nights.”
“Don’t be late,” Hamilcar said.
The blue figure faded and dissipated.Hamilcar put the stone back into his pocket as someone knocked on the door.
“Yes?” he called.
“Do you need anything, sire?” came the voice from behind the thick door.
He could use some wine.”Yes, please come in.”
She opened the door and walked in with her head down. She was a white haired, round woman.”What can I do for you, milord?”
“Fetch me some wine,” he said.
“Aye, milord, I will.”She moved to leave, but then stopped. Her face drained of color and she put her hand to her mouth.
“What is the matter with you, woman?”
She said nothing, but stood there, silent.Here eyes were like two full moons, stretched wide.
“What is it?” he cried.
She backed up, pointing to him.”You have the mark!” she cried, backing up from him.
“What are you prattling about?”
“You have the mark!” she repeated, and backed up against the door. 
He moved toward her,”What are you talking about?”
She screamed and then pulled the door open behind her and rolled her considerable body out, eyes never leaving his chest. 
The door pulled shut right as he grabbed it and jerked. Outside was the guard; the woman was already down the hall, running.
“What was that all about?” he asked the guard.
“She ran off, milord.” the guard said.
“I can see that,” Hamilcar said.
Hamilcar went back to his room and wondered if she would remember to bring his drink after her apparent shock. He rubbed his naked stomach with his hand when he suddenly realized he had forgotten to put on his shirt. He knew what the woman was carrying on about, but why carry on about that? How did she know what it was?
.


CHAPTER 13

Gidas’s back protested as he mounted his horse. The group had left early that morning and over half the day had passed.Lazerek wanted to make it to Kitarssis by sundown so he could spend the night in the palace. He told Gidas he had some suspicions about a colleague who worked for the king.
Gidas asked Lazerek about the rumors that Tamas had gone mad.
Apparently King Tamas’s wife had been unfaithful. The King was insane with jealousy, ordering her lover to be thrown into the dungeons. Tamas said he would not dull a blade on the man, who would live the rest of his days in squalid captivity. For his wife, Tamas ordered a chastity belt. There were also rumors that he had fiercely raped her when he learned of her betrayal.
Lazerek seemed unconcerned with the king’s mental state, as long as he was welcomed upon his arrival.Gidas knew for a fact the king had kept many courtesans. Yet the queen was only permitted the company of one man. Eh, so were the ways of the world. But they were not going to investigate the monarch’s relationship. Lazerek was looking for something else but he would not tell Gidas what it was.
“Master, it appears that we are making good time.We should be at the palace before night falls,” Gidas said.
“Please send a herald ahead to make preparations for my arrival.I want a pleasant welcome in Kitarssis.”
“Certainly, sir.I will make it happen.” Gidas shook his head.
The road they traveled was straight as an arrow. King Tamas of Kitarssis had built the road to Cznia Mizrak.He wanted to have full access to the martial school so he could call upon its students in a moment’s notice. They owed no allegiance to him, but if he showed up with enough gold, they would fight for him.
As they rode, Gidas reflected on the conversation Lazerek had with Jahvel as they were leaving. 
Gidas had sat on his horse as Lazerek told Jahvel about the Osaban Priest he had sent with the Sicari. 
Jahvel had remained silent for several moments in apparent disgust. When he finally responded he said,”Why would you send an Osaban with my students? I do not, nor do any of my men, associate with such vile creatures as those.An Osaban priest has been known to massacre entire villages in order to obtain its quarry.”
“Do not worry yourself with that,” Lazerek had quipped.
“Demons! Conjurers! I cannot believe you have done this. By what right?” A group of men had gathered at the sounds of the yelling.
Lazerek leaned over from his horse. He hissed to Jahvel,”Do not think to presume too much School master.You forget yourself!” Gidas’s skin tingled as Lazerek drew magic into himself.”I make the decisions here, and it will be good for your health and Cznia Mizrak to remember that.” A spark of fire danced in his eyes.”I will use any means available to obtain the Swords.” 
As Jahvel fingered the dagger of Bzok at his hip, Lazerek smirked.”Do not think that will protect you from me, I have learned its secrets and trust me it no longer keeps you safe.” The dagger grew hot against Jahvel’s hip.The master of the school did not flinch at the pain. 
Jahvel had nothing to say, not willing to escalate the situation any further.
Gidas smiled to himself remembering the look on Jahvel’s face when the dagger had become hot. His only protection from the great mage!Gone!Lazerek told Gidas he had not yet determined how to master the power in the dagger, but the ruse had worked well enough. Jahvel was a fool. Heating the dagger had nothing to do with its magic or protection.
They were now about an hour from the palace and the sun was sliding to the west. Lazerek reined in his horse. Gidas followed suit. 
“We will rest for a moment. Send the runner ahead,” Lazerek said. 
Gidas made his way back to the men. The two leaders of the group were Maxil D’bnara and Fortis Di.He addressed them and no other.The two men were conversing quietly.
“Sirs, Master Lazerek wants you two to go forward and prepare the king for his imminent arrival.”
Both men glanced at each other.Maxil responded. He was a small, golden haired man.”Send one of our men.”
“I must send you both. My master does not think it adequate to be announced by common soldiers.He must have the best, which is you. Please do not make a scene like your master Jahvel did, it would prove most uncomfortable.” He looked at them and they understood implicitly.
“We understand,” Fortis said. Maxil nodded his agreement. 
“Excellent, please leave now. Let king Tamas know Lazerek approaches and he expects an appropriate welcome.”Gidas spun his horse around while the other two mounted men spurred their steeds ahead.
About an hour later, the sun was sitting lazily on the woods to the west. Lazerek said,”Let us be on our way, there has been enough time to prepare.”
They rode at a leisurely pace to the palace.Half way to the palace they could see the city in the distance. 
“What a mess,” Gidas said to himself. 
Although not large, a fair sized city nestled under the palace like a child clinging to its mother.A straight paved road lined by huge trees led to the palace. Three spires sat high on the palace’s frame far above the parapets. Since the last war with Rommel, Kitarssis had not been fully rebuilt, and signs of the past war were still evident.Burned buildings, moats filled with debris, and old funeral pyres littered the city and surrounding areas. Because Tamas had neglected to repair the city, his people secretly discussed rebellion. 
Kitarssis’s history dated back with the other two kingdoms, part of the triumvirate created during the consolidation of the pentarchy during the Land War that occurred five hundred years before.The city was originally called Alluvian and was ruled by King Lashun. He died and passed the crown to his son, Lushon.Unlike his father, Lushon was not a strong or powerful leader. He was soon ousted by a group of rebels led by Temas.
Temas changed the name of the city to Kitarssis and left the city to his son, Themal.Themal ruled for the majority of his life, and the land prospered under his rule.He negotiated lucrative trade agreements with Zamek and Rommel, elevating his people’s way of life. 
Temas died at eighty-five and was followed by his son Tomas, who was killed in while overseeing the construction of a temple when his son, Tamas, was only five. When Tamas took over the kingdom he had few advisors to teach him the proper role and responsibilities of ruling a people and running a kingdom. All of his father’s advisors had served his grandfather, Temas, and they were either dead or too old to be of use.Tamas was therefore a product of his whims. 
When Tamas was nineteen, he decided that trade with Rommel was a bad idea.His decision was based on jealousy.He was angered that Rommel’s soldiers were well renowned and his were not. To prove his soldiers were superior, he started the war.Tersillion, the King of Rommel, shrugged off this attack. Tersillion was an old king simply setting up his kingdom to be ruled by his son, Rexillion.
Tersillion’s dismissive attitude angered Tamas even more.This is when the rumors of Tamas’s madness began.Tamas’s next ploy was to have his men raid the fields on the border of the two kingdoms. Tersillion soon learned Tamas was responsible for the raids and sent him a warning message.
Tamas, not being one to be ordered about by a peer or an old man, quickly began gathering troops. 
Tersillion called upon Akilade to assist. 
Akilade denied his request for an audience stating the two kingdoms would just have to come to a resolution.Tersillion appealed to Akilade again. The inevitable loss of life from a long drawn out war could easily be avoided if Akilade would just intercept and put a stop to the young king’s antics. Yet Akilade again refused.
This angered old Tersillion and he vowed vengeance upon Akilade for its pompous, self-serving dealings with the land.While protecting his land from battle-hardened warriors, he also worked in secret to neutralize the power of the mages.He passed this prejudice on to his son, who saw Akilade for what it was: a pox upon the land.An independent government which ostensibly protected the people but only when it saw fit.Rexillion saw Akilade as something that should be driven from the land and all members banished. 
Tamas waged war against Tersillion and his son.Rommel’s forces easily outclassed Kitarssis’s but Tamas had a great multitude of warriors.Cheap mercenaries with no sense with of honor or patriotism to the king, many deserting before even seeing battle. The war lasted two years.It could have been shorter, but young Tamas grew bored of it after a few months and turned his attention elsewhere, leaving his soldiers to fend for themselves.Many Kitarssis citizens left the city and the war, disillusioned with their king. As the war dragged on, only the most loyal and foolhardy still signed on for battle. The war dragged on sporadically. Sometimes the warriors would go a month with no action, and then they would war with Rommel for two weeks straight. 
Many lives were lost.Tersillion and Rexillion laid full blame upon Akilade who continued to turn its nose up at the struggle.Their disdain for getting involved beat at Tersillion daily. He could not pull his troops back, and he would not submit himself to a full engagement. 
The war finally took its toll on Tersillion, who died one night over maps. He was entombed and his people commemorated his loss for a full week.
Tamas took this time to work up an attack on the city.As the final ceremony for the dead king was about to commence, Kitarssis warriors filled the streets of Rommel. Rexillion was just stepping onto a balcony to address his people when he spotted the enemy troops as they began hacking at the defenseless mourners at the back of the crowd.He ordered his troops to block all exits and slay every warrior in the city who belonged to Kitarssis. In a fit of rage, he later sent out a small band of men to make a path straight through to the city of Kitarssis. 
Many unwitting Kitarssis warriors attacked the small band King Rexillion had set forth. They were destroyed. Rexillion had hidden a magician in the midst of the troops who laid waste to all opposing forces. Rexillion hated using the magician after Akilade spurned their requests for intervention, but was determined to finish this.
Rexillion ordered the magician to take control of the throne until he made his way to the kingdom of Kitarssis. After this all kings hired wizards as advisors and protectors.When Rexillion’s magician reached the castle, he slaughtered the troops holed up inside.He captured the king and locked him in a safe room. The mage then informed all the citizens of Kitarssis that he held their king.
Rexillion and his force arrived at the Kitarssis palace on the third day and were met by their own men.Rexillion was led to the room where the deposed king was imprisoned. 
Tamas was eager to fight Rexillion hand-to-hand, but Rexillion did not come to fight.He understood the circumstances of Tamas’s life prevented the possibility that he could become a just leader.Rexillion did not hold this against Tamas.He pitied the reckless king, but still held him responsible for his actions.
He commanded Tamas to quit the war he was waging and call back all his men.Peace would reign.
After a few hours of venting, Tamas acquiesced and declared peace.A cheer went up from his people.A tentative trade agreement was again worked out and the two kingdoms were again at peace.So ended the Rommel-Kitarssis war, or as some called it, The Young Tyrant War. Twelve peaceful years had passed before the day Lazerek and Gidas made their way into the city.
Lazerek and his band of one hundred men swept through the city, causing little commotion. They moved through with such speed that it was hard for Gidas to tell much beyond the city had not been repaired. However, Gidas noticed the people seemed to be as disinterested in his men as they were their daily lives.A few noticed the cobalt blue robe of a Praeceptor and bowed. 
At the palace, there were four guards standing with their swords raised in a salute to Lazerek, one trumpeter and a crier who bellowed as they rode under the palace’s portcullis and into the courtyard,”Hail to all who have ears, The Ferocious and Wise Praeceptor, Lazerek!”
The trumpets blared and then stopped.
As Gidas looked about, he could see no members of the court come to meet Lazerek.
Lazerek is not going to like this one bit, he thought to himself. 
Lazerek angrily dismounted along with his troops and made his way to the entry of the palace. 
“Stay here!” he yelled over his shoulder.
Gidas knew Lazerek was furious. That show put on was a mockery.He knew Lazerek would not stand for it.He almost chuckled, thinking of what was about to happen.
The courtyard opened into a large reception area where King Tamas met his guests.Tables and chairs were lined up in along the hall which led to a large dais, with a table for the king and royal guests. However, none of the tables had been set this night. Intricate chandeliers hung from the high ceiling.The large fireplaces on either side of the tables were cold and unlit. Lazerek and Gidas’s boots echoed as they walked. 
Lazerek stopped a serving woman who happened and demanded she take them to the king. Upon recognizing his Praeceptor robes, she began to shake but led them hurriedly to the royal chambers. 
They wended their way through the palace; it was dark and dreary.A cold wind blew around corners; its dampness gave Gidas a headache.He was getting more excited as Lazerek got angrier.They turned down one hall and finally came to a strong wooden door. The old woman timidly knocked on it. Lazerek pushed her aside and with a flick of his wrist the door flew open with a bang. 
Inside King Tamas and his family were just sitting down at a table.
“Greetings Lazerek,” Tamas said. The king looked at the door.
Lazerek immediately lifted his hand and the king floated up from his seat. He hung precariously in the air, flailing about wildly. 
“King Tamas, I am wondering why you presume to treat me as a lesser noble. Do you think yourself above the rule of Akilade?I assure you that you are not.” There was a vein in Lazerek’s neck which pulsed visibly. 
“My good Praeceptor, we were merely going to have you join us for a small dinner.I was unaware that you had wanted a feast in your honor! Certainly you can understand I only had a short notice and was unable to set up everything accordingly.”
Gidas looked about the room, there was a blonde woman, two young children, an older gentleman, wearing the saffron robes of a Prope Praeceptor, and two empty seats: One for him and one for Lazerek. He smiled inside.
“Do not think to patronize me, Tamas.I have not the temper for it.” The king was lowered to the ground. Tamas was a small man.His hair was straight and yellow and his face was too big for his head. He carried himself like someone who had been through hell and still remembered every moment.He straightened himself and motioned for the two guests to take their seats. 
Lazerek, noticeably calmer, took his seat across from the other magician and to the right of the king. Gidas was to his left and he was seriously wondering about the sanity of the mage he accompanied. The other magician at the table eyed Gidas as if trying to place his face.Gidas nodded to the man, but received none in return.
The king said,”Praeceptor Lazerek, please tell us what brings you to our humble palace.”
Lazerek was still a bit ruffled.”I am simply on my way south on business, and needed a place to stay for the night.” Gidas almost laughed out loud.Lazerek just needed a place to stay for the night? So he insists upon a palace!No less will do for the great mage!Gidas shook his head.
“Well, welcome, welcome,” the king said, as if nothing had happened.”Let me introduce you to my family. This is my wife, Alphia.” The blonde haired, blue-eyed queen nodded. She had dark circles under her eyes and what looked like bruises on her neck.“My daughter, Rachelle.” the blue-eyed girl nodded.”My son, Icros.” The young man, who looked about twelve, nodded.”And my magician, Andriezen.”Andriezen looked cautiously at Lazerek.Their eyes swept past each other and the usual quick measure of power tickled as each weighed the other. Gidas watched as Andriezen’s hand clenched his robe. 
“Greetings, Prope Praeceptor, how goes the front?” Lazerek said, picking up the golden chalice the staff had filled just moments ago. 
“It goes well. Things are quiet at the moment.We have no crisis or trouble in our land.”
“That is well, well indeed.” Lazerek looked on with mock impression.”This is my apprentice, Gidas from Latrare. He hopes to someday learn enough to become a great magician.” He did not turn to look at Gidas, but instead kept his eyes focused on the magician across the table.Andriezen said nothing, but looked at his hands. 
Gidas smiled at everyone around the table, his coffee colored hair a contrast to the family’s golden locks, and the magic user’s white hair. 
There was a sprightly fire in the hearth and rows of candelabras filled the room with a warm, cozy light.Gidas found his mood lightening as dinner was seved. The conversation meandered over many topics and seemed to be heading in a general path.
“I was wondering,” Lazerek said cutting his venison.”Why is it that you are currently offering a reward for the three Swords of Saddig?”
The king chuckled a bit, his belly shaking under his gold trimmed tunic.”Simply because the people like a cause. It makes them feel like there is a point to this dreary existence!My Administrator Fordde came up with the idea.”
“But why the Swords? Certainly there are other things? Why would anyone obtain one of the Swords and give it up for a measly fifty gold?The Swords are so far beyond the measure of money.”
“Oh, I am certain you’re correct,” Tamas said.
Lazerek turned menacingly at Andriezen,”Tell me, Prope, what know you of the Swords of Saddig?” 
“I am merely following my king’s wishes,” Andriezen said.
Lazerek smiled and asked,”Andriezen, have you heard from your friend, Tonicus lately?” 
Andriezen shook his head slowly,”Nay, communication stopped a while ago.”
The name Tonicus jogged a memory Gidas had.Who was it?He tried to remember.
Lazerek nodded,”Funny that. He has also disappeared from the school not to be heard of. I hope nothing has happened to him.”Malevolence danced in his eyes like the reflection of the fireplace.Gidas remembered now. Tonicus was the missing Praeceptor at Akilade whose investigations appeared to be the impetus for Lazerek’s leaving the school in a hurry.
Andriezen bravely matched Lazerek’s stare.”I too hope he is fine. It would be a great tragedy to lose someone so skilled.” 
Lazerek looked at him with outright malice.”That would be a shame. Since we are talking about it, did you and Tonicus speak of the Swords at all?”
Andriezen paused in lifting the chalice to his mouth.”We spoke of them, in passing.We would be required to inform Akilade of any information we had concerning the Swords and not hoard it for ourselves. So you would know any information we already have.”His last sentence was almost an accusation. Gidas wondered what was happening here. Did Andriezen know something about the Swords?
Lazerek ignored his last statement.”Hmm…and did he tell you about any goings on around Akilade?Perhaps some things he was privy to?”He leaned over the table toward the other magician.
“What is all this Sword business?” the king finally blurted out, oblivious to the struggle.”Fordde mentioned we should perhaps initiate the hunt for the Swords again to boost public morale. It isn’t like someone will actually find them. No one ever finds the Swords. There have been numerous hunts over the years, and all have ended due to waning interest. The Swords, if they even exist, are hidden so well no one will ever find them.”
Lazerek turned to the king.”Beg your pardon, Your Majesty we were just catching up on old times.I apologize for monopolizing the conversation.” He leaned back in his chair.Andriezen let out a slight breath of relief. 
“Your majesty, I have many things that I must tend to currently, I am afraid I must retire for the night. With your leave?” Andriezen said, pushing his chair back with a screech.
“Certainly, thank you for coming to dinner.Maybe you and Praeceptor Lazerek can get together later and catch up on old times,” the king offered.
“Uh, perhaps, your majesty,” Andriezen said, uncertain.”But I have much work to do.”
“I will stop by later and we can catch up,” Lazerek said. 
Andriezen left without another word. 
“Sir, how does one become a Praeceptor?” Icros asked eagerly. The young boy’s plate had been empty for a while.
Lazerek turned to the boy,”Are you interested in the studies?” 
“The boy has never met a full Praeceptor before,” the King said. 
“Well let me assure you, my young prince, being a Praeceptor is difficult business. We have much to learn and long lists of spells and numbers that we must memorize.I would suggest you stick to your numbers and learn not only the new languages, but the old as well. Study, study, study! That is the key, your intelligence must surpass that of the common man.”
Icros was excited.”I will sir, and it is a pleasure to meet you!”
“The pleasure is all mine.”
Icros had no idea Lazerek would be the man who would kill his father. None at all.
Later that night after the children had gone to bed, Gidas, Lazerek, and the king sat around a low foot table, smoking pipes and drinking sweet-fire.The room was dark and cozy, being lit only by the fireplace.
The king was drunk.
“So how is your kingdom?” Lazerek asked.
The king looked about sloppily,”We’ve been better.Since the war with Rommel we have been struggling, but we will rise again.Rommel will rue the day they decided to cross us.”
Gidas thought it funny to hear the war from Tamas’s side.Perception was reality. He couldn’t believe that twelve years had passed and the king still held a grudge.
“That was twelve years ago, I would have thought you would be doing better by now,” Lazerek said.
Tamas giggled.”You would think so, wouldn’t you.” Gidas looked at Lazerek who shook his head.
“If you are in need of assistance I am certain Akilade would be happy to assist,” Lazerek said. Gidas doubted Lazerek would help an old man with a broken leg in the middle of the desert.
“No,” Tamas shouted.”I will not accept help from that group of liars and cheats.Magicians! Ha! They should call themselves overlords and be done with it! They didn’t help us when we needed it and they won’t now!”
Gidas was shocked.Perhaps the king didn’t know Lazerek very well. He soon would.
“I am certain that, if you were to ask, the school would send mages to assist in rebuilding your city,” Lazerek said.
“Don’t lie to me,” Tamas said, standing and leaning over the mage.”You’re one of them! You’re trying to take my kingdom away from me!I’ve seen it. Well that harlot wife of mine won’t do it and neither will you, you… mage.”Gidas was not entirely certain what the mage had said wrong, but Lazerek was surprisingly calm.
“King Tamas, I think you misunderstand the position of the school.”
Tamas giggled again, grabbed his crotch and sat down in his chair again.”That little whore,” he whispered as he sat.Gidas watched the two men—both with skewed perceptions—act and react to each other.
Lazerek looked at Gidas.Gidas shrugged.He had nothing to offer the mage. He could not believe how calm Lazerek remained. He certainly could not follow how the king flitted from one topic to the next so quickly.
“Your Majesty, is there anything we can do?” Lazerek asked again.
“Can you make my wife a virgin again?” the king asked as he circled his finger in his wine. 
“That is not within the limits of magic, I am afraid.”
“Then you can do nothing,” Tamas spewed.”Except leave my presence.”
Lazerek and Gidas stood and left the room, while the king sat sipping on his drink, mumbling incoherently. 
As soon as the door closed and they were out of earshot of the guard, Lazerek said to Gidas,”I will kill that man. He is a drunkard and a madman.It is within my ability to strip him of his power and to bring him to his knees.” He stopped and pondered.
“Why did you spare him tonight, master?”
“I want him to be fully aware when I strike. He will die, but not before another.”
Gidas was wondering just who was the mad one here.”Master, what are you talking about?”
“Andriezen. He knows something.He and that twit, Tonicus.They stumbled upon my hunt for the Swords. Tonicus confronted me, and wished to share my discovery with the Praeceptum Council. I suspected Andriezen also learned of my secret, but was not certain until I spoke to him.He knows. I just wonder what he has told Akilade.We left at just the right time.”
“So what happened with Tonicus?”
“Tonicus will not be telling anyone anything forever.”Lazerek looked about.
“Master, why is it that you must keep this a secret?”Gidas asked.
“I only have kept it a secret from the others at the Akilade.The rest of the land can know what they want.I am an active member of the school, thereby placing all of my projects into the council records. I am able to keep my projects secret up to a point so that one of my colleagues cannot sneak in and steal my new discovery. Once I located one of the Swords and the possible location of the second, I was under obligation to disclose my findings to my colleagues.I do not now, nor ever plan on disclosing anything to my colleagues.”
“So what will happen to Andriezen?” 
“Ah, there is a bit of a problem.Andriezen obviously knows what Tonicus knew.He is fearful that I suspect him.He should be.I will rip out his heart and feed it to him before letting him reveal my findings to the school, if he has not already.”
“Do you think he told them?” Lazerek had begun to walk and Gidas was trailing after him, whispering.
“If he is going to tell them he’d better make it quick. We’re going to visit him right now.”
That shut Gidas up.Lazerek was powerful. This time however, he was not confronting a normal person, but another magician. 
They walked down dark and dingy halls. Evenly spaced torches kept the hall lit, their smoke floating across the ceiling. Periodically Gidas could hear the clip-clop of other boots somewhere in the distance.A few rats scampered away in the darkness.
Eventually they arrived at the door to Andriezen’s room.Lazerek knocked cordially. Gidas was surprised Lazerek knew how to find the room.
There was no answer.Lazerek knocked again.Still no answer.He looked at Gidas, a gleam in his eye.The gleam seemed to say, the hunt is afoot! 
Lazerek whispered something and waved his hand. As he did, glowing specks floated in a waving pattern over the door.As they passed and fell silently to the floor, a verdant web appeared hanging on the door.
“What is that?” Gidas asked.
“What does it look like, adjutant?” 
“Some sort of web.”
“A web indeed. This, my young friend, is a trap.” Lazerek had strapped on his teacher’s cap.
“A trap? How?”
“If we were to force this door open, by magic, or force, I do believe that we would either be killed.” Lazerek eyed the web a bit closer.
“How will we get past it?” Gidas asked. 
“With a counter spell,” Lazerek said. 
Gidas could feel Lazerek drawing the terranmagic in.After a moment, he clawed his fingers toward the web, not quite touching it.Gidas could see a murky yellow tendril seep from Lazerek’s hand and sneak through the web toward the door. Once there, it spread over the entire surface.
“Step back,” Lazerek instructed Gidas.”And erect a shield.”
Gidas did as he was told and erected a shield of magic for himself. 
“Put the shield in front of us both, please!” Lazerek said.
“Oops, sorry,” Gidas said, extending the shield to cover them both.Lazerek held his hand above the shield, the tendril still attached to the palm of his hand.
“Now,” Lazerek whispered.He lowered his hand and leaned behind the translucent blue shield Gidas had erected and watched.The tendril expanded like a sponge soaking up water. As it did, it came in contact with the web. An explosion rocked against the shield Gidas had erected.He stumbled back, but Lazerek did not move. 
“Now we shall see,” he said, and blew the door in with another flick of the wrist.
The room was dark. 
Gidas quickly entered the room first and muttered a light spell that bobbed into the air, illuminating the room in a bleached yellow light. 
The room was in shambles. To Gidas it looked like someone had gone through and quickly packed everything he could and left in a rush. 
“Interesting.I cannot sense him anywhere near.He must have fled directly after dinner,” Lazerek said.
Gidas looked for anything that could be used to find the craven magician.The room consisted of many odd trinkets and baubles.Books were strewn about the place, black, red, and brown. Andriezen’s bed was small, lumpy and occupied by one clean, white pillow. There was nothing under his mattress. 
“Master, what will happen if the school finds out you have kept the hunt a secret?”
“I will be ostracized, and stripped of all my titles.”
“Just for keeping this secret?”
“Indeed, the rules of the Akilade are for none to bend. I care not what they do at this point.”
“What do you suggest, Master?”
“Hold, while I perform an extensive search. He cannot be more than a short distance away.”
Lazerek sat and closed his eyes.He sat still for quite some time, before he moved again.”I cannot locate him. Either he is too far away, or he has effectively shielded himself from me.”
“What then shall we do?” Gidas asked.He was leaning against the wall, his legs beginning to ache from standing so long. 
“I want that man’s blood,” Lazerek sat.
“Should we leave and look for him?”
“No. He could have gone in any direction.”
A thought occurred to Gidas, he did not want to do it, but perhaps it would end this quicker.”Master, can I lend my powers to yours? Perhaps together we can determine his location.”
Lazerek nodded.”Yes, but I have not yet taught you how to meld powers,” he sighed.
“Master, I know how. Let us try it.” Gidas was sure the older mage would not want to do this. Why would he want to admit he needed another’s help? He was sure Lazerek, under normal circumstances, would have nothing to do with melding powers.But suddenly time was of the essence.
“I will draw upon as much power as I need, but not enough to tax you considerably.” Gidas almost laughed at that, this great mage not wanting to tax his poor apprentice.
“What should I do?” Gidas asked.
“Sit here.” Lazerek pointed at the floor next to him. 
Gidas sat down.Lazerek placed his right hand on Gidas’s left shoulder. At once Gidas felt the surge of power from the mage. It was staggering. 
He could feel Lazerek siphoning his power, and using it to hunt for Andriezen.Gidas was impressed with the seemingly interminable supply of power Lazerek had. 
Suddenly he felt a small tug. 
“Aha!” Lazerek shouted.
The connection broke, and Gidas fell back against the bed, bumping his head on the frame.
Lazerek stood up and began a small movement.Suddenly Gidas heard a muffled yelp.
Lazerek reached down and pulled a rug out from the floor and underneath was a trapdoor. With a flip of his wrist the door flew open revealing a small alcove under the floor. Andriezen was there. Huddled like a trapped rat, he peered up at the two.
“Come up out of there, craven,” Gidas said.
The wizard pulled himself out of the hole. His saffron robe was dirty. 
As he stood, Lazerek slapped him full across the face.
Andriezen lurched over, grabbing his cheek.
“Trying to hide? Your spell to block me was quite well done. Very impressive.You will still die.”
“Lazerek, I am innocent. I have done nothing wrong.Why don’t you ask your adjutant where he has been? Eh? Me? I have done nothing wrong.”
Lazerek looked over at Gidas.”What are you referring to?”
“A few months ago, your adjutant was all over the city. I saw him many times. Even in the palace!Why?”
Lazerek looked at Gidas.Gidas shrugged, he’d been to lots of places and he didn’t care to share with Lazerek why.
“You are a stupid man,” Lazerek said to Andriezen.“He was not my adjutant then, and he could come and go as he pleased.You’re little ruse will not win you any more time.”
“I have no intentions of revealing you to Akilade.”
Lazerek took this as an affront.”How dare you. Do you think I will even give you a choice? I will not allow anyone to interfere. Pray to whatever god you see fit.”
Suddenly, Andriezen cast a blinding light and ran toward the window.The light caused Lazerek to pause for a moment. As Andriezen threw himself at the window, he was caught up, as if by some invisible hand, and jerked back into the room. He worked up another spell and Lazerek was tossed back like a child against the far wall. This caused Lazerek to lose his focus momentarily, and Andriezen dropped and then hopped up, already preparing another spell. He summoned the magic and Lazerek suddenly found himself manacled neck to hands to feet. 
Lazerek was livid.He spouted a few words and the manacles burst of off him like paper. He instantly drew his hands up and lightning shot forth like a wave searching for the beach.It struck Andriezen, but he had erected a strong shield and the bolt glanced away.
Lazerek laughed. 
He placed one hand on his hip, and aimed his palm at Andriezen.
“This is the end. It has been fun,” Lazerek said resolutely.
Presently the floor began to grow up over Andriezen. It started at his feet, and, stone by stone, rubble by rubble, the ground began working its way up his thighs, to his hips, and then his torso.
“No, Lazerek!” Andriezen screamed.
“Too late, old chum.This is the end, good bye,” Lazerek said, wiggling his fingers.
Just as the floor was about to envelope Andriezen’s arms, he waggled his fingers at the ceiling above Lazerek.The ceiling groaned and then began to fall on Lazerek and Gidas in huge ragged chunks. Gidas immediately called the magic into him and erected a shield clear as glass but harder than any rock.The debris landed on the shield like hail on a stone roof.
“Nice try,” Lazerek said, as the rubble solidified around Andriezen’s arms, hand, and neck.
Just as the rocks were about to cover Andriezen’s face he yelled out,”You will never finish this. I told everyone!” He laughed, maniacally.”I told them all and you will be caught. So kill—” his final words were cut off as the rocks covered his head. Only a slight mumbling could be heard. Then, with a twist of his wrist, Lazerek caused the entire stone structure to twist in a sickening lurch.Moments later blood began to ooze from between the rocks. 
Gidas stood and watched in awe.
“Well that is that,” Lazerek said dry washing his hands.
“But he said he told,” Gidas said.
“He did, and I already supposed as much. But it really does not matter.” 
“I guess not,” Gidas whispered. He was still watching as the blood drained between the stones.
The next morning Lazerek and Gidas made a quick stop at the king’s quarters before they left.The king was eating breakfast with his wife.They were only there for a moment.
A few hours later, bells across the city rang out announcing the death of King Tamas Highheart.The subjects were both elated and saddened by the loss of their king.The stories traveled fast through the city as to the cause of his death. 
One rumor was that he crossed a mage from Akilade.At least that was the rumor Fordde was spreading like wild fire. 

.

.


CHAPTER 14

That morning, Rolin brought out the man named Cortibis.He was not Zmarly, but a solid man skilled with a sword and a bow. He was tall and slim with chopped coppery hair, and a pale complexion that would burn easily in the sun. On one hip he carried a serviceable black sword and on his opposite shoulder he toted a yew bow painted with two black stripes. 
“Well met,” Range said, extending his arm. 
“Aye, well met,” Cortibis replied, shaking Range’s forearm.
“You’re looking for work?” Range asked.
“Aye, sir,” he nodded, looking at the ground. 
“You look young to be a mercenary,” Range said.
Cortibis looked up,”I have had three other employers before who will give me letters.”
Range nodded,”You’re not from around here.”
“I have traveled a lot.”
“You don’t look like you’ve seen many battles,” Range said.
“There’s been no wars for many years.”
“True,” Range said.”Why are you working as a mercenary now?”
“The pay’s good and it’s better work than a soldier.”
“So you were a soldier?” Range asked.
“No.”
Range paused.”I need someone honest.”
“You will supply the meals?” Cortibis asked.
“Sure.”
“Then I am the most honest person you’ve met,” Cortibis said. Range had no idea on what to make out of that.The man seemed sincere enough. Range didn’t need to know everything about the men working for him.As long as they protected his family all would be well. Range welcomed Cortibis into the group.
Morning passed uneventfully into afternoon.
The sun paled as a film began to attach itself to the sky. The wind howled out of the north soon followed by stalwart clouds moving in like soldiers.
Sterlin mumbled,”It’s going to be a cold winter.”No one commented, but they all knew he was correct.
The group stayed its northerly course, battling the eye-stinging wind. The children had sunken deep down into the front of the wagon, buried under rough blankets. They played games and sometimes peeked out to look around. The stone gray sky was growing steadily darker; a cold rain was promised on the wind.There was another inn not too far ahead where they could weather the storm.
They had gone for a while longer when Rolin called a halt to the march. 
“Someone is following us,” he said, looking behind.“Let me check. Stay here.”He was off into the woods, silent as a shadow.Range watched him go and wondered what the Zmarly was up to.
“That is unnerving, Range,” Nicodemus said as Range approached with the horse. Nicodemus had stopped to sit.
“It was.”
“Someone is following us and we did not notice. Do you think it is the same person?” Nicky looked at Sterlin and then back to Range.”Let Rolin Zavatla chase him up. With him for us, who can be against us?” He removed his boots and began rubbing his feet. 
“I am paying him, but I don’t like it when he runs off like that,” Range said. The children crept from under their blankets.Range helped Zoë and Mel from the wagon.He shuffled Mel’s hair and held Zoë to his hip while they waited.
“Is it bandits, father?” Zoë asked.
“I’m not sure,” he answered, and squatted down, eye-to-eye.”Are you scared?”
She shook her head,”Yes.”She gave him her smile.
“We have a bunch of strong men here to protect us. Look at Nicky, and Sterlin and Cortibis. They are strong men, well armed. We’ll be fine. Trust me.” She hugged him again.Mel ran up and punched him in the leg.Range boxed with son for a moment before standing back up. He had to make it fun for them. He owed them a lot and would make amends soon.
The cold wind was calmer now; the gray sky above was solid and unrelenting.Miriam unhooked her scarf from around her face.She gave Range a small smile.
They waited for a few moments when Range, tired of standing in the wind, moved the wagon about so it faced east.He then had the horse pull it off the road a little ways.Once there, he pulled the tarp loose and sat in on the ground, creating an excellent block of the wind.They sat in a circle waiting for Rolin’s return. 
Sterlin lit his pipe and Range and Nicodemus pulled out durries.Cortibis had no weed.
“Would you like a durry?” Nicky asked.
“If you’ve an extra one.” Nicky handed him the rolled up smoker.Sterlin handed him his quickflint.Soon they were all sitting, blocked by the wind, waiting. 
“Cortibis, what made you decide to become a mercenary?” Sterlin asked.
“Pay’s good and it’s better than being a soldier,” Cortibis said.
“I’m sure it is, but that’s no answer,” Sterlin said, with a chuckle.”I wanted to know what made you decide to become one. Not why you are one.”
Cortibis paused for a moment.He seemed to be weighing something. What was he pondering?Range was hoping it was nothing bad. He’d hate to have to let the man go.
Cortibis took another drag from his durry.”It’s a long story,” he said.
Sterlin looked about,”I don’t think we’re going anywhere for a while.”
Cortibis leaned back on one arm, obviously still not convinced.Range suddenly wanted to hear this man’s story. Come on tell. 
The mercenary sat up, crossed his legs and put his elbows on his knees,”When I was younger, my father was a salt merchant.He would go to the canyon, buy the salt and then sell it in the city. He only had one wagon and one donkey. But boy he loaded that wagon up.” He paused for a moment, caught in the moment.”There were a lot of other salt merchants, most had large wagons and lots of them.They kept a solid stream of caravans going from the salt canyon to the city.” He took a drag on his durry.”The money my father made was so little I received clothes once a year and we usually had watery porridge one meal a day.My mother did what she could around the city to make more money, but she had a clubbed foot and no skills to sell.Usually they both got home at night, tired and worn out.Sometimes my mother would find extra work and get me a tart from the truck.It was the best thing I ever ate.” He almost smiled.”Anyway, one day my father was driving a load of salt he had just purchased and got stuck in some mud on the road.Along came some of the king’s men. As they rode by my father’s wagon, one of them, as a joke, whacked the back of his wagon with a club.The back of the old wagon cracked and spilled almost all the salt onto the mud.” He paused for a moment, taking another drag,”My father tried all day to get that salt out of that mud and then try to get the mud out of the salt. How do you wash salt?Finally he gave up, left the wagon on the side of the road, and rode the donkey home.
“When he got home that night, he’d been crying.He told my mother what’d happened to the salt and to the wagon.She cried with him.”He took a long pause, and a few drags from the durry. His hand shook as he pulled the durry from his mouth.”Well my father tried to find work for two weeks and so did my mother.We were kicked out of the hovel we were living in because we’d missed two weeks payment and we had no food.I hated my father for being such a no good peasant, wanting him to have money and power.My mother became very ill. Sleeping out in the cold, with no tent or blankets. We had no money for a healer, so we prayed for her to get better.We hadn’t eaten in almost three days. I walked through town and saw a man selling bread.”He ran his fingers through his hair.”When I smelled that bread I lost my mind, completely lost it.I had to have that bread. It had been three days. If I could get some food into my mother maybe she would be better.” He paused.”No. I’m lying. I wanted the bread for myself.My hunger had taken my mind. My mother was in my head, but she was after me. I came first. 
“I waited until I was certain the vendor was not looking and snuck up behind him to get the bread.Well I wasn’t fast enough and he caught me.”
“Ouch,” Nicky said. 
“I was too young to throw into the prisons or dungeons, so they made me a slave of the king.”
“Which one?”Sterlin asked, through clenched teeth. Pipe smoke streamed about him.
“Hesh Andard, but I rarely saw him. I was always doing errands for all of his advisors and other servants. I would go with him when he traveled sometimes, but it was not often.
“Well in Zamek, when you do a crime, you go before an arbiter who decides how long your term of service will be. Apparently, for the crime of stealing a loaf of bread, the term is seven years.”
“Ooln’s beard!” Sterlin said, taking the pipe from his mouth.
Cortibis nodded,”While I was in the palace, my mother died. I never saw her after that day I stole the bread.My father disappeared.I don’t know if he died or just left after my mother and I were gone.During my entire time in my enslavement, I thought about nothing but my freedom.I determined that when I was free again, I would never live the life my father did.I would make it.I thought about what I wanted to be when I was freed. I tried to work out how I would make money and have lots of it. But I couldn’t. My father didn’t teach me anything about money or how to make it.Then one day, I was working in the field and a man came walking through.The master of the field asked him who he was and what he wanted. I forget his name, but I remember he said he was a mercenary.He spoke to the angry and rigid field master for a moment. The field manager shook his head constantly until the mercenary pulled out a bag fat with coins, and fished out two silvers for the field master.I couldn’t believe my eyes. Two silvers! In all my father’s work, we only earned four coppers a week.It was then that I knew I wanted to be a mercenary. If they had that much money, then that’s what I was to be.”
“Wow,” Nicky said.
“I told you it was a long tale,” Cortibis said. He snuffed the durry out in the dirt and flicked the end of it into the woods. Moments later, Rolin emerged.
Rolin’s hood had fallen during his hunt and was now around his shoulders. The bright sheen on his bald head was contrasted by his black topknot.
“Was your search fruitful?” Sterlin asked 
“I saw what might be tracks, but perhaps not. I saw no one, but I had the distinct feeling that someone was near, someone or something not good. If there is someone out there, they are very adept at hiding any trace of their passing.” He pulled his hood up again. 
Range nodded,”Our pursuers?”He was hoping not.Thoughts of the demons played in his mind.He didn’t have too much of the oil left and wasn’t very certain on how much they would need.
“Perhaps. We must be on our way. I think it wise for us to move onward toward the inn ahead. It will provide us with some safety.”
“Agreed,” said Range.”Let us be on our way then.”
They were ever watchful for a possible attack. About mid afternoon they passed a small group of men heading south.The leader of the group said they were beginning their hunt for the three Swords of Saddig.Someone had located one and everyone now had the fever.Range groaned inside. This only further complicated his journey. Now everyone and their brother would be looking in every nook for the Swords.Damn!
The sun was just beginning to slide down in the west, when they came over a rise and saw the inn. Before them lay a great expanse of trees.From his vantage point Range could look behind and ahead. From both views it appeared the same. The road wound away into the trees never to be seen again.Range reflected on the distance they had come and on the amount left. They were not even halfway to Romus yet.They must hurry. Every moment he felt the danger increasing.
A cold wind shook them from their brief stop. 
The inn was barely perceptible from where they stood. A healthy plume of smoke jutted from the chimney. From their distance the plume looked to be moving in as if through water, languid in its retreat from the building. 
“I sense a snug night’s succor from a stiff blanket!” Sterlin said.
“And some piping hot cider!” Chimed Nicodemus. His nose was bright red and drippy.
“A respite from this relentless wind will be nice,” Miriam said through her scarf.The children had drifted into a snooze.
They began down the hill and were shortly upon the inn. 
It was larger than the one they had stayed in before.A weathered sign outside dubbed it The Squealing Briggle. A cluster of thatched roof buildings snuggled together around a small intersection of the two dirt roads.A small lantern sat on each corner of the intersection. Sterlin laughed,”This is almost a real town!” 
“What’s a Briggle?” Nicky asked.
There were a few houses to the north just outside of what Range considered the town proper, a blacksmith and a small supply shop sat to the east.No one was about, it was cold and nightfall was imminent.They parked the wagon and horses outside the inn and Cortibis stood watch.The inside was like every other inn Range had seen. It had a low ceiling reinforced with thick wooden rafters and smelled earthy like a field after rain. A big warm hearth and a lot of tables tossed about occupied most of the room. A three-piece band played on a small stage.Only a few other patrons sat, drinking and eating. Range and Nicodemus pulled two tables together and everyone took a seat. 
A burly looking man burst from the kitchen. He had no hair except for a gray tuft above each ear, and a pudgy face that looked like a baby about to cry. He wiped his sweaty forehead with a towel and stuffed it back into the filthy apron he was wearing. The threadbare apron sported numerous unhealthy looking spots. A sour look fell on Miriam’s face.
“What can I get fer you folks?” he more sighed than said.
“What do you have?” asked Sterlin. 
“We got veal, chicken, and goat to eat, and ale, cider or coffee to drink.”
They ordered.
“Oh, and we will need lodgings for the night as well,” Sterlin said after placing his order for veal, beans and some hot cider.
“How many rooms you be needin’?” The innkeeper asked, looking their numbers over.
“I would say three.” 
“Three it is. I’ll get my boys to get yer rooms ready.” He spun and made for the kitchen. 
“Bit of a sloppy fellow,” Sterlin observed.
“Aye, I hope his food and drink are clean. Bad food makes you sick every time.” Nicodemus said.He pulled a durry out of his pocket and went to get a light from the fireplace. 
Mel and Zoë were seated on either side of their mother, while Range sat across from them. Zoë looked tired, but Mel looked as if he was enjoying the adventure
“Zoë, are you sleepy?” Range asked her. The circles under her eyes were deep and dark.
“Yes, I can’t wait to get upstairs into bed.”
“Soon. I will tuck you in myself,” he said, leaning over, patting her hand.She gave a tired smile.His heart went out to her. The children were beat. They were reaping what their parent’s sowed. 
Dinner was served shortly thereafter.The drink was watered down, and the food was bland, but they were satisfied. The shelter of the inn was enough to lift their spirits and they began to laugh and talk merrily. 
“Can you tell us another story?” Mel asked of Sterlin.
“Not tonight,” Miriam said.
“Please?” Zoë asked.
“I would not mind at all,” Sterlin said.
“Perhaps another time,” Miriam said.
Sterlin nodded.”Aye.”
Rolin switched watch and Cortibis came in out of the cold. The sun had set and the night had begun in earnest. Outside the wind had died down.
The innkeeper offered them shelter for their wagon and their horses, which they accepted.Range locked up the wagon and unhitched his horse. When they were done, Range and Nicodemus went upstairs to rest and relax for one more night, glad to be out of the cold. The innkeep here told them there were no more inns on the way until they reached Rommel. Sterlin, Rolin and Cortibis decided to enjoy the music and some more ale before sleeping.
Range entered into his room. Miriam and the children were getting ready for bed.Mel was begrudgingly receiving his wash up from his mother while Zoë sat and watched.She was brushing her hair and humming a light tune to herself. 
Miriam turned at Range’s entrance,”Did you get the soap I asked for?”
Range stopped,”I forgot it.”
“Can you go and get it for me?”
“Sure.”
“Hurry, this bar I am using is almost gone,” she said, rubbing Mel’s neck vigorously. 
“Aye,” he said making for the door.
“Can I come too father?” Zoë asked.
“Certainly, if your mother does not mind.”
“No, go ahead.”
She hopped up and Range opened the door for her.”After you Miss,” he said, bowing.
She bowed in response and walked out the door. Range followed closing it with a thud.
Outside the air was sharp and still, almost refreshing next to the stuffiness inside.As Range and Zoë exited they could see the inn, along with the other four buildings occupying each corner, had the lamps turned up.The center of town was well lit and pleasant looking.Range moved toward the wagon, condensation billowing out with every breath.

***

Zoë was distracted for a moment, falling behind.
Something moved in the night and looked like a raccoon, or maybe a rabbit, hopping around in the darkness just out of the light.She crept closer. It was not one, but two things and they became clearer, but still not discernable. She took a step closer. The little shadows hopped back, once again out of her view in the darkness. She wished the lamplight extended over to where she was.She took a step closer. The hopping shapes let out a little screech. She took a step closer. They were small, not much bigger than a dog, but she could not see them. They seemed to just escape the light.She moved more toward them. She was completely out of the lamplight now. 
The hopping stopped. The two figures lunged for her. She screamed and tried to run, but it was too late, the two little figures had her. They dragged her a few feet, to a shadow.The shadow had eyes.
She screamed again. 

***

The first scream alerted Range. He made a mad dash to the front of the inn, where a nightmare was in progress. 
Stepping into the lamplight was the Osaban Priest with two smallish demons hopping around his feet. 
The priest had Zoë in the crook of his arm, and his wicked blade at her throat.
“Let her go,” Range said. He felt for his sword, but he had not strapped it on.
From above he heard the window open, it was Miriam, she had heard the cry.She yelled for Zoë, who cried back in a choked sob. Tears streamed down the girl’s face. Music muffled incoherently from the inn.
“I will let this pretty little thing go when I have the Sword in my hands. Not a moment before.” the cold voice from behind the mask said. Range felt icy dread fill his stomach.
“The Sword. Or she comes with me,” the priest said. 
“You will have to get by me to do that,” Range said, moving toward the priest and his daughter. 
“One more step, and she gets my blade. I want the Sword.” He touched the blade to Zoë’s neck.Out of the shadows stepped two human-sized demons.They were core ugly, with distorted faces, and horns jutting from their heads. Their skin was neither black nor crimson. Their muscles flexed effortlessly in the darkness. Their feet were cloven, and huge teeth grew out of their faces like a perversion.Both were naked, small tufts of wiry hair covered their groins and chins.
Nicodemus’s head popped out of the second story window next to Miriam’s.
“These are my protectors,” the priest said, motioning toward the two demons standing behind him. 
“They wont help you if you’re dead,” Range said.
“You speak too much. Sword. Now.” He pressed the blade against Zoë’s neck. She cried out. Range felt his heart leap in his chest. Tears slid silently down Zoë’s cheeks.
Range was panicking; he could not remember where he had put the Sword. He was going to give it to this man. His daughter was not worth the price of the Sword.His daughter was worth more than a hundred magic swords.But where had he put it? His memory had left him. 
“Miriam, throw me down the Sword,” he said without looking up at the window. 
“I will get it,” Nicodemus said, disappearing.
“As soon as the Sword is in your hands, run. Am I clear?” Range said. 
“Very clear.” The priest did not seem too worried about Range, especially with four demons hovering about.
“I will get you free,” Range promised Zoë.”You’re not alone, I am here with you.”
She sobbed,”Please father!”
Range almost choked up tears.”Don’t be afraid, you will be free in a moment.”
Nicodemus appeared at the window with the gray bundle and tossed it at Range.Range picked it up and offered it to the Priest.
“Toss it here,” the priest said. He sounded almost mesmerized.
“Release her.”
“How simple it would be to cut her throat,” the priest said waving his blade around.”How much plainer can I make this?”
Range tossed the Sword, Miriam gasped.
The priest bent a little.”Pick the Sword up, Zoë,” he said.Range cringed. The name of his daughter on the tongue of that creature turned his stomach.
Zoë picked up the Sword and held it. Nicky and Miriam watched from the window. Range stood on legs as taught as wet noodles.The priest bent over the Sword, as he did Nicky disappeared again in the window above. 
The priest appeared to sniff the Sword.He nodded to himself.”Fools.”
Range felt his insides suddenly leap,”Don’t--!” he screamed.
The priest pulled the blade across Zoë’s neck. Blood spurted out over her nightgown.A heart-rending wail erupted from Miriam. Range sprinted to his daughter who was trying to scream, but only managed wet gurgling noises.The priest plucked the Sword from her falling hands, spun and walked between his two demons.Zoë crumbled to the ground.
Suddenly, Sterlin, Rolin, Cortibis and Nicky flew from The Squealing Briggle. 
Miriam wailed again, and fainted back into the room.
The look on Zoë’s face was of surprise, fear and pain. She tried to scream, but was unable to.Her eyes pleaded with Range to rescue her.Her anguish was his. 
He seemed to be moving through water unable to reach her, while her blood spilled in deadly amounts.He cried out for her,”ZOË!” 
Range fell upon her, trying to hold her sliced neck together, trying to keep the life force inside. His hands were slick with her blood. Her last bit of life ebbed away. Her last strings that held her to this world were rapidly being cut.
“Please, father Ooln, save my daughter! Give me the power to save her life!” he cried while placing his hands on her throat.He felt a warmness in his hands going into Zoë; he felt a moment of hope rise.But then he looked into her eyes. They were already glassed over. Her breathing had stopped. Her spirit had left her body.
“NO! NO! NO!” Range cried. His vision had dropped to a small circle that included his daughter’s face, and nothing else. Her eyes were still open, but no heart beat in her now.He cried hard tears, and hugged her to him, oblivious to the blood covering his clothes.”I am here with you my sweetness, you’re not alone!I am here with you!Ah my beautiful daughter.” He cried more and more. He continued to rock, while holding his daughter.
“Range,” Nicodemus said, but Range was not listening to him. He was not listening to anything. A hand came around his shoulder, gripped something on his neck, and tore it away.His daughter was dead. His daughter was dead. His daughter was dead.
Around him the fighting continued.Range’s party battling the demons.He didn’t see the fighting and didn’t care.His daughter was dead.Suddenly it was quiet.The night was still again. He crushed Zoë’s tiny body against his.
“Range? Is she—” He heard a voice from over his shoulder.It was Nicky. 
Range raised his head violently to the heavens,”Oh my god why have you let this happen!Have I not been a good disciple? Have I not done my part to properly do as your edicts say! MY DAUGHTER IS DEAD!” He broke down again. Thundering sobs interrupted by curses and utterances of despair wracked his huge body.Nicky dropped to his friend’s side and laid his hand on his shoulder. Tears came to Nicodemus’s eyes and slipped down his cheeks. Rolin, Cortibis and Sterling stood apart. They said nothing, but stood watch.
Sterlin leaned over to Cortibis,”Those were demons.What’s an Osaban priest doing here?” 
Nicodemus explained what happened.
Rolin stood, looking about.”Why did the Osaban priest kill Zoë?”
Mel came running from The Squealing Briggle and dropped down to where his father was clutching his sister. Tears streamed from his eyes, he let out a pain-filled sound.Range reached out and brought the boy to him. Holding them both, he rocked back and forth. 
“Why does an Osaban do anything he does?” Nicodemus said, caught.
Rolin looked at Nicodemus dead on,”What mysteries you keep is your own business, but I have been paid to protect this family, and I cannot protect them if I do not know what dangers stalk us.”
Range piped up,”Tell them Nicky! Who cares anymore! That bastard took the Sword.”
Nicodemus stood.He put his hands on his hips and blew out a long sigh. 
“It is a mournful night. What I tell you must stay in our group.All of you have been paid an extreme amount of money to protect this family on this journey.Serious matters are afoot and honest warriors are needed.”He eyed the three men before him.
“Go on,” Sterlin said. 
“We are carrying one of the Swords of Saddig.” 
The three men stood and said nothing for a moment, surprise evident on their faces.An ice-cold wind shot by, shaking the hanging lamps nearby, but none noticed.
Cortibis spoke up,”It is a heavy burden. Truly you are an oak, Range Ironstone.”
Miriam burst from the inn toward her family.She dropped next to Range and Mel and Zoë’s body.She wailed once and then grabbed her daughter’s body and clenched it to her.Range hugged Mel to him. They were a family, together.Alone.
“We should get them inside,” Rolin said. 
“Aye,” Sterlin said,”but give them a moment.” Tears floated in his eyes.
The family sat on the ground, sharing in their misery. Range finally pulled away and peered at the sky.He had work to do. 

The next morning, Range and Sterlin were outside the inn, smoking a durry. Range had not slept the night before and his eyes were hollow red circles. He felt like he had nothing inside. He was hollow. He felt like he was looking in on someone else’s day, someone else’s life.His daughter was dead, and he no longer carried the Sword.He felt the grief and relief battling in his head. 
Nicodemus and Rolin came out with supplies, placing them on the wagon. 
Miriam and Cortibis came next, with Mel in tow.
Nicodemus had something wrapped in a brown fabric.He handed it to Range. 
“What is this?” Range asked.
Nicky said nothing.
Range peeled back part of the fabric. His heart slammed in his chest. He thought we was about to faint.
In his hands was Bellatrix, the Sword of Saddig.
“How?”Range asked. His voice shook.
“I wrapped the gray blanket around another sword before throwing it down.”
Range didn’t know how he felt. Good that he still had the Sword?Did he even want this filthy thing with innocent blood on it? His stomach turned.The Sword was still his. The released burden, slammed back down on him.He didn’t want the Sword. The yoke was reapplied to his neck. 
Range dropped the Sword, grabbed Nicky by his tunic and threw him up against the wall.”How dare you jeopardize the life of my daughter for a Sword! Because of you she is dead!”
Nicky said nothing, his eyes wide with surprise and fear. 
“Why did you do it?” Range yelled into his friend’s face.
“He was going to kill her regardless!” Nicky yelled back.
Range pulled him a little from the wall and then slammed him against it again.”You don’t know that.”
“She was dead no matter what!” Nicky said. 
Range drew back and punched Nicky in the jaw.Nicky fell to the ground. Range stepped away. He ran his hands through his hair and turned away.Zoë had died, possibly because of Nicky. His mind raced.
“We are still going to see Garon,” Range said, turning to the group. 
They said nothing back.Range made up his mind about something else too.”Nicodemus, you will take Miriam and Mel to her family in Crompulous to bury my daughter.”Miriam’s hurt look almost undid Range.”Now,” he completed. They had wrapped Zoë’s body and placed it in the back of the wagon to be buried with her family.
“No!” Miriam said.”I will not be separated from you now. No! I will not go.”
“Well since my friend Nicky has decided to keep me with this thing, I have no other choice. I will not have my family put in jeopardy again. I cannot lose you all.” 
“I cannot leave you,” she said.
“You must.”
“I cannot.”
“There is no choice. I love you too much to risk you.”
Tears spilled down her cheeks.Mel hugged to her hip.”Range, do not do this,” she said.
“I must. You are all that’s left to me.”
She turned from him and got onto the wagon.Mel climbed up with her. She sat, looking at her lap. Mel leaned against her.
Range turned to Nicodemus,”I’m trusting you.” He was still angry with his friend, but he put it away for now.
“I will see they get there safely. Do not fear. Once there, I will make my way to you as quickly as possible.”
Nicky boarded the wagon along with Mel and Miriam.Nicky’s hair was the same walnut color as Miriam and Mel’s. Range was satisfied, they looked like a family. Nicky did not look at him. 
“Be safe,” Range said to Miriam. She leaned over and hugged him, her cheeks were wet with tears. 
“I love you Range Ironstone,” she said, quietly.
“I love you Miriam Ironstone. I will come to you as soon as possible.”
They released and Mel received his hug from Range. 
“Be good and safe, son. Protect your mother.”
“I love you father, you be safe as well.” His young face was tired and worn from no sleep.
Nicodemus shook the reins and they were off.Mel turned and waved to Range as they went around a bend.Range waved back, pain evident on his face.
“Sharpen your swords men. We leave shortly,” he said, without turning.

.

CHAPTER 15


Lazerek and Gidas stopped on the lip of the valley. Their hard ride had left their entire troop of men saddle-sore and grumpy.A sharp wind at their back was contrasted by the warm sun on their faces.
As Gidas peered into the valley he let out a short whistle. He had a feeling something bad was about to happen.He could not define what it was, but something was there.
He thought the metropolis of Rommel was awe-inspiring.The entire area was snuggled into the bottom of a bowl-like valley. Majestic pines and clusters of oak and firs spotted the walls of the green and lush valley.Rust colored boulders with smooth edges fought their way past the trees at the upper reaches. The river flumen amnis cascaded over the eastern wall of the valley, cutting down the side, captured by a pool at the bottom. A great plume of curling mist could be seen even at this distance. Gidas could see a cut through the trees, where the river continued, traversing by Rommel on its way south to spill into Oceana, the southern sea.On the opposite end of the valley, the Argoth Plains were lost in the haze. A redolent and invigorating wind stirred out of the south.
The city proper was resplendent. Gidas thought it was easily twice as large as Kitarssis, and appreciably cleaner.The sun beamed down radiating life and vibrancy.From this distance he couldn’t make out individual people, but a feeling of constant movement, action and zest ebbing around and through the city. The palace sat on a small rise, the city sprawling below melted from the palace like wax from a candle.The palace was a grand castle. Even from here it was thrilling from its glistening moat, to its five spires ending in billowing red flags. He could see men, mostly blurry smudges at this distance, walking among the ramparts. One oddity caused him a second glance. There was a large metal structure of sorts running from the top of the waterfall over to the top of the castle. The tubular structure stretched at least a mile, and grew smaller, angling down as it reached the palace. A solidly built wooden scaffold, as intricate as the castle itself, held it up.There were also many oddly shaped dark spots on the walls and towers.He could see the grand drawbridge was down allowing citizens to access their king. A small village could be housed within the courtyard of the palace.Two huge temples anchored the ends of the great city offering sanctuary and worship. The residents of the city were quite prolific and the entire region was prosperous.Rommel had done well for itself.He was impressed with these people, so far.
There was said to be sentries posted on either side of the valley watching the north and south for enemies. Gidas could not make out any points that screamed”sentry” to him, but he was certain they were there. 
Two monumental red firs stood to either side of the road that led into the valley as if marking the beginning of the city limits.The road dipped south into the valley and was quickly covered by the forest in its descent.
Lazerek motioned for Gidas,”Send the men.I want Rexillion to have plenty of time.”
“Aye.” He swung his horse about and informed the two captains of their duty, they grudgingly obliged. 
As the two riders bounded down the trail, heading for the forest, the remaining troops dismounted along with Gidas and Lazerek.
“Did the sentries see us as we rode into the valley?” Gidas asked.
“I am certain there is already a dispatch riding hard to the king.We look quite formidable from a distance.”
They ate a small meal of dried beef and cheese, while waiting ample time so the messengers could deliver. Gidas was thankful for the rest. His hindquarters were stiff and sore. He was definitely not used to riding so much. He truly hated riding horses and wished they had used a wagon or palanquin instead, but Lazerek had to be in a rush. Gidas stood on the edge of the valley still admiring its beauty before Lazerek announced they were leaving. 
The ride into the valley was pleasant, all down hill providing their backs a rest as they leaned away from their horses.The trees grew up thick around them and the air grew considerably cooler. The sound of birds chirping and bees buzzing filled the air. Gidas kept his eyes hopping. He looked over at Lazerek who rode with a comfortable silence that said he was planning something. The forest thickened as they rode, branches burdened with leaves almost blocking out the sun, which spilled in golden flickers to the ground. The wind brought the entire forest to life as it shook the leaves. The bark of the elms was smooth and pale, and the leaves were wide, flat and dark green.The air under the canopy was cool and sweet. Gidas thought this forest would be a great place to set up an ambush. 
As their trek progressed casually through the forest Gidas slowly let his guard down. He had a group of one hundred men with him and possibly the most powerful mage in the land.He had nothing to fear. He began to hum a little tune.
They made their way uneventfully to the end of the woods and into a small clearing, sitting in sunshine, marked as a welcome area to any travelers.Gidas thought it was quaint.
The area was one big circle and the ground was bricked. Two enormous stone pillars book-ended the circle.A small building hewn out of stone stood against the trees to the southwest, looking as if someone had gutted a boulder and slapped a rickety wooden door on it. 
Lazerek’s company filled the glen.The stink of horse was heavy and the sun shone brightly down upon them. Gidas had to squint from the resurgent sunlight.
The wooden door creaked opened and two men emerged.They were vintage men who looked well preserved, dressed charmingly as if they had just left a dinner engagement. Their white hair glowed in the sun. The shorter one carried a scroll, looking like the grandfather of no one.Neither man looked pleased with this many men on their front porch.
“Good day sirs,” Lazerek said amicably, leaning over his horse.Gidas didn’t like it when Lazerek was nice.
“Perhaps it is and perhaps it isn’t,” said the shorter man eyeing Lazerek’s group of one hundred men. 
Lazerek smiled. Gidas hated it.
“Is it a crime to pass on this free road? Is it now private?”
“It is a free road,” began the lankier one.”Shall we begin?” 
“I merely wish to speak to the king,” Lazerek said.
“And speak to him you shall, after we ask you a few questions.”
Gidas didn’t like this. People should not poke at Lazerek like this. Gidas knew better than to poke a dog with a stick.Usually you get bitten.
“This is ridiculous,” Lazerek said. 
Gidas nudged his horse forward,”Sirs, do you normally speak to your master this way? You sniff about and wag your tails, and you do not know you are in the presence of betters. Were it in his nature, my master would scourge you two to the bone.He is a Praeceptor of Akilade, greater than any king you deem worthy to put on your throne.” There, that should pacify Lazerek. 
“Pardon,” said the smaller one, tucking the scroll under one arm,”Please accept our sincerest apologies.Please pass with all graces and best wishes.” They both took a step back.Fear stood in their eyes.Gidas was glad he’d gotten around that one.He still felt something bad coming and could not shake it. They had better be careful. He wasn’t certain Lazerek was entirely sane.
“Did my men not pass by here a short while ago?” Lazerek asked.
“Aye, but they made no mention of you and we do not question such a small party of men,” the shorter one said.
Gidas managed back into his place behind Lazerek, who acted as if this was an everyday occurrence.They nudged their horses forward. 
The road to the castle was bricked and well tended.Gidas was impressed with the care taken to keep the road in such a fine state.The bricks wended through more trees and culminated at the opening in the lower reaches of the city. 
From up close the city was just as fair as from a distance.The buildings were painted in pastels or whitewashed, the streets were clean, and the roofs were tiled or thatched. The people milled about casually, speaking and laughing.Most of the citizens wore robes or long tunics with pants.The bricked streets allowed men and women alike to wear sandals and not just boots.
The main road cut a path directly to the castle and as they got nearer the houses and establishments were more affluent and better tended.Small gardens occupied the fronts of houses and windows were more prevalent. The main bricked road, and all side roads, had large amounts of human traffic. Gidas thought it was like a fat man walking, there was a lot there, but it was moving. He could see shopkeepers with their doors thrown open and people entering and leaving with packages.A small three-piece musical band played on one street corner. People danced in the street and some tossed money into the red pouch on the ground.The group passed a building with a wooden sign hung outside on an iron post. It read: Good Food.From the smells that wafted down, Gidas did not doubt it. He guessed it was some sort of inn, but could not see where the guests would sleep. They passed a few guards who eyed their group and watched them as they rode by slowly.Gidas saw one magician’s shop, the blue sign out front read: Magic Supplies.He wondered if they would be making a stop by during their tenure in the city.
He was surprised to see no street urchins, vagrants, or drunkards, a stark reassurance of Rommel’s might.Everyone who could do well was. Gidas found he liked this city and would not mind an extended stay. 
As they got near the castle they came upon a great circle, it was a junction where the two main streets came together. In the center was an enormous sun clock.The slanted dial was hewn out of the most beautiful marble Gidas had ever seen, patina green swirled with white.The flat surface that marked the passing of time had deep grooves cut along it in increments that noted one hour. Surrounding the enormous timekeeper was a shallow pool of water kept fresh by a cascade churning from the center of the dial. The pool had a short stone rail and bench encircling it, so spectators could stop and sit.Many people were doing that currently. Children ran about. Some sat, dipping their feet into the pool.Gidas thought it a little too cool to stick his feet in a pool of water, but the citizens seemed to enjoy it. Businesses and homes surrounded the circle in a stair-step fashion: the closer buildings were shorter, and the buildings behind them gradually got taller, so that all could see the huge timepiece in the middle of the circle.
Guards tended the palace gates and stopped Lazerek only long enough to make sure he was who was supposed to be.Gidas marveled at the palace.Numerous spires and levels with many balconies and stairs occupied the outside and windows sat on every corner and every wall. Gidas could now see what the dark spots on the castle were. Stained glass on every floor, providing what must be a wonderfully colorful light for the interior of the palace.One magnificent balcony hung half-circled over the front of the palace. Thick, white spindles sat on the edge of the balcony and a stone banister topped them. 
They continued over the moat, the drawbridge was wide, thick and serious. Gidas peered over the edge of the drawbridge and looked into the dark, murky water that waited. The smell was moldy and stagnant, but it seemed to him something lurked under that water: something not all too friendly. 
The group walked under the portcullis that could drop in a second’s notice. The walls of the castle were thick and solid. Nowhere could a crack or a misplaced stone be seen. The wind blew with anger through the tunnel they took to the inner courtyard. 
The light was bright at the other end, and when they made their way out into the courtyard, all the men were squinting. Suddenly silver horns sounded and deep drums were banged in a timed rhythm. Once his eyes adjusted, Gidas could see the group of musicians assembled for Lazerek’s welcome. Two huge white banners had been strung up to either side of the men and groups of people gathered about wanting to see the Praeceptor and his small band.A large round of applause went up from the crowd and Gidas could see the king standing in the shadows far above them, bidding them a hello.Lazerek nodded his approval, and Gidas relaxed. He was not certain why Lazerek was so adamant about this little show of respect, but it seemed very important to the mage. These mage games began to wear on Gidas’s nerves.
Once the horns stopped and the drums were banged no more, the king spoke. 
“Hail to the great Praeceptor, Lazerek! Welcome to our humble castle!Please make yourself at home and enjoy our wares!Accept these tokens of our mutual peace.” As he said this two women clad in thin veils and silver belts moved out of the crowd and reached up to place golden medallions around Gidas and Lazerek’s neck.”You are now welcomed as family and may move about as you see fit!Let all who see him know this to be true! I want no one to hinder the mage in his affairs!”
With that the king turned and left.Gidas thought this was strange but did not say anything.Lazerek did not appear to be affected by anything the king had said. Gidas once again felt something strange, but was not certain what. Something was not right.
A small man with no hair walked curtly up to them.He wore a fine looking white shirt, with tight black pants and a thick gold chain around his neck. His eyebrows were oiled to his head and a black van dyke encircled his mouth.
“I am the provincial governor, Marton.I will see you to your quarters and make all the necessary arrangements for you.Your men will have to stay in the barracks. We will have our hands take care of your horses,” he said.He had an attitude, which Gidas quickly picked up on. Something definitely was not right here. He knew Rexillion despised Akilade.
“Aye, lead us then,” Lazerek said.Gidas thought the mage was blinded by the welcome.
As they dismounted and followed the short man, the crowd quietly dispersed. 
They entered the castle via a heavy wooden door hidden under the shadow of an alcove.The hall they entered was not overly large, but it was clean and comfortably dry. Vibrant reds, glorious blues and glowing yellows lit the halls as the sun from outside filtered through the stained glass. 
Gidas noticed very little decorations; it was sparse and neat.The air was smooth feeling as it flowed through the castle, and Gidas wondered how they kept it at such a desirable temperature. 
“Here is your room,” Marton said, opening a large wooden door braced at the top and bottom with brass straps. 
The room was what Gidas had come to expect for the Praeceptor.It was disgustingly grand and pompous. Just the way Lazerek liked it. 
Marton left them in the room while he stood in the hallway.”Young master, your room is just to the left of here, I trust you will have no trouble finding it.”And he was gone.
Gidas entered Lazerek’s room and closed the door. He found a fluffy couch and settled his aching bones into it. 
“How dare they,” Lazerek started,”treat me with such indifference?Rexillion did not even offer me a private escort, or his own personal attention. What has happened to the respect of the office?King Rexillion needs a strong reminder of who it is who rules this land.”
And I’m sure you’re just the person to give it to him, thought Gidas.”Aye, master,” He said, mustering as much empathy as he could voice. 
“We will rest for a short while, my bones are not young as they used to be,” Lazerek said.
“Even my young bones are aching like an elder’s.”Gidas was very tired. He just wanted to go to his room and sleep. But he knew good old Lazerek would want him at his elbow.
Lazerek pulled of his traveling robe and settled it onto the back of a chair. He then settled himself into the chair, putting his feet upon a small white stool. 
“Master,” began Gidas,”how do you deal with it?”
“With what?” Lazerek asked.
“The disrespect.”
“From the kings?”
“Yes. What was it like before, in the time when people respected Akilade and its mages?”
“That was a grand time indeed,” Lazerek said, pulling out his pipe.”It’s been a long time, and the kings were a different sort.There were five kings when I first went to Akilade, and the annual recruitment day was not held. If one wanted into the school, one had to prove himself worthy.It was no easy task. No task worth doing ever is.But all were accepted into the school as a pot scrubber, or a gardener assistant or some menial task below standards of humanity.”Lazerek patted himself down for a moment, looking for his quicklflint. Gidas watched as he began to call up the magic to light the pipe.
Nothing happened. 
Lazerek dropped his unlit pipe and stood up in shock.Gidas sat up straight,”Master, what is it?”
“The magic! I am being blocked! What—” He seemed to be focusing on something and nothing all at the same time.Gidas attempted to access the magic, but found he could not either.What would they do now? What would Lazerek do now? He was blocked from his power.Gidas thought this might be interesting. The king was certainly not happy to see them, and would be more than pleased to do them some ill. There was treachery at work here.The feelings Gidas had been having all afternoon welled up.
“What has happened?” he asked, as Lazerek circled the huge room over and over again.
“Where is the magic?” Lazerek stopped walking and stood. A look of utter concentration etched his face.Gidas simply watched, enthralled.
With a suddenness that belied his age, Lazerek jumped.
“Got it!” He lifted the golden medallion around his neck.”This thing is what prevents us from accessing the magic. It must be. It is the only thing we have received since arriving. I sensed no spells about the palace before we arrived.”
“Then let us take them off,” cried Gidas, reaching for his.
“Stop!” Lazerek yelled.”Do not remove it. These medallions are set to do any number of things if the wearer attempts to remove them. Only specific people are allowed. The workmanship is far above standard. Whoever made these buried the magic under so many twists and turns, it is almost impossible to detect.” Maybe you didn’t notice anything, old man, but I certainly did, Gidas thought.”He twisted it just so, so that it will stop us from pulling it into ourselves. Bravo!” He shook his head.”Rexillion is remiss in his treatment of a Praeceptor.Shine your boots and comb your hair,” he said to Gidas.”We are on our way to meet royalty.”And with that he was off.
The halls twisted this way and that. Many people passed the mage and his apprentice, and none looked too impressed.Some even gave scoffing looks at the two, as if they did not approve of them at all. Gidas could see Lazerek growing more furious by the moment. The mage finally grew tired of the hunt and grabbed a young man forcing him to take them to the king. 
King Rexillion was sitting on his throne, polishing a large double-edged sword. A fat ruby sat in the pommel and winked whenever Rexillion moved. The room was huge and marbled from floor to ceiling. Huge pillars lined the walls and an enormous ivory statue of a man ready to do pitched battle, stood in the middle of the room. 
Rexillion’s man-at-arms was standing next to him speaking softly.King Rexillion nodded while the man-at-arms spoke. Rexillion was a fit man. He was neither large nor thin. He had fine sandy hair, and a short cropped beard that grew up into a fine mustache.His clothes were simple but expensive taupe and his boots were mirror black.Rexillion was a king in every sense of the word and, if by his actions, one could speculate, then it could be said he was a good king. He sat regally on the throne, naturally.He seemed to be a part of the throne, more than just a human, an Office of Power. 
The throne was white marble, with thick red padding on the seat and the back. A huge burned spot was just above the right shoulder, as if a lightning bolt had struck.
“Ah, Lazerek, I was wondering when you would come bellowing,” Rexillion said, looking at his sword. He focused on one spot in particular with his rag.
“Rexillion, do you value this fair city?” Lazerek said, as he stormed into the throne room. 
“What is it to you?” the King asked, rubbing on one spot of the sword with vigor. 
“Do you value the lives you are sworn to protect? Your citizens?”
“You question my honor?” Lazerek squinted at the king’s sword. 
“I question your sanity,” Lazerek said. The man-at-arms looked at Lazerek with eyes that could burn through wood.
“I keep my citizens and my family safe,” Rexillion said.
“Do you fear the power of Akilade?”Lazerek asked.
Rexillion said nothing, but stared. Finally,”I respect the power of Akilade. I fear nothing but my god.”
“You would do well to respect and fear the mages at Akilade.”
“So who then rules my kingdom?” 
“That is a fine question,” Lazerek said.
“Deserving of an answer,” Rexillion said.
“A king rules his kingdom.”
“Then Akilade can keep its nose in its own corner, and its fingers in its own bread.”
“Akilade will do whatever it deems best.”
“Tell me again,” Rexillion said, leaning forward in his throne,”who gave Akilade this power to decide what is best for each kingdom?” He laced his fingers with his elbows on the throne and squinted at Lazerek.Gidas considered Rexillion someone to be feared.
“The mages are the wisest people of the land,” Lazerek said.
“Who told them that lie?” Rexillion asked.
“Mind your tongue,” Lazerek barked.
“You just said it was my kingdom. If so, I shall take whatever tongue I please.” 
“If you wield more power than I, then feel free to direct me in any manner,” Lazerek said.
“No one shall tell me anything regarding my kingdom.” 
Gidas had never heard anyone speak so to a mage. What was Lazerek thinking right now? 
“You endanger not only your own life, but the life of your subjects and your family. So take this thing from my neck,” Lazerek said, shaking the medallion.
“I already told you, I must keep my family and citizens safe,” Rexillion said. He leaned back into his throne and sat the sword crossways on his thighs.
Lazerek was fuming,”I will have this medallion off my neck or you will—”
The king was up like a snake, his sword at Lazerek’s throat.”Still your tongue, mage, or I shall cut it out. Any threats you make will only quicken your demise. It is I, not you, who holds the upper hand here. Stop your arrogant tongue before I do.”
“Your very life is now forfeit,” Lazerek said, almost sadly, as if dealing with a small child who did not know any better.”Your father was more respectful than you.”
“If your ineffective Akilade had acted, my father might still be alive today.”
“If you love your citizens and love your family, remove this medallion from my neck.”
“That medallion is placed upon any who practice magic in the city. It will equally stop Godmagic and Terranmagic. So do not threaten me again.”
“You are a fool,” Lazerek said. 
“How does this steel feel?”Rexillion asked, pressing the blade to Lazerek’s throat,”Who can stop this blade from sinking into your throat?” 
Gidas kept quiet.
Lazerek was turning crimson.”Speak your piece, king.Do it quickly, I find that my stomach has grown sour and I must return to my room.”
“Your life is now mine, mage. With but a twist of this sword…”
“Speak your piece,” Lazerek repeated. His eyes burned with rage.
“I am a fair man, not an unjust one. You may stay as long as you deem fit, but as long as you are here, you will wear that medallion.”
“Never has one of my rank been so treated.”
“And I suppose if I were to rank myself Lord of the Dung Beetles, that would deserve respect from you?” Rexillion asked.
“You would be wise to not mock the rank of Praeceptor out of hand. I shall be leaving this castle tonight, please see to it that my men are fully supplied.”
“I will see what I can do.”
“That is well,” Lazerek turned, but paused.
“Something else, wizard?”Rexillion asked.
“Will you be leaving the castle or the city in the next few weeks?”
“That is quite entirely none of your business.”
“Be careful,” Lazerek said.And Gidas knew he meant it. Gidas really thought Rexillion had no idea on how powerful Lazerek was. Lazerek could almost level the entire city in a matter of days.
“My sword is sharp,” Rexillion promised.
“Swords mean nothing to me,” Lazerek said. Gidas could argue adamantly against that statement.
Lazerek stormed out of the throne room with Gidas in tow, his heels clipping on the marble floor.
They entered their room and Lazerek began to rant and rave.Gidas ventured,”Master, is there—” Lazerek slapped him full across the face.
“Do not speak! Be quiet!” he yelled at the top of his lungs. 
Gidas eyed the mage with the look of raw contempt. Lazerek was without his magic.He was vulnerable. Easy to kill right now. Easy.
“We are leaving, the king will follow us and remove these accursed medallions, and then he will die.”
Gidas sat down for a moment.
“Go gather up our men and get them ready to move!” Lazerek yelled again.
Gidas stood and left the room quietly and ran to where the men where.How dare that mage slap him across the face like some whore? How dare the mage even touch him? Oh the games. One day…
The door to the outside of the palace was locked, apparently barred from the outside. The courtyard was on the other side where their men were housed. Gidas banged and banged on the door, but no one came to open it. He knew of no other way to get to the courtyard. In a fit of rage he waved his hand over the door and the bar on the other side lifted. 
Thirty minutes later they were standing next to their horses, and the king of Rommel was before them.Ten men stood behind the king. All with bows fully drawn.
Rexillion placed his sword under Lazerek’s neck.Lazerek troops expressed alarm.
“HOLD!” Rexillion yelled.”One more step and he dies!” The group of Sicari stood still.
“I trust I will hear nothing more from you,” Rexillion said.
“You are embarrassing me in front of my men,” Lazerek lied.
“Your life is now mine.You therefore cannot pursue any retribution toward my castle or me.Swear to this or I will run you through right now.”
Through clenched teeth Lazerek said,”I so swear.”
With a twist of his wrist, Rexillion flipped the medallion off and into the air. One of his bowmen shot it with an arrow and caught it in midair.The medallion and bow landed in the earth some distance away. 
The king then pulled Gidas’s medallion from his as well. 
“Go now, be free. Come in peace,” the king said, turning. He mounted a horse and was gone in a blink, the bowmen stood for a moment more before departing as well.
Gidas turned toward Lazerek.”What now?”
“We leave. He has spells up around the city to keep me from casting directly at it.”Lazerek got up on his horse and quickly kicked the steed, turning it to the south.He was at a full gallop in moments.
Gidas sighed and mounted his horse as well, kicking it.
They rode for approximately one hour. The sun was just beyond the horizon.They had crested the southern end of the valley and were peering back toward the bowl shape.From here the castle was just visible. 
“Come in peace,” whispered Lazerek.
He sat still in his saddle for a moment.He said one word that Gidas did not quite hear and a great burst of blackness shot from him like an arrow, causing Lazerek’s horse to jump.The blackness raced toward the city of Rommel and dove somewhere near the castle. Gidas shuddered. He felt something he should not have felt when Lazerek used the magic. He felt something that made his mind spin in new ways. This was the one thing he had not counted on. And it made him mad.
“Come in peace, Rexillion,” Lazerek said.
Lazerek turned his horse and rode hard south for a short while. He pulled off on a small path and it led down into a grove of trees where the ground was flattened and the starry sky could be seen.The moon was beginning to wane and the cold was building. He pulled his steed over and dismounted.The entire troop did the same. 
“We will camp here.Have our men create our tents so we may sleep for what is left of the night!”
Gidas had the men build the camp. A few began assembling what tents they had and a few began to prepare a huge fire that could be used for warmth and cooking. Most of the men were looking forward to spending the night in the castle and not in the wild, so tempers were short and moods sour. Gidas was just glad to be away from the palace. He really hated having to sleep outside in a tent again, but there was something in that palace that just didn’t feel right.At least now, he knew what it was.

***

When Lazerek’s tent was constructed he entered and sat on the heavy blankets of his bed.The air was chill and a front moving in with even colder temperatures threatened.He could see his breath in the dark tent. A small candle was his only light, and no warmth. He paused for a second, letting out a long wind, and reached into his pocket. Many nights had passed since he contacted any of his people. 
He set the stone in front of him on the floor and began bringing in the magic.When he had enough inside, he twisted it and shaped it perfectly to the magic of the stone.After a moment or two a bluish light erupted from the stone and in the glow was a face.
“Nowata how goes the hunt?”Lazerek asked.
“Not well, I have located the Sword and know who carries it, but I am doing as you asked and waiting until you arrive,” the Osaban priest lied.
“Good, do not go in there and mess everything up.You are like an elephant at a tea party.”The priest would go in and kill the entire town if Lazerek let him.
“They do not even know I pursue them,” He lied again.
“That is well.Did you dispatch the Sicari that were with you?”
“Yes, I sent them where you wished them to go.”
“Where are you, in Spadix?”
“I am south of Rommel by perhaps a day, maybe a day and a half.”He was actually further south than that. 
“Why are you out of the city?” Lazerek suddenly felt a chill. 
“The people holding the Sword bolted.”
Lazerek was amazed,”What? They are coming toward us? Why?”
“I do not know,” the priest lied again.
“This will make the hunting of them even more difficult! Nowata Oolong, it would be good for you if I find out you had nothing to do with their heading north. I expressly forbade you from making any contact with our prey. You were merely there to find the Sword and who had it.”
“Nothing was done on my part to initiate a move to the north for them. They do not even know I exist.” 
“If I find out you did have something to do with their flight, then you will rue the day you became a follower of Lo.”
“Bold statement, mage. Be careful with your threats.”
“We are forced to work together, but you will be wise to do as I say. Your demon friends do not put fear in me. The converse is true.”
“And how happy I am to be working with you, K’rin”
“I am far from that.”
“Is that true? So you have done the ceremony then?”
“Just stay on our prey and I will be happy. Now give me their descriptions so I will know if they pass me, for I am coming from the north, and you from the south. They will be in our trap.”
“They are a party of four men, one woman and two children. They are traveling in a wagon and the men mostly walk. I have two of my minions following the wagon.”
“Excellent. They will be easy to capture. A wagon is hard to conceal.”
“Aye.”
“We will speak tomorrow, in person.” Lazerek said, and severed the connection.


.


CHAPTER 16


The Tchesht Lake was dammed on the south side by a huge stone structure. It was a magnificent thing to behold. The structure was solid black and stood taller than any palace in the land. The top was flat and smooth with access from below via a set of stairs that went on forever.The white and numerous release valves along the outside walls were designed to relieve the lake.Large parts of the structure would move to allow water to spill over to the south. Men from the castle of Zamek manned the dam but no one was certain who had built it or endowed it with its abilities.The massive structure was there before the great city had been founded. King Asdrack The Lonely sent a group of surveyors out and they had been the first recorded people to see the thing.At its base sat the south side of the Rzeka River as it traveled south to Oceana.
Baron Hamilcar sat on his horse at the crest of a small hill overseeing the dam and sighed.How had things gone so wrong? 
He’d spoken to King Andard of Zamek who was eager to be about the hunt. The king was miffed as to why Hamilcar did not include him in on the hunt at the beginning, but Hamilcar had placated him and thought everything was going well.
Then the king had ordered Hutch and his men to accompany Hamilcar, and ordered his mage, Aveyron back home. Why? He did not know but it just happened to be that Hutch’s group outnumbered Hamilcar’s two to one.He feigned pleasure at having the king’s men assist. It would help out greatly, he had said to the king.
Bah!
He had grown tired of the king, his men and his attitude. He was glad to be through with him.Now if could just find a way to separate himself from Hutch.
“A breathtaking view, is it not?” asked Hutch from behind him. He had ridden up behind Hamilcar unaware. 
“Any clues as to who erected such a magnificent structure?”
“They have found strange writings in some of the internal cavities, but our scholars have been unsuccessful at deciphering them.”Hutch pulled his horse up.
“How much longer until we get to the Telusian pass?” Hamilcar asked.
“It is a fortnight’s hard ride.Add two days if we take a leisurely pace.Once through the pass we must be careful.”
“Aye, I don’t want to have a battle with the Zmarly,” Hamilcar mused.
“May not be able to avoid it,” Hutch said.
“If we do battle them, we both know the outcome,” Hamilcar said.
“Aye,” Hutch agreed, leaning over his pommel.
“Let us be off,” Hamilcar said.
Hutch turned to his men.”The day grows a beard! Let us be on our way!”


.



.



CHAPTER 17

Range thought he saw something up ahead. He ignored it and said nothing to his colleagues.
“We must continue northward,” he said.
They broke their mid-afternoon break and began walking again. This was the second day they had been traveling after the death of Zoë.They were perhaps a day-and-a-half from Rommel.The day was much cooler than prior, and the wind continued to kick directly into their faces. The smell of a fireplace burning wafted by routinely. They kept their heads wrapped, their faces pointed toward the ground and their hands stuffed deeply into their pockets.The pale sun was almost completely covered with clouds that continually raced to the south. 
The road was nicely packed here, and the trees on either side were getting thinner.The rattling wind knocked leaves off the rattling trees and flung them out into the road before the weary travelers.Dying grass sprigs were evident through the green, signaling the changing of the season. 
They were coming upon the lip of a very shallow valley running to the east and west.Trees scantily clad the ground below them. The road went through the flat valley and came out on the north side; it was like a thin brown noodle leading away from them.
Although quite far off, it looked like a large group of mounted men heading their way on the road.The group was just entering the opposite side of the valley. 
“Do you see them?” Rolin yelled over to Range.
“Aye. Why would a group that large be heading south?” He already knew.
“Perhaps another group hunting for the Swords?” 
They had passed men in small parties making bold statements about the three Swords of Saddig.Most were certain they knew the best place to look.Sterlin always laughed after the hunters passed by.”Such great hunters!” he would say.”They can’t even smell a Sword right under their noses!”Range wished the man would shut his mouth.
“What do you think we should do?” Sterlin said pulling his horse up. 
“There’s far too many of them. We need to hide,” Range said. He knew those men were coming for the Sword. Zoë still chased through his head on an hourly basis. He was trying to put it behind him, but it was proving a greater thing than he. 
“The trees are scarce around here,” Sterlin said, looking about.”We would need to begin looking now if we were to find a suitable spot to hide.”
“Aye, so let us begin. But I want to find a place where we can see the road. I want to see who it is who comes south with such a force of men,” Range said.
It took them a while to locate an adequate spot to hide. Rolin opined that the large group would just ride past with nary a glance.But Range had a sinking feeling about this group.Something was buzzing around the back of his head that said Beware! 
“I smell something. Do you smell it?”Sterlin said quietly.No one answered him.
They had found a small grotto almost covered up by a tall variety of dried summer stalk plants.Once they had walked the horse behind the stalks, Range and Rolin moved up toward the road to catch a glimpse.They were within a stone’s throw of the road and were well covered by the thick green bush, its shiny leaves and bright red berries. The bush partially hindered the wind as they dropped on their stomachs.Range blew into his hands. He was already sick of being cold.

***

Lazerek and Gidas rode at the head of their band. The wind behind them urged them on and made traveling both faster and easier.Gidas noticed that Lazerek seemed in better spirits as the day went on.The old man had not said much but seemed to be bit more amicable. That was fine with Gidas. He didn’t want to be traveling with a three hundred year grump. 
They came upon the lip of a shallow valley, and headed downwards. 
The valley was warmer, holding the heat of the watery sun better. Gidas was not looking forward to the climb ahead. 
Brown dirt and small stones made up the road.The valley itself was endearing, but as they began their climb Gidas noticed the packed earth was not as solid.Where water and debris had washed down, the horses’ hooves slipped.
As Lazerek and Gidas topped the lip with their men behind them, Lazerek stopped.He looked about as if smelling the air.
Gidas sat next to him, watching.
Lazerek looked over at him,”Something is...do you feel it?”
Gidas did feel something. Something he’d not felt in a very long time. 

***

Range watched the men emerge from the valley and stop just on the edge. He could see the leader was a mage. He rode a black stallion, had a short-cropped white beard and mustache, and was wearing a cobalt blue robe with the hood up. Range’s heart thumped madly in his chest.Were these the people searching for him, or just strangers passing by? A younger man with muddy brown hair rode next to the mage, wearing a tan robe, pulled tight.The younger man looked to be the apprentice. He seemed to defer to the mage.A group of about one hundred men stood respectively behind them, waiting.The men had a dangerous look about them.They were well heeled and looked loaded for bear.The entire group had stopped and the mage seemed to be listening for something.
“What are they doing?”Range whispered quietly, the wind trying to steal away his words.
“The mage appears to be hearing for something,” Rolin whispered back.
Range’s heart continued to thump and his bowels began to clench.
“He has a hungry look in his eyes,” Rolin said.
“And of malice.”


***

“Master, do we need to send the men out to search?”
Lazerek looked hesitant and vexed,”It is probably nothing. But send out a small party and have them search the area thoroughly. Have them meet up with us and inform us of what they have found.” Gidas thought this indecision on Lazerek’s part was intriguing.If they were supposed to catch their prey between themselves and the Osaban priest, they should be very careful.
Gidas made his way back to the two captains of the group Jahvel had sent. D’bnara was the first he found.
“We need men to search this general area. Assign a small force to do this. They need to search and then meet up with us further on.”
“What should they be looking for?” Maxil asked, walking up.
Gidas stopped and turned, he knew exactly what they should be looking for and it almost caused him to bolt and look for it himself.”I don’t know. If they find anything or anyone suspicious have them brought to Lazerek.”
As Gidas turned his horse back toward the front of the line, he stopped and stared into the distance…A flicker of light appeared quickly in his eyes, passing just as quickly. He moved back toward Lazerek, feelings of elation almost rippling through his body.


***

Range and Rolin watched a group of men cordoned off and given instructions as the rest of the group began southward again.
“They are sending out a search party,” Rolin said.
“This is bad,” Range said.
“They will be coming presently.”
“I cannot believe this!” Who was that mage?
“Well believe it now,” Rolin said, beginning to crawl from their bush.”We must get back to Cortibis and Sterlin.” Luckily they were protected from notice.
“Aye, let us go.”They rolled quietly out and crept toward the grotto. 
They informed Cortibis and Sterlin of the impending search. 
“Can we not just outrun them?”Sterlin asked. 
“Nay, if we began to run now, they would surely see us in this thinned wood,” Rolin said. 
“One of us needs to stay with the horses and the rest need to take up strategic positions,” Range said.
“Agreed,” Nicodemus said.”Sterlin you stay with the horses and we will deal with these men.”
Sterlin puffed himself up.”Am I a woman?”
Range stepped toward him.”Do not play this game with me now. You know who is paid and who is not. If you are so bloodthirsty, then come!Swing your sword true and shoot your bow straight!”
Sterlin said,”Someone has to watch the animal, and I am clearly the least skilled swordsman here. Go.Make me proud. I will be the stalwart protector of our magnificent steed. Bring home the victory!” he said, lifting his chin.Range seriously wondered about the man.
They turned to begin their positioning. Cortibis put his hand on Rolin’s shoulder, causing them to stop.”There are fifteen, maybe twenty? We are three.Are we courageous, or simply too thick to know when we are outmatched?”
“Cortibis, are you unmanned?” Rolin asked.
“Nay, merely thinking clearly. From what you have said, they are well-trained and well-heeled.” 
“There lies strength in the surprise attack,” Rolin said.”Kill your first opponent quietly, and the rest will still be ignorant of your presence. We talk too much and fight too little. If we are to die, let’s not be standing here gabbing like a bunch of hens.” He made off to find himself an ambush spot.
“I am not unmanned,” Cortibis said after him.He followed almost sulking, his pale skin flushed.
Range found himself a large bush offering enough cover.He loosed his sword and stood ready for action. His heart whacked heavily in his chest and his legs were loose. He had often fought opponents, but that was always spontaneous. Never had he lain in wait.He wasn’t even certain who these men were and why they were hunting through this forest for them. But deep down he knew they were.These people wanted the Sword.Damn them. 
He noticed only half the men came toward him. The other half moved into the thin trees on the far side of the road. The bulk of the original group had left at full gallop to the south with the mage in the lead.
Range kept his eyes toward the road and saw the horseback riders making their way slowly through the forest.They moved methodically through the thin wood. These men were well trained.A thought occurred to Range: If they could get a few more horses, their journey would happen much quicker. Suddenly Range had a goal: not merely surviving this little battle, but actually coming out ahead.He would do it for Zoë. He would do it for Lucan. 
Range could feel dread creeping up his spine. He counted eight of them. Zoë would have her revenge.
The group of men continued walking toward where Range was hidden. They stopped routinely checking bushes. Range’s throat constricted.”Vengeance is mine,” claimed Ooln.How could Range cry vengeance upon these men in the name of his daughter when his god clearly forbade revenge?Regardless of whether or not he was crying vengeance on his daughter’s and friend’s life, he must still escape. 
One of the horsemen was next to his hiding place. He was uncertain of when to attack.Should he attack now? 
A thought grabbed him and he stepped out from his bush. He did not startle the man in front of him, nor the man’s steed. That was disconcerting. 
“Oy! Why are you following me?!” Range yelled in a perturbed voice.He held his sword pointing at the ground. 
The rider closest to him leaned over his horse. He was noticeably ugly and dangerous looking.”We are not used to being questioned by prisoners.”
“Then I shall question you all day,” Range said, as the entire group of men made toward him. They continued their watch of the surrounding area.
“You shall stop now, prisoner.”
“Who is this prisoner?” Range asked.
“Come along now before I lose what little patience I have left.” Range noticed out of the corner of his eye, one of the men in the back of the group disappeared silently from his horse. 
“You have only eight men, how do you think you are stalwart enough to take me?” Range said putting his hands on his hips, giving his most haughty look.
The leader looked more humored than angry.”What a brazen one we have here. You do look hardy and full of pluck, but I’ll still be taking you with me.” And with that he fetched a small silvery whistle out of his shirt and blew on it three times. The sound was slim and piercing. Range’s heart thunked in his chest fiercely now. Any chance they had of surprise was ruined.He was ready to fight. 
“Be patient,” the ugly man said.
Range raised his sword.”Who sends you forth? I would know the master’s name of the dog I am about to slay.”
With that said, the leader was off his horse, sword in hand, coming toward Range in a solid walk. 
“Your mouth will be the first thing I cut out,” he said. 
Range was happy to see Rolin and Cortibis had dispatched three of the men.The ugly man looked over his shoulder, spied Rolin and Cortibis and alerted his men.They were instantly in action.The leader put his fingers to his mouth and whistled. The horses scattered.
Range met the man’s first blow, clanging harshly on his wrists.His opponent was stronger than he and probably more skilled. Range was tired from his journey, but he would have his vengeance.His adversary’s blade was a blur, as it swept about him in a methodical and almost rhythmic manner.The man was straight-faced and no emotion dared interrupt his work.And that’s when realization slapped Range like a rough hand. This man was at work! 
The man swung his sword around, but stopped halfway through and did a stabbing motion. Range ducked to the right, but the sword still caught him in the left shoulder.Range felt the cold steel pierce his flesh, digging deeply into his meat. Stumbling back, he attempted to bring his sword to block the next blow, which would certainly be the death stroke.He heard a twang and watched as an arrow embedded itself into the man’s right eye with a sick, sloppy thunk!
Sterlin.
Praise be to Ooln. Range turned just in time to see the seven men from the other side of the road pull up their horses and dismount, swords in hands and malice in their hearts. It was on now.
Rolin had dispatched two of his opponents with his staff and was working on the other. Cortibis was fending off his two opponents fairly well.Range was surprised Cortibis was that good.He was certain the presence of Rolin was lifting the skill of Cortibis considerably. 
Range was fighting hard to stay conscious.The stab was becoming more agonizing and he could see the blood beginning to seep. He was cold, and sweating.
The seven men were splitting, half toward Range half toward the other two men. Range watched in horror as three men walked purposefully toward him.He was having a hard time standing, and it showed. His three adversaries had that arrogant look on their face that said, oh, this will be easy.Range felt the hot coals of his anger stir again.For Zoë!
“Hey! Look at this!” came Rolin’s voice from the other side of the battle. 
All eyes turned toward the Zmarly.The three men walking toward Range stopped and looked as well.
Rolin stood there, staff in hands, breathing vigorously –his eyes were black coals of ice.His hood had fallen and his slick bald scalp was glistening with sweat.His topknot swung dangerously behind him.The one man he was fighting stepped back.Range had a feeling Rolin was about to do something awesome. He wasn’t wrong. 
“Come. Try your hand at me,” Rolin said.Cortibis’s two opponents stopped and looked at Rolin as if he were mad.Range shivered. Once.Everything stopped for a second and silence filled the area, as if the entire world had stopped to watch. 
Their ten opponents looked at each other for a moment, but only for a moment. 
Suddenly an arrow buzzed out of the trees behind and to the right of Range.It struck one of the men in the back of the throat, piercing it and showering his companions with blood. 
Before the men could launch into action, another arrow zipped by catching another one, but only in the shoulder, incapacitating him.One of the men saw where the last arrow had come and began making his way.
Range felt his sword slip from his hand and he lost his balance, falling forward into dark bliss. These men are Sicari! Zoë! Ooln! Revenge my daughter!


***

Rolin saw Range fall and the other Sicari making his way toward Sterlin. He knew these were Sicari, and Sterlin was not adept enough with his sword to defend himself. 
The situation was lost.There was only one hope.
Three of the Sicari surrounded Cortibis. He feigned to the left and swept his sword to the right, clearing just enough room for him to step out of the ring.He was able to only defend now. He was not skilled enough to attack three Sicari at once.They played cat and mouse with him, causing him to fall back at every step.Rolin decided the Sicari didn’t want them dead.Good.
Rolin took his fighting stance; he was prepared to give every ounce of himself to the imminent battle. He squatted down, holding his thick wooden staff to the side. 
“Come. Taste my venom,” he said, beginning his troska—his death-dance. He had only one advantage:He could hit anyone he wanted. His opponents, on the other hand, had to be careful to not stab their own. He immediately flew into his troska.He was unstoppable and terrible, connecting with more strikes than humanly possible. His opponents would become wheat before the scythe. 
Rolin swept the staff out, causing them to back off. As it passed by his last adversary, he knew the first would be coming for him. He immediately ducked under the thrust of the slightly curved sword stabbing through the air where he had just been. He knocked the sword to the side, spinning, and slid his hand up catching the man’s wrist in a numbing grip that caused him to release his sword. At the same time, he rolled forward and just missed being stabbed from behind. Rolin threw the man he held into two of the other Sicari. He could hear the man’s wrist snap as he did. The men attempted to move around the body hurled at them, one caught the butt end of Rolin’s staff in the face as he dodged, breaking his nose and knocking him out. The second got a swift staff to the side of the head, stunning him. The man behind Rolin got a slice of his sword through and gave Rolin a sharp cut on his left arm. It was inevitable, fighting this many skilled men at once --he was going to get cut.
Rolin did not cry out, but spun his staff about him with such speed the man had no chance to avoid it and took the brunt of the heavy wood with his shins, losing his balance and falling sideways.Rolin’s staff was spun so quickly it slipped from his wounded left arm and rattled to the ground.The other man with the broken wrist, now weaponless, was coming toward Rolin.Rolin engaged the man in hand-to-hand combat.They thrust and ducked, both trying their best to ignore injuries. Rolin outmatched his opponent and he knew it. He moved like a mongoose in a dance. He connected on many of his punches, while his adversary either missed or landed glancing blows. Rolin succeeded in kicking the man squarely in the chest. Rolin jumped into the air, spinning like a top, connecting his foot to the man’s temple. His adversary dropped like a sack of wet meat. 
The other man, stunned by the stiff strike to his head was coming toward Rolin. This Sicari had a desire to fight. He must have a desire to die as well. He dropped his sword and stood ready for battle with Rolin. Rolin almost smiled. This man was one to be respected, a true warrior. 
The two men stood momentarily sizing each other up. His opponent was clearly in the mood for a skilled adversary. The bloodlust was upon him. He attacked Rolin first, which was his mistake. In his zeal, he forgot the first thing all fighting men are taught: never attack. Defend. 
As the Sicari approached Rolin moved his right hand so fast the man had no time for a defense. The man’s nose was shoved up into his brain in one, instant, death move. He dropped to the ground in an unhealthy plop and twitched silently.Rolin was impressed with the man’s gumption, but unimpressed with his skill.
As the Zmarly lowered his arm, he was grabbed from behind in a bear hug from the man he had knocked off balance. He could not believe these were Sicari. They were making too many mistakes. It occurred to him they were probably not used to getting beaten like invalids and were overcompensating. He grabbed the man’s little finger and broke it with a sharp crack.While still holding it, he spun himself around and jump-kicked the man in the face as hard as he could.The man fell back, unconscious.
Rolin could not utilize his staff to its fullest extent.He knew it was only a matter of time before he began to lose energy from the loss of blood.His left hand was growing quickly weaker. Time was against him and he had a lot of work yet to do. After Cortibis he had to check on Range and Sterlin.
He found Cortibis, still running from his opponents. He was cut in numerous places, but looked no worse for the wear.His opponents were probably told to capture them and not kill them. Rolin swiftly snuck behind one of Cortibis’ opponents and snapped his neck.
One of the other two men turned, the first man kept his focus on Cortibis, who was weakening. 
Rolin fought his opponent with tenacity, but this opponent was fresh and had a much longer reach. Rolin spent the majority of the time dodging the strokes of the bigger man, looking for an opening.He felt his head grow light, and was beginning to feel the first inevitable steps toward passing out. This battle must end soon. 
Rolin ducked from another thrust of the sword. Normally a man with a sword, no matter how well trained, was no match for him.They had thinned out their opponent’s ranks, but in the process they had been injured, which was expected.Rolin faked a dip to one side, and his opponent sensing his weakness, sliced that way, but Rolin quickly shot back the opposite direction and brought his foot up to the man’s groin. The Sicari leaned forward and Rolin delivered his knee to the man’s chin. 
The knee stood his opponent back up, and caused him to slightly lose his balance, but he shook it off and came again. Rolin was crestfallen.His efforts were getting weaker and he was slowing down.Blood soaked his left sleeve and dripped steadily from his hand. 
“Come again, Zmarly,” the man said.
Rolin desperately looked for a saving move, or something, but he could find none. 
He waited for the sword to be lowered, and readied himself for the last defensive block or move. He’d only been bested once, and it would not happen again today.
The man suddenly had a strange look on his face and presently a sword ground its way through his chest. 
The big Sicari dropped his own metal and fell forward.Rolin barely got out of the way before the man landed with a sick and meaty thump!
Cortibis stood over the man. He was cut in many places and looked faint.
“I told you I was not unmanned,” he said, as Rolin dropped down hard onto his backside.
Sterlin walked up behind Rolin,”We must tend to you!” 
Sterlin and Cortibis both bent down to inspect the wound on Rolin’s arm.
“I shall live, check on Range.”
Sterlin was first up and ran over to Range.
Range’s heartbeat was faint and his breathing shallow.His face was pallid. He had lost a lot of blood. Sterlin ripped up the remaining bit of Range’s sleeve and used it to plug the hole in Range’s shoulder. 
“How is he?” asked Cortibis. 
“Dangerously close to death. He needs a healer, and a good one,” he said, wrapping up the wound so it would stop pumping blood. 
A group of dead warriors littered the general vicinity.Rolin sat, leaning against a tree, tending to his arm.Their two horses were still in their hiding place.Two of their opponents’ animals had moseyed back to the scene of the battle.They had four horses, and three people able to ride.The ride to Rommel would take the rest of the day, and they would have to take it slowly as to not jostle Range too much.Rolin knew they were lucky the other horses had come back.If they had to travel by foot, Range might not make it. 
One of the dead men began to move.
“Grab him,” Rolin said to the other two.
They turned the man over and held him down. 
He was in poor condition and barely conscious. Rolin stood, and then wobbled over. 
“Tell us who sent you. Or die,” he said to the injured man.
The man said nothing, but favored Rolin with a defiant look. A huge wound ran down his face and blood dripped onto his shoulder. 
“I know you are Sicari. You were coming from the North.We had another group of Sicari attack us a few days ago.Tell me what I want to know, or you will die.”
The man said nothing.
Rolin dropped next to the man and pulled the man’s own knife from his case.He quickly drove it into the man’s thigh, twisted it, and then jerked it out.Blood spewed forth in a gush. 
The man did not yell out. He was quiet, but pain etched his face, and his breathing became labored. 
“Talk, or die,” Rolin persisted. 
The man said nothing. 
Rolin presently took the man’s left hand and held it out.He grabbed his blade and began to saw agonizingly slow across the man’s littlest finger.The man let out a slight yelp, but that was all.When Rolin was finished, the man’s finger was lying on the ground in a pool of blood. Blood flowed steadily from the stump.
“Perhaps you do not believe me.Or perhaps you thought I was going to kill you quickly?” Rolin said to the pitiful man.”Next I am going to cut off a toe. And then I will pop one of your eyes out with the tip of this blade. You will not die right away.”
Sterlin looked away. Rolin did not care. He knew what must be done. Information must be gathered.If they did not have stomach for it, then they should leave.
“Let us begin again.” Rolin said. He started to remove the man’s boot. 
“NO! Stop! I will talk, please do no cut me anymore!” came the wailing voice of the victim. Blood spewed from his thigh and his hand.Rolin grabbed the man’s tunic and ripped it, covering the man’s finger and leg.
“Ah, good.Now tell me who you work for,” Rolin said.
“I-I am a-a hired hand, helping a mage travel south to the c-city of Spadix!”
“Why?”
“I am merely paid to take him there.”
Rolin leaned over him more.”Why does a mage need a group of Sicari to go with him anywhere?”
“I don’t know.”
“That’s like an elephant asking a group of rabbits to protect him.”
“I was merely paid to go with him.”
“What is his name?”
“Lozuk, or something like that.”
“What is his apprentice’s name?”
“Gidas.”
“Why did they send you into the woods?”
“They said we should go into the woods and bring whatever we found to them.”
“The mage told you no more?’’
“He would never tell someone like me. He kept his mouth shut and never said much to us anyway.We were beneath him and he was above us. One does not question his master. Nor tell his dog why he goes here or there.”
Rolin nodded his head.”True is that.”
With that, he reached up and slit the man’s throat.
“Ah! What are you doing?” Sterlin asked, standing up in alarm.
“We deal with the Sicari and a mage now. Perhaps you have not been staying up with current events, but we are injured and in need of a healer.I may make it to Rommel, but I do not think Range can. His life will be short without quick attention. This Sicari, if we were to let him go, would immediately inform the mage of our whereabouts. Our only hope is to head north and get to Rommel. I have been paid much to see that Range gets to Romus alive, and I plan on making certain that he does.”
“Aye,” Sterlin said. He made his way over to where the horses were and pulled out a small flask from his bag. The flask was amber in color, shaped like an oval and held some dark fluid.
“This is solutari poltari.It is sometimes called ‘drink of life’. Once imbibed, it imbues the drinker with energy and vitality beyond ken.Here, take a sip and swallow it.”He handed the bottle to Rolin, who removed the cork stopper and smelled of it first.He could discern no odor so he tilted it back and let a little hit his tongue and then swallowed it. 
A warm feeling began in his throat and flowed out from there. He could feel his vigor return and his mind clear like a fog had been lifted.He felt as if he had just taken a nap.He stood up, refreshed. 
“Incredible,” Rolin said. 
“Be wary, do not tax yourself unnecessarily.The fluid is precious and only lasts for a while before its effects wear off.Your body is not healed.”
“This is a false sense of wellness?”
“Yes and no. Your body is healing right now at an accelerated rate. But it’s not as well as you feel.”
“How does this work?”
“I do not know.”
Rolin scratched his chin reflectively.”How did you come by this?”
“I don’t see how that matters at the moment.We must get some down Range’s throat and now.”
Rolin could not deny that he felt better, and if it could do that for him, then it could no doubt help Range.
“Let us get this fluid in his mouth.” 
They gathered around him and poured some of the elixir into his mouth as Rolin attempted to wake Range.He could not bring him to full consciousness but they got him to swallow the fluid. 
Some of his color returned, but he was still sickly looking. 
“We must be off to the town of Rommel and a healer,” Rolin said.
“Are we just going to lay him over the horse?The blood will all go to his head,” Cortibis asked.
“Is there a better way?” Rolin asked
“Can we rope him up?”
“How about one of us rides with Range in front of us, so that we can hold him up as we ride along?”
“Let us set him on the horse and tie himto it.”
“Nay, none of those ideas has merit!We must lay him over the horse and be done with it. Unless you want to stop and build him a litter?”
“We do not have that luxury.”
“But if we kill him, then the time will be for naught!”
“We must vote.”
“I say we put him on the horse,” Rolin said. 
“Me too,” Cortibis said.
“Okay, let’s be on with it then!” Sterlin said. 
They tied Rage on his stomach over the horse and each mounted up. They rode at a fast pace, but not a gallop. Sterlin thought that would prove too much for Range in his present condition.If they had to go at a walking pace as before, then they would have been traveling in vain.
As they rode, Sterlin piped up,”What will we do with the Sword if Range does perish?”
The Sword was still strapped unobtrusively to the saddle on the horse Rolin rode. Neither of the other two had a ready answer.
“I think the best plan would be to take the Sword to the man named Garon Pourghadiri.”
“Perhaps,” said Sterlin, pondering.
“What is on your mind?”Cortibis asked.
“Nothing. Just wondering if perhaps we should consider our own search for the other two Swords.They are out there and if we have one, we’re already ahead.”
“I do not think that searching for the other Swords was in any plan of Range’s,” Rolin said.
“We will own the Sword if he perishes.”
Cortibis eyed Rolin, clearly deferring to him. 
“We must discuss this later, after all have had a chance to ponder.Besides, Range is not dead yet, and his life still hangs in the balance.We should not speak of it any more unless he dies. It dishonors him and his family.”
“Aye,” Sterlin said. But it was clear the idea still chased around his head. 
They stopped momentarily and checked on Range. His condition was unchanged so they began again.The cold wind had abated, and the sun warmed them slightly, a pleasant day, all things considered. 
Soon they noticed the trees thinning and the Argoth plains spread out before them. 
The Argoth plains were endless to the east and west. A sea of low-lying scrub brush was prevalent. The brush was drab and gray as it ebbed and flowed with the slight breezes kicking up.They could see for miles in the unhindered land.To the north was the beginning of the mounds that housed the great city of Rommel and to the west was the river flumen amnis. Many, many miles to the west was a great deposit of iron the king of Rommel kept continually stocked with men who extracted the ore and brought it to the city to be worked.
“The city looks a long way off. Will we make it by today?” Cortibis asked to no one.
“Aye, it is not as far as it looks. The land here is flat and easy to traverse,” answered Sterlin.
Rolin hopped off his horse and inspected Range. He was looking more haggard than earlier.Rolin was too.He could feel his injury welling back up in him and internal feelings of pushing himself too hard.
“Is it time for another dose of your medicine?” he asked Sterlin.
“Nay, not for a few hours yet.” Rolin could not help but silently question the man.He was uncertain of Sterlin’s motives now and would keep a close watch on him. 
Rolin remounted and they began heading north again. 
As they rode over the vast plains they talked about what had transpired back in the field of battle. 
“How is it that you came to my rescue?” Rolin asked of Cortibis.
“The last time you saw me, I was being harried by two assailants. I was losing too. I kept them at bay and bided my time hoping for an opportunity to present itself.I was getting tired and knew that it quickly getting bad.”
“So what happened?” Rolin asked.
“Well, I ducked under a thrust of one sword, and when I came up, I had only one opponent. I was wondering where the first man had gone. I was certain that he had somehow rounded me and was coming up from the rear. But no sooner than I thought that, I spotted him on the ground with an arrow sticking out of his throat.Before I could look back, the second man had an arrow coming through his shoulder and was trying hard not to pass out. So I assisted him and ran him through. I saw Sterlin and then you. Sterlin was out of arrows, so I launched myself up behind your assailant and drove my blade through his insides.”
Rolin nodded,”Well then I will thank you both for saving my life. I hope to one day repay the favor, and am in your debt.”
“If we are to be as a group, then we must act like a group.There is no repaying of a life-debt in battle. It is every man battling to save ever other man’s life. You would have done the same for me, or Cortibis. If we are going to travel with each other, then we must depend on each other, without hesitation. A profusion of portentous perils plague us every step of the way. Besides, without your taking out most of our adversaries we would have been lost.” Sterlin stopped to admire his fierce control of the language.”If Range lives through this, then I see our paths crossing many more dangers.Sharpen your blade and say your prayers.”
“It was a true group effort,” Rolin said.
They did make good time, and were arriving at the edge of the Argoth plains and the beginning of the area that housed Rommel. 
“Ah the valley is beautiful!And look at the river; it is such a stark blue! It almost shines!”Sterlin pointed out as they rode toward the valley.
The valley was an oddity coming from the south, as if someone had placed a bowl on the ground and cut out a notch on the south side.From the north end, one could peer down into the valley, like normal.But from the south end of the valley, it seemed as if one was walking between two huge earthen walls that grew up out of the ground. When a traveler came from the south, he was on the same level as the city.
The two great mountainous walls they rode between were quiet and unattended. The road was tight and well packed, and they caught the smell of a fire burning from far off.Their spirits rose when they spied the actual city of to the north.Rolin was feeling more and more exhausted.
“Is it time for another dose?” he asked Sterlin.
“Perhaps. Let us stop and give you some more. You are beginning to look peaked.”
They stopped and first gave Range some of the elixir and then Rolin.
They rode into the city, and passed a checkpoint where the guards asked them their business in the city and their names. They offered names and said they were looking for a healer to help their friend who had been waylaid by a band of brigands on the road. The guard gave them directions to a healer who lived close by and bid them on their way.
They made their way through the city and were amazed at all the people and buildings. Everything looked clean and well-tended. Large gray stones bricked the streets; the buildings were either bright white or olive colored.
They passed down the street and turned where the guard had said, and they saw a large sign over a building that had the common sign for healer painted in red on a wooden plank: an eye with a fire under it. 
The little shop had square windows and a hearty looking wooden door.As Rolin pushed the door open, he heard a tinkle of a bell emanate from somewhere.
“Be right there!” a voice shouted from the back of the shop.
Rolin peered about the murky darkness. His hood was up hiding his face in the inscrutable darkness, the smells of herbs and spices assaulted his nose.Small vials and nick-knacks were arranged in some fashion that seemed to be both cluttered and organized. Some sort of labeling system was attached each one.The ceiling was low and the floor was earthen.A red embroidered blanket covered what appeared to be a doorway to the back of the store. The store was cozy.He could see a black kettle hanging on a hook above a fire.Steam rose vigorously from the kettle’s spout. 
Presently a short, rotund woman entered from behind the curtain.She was old, her face a map of lines. Her hair was salt and pepper and tied into a bun.She had a warm, but commanding smile.
“Good day, sir,” she said, in a clear round voice,”How may I be of service?”
“Good day, madam.I have a friend who is gravely injured and we were informed that perhaps you could help,” Rolin said. Sterlin stood quietly behind him. 
She nodded grimly.”Perhaps.I am the best healer in this city, if I do say so myself. You can ask around, and you’ll hear most people say it. But I prattle. Where is your friend?”
“Outside. His wound is grievous and his life ebbs from him as we speak.He is a brave man and deserves more than death on a horse.” 
Rolin opened the door for her. They stepped outside into the waning daylight.Shadows were more prevalent than sun at the moment. 
She walked to the horse where Range was and lifted his head.After peering into his face for a moment, she turned to Rolin.”What has happened?” she asked. 
“We were waylaid on the road from Spadix.”
“Indeed, he is at the point of no return.Death is reaching her cold hand up for him. I may not be able to help him, and the price will be steep.I do not work for free, but I do get results.You can ask about if you don’t believe me.” She stood waiting.
“Madam, please do what you can, payment is not an issue.”
Cortibis and Sterlin came up with him.
She scratched her head.”Get him off of this horse and inside. I will get my shop ready.” She peered at the sky,”It is getting late anyway, I was just about to lock my doors for the night. It’s not good to be out after dark anymore.”She walked into her shop.
The three men pulled Range off of the horse and brought him inside.The tinkle of the door merrily greeted them again.
“I am back here!” she yelled.
They lugged him to the curtain and Cortibis lifted it.Beyond was a cheery and comforting yellow light. The back room was smaller than the front, and the men had a hard time squeezing in. There was a large bed against the wall with clean covers, and a small table next to it. The bright yellow lamp sat on the table. On the far end was a potbelly oven with a stove on top.The woman was standing with her back to them mixing something. The smell was bittersweet, and made them all thirsty.On every wall was a thick, heavy rug with designs and decorations embroidered in gold and various colored yarn.In the corner next to the oven was a cupboard made of a light colored wood.
“Put him on the bed,” she said, without looking over her shoulder. 
They placed him gently on his back. Range let out a small moan. 
“Please sit down,” she said.
They all found a place to sit on the earthen floor. 
After a while the smell became stronger and the room grew sticky hot.Cortibis leaned back against the wall of stone and closed his eyes.Rolin sat slumped over, his pain had returned.Sterlin sat, watching with great patience. 
The old woman finally reached over and pulled a small cup from the cupboard and filled it with her concoction.She turned to Range.”We need to remove these clothes. We must clean the wound thoroughly.”She sat the metal cup on the table next to the bed and began removing Range’s torn tunic and his makeshift bandage. 
Rolin helped her, although, he himself was in a great deal of pain. They peeled his sticky shirt off and tossed it to the side. His skin underneath was pallid and sticky.The woman removed the blood-soaked bandage they had put on in the field and dropped it to the ground. 
“Good thing you got the bleeding to stop. Otherwise he would be dead already.”
“It was not just that madam. We also had some solutari poltari,” Rolin said. Sterlin’s head shot up.The old woman said nothing, but looked over at Sterlin out of the crook of her eye.
“Aye, that would help him stay alive as well,” she said.
She took her metal cup and held it over the black, puffy and crusty wound.
“Hold him, this will rouse him, and he may be too strong for me to contain. He’s a big one.” Rolin grabbed his feet and Cortibis grabbed his arms.
“Hullo?” She said just before spilling the concoction into Range’s wound,”What a bizarre tattoo the man has.”And with that she poured the mixture on the wound. 
Range’s body clenched.”ZOË!” he cried. His back arched and he shook ardently. He gritted his teeth, and almost let out a yelp, right before he fell limply back onto the bed.She then cleaned out the wound vigorously and the area around it. Range did not move.
The woman was already back at the pot scooping out another cupful of liquid health.Rolin saw the tattoo across the right breast of Range. The tattoo was in the shape of a triangle with six-sided black stars at each of the three points.The triangle was sectioned into three separate areas each colored red, blue and green. 
The woman returned with another cupful of the liquid.She poured only half into the wound this time. She reached behind Range’s head and lifted it. She poured some down his throat. He swallowed involuntarily and choked up some.She removed the cup from his lips and wiped it with a black towel in her hand. 
“There,” she said, standing up, placing her hands on her hips.”We will let that set in for a few hours and then give him a re-treatment.If he does not show some signs of improvement in a few hours, we will change his medication to something slightly different. If the first treatment holds then he will be up and around tomorrow. This is potent stuff. I have only used it a few times before, but his situation is dire. He may still yet fall into death’s hands.”She walked over and lit a candle marked for the passage of time. 
“What should my companions and I do while he is recovering?” Rolin asked in a tight voice, the pain was overcoming him. 
She gave him a perceiving and discerning eye.”You’re hurt boy! Why didn’t you say so in the first place?Zora’s sake boy, get on that bed next to the other one and let’s take a look at you. You’re as bad as my son. Always trying to act brave and strong. Bah!If you’re hurt tell someone.Silly men.”
Rolin sat down and pulled off his tunic.The sleeve that had been cut stuck sickly to his cut.He pulled it off without a hint of a flinch or emotion. His hood was removed too and his sweat-slicked bald head unveiled.Some stubble was growing up around his topknot. 
She looked at him with a wry smile.”You’re an intrepid one.I know it hurts. Men!”
Rolin sat there looking at the wound. 
The skin had been sliced like a slab of meat. A flap was barely staying up connected to the upper part of his arm.Blood was crusted all around the wound and it looked just as purple and worn out as Range’s.
“Ooh,” she said, pulling his arm toward the light.”This will take some sewing up.I will need to suture the skin back together.” She gave him a stern look, her old eyes glittering in the warm lamp light,”You had better be brave now. I am almost out of pain stoppers, and you are a big one. When I am doing my stitching, you will need to be still and solid. No wiggling around.I won’t have you messing up my work.Now let me go get my catgut and we will begin.”She went again to her cupboard and dug around.She located what she was looking for and pulled it out.She laid the needle and the catgut on the table next to the bed and went to fetch some more of her healing potion. 
Cortibis and Sterlin were about to sit down, but she said,”You boys get out of here. If there ain’t anything wrong with you, you can go outside and wait.Go smoke a pipe or whatever it is men do.”
They nodded and left the store to go wait outside.
The old woman grabbed hold of Rolin’s arm,”This will burn like fire. It will also kill any evil that has set in and plots to do you harm by getting this infected. Grit your teeth, Zmarly.”And with that, she poured the elixir into his flayed skin.He did not flinch or even budge, but breathed in and out in a rhythmic pattern.His eyes were closed and his focus was elsewhere.
The old woman fetched another cup of the medicine and dipped her ladle in.She then handed the cup to Rolin.”Drink up. It tastes like trash, but it will heal you from the inside.”
He did as he was told; the potion was lasting and bitter.The feeling went all the way to his toes. The taste and feeling was similar to the solutari poltari, but less artificial.
“I am going to sew you up now. This will be quite painful.Take this,” she pulled out a leaf from her pocket and handed it to him, it was round with a pointy tip, and looked as if it had just been plucked. The texture was smooth and glossy.
“What do I do with it?” he asked. 
“Eat it, boy. What do you think you’re supposed to do with it?Rub it on your eyelids?” she replied, poking her catgut through an impossibly big needle.She poked her tongue out as she carefully threaded the needle. 
He popped the leaf in his mouth and tried to chew it up.The taste was sweet, but it was sour in his stomach.He squinted slightly. After a few moments he began to feel as if he were almost floating.His head swayed slightly side to side. 
She held his skin up and began to sew it back together. Every time she pierced the skin, he winced, but did not jerk away.The pain was there, but it was strange like someone calling his name under water.
She pulled the last thread through and tied it off.
“There, that should do just fine. Remove the sutures in about two to three weeks.”She reached into another pocket and produced a salve, and rubbed it lightly on the stitched area. 
Suddenly the curtain flew to the side, Cortibis stumbled through.”Come quickly!Sterlin has stolen it!” he said, breathlessly. He was holding the back of his head.
Rolin stood up, a little shaken.”What?” 
“Sterlin, grabbed it and hit me from behind, and fled!”
“Stole what?” Rolin said, in frustration. The medicine the woman had given him clouded his thoughts.
“IT!” Cortibis said
“Where did he go?” Rolin asked. He pulled his tunic on.
“He did not take his horse! Only the—“
“—I know,” Rolin said, looking at the old woman watching them with interest.“We must still attempt to find him. Madame, may our friend stay here, while we go and search for this fiend?”
“Aye, there is no better place. I will lock the door behind you. Strange things have been afoot at night lately.”
“Aye, and thanks,” Rolin said. He and Cortibis bounded for the door.
The sun was down and the warmth of the day was gone as they stepped into the frosty night. Their breath showed with every puff.
She threw the bolt as soon as they were out, and Rolin saw her watching them as they hopped on their horses and began readying themselves.He hoped Range would be all right. 
“Which way did he flee?”Rolin asked looking up and down the street.
“I think to the east, but my head was spinning after he landed his blow on my skull.”
“Who would expect a blow to the head from a companion?”
“Who indeed,” Cortibis agreed.
“We will split up. I will go east, you go west.It is dark, so he has the advantage.But we must look even if in vain. The streets are mostly clear now, so we have at least that in our favor.” And with that he rode off toward the east.

***


Cortibis made for the west.
The streets were clean, and a dark alleyway or street was rare. Most were lit up nicely and kept clean. Cortibis noticed a great lack of people milling about the streets. He had only seen two people and they were locking themselves in as he passed by.The quiet and the clip clop of the horse’s hooves were eerie. Why was everyone in for the night? There should be people at inns and taking walks.
Cortibis located no one, but could not help a sense of impending dread that lingered over him like a knell.He could not shake the thought of the woman’s statement as she locked up the door.”Strange things have been afoot at night.” 
What in the name of Ooln did that mean? 
He was overwhelmed by the enormity of the city. He had been to Rommel only once before, and that had been in captivity.As alive as the city seemed during the day, it was just as dead in the night.No one was about and no sounds emanated.
He passed by a sign for an inn. It was called the Fast Rabbit, and its doors were locked tight.No music or celebration could be heard inside.A shiver ran up his spine, but he shook it off. 
In the darkness he heard a sound.Like a grunt, but more like a growl.A figure zipped from one shadow to another about two blocks away.He leaned forward on his horse to get a better look.Only the dirty yellow light of a strategically placed lamp broke the inky black night. The problem was the light ruined his night eyes and cut such a stark line in the darkness he could make out nothing. 
He could sense around the corners and under the awnings deep shadows of murder and fear.He tried to shake off the feeling of dread clenching in his bowels, like evil itself.
Cortibis smelled something, but the smell was peculiar. He slowed his mount and began to look around for the stench.He could not quite place it. 
In the darkness of one of the alleyways, he saw something lying on the street.He slowly pushed his horse closer to get a better look.As he got closer he determined that whatever it was the smell emanated from it.
Cortibis stopped his horse and got down. He stepped in something liquid. His foot slid around. He leaned closer to see what it was.The dim light illuminated a lump bulk on the ground, but he still could not determine what it was in the darkness. He stood up and regarded the area.After a moment of pondering, he went back around the corner, to the front of the building.He edged himself up the pole that held the lamp, and lifted it off the hook.He climbed back down, lights and shadows bobbing around like enemies, and walked around the corner. 
He stopped, cold. 
What he saw was near indescribable. Initially he took it for a pile of trash, but quickly realized it used to be a man.Now it was just a piece of meat. 
Cortibis walked closer, and almost gagged. The amount of blood was startling. It was deep around the corpse.The entire body had been mauled and looked as if it had been partly consumed.He felt the bile rising up in his throat, but swallowed it back down. Steam floated away from the carcass and a sewer near by in the cold night. The kill was still fresh. He pulled his sword from its scabbard instinctively. 
He turned away from the gory scene and was about to walk off when he spotted another, smaller bundle next to the body.Could it be? He hung his arm out as far as it would go for his feet would not take one step toward the mess that used to be a man.
The blood soaked bundle appeared to be something wrapped up.His heart beat wildly in his chest. Could this be?He moved a little closer and got within sword distance of the body and the wrapped bundle. 
The bundle certainly looked like the Sword. That could only mean the body was the remains of Sterlin Similow.He flicked the bundle away from the figure with his sword and walked around the body to retrieve it. He pealed back the corner of the bloody rag and sure enough it was Range’s Sword.He pulled off his leather vest and picked up the messy package with it. Dark, viscous blood dripped from the bundle. A wave of nausea attempted to overwhelm him, but he mastered himself. The site of blood would not unman him. He could just hear Rolin with his condescending remarks. Are you unmanned, Cortibis?
He got back on his horse, took the lamp, and made his way back to the woman’s shop.
When he got there, he saw the other two horses were gone, but the saddle and the packs were tossed about willy-nilly. What had happened? He stopped his horse by the front of the shop and placed the lamp on the ground by the packs.They looked as if someone had stripped the horses of any non-living thing. The bridle, bit and saddles of the horses were strewn about as if it had been ripped off the horses and thrown.The packs had stayed pretty much intact.He was particularly interested in what was in Sterlin’s bag. 
Cortibis had begun gathering up the bags when he heard the clatter of another horse’s hooves on the stone street.He stood up and pulled out his sword—ready. 
The clip clop grew louder and presently a dark figure came around the corner.It was Rolin. 
“I am here!” Cortibis waved.
Rolin pulled up his horse.”What is this?” 
“I have found the Sword.”
“How were you able to locate the thief?”
“He was dead.”
Rolin’s head caught up.”Say again? Who killed him?”
“I am not certain who killed him, but it was vicious. It looked as if he had been eaten.There was much blood around him, and his body had the look of a rabbit that has been caught by a wolf.” His stomach still turned.
“I got the feeling that something is not right here.I have a desire to run into a house and lock myself in. The horses are gone as well?”
“Aye,” said Cortibis.”I am not certain what it is, but apparently the residents of this city feel it as well.I passed no one as I searched.The streets were barren. Not even an inn or tavern was open. Something evil is indeed afoot.”
“Let us not be caught unawares. Pick up this mess and bring it inside.”
“What about the horses?”
“They will have to fend for themselves. We will be staying here tonight, and we have no place to lodge them.Be brave, beasts.”The two men gathered up the slew of baggage.Rolin eyed the bloody package Cortibis had picked up.They rapped on the door three times.After a moment the old woman answered.
“Come in, quickly!” she said.”I am surprised the both of you have returned alive.” She looked up and down the street quickly.
They looked at each other and then stepped inside. Cortibis shrugged. The old woman slammed the door behind them and bolted the lock.
Rolin ventured,”Madame, what is afoot? Something is out there.”
She nodded solemnly.”There are foul things that roam the streets at night.I don’t know what.”
“Like what?”Cortibis asked. 
She shook her head.”You boys stay here tonight. I will make you some pallets on the floor.Would you like some hot tea?Just brewed some up.”
“That would be great,” they both said. 
She turned and headed toward the pot. Rolin and Cortibis made their way to the back room and checked on Range.He was still sleeping, but most of his color had returned.The candle the old woman had lit was almost to the second hour mark. 
“He looks better,” Cortibis said.
The old woman appeared from behind the curtain.”Aye, he is taking well to the medicine.He is a strong one, there are few like him these days.”
“He has carried a great burden for many years, and did so willingly to serve the good of man.It cost him the life of his daughter and friend. He still grieves,” Rolin said.
“Such a tragedy.What burden would cost him the life of his child?If I am not being impolite?”
“We are sworn to secrecy by the one who lies on your bed,” Rolin said.
“Say nothing more,” she said and handed him a hot cup of tea. She poured out some for Cortibis and then for herself. 
“I do not have much room here. I will have to move things around to make room for your beds.The ground will be hard and cold, but not nearly as cold as outside.”
“And safer,” Cortibis said. Whatever was outside, he wanted nothing to do with.
“You seem to be good people, except that one fellow with you. Did you find him and what he had stolen?Thieving is a poor way to do business.That healing potion he used on you and your friend?It is a potion only for the very rich. It is far too expensive for a common traveler.Only a mage or king would be in possession of such a potent magic.”
“We don’t know much about him. Perhaps he was royalty,” Cortibis said, holding up the blood soaked package.”The thief was found dead.” He left it at that.
“Strange portends are popping up every night. If I am correct, it will only get worse,” she said.
“What is the king doing about it?” Rolin asked.
“I have heard things. Nothing solid, but things, you know?Some troops patrol the streets, but Allayna Townsend, who works for the baker Haimee Floorslick, said she heard from a friend of hers the guards were being killed as soon as they were about.Odd things. Whatever this is, it is evil to the core. Word has it the king is marshalling a great band of troops for readiness tomorrow.He will get to the bottom of this. Our fair city shall be no den for brooding evil. I only hope what I hear is true.”
“Brave words madam—“
“Please call me Hélène.”
“Well, Hélène, I am Rolin Zavatla, this is my companion Cortibis Worldhouse, and our injured companion is Range Ironstone. Whatever that evil was we felt tonight, it is great.”
“I have felt its fear for the last three nights. But during the day, the feelings subside.It is if it was a bad dream, and you laugh it off.No one mentioned it the first night, for fear of being called a fool. But the second night it was horrible, and the next day everyone was talking about it.”
“Both of us felt this same evil. I cannot believe that, of all the people in this city, someone would not know what was the cause of this.” Cortibis said.
“Certainly, perhaps the king knows. My suspicions keep me locked away.”
Cortibis understood the woman’s fears. She was brave when was working on an injured person, but this evil that had no presence, hiding around every corner.
“Thank you for the room, we will be gone in the morning,” Cortibis said.
“If you need to stay later, feel free. My place is not much, but you are safer here than outside.”
“Let us see what is in the dead man’s bag,” Rolin said, pulling it free. 
“I will be in the back, getting my cot ready,” Hélène said.
They withdrew Sterlin’s burlap bag and pulled the drawstrings apart. They removed some clothing, a small diary book, a bag of sparkly diamonds, the vial of solutari poltari, some money, a pipe, weed, and a packet of quick flint.Nothing too extraordinary.
Hélène walked back into the room.She stopped, pointing at something lying on the floor.”That is the scarf of Levitin!What are you doing with it?”
“It was in the pack of the thief.” Cortibis stopped himself. The thief?”Are you certain that it is the scarf of Levitin?”The bright blue scarf, with flecks of gold sewn into it lay on the floor between the two men.Levitin the thief.Sterlin the thief.Thief, thief, thief. 
“I would know it anywhere.The man I had in my shop tonight was Levitin?I cannot believe that.Levitin is a good man. He gave to the people.” 
“Hélène, are you certain?”
“That is his wardrobe and his scarf!All black clothes and the blue scarf.Levitin was in here not two—” She stopped, realizing what she was about to say:She had harbored Levitin, a crime punishable by death.She looked at the floor,”I guess it doesn’t matter too much now that he is dead. He did so much for the good of the common people. This is horrible. His death will bring the morale of this city to its knees.”Not the kings and other nobles, Cortibis thought.
“He was in our town as well,” he said. 
Rolin paused for a moment and then handed the diary to Hélène,”Why don’t you read his diary tonight and see what you can discern from his notes.I am afraid we will have to read it as well.”
“I will read it tonight. I will be up anyway, watching over your friend.I am hoping to find some redeeming information here within.For my sake at least.”
“I hope you do as well, ma’am.It is a sad day if Levitin is dead,” Cortibis said. 
She said she would wake them if Range awoke. 
Their sleeping area was minimal, but vastly warmer than outside. Some small areas were cleared for them in the front of the shop. Thin pallets were placed on the floor in the small aisles.They could hardly roll around without shaking a rack or a shelf. They had rewrapped the Sword in clean wrappings and discarded the bloody ones. They did it in the dark and neither got a good look at it.
Cortibis settled into his pallet.
He could see the front door and the small space under it. A pale light sneaked in from outside. He suspected a lot of cold as well. Rolin had just lain down and was getting as comfortable as possible on the hard floor.He pulled his blanket up to his chin, and fell asleep almost immediately.Cortibis watched the dim light emanating under the door. 
The glow was coming from the lamp on the opposite side of the street.He just knew cold air was seeping in through that crack. Somehow he could not get past that thought. Finally he decided to find something to place over it.As he was about to stand, the light was interrupted by a shadow. Cortibis lay still. He focused his eyes watching the shadow move around.The movement was like a drunken man, weaving side to side. No. The shadow looked like a man pacing in front of the door. 
He heard some sort of animalistic mewling.A bear perhaps?It would explain the death of Sterlin Similow.But that fearfulness when outside could not be explained by a mere bear. He could feel the fear slide under the door, almost visible, moving into the room, riding along the draft of cold.
Cortibis watched for a moment. He would wait; it was probably nothing. They had heavily bolted the door and he saw no reason to wake the slumbering Rolin.At least not yet.He could hear the quiet lamentations coming from the back of the shop as Hélène read the diary of Levitin. 
He heard scraping at the door, and his heart jerked with alarm as the handle jiggled, but did not turn.The shadow moved and was gone, the gut clenching fear along with it.Apparently whoever or whatever was outside had decided to leave them be. He quietly got up.He pulled back the thick curtains covering the windows.Outside all was still.He could see nothing moving about.But that wasn’t quite right.
As he watched he spied shadows moving among the shadows.Another shot of fear pierced him. He was certain that one of those shadows was looking at him.
The shadows moved back and forth, but never stepped fully into the night. He could see something that did not look human.
Cortibis stood there for a while and waited, but never got a clear view, so he let the curtain fall and stepped back, looking for something to plug the gap under the door.
After hunting for a few minutes he found a large rag, rolled it up, and stuffed it under the door.The room was cold. He went to the small fireplace housing the kettle.A fire still burned. He grabbed a few more logs from the short pile next to the fireplace and tossed them in.The fire slowly regained some of its ire. He nodded, it should last the night.
Cortibis crawled under his cold blankets and hoped for a quiet night.He pulled his blanket up over his head to keep himself warm.The blanket was thin.He lay still waiting for his own body heat to warm the covers. While he was waiting, he fell asleep. 

***
The next morning Range woke up. He felt like one foot was still standing in the grave. The fire had burned out over the night and the shop was bitterly cold.Hélène brewed up some coffee.He said a small prayer of thanks to Ooln.He needed to find out where they were, what they were doing and what day it was.He could, once again, feel time slipping away.
“It is good to have you awake, Range,” Rolin said.
“It is good to be awake. Tell me what has happened? Where are we?” Range’s cracked as he spoke. He felt like he had swallowed sand.
“There is much to tell,” Rolin said.
“Where is Sterlin?” Range asked.
Hélène looked over her shoulder.
“That is a difficult thing to say,” Rolin said. 
“Why?” Since when was Rolin vague with his answers? 
Rolin looked at Cortibis and said,”Yesterday after you were fallen in battle, we gathered you up and rode like the wind to get to the city of Rommel.”
“So we won the battle?We are in Rommel now?”
“On the outskirts.We were afraid to go much deeper into the city until we found you a healer.Her name is Hélène and she has done right by you. We owe her more than just money. She has earned it.”
“So where is Sterlin?”
“After Hélène doctored your wounds, she worked her skills on me.While she was working, she told Sterlin and Cortibis to go outside. While they were out there, Sterlin waylaid Cortibis and absconded your ‘package’.”
Range froze and looked at Rolin as if he had just sprouted wings. Sterlin? 
“You mean the Sword of Saddig?” Hélène asked cautiously, from behind Rolin.
They all turned and looked at her.Range felt weary. Even after his sleep, he felt weary.
“It was written in his journal,” she said.”I read most of it last night.”
Rolin looked apologetically at Range.Here they were trying to keep the Sword a secret, and he was giving the information to anyone who knew how to read.
“It is all right.You’re not as seasoned as I am at keeping the damnable thing secret.So we are no longer keeper of the Sword?” He felt an almost relief.Was it over? Again? Finally? Maybe he would just go to Crompulous and skip Garon’s.
“We still hold the Sword.Something evil befell Sterlin last night,” Rolin said.
“He looked as if he had been eaten,” Cortibis added, shivering.
“Evil versus evil: Good wins every time,” Rolin said.
“So where is the Sword?How did you get it?” Range asked. He would never be rid of that damnable Sword!Never.
“Yes.It is under my pallet in the other room. Safe,” Rolin said.
“Ma’am, if you would be so kind as to let me see the book?” Range asked.
“It is there next to my cot.” She was cooking some breakfast.The smell of porridge was wafting about the room.
Cortibis handed the book to Range. 
“Hélène were our fears founded?” Cortibis asked.
“From what I read, it appears so. May Ooln have mercy on his soul.”
Range looked about,”Again with the double speak. What are you talking about?”
“Sterlin Similow was Levitin the thief,” Hélène said. Her back was to them as she cooked.
“What?How is this possible?” Range asked. 
Hélène put the spoon down.She wiped her hands, dutifully on her apron.”From what I read, it was he.He never names himself directly but in his notes I could put things into one cup and swirl them about to make sense.You should read it yourself. But with the clothes and this book, I am certain.”
“Why did he agree to stay with us then?He did not have to travel with us?” Cortibis asked.Range thought that was a great question. The thief had met them on the road just north of Spadix.That made sense. Levitin had just stolen something from the count of Spadix and was heading north.Hadn’t Geinan warned them about Levitin? Didn’t he say the thief wore all black with a blue sash?Suddenly it all came together.
“His writing is reckless at that point, but from what I can gather, he was going to use your group as a place for concealment until he could get to the city of Rommel.He had apparently just pulled a theft in Spadix.”She looked crestfallen. 
Range was reading passages in the journal.”The Sword was his bane.It was the ultimate thing to steal.” He found the part where Sterlin had first met him and read from there.Sterlin had written the group he was traveling in was made up of the most principled and ethical people he had ever met.His opinion of Range was high. When he had saved Range’s life at their last battle, he considered their debt equal and that had apparently left the potential open for him to take the Sword. Maybe. His writing never came right out to say that.
“Aye that is what I read as well,” she said.She turned to her pot and continued cooking. 
“So what do we do now?”Cortibis asked. 
“You will need to rest for one more day, but after that you should be healthy enough to travel,” she said.
“We will need to be on our way again and soon,” Range said. 
“The mage we saw on the road is someone called Lozuk or something similar.He was looking for us, it appears,” Cortibis said. 
“How did you find that out?” Range asked.
“Rolin questioned a survivor of our battle,” Cortibis said.”Tortured was more like it.”
“And he had information?” Range asked.
“Some, but not much,” said Rolin.”He named the mage’s apprentice, Gidas, but was uncertain of the mage himself. They were heading to Spadix, but he did not know why.”
“Being hunted by a mage, wonderful,” Range said. 
“Are we still going to see your friend?” Cortibis asked.
“If this man is responsible for the death of my daughter and my friend, I will see him dead, mage or no. I need to get to Garon Pourghadiri—fast!”
“I will not forsake you,” Rolin said.
“Nor I,” Cortibis chimed. 
Range felt much better now that his paid help was not leaving,”Thanks, but I cannot ask you to do this.”
“Then do not ask,” Rolin said.”I have not told you what I was doing so far from my home when we first met.”
Range was not certain if he wanted to know the reason a Zmarly was months away from his home.He felt as if he was about to receive more information that would simply add to the weight already on his shoulders.
“I must now tell you.I was not certain until last night that things were as they were.But now I am certain of what I am about to say.”
“The leaders from my Yedno sent me to look for the One-Who-Is-Coming. One who is to help our people battle a great evil.I was told he was the one who would carry a Sword of The Mad god, travel with a thief, and harbored a great secret, a small secret, and a silent man.”
“Who told you this?” Range asked.
“Our prophets,” Rolin said, as if that explained it all.The Zmarly were heathen people who worshipped their own gods. Range looked upon their religion with a callous and disbelieving eye.“They were given a vision.A great evil was coming toward our people, and our only hope was the one who carried the Sword.They did not say how that person would help, but only that, somehow, he would give assistance when needed.”
“And you think this person is me?”This was impossible. Did he really need more responsibility in his life? 
“The person I was sent to find was to be traveling north with a full carrus, which is ‘wagon’ in your language.Your wife, and children were in your wagon, and you had a full load of supplies,” Rolin said.
“I am not traveling with a silent man, and the thief is now dead.I am only one man, against what is steadily becoming the world.Tell me what evil is about to descend upon your land and how I am supposed to assist.”
“I was sent because of what was said, how it was interpreted and who I am.You are the one who I am to be with. I have met no other who is traveling on the road, going north, with a full wagon, a thief, and carrying a Sword of Saddig. If somehow you think this is a normal occurrence for someone to be carrying a Sword of Saddig, on the road going north, with a full wagon here in your land, please tell me and I will be about my hunt again,” Rolin said.”If not, I will stay with you without pay.I only hope that if a great evil does come upon my people, there is some assistance you can render.”
“If there is any way I can help your people, by Ooln I will do it. If your prophets have augured this, it is beyond me to disparage their vision. But first we must get to Garon’s home and see what we shall see.‘The wise seek counsel from the wise.’” he quoted to Rolin.
“I will follow,” Rolin said, bowing slightly. Range shook his head. This was steadily growing more and more out of hand. 
Cortibis stood by the oven and helped Hélène divvy out the porridge into small, wooden bowls.She used shallow, wooden spoons that scraped on teeth and tongues.Range hated wooden spoons. 
“I will stay with you as well.You need not pay me, but only pay my way along. I have been through much in my life. It is better to die in valor and glory, than to live in squalor and depravity, believe me, I know.Let us fight the good fight and have them write stories and songs about us,” Cortibis said.
Hélène looked at him,”Do not be over anxious, boy. It is not right to do good things and receive renown for them.The good do their deeds because it is the right thing to do.”
“Well said,” Rolin added, spooning some of the sweet flavored porridge to his mouth. 
Cortibis smiled and shrugged. His pale skin flushed.”Aye, well said. I get too excited at times and my mouth runs away from my mind. I will stand by your sides and fight for what is just.” 
“What is just?” Range asked.
“Pardon?”Cortibis said. He pulled the spoon from his mouth.
“Is what I am doing just?” Range had put his bowl in his lap.
“It’s certainly not unjust,” Cortibis said.
“I am traveling north with a Sword I don’t want, to ask an old friend what I should do. If he says that I should bury it somewhere in the mountains, then I will, and never think about it again. I will go back to my family and live a long happy life.My goal isn’t to battle evil and wipe it from the land. I do not seek glory through heroism. I seek it through the wisdom of Ooln.” Range paused for a moment, gathering his thoughts.”If my friend tells me that I must go farther, and work harder to ensure the safety of this land then I will trudge on.My family’s safety is what I fight for.”
The fire had warmed the room up somewhat and they began to chat idly about what they were going to do.Although all were melancholy and thoughtful, the warm food and room brought their sprits up.
“Perhaps we can take a tour about the city today and see the sites,” Cortibis suggested.
“If Range is up for it,” Rolin said.
Range sat more upright in bed.The dull ache in his shoulder was still mind numbingly large.”I think I can make it about, as long as we don’t get crazy.I want to go to the temple and we need to procure some horses as well.Do we still have all of our supplies?”
“Aye, we do. I want to see about beefing up some of our food supplies. I have the feeling that horses will be difficult to find. And expensive if we do,” Rolin said. 
“Do you think those beasts ate all the horses in the city?” Range asked.
“Any that weren’t locked up.”
“You’re probably right,” he agreed.”We must be about the city, I wish to know more about this evil that permeates the night.Hélène, would it be possible for me to get out of this bed now?”
“I changed your bandages early this morn, and they looked clean.You are healing well.You will have some soreness in your shoulder where the sword stuck you for some time, but you should be almost normal by tomorrow. Do not overspend yourself today.Listen to Hélène or you’ll be back in bed again!”
“I will listen.”
The three men stepped outside into the street.The day was warming up, but still had a crisp bite to it. The sun was above, giving the day a washed out look.Range loved it. He felt new and fresh.All he needed was a hot bath to be back to normal. 
The street was wide and long and full of people moving about their early morning business. Across the street were other shops of sundry natures and styles.All looked clean and well tended.The shopkeepers were sweeping porches and putting out their wares for the day.Most had a haggard look about them.The night’s fears looked to be wearing everyone thin.
The city was alive, but subdued. Most people looked at their neighbor with suspicious eyes and moved about their own business without so much as an”Excuse me.” 
“The townsfolk look spent,” observed Cortibis.”Just yesterday they looked better than today.”
“Aye,” Rolin said.
“This nighttime explosion of fear bothers me.Something about it reeks of magic. Evil magic,” Range said, inspecting the passerby.He was determined not to get involved in another task, but something about this stirred him.He couldn't put his finger on it, but this was somehow connected to what was happening with him. And that Sword.
They took a leisurely stroll about the city. At every turn there was some new visual sensation that marveled them.Buildings taller than they were around, giant marbled libraries, a huge timepiece in the center of a large town circle.The smells of frying foods, baking breads, and sweet candy interrupted their walk almost constantly.They stopped at the temple of Ooln. It was huge and very well tended.Range spoke with the priest and then said some prayers.The sounds of children became more frequent as the day wore on. As a matter of fact the general attitude of the people rose as the day wore on. They saw more men laughing out loud and more chattering women.The fear from the night before was fast dissipating.They came across very few horses and the ones they did were either undernourished, or too expensive.Range did fine on their jaunt and was feeling normal by the time they stopped at a tavern to have some lunch.The tavern was just like every other tavern, but the food was better.The ale was sweet and effervescent, with no hint of bitterness.Range imbibed three full mugs before they left. He was drunker than normal after three pints. 
One thought sunk his elation like a rock in a river. He stopped walking. Rolin and Cortibis turned to look at him.
“Zoë is dead,” he said.
“It is a sad thing,” Cortibis said.
“We need to find an inn for tonight. We cannot stay with Hélène again. I do not want her involved,” Range said with a slow tongue.He could not feel his lips very well.
“Aye, we do not even know her, Range. She knows too much about our business,” Rolin said.
“Agreed.But what can be done?”
“We can silence her.” 
The ebb and flow of the crowd moved around them like a river. Range swayed slightly.
Maybe it was the ale, and maybe it was just Range,”Has it come to that?” 
“You tell me,” Rolin said.
“Well I say it hasn’t.”
“You are the leader,” Rolin said.
“Stay your hand. We will not kill anyone unless absolutely necessary.” He could not believe Rolin was suggesting they kill the old woman who had helped them.Was this where his life was going? Was this his legacy? 
“We live in dangerous times with evil all about us.Sometimes we have to sacrifice innocent few to save the majority,” Rolin said.
“Aye. Sometimes we do have to sacrifice the innocent.”With that, Range moved on.
Rolin and Cortibis were in tow.Neither said anything to the other.Range was furious, but not to the point of blowing.How could Rolin say such a thing?Range hated to hear the truth, especially when he would rather not hear it.‘If you don’t want the answer, don’t ask the question.’He had asked the question. He did not like the answer, but Rolin was right.That did nothing to mollify him. In fact it irritated him even further, knowing the other man was on the mark. His life was now something beyond his control. 
They made their way back to the healer’s shop uneventfully.She was open for business and had a few customers.She ushered the three men to her back room and told them to wait there until she could see them.She had made some coffee and told them to drink as much as they wanted.She looked miffed at Range’s apparent intoxicated presence.
About ten minutes later she made her way back.”How did your tour go?”
“Fine. Although I do not think we saw even a fifth of the city.It is so tremendous.” Cortibis said. 
“It is a pleasant enough place when evil is not lurking about at night.”
“We searched for any signs of violence, or things amiss, but were unsuccessful.” Range said, more sobered up after his walk.
“Alas, it is always the case,” Hélène said, quietly.”Every night: Stark terror.” She raised her eyebrows up and clawed at the air, then shrugged.”The next day everyone forgets until the sun starts going back down.Then the fear begins to well up again.”
“We need to begin going north again soon but if there is something out in the night eating people, then we can stand to wait.”Range couldn’t shake the feeling this had something to do with him.
“You are in no condition to be hiding in shadows at night,” Hélène said.
“Aye, I agree with you, but alas my road dictates differently.We must be quick about this for our road beckons. You said the king’s men would be about tonight. We will watch them and see what comes,” Range said to her.
“It is about two hours until dusk.Please lie down and rest.I will wake you before nightfall. Yes?” 
“I do feel the need to rest for a while,” Range said. After his drink, he felt sleepy.
“As well as I,” Rolin said.They set about making pallets. 
Hélène left to the front and began managing her shop again.
“How do we know we can trust her?She knows about the Sword and for all we know, she could be alerting her wicked cohorts to our present resting state,” Cortibis said.
“You are too suspecting, Cortibis,” Range said.
“I learned it from you,” Cortibis said. Range nodded. The man had a point.Perhaps Range was looking for someone to trust. Someone, anyone, who he could put even a nugget of trust into. He needed to trust someone again. He needed to trust this woman.
“Cortibis, would you be willing to stay awake so the two injured parties can take their rest?” Range asked.
“Aye, I am not tired anyway.I will read the thief’s journal,” he said, sitting on his pallet and pulling out the book.
Range and Rolin were asleep after about half an hour.Both were sleeping soundly when Hélène came back in to wake them.Cortibis stood and stretched, stuffing the journal back into his pocket.
“We must be on our way. Thank you Hélène for your help and ministrations. They proved beneficial to us all,” Range said, digging into his knapsack.He pulled out a small pouch.He fished out two gold coins and handed them to her.
Her face lit up like the sun,”Thank you, sir!” she said, bowing.
“I trust you will keep our secret to yourself?” he said.
“Certainly! You do not need to bribe me for that.”
“Do not take it as a bribe.”
“I shall take it any way you give it,” she said.
“Then we shall be on our way.”
“Be careful and good luck,” she said. 
They left the shop with their packs and began walking toward the castle.
“What is our strategy?” Rolin asked after they had walked for a short way.
“I was thinking we could get on top of a building and watch from above.That way, we’ll be safe and able to get a better view of below.”
Cortibis nodded,”What building would be the best?”
“One close to that big town circle--the one with the timepiece.From there we will have a good view, and be able to move from building to building with stealth.”
“Let us be gone then,” Rolin said.”We should travel with haste as the day wears on and night looms.”The sun was almost down. Shadows were long and dangerous.They made haste to the north and came upon the circle just as the sun was about to dip below the horizon.The streets were vacated.The silence felt like a tomb.
“That building there.” Range pointed to a short building with barrels next to it.”We can easily get up on those barrels and lift ourselves up onto the house’s first level.From there we can climb up to the second story on the building next to it.” 
The sun had just dropped behind the horizon as they were stacking the barrels.
Rolin was looking about while Range climbed the barrel-stairs they had created.”I do not like the unwholesome feeling of the air. Something’s coming this way.Climb quickly,” he said, hurrying Range up, and then almost throwing Cortibis onto the rooftop. Rolin kicked the top barrel and it dropped to the ground with a thunk and rolled away.
They climbed the small lip of building that led them to the second story of the next building. The second story of the building was an excellent place for them to watch the goings on of the night.The ledge on it was about waist high and helped to block some of the bitterly cold wind out of the north.
From above, the circle was well lit.Seven lanterns swung on poles around the perimeter of the timepiece, giving their cheery yellow light.Range thought he could see something moving about in the shadows, something evil peering at him with eyes that hate.He shivered once and shook it off.Why was he so scared? Something else was at work here. Logic said he should not feel that scared, but he did.
Rolin leaned close and whispered,”Fear ebbs from the shadows.”
“There is something wrong about the air tonight. Keep your courage.” Range replied.
“This is not natural,” Cortibis said.Range could feel it. Fear seemed to beat him like a stiff wind.He could not determine where it came from. He was just scared.
“Agreed,” Range said. He looked over to Cortibis who looked positively horrified.He hoped the man didn’t lose his composure and put them in jeopardy.
“What is that strange light coming this way?” Cortibis said, indicating toward the castle.
Range could see a faint light moving between the buildings, making its way toward the circular pool. The light was a rich warm glow, not unlike that of the lanterns.They began to hear boots slapping on the pavement.
“It is the king’s men,” Range said, as they rounded the corner, in full regalia and splendor.
The soldiers were dressed up in their battle raiment and prepared for war.Their swords were out and capable.Their shields were polished and illustrious with the emblem of the king.Their faces were grim in the shadows. All walked with a stiff gait and a pensive canter. Every other one carried a lantern.The light they created was brilliant in the new darkness.Range saw a few people peek from behind curtains.
The three roof dwellers watched in horror as the group of soldiers marched toward the center of the city.Whatever the evil was, it was lost under the shroud of darkness and it was waiting.The fear literally soaked the air and Range knew the soldiers had to be feeling it.
Range watched the hungry darkness as if alive, waiting for something to pounce.He let out a slow breath.
As the soldiers split and encircled the timepiece in the town’s center, the shadows seemed to grow like an ink spill toward them.
Suddenly the shadow burst open and a flood of cruel figures flowed forth.One of the soldiers blew into a battle horn, the sound echoing into the night.
Range gripped his sword as he watched. He heard Cortibis suck in a breath over his shoulder. The figures emanating from the darkness began to attack the soldiers, who rallied and fought.The beast’s gray skin shined like high polished marble, their inhuman claws were perfect for rending flesh, and their pea black eyes were perfect for hunting in the night. They were the size of a small, lanky man, but moved with the swift precision of a lizard. Range could hear mewling sounds as the things joined the melee against the soldiers.A few let out piercing screeches. The soldiers were fighting valiantly, but were outmatched.Any beast slain was only down a few moments before jumping up, and joining the fray again.
Cortibis gawked and said,”Ooln’s beard, they’re—”
“—Demons!” Range finished, not believing it. He felt for the vial around his neck. More demons.Was the Osaban priest behind this?
“We must do something,” Rolin said.
“What! Are you blind? Those soldiers are outnumbered at least four to one! And you think we can make a difference? Against demons?” Cortibis said.”Look!” He pointed to the street.
Range did and his stomach was turned.A few of the beasts had begun to devour the fallen soldiers.Some of the soldiers were still alive as the hell spawn began their feast.The cries for help twisted Range’s heart. This was not his battle. This was not his problem. What was the chance that a demon conjurer would chase him, and then the city of Rommel is suddenly infested with demons?He gripped the stone ledge, subconsciously trying to rend it apart.
“Should we help?” Range asked the night.
“What?”Cortibis asked.”Have you lost your mind?We run as far as we can.Those are demons down there.Demons!There is no way to kill a demon or to stop it with normal weapons. They’re creatures from hell!” He stood, both feet planted firmly on the roof.
Range fetched the vial of oil.He waggled it in front of Cortibis.
“Tell me you’re not serious,” Cortibis said. 
“Let’s get this stuff on,” Range said. He popped the cork out.”Here, rub some of this on your blade. Rolin, rub some on your staff.”
“How long is this supposed to last? There are a lot of demons down there,” Cortibis asked, eyeing the oil as if it were poison.
“I don’t know. Just take some now and we’ll worry about it later.”
“So what am I supposed to do if I run out? Those are demons. They eat you if you stand around waiting for your sword to be oiled.” He visibly shivered.
“Just fight,” Range said.
“Why are we doing this?” Cortibis asked.
Range stopped applying the oil to his sword.”It involves me.”
“How?”
“This is the third time in a week I have seen demons.So far they have all been after me.”
“But these aren’t.They’re eating some soldiers.” 
“Let’s go,” Range said.
“Let’s get off this roof.” As Rolin finished his sentence a propitious horn was blown from a distance. 
The beasts looked up momentarily.Some were still fighting the men. To the demons it was not a battle, but a meal.From the vicinity of the castle another glow was coming toward the center of the city with haste. 
“What is that?”
“Assistance perhaps?” 
Range watched as another group of soldiers forced into the circle and engaged the demons.
“Now this is fairer, let our weapons taste these beasts,” Rolin said, standing up straighter.“Grab your courage, Cortibis we are about to do battle.”
Cortibis rubbed the blue oil on his blade, putting extra.
“Give me a man with a sword any day, but flesh eating demons from hell…ugh,” Cortibis said. Rolin jumped from the building, Cortibis followed.
Range dropped to the ground and felt his wound anew.He didn’t know how much help he would be. Luckily he was left-handed and his wound was in the right.He removed his pack and tucked it deep into the shadows behind the barrels.He tucked the bundle holding the Sword of Saddig beneath the rest.He was worried about it being out of his care, but he could not fight with it on his back.He would come get it after the fight.
Rolin was standing at the edge of the alleyway, facing the conflict.The light from the center of the circle silhouetted him. He twirled his staff. 
Range walked to the edge of the fighting. Rolin and Cortibis peered over his shoulder into the fray. They were ready. The cold wind blew across. For a moment they were still.“Shall we begin?” Rolin asked.The beasts were numerous and quick, but they could be defeated. The king’s men were ineffective and were merely being whittled down. They did not know what they faced. 
“If we have to,” Cortibis said. 
“Let’s take it to them,” Range said as they ran to meet the enemy.
The three of them began hacking and whacking through the army of evil with an unyielding vehemence. Their oil-covered weapons were cutting a swath of death through the battle. Every demon they sliced or smacked dropped, squealing with agony.After a few moments the demons would stop moving and begin to dissolve. Range kept eyeing his sword. After every kill he would use a little more oil. He was getting low and the beasts were non-stop.Once again he had to question his own motives. He ducked a claw meant for his throat and swung his blade through the midsection of the demon.With the oil on his blade, it sliced through hell-spawn meat like a razor.Range spun and lost his balance. He fell to a sit and was surrounded on the left and right by Rolin and Cortibis. 
“Range, why are you resting?” Cortibis asked.
“I’m tired, you fool,” Range said, trying to stand.
“Uh oh,” Cortibis said.
“What.”
“I’m out of oil.The last one I stabbed is coming back for another taste.”
Range pulled his vial from under his shirt and popped the cork. He spread some oil on his blade and handed it to Cortibis.”Give me your sword,” he said. Cortibis did. Range oiled it and then gave it back.Cortibis handed Range’s sword to Rolin.
“I cannot fight with a metal weapon,” Rolin said. He pushed the sword away. 
“Good time to tell me,” Cortibis said.
Range tried to stand. The world spun, but he managed.”Get behind me,” he pulled the vial from around his neck,”Here.” He handed it to Rolin who popped the cork.”There’s not much left!” Range said. 
The soldiers saw the group of three men and the dead bodies that stayed dead, around them.
As the fight progressed, more soldiers and more beasts appeared and joined.The fight spread out.Range and his companions were steadily being pushed northward by the battle. They were still fighting valiantly, but Range was tiring.Their blades were covered with the inky blood of the beasts and the oil of Ooln, which never seemed to last long enough.Range knew they were going to run out. When that happened they were dead. Please Ooln, he thought, make it last.
“How much oil is left?” Cortibis asked. He had just lopped the head off one particularly ugly demon.
“We need to get somewhere safe,” Range said. 
“Not much then?” Cortibis asked.
“None,” Range said. He was barely able to keep fighting.
They found themselves fighting on a rise of earth, their backs against a huge wall of stone.
“This wall is bothering me,” Rolin said, trying to cover for Range as well as himself.He killed the two demons they were battling, but Range could see no more oil on his staff.
The battle had stretched from its starting point to just about everywhere. It was a full-fledged war now, and the king’s men were being slaughtered in droves. The out of doors was a blistering ache of clanging swords and screeching beasts. Range was happy most people stayed in doors. Why didn’t the demons enter people’s homes? 
A group of the beasts was climbing the small rise.
“I need more oil!” Cortibis called.”I don’t want to be eaten, hurry up!” 
“There is no more!” Range said. 
“We can’t kill them,” Cortibis said.
“Stand tough,” Rolin said. He stepped in front of Range and Cortibis.The three demons squealed. They saw what had happened to their brethren and were careful.Rolin took his stance, ready. Range could see the sheen of sweat on the Zmarly’s stubbled head. 
Rolin threw the vial of oil to Range. Range opened it and rubbed his finger inside the vial and then onto Cortibis’s sword. He stopped and was about to put some on his own blade.
“Don’t Range,” Cortibis said.”Put it all on mine. You’re in no shape to fight.”
Range knew he was right, but couldn’t bring himself to do it.
“Do it,” Cortibis said. 
Range shook the last bit onto Cortibis’s sword.
Cortibis rubbed it onto his blade and spun to stand next to Rolin.Four more demons were behind the three approaching. 
“Do their numbers ever stop?” Cortibis asked.
Rolin said nothing.
They readied themselves, each making his peace with his own god. Range watched in agony as he leaned against the wall. He prayed to Ooln.If there was to be a miracle, it had to be quick. 
Suddenly the wall next to Range opened.A soldier looked out and quickly perceived the situation.
“Quickly, In! In!” he motioned for them.They filed into the door as the soldier slammed it shut behind them. He bolted it and turned back toward them.
“Come with me, quickly!” he said.
They followed him out from this hall, to a bigger one. We’re in the castle, Range thought. 
As they rounded one curve, they were met with four of the beasts.
The soldier bolted the other way.
“Craven!”Rolin yelled after him.
They engaged the beasts, who were suddenly supplemented by another group of five. 
“Find somewhere to hide!” Range yelled.
“Make a way,” Rolin said, and Range watched as the man became a blur of death. 
Rolin moved so fast and smoothly the cat-like beasts seemed slow and clumsy in comparison.Range kept fighting, but was awestruck by the undaunted, unequaled mastery Rolin exhibited.The man’s staff tore into his enemies, his vehemence unchecked.
Range hunted for somewhere to hide.As soon as Rolin would knock one of the demons down it would get back up.Cortibis jumped in and stabbed each demon as Rolin knocked it down. It was a good plan for now, at least until they ran out of oil.
They backed up against a door, which opened and they fell back into the room. The beasts pounced, but Cortibis kicked the door shut in their faces and the bar slammed down. The demons slammed against the door, which shook, but held.
The room did not improve their situation much.As they rolled to stand, they saw a stern looking man battling two of the beasts.A woman and girl were behind him. He was keeping the beasts at bay only just. The man’s prowess was losing ground at every step.He would deliver the death stroke to one of the demons; it would fall down for a moment, and then be right back up.Seeing the girl, Range thought of Zoë. He noticed they weren’t really in a room but an alcove.They needed to get to a room. The man was losing ground and he had just spotted the other two beasts making their way to the area.The man had not seen Range, Rolin or Cortibis. 
A fire lit in Range’s heart, Zoë’s cry screaming at him from the grave. He forgot all pain in his shoulder and launched himself with a roar at the beasts. He hacked the first one with one fell swoop of his sword.Another innocent would not be killed. He spun and cleaved the second beast in two.Cortibis ran over and plunged his sword into their bodies.After the last one, he looked up at Range,”We’re out.”
The two demons approached. They looked hungry. 
“If we fight, they win,” Range said. 
“Aye, we tire, they don’t,” the man said. 
“Where can we go that’s safe?” Range asked the man. The two demons made for Cortibis and Rolin.
“There is a room up that hall,” he indicated a hallway to the left. The room was directly behind the two demons Rolin and Cortibis were fighting.
“Let’s get your family to safety,” Range said. The family was wearing their nightgowns.How could the demons get in here, if they couldn’t get into people’s homes? He would worry about that later.
“Rolin, Cortibis, we need to get to that hall behind the demons,” Range said.
“Sure, we’ll just kill them,” Cortibis said.
“Move them,” Range said.
“Shall we pick them up and carry them to another room for you?” Cortibis asked.
“Do it!” Range said.
“No problem,” Cortibis said.
The two men managed to move the demons out of the way.Range motioned for the girl and woman.He stood between the fighting while the girl and woman ran by. The man ran behind him. 
“We are through,” the man said,”come!”
“Let’s go!” Range yelled to Rolin and Cortibis.
They began backing up. The man ran to a specific door.He made sure it was safe inside and then directed his child and wife into the room.
“Is that room secure?” Range asked.
“It is,” the man said. 
“Come on,” Range yelled to his companions.
They broke from the melee and sprinted to the room. Range and the man ducked in right before Rolin and Cortibis did. The man dropped the beam on the door.
“How did they get into the castle?” Range asked the man.
“I would like to know,” he said, settling his wife and daughter onto the bed.He covered them with blanket. 
They heard yells and squeals through the halls.
“Where are we?” Range asked.
“In the palace,” the man said. 
“We need to talk to the king, those are demons, not normal beasts,” Range said.
“They are impossible to kill,” the man said.
“Without Ooln’s oil they are,” Cortibis said.
“I do not know how much Ooln’s oil we have in the city,” the man said.
“We need to get to the temple of Ooln and see if the priests have any,” Range said.
“We’ll need enough to float a boat,” Cortibis said.
Range turned to the man.”Can you get us to the king?” 
“Yes,” the man said. 
“Sometime tonight, friend?” Cortibis asked.
“How did you men get into the palace?” the man asked.
“We were let in by some soldier without a sword.”
“Why would he let you in?”
“I don’t think he let us in. It looked like he was trying to leave and saw us outside the palace,” Range said.
“Why did he let you in?”
“Maybe it was because we had about twenty of those demons about to overtake us!” Cortibis said.”Why do you care? If you want our help, then take us to the king! If he has any sense he’ll listen to us and get some oil.”
“Husband…” The woman said. She was holding the girl who looked to be about seven.
He looked at her over his shoulder.”Okay.” He turned to the men.”I am Rexillion Ler-Tamavas, the King of Rommel.”
Range and Cortibis immediately dropped to one knee.Rolin leaned on his pole.
“Your Majesty!” Cortibis said.”I apologize for my shortness.I did not know it was you.”
“Rise, my faithful subjects,” Rexillion said.”This is no time for such nonsense.”
Range and Cortibis stood. Range looked at King Rexillion.He was a fit man with a heavy brow and sharp eye.He had the kind of face that would just as easily fit a king as a farmer, open and honest.This was his king. Just a man. 
“My king, do you have the Ooln’s oil?” Range asked.
“I have a priest of Ooln here in the castle. We need to check with him.”
“Your Majesty, may I ask where all your guards are?” Rolin asked.
“When the fighting started, most of the soldiers left for the clock.I ordered all to go except for my personal guard. They didn’t last very long.”
“How far away is this priest?” Rolin asked.He didn’t seem to be very impressed with the king.
“Two halls away,” the king said.
“That’s easy, two halls,” Cortibis said.”Two halls of hell.”
“You haven’t been to the palace before have you?” the king asked.
“No, Your Majesty,” Cortibis said. 
“Two halls here will give you leg cramps if you’re not fit,” the king said.
“We must go,” Rolin said.
“I will take you,” the king said.
“Rex?” his wife said. 
He turned to her.”They will get lost unless I go with them.”
“Can you not give them instructions? I do not want to be left here alone,” she said.Range couldn’t blame her. He didn’t want to be left alone right now.
“That is true.” The king turned to Range.”Who can stay here?” 
All three looked at each other.None wanted to stay. 
“Range you should stay, you’re injured,” Cortibis said.
“Agreed.” Rolin said. He lowered his hood.Range saw the king’s eyebrow jump. 
“A Zmarly.” the king said.”Well met.” 
Rolin nodded,”I will protect you, King.”
“As no other, I’d wager,” the king said. He turned to his wife.”I will return shortly.”
“Be careful,” she said. Her face was littered with concern, but she was strong. 
Cortibis lifted the bar across the door.Rolin and the king opened it and squeezed out. Cortibis followed.”Don’t forget to lock the door, Range.”
“Thanks,” Range said, closing the door and lowering the bar.His wound was aching deep now.Sitting and waiting was not going to help. 
He turned toward the queen and the princess.He almost laughed. He was in a room with a queen and a princess.Who would have thought?
“Do you need anything, Your Majesty?” he asked.Even though ready for bed, and not made up, she was very pretty. Fully made up, he thought, she would be stunning.
“Nothing at the moment,” she said, looking at him.”Are you all right?” 
He sat heavily in a chair on the opposite side of the room.”I am injured from a previous battle.It has not had time to—” that’s when the blackness overtook him.
When he awoke the first thing he saw was the queen’s face.She was sitting next to him.
“Your Majesty, I apologize,” he said.
“For what? Being a normal person?” she said.”It’s been a long time since I made men faint.”
He smiled and sat up; the room spun but he was able to sit.He was on the floor. The queen was sitting next to him.His head felt cool and he saw the wet rag in her hand. 
“Thank you, You Majesty,” he said.”Some protector I am.”He looked down and saw where his shirt was open and she had tended to him.A queen tending to him!The princess was sleeping on the bed.He looked and could see fresh blood on another cloth she was using for his wound.His shoulder hurt like someone trying to pound a stake. 
“Your wound looks well, although you have torn it open again,” she said.
“A healer worked on it for me.”
“She was skilled.”
A knock came to the door.The queen stood.”Who is there?”
“It’s me,” said the king.She lifted the bar on the door and let four men in.
They all looked tired, but unharmed.
The fourth man wore the robes of a priest.He was a reed of a man with an unruly crop of frosty hair on his head.
“What happened to you?” Cortibis asked.
“He passed out,” the queen said.
Range pointed to the bloody rag next to him. 
“Do you have the oil?” Range asked.
“We have only some, but not nearly enough,” the priest said.
“Can you make some more?” Range asked.
“It takes time. I can have the priests here in the town begin tomorrow.”
“I hope that is in time,” Range said.
“Our friend the priest knows what these demons are,” Rolin said.
“Tell them,” the king said to the priest.
“You know what they are called?”Range said to the old man.
“Certainly, they are Nequitia,” the priest said.”Whom am I speaking to?” he asked, raising his eyebrows.
Rolin pulled Range to a stand.”I am Range Ironstone.”Range’s shoulder cried out.
“That’s a real important thing to know right now,” Cortibis said.”What’s your name, priest?”
“I am Lanife,” the priest said, raising his nose. Range hated him instantly. Political priests were the worst.
“Spill it,” The king said.
“Yes, Your Majesty,” he said, bowing to the king.”Nequitia are demons from the netherworld, they only come out at night and eat any people or animals they can kill.”
“How do they get here?” Range asked.
“They are brought forth by the same magic as any other demon,” he said as if Range were some dimwitted schoolchild.”They are strange. Each demon produces fear like we would produce sweat on a hot day. The more of them there are, the more fear created, eventually driving people either out of the city, or mad. As they feed they reproduce. So every night there are more and more of them. They cannot enter into private homes, only public places. When the sun comes up the next morning they are gone again. People think their fears are in their head, but since they cannot sleep…it’s more of an infestation than a conjuring”
“We need Ooln’s oil,” Range said to himself.”Or can you priests just kill the demons?”
“We have only ten priests here. We cannot kill all of the Nequitia. We will need Ooln’s oil. You seemed to have had plenty before,” the priest said.
“Good observation,” Range said.
“Why would a priest give you Ooln’s oil?”Lanife asked.
“Who cares?” Cortibis said. 
“So an Osaban Priest did this,” Range said. Was it the same priest chasing after him?Did he cause this? Was the priest still trying to get him but now using other methods?The Sword! He had left it out in the city!”
“I wonder if that mage had anything to do with this?” Lanife asked the king.
“A mage using godmagic?” Rexillion said.”Doesn’t seem likely.”
“You had a mage here?” Range asked, forgetting proper address of the king.
“Yes. Only a few nights ago,” Rexillion said.
“Do you know his name, Your Majesty?”
“Lazerek. He is older, and wears the cobalt of the Praeceptor.He has white hair and a short beard hugs his face.He has a mean spirit about him, contemptible in any other profession, but apparently sought in his. His lackey is one Gidas of Latrare.Gidas sees imbued with his master’s spirit, but he has one of his own.”
Lazerek. That was the name of the mage. Gidas. Okay. Now how did they fit with the Osaban priest? He was still missing some important part of all this. But if the mage was using godmagic, what did that tell him? Nothing really. The mage was heading to Spadix. Why? 
“King Rexillion,” Range asked.”Do you know of his quest?”
“He hunts for the three Swords of Saddig.I only learned this after he left. I received a letter from the Queen of Kitarssis telling me about it,” Rexillion said.”But enough of this talking. I need to get my men pulled back and a message to all my people to stay in doors at night. Who will notify my man-at-arms, Crantor, with this message? The longer we wait to pull my men back, the more I will lose.” 
“I will go, my king,” Cortibis said. 
“Am I indeed your king?”Rexillion asked.
“Aye that you are. I am born and raised in Rodol.So please forgive any trespasses, Your Majesty,” he said bowing. 
“Nothing to forgive. If your honor holds while you check on my man-at-arms, I shall be most grateful.” The king told Cortibis where to go to locate Crantor.
“Be careful,” Range said to him.
Lanife approached Cortibis.”Here.” He pulled a vial from his robes containing Ooln’s oil. Cortibis took the vial and slipped out. 
King Rexillion turned his attention to Rolin.”You are far from home.”
“I am,” Rolin said.
“From what Yedno do you hail?”Rexillion asked him.
“From the Proshe Yedno Peevo.”
“Excellent,” the king said.He gave his wife a hug and then went to a table filled with goblets and bottles.
The king poured them all a glass of his brandy.They drank while waiting for Cortibis to return.
“So tell me, why were you out tonight?” Rexillion asked.
“We are traveling north to pass on news of a friend’s death.”
“Where from?” 
“Spadix.”
“Ah, Count Cassik.”
“Yes sir,” Range said.
“Please continue.”
“Our friend was murdered and he hails from Romus. We are heading there to deliver the news.”
“So why were you out tonight?”
“We spent the last night in the city and experienced the fear for ourselves. We wanted to know what it was so we climbed a building to see.”
“Curiosity is a dangerous thing.”
“It is, Your Majesty.”
“What then?”
“We saw your soldiers fighting the demons and how their weapons were ineffective. I had some Ooln’s oil given to me by my priest and knew if we didn’t help, then all of your men would be slaughtered.”
“Why would a priest give you Ooln’s oil? Seems an odd thing to give a person,” the king asked.
Range had not thought out that part of the story. His mind was not as sharp as usual; the pain was trying to swallow him up, again.”My friend was killed by an Osaban priest and my priest thought if one was in the vicinity and I was traveling with my family, that I would need its protection.” 
The king clearly did not buy this, but said nothing.”I see. So where is your family now?” 
Well my daughter is dead, Range thought.”They are going to my wife’s family.”
“You did not leave them in Spadix?”
The king was pressing his story. Range was unprepared.”Aye, Your Majesty. With murder happening I did not want to leave my family there unprotected.”
“Smart thinking,” the king said.”And then your fighting brought you to the palace.”
“It did, Your Majesty.”
Range was beginning to wonder about the safety of Cortibis.He was also worried about the Sword. He had left it under that barrel, far from safe. He still felt sickly. He knew he had a fever and his thinking was suspect. 
“You look as if you still feel unwell. As soon as the castle is secured, we will get you to one of my healers,” the king said.
“My thanks, Your Majesty. At some point we will need to fetch our supplies.” 
The King looked at him, pondering.”It would be unsafe to send you out into the night.You’ve saved my family. I will simply restock your supplies.”
Range really needed to get that Sword.”Thank you, Your Majesty, but we have some tokens that are from our friend who is now dead. We wanted to take them to his family in Romus. They are irreplaceable.”
“Aye, I see the dilemma.Perhaps when your man gets back, we can see what the status of the palace is and you may get your things.I would expect you to return, however.I wish to reward you for my family’s life.”
“You Majesty, we need no reward,” Range said.
“You will return, and that is the command of the king.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
Rexillion turned to Lanife.”How long until daylight?”
“About two hours, Your Majesty.” 
“Where is my man-at-arms?” Rexillion said to the ceiling.
They waited for a while longer. Range was getting very concerned about Cortibis and the Sword. He entertained the thought of actually losing the Sword. Let someone else take it and do what he will, but then again was the dilemma. What if someone got it and used it for ill.He would be the one responsible for whatever happened.He couldn’t—no wouldn’t—have that.But it would be nice to be without the horrid thing.
Just when Range was about to ask the king if he could go check on Cortibis, a knock came at the door.
“Who comes?”Lanife yelled.
“Cortibis! And Crantor!” came the muffled voice from behind the door.
Range felt a flood of relief.
As the two men entered, he saw Cortibis holding the gray bundle of the Sword with their other supplies.He felt relief and anguish.
“What kept you?” Range asked.
“Had to pick up our stuff,” Cortibis said, smiling.”Crantor and a large troop of men helped me. I ran out of oil quickly.”
Crantor looked about forty and solid as a rock.The lines on his face were from weather and smiling.
“Crantor. Well met. What is the news?” Rexillion asked.
“It is good to see you are well, Your Majesty,” Crantor said, bowing.”I fear I do not bring good news.”
“Let’s hear it,” Rexillion said.
“Those Nequitia cut our troops almost in half.”
Rexillion stood and began pacing.”Half!” He turned to Lanife.”Get me that oil, and get it quick. How long will it take for you to make it?”
“The spell and mixing the oil will take about five hours, Your Majesty.” 
“Did you order all of our troops back?” he asked Crantor.
“Aye, Your Majesty, just as you ordered. All men have been pulled back and into the palace. We have cleared the palace with what little oil we had, and locked every way in and out.”
“Meanwhile, my people are subjected to this evil.I want to find out who did this,” he said to no one in particular.”And they will pay.”




.



CHAPTER 18


They couldn’t glare at each other forever.
They had met with Nowata that afternoon—but never passed the group of men traveling between them.Lazerek ranted and raved forever. They had set up camp and Lazerek called Nowata and Gidas into his tent.
Nowata had told his part of the story. He and Lazerek were now standing in the tent, glaring at each other.If looks could inflict pain, both men would be writhing.
“I do not believe you,” Lazerek finally said.
Nowata said nothing.
“Your story is too preposterous,” Lazerek said.
“Believe what you will,” Nowata said.
Lazerek took a step toward the priest. Nowata did not back down. They were the same height, Lazerek’s white hair starkly contrasted by the Osaban priest’s black outfit. Nowata’s mask covered his face, only his burning eyes revealed.
“Lo would be happy to have one of his favorite priests with him,” Lazerek said.
“If you can find the person strong enough to put me there, direct me to him,” Nowata said.
Lazerek scrunched his face.The oddest thing: normally Lazerek would have already blown his cool by now, yet here he was, holding back. Why? Gidas once more wondered just exactly what was going on here. 
The two men stood almost nose-to-nose for what seemed like forever. Gidas wondered if they even knew he was in the tent.They had to. There was far too much left unsaid. What was the missing piece of this puzzle?
“I have a Platen woman here in camp,” Lazerek said. What Platen woman? Gidas didn’t know of any Platen woman. 
“Bring her in then, we shall settle this now,” Nowata said.Gidas had to admit the priest was bold. Was he telling the truth?
“Hope that I do not. She can smell lies,” Lazerek said.
Lazerek leaned toward Nowata.Nowata did not back down.Gidas thought this little show of braggadocio ridiculous. Just fight and get it over with.
A thought occurred to him: They were not saying everything they wanted. 
Why?
The answer: he was there.For some reason, there was information that Lazerek would not even share with his adjutant.
“You will not change any of your story?” Lazerek asked.
“When you tell the truth there is nothing to change,” Nowata said.
“You went into town, killed a person, and then chased after some people that left around the same time. That’s it.That’s your story,” Lazerek said.
Nowata stood.
“Why did you kill the person in the town?” Lazerek asked.
“Why does the grass grow?” the priest asked.
“I forbade any action on your part.”
“Any action concerning the Sword.”
Lazerek chewed on that for a moment,”You still give no good reason for why you lost them.”
“I have two of my minions following their wagon right now.”
“But why didn’t we see the wagon? Did they turn off to the east or the west?”
“Once I recall my minions, they will tell me.”
“So why didn’t you follow the wagon? You can sense the Sword! How can you let it get away?” Lazerek asked.
“Do you do everything in this camp? Or do you have your people do it?” Nowata asked.
“How. Did. They. Get. By. Me?” Lazerek asked.
“You’re not as young as you used to be,” Nowata said.
“Who is?” Lazerek asked. Small emanations of power were zipping between his fingers. 
“You passed no one between the time I spoke to you and now?” Nowata asked.
“No one,” Lazerek said.But Gidas knew that was wrong, and the look on Lazerek’s face said the same thing.They had passed no one, but they had sent out a small number of men to investigate something Lazerek had sensed on the side of the road.
The group of men never returned.Gidas had even sent men back to look.What could have dispatched a group of Sicari?Maybe riparions? Maybe something else.
Lazerek turned from the Osaban, tension in the room eased. Nowata still did not move.
“I want you to find your minions and determine where that wagon went,” Lazerek said.”I want to know by tomorrow night.”
Nowata said nothing, but walked out of the tent.He showed no signs of emotions. Gidas hated him for it.
“Gidas, prepare the troops to turn around. We’re heading back north,” Lazerek said.
“Master, do you think our missing men have something to do with—”
“Of course they do! There can be no other explanation.”
“I will tell the troops and also plan on a search of the are where we sent the men out.”
“Make it so.”
Gidas stepped out into the cold night. He could just see Nowata riding into the darkness.
Good riddance.




.





CHAPTER 19

Hamilcar new he would kill Hutch. 
They were getting close to the land of the Zmarly. Hamilcar and Hutch had been traveling together now for six days. Hutch knew of a pass through the mountains called Telusian.It apparently was the only way to get to the other side that did not require extensive, time-consuming climbing. Good thing Hutch knew that. If not, he’d already be dead.
Hamilcar could feel time slipping away.He had to locate the temple soon. If the Sword was there or not, it didn’t matter. He had to either mark it off the list, or mark it as the spot. 
He sat in his small tent, huddling around a tired little lamp he had absconded. The diminutive flame was trying hard to fight back the cold.This night would prove to be the coldest of the season.He hugged his blankets tight and took a sip of his coffee, hot and sweet and good.
Tonight was the scheduled loqua meeting with his partner, who had hopefully made some progress.He had no information to pass along. 
Hamilcar took a few more sips of coffee. He had had them put his tent away from the others. He wanted some privacy.Things would be simpler if no one knew the truth. 
After a time, he blew out his lamp, tied his tent door shut and covered with his blanket.The blanket was rough and itchy, but Hutch had some bizarre idea that, if the men could rough it, then so could they! So no soft blankets, no pillows. What a boring man.Hutch was pulling a wagon whose wheels were about to come off.
Hamilcar guessed most of the camp was asleep now and his meeting would go unnoticed. 
He was lying on his right side under the blanket and pulled the small stone from his hidden pocket.He placed it in his right hand and the purple-blue light to which he had grown accustomed began to fill the blanket with an eerie luminance.In the cool light he could see the upper torso of his partner. 
“Hamilcar how goes the hunt?” the familiar voice asked.
“Not to well.We are still traveling east toward the land of the Zmarly.My traveling companion is adamant about locating this Telusian Pass. He seems to believe it’s the most expeditious way to enter their land.”
“I believe he is correct.Any other way and you would have to endure at least a week of scaling mountain walls. You would probably lose at least half your men in the process.That would be ill fortune with you entering the land of the Zmarly.”
“I am on the verge of killing this man. I wish to be rid of him,” Hamilcar blurted in a moment of exasperation.
“Stay with this Hutch, and do not let him onto what you are planning. Keep your men on alert at all times.Do not kill Hutch and his men before you obtain the location of the Temple of Saddig. They can be a target for Zmarly if you need to battle.”
“I will keep myself and my men in check.The Swords are worth more to us than my emotions.” But he would still kill that pompous lout.
“We must stay focused.”
“So tell me, how goes it on your end?”
“As well as can be expected.Some things occurred that give me concern, but overall everything is going well. You concentrate on your end. Once you have located the Temple, then many things will come together for us.”
“I will attempt to control myself.”
“When do you anticipate being in the Zmarly lands?”
“We are just outside of Schuff by about half a day.I would say in four days at the most.”
“Very well. We will meet again then.”
“Good hunting.”
“And to you.” 
The light faded and he tucked the stone back into his pocket. He turned onto his back and began thinking of the same things he’d been thinking since he was a teenager.The things he would do with the Three Swords.He fell asleep with thoughts of power dancing in his head.

The next morning Hamilcar was awakened by one of his men with the rap on his tent pole.Hutch had demanded they were up and on their way before sunup every morning.Hamilcar had instructed his men he was to be awakened as late as possible.He hated getting up early in the morning. Despised it really. If the gods had meant for them to get up before the sun, then they would have placed torches on their heads. 
He rolled over and sat up, scratching the sleep out of his eyes. His body was attuning itself to the rough journey.His aches and pains were due primarily to the poor sleeping conditions.His muscles were growing taut again, and his rear end was getting used to the saddle. The flab around his midsection was quickly retreating and he actually felt better than he had since being with Talitha.He missed her every day. 
Hamilcar had never been a good traveling companion. He preferred to be left alone on long journeys and think on things of concern. Hutch loved to ride and talk endlessly about adventures he had been on, and enemies he had vanquished and whole bags of nothing. 
Hamilcar stood up and stretched, his arms scraping the top of the tent.He shook off the shiver that ran down his spine. The night had gotten cold enough to freeze water he ventured.His nose was frozen. He wiggled it to make certain he could still feel it. Why had they decided to go on the hunt for the Swords during the winter?
“Get me some hot coffee!” he bellowed to the guard standing outside of his tent. 
He heard scurrying of feet as the soldier made for the coffee. 
He didn’t always ask for coffee in the morning.
A few moments later the soldier returned.
“Your coffee, Baron!” he said.
“Aye, thanks.”

Hutch and his men were ready before Hamilcar’s men. Every morning Hutch’s soldiers would have to wait while the Baron’s men broke camp and packed up everything.Hamilcar lorded it over Hutch, though neither man would bring it up.
They mounted up and began the trek southeast again. The Telusian pass was only about three or four days, if they rode with haste.The rolling hills of the area were a refreshing change from the thick woods they had been in.No road led from Schuff to the pass so they had to ride through the wild, over hills and dells. Hamilcar preferred this type of travel to plodding down a dirt road, kicking up dust.
The wind patrolling the area was brisk and blustery but not frigid.The Athanaya Mountains could be seen to the east as they serpentined southward, formidable even from this distance. Their gray hazy forms hunkered down, waiting. Come, they said, try to best me, try to climb over.
“Baron Hamilcar!” Hutch yelled from ahead.”Come see this!”
Hamilcar grumbled to himself about the inconsideration of others and the belligerence of captains in general. He kicked his horse forward to see what in the name of Zora, Hutch had found. He pushed past the group of men centered on something standing in the grassy ground. 
There was a huge, white stone, flat on top, tall and wide as a man’s back.There was a picture carved of two battling men on the front. One of them had a baldhead and the other held a shield with a lion on it. 
“What does this mean?”Hamilcar asked no one in particular.
“Aye, that is a good question,” Hutch replied.”That bald one there is a Zmarly warrior. I am not certain who the other is.That Lion emblem is one I have not seen before.”
“The lion insignia is of the ancient house of the Dalexch,” Hamilcar said.
“Ah. Then this stone must be at least five hundred years old.”
“That’s about right.The Dalexch ruled the entire land for almost a thousand years before it was broken up.They were a conquesting people and attacked the Zmarly two thousand years ago.Many on each side were lost.The Zmarly people were victorious and no one has attacked them since.”
“The Zmarly have been there for over two thousand years?” Hutch asked.
“They are an ancient race.”
“Then we shall have to sprinkle sweet words on their ears and heap bountiful gifts upon their heads when we meet them!”Hutch cried.
Hamilcar cringed inwardly. He was not looking forward to the coming meeting with the Zmarly.The boastful and ignorant speech of Hutch was doing nothing to mollify his growing unease. The land that occupied the other side of those awful mountains stood and waited for him. 
“So what does it mean?” Hamilcar asked again.
“I guess we will know once we go over,” Hutch said, looking at the mountains.
“Perhaps.”
Hutch turned back to Hamilcar.”Baron, we need to step up our speed. Will that be any problem with you and your men?”
“I think we can keep up.”
“We will be riding fast.”
“Ride as hard as you wish, captain, do not worry about us. We will be there, like a shadow, the entire way.Get me to the Telusian Pass and I will take the lead from there.”He spun about and walked stiffly to his horse.
Soon they were tearing over the land that flew by in a blur.Hamilcar blanked out all thought and focused on the riding. He would do away with that damnable Hutch soon enough.Then he’d have a reckoning with King Andard as well.Once the Swords were his he would be more a terror and scourge than all of the Dalexch combined. All would either fall before him or join him.He would be the undisputed King of the lands.A huge castle would be built for him between Rommel and Kitarssis. He would rule and all would pay homage or die. The thought warmed him and his spirit lifted.The sun was beginning its descent behind the horizon.The night was going to be a chilled one.
Hutch called a stop to the troops and they pulled up. 
“We shall camp here for the night,” he called.
The men began to dismount and set up camp.
Hutch steered clear of Hamilcar.Hamilcar was glad for that.He just wanted to be left alone. 
The camp was set up and the cook served up a warm and robust stew filed with vegetables, roots and rabbit.The food was so good Hamilcar had one of his men get him a second helping.He drank deeply from his canteen.Hutch had warned them that water would be scarce on the other side of the mountains.Hamilcar had plenty and if he didn’t, he’d just kill part of Hutch’s men and take their water.
After he finished his second bowl of stew he walked off into the night by himself.The sky was clear and the stars twinkled.He pulled out his pipe and filled it with his favorite weed.He lit it with quickflint and puffed silently in the night. The moon was at its half point in the month and he could see miles in every direction from the rise on which he stood.The monolithic mountains hunched silently less than three days away.Just as soon as Hutch found the Pass he was so adamant about, they would penetrate and be on the other side.He wondered silently if the mountains were as overpowering and foreboding on the other side. 

Three days later, the mountains grew. 

The Athanaya Mountains stood ominously over the troop of men; which suddenly seemed insignificant.Snow covered the upper elevations. Weeds and scrub bushes populated the base. No grass grew and only a few trees fought through. The wind seemed to anticipate their arrival and began whipping about madly.Hamilcar thought he heard a wolf howl in the distance, but it may have been just the wind.From where he was, the mountains looked to be right upon them, but he knew they were still a few hours away. 
“The pass is just a short trail to the north of here.” Hutch yelled over to him from his horse. 
“Can we traverse it tonight?”Hamilcar asked not looking at the man.
“Possibly.The sun will set soon, but the pass is cut low through the mountain and easily traversable.We need not go too high in elevation to get to the other side.”
“Then let’s be about it.” 
They rode for another hour and Hutch called a stop. He turned to his men.”Let us all rest here for a short time.Dismount and stretch your legs. There will be no stopping once we get into the Telusian Pass.Nightfall will await us on the other side. So stand ready!Once through we will look for a place to hole up.”
The men dismounted, all but Hamilcar. He was itching to get to the other side of the mountains.This was just a step in the right direction, not a destination.He was so close to the Sword that he could almost feel it. At least he hoped. In his mind he could picture it sitting on some huge dais in a temple, a beam of light shining down upon it.He pictured himself picking it up and releasing its power on all who opposed him.He smiled. 
After a short while Hutch ordered the men to remount and proceed.The ground steadily rose up to meet the mountain.Hamilcar could see no pass and was wondering if it was indeed possible that one did exist and how anyone could have located it in all of these colossal mountains.
The land grew rockier and Hamilcar noticed Hutch being more careful with the path he chose. The mountains stood directly before the group of men.If seen from a distance they would appear as ants slowly crawling up a huge hill.The sun’s light was shining from behind and lit the way.Hamilcar was concerned with the amount of daylight left. 
As they climbed, the wind steadily increased to a strong gale.Hamilcar tightened his coat and gave his horse a reassuring pat on the neck.The land grew harsher as they traveled.Muddled browns and grays intertwined with a medley of oranges and umbers.Rocks that had slid down from upper reaches littered the area, a stark reminder of what waited for the unwary and ill prepared.Hamilcar stared above them into the far reaches and looked for any other boulders prepared to fall.His eyes were untrained and he could discern nothing but the long crevasses and crusty upper reaches that created the mountain.Suddenly it occurred to him if someone were up there on the mountain they would be able to see him and his men climbing.What startled him more: he would not be able to see them above him.He forced his thoughts to the task at hand. If there were bandits or rogues out there watching them, there was nothing he could do about it now. 
They appeared to be heading for a huge wall of stone.Far ahead he could see Hutch moving, leading the men up the mountain toward the inexplicably formed wall of rock. 
Suddenly Hutch made a sharp turn to the left and disappeared. 
Hamilcar blinked and stood up in his saddle to get a better view.Row after row of men disappeared as well.They turned to the left and were gone. He pushed his horse ahead to get a better look. As he neared the magnificent wall it suddenly occurred to him that the actual formation of the wall was positioned such that it looked like a solid piece.The gap was only visible if a person was standing just to the left of it.Anyone looking from down the base of the mountain would only think it was a solid piece of stone.
Beyond the first steps it opened up, and light shone in from above.A tight squeeze, but it appeared to widen as it progressed. 
Before he stepped into the Telusian Pass he turned and looked back down the mountain. 
They had only come up about one thousand feet.But the view was awesome.He could see for miles to the west and to the north.He was impressed with the late afternoon sunlight as it cascaded down upon the land.Soon the winter would be here and the green would be gone.Hamilcar soaked in as much as his mind could remember. He turned and entered the Telusian Pass. 

The pass was a tight squeeze but his horse was able to make it through the first opening.The pass was deep and vegetated mostly by scrub weeds and plants.Periodically, pebbles and showers of orange dirt would rain down. Far, far above him the top of the pass and a ribbon of sky peered down. The sun’s light would soon be gone, leaving a deep and dangerous darkness.He could feel an anxiety build up as they rode.He kept looking above; waiting for the inevitable fall of boulders he knew must come. The walls were making him claustrophobic and he began to feel the tickle of panic.How did air get this deep into the pass? Was there enough to breathe? His lungs begin to constrict, getting smaller and smaller. 
The Telusian Pass wound back and forth, causing Hamilcar to feel as if it were trapping him on all four sides.He was growing more and more anxious by the moment, his heart ramming in his chest. He had the mad idea of bolting toward the exit. The claustrophobia would only get worse after the sun had set.He broke out in a cold, greasy sweat. His breathing became more and more labored.He remembered how he would never let his brother cover his head with leaves when they played outside their home.He couldn’t breathe with even that thin layer of leaves over his head. 
The men in front stopped, and his heart almost leapt from his chest.He could not get a breath. He pulled his collar away from his neck. Why had they stopped?What was going on ahead?The men in front had made a corner and he could not make his way past to find out what in the blazes was stopping them.He wanted to berate the men blocking the way, but he could not gather a breath.The fear of being trapped in this abysmal pass was about to drive him out of his head.He frantically fought his way forward, men finally pushing against the side of the canyon as he forced his way through.His throat was tight and his breathing was almost done.He had never experienced such an acute case of claustrophobia before. He must get out!
As he rounded the corner, it became apparent why they were stopped.His breaths became shallower and his heart rocked. 
A rockslide had fallen in the pass, blocking their way.
Hutch was inspecting the pile.”Looks like we are going to have do some digging.” 
Hutch was having no problems breathing and Hamilcar hated him even more for it. 
Suddenly from behind they heard loud thunder of stone and rumble of boulders. Hutch drove his horse by Hamilcar and as he rounded the corner a huge cloud of dust and debris engulfed him.They were trapped. Hamilcar passed out and fell off his horse.
He awoke, he was drowsy, his head hurt. Did he hit it? He saw ropes dropped from above, the ropes tapping quietly on the rocky walls.Figures descended the ropes and landed without effort on the floor of the pass.How long had he been out? What had happened? The figures held staffs out, ready for attack. Carefully they began moving about the dead men.Dead men? Hamilcar swooned for a moment, loosing all thoughts.He opened his eyes again. They were spirits moving through the dusty cloud. They made no sound. No crunching of rocks under boots, no heavy breathing, no speaking. Their faces were inscrutable in the sullen dust. One bent over Hamilcar.
“Moolout shendaya effburt feris toom,” he said.
“Weko nyan grapie mih diw su!” another voice said through the dust. 
Hamilcar, now barely awake, heard the speech with a knot of dread. These were Zmarly. And they took no prisoners. 
Two more Zmarly dragged two other prostrate men where Hamilcar lay. He guessed they wanted to kill them all at once. 
Sure enough, they ripped open the first man’s tunic and drove a sharpened stake through his chest.The man lurched one last time and then fell limply to the dirt. Hamilcar could not tell if it was one of his men.He really didn’t care.He was trying frantically to think of something. He could not get a good breath. What had been claustrophobia was replaced with fear and a will to live.Thick dust clung to the air and he could not grab a breath. He coughed once and gave up the sleeping ruse.
Hamilcar fought to get up, but his actions were merely taken as resistance. The Zmarly moved to him.He was too weak to battle for his own life and helplessness beat at him with a fist of anger. He sucked in a deep breath, only to cough it out again in a burning thunder of air. Two Zmarly grabbed him and held him down. They ripped his shirt, and he watched in horror as another lifted the bloody stake, ready to strike.
No! Not this way!He squished his eyes closed, not wanting to see the killing thrust. He hated to die this way, weak, unmanned.
“Nye! Nye! Gret nyan brast mih!” came a voice over the shoulder of the first man. 
“Terribum too Saddigi! Werso nyan mootis!” another voice said. 
“Tu! Thwa shiow go chechen?”The three men standing over him peered.They seemed to have a look of awe, fear and anger all at once. Hamilcar looked up at them. Why did they stop?He should be dead.He should be.He got mad again.
A small groan next to him made him look over.
Damn it!It was Hutch. Of all the people!Hamilcar chastised himself.The man may come in useful later on.Perhaps.He looked up at the men who were now six in number.They stood over him, staring.
Hutch sat up and looked about.He saw the six Zmarly and almost stood up, but caught himself.“What are they doing?” 
“I don’t know.” His voice was still raw from the intake of dirt and grime.He coughed.
“What are they looking at?” Hutch asked.”What’s got them so spooked?”
“Who knows?” Hamilcar said, lying back down.
Hutch looked over at him.”Hey, where did you get that mark?”
Hamilcar looked up at him.”Why?”
“That’s what they’re looking at,” he said, indicating the Zmarly.
Hamilcar lifted up and looked down at his chest.
The tattoo was there-- An equilateral triangle with a star at each point.Each star was inked black.The middle of the triangle was sectioned into three parts, which were colored red, green and blue.
“That’s just wonderful,” Hamilcar said.



.





CHAPTER 20

Range had anticipated it would take him six days to get to Rommel and he was not wrong.On the morning he awoke from more nightmares of Zoë and Lucan, eight days had passed since leaving Spadix.That was six days traveling and two days recovering.Now he needed to get out of this castle, and on the road.
His room was well endowed with all the finest amenities. Each wall was stone meticulously hewn into miniature and obscure shapes and designs. The ceiling of the room was a strange dome that held the heat in.Intricate patterns carved from each corner of the room, climaxed at the center of the dome in a design he could not quite fathom. A large lamp, which could be lowered, lit, and then raised again by a rope, also occupied the center of the dome. 
His bed was soft and the sheets were clean and crisp.His washbasin was of the finest pearl pounded and buffed to a shine. His mirror was polished so well his image in it was hardly distorted.He noticed the room had stayed quite warm, even though his own fire had gone out.The King informed him they had a vast heating and cooling system throughout the castle, built during his grandfather’s reign. 
Range understood, from their middle-of-the-night dinner talk, the cellars and basement of the great castle housed a dual-purpose device that both heated during the winter, and assisted with the cooling during the summer.There were cavities throughout the castle walls that led down to the cellars.During extremely cold spells, the men who worked the great machine burned an enormous load of wood.Once they got a great fire started, they then had two other men who were on a paddle wheel.The turning of the paddles caused the heated air to be drawn up into the building’s empty cavities and warmed the walls from the inside.During the hot summer months they simply ran the machine without the fire, and it circulated the cool cellar air throughout the castle’s walls.King Rexillion had told him the cooling effect worked quite well. He even had them cut a grate in the wall of his sleeping quarters, so the air could flow in more readily. 
Range got out of his bed very late and squished his toes into the luxurious carpet.He dropped to his knees and said his morning prayer to Ooln.He had gotten out of the habit of praying to his god on a daily basis.When he was done he stretched and moved toward the privy next to his room.He had never seen a place to relieve himself located in the same room as a bath, the two most opposite human functions in one place.The bath was very strange, having an odd nozzle out of the wall and a handle that could be turned so that water shot out into the tub. The tub sat on a device that could hold bundles of wood.There were four bundles of wood to the right of the tub. He marveled at the ingenuity and wondered how they got the water piped into the castle.He would have to ask the King how it was accomplished.
He placed one of the bundles of wood under the tub but could not figure out how to light it.He was still in a quandary when a knock came at his door.
“Sire, have you found everything to your liking?” the serving person asked. Her hands were placed in a pleading position.
“It’s wonderful. I do have a question.”
“Yes?” 
“How do I light the wood for the bath?”
“Does your stick not work sir?” she asked.
“What stick?”
“The light stick next to your bath tub,” she said. 
“I had no idea it was there.”
“There is a stick on the left side of the tub. Simply touch it to the wood.”
“Just touch it to the wood?”
“Yes sir, it is a magic stick made for lighting of wood.”
“Okay. Thank you.”
He had no other issues, she left and he returned to the bathroom.He found the stick and touched it to the bundle. Sure enough, they lit up like drenched in oil. He put the stick back in its place and waited for the water to get warm. 
He used the soap provided, its spicy scent getting him good and clean.He removed the bandage from his puckered wound, letting the water flow over the ugly purple and bruised skin. The water dripping into the tub was the only sound. He leaned back, putting his head on the back of the tub, and relaxed.
Thoughts of his daughter continued to creep up on him.He continually wished he could go back and change what had happened.Impossibility gnawed at him like an unrelenting rat. He tried to shrug it off and almost succeeded. He said another prayer to Ooln.
Range dried himself and dressed in his clean clothes, which had been washed by the staff. After they had eaten dinner lat night, he visited the King’s healers and they had done wonders for his wounds. He was to go see them again this morning after he bathed.
He checked himself in the mirror. He looked clean and haggard.His black hair was too long and his face was in need of a shave he could not bring himself to begin. He scratched his whiskers. Yes, they would do well as a reminder of his daughter and friend.They would be an excellent reminder. He would shave when vengeance had been served. He checked the hidden place where he had put the Sword of Saddig and it was safe. 
“It’ll be safe,” he said, and left the room. 
The hall his room opened to was long and wide. He thought it incomprehensible that he could not see either end.He estimated it would take at least half of an hour to walk from one end to the other. He turned left, appropriate torches paced his way. The hall was thick with quiet. Sometimes people talking, babies crying and children laughing, crept up like old memories. The air was fresh, but still.He felt as if he were still in a room and not a drafty, dank hall. The stairs he was to take appeared a few feet ahead. As he approached them, a door opened and a young man, shaped like a broom, entered the hall.Range caught a glimpse of a young woman in the room, half-dressed. He quickly diverted his eyes but not quickly enough for the young man. 
“Keep your eyes and you ears to yourself, peasant,” the young man said. This was probably the son King Rexillion had told him about. Range wondered where the boy had been when the attack occurred. No doubt in the arms of the young lady. The boy was not more than fifteen and chock full of pride in his red tunic. If he was sowing his royal oats it was none of Range’s business. 
Range said nothing but moved toward the stairs. 
“Did you hear me, peasant?”Uh oh.This was going to get ugly.He didn’t need any more problems. 
He stopped and turned toward the young man.”Aye, I heard you.”
He turned to leave, but the young prince reached up and pulled his huge shoulder around. The pain caused him to wince.
“Hold there!” the prince said in a commanding voice, completely wasted on Range.”I believe you forgot something.”He stood with his hands on his hips.Why this morning? All Range wanted to do was get out of this castle, not conflict with the crown prince of Rommel.
Another door opened down the hall and Cortibis stepped out.Range watched him approach. 
“Good morning,” Cortibis said to boy and man. 
“Good morning,” Range said.
The Prince stood there and stared as if one of them had slapped him in the face. Range almost did.
“You two are a daring bunch!” the Prince said. 
Cortibis cocked a loose eye at Range,”And why might that be, lad?” he said with the hint of a smile creeping up his face. 
“On your knees, peasants!” The prince pointed to the floor. 
Range and Cortibis looked at each other. Cortibis smiled.Range shook his head slightly. 
“Who might you be?”Cortibis asked. 
“I am Prince Remillion, Son of King Rexillion, heir to the throne.So if you two do not wish to be thrown into the dungeon, then I suggest you get on your knees and bow to your Prince!”
Range was not in the mood for this. 
“Why must we drop to our knees, if I may be so bold, young prince?” Cortibis asked.Why must the man add fuel to the fire?Why can’t he just leave it alone?Range wanted to slap him and the prince.
“Blatant disregard for the throne! That could be construed as treason,” the prince said.
About that time, two burly looking guards happened around the corner.Just in time to hear the Prince’s last statement. 
“Your highness is there a problem here?”The uglier one said.Range groaned.
“Yes.”The prince stood taller. A gleam entered his eye and he frowned a grin.”These two peasants have decided to not follow a direct order given to them by the Prince. I want them on their knees, and I want it now!” His voice cracked on the now! 
The two guards, loyal to the throne, moved toward Cortibis and Range. Range and Cortibis took a few steps back. 
“We’re not wanting trouble here, friend,” Cortibis said, holding his hands out.
Range stopped and readied himself for a fight.Damned if he was going to drop to a knee for a spoiled and immature prince desperately needing a switch to the behind.The two guards should not provide too much trouble. 
The first guard tried to get behind Cortibis who turned with him.As soon as the guard laid his hands on him, Cortibis did some exotic move and turned to the side, causing the guard to be tossed over his shoulder.The huge guard let out a whoop as he landed forcefully on the ground.
“Listen, friend. I told you we don’t want any trouble,” Cortibis said.
The ugly guard tried to hug Range like a bear, but Range ducked, kicked his foot, and punched him in the jaw, causing the enormous man to fall over. With both of the guards on the floor the prince was apoplectic. 
“Get up you dumb oafs!Get up and make them bow to me!Idiots! You’re both fired! Get out of the castle now! Go!” He kicked them both a few times and was down the stairs in a flurry of opulent robes. 
The guards got their feet, gave Range and Cortibis one quick glance and then were down the stairs themselves.The ugly one was muttering something about getting even with…while glaring daggers over his shoulder at the two men.Range ignored him.Just what he didn’t need: more enemies.
“Well, what do you think about that?” Cortibis asked.
“I think you need to watch what you say,” Range said.
Cortibis frowned.”Sorry?” 
“We are running from a mage, carrying a special item, and trying to stay out of sight. And you go starting something with the prince.”
“I didn’t mean to--.”
“Just remember: always be amicable to everyone you meet. Not too much. Not enough where they’ll remember you. Just enough to not get them mad.”
“Okay.” Cortibis nodded.
“Two things people remember about you, whether you made them mad or happy. Make them neither and they will forget you moments later.”
“I will do that from now on.” 
“Thank you.” Range didn’t like having to chastise the man, but what else was he to do?
“That Prince is one arrogant little whip,” Cortibis said.
“That he is. Let’s get going, I need to go see the healers again.”
“How is it?”Cortibis asked.
“Good, but I think that woman did just as well.”
They walked down the stairs and curved around a few more turns and corners.Finally they came to the enormous healer’s quarters. Two huge doors were thrown open and a toasty yellow light spilled onto the dark hall floor. 
The room itself was a wonderful testament to the healing profession. Everywhere Range looked he could see potions and herbs, lining the walls and filling wooden crates.Two stone tables were overrun with clear beakers and glass tubes. Red and blue potions were bubbling over small candles. The air smelled sterile and tart. Two healers stood over Rolin, working on his arm.Rolin saw Range and nodded.He looked rejuvenated. His baldhead looked freshly shaven and his topknot re-braided.The night’s rest and healer’s herbs must have done their job.
“You look hale,” Cortibis said patting Rolin on his good side.
“Aye, these healers are adept at their trade,” he said in the flat, accent-laden tone. 
One of the healers, a small stick woman, motioned for Range to sit at a table. 
He sat and pulled his tunic away.The healer began to silently work on the wound. She used different potions and some powders.Finally she wrapped it up with some clean bandages and tied it off. The wound felt better and not as stiff.He thanked her and the three men left.
Cortibis told Rolin about what had happened with the prince.
“We should stay clear,” Rolin said. 
“Agreed,” Range said. 
They made their way to the ground floor and received directions to the King’s chambers. King Rexillion was about to address the court for the day and hear the pleas of the common man. 
“Lot of marble here,” Cortibis said, inspecting the pillars, walls and floor.
The King was sitting on his throne and a small group of people surrounded him in an imbroglio.They were all talking at once, voices careened through the room and the King finally stood up and yelled,”Enough!” 
Silence hit the hall like a slap from a mean hand.
The King spotted Range and his men.
“You three, please come here.” He motioned for them to join the crowd around him.
As they walked closer, Range could see the group consisted of the Prince, two other young men he presumed were squires, an elderly gentleman who looked to be an advisor and a few hardy looking soldiers. All of them eyed Range and his men with a look of distrust. Crantor stood next to the throne, oblivious.
“Them!”Prince Remillion yelled, pointing. 
The King gave him a tired look.
“I hope your rest was well. I apologize for the poor welcome you received this morning.Sometimes the over-zealousness of my son puts him in unique situations.” He shot the Prince a look of retribution.Range wondered why he put up with the rebellious prince.Then again, why did he care what the king did? This was none of his concern. 
Range and Cortibis bowed deeply.”The honor was ours, Your Majesty.The rooms were perfect,” Range said, staying bowed.
“Rise my friends. You are the saviors of my family and for that I cannot repay you.But I shall try. My son was not aware of the duty you performed last night.He was otherwise engaged.”Another sour look. Prince Remillion ignored his father.
They stood. 
“Name what I can do for you and it is yours.”The king spread his hands wide.The Prince looked enraged to the point of the apoplexy again. Range wondered if the young prince’s heart was in good condition.The boy was literally swallowing to keep his anger from bursting forth. He finally could hold it in no longer and huffed out of the chamber.
“Your Majesty, if we could just have three horses to ride we would be most grateful,” Range said.He could hear Cortibis sigh slightly next to him.He really wished that man would control himself more.
“Is that all my life is worth?A few horses?” the king asked.”You saved the king’s life.”
“Your Majesty, I can think of nothing else without sounding like a contriving vagrant attempting to take advantage.”
“Then you have proven yourself good to me,” the King said.He motioned to the advisor standing next to him.Rolin was inspecting the structure.
“I have here a document which grants each of you a barony in my kingdom.I will have manors built for you or castles if you prefer.You will have a fiefdom and all your people will do your bidding.You can build up towns and do with them what you will.You will be part of my monarchy and will be required to pay taxes, supply a workable defense for your land as well as assist in times of war and other provincial duties.I will start you off with five thousand gold coins to purchase what you will need. I will assign an assistant to you for as long as you wish.Now tell me, is this a fair trade for my family’s life?”
Range was dumfounded. Cortibis was as well.Rolin still inspected the buildings structure. 
“Your Majesty, your offer is awesome.I do not know how to say thank you,” Range said, dropping to one knee.Cortibis did as well.
The King looked at Rolin.”Zmarly, do you not wish to accept this offer of thanks?”
“Nay, King Rexillion. I would be a fool to do otherwise.I am not certain of how I would be able to accept your gift and your charge. The life of a noble is glorious, but it is also much work and takes quality time invested for not only yourself, but also the people who depend on you for their livelihoods.I am but a simple man with no desires to rule.” That was the most Range had ever heard Rolin say at once.Apparently in the ten moments since the offer, the Zmarly’d had time to consider and counter.
The King nodded.”Well spoken. You would make an excellent noble, by that statement alone.”
“I will accept your gift upon one condition,” Rolin said.
“What might that be? Such a grand gift, and you wish to make it conditional!?Well, then so be it.”
“That my rule would be close to my homeland.”
The King laughed out loud.”That request I can easily accommodate.”
And with that the three men suddenly found themselves fresh nobles.The king had them each sign their names to specific documents and scrolls.In return he gave them each a seal that granted them their land and the rights of nobility.He told them to keep this with them at all times, lest they be questioned about the authenticity of their claim.
After the entire process was finished, the King leaned back. He had not officially called court yet. Crantor stood by his side, unmoving. Range wondered if the man ever moved from that spot during court.
“I am weary after the late night action we endured, but I am glad to have this completed. Will you be continuing on your journey now?” the King asked.
Range looked at Rolin, he was clearly still with him. But was Cortibis?
He looked over to the man. 
Cortibis had just become filthy rich and a noble.How would the young man who had been slave labor now act? What kinds of things were going through his head?Range could only speculate, but he knew the man was about to make the biggest decision of his life.
Cortibis looked at Range and then Rolin, uncertainty on his face like sunburn.He chewed the side of his mouth and looked down to the floor.
Range wished the man would make up his mind. He still needed Cortibis’s sword, but could not blame him for ending his employment.What did Range have to offer him? Life on the road and maybe a few meals, potential danger and death, nothing but hardship.The king was not offering him danger, but security.Range knew Cortibis had very little experience with security.Cortibis could take the king’s offer and tell Range to make for the road without him.
Cortibis looked up at Range.”Aye we will continue our journey.”The words fell from his mouth like stones.He had the look of a man who had just thrown away a fortune, and Range could not give him any hopes or promises that he had not.He felt sick in his stomach, guilt twisting into knots. 
The King smiled.”Very good then.You will return after your quest.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.We should finish our journey in the next few weeks and then, hopefully, we can settle into our new roles you have bestowed upon us.” Range said.He felt like a worm.
“Very good.”The king paused to scratch his chin for a moment as if digging up something he had buried.”Some advice.”
“Aye sir, advice is food for the soul,” Range said. 
“Good advice is food for the soul.Bad advice is a yoke about the neck,” the king replied.”My advice is many faceted.
“First, you are heading north.You will pass into the monarchy of Kitarssis.Beware. The King is reported dead, my sources tell me he was murdered by a mage.Only the Queen still lives.She is strong, but King Andard of Zamek is chewing at the bit and may see this as a time to attack.He has been itching to start war with someone for the last ten years.The hunt for the Swords of Saddig is begun again.Many people of evil will see this as an opportunity. I also hear the mage Lazerek is looking for them and believe he is the one who killed the king of Kitarssis.That is a travesty. Lazerek is a corrupt mage who abuses his power.Beware of him if you cross his path. He is powerful and wicked, not a good mix.My advisors think he is the reason for our attack of the demons last night. My priests have come together and created a new vat of the oil that will eradicate the beasts.I have had every sword and arrow covered in it. 
“Lastly, stay away from Zamek proper, if you can.King Andard is doing strange things lately.He is clamoring for more and more perversions. Stay as far from the palace as possible and watch out for any of his patrols. View them as an enemy.Do not let them take you captive.If you do, then I fear any quest you are on will come to an abrupt end. 
“This is the advice I give you. He who has ears let him listen,” the King said, yawning.
“Thank you, Your Majesty.”The three men bowed.
“I also had the priests fill three vials with the Ooln’s oil for you.” He reached next to his hip and pulled out three silver flasks of the oil.
“Thank you again, Your Majesty,” Range said. He took his when the servant handed it to him.
“Your horses will be ready within the hour. I will be engaged here for the remainder of the day so this will be farewell, unless you desire to stay another night.”
“Your hospitality overwhelms us, Your Majesty.We give thanks for what we have received and go about our way.It has been an honor to meet you,” Range said.
“Yes sir, Your Majesty. It has been excellent speaking with you,” Cortibis said.
Rolin merely bowed deeply to the king.
“I have prepared funds for you, a portion of your total.I will hold the rest here for you, and will await your return.”
“If we do not return within a month, then our plans have gone awry and evil will have befallen us,” Range said. He looked over to Cortibis. 
“I will hold it for a year.Good luck, and thank you again for saving my family.”
They bowed again and exited the throne room.
Once outside the chamber, Range turned to Cortibis.”Why did you agree to accompany us?”
Cortibis nodded, looking at the floor. He looked up at Range,”If it weren’t for you I would not have received the gift of the king.”
Rolin nodded,”Never have truer words been spoken.”
“I am eager to be on the road.” Range said,”Let’s get our stuff.”
As Range approached his room, the door was open. His heart leaped into his throat.He rushed to the door. If it was the Osaban priest again, he was dead. 
Range rounded the doorway and was met with a fist.He was so excited he ducked just in time and delivered a crushing blow to the sternum of his assailant.The man fell backward. As he landed, Range heard the crack of his skull. The man was wearing a guard’s uniform. Range’s belongings were strewn about as if someone had been tossing them, attempting to make the biggest mess possible.Someone was either looking for something, or creating mayhem. But why was the guard in here? He saw a lump in the heavy curtains.
The lump stood still and a red tunic poked out unknowingly.Range jerked the curtain back. 
The prince had the gray bundle of the Sword of Saddig and was just peeling off the end looking at the handle. The prince’s eyes widened like saucers when he revealed it. His awe was broken by Range jerking the Sword out of his hand. 
Range was accosted by fears, embedded since the day he had received the Sword. The fears begin to well up and threaten the life of the prince.Range had kept this Sword hidden for almost his entire life.Now all that was over. The crown prince of Rommel knew he had the Sword.His secret was up. The king would demand the Sword, would expect Range to give it him. No baron should have a Sword of Saddig. No baron would know what to do with such a powerful talisman. A king could not have a minion wielding one of the most powerful artifacts in the land. What would keep that baron from removing the king from his throne?Range would be forced to turn it over and the king would use the Sword to conquer.Other kingdoms would begin scurrying to locate the other Swords and chaos would ensue. Then Saddig would show up.
He gripped the Sword in his hands and quickly covered it back up. He slowly backed away from the Prince.Ah, Zoë! Was your life for nothing!?The prince stood there with an awestruck look on his face, full of guilt. Rolin and Cortibis entered the room from behind Range.Range unwittingly backed into them.The Sword was his to protect. Damn this prince! What was he doing?
“What is happening?” Rolin asked, pulling the door closed.
The Prince pointed at Range.”He has a Sword of Saddig!He has it! In the gray cloth!”His skinny finger stayed in the air. 
Cortibis looked at Range who had taken a vacation from outward expression.Range stood there like a blind man who had just had his first site of the world.And what he saw was bad. 
“Range?”Cortibis asked, shaking Range. 
The shaking brought Range back to reality. He turned to Rolin and Cortibis with a look of grief stricken fear etched by a rough trowel.
What was going to happen now?”We are lost,” he said.”The prince knows of the Sword, and he will blab our secret over the entire land.We are lost.”
Rolin and Cortibis had not lived with the Sword since they were young.They were not used to the constant hiding and concealing, the lies that had to be told to keep it a secret.Range understood their unknowing.
The Prince huffed,”You forget yourself, baron! You are harboring a weapon of awesome power and keeping it from the king.Are you preparing to overthrow his kingdom? This is treason.I will call every guard in this castle to put you down!We will throw you in our dungeon and never let you see the light of the day again.I will—”
“—ENOUGH!” Range screamed.”I will hear no more from your mouth you spoiled arrogant boy!Be quiet now before I forget who I am.”He forced the prince to silence. The boy stood there like a child chastised. And that’s exactly what he was.
“What are we going to do about this?” Range said to no one.
“What can be done?” Cortibis asked.
“Something must be. The Swords are hidden for a reason.” 
“Why no let the king have it and decide what to do with it?”Cortibis asked.
“He is a good king. If he were to obtain the sword and decide to announce it, Saddig would find out. Other kingdoms would look for the other Swords and war may begin. And let us not forget our friend Lazerek the sorcerer.He wants the Sword as well. I don’t think the king, even with the Sword could withstand the might of the mage.”
“So let’s keep the sword a secret!” Cortibis said.
“That is why I am going to see Garon Pourghadiri in Romus.Only he has the wisdom to determine what should be done with this damnable thing.”
“Why?What makes him a better judge than us?”Cortibis asked.
“He is my designated wise man. He helped my father.”
Cortibis shook his head.”Why do you insist upon being the goat for this Sword?You could easily give it up and never see it again. You could take your family and go away.You’ve already lost your daughter because of it, but yet you still cling to this thing.”
Range looked into the questions with a stern eye.There was no reason why he should hang onto it and carry it.The only answer was,”My family.”
“What?”
“It is a long story concerning my family and how we got the Sword in the first place. We have had it for many generations, passing it from father to son.”
“I have a question,” Cortibis said.
“Ask.”
“How, after so many years of the Sword being a secret, has someone learned you have it?”
“He just opened the wrapping on the Sword, that is how.”
“No, not the prince.This mage. How did he find out about the Sword?”
Range shook his head.”I don’t know.”
“I think that’s a good question, one you should pursue the answer to.”
“Later. What are we to do now?”
Cortibis and Rolin stood, deep in thought.“Do we kill the prince?” Rolin asked quietly. 
Range looked about in tossed anger. He had no idea, not one. He was tapped. Running for his life, being chased by a mage, hiding the Sword.He had no answer. He had nothing.
The prince stood against the wall, suddenly fearful for his life. Range saw the fear and decided to put that to an end. 
“I am not going to kill you, Your Highness.” 
The Prince calmed.”Well, then I will be on my way,” he said, with a mouthful of apprehension.
Range had a retort coiled in his mouth, but he let it unthread,”Sit tight for now.” 
The Prince froze, mid-step.Range was the one in control, if only for a little while, and he was going to have it his way.
“We cannot kill him, and if we tied him up, someone would find him with an hour and we would have the entire kingdom chasing after us,” Cortibis said. 
“Ooln’s beard! What to do,” Range said, looking at the ceiling as if expecting it to speak.
“We need to do something quickly, that guard will not stay out for long,” Rolin said. Range looked down at the man. He’d forgotten there was a guard on the floor.
“What do we do with the guard?” Cortibis said.
“He knew nothing.I knocked him out before the Prince stumbled onto the Sword.”
“He’ll still spill a tale when he comes to.He is an accomplice,” Rolin said.
A thought smacked Range.”We must take the Prince with us, at least until we get to Garon’s home.There we can release him.From that point I do not care what he knows.”
Cortibis shook his head.”I hired on to protect you, not to steal the crown prince of Rommel. That’s a penalty of death.” 
“You have been hired to protect me and part of that is keeping this Sword safe until we get to my friend. I am not asking you to kidnap the prince and hold him for ransom. All I’m asking is to keep him for a while, or our travels from here will be short. As soon as Rexillion learns of the Sword he will send his men after me. Either way, the king will have his men after us.”
Cortibis chewed on that for a minute.
“We must hurry,” Rolin said.”Make up your mind, Cortibis. Come or not.”
“If I were to go to the king right now and tell him you have the Sword, then none of us has to keep on this journey, we can let the prince go and we can all go home to our baronies,” Cortibis said.
“I cannot allow the king to have this Sword, or maybe I can. The truth is, I don’t know at this point. I have been hiding it for a long time, just like my father and his father, but now…now things seem different. Something is changing and I will not see this land come to ruin over this Sword. I have already seen my daughter and friend die because of it. I won’t let anymore die because of it while it’s in my possession. If the king has it, Lazerek will be here tomorrow to take it from him. Do you want that mage to have the Sword?”
Cortibis dug into his bag and fetched out a piece of rope and started for the prince.
“What are you doing?” Range asked.
“Getting the prince ready to travel,” Cortibis said.
At this the Prince piped up like a cat with its tail stepped on.”No! I am not going with anyone!Forget it!”
They ignored him.
“If the prince knows the dwelling place of Garon then would he not simply tell the king?That would leave your wise man in dire straits,” Rolin said.
“We can blindfold the boy and then let him out as we leave. He will never be the wiser,” Cortibis said.
“Some thanks this gives the king.We return his gift by abducting his son,” Rolin said.
“If you have a better plan, put words to it,” Range said.
“I do not,” Rolin said.
Range didn’t much care for what the Zmarly thought at that moment.
“Tie him up,” Range said.
Rolin frowned.”How do you propose to get the Prince out of the palace?He will not be willing and will shout out at the most inopportune time.We cannot gag him.”
Range stood about for a moment, uncertainty etching his brow.How would he get the prince out of the palace?He couldn’t just tie him up and throw him over his shoulder. This was the potential killing flaw in his plan. He continued to pace the floor. Rolin and the prince sat down.After a while, the prince stretched out on the bed.
“What was that?” Cortibis yelled.
“What?” Rolin stood up.
“I just saw a face outside the window!”The drapes were still pulled back from when Range had revealed the prince. There was nothing in the window now but the oncoming darkness.
“I see nothing,” Range said. 
“Or I,” Rolin agreed.
“I saw a face outside that window!” Cortibis said.
“We are four stories up,” Range said. He didn’t have time for this right now. He began pacing again.He must get the prince out of the castle, and fast.
“I saw something,” Cortibis said, sitting down where Rolin just had.
“Let’s get rid of this guard,” Range said.The guard was giving him a time limit he couldn’t deal with right now. He needed more time to think. Removing the guard would help.
“Is he still alive?” Cortibis asked.
“Looks that way,” Range said.
“Let’s drag him to another room and put a note on him from the prince,” Cortibis offered.
“What if he can’t read?” Range asked. 
“Then we are hopeless,” Cortibis said, throwing up his hands. 
“Nothing is for certain. Let’s get him moved and I will write the note,” Range said. He hoped the guard could read, if he couldn’t they would be doomed.Regardless, the guard had to be removed. Somewhere, in the recesses of his mind, a complete and utter indifference about this entire situation was growing.He ignored it, but could not dismiss it.The idea of despair and surrender were battling hope and endurance.At this point he was apathetic toward either set of ideas.
Range tore a piece of the expensive sheet and walked toward the prince.
“You’re not putting that thing on me!” the prince said.
“Are you going to make any noise when I open the door?” Range asked.
“No.”
“You are lying,” he said, and wrapped the sheet around the prince’s head and tied it tight. He then made the prince sit on the floor.
“There,” he said.The prince’s eyes were smoldering, hate-filled coals.
Rolin and Cortibis grabbed the guard under his arms and dragged him to the door. Range put his hand on the handle.He paused, looking at his two men, and then pulled the door open.
The hall was long and highly trafficked. If by chance someone happened along, they would want to know what three men were doing with an unconscious guard.Rolin and Cortibis half-carried, half-dragged the man across the hall.Range quickly crossed and opened the door to the other room, watching the prince across the hall.The prince sat on the floor, where he was told.As Rolin and Cortibis had the first half of the cumbersome guard into the room, someone entered at the far end.Range quickly walked into the hall and prepared himself to confront the person. The figure stopped and turned into another room without so much as a glance toward where the men were going about their scandalous deed.Range breathed a heavy sigh of relief.
Range scribbled out a quick note to the guard, chastising him and berating him for his lack of manliness.Asking him how he could have possibly been accepted as a soldier in the King’s Army and a guard of the castle if he could be so easily dispatched. He was ordered to present himself to the captain of the guard for reprimand. 
He quickly took the note across the hall, and laid it on the guard’s chest. As he was stepping out of the room, the guard began to wake. He moaned and looked about groggily.His glance landed on Range. 
Range’s first response was to just slam the door quickly. If the guard saw him, then he would know something was going on. They would be caught and the king would know.As he was about to, he mumbled,”Sorry, wrong room,” and quickly closed the door.
He scurried across the hall and shut the door. His heart was slamming in his ears. 
“What?” Cortibis asked.
“The guard awoke,” he said.
“Did he see you?”Cortibis asked.
“Yes.But I think he was too groggy to notice. I left the room.”
“Wait here,” Rolin said
He stepped outside. Rolin secretly slid back into the room a few moments later. 
“The guard went about his business,” Rolin said.
Range let out a huge sigh.
Cortibis dropped to the bed.The prince mumbled something and sat next to him.”Now we figure out how to get the prince out—” he was interrupted by a loud knock on the door.
The men were in action. The prince shuffled to get to his feet.
Rolin immediately placed himself behind the door.Cortibis pushed the prince off the bed, onto the floor, and settled his knee on the Prince’s chest.He looked down at the Prince.”Make a noise, and I will crush you.”
Range slowly went to the door. He felt as if he were watching himself from the corner.He could not feel his legs, and his bowels were churning.Would they have to fight? Could they? What if it was the king? Should he just give the Sword up? Too many questions and no answers. 
His throat constricted as he calmed his voice.”Who is there?”
“Sir,” the rheumy voice said.”Do you need your room cleaned?”
Relief surged through him.
“N-No thank you, please come back tomorrow,” he said, regaining his manliness.
Rolin released his hand from his staff.
Cortibis got up from the Prince. 
“Let me in, you fools! Hurry before somebody sees me!” came the voice, now manly, but whispering.
“Who is there?” Range asked, his heart once again hammering. 
“Sterlin!” insisted the voice.
Range looked at Rolin.”Sterlin is dead.” Rolin shrugged. Thanks for the help.
“You’re dead,” Range said.
“If I was dead, I could float through the door,” the voice said again.”What kind of mixed up mess are you mingled in now?” he said.
“That’s him,” Rolin said.
“No one talks like that,” Cortibis agreed.
True enough. No one did. Range pulled the door open and there stood Sterlin Similow.




.




CHAPTER 21

Range grabbed Sterlin’s arm and jerked him into the room.”By the Beard of Ooln, what is the meaning of this?”Perhaps Cortibis had not told him the entire truth, or Sterlin was trickier than he initially thought.
Sterlin landed in the room on his feet, instantly Rolin and Cortibis surrounded him. Range slammed the door and dropped the lock.Everyone stood still, staring.
“What is the meaning of this?” Sterlin asked, preparing for action.He was dressed from head to toe in black.His mask was pulled back revealing his dust colored hair and most of his face.
“I believe Range asked you first,” Cortibis said. 
“First you leave me and then you attack me?” Sterlin said.
“You stole the Sword,” Cortibis said. 
“Idiot!” Sterlin began. Then,”What are you talking about?”
“It’s true,” Cortibis said. 
“Sterlin where have you been,” Range asked.”We thought you dead.”
“Not dead, abandoned. Who would have thought my traveling companions would leave me behind without searching, and then be living the good life in the castle.” He crossed his arms. 
“We thought you dead, fool,” Cortibis said.”You hit me in the back of the head, and then ran off with the Sword.”
“I ran off with the Sword?” Sterlin asked, halfway uncrossing his arms.
“Aye.” 
“So, I hit you in the back of the head, and then I took off with a Sword of Saddig?” Sterlin asked again.
“Aye.”
“After I knocked you out, I decided to leave everything I had and my horse, and just run on foot.Is that it? Do I have it correctly?” he asked.
“Appears so, thief,” Cortibis said. Now Cortibis crossed his arms. 
“Just tell us what happened,” Range said to Sterlin.
“Why? You’ve already made up your minds,” Sterlin said, turning his nose up.
“Stop acting like a woman,” Rolin said.
“So what are you doing here at the castle?” Cortibis asked.
“The lady told me you read my journal,” Sterlin said.
“We did.”
“So what do you think I’m doing at the castle?”He waved his hands as if to say, come on boys, keep up.
“Thieving like a criminal does,” Cortibis said. 
“Thieving like Levitin,” Range said.
Sterlin pointed at Range.”You, my young man, win the prize.”
“We know he’s Levitin.” Cortibis shrugged.”He even tried to steal your Sword, Range.”
“He says no.” Range indicated toward Sterlin.
“You’re going to trust the thief?” Cortibis asked.
Sterlin stood with his arms crossed, saying nothing.
“We’re running out of time,” Rolin reminded Range.
Suddenly Range felt ashamed. He looked over at the forgotten prince and then at the thief Levitin.Here he was about to do something absolutely wrong for this Sword and he was judging others.Ooln forgive him. 
“If you wish, you may come with us,” Range said. Cortibis sniffed.
“What I wish is immaterial. It is what I must do. Only you know I am Levitin.” He looked over at the prince.”And of course you, Your Highness.”The prince’s frown was deep.
“And you are the only ones in the entire land who know I hold Bellatrix,” Range added.
“There now we’re all even,” Sterlin said.
Cortibis still regarded the thief, distrust gathering at the corners of his eyes.”Range is the employer, and whatever he says goes. But you stay away from my purse, thief.”
Sterlin stepped toward him.”Listen here, mercenary,” he leaned closer to Cortibis who did not back down.”Perhaps you have not heard of my legacy. I—”
“You endanger the lives of the commoners you so love to talk about,” Cortibis said. 
“By giving them money?” Sterlin asked, holding out his hands innocently.
“We’re running out of time,” Rolin reminded Range.Range began packing up his things.
Range nodded.”Cortibis, Sterlin, try to get a long.Cortibis, leave Sterlin—”
“His name’s Levitin,” Cortibis said.
“No. We call him Sterlin while with us.” Range pointed to Cortibis.”He’s done many good things for a lot of people.”
“Menace,” Cortibis said.
“Regardless, try to get along,” Range said.”Now let’s find a way out.” He finished packing his things.
“Why don’t you just walk out the front door?” Sterlin asked.
“We’re taking him with us,” Cortibis said, thumbing toward the prince.”Boy won’t we make a happy group. A warrior, a thief, a prince, and a couple of commoners.”
“Why would you want to take him? He’s spoiled to the core,” Sterlin said, holding his nose. 
“Commoner!” The prince objected.
“He knows of the Sword, and now he knows who you are,” Range said.”So unless you want him blabbing to the rest of the world, then I would suggest you think of a way we can exit the castle and not be seen.”
“You’re abducting the crown prince of Rommel,” Sterlin said.
“Are you going to help or just stand there?” Range asked. He just wanted out of this palace and on the road.The sooner this was over, the sooner he could go home.
“Anyone can get out of the palace without being seen,” Sterlin said.
Everyone stared at the thief.
“Come again?” Range asked.
“I can get you out and no one will be the wiser,” Sterlin promised.
“How might that be?” Range asked.
“You’ve already forgotten to whom you speak?” Sterlin asked, placing his hands on his hips.
“Just tell me,” Range said.
“There is a catacomb of tunnels running through this palace,” Sterlin said.
“They lead out? No one will see?” Range asked.
“No one will see. They really aren’t for people, they’re for the elaborate heating, cooling, and water pumped into the castle walls. Did you know they have water that comes out of the walls directly into your bath?And a device in the cellars that heats and cools parts of the castle?” Sterlin asked.
“The king told us,” Range said.”Continue.”
“What are you doing here, anyway? That old woman at the healing shop about flipped her ninny when she saw me,” Sterlin asked.
“It’s a long story, better saved for another time. We also need to find out what you are doing alive. For now, just get us out of this palace,” Range said. 
“Okay, okay, buy you’d better gag His Royal Pain, there are some parts of the tunnels where a voice would be heard. Oh, and it might be a wee bit difficult getting to the access door.”
Range turned to Cortibis.”Gag Remmy.”He turned back to Sterlin.”Show us the way.”
“What about the demons?” Cortibis asked.
“We’ve got our vials of oil. We should be okay. I want to get out of the palace,” Range said.
“Hopefully the king’s men are taking care of them tonight anyway,” Cortibis said.Cortibis loathed demons, but at the moment Range didn’t care.He was tired of babying everyone. Now he had the prince.Ooln’s beard.
“Demons?” Sterlin asked.
“Lead the way, thief,” Range said, opening the door to the room.
“I get no information,” Sterlin said. 
“Later,” Range said.
Sterlin stepped to the door and peered up and down the hall.”It’s almost shift change time.”
“Then make haste,” Range said.
“Let me go down the hall and check,” Sterlin said.He slinked out of the room and disappeared in the gloom.He reappeared a few moments later.”All’s clear. We need to hurry though. This hall will be full of people very soon. Grab Remmy and let’s go.”
The prince mumbled something through his gag. They forced him out the door and down the hall.He struggled, but was no match.
“It’s right up here,” Sterlin said.He was nearly invisible to them in the dark hallway.They could only see his outline as it shadowed along. Range made certain to keep the prince between himself and Rolin. If anyone saw them now, they were dead men.They don’t just throw you into the dungeon for abducting the crown prince.He hoped the thief was right about where he was going.
Sterlin came to a place hidden in shadows. Range could discern nothing extraordinary about this part of the hall. He looked around. There were no people about, but there were a lot of doors, stairs, and passageways that opened here. In the gloom he and his companions would be hidden on a cursory glance, but discernable at closer scrutiny. Sterlin began slipping his fingers about the stones, searching.”It’s here somewhere. Give me just a moment.”It was then that Range felt the prince lunge into his back.He fell against Sterlin as Rolin reached for the prince, but the prince was too fast, taking two steps right before Cortibis grabbed him around the collar and jerked him back.
They heard fast footsteps: clip-clop, clip-clop. The prince began to wail through his gag.
“Hurry!” Range whispered.Rolin and Cortibis surrounded the prince. Rolin held his hand over the prince’s gag. Prince Remillion struggled endlessly. A door at the end of the hall squeaked open. Range could see a figure exit a room and then turn in the opposite direction.
“Find it, or we’re all about to be beheaded,” Range whisper-yelled. He could hear more footsteps walking about. He was afraid to look.“Everyone get against the wall.”
“Here it is,” Sterlin said.Presently, slow and silent, the wall before them began to open.
The footsteps got closer.They could see a figure far down the hall, heading toward them at a fast clip.Range grabbed the prince from Rolin and stuffed him into the slim opening of the wall.He began to follow, but was too broad. The door was opening too slowly.He could feel the prince wriggling in his grasp.He was not letting the prince go and he was not going to get caught.Footsteps, closer this time: clip-clop, clip-clop. 
Finally the door opened just enough for Range to scrape through.He almost fell into complete darkness.Grabbing the prince, he stepped out of the way and leaned against the wall letting his companions slip through. He felt, more than saw, Rolin, Sterlin and Cortibis as they entered the passageway. Sterlin flipped some other switch and the door began its inexorable closing.The footsteps were closer and closer.
“Is anyone there?” a female voice asked.Range held his hand over the prince’s mouth like a vise.They did not move until they heard the woman’s footsteps fade away.
“Stay here for a moment,” Sterlin said.
Range heard a gear quietly churning in the wall. This passage was cold and a solid breeze passed, smelling somewhat like a dank, moldy cellar. He thought of his parent’s cellar.Foolish thoughts for a time like this. 
Sterlin appeared a few moments later with a very small torch.”Let’s go,” he whispered. 
The thief moved ahead of them at a decent clip.Everything was made of pitted stone, the walls, the ceiling, the floor.They shuffled along for a little while with the prince struggling the entire way.Sterlin stopped at a point and turned to them.”Here’s where it gets fun,” he said, and then turned and squatted. Range could see him climb into a smaller shaft, just big enough for two men to sit up right, shoulder to shoulder.He felt claustrophobia well up. Cortibis climbed in first, followed by Rolin with the prince and then Range.Range could make out nothing ahead of him. Sometimes the light from Sterlin’s torch would appear, only to disappear a second later. The pack on his back scraped along the ceiling in fits. He could hear Rolin’s staff tapping the walls every few minutes. His knees were beginning to hurt and every crawl forward caused him great pain.His shoulder began to burn from the injury.
Suddenly Rolin stopped and Range bumped into him.
“What is happening?” Range whispered. 
Rolin sat and leaned toward Range.”We must crawl over.”
“We’re doing that right now!” Range said.
Rolin turned away from him in the darkness.Range looked ahead and could see the flickering light. Shadows maneuvered over something.He saw Rolin move ahead, while Sterlin sat with the torch.Cortibis held the wriggling prince. 
Range could see why they’d stopped. There was a large hole in the floor of the tunnel.They had to place their hands across, and then one knee at a time.Rolin crawled across the hole and moved on so Range would have a place. Sterlin held the torch. Range stretched across and leaned toward Sterlin.”How much longer?” 
“Not much, now we have to go down a few levels.”
“Let’s go,” Range said. 
Sterlin took the lead again and Range noticed the floor began to descend slowly.His shoulder and knees were screaming.He heard a sort of grunt ahead of him and then a strange sliding sound.He stopped for a moment and felt before him.He could not feel Rolin.He moved ahead farther, but could still not feel the man.Damn this darkness.
“Rolin?” he whispered.
Range moved ahead again.This time his hands felt air though and he fell forward.He began to roll to the side. The floor was sloped at such a degree that he could only slide down the stones, which were smooth here.He slid at a slow pace for a while, always keeping his hands out in front.Suddenly the level of the floor straightened and then flattened out all together.He could see Sterlin ahead, holding the torch.
“Sorry about that,” Sterlin whispered.
“Thanks,” Range whispered back. 
Rolin held the prince who had quit struggling and was just sitting. Cortibis sat in the shadows. 
“How much farther?” Range asked.
“Not much,” Sterlin said.”We’re on the ground floor now, ahead is a small door we must squeeze through.You and Rolin may have a tough time.”
“Just get us there.”
“The door opens up into a thick bush. The bush is around the corner from the main entrance to the palace. It is dark; we will be unnoticed in the night.Once we are away from there we must move to the north.”
“Let’s move,” Range said. The north was fine with him. 
“Be careful coming out of the bush.There may be a sentry,” Sterlin said so all could hear. The prince made a grunt.
They crawled for a few more minutes and Range could hear Sterlin opening the door. It made only the slightest squeak.He could see the dim outline of the night through the door.Sterlin’s body covered the hole for a moment, and then Cortibis shoved the prince out.Range could hear the prince struggling with Sterlin.Cortibis quickly crawled through the space and helped the thief subdue the prince.Rolin was next.He thrust his staff out and then forced himself through the small opening. The Zmarly had to struggle for a few moments to get his shoulders through.Finally he was out.
Range crawled forward and scrunched his shoulders together as much as possible. Where Rolin was more triangular in the torso, he was square.He wasn’t going to fit through. He just knew it.He was too broad-shouldered. After twisting and grunting for a long time, he finally got enough shoulder through so he could lift an arm out and give his hand to Rolin and Cortibis.They pulled him so he could get his other hand out and get pulled with both.He finally got through the cursed thing with his companions pulling with all their might. His shoulder was on fire.
“You all right?” Cortibis whispered.
“Aye, lets get out of—” He stopped at the sound of approaching boots.They all grabbed the prince and held him down. The footsteps stopped. Rolin put his entire arm over the face of the prince.The prince wailed and wailed but the sound never got past Rolin’s arm. The footsteps scrunched on the pebbled pathway.The prince got one foot free and kicked out, shaking the bush. Range heard the feet scratch the pebbles.”Who’s there?” came a husky voice.
They held the prince down even tighter. The boot scratched again, but the man said nothing. He jabbed something into the bush, and as he did, Sterlin bolted from the bush.
“Stop!” yelled the guard, giving chase.
“Where’s that fool thief off to?” Cortibis whispered.
“Saving our hides,” Range said.He crawled out of the bush, dragging the prince.Rolin and Cortibis followed.They were in the open, but the moon was hidden behind a smudge of clouds.Range grabbed the prince and ran to the north.Luckily their exit was the on the side of the castle facing toward the town.Many closed shops and businesses lined the streets. All the citizens were at home, hiding from the demons. 
Range pulled the prince with him.The prince had ceased to struggle. Perhaps he had given up. Perhaps it was a ruse to get Range to lower his guard. Range didn’t care. As long as they got out of the palace and into the city proper he didn’t care about anything. A few more blocks and they would be clear.
Suddenly a demon appeared before them and lunged toward Range, who blocked it with his forearm.Not now! Rolin immediately was in action. He spun and knocked the demon back with his staff.
“We need the oil,” Cortibis said, already reaching for his.
“Save it, we need to get out of here,” Range said.
“He is right,” Rolin said.”It would be wise to be prepared.”Cortibis stopped halfway with his hand in his shirt.
“Go ahead,” Range said. He looked around.Someone had to walk by.They were completely exposed here.He thought he could see someone approaching, but was wrong.
Cortibis spread the oil on his sword and Rolin’s staff.The demon came back for another fight but Rolin and Cortibis dispatched it. Once done, they were on the way north again. 
In the distance they could hear the sounds of battle.
“That must be the king’s men,” Range said.
“As long as they stay over there,” Cortibis said.
“Agreed. They are to the north though, let us go a little to the east and then north again,” Range said.
They moved to the east without any encounters, and then moved to the north.Nothing hindered the way. Almost an hour later they were clear of the city and pushing up the road. 
“We need to get off this road,” Cortibis said.
“Don’t want to run into any sentries posted on the way out of the city.”The fear that had been in his stomach was beginning to dissipate and with it the strength in his legs. He felt tired and weak. His knees hurt, his shoulder hurt, and he was abducting the prince.He needed to rest. He didn’t think he could make it up the north side of the valley.
“Let’s keep going,” he said.”I don’t want to stop until we get to the top.”
In the distance they could hear horses riding hard.
“Hide!” Range called and waved.They all took a hiding spot and waited.The sounds of the horses grew louder. They were slowing down.Range could just make out the road.The horses dropped to almost a walk. He held the prince in shaking arms. His breath was short and heavy. He could hear the prince breathing the same way.The prince must be scared. The horses clipped and clopped, plodding along.Someone was looking for something. 
“Are you fools out there anywhere?” a hushed voice asked.
Sterlin.
Range moved slowly toward the road.As he did, he noticed all but one of the horses had no riders. He stepped out from the brush.”We are here.”
Sterling turned to him.”Let’s be on then. I have procured horses for our trip.” The thief sat up, stretching his arm across the steeds as if to say, here you are.
“I can see that,” Range said. Rolin and Cortibis dragged the prince out.”Where did you get them?”
“The king let me borrow them.” 
“Then we’d best make haste before he learns of his benevolence,” Range said.
“That would be prudent,” Sterlin replied.
There was a horse for each person, even one for the prince. They roped his hands together, and his horse to Rolin’s. Range was glad to have a horse, his body was fighting his mind. 
Once they were mounted up they rode hard into the night.



.




.


CHAPTER 22

Gidas and Lazerek made good time traveling north, arriving at the Argoth Plains in a scant day and a half.They circumnavigated Rommel and sat on the edge of the valley, looking down on the city. The sun was high in the sky, making the city dazzle in the cool day.
“Send three men into the city. I want to know the status,” Lazerek told Gidas.
Gidas gathered three men and sent them into Rommel. He also told them to gather a few people for the mage to question.The riders were off in a rush. 
Gidas ordered the rest of the men to rest.He dismounted and stretched for a while.He was growing restless. Something needed to happen. He had been on the road with this mage for too long. They were apparently making good time, but Lazerek was getting more and more irritable.The trepidation of losing Bellatrix was very real to the old man. The two-hundred year old man. Lazerek had spent more than two lives searching for the Swords of Saddig.It would be funny, if he almost obtained them, but they slipped through his fingers. Gidas would like to see that. Maybe he’d write a book on it. 
Gidas turned his thoughts elsewhere, like getting some food. He walked toward the cook’s fire.Lazerek was already there, getting a helping of stew. This cook was fast.One of the sentries rode up in a fluster of hooves and dirt.”Sir, we’ve got three riders approaching.”
“Are they running a flag?”Lazerek asked.
“No sir.”
Lazerek looked at Gidas.”Let us meet them.”He took one bite and set the bowl down.He wiped his mouth with his hand and made himself presentable.Gidas knew something fun was about to happen.
The three riders were soldiers from the watch on the west side of the valley.Their approach was full of boast, even though they were outnumbered one hundred to three. 
When they rode close to Lazerek they pulled up their horses in a subdued act of defiance. Riding dust swirled about the mage and his camp.
“Are you the mage, Praeceptor Lazerek?” the leader asked.He had a rat face, but carried himself like he had just eaten a big bowl of pride. 
“Who is asking?”Lazerek said.Gidas could sense the tension rising in the old man. This could be fun. These men were just arrogant enough to spark the fire of Lazerek, and he was just crazy enough to do something about it.
“The King, Rexillion of Rommel.He demands you return to his castle and make reparations for the destruction wrought upon the city. I am to escort you back.Shall we leave now?”It was a command, an arrogant, presumptuous command.Gidas nodded. This was going to get good. 
“Take your men and tarry along,” Lazerek said, dismissing them with a wave. The mage turned his back on them and made for his bowl of stew.
The leader seemed to choke on his tongue for a moment.His words tumbled around in his mouth before anything escaped.”Perhaps you do not understand, sir.King Rexillion, The King of Rommel desires your presence.”
Lazerek turned toward the man, his cobalt robes ruffling thickly.A breeze had kicked up from the north causing the mage’s hair to whip across his face. 
“Tell your King he is lucky I don’t come back to his palace and bring it down around his ears.No King in this entire land will tell me when to come and when to stay.Make certain he understands that. You are arrogant my young friend, perhaps you have not been taught the proper way to respect your betters.”
And with that, the leader was picked up off his horse as if by an invisible hand.He was dropped on the ground. 
Now it starts. Gidas felt flutters inside. The other two horsemen stood and watched in shock.Lazerek’s men filled in the gap around the small party of action, blocking any escape. 
The leader got a hold of himself and stood up, clearly not one to let the workings of a mage undo him. 
The other two men were both picked up by the invisible hand and placed on the ground next to the leader. 
“Now, we will learn some new things,” Lazerek said with relish.”We will teach you manners. But I will not teach you…” he said, pointing to the leader with a blade for a finger.“No. Not at first.I will teach your friends first, and perhaps, by watching them, you will learn as well.”He clapped his hands together merrily walking around in a small circle.
Gidas was laughing inside.Oh the games these mages played!
“First, a person who is stationed above you, expects their due respect!Why?Well, let’s not get into the why right now,” he said, holding his hands out and frowning for a moment.”Let us instead get into the how.Oh yes, the how is much more fun.Who understands those strange magic users or kings anyway, right?So what do you do then? You show your respect.”The first guard was suddenly standing upright, rigid as an oak.
“You must bow first, and then, you must prostrate yourself, like this!”He lifted his hand and pointed to the standing man.Suddenly the man’s eyes got horrendously huge and he fell to the ground in a heap.
Lazerek snapped his fingers”Pick him up!”The man’s colleagues reached down to pick him up, but they could not. 
His bones were gone. Every bone in his body was gone.His arms were like noodles.His head was a sloshy bag, slopping around.He was trying to scream, but his throat would not open up to let the yell out, and his lungs would not expand.His eyes and nose were pressed in and rolled about like water.Strange smacking sounds emitted from his mouth. 
“Ah that is better,” Lazerek said like a teacher. The man’s colleagues stood up, white as ash.Neither dared move. The man on the ground continued his gurgling, mushy sounds for a few more moments, and then was silent.
Gidas stood in the background watching the mage work his magic, uncertain of his own reaction to the antics.It was still fun to watch.
“Now what else do your betters want from you?”Lazerek said tapping his finger on his chin, looking at the now afternoon sky.”Ah yes. I know.They want you to give all of yourself to them.It is a shame they cannot see all of you. A shame,” he said, shaking his head.”Or perhaps they can…” He regarded the soldier next to the leader.”My friend, you are going to get to show your betters all you have to offer.”
With a flourish he motioned toward the man.The man let out a horrific scream that lasted about as long as a finger snap, before something came pouring out of his mouth. 
His leader looked on with abject horror at the disgust erupting from the man’s mouth. It was not liquid formlessness that erupted, but something with impossible form.As he looked, he could see the feet of his companion roll up into his calves, and then his calves disappear into his thighs, and then his entire hips disappear into his sternum in a complete and utter perversion of magic.Gidas almost hopped up and down. He had to choke back a sick giggle.
As the body parts continued to disappear into the man, the disgust spewing from his mouth continued taking on form.The leader of the soldiers stepped back in revulsion as he realized the man was turning inside out and that he was seeing the man’s insides on the outside. 
Fear gripped him and he bolted.Three of Lazerek’s men flew onto him and pinned him down. 
Lazerek laughed,”Let him go!He shall live a life of repudiation now.I will be surprised if he is even sane.Tell the King what you have witnessed. Tell him I had better not be harassed during my tenure in his region.” He paused.”And remember, respect your betters!”
The three men released the soldier and he darted through.
Lazerek milled about thoughtfully for a moment.
“Master, is there something troubling you?”Gidas asked.He really didn’t care, but it certainly made his life easier to keep up with the mage’s mood swings.
“If the guards and soldiers are here, then the city must still stand.He must have somehow…wonder.”He paused,”We will await the return of our scouts.”He moved back toward his bowl of stew.
Gidas ordered the clean up of the two dead men, wondering what did happen to the city.
After the sun had set, the men Gidas had sent to the city returned.They had four people with them. One was a woman, and two were men.One was a young waif. The woman was unconscious, and the two men were roped up. The boy waif was tied up as well, but not as tight as the men.
His men brought them into the campfire and dropped them on the ground in front of Lazerek, who was wrapped up in his robes, smoking a pipe and lounging about in the cool night air.He leaned forward catching the purple in the robe of the woman, and his voice caught in his throat like a hiss. 
“This woman is Platen!Why did you bring her here!” he said, standing. The soldier who had led the group into the city was suddenly lurched into the air by an unseen force.
“Sir, she was unconscious, it was dark!We were unaware she was Platen! Should we do away with her?” 
Lazerek let the man fall to the ground with an oomph.Lazerek leaned over the Platen woman, inspecting her carefully.After a moment of grunting to himself, he stood up and looked at no one.
Gidas piped up.”Master?”
“She is on what the Platen people call, a Dream Search.Her mind is not currently in her body.”
“Once her mind returns, we could be in great danger,” Gidas said.
“Thank you for stating the obvious, but I will not let that happen.There are ways to stop even the Platen.Their power is not absolute.”He tapped his pipe against his chin in a moment of contemplation.
Gidas watched.Lazerek was an enigma, the apotheosis of a dying breed of mages who had been tempered with untold arrogance.And this one seemed to do the strangest things at the oddest times.Gidas didn’t care if the mage was insane or not, it had been a long time since he’d had this much fun. 
Lazerek perked up, his finger shaking at the clear night sky.”I remember the procedure.” He went to his pouch and fished around for a moment.He returned with a golden necklace.”If the king can use necklaces, so can I. Adjutant, watch and learn!”He settled his old bones by the woman and put his pipe down.Gidas watched as he pulled the magic into him.A great amount flowed into the mage.After a few moments of gathering, he began to form it and mold it into the necklace.As he gathered in the force of power, a warm orange glow began emitting from the palms of his hands and into the necklace.He whispered a few words of focus and let his power coalesce around the woman’s sleeping form.As the light formed around the necklace and the woman, Lazerek placed the necklace around her neck.The mage slowly brought his hands up and let the magic slip from him.Gidas saw him take a deep breath to steady himself.
“Binding the Platen is a task,” he said wearily.”Their power is inherent.”He stood up and moved toward the fire again.He fetched his pipe and dumping the weed out, stuffed it somewhere into his robes.
“Will she wake?” Gidas asked, sitting next to Lazerek in front of the dancing fire.The night air kicked up a brief draft that tossed Gidas’s hair about his head. He raised the hood of his robe and pulled it tight.
“Yes.However, when she tries to use her powers to lash out at us, she will get a surprise.”
“Are they gone?”
“No, even I cannot remove the power from a Platen.It is impossible for her to use her power outside of herself.If she attempts it, her power will backlash and cause her great distress.Whatever she weighs against another will be returned to her. I control her power now. I control her.”
“Could she kill herself?”Gidas asked.
“No.Somehow the shield I erected absorbs some of the power unleashed.Her mind will lash out ferociously, but it will not return with quite as much punch.”
Gidas nodded.”I see.”
“Did you watch carefully as I manipulated the magic?”
“Aye, it was quite powerful and complex,” Gidas said.
“Let us question the prisoners.” 

The soldiers brought the two men forward and dropped them to their knees. The waif stood behind them, silent.The first man was large and healthy looking. He was towheaded with a clean-shaven, square face.The second man appeared to be a soldier from the Kings Army. Lazerek smiled. The soldier was black-haired and more abused than his companion.
Both men had the haggard look of someone who had just been betrayed by their best friend, and then beaten by him with a large rock.
Lazerek regarded them with a wrinkled eye. 
Gidas walked up to the square-faced man.”Explain to the Praeceptor what has transpired in the city for the past few days.” 
The man sat back on his heels but said nothing, defiant as stone. 
The man was stubborn, but stupid. Gidas almost pitied the fool.
“You simple peasant.Answer the questions or feel pain.I am certain you understand what the Praeceptor can do.” 
The man sat stubbornly still. The sweat popping out on his face contrasted the cool night. 
“It could have been painless,” Gidas said, stepping back and letting Lazerek step forward.
Lazerek pulled some of the magic that flowed through the area into himself.He struck the man vehemently across the face with a blow of white-hot magic.The man reeled over onto his side, cringing.Smoke ebbed from his cheek.
He pulled the man back up with his magic and then beat him back down into the dirt like a dog. He did this continually for half an hour, beating the man about his body in a flurry of flagrant dispassion. 
“Fool!” he cried in a moment fury.He rocked back and forth between the two states of certain neutrality and requited hate.
After half an hour the man was brought about again. 
Through lips that were swollen and bloody, he spewed,”I deny your authority, evil ones. May Ooln strike you down.”
Lazerek seemed to lose all coherence.In a bellow full of rage and fire, he leveled power at the man’s midsection. 
The man crumpled over, but was still alive. 
Lazerek spun on the soldier who knelt beside the man.
“Do you desire to feel my unleashed power, soldier of the king?”
The soldier was apparently no idiot.
“What do you want to know?” he said flatly, looking at the dirt. The other man spit in the soldier’s direction.
Lazerek backhanded the soldier viciously.The guard took the backhand and swung his head around.Tears streamed from his eyes.
“What would I care to know?I would care to know a great deal,” Lazerek said in a voice tinged with power.“Tell me of the beautiful city of Rommel.I wish to learn of the health of the king and his royal family. Speak!” Spittle flew from his mouth.
The soldier hung his head down.”King Rexillion and his family are well.The city fares well.”
“How can that be?Was there not a plague of beasts upon the city not two nights ago?”
“Aye, there was but the king’s men vanquished those wicked beasts.” A plague of what? Gidas knew of no plague of beasts. At least no plague that could be called down with…he did not like this.
Lazerek danced about for a moment in unleashed anger.He gathered himself together again.”How is that possible, were they not full of fear?”
“Aye, but a small band of men fought their way through the beasts and inspired the king’s men to do battle with the plague of man-eating demons. The band of men used Ooln’s oil on the beasts and it worked. So the king had an entire batch created and all the king’s men doused their weapons in it.”
“Who?” Anticipation hung off his tongue like desperation. 
“I do not know. They were a band of three men.One was Zmarly.”
Gidas could see Lazerek mull this over. They group they were looking for had a Zmarly in it. 
“When was this?”Lazerek asked the guard.
“Two nights ago.”
“Where are these men now?”
“They have left the city.”
Lazerek rubbed his hands together. Finally the old mage stopped and looked at his four prisoners.
“We will take them with us,” Lazerek said.He stopped and looked at the boy, the waif. Gidas saw something on the old mages face. Something he’d never seen before.”Let the boy go.” The mage ordered. He gave nothing else to explain this. Lazerek walked to the boy and handed him a bag of coins.”Take this. Keep it hidden. Only reveal one coin at a time. Never tell anyone you have it.”
The blunt-faced man lulled about groggily.
Gidas ordered the boy freed, and then turned to Lazerek,”Master? Take them with us?”
Lazerek looked at the almost night sky.”My simple student, I have many plans about which you are ignorant.Did you really think that locating the Swords was the only goal? It is just the beginning.Truly just the beginning.”
Gidas watched the old mage go. He was not certain on how to digest this new nugget of information.He would shelve it for now and withdraw it later for inspection and classification. Sometimes Lazerek baffled even him.


.

.



CHAPTER 23

Hamilcar was certain he could take no more of this.
The night air was like a frozen tomb. Hamilcar was bone cold and mad.He chewed on his anger every day and every night, refusing to release it. These Zmarly people would face a reckoning—one that would be a furious thunderstorm of pain and despair.He would see to it.
Hamilcar was roped together with Hutch.The old man was sturdy, but the constant walking through the desert heat was beginning to beat him down.They walked from sunrise to sunset everyday.They were spent. Their bodies had not been tempered in this heat, and were unable to sustain an extended march.
At night they were dropped into a huddle and a tarp was set up above them.The tarp helped to keep the heat of their bodies from floating into the cold night. Hamilcar thought it was a poor excuse for a tent.
They were also given water, but not much, and no food.Hamilcar’s stomach grumbled routinely.
Every day increased the ardent fury strumming his soul, begging for release.
They had been traveling southward, sometimes veering to the east or west if a plateau or mountain was too severe to warrant climbing.The Zmarly seemed to know exactly where they were going, their gait never varied to the dismay of the two men.
Hamilcar could see their scoffing looks as they trudged over the flat vistas and plateau hilled lands.They had no trouble traversing the arid plains.Hamilcar attempted to give the Zmarly a part of his mind, and argue with them about it.He yelled at them for an hour about how they were born into this heat and knew nothing else, but they either didn’t care, or couldn’t understand. Hutch had stared at him like a tired old dog just wanting to lie down in a river.
And on they walked. 
Hamilcar was uncertain of how many days they had been moving. The lighted hours were monotonous, and he fell into a fitful slumber every night.He would then be awakened by a slap to the face, and hauled to his feet.His leg cramps were the worst early in the early day and late in the evening.Sometimes they would cramp up so much, he would have to be carried by the Zmarly.He could sense their condescending attitudes toward him.He ignored it. What did he care about these people’s impression of him? They were heathens, savages.
His shirt had been removed and his breeches left on.He was relieved to find they had missed his loqua stone in a still-hidden pocket of his breeches. 
Hutch lay next to him snoring softly. 
Hamilcar could see a few slumbering figures at a distance. Most were in the erected tents. The entire camp was asleep.Why wasn’t he?He was certainly exhausted enough. In the distance he could see the moon coming up over a plateau in the distance, its light cold and pale, like a corpse.The quiet was almost deafening.The wind stirred things up a bit, shifting sands and thin stalks on the arid plains. 
He felt a stirring in his pocket, like something hopping around. At first he thought it was a desert rat or some other vermin trying to eat away at him. 
Then it occurred to him. It was his loqua stone. He tried to get it out to touch it. His partner had told him touching the stone was the only way to establish a contact. He wiggled about maladroitly, unable to get his hands in the proper position against the ropes. 
After awhile the stone was still again.Hamilcar cursed under his breath at his inability to fetch the thing.He was almost to the point of lashing out, but sleep conquered him. His spent energies of the day whisked away from him.He was soon in a deep, troubled sleep.


.


.


CHAPTER 24

Tomorrow Range would see Nicky again. Hopefully. 
Range gathered his cutlery. The meal was scant, and all it did was make him hungrier. The sun was about to come up on the cold morning. They had been traveling all night. He glanced over at the roped up Prince of Rommel, frowned and stomped to his pouch.
The Prince’s gag had been removed and the boy had been allowed to eat. Contempt sat on his face like a thundercloud.
Range resented the Prince for his arrogance and his bitterness toward them. The prince put himself in this situation by going though Range’s stuff.Or did he?Range was perhaps partially to blame. He didn’t care. Right now, he wanted to get going. 
He would have to quickly gather up his family after seeing Garon, and get out of the land. Once out of the land, they should be safe.
Range looked over at Sterlin. He was not certain why he had wanted the thief with them, but knew the man could still be an asset. He was not certain he could trust the man, but had no proof Sterlin really tried to steal the Sword. As a matter of fact, his information said the man’s story rang true.A thief of Sterlin’s renown would be more careful and plan his theft better. Like not leaving his horse and all of his belongings where someone could happen upon them and just running on foot. No, a master thief would plan it where he would end up with the prize and make a clean getaway.
Sterlin had begun to slowly ingratiate himself again. Trust was much more difficult to acquire when his motives were suspect. Sterlin was still upset that he was even under scrutiny and suspicion.From what he’d told Range, he had done no wrong.The thief cautiously maneuvered about the group, helping Rolin and Cortibis where he could.
They were about to break camp, but since they’d just finished eating, it was time to smoke.Range and Cortibis lit their durrys. Sterlin pulled his pipe and stuffed it with weed. They settled around the small fire on logs and rocks. Range figured this was the best time to ask the question he’d had bottled up since they learned of Sterlin’s alter ego.
“So tell me, Sterlin, where’d Levitin come from?” Range asked. 
Sterlin was just finishing lighting his pipe. Great big plumes of blue smoke filled the air around his head.”It’s a bit of a long tale. You’re certain you want to hear it?”
“I would like to,” prince Remmy said.They all turned and looked at the stoic prince.”Well I would, doesn’t everyone want to know?”Range certainly did and from the look on Cortibis’s face, he did too. Rolin was stone-faced as ever, revealing nothing
“A few years ago I was a tax collector working for a local noble.”
“Which noble?” Remmy asked.
“That’s not important, Your Highness. I collected the taxes for this noble and did a very good job. I saw the amount of money collected and was shocked. Since the noble was collecting taxes for not only himself, but also the king, I expected it to be a significant amount, but I never thought it would be as much as it was. As it turns out the noble taxed the locals at an exorbitant rate, pocketing the extra.As you all know, it’s left to the local nobles to set the taxes on the commoners, and the king leaves them to it.”
“So you became Levitin to strike back at this noble?” Cortibis asked.
“No, it had very little to do with the taxes,” Sterlin said.
“Then why are we hearing so much about the taxes?” Cortibis asked.
“It’s part of what I did. Anyway I was secretly seeing the noble’s daughter. She and I were almost the same age, and she was incredibly beautiful.” He sucked on his pipe, remembering.”She said she wanted to be with me, husband and wife. She would leave all her riches and nobility behind if she could only be my wife. I told her she didn’t know what she was talking about and she would hate being a commoner, a peasant. I told her how hard the toil of life was, always breaking your back for every measly pittance, always fighting for all little things she took for granted.I told her this, but she didn’t care. She thought it would be romantic if we got ourselves a little home somewhere and lived off the land, hunting when necessary. I told her again it was a hard life and she would not like it. She didn’t care. So I tried the avenue of scaring her with her father. If she left with a commoner, her father would come hunt for her and kill me.She said we would change our names and live outside his influence. She was relentless, and beautiful. Truth be known, I very much wanted to be with her too. She was the perfect female and I loved her beyond what was healthy. She knew it and used my adoration to get my acquiescence. That should have been my first hint.”He took a long draw from his pipe,”One night we left the castle on two horses. No-named, mysterious riders, fleeing into the night.We rode for a while and eventually found a place we could call our own. She had taken some money from her father before leaving so we had some to get started.It was more than enough.We bought a small cottage from an old man whose wife had just died.We moved in and lived happily for the first few weeks. I told her to be careful with how she spent the money and it could last us for a very long time. She did not listen and spent wantonly. We began toiling the earth when the money ran out.I told her we would need to bring some sort of crop from the ground, sell it and get money to buy some more food.I was so in love with her by now, my eyes were blinded. I thought this was the perfect marriage. No one ever bothered us; we worked during the day, made earth-shattering love every night. Everything was going fine until the money ran out and the food got tight. I told her this would happen. I warned her.” He raised his pipe to the sky.”She said she didn’t care.”He thumped the bowl a few times and tapped it out on the palm of his hand. 
“So what happened?” Cortibis asked. Range nodded. 
“One day, when I went to the market to sell what little food we had, she left. All I got was a note saying, ‘I am sorry, I cannot live like this, you were right. Please do not follow me.’So I didn’t follow her. I got mad instead.My anger was directionless; I didn’t know whom I should blame or point the finger. Should I be mad at my wife for leaving me? I was the buffoon who agreed to take her away from the only life she’d ever known, and even though she didn’t know what to expect, I did. I knew I was setting myself up for failure. But a heart filled with love is not often logical. So was I the wrong one? Was it my fault everything fell apart?I stayed mad for a few weeks just moving about my cottage. I had taken the money I made from the selling of our meager crop and bought some cornfire.I stayed drunk on it most of the time.My malaise was threatening my very life, but during its grip on me, a flame was growing inside.My anger was becoming focused. It didn’t matter if the focus was correct or not, it only mattered that I was on the first step to becoming Levitin. 
“I began not looking at the small problem of one woman leaving her man, but the big problem of our society as a whole. What was the root of its problems? After a few days of mulling it over I burned the cottage to the ground with everything I owned.All I had was the clothes on my back and one silver. I was betting my entire future on myself –and no one else.”
“So why’d you start thieving?” Cortibis asked.
“I’m getting to that.” He repacked his pipe and lit it.”You see, I figured out the biggest problem in our society was: the rich had it all. The poor had nothing, less than nothing.The poor would never be anything but poor. They would never get enough money to stop working, they would never get land, they would never get anything. They would work until they couldn’t work anymore and then they would die.Never would they have a time to rest or enjoy life, never a chance to travel, never a chance to become something greater. The rich had all the money and they weren’t going to give it to the poor. That was the ultimate issue. So I decided to do something about it. I decided to take it from them and pass it around to the poor. Try to equal the scales a bit, if you will.My first take was on the new tax collector who replaced me. I knew the routes, and I knew the guards. It was an easy take and I grabbed the stash when it was at its heaviest. I used part of the money to supply myself with some things I would need to begin my career. That is how I viewed it—a career.I put some into other investments and into hiding for future, if I needed it.I kept a decent sum on me. Never know when a bribe might come in handy.The rest, a quite sizeable sum, I gave to the poor, to many families. I spread it over a wide expanse to throw off any pursuit.One woman saw me and called me Levi Tin.It means black fox in the old language. It stuck and everyone began calling me simply Levitin.I used the tools I purchased to steal greater and greater amounts of money from not only nobles, but monarchs too.I was on a mission.I only cared if I got caught because of the poor people I wouldn’t be able to help.I didn’t care for myself anymore, but about the looks on the faces of the people when they found the money. It touched me and made me want to help more people. So I became more and more daring.Kings couldn’t seem to stop me. I was good.” He grinned.”Very good.”
“So that’s why you were on the road when we were heading north out of Spadix,” Range said.
“Yes, I’d just hit Count Cassik.I spread most of the money to some houses to the north of the town. When you happened upon me I was heading to Rommel for a big take of coin.Traveling in a group would help me.Levitin is a loner, he doesn’t travel with a group.”
Range understood why he was so insistent on them traveling together now.He had to admit the thief was right. No one would suspect he was Levitin traveling with a family.
They’d finished their durrys and pipe.”Let’s get going,” Range said.
“You know, the kings and nobles aren’t there just to take the commoners money, they are there to protect the commoners and to enforce the laws so there is not anarchy in the land,” Remmy said.
Sterlin nodded.”That is true, but they sure don’t want the peasants getting their hand on too much coin.Rich commoners begin having ideas they shouldn’t. Isn’t that true your highness?” 
Remmy said nothing, just stared at the thief.”You know most kings are trying to get Platen into their palaces now?”
“That’s fine. I’m on a vacation right now anyway,” Sterlin said.
“How much money have you kept for yourself, thief?” the prince asked.That was an intriguing question.
“Some,” Sterlin said. 
“How much?” Remmy asked again.
“Enough for my retirement someday.”
“You’re right, your motives are completely altruistic,” the prince said. 
“I never said I didn’t keep some for myself. A man would be stupid not to.”
Cortibis shrugged.”I can’t say you’re wrong, Sterlin. I would. So would the prince. He’s just being difficult.”
Remmy spit at Cortibis. He missed. Cortibis laughed.”You’re full of class, Your Painness.”
Range missed Nicky and Lucan, but found the other men alleviated some of his distress.He would enjoy seeing Nicky again. Thoughts of Nicky led to thoughts of Lucan and then thoughts of Zoë. Suddenly his good feelings were replaced by the anguish.He had to curb that. He had to get by it, at least until he was finished.
Range gathered up his last bit of utensils and packed them away. The rest of the men were packing up their things as well.The Prince sat and sorted through what must now be a fairly horrible life. 
Their goal was to get to Kor within the next day.
They mounted up.Range had decided to travel the back ways.Smugglers and thieves populated those ways, but if the king were hunting them they would stand better chance against bandits than the king’s men.Range wasn’t certain if the king was searching for him yet, but he it was better to be safe.
The day passed without incident and they made better time than anticipated.A scattering of other travelers passed, but none bothered them.They were soon coming upon the small town of Kor. 
Kor was a beaten town.A main holding ground for both campaigns in the last war between Rommel and Kitarssis, and during that time most of the respectable families left to seek more stable homes and lives.The town was now a brewing pot of quiet anger—bubbling, ready to boil.
The people who lived there now were mostly the dregs of other local cities and towns.Thieves, slave traders, smugglers, pick-pockets, murderers, rapists, con men, and any other ne’er do wells that decided to make it a base of operations for their less-than-honorable purposes.There were few actual families in the town. Most were simply prostitutes who had gotten pregnant and carried the child to term.Orphaned children ran rampant through the city, picking the pockets of any person not wise enough to clutch his purse.Kor was not a city for the meek or timorous, full of corruption and lacking an authority.They did have justice in the bucket of immorality, but it was skewed by the malfeasant political powers holding control. The governor condoned the malefactions constantly brewing; he thrived upon it like a malignancy.
The sun was setting as they approached the cluster of buildings.As the colleagues rode through the town, examples of neglect were evident.Buildings were unkempt, roof tiles were falling down, buildings needed white washing, waste and disgust polluted the air and ground. The streets were loose packed brown dirt that turned into copious amounts of mud when it rained. Weathered tracks from the last rain still mapped the streets like an old man’s neck.
The people of the small town were the epitome of despair. They had a lost, forlorn look about them. Mouths were never raised in a smile, and backs were always bent.It was a town of sluggish apathy.Range could feel the spirit of oppression bearing down on him, he said a small prayer to Ooln and moved on.
They came to an inn, which looked as decent as they were likely to find in this cesspool. Music piped melodiously from the open door.Cortibis and Sterlin pulled the prince around to the side of the building, keeping him out of site. They had removed his gag and tossed a large cloak over him to cover up his ropes. 
Range and Rolin entered the inn and located the owner.
The owner was a short round man, who fired salutations at Range as he approached. He was cheery, used to the grimy clientele that frequented his establishment.He said his name was Seisul and they should come in and have a pull of his strongest stout.He attempted to rush them in, but Range resisted.
“All we need is a room for the night.Once we are settled in, we will then have some of your ale.”
Seisul laughed a hearty, belly laugh.”Of course my fine fellows! I have a room, it will easily accommodate you two.”
“Excellent, fine sir, do you have an entrance to the back?” Range was betting the old man had many entrances and exits in this building. 
Seisul winked.”Aye, ‘tis around the back, feel free to use it all you wish. There is a guard, just tell him ‘the birds eat seeds in the summer’ and he will let you pass.The room is two silvers up front.” He got more serious when speaking of money.
Range nodded and pulled out his purse. The price was steep. Perhaps the rate changed based on what the proprietor thought the patron could pay. It didn’t matter, they needed a room. Rolin covered Range from the roving eyes of the patrons sitting about like danger, listening to the susurrations of the woman playing a lute in the corner. 
He fished out two silvers and paid the man.Seisul stuffed the coins into some hidden pocket and bid them well. 
The group got the prince up to the room with no problems.Range spoke the password to the guard, who told them which room was theirs.The room was small. Two pallets were on the floor, and there was no window. There was enough room only for two men to lie down, and barely enough for that.The door on the room was rickety as an old man.The room smelled of sweat and blood and urine. 
“This room stinks!” the prince complained.
“Make do,” Sterlin said.
They huddled for a moment in the room. A feeble lamp attached to the wall was the only light. The ministrations of the lute player below them could be heard clearly, every hoot and holler of the crowd was let through.
“This is a fine room!” Sterlin said.”What are you complaining about?”
“Indeed, a room fit for a prince,” Cortibis said, elbowing the Prince gently in his ribs. 
The Prince merely sliced through Cortibis with his eyes. 
“We must be wary here.One of us must stay with the Prince at all times. We cannot stand to have him found out,” Range said.He was hungry, but tired. Did he need food or rest more? 
“I will stay with him, while you go down to hunt for Nicodemus and eat,” Rolin offered.
“All right, do not open the door for anyone,” Range said. 
“—then how shall we get in?” Sterlin asked.
Cortibis smiled.Range was in no mood for foolishness but was glad Sterlin and Cortibis seemed to be getting along better.
The three men made their way downstairs where the lute player was kicking into high gear with a fast paced ditty that had half the inn clapping or dancing about. The singer was a young woman built like a reed.Her flaxen hair flew about her head in a flurry of curls and excitement.She was a good player, and a good entertainer.
As they walked toward a table not taken, Sterlin leaned up between Cortibis and Range.”Mayhap we can locate a few fine fillies to fulfill our fantasies tonight!” He yelled over the music, into their ears.Range merely nodded and grimaced, but Cortibis perked up, as if the thought had merit. Range had no plans on finding another woman to service his libido while his wife was not around. Ooln forbade extramarital sex. 
They seated themselves and an unobtrusive barmaid brought them three stout ales.Range took a sip of his and felt immediately better. The ale was a pure stout, thick, rich, and nutty.The head had achieved that perfect balance, and the tankard was cold to his hand.The singer finished her jolly tune, and settled down for more of a somber piece.The song was so smooth the words and notes rolled through the room caressing the ears of the listeners.
“Her dusky dulcets defy the darkness of my dreary day,” Sterlin said. His hands supported his head by the chin.
Cortibis looked over his tankard at Range. Range shrugged. If the man wanted to talk that way, he was entitled.
The barmaid brought out three plates of chicken and some strange looking pellets.The three colleagues eyed each other and the pellets.Cortibis snatched the elusive barmaid.”What is this?”He pointed to the pellets.
The waitress nodded as if she had heard this question a thousand times.”It is called ‘rice’.”
“What is it?” Sterlin asked.
“It is a grain, like wheat.”
“And people eat it?”
She just shrugged and walked off.
They ate the rice, and found it quite good. It had been cooked in butter, and had a slight dash of salt.
As they were enjoying their second tankard of ale, Nicodemus walked in.He spotted Range who waved him over. 
Range stood as Nicodemus got close. They exchanged warm handshakes and pats on the back. 
“I am glad to see you, my old friend,” Range said. He looked Nicodemus in the eye, gauging his friend’s temper.
“As am I,” Nicodemus said.He looked fine.
“I must apologize for the things I said to you before you left,” Range said.
Nicodemus would have nothing to do with that. He shook his head.”Think no more on it. We have been friends for a long time.”
Range nodded. With Nicky here, he could accomplish what he had set out to do. His friend was a great boost to him, both mentally and spiritually.Range said a small prayer of thanks to Ooln. 
Nicky gave a hearty handshake to Cortibis and Sterlin and they sat around the table catching up on what had happened since parting company. 
A passerby bumped into Range, causing him to spill some of his ale as Nicky spoke. Range shrugged it off and kept listening. He was bumped again and he felt an alarm go off in his head. Something was wrong.The crowd was no longer enthralled by the music.They seemed restless and ready for something.Range turned to look behind him, but only saw a group of men milling about speaking to each other. None seemed to be paying any attention to him or his table.Suddenly the door to the tavern opened.A huge man stepped inside.The apprehension of the patrons gathered.The man looked about carefully gauging the crowd, critically picking them apart.
The man devoured the room, and whenever his eyes fell on a table or patron, the celebration got quieter.Range had to admit the man looked familiar, but he could not place him. Could this be someone chasing them? The list was growing. 
Behind the man three more beefy goons came in. They were clearly together, and looking for trouble.Range didn’t need any trouble. It was time to go. 
“Who is that fellow who just came in?” Sterlin asked. He had seen the man as well. 
“I am not certain. He does look familiar though,” Range said. They needed to get up to their room.
The barmaid overheard the question.”That is Ckip.He is the Administrator’s lackey. He’s just returned a few days ago. Been away for a while.”
“And what does that mean?” Sterlin asked.
“He does what he wants, when he wants, and there’s no one in the town who can stop him. He and his men run this town for the Administrator, and with not too soft a touch, if you get my meaning. He was away on another job for a while, but now that he’s back he is more ornery than ever. Stay away from him, if you don’t want any trouble.” 
The four men forced their way to the front table by the lute player, who suddenly looked like she wished she were anywhere else but on the small stage.Ckip and his three men tossed four paying patrons out of their chairs and took their seats while yelling at the barmaid for ale.She promptly brought them four large tankards and attempted to escape.She did not.Ckip grabbed her and pulled her into his lap, shoving his hand down the front of her dress, grabbing her breast with a twist and humping her. She writhed to get loose, but he just laughed like pure poison and squeezed her tighter.Some people were surreptitiously exiting the tavern.The lute sounded like an insufficient line of solace, wending about the room like a skinny man trying to carry a horse. 
“That morbific mucker is manhandling that maiden. We must do something, it is not right! Are we not men of honor?” Sterlin said. 
“You’re a thief. What honor do you have?” Cortibis said.
But before Sterlin could respond, Ckip let the woman go.Range turned to see Seisul let out a sigh of relief.Range let out on too.
“Let’s retire upstairs,” Cortibis said. 
“Let me finish my ale first!” Nicodemus said. Range knew it. Nicky wanted to see something happen.
“Eat, then finish up, and we will get upstairs. Our sleeping quarters will be cramped, but it’s better than being out of doors again. Especially on a cold night such as this,” Range said.He kept an eye on Ckip and his group. He was trying to place the behemoth.Range was large, broad-shouldered, thick and tall, but Ckip was at least half a hand taller and outweighed him by almost half as much. They must hurry and get upstairs. 
“How are Miriam and Mel?” Range asked Nicky.
“They were fine when I left them with her family. Miriam was relieved. Mel had some of his cousins to play with.”
“Thank Ooln,” Range said.”I am glad they’re safe.”
As they continued their small talk, more patrons left, but since the four big men had seemed to calm down, some of the more brave patrons opted to stay and enjoy the lute player. 
She had played her last set and put her lute down. She gave thanks to everyone, and said she was calling it a night.
“Play woman! Play some more music, me and my friends just got here!” Ckip bellowed.
Range watched the thin woman. Play more music lady! Don’t fan his flame!
But of course she didn’t.She was a plucky woman and not about to let this giant order her around like he had the barmaid.She had apparently not met Ckip and his friends before. This type of woman always seemed to forget something. She would stand up to the bad man, but when the bad man decided he’d had enough, it was the good man who rescued her. 
“Playing time is over, boys. If you want to hear more of my music, you will need to get here earlier or come back tomorrow.”She placed her lute into its case.This statement surprised Ckip.
“Woman, either play more music, or I will make you play more music.”
She stood up and turned toward Ckip, with her hands on her hips.”Your bully tactics may work on the witless barmaid, no offense,” she said, waving at the barmaid,”but they won’t work on me. I don’t take orders from a belligerent behemoth like you. Now I am going to leave, and if you want some music you will have to sit there and hum a song to yourself.”She turned to get her lute case.
Range was shaking his head, no, no, no. Stupid woman!
Nicodemus chuckled wickedly,”Put the children to bed, it’s about to get ugly.”
The stalwart patrons who had stayed during the initial fondling of the barmaid were heading for the door. They knew Ckip, even if the lute player did not. 
Ckip lurched to the stage, and the lute player simultaneously brought her case up to his head. It struck with a force that belied her small frame. Her rolling hair flew out with vehemence.The thud caught Ckip in the chin and caused his head to jerk to the side.Unfortunately for the lute player, Ckip had friends. No one in the tavern was lifting a finger to assist.Damn!Range knew he would have to get involved. He clenched the table and almost picked up his mug and threw it across the room in frustration. 
The three men grabbed her, while Ckip regained his composure. His skin was bleeding from the strike.He rubbed it off with his dirty sleeve. Malice hung in the room like a benign virus. 
“Put her on the table, spread her legs, lets she if she sings as well then.”
His minions slammed her to the table, knocking her wind out.She was fighting all the way.
Range could not just sit there and watch the woman get raped.He stood up and was about to yell at the men to stop.
He had forgotten about his bellicose friend Nicodemus.
“I believe the proprietor of this establishment sells ale, food, music and rooms—not women,” Nicodemus said, pulling his sword free. The ringing metal reverberated about the small tavern, a harbinger of battle. 
Ckip looked at Nicky, clearly ready for a fight.“Leave us be, little man, before I decide to have my way with you too,” he bellowed.His minions laughed. 
“Stop molesting that woman, or I will make you my woman, you overgrown piece of muck!” Nicodemus said. Range shook his head with resignation. They were going to fight. Thanks, Nicky.
Ckip did stop, and he looked over at Range oddly as if Range had just interrupted him in the middle of a thought.He was very familiar. The man’s mien cleared for a moment, and recognition blossomed on his face and quickly settled into anger. 
Range gathered up his resolve. He was not one to be bullied about. But he was also not one to be goaded into a frivolous fight. 
“Let the woman go. There is no need for bloodshed,” Range said.
Ckip looked about for a moment, as if he were looking for someone.
“Nay, I will not let her go, and I won’t mind spilling your blood you guileful worm!”
“Why are you so full of acid? Have you no decency?” Range asked, trying to work the man to his favor.
“You are the one with no decency. I was merely trying to do my job, when you got me relieved of duty.I call you a man with no honor. A snake!”
Range tried to place that last statement. He could not. 
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” he said.
This seemed to aggravate Ckip even more. He bristled himself up.”You are an arrogant peasant, and soon to be a dead one. Was I so below your notice?The prince released us and we lost our work.All because of you and that Zmarly. You are unworthy and a worm of a man.” 
Suddenly it occurred to Range: it was the man he and Rolin had disarmed at the palace in Rommel.The prince’s personal bodyguards.
Nicky stood up on the stone table.”Before you malign my friend with your fat tongue you need to get off the woman.”And with that he moved toward Ckip like a cat. 
Ckip looked at Nicodemus like he had lost all sense. He jerked his broadsword free and readied himself for the attack of the smaller man.
“I hope you are ready to die,” Ckip said, reaching for Nicodemus.
“`Preservation’ is my middle name, friend,” Nicky said, dancing away from Ckip at the last moment.What was left of the tavern backed away in a flurry of chairs rattling across the floor and stone tables being overturned. The way was cleared for a good fight. 
The four men began to surround Range, Nicodemus, Cortibis and Sterlin.Would they be forced to kill these men? 
“They are an ugly bunch aren’t they?” Sterlin commented.
“Aye, try not to hurt them too terribly much,” Range said. He didn’t want to kill these poor slobs. The three other men jerked their swords out.Everything was silent for a moment. A loud pop from the fireplace began the room moving again.
In a flurry of sliding metal, the four colleagues entered into the melee like strikes of lightning.They knew their combatants out-muscled them, but it did not matter, they had faced tougher opponents before.
“Ah, another scintillating donnybrook,” Nicodemus said with relish as he danced about and away from Ckip, bounding about room like a rabbit.
Range yelled to Ckip,”Stop this nonsensical fighting!This is not the way to settle things between us!”
Ckip attacked Nicodemus, who wistfully spun away.Nicodemus swerved and bit into the man’s back with his blade causing Ckip to yell out.Ckip’s men turned to look at their leader, and were vanquished in moments by the acumen of Range and his friends.In no short order all four men were standing back to back, with swords at their throats.The lute player was standing behind Range, leaning forward, giving Ckip an eyeful of ire.
Ckip was bleeding on the floor.
“I meant no harm in your getting dismissed from the castle. I was not going to let that little whip of a prince order me around like yesterday’s trash.You are a bully Ckip.You should be ashamed.If I were the Administrator, I would relieve you of duty. You still have your job, and your life.Leave this place, and do not come back. Do you understand?”
Ckip nodded.
“Also. Apologize to the lute player and the barmaid,” Range said, digging his sword into Ckip’s flesh. 
The big man winced, but let out a soft apology to both women. 
The barmaid quickly exited to the back of the tavern, and the lute player nodded with satisfaction.
“Always remember: You may be the meanest, strongest man in the town. But there is always someone tougher and meaner out there. So be careful who you pick a fight with next time.”
Ckip said nothing, but left quickly with his men when the swords were removed.
The tavern was empty. Everyone had left.A few people looked in from the street, Seisul and the barmaid were in the kitchen. The only other person in the tavern was the lute player.
“Thank you,” she said. 
“Next time, don’t provoke men such as that,” Range said.
“Not in my nature, friend,” she said, picking up her case and walking out the door.
“Now there was a fine filly of a female,” Sterlin said. 
“Or a dumb one,” Nicky said. He turned to Range.”That was fun.”
Range just shook his head.
“You all had best be leaving now,” Seisul said.
Range turned toward the old barkeep.
“Why?”
“Oh, it’s not that I’m kickin’ you out or nothin’. But Ckip ain’t one to leave things be done like they are.He’ll be back later tonight, with a lot more men. Enough to even defeat you and your skilled friends. And there’s no telling what the Administrator will do now that you have embarrassed his men.”
Range thought for a moment,”You are correct. And I thank you for the warning. We will leave, so as not to cause you or your establishment any more trouble.”
“Well, you’ve already caused enough trouble for tomorrow!” The barmaid yelled out from the kitchen. 
“How so?” Sterlin asked.
“Tomorrow, Ckip will be even more wanting to set up his territory around here. And you won’t be here to defend us.So you stirred everything up for nothing!”She spit the last word out like vitriol.
Maybe she should blame the lute player, not them.
They hurried upstairs and gathered their gear, informing Rolin of what had transpired.Rolin did not look too worried and said nothing.They made their way out the back and gathered up their mounts.The bitter cold outside sharpened their senses.Thick, rolling clouds began covering the moon. 
“It will snow tonight,” Sterlin said.
They all looked at the sky.Thoughts of sleeping in the cramped, diminutive room danced about in Range’s head like a dream.
They rode hard for a while, putting some distance between themselves and any possible pursuit.Range finally pulled up his horse and looked back toward the small town.All appeared to be quiet. 
Fat, sloppy flakes of snow began to fall. 
“We must get off the road or we will leave tracks,” Rolin said. 
“Tracks would be bad,” Sterlin said.
They began to pick their way between the trees occupying either side of the road.Range kept to a steady, deliberate pace.They found a sunken cove offering some cover from the wind, but little from the snow that continued to fall.
“Our tracks will be covered in a few moments,” Range said.
“Are we to camp here tonight?” Cortibis asked.
“It is covered and braced from the wind.We can set up a small shelter to block the snow and we can sleep in shifts,” Range offered.
“We cannot build a fire. It will be cold,” Rolin said.He pulled the oil-covered burlap from his saddlebag. 
The prince sat in his saddle like a lost child.
Rolin and Cortibis set up the burlap cover about waist-high above the ground and tied it to trees with rope.The cover would suffice for three of them but they would be lying side together tonight, to conserve body heat. The ground beneath was cleared of snow, and the men settled down.Cortibis took the first watch, while Rolin and Nicodemus placed the prince in the middle of the shelter. 
“Don’t forget this, Your Highness. You got the best sleeping spot,” Nicodemus said.”I still cannot believe that you abducted the Heir Apparent to the throne of Rommel.” 
“I wish you had been there. You might have found another way out of the dilemma,” Range replied.
Rolin and Sterlin bedded down on either side of the Prince. The low hanging shelter assisted somewhat by capturing heat from the bodies.Range and Nicodemus leaned up against trees barely under the cover of the tarp.Range’s right shoulder was getting snowed on, and so was Nicky’s left.They both pulled up their cowls and bundled up their faces.
A few hours later, Range was awakened by Rolin to take his turn at watch.He wearily got up, shook the inch of snow off, and began his turn.
While he had been sleeping the snow had continued to fall. The ground was a bed of white, and the tarp they had thrown up was covered.The wind had died down and the silence was white as the snow.
Eventually the snow began to taper and the half-moon lit up the cove like early dawn.Range walked around to the other end and moved behind a tree where he could watch the camp.Once behind the tree he got on his knees and said a long and earnest prayer to Ooln.He prayed for guidance, wisdom and relief. He prayed for honor and courage.He prayed for vengeance and deliverance.He prayed for absolutes and obviousness.
When done, he thanked Ooln for his health and his life then he sat up to take the rest of his watch.
The next morning they packed their things up and moved out through the benign wonder of the snow. Every tree branch had a gift on it, and Range seemed to get showered the most. The mood of the group lifted.They were back to five men strong and one hostage. Range felt like the trip was finally going well.
The sun rose and caught the white snow, causing it to glare brilliantly into Range’s eyes.The sun warmed him but did not warm the air enough to melt the snow. The road was blessed infrequently with other people.
As the day wore on the wind kicked up, but never beyond the point of being bearable.Sterlin talked endlessly about absolutely nothing all day,”…so I left the purse on the doorstep of the orphanage and the old woman about lost her mind!” Sterlin wrapped up his story.
Later the clouds rolled back in like a headache, and thickened as if stirred from above.Snow began to fall again.



.




CHAPTER 25

Urvo dragged himself out of bed and dressed quickly.He could not be late.Captain Turk would have his rank. He combed his hair back and straightened his tunic.”Good enough,” he said.
Urvo ran down the halls of the palace, almost knocking over a maid. He made it to the two doors before Turk did, but just barely.He tried to act as if he’d been there for a while, when Turk made the corner a few moments after.Like most people, Urvo hated Turk on site. 
“I cannot believe it is snowing again,” Turk grumbled.Urvo said nothing. He knew better than to speak to Turk in the early morning.
Protocol demanded Turk get an accurate head count of prisoners every morning and drag out any dead. Turk was required to take another soldier with him, so had ordered one always waiting for him.Today is was Urvo’s turn and he hated it. 
While Turk waited, Urvo lifted the heavy bar across the two doors and opened them to the courtyard.Bitter wind screamed into the palace. Urvo jerked his hood up over his head and watched as Turk did the same. They marched across the snow littered courtyard, fifteen steps in all.The distance seemed longer than it actually was, but they arrived at the door and Urvo banged on it.Ervin, the tired soldier on duty, pulled open the small window built into the door. They could see Ervin’s eyes peering out through the square. 
“All clear?” Turk asked Ervin. His tone was sharp.
“Aye Captain, all is well,” Ervin replied. Turk unlocked the door, handed the key to Urvo, and entered into the dungeon.The bolt shot home behind him as Urvo locked the door from the outside. The dungeons had been designed so that no one from the inside could open the door. A person standing on the outside had the key and was not allowed to open it until they received the all-clear from the guard inside.
An hour later Urvo heard the obligatory knock on the door he quickly unlocked it. He was freezing and knew better than to make Turk wait. Turk was always surly after his morning rounds. 
Turk scurried out into the cold morning. Urvo quickly locked the door and handed him the key.Once the door was locked, they walked to the huge double doors to await the opening signaled by the guards above. Turk waved once, quickly, and the guards waved back. The doors opened up and the two men scampered through into the warmth of the keep. 
Sometime later, the guards watching over the courtyard were jerked from their reverie by the sounds of banging and yelling echoing about the courtyard.They quickly shouted for other soldiers to get down there.
In moments the double doors were opening and six soldiers tromped out into the courtyard. The banging was coming from the door leading down into the dungeon.They could see a face in the small window built into the door.
“Fools!Hurry!Taelon the Hunter has escaped!” came the panicked voice.
The guards ran to the door and inspected the guard,”Ervin, is that you?”
“Aye! Taelon killed Turk!Then he knocked me over the noggin and walked out!”
“What about Urvo? Why didn’t he stop Taelon?”
“I was not conscious at the time! You’ll have to ask him yourself!”
The soldier chewed on this for a moment.”Why did Urvo unlock the door, if you did not speak to him? Procedure is for him to speak to you before--.”
“He was not following procedure!” spouted Ervin.
“Apparently not,” the soldier mused.“We must search the castle.If Fordde finds out about this, heads will roll.”





.



CHAPTER 26

A pall was evident around the City of Kitarssis.The mourning of the dead king continued.
As Range and his men entered the city, citizens wearing black kerchiefs and cowls passed them. The city itself seemed to be in a fairly good state. Range could see cleaning crews, cleansing and scrubbing at the grime created by the throng of citizens.Most buildings had a simple roof and walls still showing damage from the war. How could the city still be showing signs of a war that took place over twelve years ago? The smells coming from the buildings and the vendor stands were pleasing and bakery fresh. Range could hear a set of chimes tinkling like hope for a future.Laughs could be heard routinely echoing about, but they were wistful, taunting the group of men as they wended through the city. Someone had dropped her black cowl in the white snow. 
“Who would be laughing in a place like this?” Nicky asked.Range thought the same thing.
A woman with a black wimple bumped unwittingly into Rolin’s horse.She said nothing as she stumbled away.
“Are we staying in the city tonight?” Cortibis asked.
“Let’s see if there is an inn on the outskirts,” Range said.
“Yeah! A nice warm room!” Nicky cried.
They rode through the town and the steady flow of people.As they reached the far north of the city the crowds thinned out, allowing them to ride abreast. 
Trees thickened as they rode northward. The wind died down as the sun fell closer to the horizon.Around a wooded bend they came upon three inns huddled together.Surrounding the inns was a heavy copse of looming trees and beyond them, a loose forest.The sun had sunken below the silhouetted trees, dropping the inns into rich, murky shadows. The sky was painted a pale blue blended with pink. Thin, elongated clouds crisscrossed the sky glowing a brilliant orange-pink as the setting sun lit them. 
One lantern was set up in the middle of the inns, shining its smoky light on the underbelly of the trees.Range could smell wood burning in the fireplace and the oven.
All three inns faced each other and the lantern. A few people lingered outside, drinking and talking. Golden light stretched out from the entryways beckoning anyone happening by. Raucous laughter and music choked out in aggravated bursts.
Nicky removed the gag from the prince’s mouth.“Keep your tongue still.” 
Three young men stood at the crux of the road.
As Range and his companions approached, each of the three boys went into his sales pitch.Each one claimed his inn was the best.Each one claimed he had the coldest ale, the warmest cider, the softest beds, and the juiciest meat. Sterlin laughed out loud. 
Range turned toward his companions,”What do you think?” His companions offered nothing but a shrug.”Thanks.” He turned back to the three boys.”I have a riddle for you boys, the first one who gets it right gets our business. And I will also toss in a silver.” These boys reminded him of Mel. He missed his son. 
The boys nodded and started shouldering each other.
“Calm down. I will tell it to you all at once and you will all have a fair chance to answer it.”A few of the patrons milling about stopped to watch.
“Here is your riddle:I have two tankards.One is exactly three pints, and one is exactly five pints. Do you follow me?”The boys nodded.”Now I have just come in to your fine establishment and I tell you that I am very thirsty. You tell me that you have a three-pint tankard, and a five-pint tankard.I am thirsty, but five pints is a bit much at one sitting, and three just isn’t enough. So I tell you that I want four pints, exactly.Not a pint more!Not a pint less. How can you guarantee that I will receive exactly the amount that I ask for?Now be warned,” he said, holding up his hand.”It has to be exact! No guesswork involved.”
The boys began to think. Their faces contorted, their brows knuckled.Range sat there with his hands crossed on the pommel of his saddle.The rest of the onlookers were also trying to work the problem out in their own heads.Sterlin and Rolin pulled up next to Range. 
“What if none of them figure it out?” Cortibis asked. 
Range looked at the boys.”One of them will.”
One of the boys tried to discuss the question, but Range hushed him down and told him to think about it. 
“I shall be old and wolfish, by the time these rock-heads figure this out!” Sterlin said with a sigh.
“Indeed, it’s a simple problem. Their heads are filled with rocks.” Nicky said.
“Have patience,” Range said. 
Finally the lankiest of the boys snapped his fingers and yelled,”I’ve got it!”
Range dismounted and called the boy to him. 
“Tell me in my ear, and I will tell you if you are correct.”
The boy leaned close and whispered into Range’s ear for a few moments. Range nodded as the boy continued.He smiled and patted the boy on the back.The entire group stood about in a state of heightened, bated breath. 
“He was correct.” He looked about the crowd.”Do any of you know how to go about it?”
All either shook their head, or did nothing.
Range looked down at the boy.”Tell them.”
The lanky boy said,”It is simple.” And proceeded to tell them how he figured it out.
The crowd applauded.
“What is your name, boy?” Range asked.
“Ambell, Sir.”
“Ambell, which is your inn.” He flipped the coin to the boy.”I hope you are as wise as you seem and spend this coin well.” 
After securing their horses and gathering up their bags, Ambell led them into the Coughing Goat Inn, which was unremarkable on the inside. Much like every other tavern they had stayed in.The tavern was on the bottom story and the rooms on the second.
“Get some food, while I get the room,” Range said.
They agreed and took a table.The tavern was fairly busy. Most tables were occupied with somber speaking people.A flutist played groggily on a stool at the front of the room.A Barmaid wended her way through the room to their table.Range felt better after the run in with the boys. 
The innkeeper smiled and showed Range to his room.The old man only had two rooms available and they were small.The group of men would be able to sleep with their backs up against the wall, but not lie down. Great, another small room.He guessed it was better than sleeping out in the snowy cold again.He thanked the old man and sat the Prince down on the small bed in the room.It creaked in protest as the Prince stretched out.
“You know, if you would let me go downstairs and have some ale and food, I would not cause any trouble and would just enjoy sitting in the tavern, instead of these rooms,” Prince Remmy said sleepily.
“I will have food and ale brought to you.” Range felt sorry for the boy. He was just a boy.
“Wonderful, thanks,” the prince said.
Range sighed,”I can’t trust you now. That’s simply something you’ll have to deal with.”
“First you abduct me and then force me to stay in every filthy room in the land.”
“Please don’t start again.”
“Why not? Maybe I should shut my trap and be a good prisoner?” the prince asked.
“Smart boy,” Range said, digging a durry from his pouch.”There is much going on that you know nothing about.”
“Honestly, I don’t care,” Remmy said.
“Maybe you do,” Range said, lighting the durry.
“Think what you want, dead man.”
“Dead man?” He raised an eyebrow and stuck his quickflint back in his pocket.
“As soon as my father catches you, you’re dead.” Remmy was looking at the ceiling.
“If he catches me.”
“Not if. My father will catch you. When he does you will be hung. You are dead. I hope it was worth it.” 
Range pulled on the durry,”I don’t know if it was.”Responsibility gathered up around his chest like the giant hand of death.Things were so out of control right now he was lost.He realized that apathy would soon begin its creep into his mind.
“So many decisions for the criminal to make every day,” Remmy said, rolling onto his side.
Range did not reply, but set down his bag and slid down the wall to the floor, his knees up.
He was tired. The trip was wearing him out.Not just the physical journey, which he could cope with, but also the mental strain.It was one thing to be hunted, but an entirely different thing to be hunted by a mage and his pet Osaban Priest, a king and who knew else. Recompense would be doled out and divvied up appropriately.He would have justice. Ooln’s beard, he would have justice.He smoked the durry slowly.He would have his justice, but could he keep the king from getting his? Was it right for him to seek justice and ignore everything else and fight the king? Indecision churned inside him like a storm. 
He must get to Garon.

****

Outside the Coughing Goat Inn a dark figure materialized.
The crowds had dispersed and only the boys stood in the dim lamplight.They were discussing whether or not to call it a night and did not see the figure when it approached.They turned and spotted him and began speaking --but stopped, recognizing something wrong with this individual.
The figure leaned over and handed a coin to the larger boy.After speaking for a moment in hushed tones, the boy pointed toward the Coughing Goat Inn.The dark figure stood and floated toward one of the other inns.He disappeared inside as if he had never existed.The boys looked at each and called it a night.

****

Range and the Prince were both asleep when Nicky opened the door. Range gave a quick nod when he heard the door squeak and lay back down.The Prince was on the bed and Range still on the floor, huddled around the gray wrapped sword.Nicky sat against the far wall, kicked up his knees, crossed his arms over, and put his head on his arms.
A few moments later the door flew open.”We must flee!Danger has arrived!” Sterlin said. 
Range jumped to his feet, Nicky grabbed his sword, and the prince rolled over toward the wall.
Rolin said,”The mage and his adjutant are here.We must leave immediately.”His tone was even, and business.
The mage. 
Lazerek.
Range’s knees grew weak and he put his hand against the wall. He would kill that mage. He would do it now. Then he would kill the mage’s lackey priest of Lo.They will reap the crop they had planted. But how to kill a mage sitting at an inn with his men surrounding him?
“We are to battle the mage?” Rolin asked as if he were ready.
Range knew it was time to attack.”No,” he said. It was foolhardy to attack the mage now.”We must flee. It is the only prudent thing to do.We must get Garon’s counsel.I will not start a battle I will lose. If the mage must be fought then I will battle him alone. I shall pick my time and place for the battle and this is not it. You are accompanying me to my friend’s home. Once there you can decide on what your path should be.”
Sterlin breathed a sigh of relief.
“Let us be gone then.”Range said hauling the prince behind him.When would this be done?
Cortibis joined them in the outer room.As Range and his colleagues moved past the open tavern, he stole a glance toward Lazerek. 
The mage followed him with his eyes, but made no overt moves. Range’s stomach attempted to jump into his throat like a scared cat.Did the mage see something in his eyes? Did he know Range was the man he was looking for? 
They made their way outside and proceeded to get their mounts.Sterlin, who had to practically kick in the door, roused the stable hand.
The night was cold. Exigency shoved them like a bully.

****

Lazerek was tired of listening to the infernal flute music and was ready for a warm bed.He went to his room and decided to contact the Osaban Priest.He retrieved the loqua stone and focused his power.Once he whispered the focus word the familiar purple light began to emit and flow about the stone.An inchoate figure appeared above the stone.
“Nowata, what is your report?” Lazerek asked. Time was growing short and they needed to find their prey soon.
“I am at an inn near them.I have my minions watching the road from the building.They are still there.”
“Excellent.What is your location?”
“I am in a small cluster of inns just north of Kitarssis.”
The last sentence took a moment to register with Lazerek.
“What is the name of your inn?” Lazerek asked.
“The Whispering Moose.” 
“What is the name of the inn where our rabbits are staying?”
“The Coughing Goat Inn.” The words were like a coffin closing.
“AAHH!”Lazerek yelled, and threw the stone across the room in a fit of rage. The purple light arced across the room, chasing the stone. When the stone hit the floor the light disappeared. 
Lazerek jumped up from his bed and blew the door from its hinges with a hand forward. 
“Adjutant!” he screamed.
Gidas was there before the words echoed once.”Yes! I am here!”
“They are here. In this building!”


****


Range heard the explosion behind them and the yelling that ensued.“We must flee!” he said, spurring his horse.
His horse had taken five steps and was about to break into a full gallop when a figure appeared in front of him. He pulled his horse up in time to miss the dolt and pulled his sword, leveling it at the man. 
“I have him in my sights,” Sterlin said, with his bow fully drawn.
“Who are you?”Range asked of the shadow. The snow was brightened by the moonlight, but they were in the shadows of the trees. 
The figure stood and said nothing. 
“Get out of my way, or get run down,” Range said. 
The figure did not balk. 
“Run him down so we can get moving!”Remmy said from the back.Cortibis gave him an elbow.
Range could feel the chase growing. He didn’t have time for this. 
He made to go around the figure, but the figure moved to block his path again.
“This is great. Do you fools want to die?” the prince asked.”How did I get abducted by such a bunch of fools?”
“Quiet boy!”Rolin chastised.
“I will run you down,” Range threatened.
The figure raised both of its hands, showing them empty, and slowly moved toward Range.
“Sterlin?”Range said.
“I’ve still got him,” Sterlin replied. The arrow was on his cheek.”But hurry up, my arm’s getting tired.”
The figure stepped close enough for Range to see his face.Rolin moved up next to Range.
Rolin pulled a piece of quickflint from his pocket and lit a durry. Its rich orange glow lit up the area only well enough to break stiff shadows on the stranger’s face.Range kept looking behind him, waiting for the inevitable. Rolin took a few deep puffs from the durry to brighten the cherry.The man was pointing to his open mouth.He was making a strange gaggling sound.Rolin leaned the durry toward the man.
“He has no tongue,” Rolin said as if he had seen it a hundred times. 
“What?”Remmy said.”Let me see!”
“Stay where you are, boy,” Cortibis said. Remmy coughed up a sigh.
“How will we know what he wants?”Sterlin asked. 
“We can ask him yes or no questions,” Rolin said.
The man nodded.His face was harsh in the durrie-light.Not ugly, but worn and tired.His eyes glittered with quiet intelligence. At least he wasn’t mad.
“Did someone cut out your tongue?” Range asked.
Nod.
“Why are you here?” Rolin asked.
Shrug.
“Why are you blocking our way?” Range asked.
The man acted as if he had a sword and began fighting with it.
“You want to fight?” Range asked.
The man shook his head.They were quickly running out of time.Range could hear men yelling behind them now.
“Hurry it up, friend. We’ve got company coming,” Range said.”Is there someone up ahead who wants to fight?”
Nod.
“Might there be a few soldiers?”
Nod.
Range sighed and leaned back in his saddle.
“The mage has the area watched.”
The man nodded. 
“Do you know a path?”Range said leaning forward again.
Nod.
“Will we be noticed?” 
Shake.
“How many men do you think are out there?”Rolin asked.
Shrug.Then he held up ten fingers, put them down and then held up three more. 
“Anything else?”Range asked.
The man nodded.
“What?”
The man held his hands up like claws and loped around like a beast.
“Demons?” Range asked.
Nod. Cortibis sighed. 
“Ooln help us,” Range said.
“Why are you believing him?” the prince asked.
“What?” 
“Why are believing a word that comes out of that man’s head?We don’t know him!You commoners and your trust, you throw it around as if it were your manhood and you were proud of it.”
Nicodemus moved closer to the man.
The man stood his ground.
“Do you have a horse?”Nicodemus asked him. 
The man shook his head.
“Where might you hail from?”
The man shrugged and indicated writing.
“Perhaps he wishes to scribe some of his thoughts,” Sterlin said.
“We don’t have time,” Range said.”Stranger, if you know a way, then lead us. We have time for no other choice.Nicky, give him your horse, and let him ride.If this is indeed a trap, they will think he is the one walking, and not attack you. Let us begin!”
Nicky traded foot for hoof with the stranger and they followed. 
The man led them through an area of thick and snowy vegetation.On a few occasions they heard talking and others moving about in the woods, but no one stopped them.Apparently the mute man was indeed leading them around trouble.They moved at a cautious quick pace that seemed unnervingly slow to Range.He was constantly hearing pursuit when there was none. His heart was so thick in his ears he was not certain he would be able to discern real trouble.
Suddenly behind them Range heard actual yells of alarm. Someone had located tracks in the snow.
“Let us be gone!Our ruse is revealed!Fly!”And with that, they were gone into the night.Rolin pulled Nicodemus onto his horse as he rode by.
The night air bit into Range’s face causing his eyes to stream with tears.The trotting of the horse was a steady rhythm under him.Suddenly his horse let out whinny and he was falling.He fell as the air around him became black.He landed on the back of the horse with a thick smack. He heard the snap of the beast’s legs. He rolled off the horse and moved out of the way of the thrashing beast.The horse kicked its back legs in the dark, knocking over dark shapes in the pit and stirring up more dust. Range could hear the panicking squeal of the beast as it sought to right itself and pushed himself away. 
Above him, was a square of the dim night sky.Dark shapes appeared around the edges of the square. 
“Range, are you hurt?” came a whispered shout from above.
“I am fine,” he said, standing.His back was stiff, but overall he was in good shape.”But I think my horse’s legs are broken.”The horse’s breath was labored. It was too dark for Range to see the steed’s condition. 
“Hold, we will toss you a light!” He wished they would hurry. 
Range heard some rustling around and then the scratch of quickflint. 
A torch was lit and tossed down. He grabbed it and held it high. 
Range looked over at his horse.Its front legs were broken and twisted grotesquely, bone could be seen poking out and mangled meat scraped on the floor.The beast lie on its side panting heavily, its eyes wide with shock.
Range was in a house. The walls were stone and stopped where the ground above him began. Someone had built a cottage underground. 
The smell was like a sepulcher and dust floated about.The home was furnished richly, fine tables and chairs sat about the room.Thick carpets muffled his walk as he traversed the home. The ceilings were so high he did not feel claustrophobic. 
He saw no evidence of a door and wondered how the owners got in and out.
“Range, what have you found?”
“It appears to be a home.”
“How will we get you out?” came the whisper from above.
Range walked around the house, looking for some sort of door. After a few moments he saw a concealed ramp. He followed it up. It had grown over thickly with roots and he stopped to hack a few times.He finally came to a door with a rusted metal handle.This house had been unoccupied and buried for a very long time. Grime and dirt had long sealed the door.
“I have found a door, but I cannot open it from inside.You must use the horses and open it from out there!” He whispered back up to his colleagues.
“One moment!” He heard some scurrying around. He was certain that at any moment they would be found and caught.He knew their pursuers were only a short distance behind.
“Range!We have located the door. Stand away!”
Range went into the other room. 
After a few moments of thrusting and moaning, the door popped open with a small screech.Dirt and snow fell into the home.An idea was forming in Range’s mind.
Cortibis, Sterlin and Rolin made their way down into the pit.Nicodemus and their mute colleague waited outside. 
“Let us be gone quickly!”Sterlin said. 
“Let’s stay here.They won’t suspect we are hiding directly under their feet and we can rest.We can be off in the morning and be in Romus by day’s end.”
“The idea has merit,” Rolin said. 
“Maybe,” Sterlin said.”But how do we keep them from falling into the same hole you did?”
“We will need to put something over it,” Range said.
“Something that can hold up a horse?” Sterlin asked.
“We are running out of time.” Rolin said. 
“If we hole up in here and they locate us, it will be an easy victory for them.” Sterlin said. 
“Do something quick fools, before they get here!” Remmy said.
“Rolin, Nicky, come up top with me, let’s see if we can find something to cover that hole with.Sterlin, put that horse out of its misery.”
They scramble out of the home.The hole Range fell into was just big enough for the horse to fit.
“What if we got and get one of the tables from the home and lie it over that hole. Then cover the table up?” Nicky said. 
“All right.” Range said.They scrambled down and grabbed a large eating table. They broke the legs off and carried it out the door.They placed it over the hole and it covered it adequately. 
“Wont someone notice when they run a horse over this table?”Nicky asked. 
“Possibly,” Range said.He could hear more yelling and noises in the distance. 
“I will cover our tracks. You cover the table.” Rolin said. He went back they way they had come. 
Range and Nicodemus started to cover the table with debris and branches. 
“Make it tall so no one will walk a horse over it,” Range said. 
“Good idea,” Nicky said.
They piled the brush and debris up to their shoulders.The pursuers were getting closer. 
“Hurry!” Range said. 
Rolin was there. He appeared from the woods.”We must hurry.” 
“This is good enough. It someone starts poking their nose in it, the subterfuge won’t last, but at first appearance, this will work.”
Rolin and Nicodemus closed the main door and covered it up again. It was well hidden under a bush. No cursory search would alert anyone to its presence. 
The men and horses were stuffed inside the front room.
Range’s horse had an arrow in its left eye.Rolin covered it with a thick blanket. 
They settled into their surroundings. They had to be careful with the torch, it would only last so long, and they could not start a real fire. As soon as the torch burned up, they would be in the cold darkness.
Range located a quill pen with a moist inkwell.The parchment was old, but would hold the ink if they were careful.With the time left he decided to question their mute friend.
He placed the parchment and ink on a cobweb-infested desk.The torchlight flickered behind them.
“Hold the torch over here, I want to see what he writes,” Range said to Cortibis.
Cortibis found an old lamp and tested it, but it was too dry to support a flame.He eventually located a stand where he could place the torch.
“Now, first of all, what is your name?”Range asked.
The mute dipped the pen into the well, shook it momentarily and then began to scrawl.It was in a language that Range could not read. 
“Damn! He does not write in our language.”
Sterlin bent over the parchment,”It looks like ancient Torii.” 
“Let me look at it, you unschooled buffoons,” the prince said, leaning away from his anchor.
“Be quiet,” Cortibis said.
“Face the parchment this way,” the prince ordered. They did and the prince looked at it.”It says his name is Tu’Taelon.”
Rolin scrutinized the man,”’Tu’ is a title of a Deen in our clans.Are you Zmarly?”
Taelon shook his head.
“Is ‘Tu’ a title?” Range asked.
Nod.
Sterlin’s eyes widened,”You are The Hunter!”
Taelon nodded.
“Where do you hail from?”Sterlin asked.
Scribbling.
“He says he is from a land very far from here.He has traveled thirty-six long moons.He came in from the town of Romus.And was arrested in Kitarssis.”
“Why were you arrested in Kitarssis?” Range asked.
Scribbling.
“He says that…he was accused of a crime against the crown.”
“What crime?”Range asked.
Scribbling.
“It says…um…He…This is hard to read…” the prince worked out a few words in his head.”It appears that he had love with the Princess…No! With the Queen!”Remmy looked up at him with shock,”It was you!”
Range turned toward The Hunter,”You were the one.I had thought you had been killed.That was the story.”
Taelon shook his head.
“You are The Hunter. What do you hunt?”Rolin asked.
“Women” the prince said.
“The Hunter is the man hunting for his bride.He will know his mate and wed her, to live forever in bliss. It is supposedly an augur passed to him by his people. He will someday lead them with his wife, his soul-share. He is, by all accounts, royalty,” Sterlin said. 
“I think it is a whole lot of something having to do with nothing,” prince Remmy said. 
“The Augurs of his people have somehow imbibed him with a force that will lead him to his prey,” Sterlin continued.
“Yes, but why did he have an affair with the Queen of Kitarssis?”Range asked.
Scribbling.
“It says that he thought she might be the one.There is only one way to…to find out.Apparently he has to…cons-“
“Bed her down! That would be a great way to find your bride to be!”Nicodemus laughed. 
“So I guess you somehow escaped?” Range asked.
Scribbling.
“He writes:Yes, I escaped from the dungeon, but not before they cut my tongue out. They did not want me to speak of what had happened. The king wanted me alive so that I would forever rue the day I sullied his queen,” the prince translated.Remmy settled back, clearly bored with all of this now.
Scribbling.
“Remmy, come over here and read this.”
“I grow tired of translating his scribbles.Have him write down much so that I can lie back and read them.” He studied his fingernails.
“Why are you trusting us with this information?” Range asked.
Taelon shrugged.
“Where will you go, and what will you do?” Range asked.
Shrug.
“Perhaps he cannot find the love of his life if he is mute,” Sterlin said.
Taelon looked at the ground.
“You’re afraid you have let your people down by not fulfilling your deed.”
Nod.
“Then what shall you do now?”Range asked again.
Shrug.
“Oh, I’m sure he’ll join this little ratty band of hearty adventurers and do battle with the forces of evil,” Remmy said.”Run evil! Range Ironstone and his band of merry men are after you!” 
Presently they could hear the sounds of horses and men. If they were found now, then they were trapped and dead. 
The sounds of the riders dissipated.Cortibis let out a slight whistle.
Range sighed and leaned back against the wall.
“Well are we taking him with us?” Sterlin asked.
Range looked around at his companions.Noncommittal faces were his only counsel. 
Scribble.
Range picked the paper up and carried it to Remmy.
Remmy casually accepted the paper, as if it were a napkin. 
“He says:I am not a charity, I will make good on my own.”
Nicodemus snickered.
“If you wish to come with us, you can,” Range started.”You will have to pull your own weight and do your own share of the work.”
The forlorn Hunter merely looked at the ground. 
“It isn’t like you’re doing a great job anyway,” Remmy said.
“Prince Remmy, you are a hostage. Kindly begin to act like one, and shut up,” Sterlin said.
“Oh, the big adventuring thief, threatening the innocent prince,” Remmy said.
“Hardly innocent,” Cortibis said.
“Hardly a man,” Remmy said back.
“That’s enough,” Range said.”Let’s all get some sleep. We’ll make any decisions in the morning.”
The house was a tight fit, but they all had a place to lie down.Sterlin and Cortibis scavenged around and located some trinkets, which might earn them some money at market.They rolled up one rich looking rug and a few drawers full of silver.The rest of the men began the bedding down process. The lone bed was musty, but still in good working order.Range settled in next to the Prince and Nicodemus.Cortibis took first watch, and with him The Hunter.Rolin stretched out on the floor.
“How will the mute warn you of an intruder?” Remmy asked.”Wave his arms like a madman?” Range ignored him, pulling his blanket up over his head. The blanket smelled old and dirty.
“Will we be able to see anything once the torch goes out?” the prince asked.Cortibis snorted. Range had to admit claustrophobia was sneaking into his mind.He didn’t have time for it.If he could just go to sleep, he would be all right. 
“Can we keep the torch burning all night?” Remmy asked.
“No. Go to sleep,” Range said.
The prince was silent.
“Are you afraid of the dark?” Cortibis asked the prince.
“No,” Remmy replied.”More afraid of your breath.”
“Go to sleep,” Cortibis said.
The prince burrowed deeper into the old blankets on the bed. Finally he covered his head and fell asleep.
Range woke his companions the next morning. He could see bits of light creeping in from the manufactured cover.
The group pulled their horses out of the home only after Rolin and Nicodemus made certain no ambush awaited.
“Keep your eyes open,” Range said.
“That’s sage advice,” Remmy said.”Is there some new person in the party who does not know our predicament?”
 They rode the entire day. It had snowed the night before and the powder muffled their travels.The clouds blew away and the sun emerged during the middle of the afternoon, firing the day with dazzling light.The mood of the group lifted as they rode. Sterlin and Nicodemus even broke out into song. 
As the sun dipped heavily in the sky, they spotted the town of Romus. 
The light had caught the west side of the town, tossing the rest into shadows.It was significantly larger than the village Kor.Romus was the main town for travelers entering and leaving the land.The founder of Romus was a traveler himself who thought it an excellent place considering the Sky Silencer Mountains blocked any other passage to the land.Many people inhabited Romus, but few called it home.Most were adventurers seeking glory and renown in other lands.
The roads were clean and trash-free and the homes and buildings were arranged in a systematic way.Range could see some sort of festivities being put up on the west side of the town, red and white banners unfurled into the wind. He was impressed. For a town on the outskirts of the land, this place was nice. 
When they ultimately got into the town, the sun had already dropped behind the mountains.It was dark and the wind was beginning to kick up.The moon came out and brilliantly lit up the ground where snow still held.Most people were busy in their homes.Range led his group past the primary point of the village and more along the outer limits.He was following a small path that looked rarely traveled.Leafless trees with snow-laden limbs attempted to block their path.
Presently the trees split apart and there before them stood a nice sized cottage.
It was built from hewn stones placed perfectly edge-to-edge.Some sort of putty had been forced between the rocks to seal it. A toasty warm light beckoned them from misshapen windows on either side of the door.Billowing smoke plumed from the cockeyed chimney.Cooking smells filled the air, forcing Range’s hunger into his throat. 
Range approached the door, but before he could knock, it swung inward and golden light burst forth into the cold silvery night. 
In the doorway stood Garon Pourghadiri. 





CHAPTER 27

“Come in! Come in!”Garon beckoned them.
Garon was a short man with hair so thinned he had only a rim of white around his age-spotted scalp. Tied around the top of his head was a golden piece of cloth, thin as a finger.Garon could be considered jolly. When he smiled his face seemed to undergo a transformation.His bark-like skin wrinkled merrily at the sides of his eyes, his lips disappeared, and his razor sharp nose dipped down comically. He walked with a grace belying his girth, and a demeanor exuding calmness and warmth. 
As Range entered he was amazed at the trinkets and baubles filling every cranny.Strange looking things constructed of rope, wood, stone, or other ingredients lined every shelf.The ceiling of the room was high and cross-timbered, accommodating a multifarious dangling menagerie of strange gadgets and colored stones. The cottage was well lit and spacious with a fireplace positioned in the junction of the kitchen area and the grand room.A doorway at the back led to the bedrooms.In the kitchen was a sturdy, knotted-wood table that had been polished to a high shine. In the grand room was a large sofa accompanied by two stuffed chairs with hickory footstools.The odd shaped windows were just as odd on the inside, as if Garon had placed rocks haphazardly when building the house without concerning himself with the aesthetic value.Range realized that he had never been to Garon’s home. Garon had always come to him.
Redolent pipe tobacco spun through the air like a friendly breeze on a sunny day.A black pot sat on a fat fire in the hearth. Potatoes and meat floated in a thick gravy stew inside the pot.Range felt his stomach flip. 
“I was expecting you, Range. Welcome,” Garon said through a thick accent.
“How did you know I was coming?”Range asked. He set his baggage down, making sure of the Sword’s position.
Garon stirred the stew, giving it special attention.”When I hear news circling about the Swords of Saddig or some such. Then I know that you are coming.It is simple.”He sipped the stew from a wooden spoon. 
Range dropped to the couch, letting out a great sigh.Rolin and the Remmy stood by the door.Nicodemus settled into one of the comfortable chairs, kicking his feet on to the footstool.He leaned his head back and relaxed.Garon looked momentarily at Taelon as if he recognized him, and then he noticed Rolin and the prince.
“Please sit!My home is your home!I have food almost ready!” he indicated the chairs.
The prince looked around and said,”If this is your home, you can keep it.”
Garon eyed him for a moment and then set about some elusive task. 
Rolin took Remmy and sat him in the other chair.As he did, Garon noticed the rope binding the prince’s hands.”Ach! What is this?You bring prisoners to my home, Range?”
Range rubbed his eyes with his large fists.”It is a long story, and difficult in the telling.”
“Am I going somewhere? Are you? I think it best you begin at the beginning.You have seeked me out for questionings.I have heard a great many rumors in the village. They are not all kind, but I will listen to your story before I believe some other story.Begin and I will listen.”He pulled a pipe from nowhere and lit it with a twig from the fire.
“Can we eat first?” Remmy asked.
Garon shook his head.”It is not ready yet, boy.”
Range began telling his story, from the time he left Spadix until the time he arrived at Garon’s door.As he told the story, Cortibis and Sterlin came in and seated themselves.Garon stopped Range routinely and checked on his stew.The smell was filling the house and making everyone ravenous.Garon filled up tankards for all with spiced wine and settled back in for the rest of Range’s story sometimes stopping him to get more information, sometimes nodding and sometimes shaking his head in disbelief. 
“Range, what would your father think about this?” He sat and thought for a moment and then,”Let us eat and rejoice in your safety.Let us also give honor to the memory of your beautiful daughter, Zoë.”
He pulled out large, sturdy bowls and placed them on the table. He then took each one to the large pot and filled it with the thick, chunky stew.When he was done, they sat around eating and thinking. Not much was said.Remmy finished first and went back to his chair.He was asleep in a matter of minutes, ropes or not. 
“What will you do with him?”Garon asked Range. 
Range wiped his mouth on his sleeve,”Depends on what I do with the Sword. That is why I am here.”
“You are expecting me to give you answers?”Garon asked. 
Range stopped the spoon halfway to this mouth,”I expect direction from you and nothing more.”
Garon nodded to himself.He pushed himself up and took his bowl to a makeshift sink. 
Sterlin, Nicodemus, Rolin and Cortibis finished and pulled out durries.The room soon filled with smoke. 
“Now that we are here, what is next?” Cortibis asked.
“You are free to go. I will pay you in full for getting me to Romus as promised. Job well done,” Range replied. 
Cortibis sat, quietly musing. Range could tell he was thinking about his barony. Taelon sat on the floor in a corner and cuddled himself up to sleep.
“Tonight we will rest. Tomorrow we shall go into the town and see if we can sell some of the things we acquired at the buried home. But tonight we rest,” Range said.
“I will be glad to get to my new land,” Cortibis said.
“Is the job done here?” Sterlin asked.
No one said anything. Although they all hoped it was done, none felt like it was.
“What’s going on in town?” Nicky asked Garon.
“The annual race,” Garon said.
“Race for what?” Nicky asked.
“Gold. Every year the locals get together and have footraces. The person who beats everyone else gets five gold coins.”
“Ooln’s beard, that’s a tidy sum for simply running a race,” Nicky said.”I remember when we used to race for pride.” 
Range nodded.”Aye, that was fun.”Now that he had arrived at Garon’s house, his journey was almost done and he could look forward to getting back to his family.He was awash in relief and had to swallow a few times to get control of himself.
Nicky turned to Cortibis.”I remember when Range and I were boys, Range was in love with this girl named Alinda.Well Range and I were to run in the race. So Range sent a note to the beautiful Alinda to show up and cheer him to victory.So Alinda shows up all right and as Range and I run past her, Range decides to show his affection for her by blowing her a kiss.” He stopped and suppressed a laugh.”When he did, he lost his footing and tumbled heels over head, almost breaking an arm.”
“So what happened to the girl?” Sterlin asked.
“Oh, I won the race and then stopped by to talk to her afterwards. We saw each other frequently after that. Apparently she liked the winners. I always wonder what became of Alinda.”Nicky touched his chin and looked at the ceiling.
“She married Laxem, the shepherd,” Range said.
“That’s right!” Nicky said, snapping his finger.”I’d forgotten about that.”
”Let’s all get some rest and be fresh tomorrow,” Range said.
All nodded or grunted acquiescence. They were ready for rest.Each had his decision to make on the future. Who would leave, and who would stay.Range felt like he was in a room of strangers, not the group he’d been traveling with the past few days.
Garon showed them to the guest room, which held to single beds. Sterlin and the prince took them. Taelon continued to sleep in the corner. Cortibis and Nicodemus took the chairs, leaving the couch to either Range or Rolin. 
“I will stand watch for the first shift,” Rolin said.
“Not necessary,” Garon stated. 
Rolin turned.”Our hunters still hunt.”
“Aye, but you are safe while in my house. None may enter or get near without my knowledge. If they dare, they will get nasty surprises. Fun ay?” Garon moved into his own room. 
Rolin looked at Range.
Range shrugged.”Rest friend Rolin. We have had a long journey.”
Rolin gave the sofa to Range and rolled out bedding to sleep.
Range never thought a couch would feel so heavenly. For the first time in almost a month he slept well.


.



CHAPTER 28

Hamilcar had been drugged heavily and knew it.He was now a prisoner of the Zmarly. They had arrived the previous day at a strange looking city, if that’s what it could be called. The place was built on the side of the cliffs. Small round entryways led into darker, cooler passages and homes.Ladders and stairs were the only way to the upper levels where it appeared the more affluent of the Zmarly lived. A huge dolman sat in the middle of the place.He could not take in much more in his present state. 
The trip had taken almost four days of daily burning and nightly watering.His skin was burned and blistered.The top of his head and shoulders were too sensitive to touch.His nose felt like someone had lit a fire on it and his lips were so dry and cracked they bled when he spoke.He had already suffered many strange visions and hallucinations, he could not determine if they engendered from the drugs or the sun. 
On the day of their arrival, Hamilcar was introduced to Az Zahir, the Deem. Apparently he was some sort of leader.
Az Zahir was a huge man, Hamilcar was tall but his head only came up to Az Zahir’s chest. The Deem’s entire person was to be reckoned with, from his rock hard eyes to the rippling muscles covering his entire frame. His scalp was bald except for the coal black topknot of hair flowing to the middle of his back.He had a white scar on his forehead above his right eye, a token he looked proud of.He wore no tunic, but only dust covered breeches.A huge golden disk hung around his neck, apparently the official seal of his office.He was the perfect human form in a giant’s frame.Hamilcar understood why the man was the Deem: In battle, Az Zahir must be unstoppable. 
Az Zahir had spoken to Hutch and Hamilcar only briefly before dismissing them.Hamilcar was incoherent, so the talk was mostly unintelligible gibberish. The next morning they were bathed and a mild ointment was roughly applied to their burns.Hutch did not cry out, but Hamilcar could see the pain on his face.The entire day they stayed in the shade. Apparently the Zmarly didn’t want them to die from the exposure. They were in a makeshift tent that blocked any useful view.
Throughout the day he heard the guttural hatchet-speak of the Zmarly.Routinely someone would poke his head in the tent to check up on the two prisoners.The two men had been tied down to a post as usual, so Hamilcar was uncertain why he kept checking. 
Hutch was floating in and out of consciousness and Hamilcar wished to join him but could not. The constant aching in his stomach reminded him that he had not eaten in almost five days.The churning would grow so great at times that he would almost retch.His mind swam about the tent, relishing the coolness.He realized that it was not really cool in the tent, but in comparison to outside it was the middle of winter.Was this how the Zmarly had become acclimated to the heat?Who cared?
The coolness did not last.Nary a breeze visited the tent, and the stink of the two men was becoming almost too much for him to bear, causing his stomach to begin its churning routine again. In hunger or in revulsion, he could not determine. He thought of the Sword. He thought of his woman. He thought of impossible escape.
The night finally relieved the beaten land from the heat like a master relieving a slave and Hamilcar was certain he could not go on.He had steel in him. His mind knew this. But on the surface he’d given up.His resolve had worn out and he was vanquished.
He was dragged roughly out of the tent along with Hutch.They were given a soup of some sort, more like a broth with no substance but it was some something.Hamilcar hungrily sucked it down. The effects of the drug needled into him almost immediately.He was barely in control of his functions and the world became a much more vivid place.Colors blended and stood out. Sounds seemed to wash in and out of his ears like a river.He was at peace and did not care about anything. 
Time had little meaning to a man in his state.Az Zahir appeared in the middle of the ring (was it a ring?) and began to speak in his native tongue. The words flowed out like hatchets beating vigorously at stones.But it was nice.He smiled often at the huge Deem and was certain the Deem smiled back. 
He was then dragged back to his tent and tied to his stake once more.Hutch was next to him, sleeping the sleep of the dead.His coarse breath rattled in and out of his dirt-filled nose.A scorpion crawled up to Hutch. Hamilcar was certain the little beast was going to sting the man, but it did not. In a few moments, it was gone.
Hamilcar was thinking about his dog Puck, he had once had when he felt some strange movements in his pants.He stayed perfectly still until he could determine what it was, and then realized it was the loqua stone his partner had given him. He considered rolling over and trying to retrieve it, but the thought collapsed into a fragrant bed of flowers where he fell asleep. 



.




CHAPTER 29

Later, when Range reflected on this day, he would remember it as the beginning of the end.
Sterlin and Nicodemus went into town earlier that morning.They took the items acquired during the journey. They were gone almost all day and sold everything but the old rug from the sunken home.
Rolin, Remmy, Range, Taelon and Cortibis sat on a wooden table outside of Garon’s home when they arrived.
The day was warmer and the sun had come out for an early winter visit.
“I am telling you, he conjured demons,” Range said.
“If that is true…never have I heard of a mage being a follower of Lo. Completely probable, of course, but…unnatural,” Garon said.
“He uses godmagic and terranmagic?” Range asked.
“You said he had an Osaban with him, correct?” Garon asked.
“Maybe. He had one working with him.I think,” Range said.
“I think the mage has a disciple of Lo. He is the one who conjured your demons, I think.”
“Why would a mage work with an Osaban priest?” Range asked.
“A better question I think: how did the mage locate Bellatrix?” Garon said.
“How?” Range asked.
Garon shrugged and smiled.”I do not know. But this mage is making very evil friends. Perhaps he has done something unspeakable to obtain the location of the Sword.”
“Unspeakable?” Range asked.
Garon shrugged again.”If a man is rabid like a dog in his quest, he may do things that seem very odd. Does not a rabid dog bite its owner?”
“You’ve lost me,” Range said.
“Me too,” Nicky said.
“I was lost when the old man started talking,” Remmy said.
Garon smiled, causing his nose to dip, and his lips to disappear.”It is simple: This mage wants the three Swords. There are only three beings in existence who could locate the Swords. Actually four, but we will leave the fourth one until later.” 
Taelon nodded. Range wondered what he knew. He would lend the man his own tongue for a while just to see what he had to say.
“Go on,” Range said.
“You’re finally waking me up,” the prince said.
“You need more than just a waking up, I think.” Garon said. 
“He needs a good turn over my knee,” Cortibis said.
“Can we continue?” Range asked.
Garon nodded.”Three beings–entities perhaps.These are the only three having the ability and raw power to locate the Swords.”
“What beings?” Range asked. The old man rambled sometimes. 
“You know them already, I think.One is your god, Ooln. Two is Saddig himself, but in his exile to the land, his powers are not what they were. Were he still in Godhome, he could locate his Swords with a thought, and call them to him, if he desired their presence.”
“Okay, great. Who’s the third?” Cortibis asked. 
“Lo.”
Was it cooler outside?Was the evil god listening for his name and here now?Range pulled his tunic tighter, wishing for his overcoat. He looked at his companions, especially Nicky.Nicky stared back with fear and a solid look that Range could not quite place. Was it conviction? Fear? He could not decide. 
“Lo has the power to locate the Swords?”Nicky asked.
“In this land his power is second only to Ooln,” Garon said.
“Somehow Lazerek and this priest have used the power of Lo to locate Bellatrix,” Range said.The thought chilled him to the core.If a priest of Lo was involved, how many others were? Lo had many sects and they sometimes worked together. 
“It appears so, I think,” Garon said.
“If someone uses the power of Lo, don’t they have to give something up in return?” Nicky asked.
“They do,” Garon said.
“Why would the followers of Lo assist Lazerek in claiming the Swords? What does it benefit them?” Range asked.
“The Swords are the most potent talismans in the land. If a person had them he would be unstoppable.The followers of Lo are a power-hungry group. Think on that,” Garon said.
“Still, something is missing,” Range said. He could not put his finger on it. Something else was out there and it was just out reach, like a tankard of ale always jerked back, just as you were about to grab it. 
“What?” Nicky asked.
Range shrugged and sighed.”I don’t know. There is something else out there and we are not seeing it.This priest and Lazerek are working together to locate the Swords.”
“Perhaps it is just the two of them,” Sterlin said.”And no one else.”
Range nodded.”Perhaps.”But he did not truly believe it.Something itched in the back of his mind and he could not scratch it. 
“Whatever it is chewing you on the inside, you must think on it more,” Garon said.
“What?” the prince asked. He looked about, perplexed.
“I will. It just seems odd to me. If this is all it takes to locate the Swords, why didn’t someone do it a long time ago?” Range asked
“Perhaps Lazerek located something no one else has.He is very powerful, I think,” Garon said.
“He is powerful,” Range said.”But even his power, teamed with the power of the priest, seems to not be enough.Something else is nagging me.”
Garon bowed slightly, his rotund figure looking odd.”Now, we must decide what to do about the Sword.” 
“True,” Range agreed, glad to be on a different subject. He needed to dig deeper into his own recesses.
“Where is it?”Garon asked.
“In your home.”
“Fetch it.”
Range left to retrieve the Sword.Sterlin and Nicodemus produced durries they had obtained in the town. 
When Range came back outside, Sterlin and Rolin were sitting on the rug.The rug was floating in the air, about knee height.
“What is this?”Range asked.
Rolin hopped from the rug and turned to him. His face was pale.”I told you about my people sending me.”
“Yes?”
“In their vision, the man I was to find came flying.I thought the passage symbolic.”
Range shrugged him off and moved toward the rug. It hovered for a moment and then dropped to the ground with a muted thump.
“What happened to it?” he asked.
“I released it from my control,” Garon said. 
“What?”Range asked.
“The rug is simple, it almost has a personality. You must first touch it, and get to know how it ‘feels’ and then you simply give it a command silently, in your head. It can only have a few masters so you must decide who will control it. Too many masters and the rug will get confused.”
“So I must touch it, and then I can control it? Where does such a great magic come from?”
Garon pulled a pipe from thin air and began to light it with flame hovering above his finger.”They are rare.You see the magician who wants a flying rug must weave it. Every strand and every fiber must be put in with the same amount of power from the same person.Some say that you must also bind the spirit of a Calon faerie. The making takes many, many moons to complete, and most do not have the fortitude nor the ambition to complete one.”
“I wish to control it,” Range said.
“Then simply touch its tassels and began to know the rug.”
Range put his bundle in Rolin’s hands and bent to touch the rug. How does one get to know a rug? He could hear something, but not with his ears, like the tinkling of bells in his mind.He let go of the tassels and the tinkling continued, but not as strong. Almost as if it wasn’t there, but if he concentrated he could hear it.
“Do you hear it?” Garon asked with a smile. 
“Yes, like bells.”
“Can anyone control it?” Range asked.
“Yes but like I said, if too many people attempt to use the rug, it will crash. Very sad.”
“All right,” Range said, still touching the rug.
“Now, give it a command via your thoughts and watch it fly,” Garon said.
Range was uncertain on how to give a rug a command in his mind. He didn’t know the language.
Fly, he thought.The rug shot up into the air and began climbing rapidly into the sky.The men leaped back and watched it.
“Where is it going?”Cortibis asked, hooding his eyes with a cupped hand.
“Range, tell it to hover above the land only a few hands high,” Garon said.”Otherwise it will continue to rise. The rug is fast, but not smart.”
Suddenly the rug dropped almost thumping on the ground, stopping at their shoulders.
“Excellent!” Nicodemus yelled in excitement.
“Tremendous!”Sterlin chimed.
“How fast does it go?” Range asked.
“Very. Depends on the maker of the rug,” Garon said. He puffed lazily on his pipe.
“Can we sit on it, while it flies?”Cortibis asked.
“Who would want to?” Sterlin asked.
“That is its purpose, Sterlin,” Garon said, rubbing his hand on the material. 
“How is that possible?” Range asked.
“It is part of the magic,” Garon said.
“How does it work?” Cortibis asked.
“The magic gives you a solid grip to the rug almost like paste. If it inverted, you would probably fall off, but it can turn at different angles.” He demonstrated by knifing his hand through the air.”It is very simple, I think. Would you like to go for a ride?”
Nicodemus hopped on. 
Suddenly the carpet lifted off the ground.Nicodemus sat atop it.He did not sink down into the rug. It was almost as if it had a wooden board holding it up from underneath.He floated about the clearing where Garon’s home was, slowly. The shag on the rug was long enough to get a good hold. It presently lowered to the ground. 
“Excellent!”Sterlin yelled, applauding.
Range looked at the rug with a thought in his mind.”This rug could sit eight people.”
“Ten if you placed two in the middle, huddled up,” Garon said.
“What is on your mind?”Cortibis asked.
“I was thinking this could be used for travel, instead of horses.”
“True,” Garon agreed.”That is its primary function.”
“It would be mightily cramped on long journeys, and what about rain?” Cortibis asked.
“It would help greatly by traveling over trees and hills, and not having to go around or through them,” Range said.
“So, where are we going?”Nicky asked Range.
Range turned to Rolin, still holding the Sword. He removed the outer blankets from the Sword and carefully extracted it.Glimmering in the winter air, it seemed to have a life of its own.Range turned toward Garon who eyed the sword with awe. The scabbard’s unpolluted platinum, etched with intricate runes and shapes glimmered. The solid gold hilt crafted with precisely spaced ridges for gripping glimmered as if it were ethereal and not part of this existence. A solid golden ball served as the pommel, smooth and scar-free. The guard flayed out and both ends terminated in a perfect red ruby. Attached to the handle was a thickly woven red sash, which had been wrapped around the scabbard. Range pulled the Sword free, holding it with the gray cloth. The blade was impossibly sharp and the fuller was encrusted with glowing rubies that appeared to be alive.
“Tell me, Garon, where am I going?” Range asked.
Garon stared at the sword for a moment.”This is the Warrior’s Sword,” he said.”Bellatrix.”
“Yes.Entrusted to my family for six generations now,” Range said.
“What would you do, Range?Would you take the Sword and hide it someplace?Would you give it to someone else to carry its burden?Would you give it to a king to do as he would?Would you give it to a mage and let him work out its magics?”
Range shook his head.”I don’t know.” He knew he didn’t want the Sword.
“The Sword is being hunted by a rogue mage for not the most altruistic of reasons.What will he do when he finds you? Nothing good, I think.”
“Perhaps kill me and get on with his hunt for the other two Swords,” Range said.
“What if he already has the other two Swords?” Garon asked.
Range felt like someone had smacked him across the face with a board. That had not occurred to him. If the mage had even one of the other Swords he could locate the third.But once again, why did this concern him?“That would be disastrous.Lazerek has hunted me from my hometown, and is responsible for the death of my daughter and friend. Why does he want the Swords?”
“Power? Dominion? Glory? Who knows why anyone seeks the Swords.”
“But if he does have the Swords, he will be unstoppable. Able to impose his will on all.”
“Truly.Now tell me what you propose to do?” Garon asked. The rest of the party sat and watched.
“I do not know if this mage has the other two Swords.Perhaps he has none,” Range said.
“If he had one already, then what? He will have two. With two you can locate the third. The land will quake with fear.”
Range paced back and forth.The sun was beginning to hide behind the almost barren trees surrounding Garon’s property, casting cold, menace-filled shadows onto the hard ground.
“If you let this mage get the Sword then you will doom us all,” Remillion said.”Kings will have no way to stop him. He will rule the land.”
Range ignored the Prince.
“We do not know for certain if the mage has any of Swords,” Nicodemus reminded. 
Range continued to pace.
“Range, what are you thinking?” Garon asked. 
Range stopped pacing and turned toward the group. 
“I do not know. If I run, he will eventually catch me. If I stay he will find me. He has already found the Sword once. If I hide it he will locate it. Don’t forget he killed my daughter. I owe him for that.”
Garon said,”I thought it was an Osaban priest who killed Zoë? Range, you are seeking revenge on this mage for what he has done?Ooln’s creed strictly forbids revenge.”
“The mage sent him.Mages think they are the final rule in this land, but they are not.They too must answer to the gods. This Lazerek will answer for his transgressions,” Range said.
“Yeah for the pretender!”Remillion yelled.”You tell that mage how it is. At least, until you actually meet him and he fries you like a piece of battered fish.”
“I don’t follow you. What is your plan?”Nicodemus asked.
“I can no more battle a mage than move a mountain.I have no way to counter his power. The only magician I know is Garon.”
“And my skills are lacking for this task,” Garon assured him. 
“Shall we set a trap for this mage and slay him before he is aware of our plan?”Nicodemus asked. 
“That would be foolhardy,” Range said, remembering the look the mage had given him at the inn. 
“Have you ever drawn the Sword?”Garon asked.
Range said shocked.“It is not my right.”
“Whose then?” Garon asked, taking a long puff on his pipe. 
“I am only to guard the Sword.I guess it is meant to stay hidden forever.Saddig will know if the sword is drawn and come looking for it.”
“Is it meant to stay hidden? How do you know?The god Saddig will know when the Sword is drawn, but he will not know where it is.”
“My instructions were to keep it hidden and to not tell anyone but you. I have no other knowledge on the Sword. You know this. You are my counsel.”
“I am your counsel. You are defined by what happened to you in the past and cannot break free?”
“It certainly appears so.”
Remmy sat down on the wooden bench lining the front of Garon’s house.”Can we go inside? It’s cold out here!” 
They ignored him.He propped his head in his hands and looked like a sad lot. They had untied him that morning, and the prince agreed to stay with them until they left Garon’s home. 
“Your past defines who you are now.You cannot somehow break out of the lot that life has thrown at you? You are determined by your past?” Garon asked.
Range chewed on that for a moment before responding,”I think our past has a great bearing on our present.I do not believe that my past dictates my present.”
“Some people believe that we are nothing more than products of what has happened to us.Therefore we are simply people who are molded into who we are and what we are by the outer forces that govern our world and ultimately we are not responsible for our actions.”
“I do not believe that,” Range said.
“So you think that you could tear your self away from the direction your life is going in?”
“I think that I am my own self, and although my past has much to do with my present, it is still I who make the choices I make.”
Garon smiled.”And choices you make are based on what has happened to you.Your choices are not free, they are determined by your past.”
“I cannot believe that.”
“So I ask again. Can you break from the path that has been set before you, and trod a new one?”
“From what you have told me, I cannot. My decisions will be based upon things that have happened to me in my past, so my decisions are always tainted.But what if I consciously decide to take a different route?What if I know that I am going west and decide to go north?”
Garon laughed.”Then you are proving the theory!”
“How so?”
“By changing your mind to go north instead of east, you are making a conscious decision to go a different direction then you were planning.You only decided to make that conscious decision after I told you that your decisions are scripted. So you are thereby fulfilling the theory by making a decision based upon something that has happened to you or that you learned in your past.”He chuckled. 
“That could keep you spinning for a long while,” Range said.
“Truly, and do you know who subscribes to that idea?”
“Tell me.”
“The Praeceptors at the Akilade are taught this line of thinking from the first day they are accepted in the school.They believe this to the bone of their existence.”
“So this mage thinks that everything I do, I am doing because of what has already happened to me?”
“Or some such nonsense.” 
“You do not follow this path?”Range asked.
“Do not misunderstand. I fully believe in this idea. I do not think one single decision that you make is not determined by something that has happened to you.But I believe you are living life of your own volition.” 
“Then I must do something he doesn’t anticipate.”
“But he will anticipate you doing something he does not anticipate.”
“Why? He does not know that I know of his theory. This can only go so long.”
Garon smiled.”Then pull the Sword from its scabbard. And take a different path.”
Range looked into his hands at the forgotten Sword of Saddig. It hummed with power.
“Let us travel down a new path,” Range’s voice was a harbinger of hope and promise. 
His colleagues watched in amazement.The sun had just dipped below the horizon and they were standing in a vague darkness. Stars began to twinkle in the night sky.The air was becoming unbearably cold.
Range gripped the hilt and removed the Sword silently from its scabbard.The blade seemed to glow on its own, the crimson sash blackly dancing around in the slight breeze.The night sang with the power of the Sword as Range inspected its glory.Light seemed to emanate from somewhere within the metal, but as he tried to focus on it, it would escape.He raised the Sword above his head for all to see.
The power emanating from the Sword was too great. 
“That is the true working of a god,” Cortibis whispered.
“It has been kissed by Ooln,” Garon reminded. He did not take his eyes from the masterpiece.
“Aye, the hand of the father,” Nicodemus said.
Range lowered the sword and inspected it again. Power flowed out of the Sword and into him. It felt as if he was plunging his arm into a vat of warm water, then the power covered him. 
His arms were thin air and solid steel.
“Come,” Garon said.He waved his arms in the air and the torches at each end of the area came to life, throwing the yard into an orange light.”Let us test the Warrior’s Sword!”Remmy gathered himself up to one of the torches.
Garon walked to Range.”Who is the best fighter among your men?”
Everyone looked at Rolin.
“Rolin,” Range said.
Garon turned to Rolin.”I want you to test Range now that he wields Bellatrix.”
Rolin nodded and pulled off the extra clothing he was wearing.His bulging muscles looked ready for a fight.He fetched his staff and moved toward Range.
“Do not attack Range with fervor. For his is a lethal weapon now and it thirsts for the clamor of battle,” Garon said.The old man watched with interest.
Range approached Rolin.
Suddenly Rolin rolled and swept to the left, swinging his staff out to trip Range. Range caught the staff on the sword and flicked it away like a buzzing gnat.Rolin was fast, he immediately spun around with another angled hack at Range’s midsection, but it too was blocked. 
“Now, Range, press Rolin and make him defend himself. But be careful!The Blade has been asleep for a long time.Pray that it does not call Saddig himself.” That was a truly horrific thought.
Range began to take the offensive.He was a flurry of steel and sinew. Rolin was assaulted at every turn and steadily beaten back.A few times he was almost decapitated.Range inadvertently cut him on the arms and once across the back as he tried to rein in the power of the Sword. He could feel the power singing in his ears and almost taking full control of his every move.He was on fire. He was cold as ice. He was unstoppable.
The spectators watched in awe.
“Now the rest of you, join in!”Garon said laughing.
They did not move.
Garon laughed.
“Okay, I think that is enough,” he yelled to Range who stopped wailing on Rolin’s staff. 
Rolin stood; his breath was evident in the night air and steam floated from his glistening baldhead. His topknot hung like a horse’s tail.
Range was not breathing hard. He felt wonderful, full of vigor.
“Never have I been unable to turn the tide and take the offensive,” Rolin said through labored breaths.
Garon let out a guffaw,”My Zmarly friend, Range was holding back so as not to kill you. He was not even putting all his strength.He was having more trouble, not hurting you than he was doing battle with you.”He laughed again. 
Range was shocked. He still felt like he could go forever. 
“You do not understand the power of this Sword, I think.Bellatrix enables the wielder to unlimited physical resources, and unmatched fighting prowess.Range could have taken on all six of you and not breathed hard. No one knows to what extent, or how many fighters he could embattle before it would be too many, but it is a good number. However, once he puts the Sword down, his fatigue returns.He will feel the utter weariness of his battles.If he fought for three days, non-stop and then put the sword down, he would probably be dead from fatigue.If he battled one day, then he would pass out as soon as he let go of the Sword and would be out for about a day.The body seeks recompense.”
Range sheathed the Sword.He looked at Garon,”I feel fine.”
“Put the Sword on the ground.”
Range obeyed.
Instantly he felt an intense fatigue sweep through him.He almost stumbled, but Rolin held him up. It was if someone had put their hand on the top of his head and sucked out all his energy.
“As you use the Sword more, you will get more acclimated to it and its effects will not wear on you so.Your friend Rolin is in much better condition than you right now, and he was defending against you.”
“So if he held onto the Sword for the rest of his life, then he would never need to sleep,” Cortibis said.
“But the Sword would be dangling over his entire life.”
“Let us go inside!”Remillion pleaded. He was practically hugging the fire Garon had created.
“Inside for a warm cup of spiced wine,” Garon said.
They made their way in. Range picked up the Sword and Rolin rolled up the flying rug and brought it inside.
Garon busied himself in the kitchen, preparing the warm drinks.Remmy assisted.Range thought it was odd to see the prince help anyone.He knew he would have to let the prince go, but he was not even certain of what he was going to do with himself. He couldn’t simply release the prince; he must make sure he was safe. 
Moments later Garon brought out wine for everyone. It was just hot enough to burn, but the men did not care.All but Taelon gulped it down. 
“So Range, what are we going to do now?”Nicodemus asked. 
“We cannot fight the mage.We do not have enough magic and he has too many men with him.A pitched battle of seven against one hundred would be foolhardy.”
“I can fight as well. I am not a boy.” Remmy stood in protest.
“Sit down, boy,” Cortibis snapped.
“You sit down, commoner!Remember your station.This concerns my kingdom as much as anyone else.”
“I will take you out into the back right now and flog you silly. Now sit down and be quiet!”
“I will not be quiet!” the prince said.
Cortibis stood up and moved toward the prince. 
“Hold,” Range said.
Cortibis turned to him. 
“Prince Remillion, sit down. Or we shall all flog you.”
Remillion thought for a moment.”I am a prince and this situation affects my people.” 
“Range,” Garon interjected,”With the Sword in your grasp, you are protected from most magic, and you could easily defeat a hundred men, so long as they did not tumble upon you at once and knock you over. Although you are a great swordsman while wielding the Sword, you strength is only increased a small amount.”
“So what you are saying is that this counterfeit baron is unstoppable?”Remmy said.
“I am not saying he is unstoppable, only very difficult to stop.”
“So are we to continue running from this mage?” Sterlin asked.
“I see why he brought all of those men with him now,” Range mused. 
“Yes, he knew you carried the Warrior Sword,” Garon said.”But maybe he does this for another reason.”
“Then we must do everything we can to keep it from him!”Sterlin said.
“Indeed, think what a mage with that Sword would be able to do,” Cortibis said, eyeing the prince. 
Remmy gave him a look full of blades, but said nothing. 
“Then we must then find some way to take the fight to this mage,” Range said.
Everyone fell silent trying to think of how to attack Lazerek. 
Garon stood up to get some more wine.
“Why don’t you group of toad’s puss find the other two Swords yourself?” Remmy said under his breath.
No one said anything, but Rolin lifted his head and glanced at Sterlin, and Nicodemus stared at Range.It was clear that finding the other two Swords was an idea with some merit.
“We could, you know. If we found the God Sword or the Mage Sword, then we should be able to overcome Lazerek,” Sterlin said. 
“Splendid words from the thief,” Remmy said. 
Range turned the Sword over, inspecting it in the dim room.The firelight bounced eerily on the scabbard.
“Where do we begin to look?” Cortibis asked.
“Hold on,” Range said holding up his hands.”I did not say I was hunting for anything. I just want to go back to what is left of my family. I want no part of some adventure that will get us all killed.”
“Well then what—“
Suddenly Garon stood up, dropping his cup to the floor with a crash.“Intruders!Prepare for battle!”
The group of men was up and ready for battle before Garon finished. 
“Quickly! Outside!We cannot stay in here like a cornered dogs!”Range ordered.”Remmy, stay inside!”
“But I—”
“Do it!”
Rolin kicked the front door open and led the company outside.
The torches Garon lit earlier had burned out, and the companions were met with a cold darkness.They tumbled out in a flurry of clanking metal and creaky leather.When they all got outside, they went still as stones, listening.A slight wind stirred but the night remained quiet. 
Garon stepped outside and waved his arms.The torches sprang instantly to life, illuminating a circle of warriors strapped for battle.Their swords were drawn and their helmets were buckled, but their eyes were hidden in shadow. 
“Did they come to borrow a cup of salt?” Nicky asked.
“These are Sicari,” Rolin pronounced to Range.
“How do you know?” Range asked.
“They are Sicari,” the Zmarly repeated.
“Is this the end?” Cortibis mused.
From what Range could see, they were clearly outmanned at least ten to one. And he could see the shadows of other men just outside the ring of light.
Range with the Sword, and Rolin would lead the attack and protect the others while they defended their flanks.
“Are we ready?” Range asked. His resolve was suddenly strengthened by the overwhelming odds. If this is what the mage wanted, then this is what he would get. 
“Aye, let’s take the battle to them!”Rolin’s voice was steady despite the situation. 
“Looks like they already brought it to us,” Nicky said.
“I guess you won’t let us talk about this?” Range asked the Sicari. 
“Range, the mage wants to test the Sword,” Garon said from the doorway. Remmy was standing behind him, trying to look over his shoulder.
Range pulled the Sword of Saddig free from its scabbard.The light pulsed inside, ready for battle.”Then let’s test it. Everyone stay behind Rolin and me.”Range said. He had no illusions. They were all dead, but they would fight to the very end.The mage might win the Sword from him tonight, but Range would make him pay dearly for it. 
Suddenly Range and Rolin struck. As they did, the Sicari moved in. The slaughter began.
Sterlin stayed back and shot arrows into the opposing forces.Nicodemus yelled some ancient battle cry and threw himself gleefully into the battle. Cortibis kept Range and Rolin clear from behind.Taelon attacked with a strange looking weapon.It was a short staff with a spike on the end.He blocked with the staff and stabbed with the spike. 
Garon waved his arms working up a spell, when a flash of light shot out of the woods and knocked him from his feet.He fell to the ground and did not move. 
The battle raged around Rolin and Range. The bodies were stacking up as they whirled through the group like a firestorm.Blood shot out in all directions as Range opened himself to the full fury of the Sword. Bellatrix was a blur in his hands, madly swinging and slicing with precise, deadly accuracy.
A few of the Sicari fought their way around toward the doorway where Sterlin stood. One of them managed to strike Sterlin with the flat of his blade, knocking him unconscious. Cortibis was overwhelmed by the flood of Sicari. A barrage of fists beat him to the ground where darkness overtook him.
Taelon bounced and hopped about like a hare, but his opponents were too great in number and he was soon overcome by a rush of men. 
Nicky’s constant giggling was unnerving his opponents.None could touch him. And when the tide of men pressed toward him, he merely hopped on top of a few and let the tide run underneath him, stabbing down into the crowd, injuring as many men as possible.
“Come you wicked men! Speak to my sword!She is talkative and thirsty for a good listener!”He giggled again.”Range! Rolin!” He yelled over the pitch of the fray.”Is this not the ultimate battle?I can swing in any direction and hit anything I wish, while my adversaries be on their guard to avoid slicing their own men!”
Range and Rolin were too involved to notice their friend’s battle-induced insanity.They were surrounded by a pile of bodies.Rolin was an unstoppable force, but he was nothing next to Range. 
A force of men pushed toward Rolin, he killed the first three, but the momentum of the others drove the corpses forward, knocking him down. He fell and was covered by a tide of men.
Range did not notice—he was like death incarnate.Opponents fell before his Sword like wheat before a scythe.He was blindly letting the Sword work its magic and trying to kill as many men as he could.He knew it was only a matter of time before he must stop or risk dying from the exhaustion that would overtake him once he put Bellatrix down. He didn’t care. They would pay. The power running through his body was unsettling and if he were able to think about it, he would have been scared.
Out of the darkness three shapes emerged. 
One of the shapes lifted its hand from within its robes and a ball of light shot out and slammed Nicodemus in the chest, picking him up into the air, and knocking him onto his back with a sickening thud.He lay motionless.
Range saw the ball of light, but was too busy killing to stop it.
The figure turned toward him, and another ball of white light streaked toward Range.
Range saw the light coming and lifted his Sword. The ball of light bounced off the Sword and into the crowd of Sicari, knocking them back.This gave Range a moment to regroup.When he looked around only Remmy remained standing, alone in the doorway of Garon’s home. The others in his group had been overcome.He spun toward the mage. 
“Tell your men to back away, Lazerek or I will slay every single one of them.” He spoke with the conviction of the dead. 
A frigid voice crept out from under the dark cowl,”Ah, very good, he knows my name.Your knowledge will avail you naught. Give me the Sword and I will let you live.”
“Come and take it if you can,” Range spewed back.
Lazerek waved his men to attack Range again.As the remaining Sicari encircled Range, he prepared to lash out again.Just as the Sicari were about to attack, Lazerek motioned strangely, and the ground began to churn up. The earth itself gripped Range’s feet. He swung the Sword at the earth, chipping away part of it, but it grew too fast and soon it was up to his waist.The Sicari swarmed.He knew this was it. He was about to meet Ooln.
“Do not kill him!”Gidas warned.Range was shocked by the man’s order. 
They reluctantly acquiesced.Range swung the Sword, but the Sicari stood back.The ground swarmed up to his chest, covering his arms.He could not swing the Sword anymore.One of the Sicari knocked the Sword from his hand. He felt the rush of weariness wash over him. He was just about to pass out when the Sicari began to pummel him. 

***

“Take all of them.”Lazerek said.
One of the men grabbed the Prince.”Sir what about this boy?”
Lazerek eyed Prince Remillion.”Ah, the Prince of Rommel. What a catch. Take him.”
“My father will have your head,” Remmy said.
Lazerek laughed.
“Sir, the old one is dead,” one of the Sicari said to Lazerek.
“Well don’t bring the dead ones. Must I tell you everything?”
Lazerek walked over to where Bellatrix lay on the ground.He stooped over and picked it up. He located the scabbard a few feet away, and caused it to fly into his grasp. 
“At last,” he said to the Sword.”At last you are mine.”
