Copyright ®2021 Robert Price
All rights reserved
The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.
No part of this book maybe reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any forms by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without express permission of the publisher.
CHAPTER ONE
Christmas 2021. The offices of the Irregular Missing Persons (IMP) unit located in the basement at New Scotland Yard felt like a Middle Eastern oasis compared to the icy weather outside. Climate change had thrown an Eastern cold front at Europe since early November with temperatures dipping below freezing and staying there. The British public were told to keep a stiff upper lip by Government. Something that did little in the way of ingratiating them with the millions of voters struggling to keep warm, fed and commuting back and forth to work, usually in that order. 
Unusually, London bore the brunt of the cold weather instead of the far North. Cascading winds swept overland pushing snow and ice into the heart of the capital. Blocking roads freezing pipes and generally creating chaos. It was constant, relentless, and overwhelming. Londoners struggled as they did with everything man or nature threw at them. Coming straight after the final days of a pandemic seemed unfair to some but that’s life. Lock down took its toll keeping people safely isolated in their homes. Remoteness inevitably led to loneliness. The worst hit. Those with few friends or relatives. People are generally social animals who have grown up in a community that regularly interacts. Shutting off that interaction proved difficult for many who struggled to adapt to rules Government found it necessary to apply to fight the virus.
Loneliness accompanies so many depressing emotions it was not unexpected when reports of missing persons spiralled. None were immune. At the Irregular Missing Persons unit (IMP) located in the basement of New Scotland Yard next to the boiler room. The four officers worked in shirt sleeves. The heat from the boiler keeping the temperature in the mid-seventies. Too hot for the head of the unit. DCI Betty Buick preferred a cooler environment having grown up in a home without central heating. A home in which an open fire was the only heating solution. By comparison, her team were delighted working in the warmth after struggling through the icy weather outside.
Buick was a Lancashire lass whose parents settled in London when young. Growing up a Londoner her accent was a hybrid of both. In her mid-forties and unmarried, not that she hadn’t had opportunities. Meeting Mister Right had simply proved elusive. With mature good looks and only a hint of grey in her auburn hair she could still attract attention. However, she liked the way things were, had grown accustomed to the necessary solitude away from the job. Painting and reading history two hobbies that filled her personal time.
“Can’t recall when the snow came this early in the month,” Toni Dukes said, a thirty-year-old brunette detective sergeant with looks associated more with modelling than policing.
“Yeah, don’t you just love climate change,” Detective Inspector Branwen Maddox, a petite late twenties brunette replied. Her Welsh accent thicker than usual. “I heard the former U.S. President still claims the scientists are overreacting.”
“You mean the one who said the Coronavirus would simply disappear,” replied DI Billy Hughes, a giant bald Londoner disfigured by a bottle scar - scalp to jaw. He was the latest secondment and came from the British Transport Police. Joining the unusual world of IMP after an encounter with them a few months ago.  “Deflecting what’s happening with the environment helps his corporate mates. The bloke should be nicked for misleading people. Instead, he’s allowed to attempt a civil war.”
“I’m sure he’ll eventually get his come uppence. Just be grateful you live in the U.K.” Dukes told him. “The reason people are less inclined to riot here is because eventually the political elite come to their senses. If for no other reason than honed self-survival instincts.” “I wouldn’t bet on it. They’re still putting personal rather than national interests first. The British Republicans are flourishing because of stupidity like that. People have had enough with inequality. The Establishment is broken. Too much blatant greed and incompetents at the top. The public want fairness returned to everything from the Justice System to Social Services.”
“He’s right,” Maddox added. “You can’t trust any of them. Including and especially the top brass in public services. Now are you going to help me with these decorations or grumble all day about politicians?” Corruption at a senior level experienced first-hand since her promotion which did nothing for her motivation. Joining IMP saved her career. Keeping senior management at arm’s length with Betty Buick the buttress.
“Never understood why the Boss wants to be reminded its Christmas when the world is turning topsy turvy and we’re stuck in a basement,” Hughes grumbled. Christmas jogging vivid memories of the face scar that stressed the violent world they shared. Just two years ago. Bigger than most it was rare for him to be the target of bullies. Drinking alone in a bar lost in thought. Back to the door he didn’t pay attention to a pair of aggressive drunks stumbling in until they purposely banged into his stool. No time given to complain before one smashed a bottle against the counter and slashed at his head. The other jumping on his broad back throwing an arm around his throat. The blood gushed from his face as if they’d hit an artery. Not that he noticed. By then he was too busy unwrapping the arm from his throat and kicking the one with the bottle in the groin. The bottle dropped like a stone but not before its jagged edged tore down the side of his face. By then Hughes was on his feet twisting the arms off the other one before dropping him with a massive right hook. The look of shock on the faces of other customers staring at his bloody face convincing enough to warrant the paramedics deal with him after he handcuffed his attackers together for the uniforms. Today it was just part of his history. A reminder never to put his back to an entrance.
“She likes Christmas,” Maddox said. “I imagine her home must be plastered with decorations at this time of year.”
“Funny she never married,” he said.
“That could be said about all of us,” Dukes pointed out before inhaling to blow up a balloon. “Yeah, but I’ve an excuse,” He replied. “Being ugly as hell.”
“I won’t argue that” Maddox laughed.
“I think he was searching for sympathy or a compliment,” Dukes said.
“Who wants sympathy or a compliment?” Buick asked entering the office. Face red with cold. A thick overcoat with snow crystals on her shoulders. One hand in a coat pocket. Familiar satchel handbag hooked over a shoulder. Other hand holding a small Christmas tree.
“The man in the room, who else?” Maddox said. “It’s in their genes.”
“I bought us a nice little tree,” she smiled excitedly.
“You shouldn’t have,” Hughes said flatly. Head shaking like it couldn’t be true.
“Some of us can still remember our childhood, Billy,” she told him. Ignoring the fact that he was ten years younger.
“Twenty years ago, I was nine. Eager to see what Father Christmas would bring me,” Maddox said.
“And did he disappoint you.” Hughes asked.
“Never,” she replied happily.
“Toni will you put the tree up in the corner of the room. There are some fairy lights to go with it.”
“Sure, Boss,” she said. “There are two messages for you. One from Commander Bailey. The other from your mother.”
After Buick made herself comfortable, she called Bailey.  Hoping he was not about to land them with a new case just before Christmas. Not for herself but for her team. They had worked hard over the past three months and deserved a break. Not that government appeared to appreciate how well the emergency services coped over the pandemic. Reflected by NHS staff receiving a 1% pay rise after all they had achieved. The contemptuous pay award had also sparked discontentment within police circles with motivation at the lowest point she could remember. How her team might react to a disruption of their Christmas plans would be a mystery she would have preferred remained unanswered.
“Betty, thanks for getting back to me,” Bailey said. “Something just landed on my desk that fits your workload.” He sounded unusually distant. Distracted. Not his normal self.
“Really?” She hoped disappointment was not reflected in her voice.
“I’ll pop down,” he said. Always happy to meet her face to face. His attention not purely work related.
Checking the wall clock, she knew it would take him ten minutes. Bailey was nothing if not consistent. A big man with a big laugh and ever ready smile. He liked her. That was obvious. Using his affection to get what she wanted a norm in their relationship. He knew what she did as much as her. Maybe if she were looking to settle down Bailey would make it as a candidate, but she wasn’t.
Precisely ten minutes later he entered her office closing the door behind him. The others staring towards them through the glass partition that separated their offices. A thick manilla folder in his hands that remained on his lap as he used the chair opposite. “Bad timing, I know.” He said. Face grim. “Can’t be helped.” She replied. Acting like it was nothing.
“No,” he agreed placing the manilla folder on her desk. “CID in the East End between Bow and Manor Park identified a string of missing teenage girls with a possible link to the man in the security photo. The girls are aged between thirteen and sixteen.” She flipped open the folder and found several security photos of the same individual with a summary of information. The photos revealed a bearded male. Early thirties. East European appearance. His name Anton Radu. Romanian. Suspected freelancer scouting for potential victims. Known to work for Romanian traffickers operating in the UK. Convictions for Attempted murder, Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH), Actual Bodily Harm (ABH), Criminal Damage, Assault on Police. “Nasty bugger, but surely this is the preserve of the Modern Slavery Human Trafficking Unit (MSHTU) at the NCA?”
“It is, but something new recently turned up.” He laid another photo on her desk. An upended crucifix branded on the back of a teenager. “The girl was recently found by a uniformed patrol. Naked, beaten, head shaved and delirious. She somehow escaped her captors and is now in care at Saint Thomas’s hospital. I’d like us to monitor the investigation.”
“Monitor?” She queried. “We’re investigators not spectators.” Being handed a fresh investigation was bad enough. Being asked to watch others investigate worse. “My team are tired. They’ve been looking forward to Christmas….”“If it wasn’t important I wouldn’t ask,” he said.
“More important than any other missing person?”
“It’s a question of priorities. I need your help Betty.”
She studied him. Something more in his eyes. Concern. Dread. “Can you at least explain what’s behind your interest?”
“Not at this point, but believe me when I say I’ve come to you because you’re the best we have finding lost souls. I just want to know the progress the investigation team have and if you think they’re overlooking relevant details.”
“Don’t you trust them, is that it?”
“I want your opinion not a coloured version of mine,” he momentarily paused before adding, “There’s more. She went missing last week. Her brother Marcus Ridley reported her to the locals. Her name’s Jenny Ridley. Parents dead. He told them she’d been with three other girls now also missing. It’s the same homeless camp we’ve received other missing persons reports about over the twelve months.”
“Didn’t the locals set up surveillance. Try catching these buggers?”
“Too stretched,” he sighed. “You know what’s been happening. Cutbacks have chopped us to the bone. Homeless victims are low priority.”
“And they keep reminding us that we’re such a rich country. Inequality is a figment of our imagination. Where’s all our cash going?” Her agitated response received a raised eyebrow from Bailey.
“Careful Betty. Now is not the time to be voicing political opinions that don’t gel with the Establishment.” He warned her. The political arena had established a strong foothold within the policing service and was alert to contentious officers irrespective of rank or ability.
Leaning back on her seat. Eyes fixed on his. “Seems no one wants to hear the truth these days. That’s why the country’s in such a mess.” Buick had never considered herself as a political animal, quite the reverse. Yet she had been finding it increasingly difficult to remain silent when political pressure appeared to limit the behaviour of the justice system.
“For your own sake. Keep it to yourself in this place.” His warning came with genuine affection. She knew it. As she knew he would say nothing detrimental about her outside her office.
“Sounds like we need to talk to Jenny Ridley and her brother, if it’s permitted by the investigation team,” she said. “There’s something else you should be aware. She’s been muttering the same two words over and over. ‘Worship Satan’.”
“Our invitation,” she replied. “Is she a druggie?”
“Nothing major. Cannabis and Mescaline. Christ she’s only fifteen.” He sighed like breathing was an effort. “They found traces of LSD in her blood together with an unknown substance. That’d be enough to put her in the state she’s in.”
“And yet she still had the good sense to escape. Her survival instincts must be stronger than most.”
“I’ll arrange for the NCA investigation team to expect you. Their boss is DI Kevin Howard, do you know him?”
“No, but I’m sure we’ll get along,” she smiled.
“The hospital and ward details are in the folder.” Rising from the seat he stood and looked down at her. “Everything you need is in there. Keep me posted.” Leaving without saying more was unusual. Flirting had become a routine part of their relationship and something she enjoyed, but not today. Bailey had his head knee deep in something besides the latest case. Spectating on what it might be a pointless exercise. He would tell her when the time was right.
As she stepped out of her office the three officers turned to meet her. Guessing they knew Bailey only visited for a one reason.
“We’ve a new job,” she told them.
No one complained. No obvious disappointment. In their world nothing good occurred just before Christmas. As if all the nasties were determined to stop their fun. Emergency service personnel across the board saw holidays as potential work hotspots on the annual calendar.
“Must be serious, Boss,” Dukes said.
“Homeless teenagers going missing over the past year until one recently re-appeared with an upended crucifix branded on her spine. She’s delirious but muttering the words, ‘Worship Satan.’
“Knew he had to be in it somewhere,” Dukes added. “Is that the reason for the sudden interest in the homeless?” Buick shot her a questioning look. “You have to admit it’s rare. They don’t usually attract attention from the brass unless they’re doing something illegal.”
“It didn’t used to be, but your point is taken,” she replied. “We’re not here to dwell on the reasons why management handed us a job. We’ve work to do.” Hesitating momentarily before explaining further as the flash of how they would react struck home. “We’re to monitor what the NCA is doing with their investigation and report back any progress.”
“What?” Maddox sounded as surprised as the others looked.
“Our role will be as spectators until we’re told otherwise,” she confirmed.
“Why?” Maddox asked.
“Because that’s the way the brass wants it for now.”
“They want us to spectate an investigation over Christmas?” Hughes clarified.
“Don’t think about it too long just do it. I’m as unsighted as all of you what’s behind this but Bailey wouldn’t have asked without good reason.” It could have been worse she thought. At least they appeared to accept their instructions.
“Are there any suspects or clues?” Hughes continued. “Or should we wait until we meet with NCA to learn more?
”Hughes a secondment from British Transport Police (BTP), could get away with more than either of her other officers for that reason. Built like a tank he was accustomed to his size being sufficient for answers to flow in his direction without argument even from colleagues. Yet over the past few months Buick had learned that once an individual had gained his respect his obedience was absolute. Her leadership had given her that several times over.
“One. A Romanian. Anton Radu. He’s a trafficker. It seems probable that a second girl as well as Ridley’s brother escaped from them when they came to the UK. Her brother is the one who reported her missing. Both parents are deceased. Acquaint yourselves with this file. Bran, you, and Billy go visit the hospital talk to Ridley. You’ll be expected. DI Kevin Howard is the NCA lead. When you’re finished at the hospital visit the brother. The camp he’s staying is listed in the file.”
Dukes stood patiently waiting for instructions.
“Go online and look for a crucifix the same as the one branded on the girl. There’s a photo. It’s unusual. Distinctive features. Might help point us in a direction.” She returned to her office and dropped into the seat, suddenly weary. It wasn’t fair. In the outer office the Christmas decorations suddenly out of place. Why bother, she thought.
CHAPTER TWO
Saint Thomas’s hospital was not a great distance from the Yard but the wintry weather either side of Westminster Bridge made progress irritatingly slow with traffic barely moving. Hughes sat behind the wheel suppressing an urge to complain. His large hands gripped tightly around the wheel revealing huge white knuckles. Beside him Maddox felt his frustration. Shared it. Thoughts mixed. Intending to spend Christmas with her parents for the first time in years now a forlorn hope. They would be disappointed but not as much as her. She needed the break. Wanted to spend time away from crime and criminals. Her parents world offered her that. Almost another reality. One in which people behaved within the rules created by society. The worst thing any of them had ever done was receive a parking ticket. Ordinarily the thought might have made her laugh to herself, but she was tired. The last case had taken a heavy toll. Long hours. Unsightly murders. Broken relatives. At least they had caught the culprits. The least they could do. Never enough for the relatives who would have preferred their children returned unharmed. The snow began to fall thickly. As if without gaps between the flakes. The speed of the curtain of traffic in front of them dropped from five miles an hour to two.
Somewhere ahead sat Lambeth bridge. One of one hundred and four bridges that crossed the River Thames. Not that either of them could see it other than the dim lighting bright spots sitting above it indicating it was still there. Odd how snow changed everything creating a fresh image of a familiar landscape making it suddenly unfamiliar. With roads and pavements now white avenues destined to prove treacherous if allowed to turn to sheets of ice. Inside the warm car with its heater turned to full the wintry weather might have been someplace else. Its image televised instead of just outside the door. Edging closer to the large teaching hospital neither spoke. In the late afternoon darkness, its shadowy silhouette seemed close enough to touch. Taunting them with its close proximity. A few unclosed blinds from ground to its thirty fourth level cast faint glows of light. Just enough to be visible.
Had the hospital been a warship it would have shown battle scars. The pandemic had hit it hard. Staff had sometimes felt overwhelmed as soaring death rates had made the UK one of the worst among its European neighbours. Face masks and social distancing had proven effective but amazingly some remained unconvinced the rules around them should be adhered. Preferring to accept word on social media and from the former President of the United States that the restrictions were some sort of government plot to undermine freewill. Had any of those individuals taken a moment longer to consider the death toll they might have figured they were wrong.
In the end it took them an hour to reach the hospital. Jenny Ridley had a uniformed sentry at the door to her room. A familiar face who gave a smile before stepping aside.
DI Howard was waiting for them with a doctor. The doctor a small, rounded figure wearing thick spectacles turned to them with a frown creasing his brow. “If she talks listen. Don’t push her she’s still fragile.”
He waited for them both to nod then left them with Howard.
“I was told you’d be visiting,” he said. Uncertainty behind his eyes. It was unusual for the NCA to collect spectators along the way during an investigation. Particularly from another organization.
“We’re as much in the dark as you Kevin,” Maddox said, tone reassuring. The last thing they wanted was to step on the toes of fellow officers. “However, if you’d like my opinion?” She paused long enough for him to nod. “The upended crucifix branded on her spine is right up our street. I’d guess it’s the reason we’re here. After all we were instructed to watch rather than participate in the investigation. Just in case we spot something familiar to our field of expertise.”
“I see,” he replied eyeing Maddox thoughtfully. “Thanks for being frank. These days that’s becoming a hard trait to find. Though I’m quite happy for you to talk to our victim. Just keep me up-to-speed with what she tells you. I’ve already sent you a copy of our report to-date.”
“Appreciate that,” Maddox smiled. “I thought you might want to stay while we chatted with her?”
“No. You might do better without my ugly mug there. She’s awake, though doesn’t talk much. The doctors tell me moving her mouth hurts. The bastards made a mess of her face never mind the rest of her body.”
“Are you ruling out traffickers?” She asked catching what he was about to ask. “I’m asking because traffickers don’t usually damage their merchandise.”
“We’re being open minded, but it’s possible this isn’t traffickers,” he replied.
“What then?” Hughes asked.
“Serial killer, snuff movie maker who knows?” He shrugged. “But if you want my opinion?”
Maddox grinned, “I’d like to hear it.”
He sucked in a deep breath before answering, “I think she was a stroppy teenager who refused to do what she was told and her captors over-reacted.”
“Did she tell you that?” Maddox asked.
“She didn’t have to,” Hugh’s interrupted. “Her escape shows they couldn’t control her.”
Howard nodded, “She’s awake. At least her eyes are open. She slips in and out of consciousness. Just do as the doctor told you and don’t press too hard.” He left them alone the door swinging shut behind him.
Maddox used a seat by the bedside while making their introductions. Ridley showed no sign of recognition. Expression blank. Words without meaning. Her mind dancing with thoughts outside the room. Deep bruises were blue and mauve. Destined to leave scars. Nose broken. No longer pretty. But lucky to be alive.
Hughes remained by the door. His bulk less likely to appear intimidating.
“What can you tell us about what happened?” Maddox asked while Ridley stared blankly at the ceiling. “Are you aware that you were branded?” She reached forward with a photograph of the upended crucifix burnt into her back.
The teenager’s eyes tore away from the ceiling as the photograph appeared. A moment passed. Her scream surprised them. Agonizing in its ferocity. Maddox eyes wide gently touched her arm, “It’s okay. We’re not here to hurt you.”
The uniform on guard outside the door crashed in banging into Hughes. Ridley snatched the photograph from Maddox and threw it aside. Arms flaying as she fought the sheets for grip to get up. Maddox held her shoulders. Hughes her legs. The uniform stood unmoving taking it all in. A crowd of doctors and nurses rushed in. Taking control. Ordering them out. Mayhem. Ridley screamed a second time. Reliving a nightmare.
Maddox collected the photograph from the floor and turned to leave.
“You weren’t meant to upset her!” The spectacled doctor snapped. “This young woman’s been through enough. She didn’t need a visit from the Heartless Police!”
Maddox snapped turning back to face him. Fire in her eyes. Hughes grabbed her, blocking out the doctor with his body. “Now is not the time to lose your cool. Take a deep breath. Turn and leave.”
“Wait!” Ridley shouted. Head off the pillow as the medical staff rushed round.
Maddox popped her head to one side of Hughes. “What is it Jenny?” “They hurt me,” she said. Momentarily pausing before adding, “They hurt us all. They worship Satan.”
“Who are they?” Maddox asked ignoring the doctor as she moved nearer.
Ridley suddenly choked. Swallowing as if to clear her throat. Words stuck. Head shaking. Conversation finished.
“Enough, get out!” The doctor snarled.
As they headed to the car. The snow no longer falling. Crunching it underfoot. Hughes shot her a look, “Let’s hope we do better with the brother.”
***
The homeless encampment was established at a Recreational Ground off the Albert Road. A place where children once played on green fields that provided the local community somewhere safe to unwind. In 2006 it had won the prestigious Green Flag award. Given for being welcoming, safe and well-managed with the participation of the local community. A different vision to the one today. Now a shanty town created from cardboard, pallets, tents, and corrugated metal. Overfilled rubbish bins spewing cartons, crisp packets and sanitary towels joined a mess of other litter surrounding each. Here and there a fat rat scurried between them. A blanket of snow covered it all as if wanting to conceal reality. Welcome to the Twenty First century.
“I used to come here as a kid,” Hughes said. Dismayed. The sight of so many homeless unexpected. As was the waste. “Haven’t been back in years. It was different then.”
“You alright?” She asked noting the dismay in his tone. It wasn’t like Hughes to show sentimentality.
“Chokes me up to see it like this. It should never happen, not in this century. The UK’s gone backwards in time. Makes me sick. So many governments have claimed to be building us all a better future. If this is what they meant they shouldn’t have bothered.”
“You can stay in the car. I’ll go chat with her brother,” Maddox understood. It was the same with Dukes. Their country ruined by consecutive governments. Politics now a part of everyone’s life. More so over the past ten years. The huge divisions between rich and poor harking back centuries. The rise of the British Republicans a challenge that refused to be ignored. Where she stood if the shooting started, undecided. Democracy a worthy cause. Equality another. Capitalism could be too if the greedy nature of those in power would avoid tainting it. Capitalism only works if everyone is allowed a level playing field. Something the rich refused to accept.
“Nah,” he shrugged off the nostalgia and climbed out.
The largest tent looked to be in the centre of the camp. Taller than any other makeshift accommodation with the only satellite dish on view. A customary sign for an encampment leader. About two hundred and fifty people lived on the site. All close to the edge of survival. Arriving outside the big tent brought out a couple of thugs. Neither as big as Hughes. Still, they made a valiant effort of trying to ignore him by staring hard at Maddox. She was petite. Female. Good looking. Less intimidating.
“Do you have a search warrant?” One of them asked without seeing her ID.
“We only want to talk. If we have to come back, I’ll bring an army of uniforms and tear this place apart. Your call.”
The thug screwed his face up like it was necessary for him to think. Maybe it was who knew?“
Let them in Paul,” a gravelly voice from inside the tent called out.
The thug moved aside. The interior of the tent was larger than expected. Easily twelve by twelve and eight feet tall. A pair of centre poles kept the top in place. Between them a table. Behind the table a sofa. On it a fat bearded man wearing a thick overcoat buttoned to the collar. Either side of him a couple of young women. No more than seventeen. Exposing more flesh than might be expected given the low temperature. The sound from a couple of blow heaters blasting away somewhere behind them explaining how they managed without freezing to death. Leaning against his bulk as if for protection they vied for attention making cooing sounds intended to catch his consideration. His grin showed that he revelled in their efforts while focusing his gaze on the newcomers. “You’re not from round here. I know all the locals.”
“We’re with Missing Persons at Scotland Yard,” Maddox told him flashing her ID. “How old are they?”
“Old enough,” he grunted. Noting her look of disapproval. “You won’t get me playing with jailbait. Especially not with the old bill standing under my roof.” He laughed aloud as one of the girls tickled his ear with her tongue. Distracted he whispered something to the girl and nodded at the bed behind the sofa.
To Maddox it seemed like they were being ignored. Nothing more annoying to cops. Contempt comes in many forms and being ignored was right up there with the worst of them. However, it’s something easily remedied because they can change the situation with a few moves that never fail to catch attention. She took a couple of steps towards him and immediately sensed a change of mood. He knew what she was about to do. Probably had experienced it before. A quick brush of his hand brought the tickling to a halt. “You need to stop now. You’re upsetting the lady officer.” He eyed her up and down as if measuring her for an audition. “The officers get prettier by the way,” he grinned showing off two rows of white teeth that would have looked good on a movie star. “What can I do for you?”
“What’s your name?”
“Evan Judd. Head of this camp.” He said it like it meant something other than that he was a criminal. Possibly a pimp. Probably a trafficker, racketeer or involved in some other low life endeavour.
“We’re looking for Marcus Ridley. Do you know where he can be found?”
“Marcus,” he rubbed his beard. “Nice lad.” The girls either side shifted uneasily. Unwilling to meet her gaze. People do that in the presence of law officers. Homeless more than most. Odd then, that it took the mention of Jenny Ridley to trigger something that should have happened earlier. The girls were clearly uncomfortable listing to a conversation about the Ridleys. Why was that she wondered?
“We found his sister,” she added.
“Alive?” His dark eyes suddenly lit up body taut with interest. As he leaned forward the girls snuck away behind the sofa climbing onto the bed.
“Why would she be otherwise?”
He chortled, “Kids round here go missing all the time. Some get found and return. Some can’t. More can’t than can if you know what I mean. I blame the government. It cut back so much on the police over the past decade there’s hardly enough of you to do the job.”
“There’re still enough. So, you know his sister too?” Hughes asked. “Was she one of your playthings?”
“I know everyone and everything about my community,” he replied without changing where his gaze was focused. Hughes an imposing figure. The type who had the physical presence to demolish any of his challenges. The female much less a threat. At least that was his thinking. “And no, she was never into relationships with older men. Shame really, she was pretty.”
“Glad to hear not all girls end up in here,” Maddox told him.
“You’re wrong about me Detective Inspector. I’m not as bad as you think. I’m the Democratic leader of this site. Elected annually. To be effective I need to visit each in turn to get their vote. Made it my business to remember each one. Like any bloke I remember pretty girls. Jenny was blossoming into a beauty.” “She still is,” Hughes correcting him.
“Of course,” he grumbled a frown burying his face in wrinkles. “You can usually find Marcus at his box on the south perimeter. He painted it bright yellow so you can’t miss it.”
“Thank you, Mister Judd,” she replied. “Have you any idea who took her?”
“Me!” He exclaimed. “No idea at all. As I say kids come and they go. It’s a free country.” As they turned towards the entrance he called out. “Out of curiosity where did you find her?” Maddox looked over her shoulder. “In a gutter on an East London street.” They came out of the tent without saying more. Her body language agitated. As if bitten by a wasp.
“Are you okay?” He asked. It seemed only right. After receiving sympathy over where he lived as a child now looking like a rubbish tip. Meeting the head of that rubbish tip took it to a whole new lower level. Besides, he knew where Maddox stood on female equality and the sight of those girls would have more than bothered her.
“I will be as soon as I get the stench of that low life out of my nostrils!” She snapped, striding vigorously towards the south perimeter. The yellow tent easily visible in the distance.
Three young men stood outside the makeshift home. Two a little older than Marcus. Pulling on hoodies they moved quickly away without looking back after seeing their approach. Her brother waited patiently. Guessing the reason for their visit. Possibly hoping it was not more bad news.
“I know she’s been found,” he said as they joined him.
“We’re part of the investigations team. Just want to ask you a few questions,” she said.
“I’m not sure there’s anything else I can add that I haven’t said already.”
“You can tell us what you know about Mister Judd?”
“Judd?” “He seems to know everything he needs to know about what goes on here. Yet he hasn’t a clue when it comes to who’s kidnapping girls. Doesn’t that strike you as odd?”
“It might, but he’s been good to us,” his tone suggested it was the truth. Additionally, Ridley had no reason to lie. However, as far as Maddox was concerned that didn’t exonerate Judd. Simply meant that he was more devious than she had given him credit. Being a moron did not automatically make someone unintelligent. That had been proven dozens of times by those in the political arena. She guessed it was how intelligence was applied that counted. Deviousness alone was a highly developed skillset that triggered intelligent plans. There was little doubt in her mind that Judd came fully loaded with a personal skillset. “How’s he been good to you?” She asked.
“We had trouble with a couple of the families here when we first arrived. He sorted it for us. Haven’t had any problems since.”
“Other than someone kidnapping your sister,” Hughes reminded him
“That’s not Judd. I don’t believe it,” He replied standing firm. That kind of loyalty not easily won. The fat man had certainly done a good job on him.
“Who did you have trouble with?”
“They’re gone now. Judd kicked them out.”
“That’s pretty extreme considering you were the newcomers?” Hughes said.
“He told me they’d been a problem from the outset. Always arguing with everyone including him. I think he was glad for an excuse to see the back of them.”
“What were their names?”
“There were six of them. A family. Nowak. Antoni the older brother. I think their father’s name was Kacper. I don’t know the names of the others. Two boys, two girls and mother. Judd told me they were Polish,” he said. “You don’t think they’d come back to take Jenny?” “What did you argue over?”
“The eldest brother tried to paw Jen. We had a fight,” the anger that sparked a fight still with him. Hughes saw it knew the sensations driving his emotions. “I won and the entire family came round. Their dad is a mean dude. Almost as big as you. He’d have killed me if Judd hadn’t stopped him. I owe him my life.”
“Do you know where they went?”
He shook his head. “One day they were next to us then they were gone. I didn’t even hear them leave.”
Finding help in a place like a homeless camp isn’t always as easy. Maddox guessed Ridley’s relief had quickly turned to gratitude while Judd’s undesirable characteristics became more easily overlooked. “He likes young women.”
With a shrug of his shoulders, it was clear Judd remained a friend. “He does, but only the willing kind. He never came near Jenny. You need to understand that this is a hard life. Harder than anything you’ve ever experienced I bet. Most of the time its dog eat dog. I say good luck to anyone able to discover a way of keeping ahead of the pack.”
“You ever hear screaming coming from any of the tents?” Hughes asked in a sympathetic tone. “There’s plenty of screaming,” he replied. “Most of it family fights. People live on top of one another it’d be odd if I didn’t hear screaming.”
“Your sister was tortured. The screams would have sounded different. You’d know what I mean if you’d heard anyone being tortured.”
He shook his head, “Guess I never heard anyone being tortured.”
“Guess not,” the big man replied with a look at Maddox. “I suppose that means the branding is carried out someplace else.”
She handed him a business card, “If you think of anything that might help please call me.”
“Sure.”
CHAPTER THREE
The temperature was somewhere below freezing as the snow began to fall by the time they returned to the office. The heat that greeted them in reception welcome as the double front doors closed shut behind them. Things only got better from then on as they headed down to the basement towards the IMP offices. The hum from the boiler room next door growing louder with each step. “Have any luck?” Buick asked as they entered the outer office. Faces red with cold as their bodies adapted to a temperature above freezing.
“Some,” Maddox replied slipping off her coat before dropping it over a radiator. “A Polish family at the camp gave them trouble when they first arrived. Their name is Nowak. Father Kacper and older brother Antoni. Six in all including mum. It’s possible they returned for the girl after being kicked out because of an argument. Though it doesn’t explain the branding.”
“It’s a start. Did you pass that info on to Howard?” Buick turned to head back into her office.
“Yes. I also didn’t like the bloke who calls himself head of the camp. A creep called Evan Judd. He’s got to be an abuser, though we’d have a hard job proving it.”
“An abuser?” She asked from the doorway.
“Likes young women. Had a pair fawning over him when we arrived. Didn’t care about us seeing it. Well not initially. Marcus seems to think the Sun shines out of his backside since saving him from the Poles, but I’m not convinced.”
“What is Howard doing about the Poles?”
“Asked us to help out as he’s stretched. I suggested using the locals to check all the camp sites in the area for them. A family like that is bound to stand out.”
“And they wouldn’t have gone far in this weather,” It crossed her mind that asking her team to help distracted them from what the NCA was doing. Was it a ruse? Something Bailey had been expecting? “That’s another thing,” Maddox said interrupting her thoughts. “The Poles were kicked out without Ridley hearing them go. Considering how close they were it’s odd they did so without a fuss that drew attention.”
Buick’s eyes narrowed, “You really took a dislike to this Judd character, didn’t you?” It was an easy opinion to reach. Maddox had a tell. Her tone became gruff as did her Welsh accent.
“He won’t be on my Christmas list if that’s what you mean.” “What about you Billy?”
“I don’t think I’m on her Christmas list either,” he innocently replied.
Buick frowned. “Sorry Boss couldn’t resist. Judd has to be a serious suspect.”
“Run an ACRO check. Let’s see if we can get lucky. Let me know what the locals find before you inform Howard.”
*** 
Commander Bailey’s grave tone seemed at odds with the more familiar man she knew as Buick listened to his call. “There’s been a development. The three girls taken with Jenny Ridley were found. Dumped in a skip in Woolwich. Dead from anaphylaxis. Their bodies covered in insect bites,” He paused for breath before completing the report he was reading, “A yellow-black gel on the bodies could not be matched to any known chemical. No surveillance video was available at the scene. The skip’s on a building site. That’s it, Betty. I’ll send you a copy of the report together with photos. They’re pretty nasty. Made my stomach churn.”
“Were they branded?”
“Err,” he hesitated. “Yes. Apologies. Same upended crucifix as Ridley from what I can make out. Pathology isn’t certain what made the bite marks yet though they’re leaning towards bees or wasps. How’re you making out with Howard?”
“He’s co-operating, even asked for our help. Apparently, even the NCA suffered cutbacks over the past decade.”
“Good. Now that the media is reporting three dead teenagers in a skip we need to expect a flurry of interest from every direction. Homeless or not it’s upsetting and adds to our troubles regarding public unrest. The Home Secretary is bound to be bending the Commissioner’s ear.”
“Pity they didn’t think about things like this before they started cutting our resources,” she snapped. Feeling bitter was uncharacteristic but living daily with the consequences only helped hardened attitudes towards politicians who flagrantly abused their positions at public expense.
“They’ve doubled the guard at the hospital. More to keep the press out than from fear of an attack. It wouldn’t help if they took photographs of her present condition.”
She resisted stating her own feelings. Jenny Ridley’s present condition should be shown to the entire nation. Ugly and shocking. People deserved to know what homeless families faced.
“Our troubles keep mounting Betty. Just keep me informed about every step you or the NCA take. We can’t afford mistakes.”  She noted that he’d used the Royal: ‘our’ troubles. Encapsulating them both on the same side. Yet her instinct repeatedly warned her that she and Baily shared their own versions of reality. He had too often derided the homeless as wasters. Not so she thought. Having moved among them she had discovered so many genuine individuals hit by overwhelming hardships it was unsettling. The politicians wanted them tarnished as wasters, but the reality was very different. Veterans men and women with PTSD after having served and given their all for their country littered every homeless camp as did their families. The reality of truth remained concealed because it was the only way government could maintain control. It above all else drove the motivation for inequality within society. With a heavy sigh she said, “We’ll do our best Jim. Is there anything you can tell me about the NCA investigation to steer us in the direction you’re interested in?”
Their conversation suddenly took on a different tone. “No more than I’ve already explained. I simply want to up-to-date progress reports.”
“I don’t think it’s a coincidence that the murdered teenagers have suddenly shown up,” she told him. Curious to hear his response.
“You think your team might’ve touched a nerve?”
“Maybe,” she replied gauging his response almost surprised at herself for doing so. However, as someone who regularly relied on instinct it seemed the right thing to do given that he refused to reveal the truth about his interest in the NCA.
Ending the call, she sat back in the chair. Staring at her team in the outer office. Understanding why senior management preferred to maintain their distance. Preferring to avoid the misgivings of their own people. Knowing nothing equated to plausible deniability. Free from blame. Only people under-performing followed that kind of thinking. They’d been getting away with it for too long and lost sight of reality. When public unrest finally spilled into the building falling back on the worn-out excuse ‘I didn’t know’, wouldn’t be enough. Right now, the one obstacle holding back the British Republicans was the icy weather. If an uprising came it would be when the weather warmed. A ping signalled the arrival of an email. Sent by Bailey. A copy of the file. She ran off a couple of copies and took one out to the team. Briefing them beforehand about the discovery of the dead teenagers.
“Toni you and I are going to visit the locals at Woolwich. There must be a reason the bodies got dumped there.”
“As far away from their actual base as possible,” Hughes suggested.
“Maybe, or perhaps that’s what they’d like us to think. The snow would have made them stand out. Crossing London with three corpses was a risk. The possibility of being stopped by police pretty high given the state of the country and the limited numbers moving around in the middle of the night.”
“Bran, you and Billy visit the homeless camps close to Judd’s. I don’t want to wait for the locals getting back to us. Try to locate that Polish family.”
“Are we now taking an active part in the investigation?” Maddox asked. “Howard asked for our help without including parameters limiting us. We keep him informed with anything we discover that we avoid creating problems.”
“I thought Bailey wanted us to monitor their progress?” Maddox said being difficult. “If we’re investigating on our own we’re hardly following his instructions.”
Buick frowned it wasn’t like Maddox to challenge her orders. “I’ll take any flak over my interpretation of his instructions Bran.”
A momentary silence was followed by their collecting coats off hooks to leave.
***
Woolwich is a district in the Southeast of London. It’s also the only Thames river crossing operating a free ferry service operated by London River Services a branch of Transport for London. Up until the last century it was an important naval, military, and industrial area. Heavily bombed during World War Two. Nevertheless, it survived as a port for freight deliveries until the sixties. Today, after having suffered economically from the closure of military establishments in the area over a period of decades. Investment by developers between the late ‘80s and throughout the 90s turned its fortunes. Offering high end real estate with views over the river. Creating a modern fresh landscape with no resemblance to its former self just two decades ago. The non-descript vehicle stopped alongside the river. Not yet frozen it had a light blue green crystalized appearance commonly seen prior to freezing. The ferry still able to operate had two ships crossing the river in opposite directions with cargoes of vans and lorries plus a sprinkling of pedestrians.
Dukes glanced at her from behind the wheel, “You’ve been quiet Boss.”
“I’m wondering if we’re looking at this all wrong,” Buick had been thinking about the way the girls had died. Horrifying. Ugly. A statement for others. Were the kidnappers sending a message?
Dukes sensed her thinking, “It might be a trafficking outfit. That struck me too.”
“They don’t have inhibitions. Murdering those girls so cruelly is their kind of modus operandi to maintain discipline.”
“What about the crucifix?”
“Maybe we’re reading too much into it,” she said. “It registers with us because that’s our game, but what if the brand is used to identify their herd. Cattle get branded just the same. It degrades them. Puts them in the same bracket as cattle. These are kids mostly fifteen to sixteen. It wouldn’t be hard to demoralize and panic them. Homeless people have already lost sight of being little more than an animal.”
“Perhaps, but there are still inconsistencies with the way traffickers operate.” Dukes said, troubled by actions that belittled a slave and thereby dilute their value. No trafficker would risk damaging their goods in such a way without good reason. “Branding a crucifix on someone’s back is damaging. It would put off some clients. I can’t imagine traffickers willing to take that type of risk. Additionally, local reports don’t point to any group in the area behaving in such a way.”
“A new group then?” Buick suggested. Accepting Dukes argument. “What other purpose would someone have to kidnap teenagers from a homeless camp?”
“Rituals,” she said. Dukes shifted on the seat to get comfortable as she spoke. “Which is what the crucifix points us toward.”
“You’re forgetting organs. Until the autopsy comes back, we don’t know if any were removed.
”She nodded, “What a shit world in which we live.”
“Not all of it,” Buick reminded her. “And not everyone in it is a low life. It’s just our job takes us up to the coal face for the best view.”
“What about ethnicity. The dead teenagers aren’t white. It could be someone was selective over getting different skin shades. Jenny Ridley might have been a mistake maybe that’s how she managed to escape?” It was a fact that had initially attracted her attention. “I noticed. An IC1, IC3, IC4 and IC5.”
“Mmmh it’s another possibility.” The police colour categorization system originated from the ‘70s with an IC1 being a White Northern European, IC3 black, IC4 Asian and IC5 Chinese or Southeast Asian. “I identified the largest homeless camp located in the East End on Wanstead Flats between Leytonstone and Wanstead. Two thousand people. Not more than twenty miles south of here. After we’ve had a chat with the locals and seen the crime scene, we’ll pay it a visit.”
Dukes read details about the camp at Wanstead Flats from her phone, “No one has been reported missing from it.”
“I wonder why. A camp that big is bound to be easier to whisk people away without setting off alarm bells than smaller camps.”
They drove to the station and parked outside. Meeting an icy wind as they climbed out headed to the entrance. The sky a whitish grey threatening another round of snow keeping the temperature below zero.
They entered the front office expecting a throng of reporters hungry for news over the teenagers. No one but the desk sergeant occupied reception and from his expression he was grateful for the opportunity to speak to other humans.
“First the pandemic now the snow. Seems nature is against people stepping outside their front door. What can I do for you?” He stood up straight wearing a smile, attention focused on Buick. After their introductions he pointed in the direction of a door that led to a staircase running up to the next level where the CID office was located. After they went through the door his expression returned to the one they had first seen.
A detective sat alone peering at a computer monitor as they entered the CID office. Without looking away he said, “They’re all at lunch. Come back around three.”
“Don’t have the time,” Buick told him. “I’m DCI Buick and this is DS Dukes from the Yard. We need to be brought up to speed on the three dead teenagers they found in a skip?”
Rank has its prvileges. The detective took his eyes off the screen and rose from his seat. A large man with hard chiselled features. Not someone willing to take rubbish Buick thought. “I’m DS Hawkins. DI Dawson is leading the investigation, but he and the rest of the office are…”
“Out to lunch,” she said ending his sentence. “So, what can you tell us DS Hawkins?” “We’ve a witness,” he replied. Not disappointed by their surprise. The details not yet circulated. “Saw them dispose of the bodies. Claims they were using a newish dark Ford van. Half the registration wasn’t covered in mud or snow, and they saw the first letters MOR.”
“Has a PNC been done?”
“Yes, Mam. Three possible vans fitting the description are in our area. I believe DI Dawson will be visiting each of the owners this afternoon.”
Buick winced inside at being called Mam. The vision of a crusty old spinster associated with the term. It didn’t show in her face as she handed him a business card. “Ask him to contact me on that number when he returns. Now we want to see the bodies and need directions.”
CHAPTER FOUR
The pathology department was located by the west entrance to Queen Elizabeth hospital in SE18. Catering for both the Greenwich and Lewisham districts. A receptionist directed them to a white painted corridor with fluorescent lighting fixed centrally above and the examination room at the end. Inside a mid-fifties pathologist stood absorbed examining a teenager’s intestines. Too absorbed to notice their entrance.
Dukes coughed out loud.
The doctor dragged his gaze away from the ruddy pink intestines to meet them. Keeping the fleshy organs in his hands as he stood over the cavity in the victims chest and stomach. Buick had met a great many pathologists since joining the police and spotted the tell-tale signs of how each one dealt with looking at the insides of a corpse every day. Not something she ever found easy to imagine. A glowing complexion, pock marked skin and purplish nose indicated heavy drinking. Behind thick rimmed spectacles his eyes showed another familiar feature - jaded rims. “I’m doctor Justin Cooper. I take it that you’re police. I can usually spot you a mile away.”
“Do you get any other visitors?” Dukes replied.
He grinned, “Sometimes, but today I’m only expecting police. We’ve only identified two of them. This one remains a mystery.”
Buick made their introductions before querying, “I thought Jenny Ridley knew the names of all the girls in her group?” Buick said.
“Maybe she does, but her brother doesn’t, and my understanding is that she still isn’t sufficiently compos mentis. It was he who provided the names of the other two but I’m still waiting for fingerprints to return an ID for Miss Jane Doe here.”
Moving closer the smell of stomach contents sharpened. It never failed to make Dukes nauseous but controlling it these days wasn’t a problem. Apart from the chest cavity her neck arms and legs appeared bruised and blotchy covered beneath a yellowish slime.
“Do you have any ideas what that goo is?” Dukes asked struggling with the nausea.
“I’ve a few ideas, but need to wait for the lab results to confirm my view. I should know by tomorrow.” He said returning the intestines to the cavity.
Buick had made studying the origin of names a hobby. For example, she knew that Justin derived from a medieval personal name originating in Europe among the French, English, and Slovenians. Its meaning related to justice. Additionally, it was often used by early saints. Then, in the late nineteenth century it grew in popularity among North Americans. Names could reveal much about the person wearing it. Their social backgrounds and the reasons they behaved in specific ways. “We were told all three were branded with an upended crucifix on the back. Is there anything else?”
He nodded, “Those red blotches on this one’s arms and legs are a mix of cigarette burns and something else.”
“Something that you think you know but unwilling to say without confirmation from the lab?”
He knew what she was doing. Police officers were the same the world over. Give them a snippet of information and they want it immediately expanded. “I’ve been caught out before. Giving an opinion can prover costly.”
She knew what he meant. Science and evidence required strict parameters be followed. No one could offer a professional opinion without being certain they were correct otherwise confidence in the system broke down. “I won’t tell anyone else until the lab reports come back if you won’t Justin?”
He was a sucker for a pretty face and Buick was pretty enough. Additionally, he preferred older women. “I believe the lab will confirm those particularly inflamed ridges are jellyfish stings.”
“Jellyfish!” She could honestly say that Jellyfish weren’t included in her reasoning to-date. The investigation had suddenly taken a sharp curve that took them outside anticipated norms. “Are their stings all the same?”
“No. Most of them aren’t dangerous especially those found in UK waters. However, the sting from a Portuguese man o’ war is painful with multiple stings life threatening.”
“You think these marks are from a Portuguese man o’ war?”
“Or from a similar type.”
“Are these marks on the other two?”
“She’s the only one. It’s the same on her back.  I’d say she was methodically tortured.” He moved to the side of her head for them to have a clear view,. “They also removed her eyelids. Presumably to force her to watch everything they did.”
“You ever see anything like this before?”
“Never,” he said. “This degree of cruelty is unusual.”
“What’s your opinion, some type of psychopath?”
“Unquestionably. It’s the motivation that intrigues me. I thought this was a trafficking scam but there’s got to be more to it.”
She was happy for the doctor to express an opinion. So far her own ideas were too mixed and hearing another opinion seemed a good way of ticking boxes that pointed in a general direction. “I’m all ears. What is this if not trafficking?”
“The degree of cruelty suggests she ignored the rules of her captors. Maybe she tried to escape with Jenny and got caught.” He sighed as if the next part of his theory was difficult to explain. “That part makes sense if we were dealing with traffickers. This degree of cruelty however suggests emotion. Something traffickers aren’t noted as possessing.”
“You think whoever did this knew her. They had a relationship?” Buick asked.
“That would be a better fit for the injuries inflicted. Traffickers might kill one of their victims, but they wouldn’t take time over it without good reason. A quick shot to the head is warning enough for most. This type of killing is more in keeping with revenge. That said what a fifteen-year-old could’ve done to incense someone to such a degree is beyond me.”
“I guess that’s for us to figure out.”
“Additionally, there must have been more than one. I found two separate handprints on her arms and legs. She was held down while tortured. The prints aren’t good but there might be enough for them to be identified.” A concerned tone reflected his masked feelings. “Also, I almost missed them because of all the other marks but on the inner ankle of a right leg is a small tattoo with another below it. Someone made an attempt to remove the one below so it’s impossible to know what it was but the upper one looks to me like a Spider with a claw.” Dukes moved away as a surge of vomit reached her throat.
“SpiderClaw,” she repeated as if familiar with it. “You’ve seen it before,” he said.
“Maybe. Anything else?” She picked up from his tone that he wanted to know what she was thinking. Why the tattoo of a SpiderClaw was familiar? However, when it came to autopsies she refused to be drawn into sowing seeds for a pathologist to follow believing it could blinker their reasoning.
“Surprisingly yes,” he said moving to a desk with paper files and plastic evidence bags. “She had a paper note in her vagina.” He held up the bag for her to see. “One word on it. ‘Privileged’.” Her frown matched his own. “Must be important for her to hide. What it means is anybody’s guess.”
“Have you informed the NCA about the note?”
He shook his head. “Not yet.”
“I’ll do it for you. Maybe they have something to match it with,” she moved away with a last glance at the torn torso. The premature end to a young life always sad. The world was growing darker by the day. This was a giant backwards step that needed to be nipped in the bud. “Thanks Justin. We’ll be in touch.”
***
Buick called Howard on her mobile after they returned to the car while Dukes slowly recovered from the urge to vomit by breathing in fresh air. Briefing him on what they had been told by the pathologist omitting only his opinion regarding the jellyfish.
Surprisingly, Howard sounded irritated, “I thought you weren’t playing an active part in the investigation?” Buick’s reaction was cautious. “My understanding was that you invited our assistance?”
“I asked your DI Maddox to help search for the Polish family. Nothing more.”
“It’s not my intention to step on your toes Detective Inspector,” she said firmly. “Our visit to the morgue was to help me better understand the scale of the problem facing you. That the pathologist was able to provide a little more information that I’ve passed on to you is the kind of help I thought you’d be grateful to receive.”
A brief silence followed while Howard collected his thoughts. “Yes. I apologise. The pressure’s on since the deaths were reported by the press.”
“None of us wants this Kevin,” she continued softly. “I could have my team looking over the shoulders of your people but would sooner avoid that. I suggest we make the best of this situation by helping each other. We’ll take a back seat. It’s your investigation. All we’ll do is re-visit ground your people have trodden and if something pops up you’ll be the first to know. That way we keep out of each other’s hair.”
“Sounds fair,” he replied the earlier irritation gone. “I have a question and I’d like an honest answer.”
“Ask it. I’ll try to answer if I can.”
“Why were you told to watch us?”
She had expected the question. “That was never explained to me. I was simply asked to provide my brass with progress reports. That’s it. I wish I could explain more.”
He sighed. Her guess was that Howard felt he was under scrutiny for a reason. Only he might know what that reason could be, and he wasn’t likely to share that with her. “Thanks. We must keep this communication open.”
“Not a problem,” she told him.
As she returned the mobile to her satchel Dukes glanced at her. “Everything alright Boss?”
“I think so. Let’s drive to Wanstead Flats. It has the largest homeless camp in East London, and I can’t believe teenagers aren’t being abducted there too.”
The drive was uneventful. Fewer cars on the road because of another heavy snowfall. By the time they arrived it was already dark. The sky a blanket of dull grey, white cloud just visible through the snowfall. Open fires blazed defiantly from the camp site a majority housed in old metal oil drums strewn between hundreds of makeshift homes. Naked reddish orange flames reached high into the air crackling and spitting each time a fiery tendril contacted an icy snowflake.
The camp had been established more than two years giving people time to construct large makeshifts. Spotting the largest accommodation was easy even in the dark. Painted bright yellow and reaching higher than any other. It sat deep within the camp complex surrounded by smaller habitats. As they crunched across the snow getting closer to the camp the blaze from the oil drums sent a pungent odour of burning to greet them. That and dozens of blank stares as the homeless struggled to stay warm around the drums. Not the first or last police to visit. Their shoes sinking below the frozen surface with each step until they reached the drums. A raw heat struck them as they merged among the homeless almost surreal given the chilling situation.
No one uttered a word. Gazes avoided eye contact. Dozens stomped the ground or patted their shoulders. Overcoat collars up around their ears. Hats, gloves, masks, and boots. Their eyes telling the officers they were known for who they were and who they represented. Hostility present but suppressed. The homeless had little faith in the police. Representatives of a government that had destroyed their lives should not expect anything else. Regular visitors always hunting for someone. Usually someone just trying to survive. To live. Thieving a necessity to do so. How long they would continue to endure an existence that defined a broken society no one knew. The camp site was the coal face. The place most likely to explode. After that they would all either be dead or take London for themselves. For the people as they saw it.
It had started in America in 2016 after the most disingenuous President proved himself a tyrant with a relentless lust for power. Abusing that power to ignite hatred and racism had caught the imagination of millions world-wide. After that evil took on a momentum of its own. With Draconian measures initiated as the public purse was siphoned by every sycophant capable of recognizing an opportunity. Buick felt gazes boring into them as they weaved between the makeshifts. Faces of children and the aged in the access of many. Teeth chattering. Bodies shivering. Eyes empty. Barren of hope.            “This is worse than I thought,” Dukes grumbled. “I’ve never seen so many homeless in one place. It’s like stepping back in time hundreds of years.”
The big yellow construction was guarded. The customary thugs standing ready to greet visitors. Buick plucked her ID from the shoulder satchel she always carried and flashed it. “We’re here to speak to the leader of the camp.”
“I’ll go see if she’s available,” One said. Adding, “Her diary is usually full around this time of the evening. Wait here.”
They waited. Turning away to stare back the way they had come. Dukes breath freezing in front of her face. “How the hell are people expected to live like this?”
“I couldn’t do it,” Buick admitted.
“You and me both Boss.”
“Okay, she’ll see you now,” the thug said from behind them.
Inside a small caravan surrounded by corrugated steel panels at a distance of four feet with a heavy canvas overhead offering protection. Another guard waited for them nodding towards the caravan. Climbing in the heat almost took their breath away. The sound of electric motors pushing out warm air somewhere beneath. At the far end sat a forty something brunette with bright green eyes and painted red lips. No facemask. Pretty in an odd kind of way. Dressed all in black she might have worked as a stand in for the Wicked Witch of the West. “Come join me ladies.”
A black cat perfectly still on a short table that divided them gave no hint it was disturbed by their presence. Its unblinking wide-open eyes eerily lacking movement.
“You like my cat Chief Inspector. Her name is MeeMee.”
A broad Scottish accent a surprise for the leader of such a large camp located in the East End of London. They used a bench across from her. An expression of blatant disdain. Mocking superiority. Filled her face. Believing herself to be in control. Slender hands with exaggerated nails painted black. Talons. A large ornate ring on one finger. Silver. With a facial carving. “The name’s Kyla Shaw. The head of this camp. What can I do for you?”
“Have you trained it to be so still?” Buick said making herself comfortable watching the feline. The name Kyla unusual. The female version of Kyle. The English meaning ‘strait’ as in passage. The kind of name that might be given to a travelling witch.
“Tragically, MeeMee passed a year ago. I had her professionally preserved so that her spirit would remain with me. She’s my soul partner in this life. I can’t do without her.” She stroked the cat corpse gently as if to emphasize its relevance to her.
“I guess it saves on cat litter,” Dukes added.
Buick ignored them, “We’re investigating the deaths of three teenagers who may have visited this site.”
Her frown suggested otherwise. The excuse ‘I know nothing’ already forming on her lips. A hand whisked away a rogue strand of black hair from her face, “We haven’t had anyone go missing. Never. I look after my people including their kids.”
“You know everyone and everything that goes on in this camp,” she asked, as if needing reassurance.
“I’m its leader. Nothing happens here that I don’t know.” Gender differences aside Shaw and Judd shared identical dispositions that might have made them related. Full of self-importance, cunning and lacking inhibitions. The imperfect formula for a camp leader. “However, you have other more personal concerns to consider. Such as if I will allow you to leave.”
“Oh, I’d say you have,” Buick replied. No hesitation. No concern. Her confidence disarming. Threatening or harming police officers still ended in the culprits behind bars for a long-term. The way things were going with right wing extremists in government it might soon increase.
“You think so,” Shaw sneered. Being accustomed to people easily bullied gradually dilutes how to react when someone less flexible turns up. She had had it good for too long. Running the largest homeless camp in London did require strong leadership. No doubt brutally ruthless leadership when her takeover had first started but now after months of revelling in the glory of her mini kingdom she had grown arrogant and too certain that no one could oppose her.
“You don’t want an army of overzealous coppers barging in here. You’ve bigger fish to fry when the times right.” Buick said leaning on her instincts. Something about Shaw felt wrong. Why had she been in London for so long? The ornate ring on her right index finger indicated she belonged to a coven of witches. Straying far from home not something they took lightly. Yes she was revelling in power but that on its own wouldn’t have been enough. Also, threatening police went beyond what occurred within the camp. Why did she feel safe doing that the real question?
The silence that followed seemed long as Shaw thought over her response. When the moment arrived, she smiled prettily. Except for her eyes which fought to suppress the venom in her heart. “I was only teasing you. Glad to see you don’t scare easily Chief Inspector. So, why are you really here?”
“I already told you but let me ask something else. You ever known of teenage girls being branded with an upended crucifix?”
She didn’t falter. Eyes meeting Buick’s own. “I’ve seen such things.”
“Here?”
“Scotland.”
“What does it mean?”
“The symbol for worship of the Anti-Christ. It’s said teens will be scarred by his brand when he walks among us. When that happens the world as we know it will change. The people chosen to be his disciples will step forward to do his bidding. None who defy him will survive.”
“Creepy,” Dukes grumbled.
“Only if you believe in that sort of mumbo jumbo,” Buick added. “You do don’t you Shaw?”
“You’re too level-headed to believe in anything that you cannot see with your own eyes aren’t you Chief Inspector,” She replied still wearing her smile. “Some might call it blinkered vision.” “You believe it then,” Dukes scoffed.
“I’m not blinkered if that’s what you mean. There’s more things in Heaven and Earth than what we see in front of our faces. Living in this reality means you’re only partially alive.”
“What does that mean?” Dukes laughed.
She leaned towards her eyes narrowed. The dark Goth make-up surrounding them black tram lines intended to increase the potency of her presence. Captivating. Hypnotic. “It means you have no idea what is waiting for you when you pass.”
Dukes did not reply. Too busy studying the unusual make-up.
“And you believe you’re able to see beyond our reality,” Buick interrupted.
“What I believe and what I know intertwine. They’re one. The same.”
“I find it hard to believe teenagers don’t go missing from this camp like all the others. Why is that?” Buick guessed that Dukes was unlikely to be intimidated by anything Shaw said or did. However, the fact was witches believed in their abilities and for unexplained reasons the power to generate negativity existed. At least in her experience it did. The last thing she wanted was for Dukes to be cursed merely to prove a point. Preventing Shaw touching her necessary to break part of sequence. Her hand grabbed the witch’s wrist as it reached for Dukes hair. “Keep your hands to yourself!”
Shaw snatched her wrist free and leaned away from the other officer. “You’re insightful Chief Inspector. Clearly you’re not an open book.”
Dukes shook her head as if it needed clearing.
“As for the teenagers I told you I wake care of them. No one dare mess with them because it would mean messing with me.”
“Explain what you mean by take care of them.”
“Has anyone tried to abduct any, if so you must’ve done something to prove that you rule this place. Tell me, how you did that?” The women stared at one another two predators using words to negotiate a mutually agreeable way forward.
“About a year ago when I first arrived. A Romanian trafficking outfit came here in the dead of night. A dozen of them. I’d been warned and had double their number waiting. They didn’t stand a chance and we haven’t seen them or anyone else since.
”Great story Buick thought wondering if any of it were true. “Who else?”
“No one else. We proved ourselves that night. Job done.” She leaned back on the chair while gently stroking her cat corpse. Momentarily Buick thought she heard it purr.
“Do you know a camp leader called Judd?”
“Evan Judd. Yeah. What about him?” She asked. The smile twisting as if his name were a dirty word. No friendship lost there.
“His camp has lost the most teenagers over the past twelve months. Why do you think that is?”
“Because he’s a shit leader,” she almost spat the words out.
“We’ve recently added to that a Polish family.” She said glancing around the caravan. Books on a single shelf behind Shaw. A few close enough to read titles. ‘The Spell Book’, ‘The Spells of the Enchantress’. Made sense that she enjoyed a little light reading on brushing up her powers.
“The sooner he’s gone the better off those at Albert Road will be.” She appeared agitated by Judd’s name. In a sense they were rivals. Although her camp was far larger. More complex. Yet it was not difficult to imagine Judd might one day attempt to usurp her.
“Have you had any Polish families recently join?” She asked.
“No. This weather has kept movement between camps to a minimum.” She frowned noting that the other woman’s eyes had not stopped searching her home while she asked her damned questions. Police were always analysing and assessing. Analysing and assessing. She bet their dreams mimicked their real lives analysing and assessing.
“You’ve been very helpful Kyla, thank you.”
“It’s my civic duty,” she smiled nothing nice about it.
“There’s just one last question. Are you still a practising witch?
”She didn’t flinch. Nothing. “What makes you ask?”
“The books. Your ring. I’ve seen it before. Worn by witches of a coven called The Nightshadow Witches. Right aren’t I?”
“You’ve a good eye Chief Inspector. Who’d have thought someone as blinkered as you would’ve heard of us. We’re not large.”
“I believe it only takes three witches to create a coven. Is that what you’ve done at the camp started a new coven. What are you up to building a network or something?”
“If you were local police you wouldn’t have asked. Everyone in these parts knows about us we’re not committing any crimes. It’s how we can control so many in such a small area. They follow our teachings and rely on us to provide for them which we do.” Pausing briefly before asking “You never did tell me where you’re based.”
“New Scotland Yard.”
She nodded sagely, “Every now and then the authorities send scouts to find us. They like to monitor our movements see that we’re not getting ourselves in trouble. People like you. People familiar with our ways and trinkets.”
“Have you ever used a crucifix of the Anti-Christ to brand a teenager?”
“This meeting is finished.” Her reply short. Sharp. Final.
“For now,” Buick warned. “But you’re on my radar Kyla. I’ll be watching for you.”
They strode out of the warmth into an icy breeze dotted with flakes of ice. Dukes felt that she had missed something at the end and asked, “What was that?”
“I fired a shot across her bows,” Buick said mind racing. “We need to find a pattern with the victims. We’re missing something and I think it’s to do with them.”
“You think Shaw’s involved?”
“Up to her neck.”
“Sorry, I allowed her to get close. I don’t know what happened.”
“Witches lace their eye make-up with chloroform. It’s light enough for them to be immune after long-term use. She got close enough for you to suck it in.”
“Why would she do that?”
“My guess is that she wanted a snippet of your hair to use with a curse.”
“Bloody hell! You mean she was intending to curse me?”
“It’s what they do.”
“Do you believe in curses Boss?”
The uncertainty in her tone revealed that she was genuinely concerned. Buick sighed, “They believe curses work. I believe the power of the mind has a great deal to do with it.”
“Was that a yes?”
“Maybe.”
“Who are these NightShadow witches?”
“Radicals would probably be the modern phrase to describe them. Satanists. High Order Black witches. They believe Satan the true God and followers of the Christian God the enemy of humankind.”
“Thank goodness I’m an agnostic. I can’t get my head around how anyone can believe in either of those super beings.”
She had never discussed religion with Dukes but was not surprised to discover that she did not follow religion. “I believe in a God or at least some form of super entity in the universe.”
“You do,” she replied a hint of incredulity in her tone.
“That surprises you?”
“A little, but then you’ve been at this work longer than me so maybe you’ve encountered things that made you rethink what’s going on.”
“Maybe,” she smiled. “We came across a coven of the NightShadow’s a couple of years ago. Scots like Shaw. Pretty twisted bunch. They were slaughtering animals. Dogs mostly. They did it to connect with Satan. Not sure it worked. A teenager got killed and most of the coven ended up in prison. They’re still inside as far as I know.”
“Where did you nick them?”
“Around Hendon and North of the city. They only visit for specific purposes. Hating the English keeps them in Scotland most of the time.”
“I take it they’re keen for Scotland to have its independence.”
“Probably. Never got round to asking them and I’m not about to turn round to ask Kyla.”
“Good,” she chuckled. “I’ll admit I’m beginning to think she’s more than a little unnerving. Anyone who strokes the corpse of a dead pet can’t be all the ticket. On top of that narrowly missing her curse is really personal. It’s going to take me time to understand how I feel about it.”
“She didn’t reach you,” Buick grinned catching sight of something that changed her attention. “See that,” she nodded towards a vehicle half hidden beneath a tarpaulin. Part of the registration visible – MOR. It never ceased to amaze her no matter how clever an individual arrogance trumped common sense. Believing themselves untouchable a grave mistake.
“It’s the van,” Dukes said almost stopping in her tracks.
“Don’t you dare,” Buick snapped increasing her stride. “We’re only getting out of here by the skin of our teeth. Keep moving. When we reach the car call the locals ask for Hawkins. Tell him to bring reinforcements we need to raid this place.”
In the car with the engine running. Heater blowing. They watched the snow fall and lay on the windshield. A sharp drop in visibility necessitated the use of wipers. The flames from the fire drums a marker indicating where the camp was located. At Woolwich Hawkins took their call telling them he’d arrange reinforcements.
“You ever wonder how this happened?” Dukes asked. “The homeless in this country were just a few thousand fifteen years ago. Now they’re everywhere.”
“We let it happen right in front of us.” It would have been easy to blame the government. But everyone knew it was happening. Like they knew corruption within government had grown since the mid-nineties when ‘spin’ became a term associated with political speak. The so-called academics with their expensive education lied and cheated with a training second to none. How people lived with themselves by doing so was not something she could imagine. Towing the line by ignoring cracks in the system allowed the worst to gain power. The way back would be hard. The alternative if not taken unthinkable. She could recall when food banks first began back in 2010. A shock to most. Expectations at the time were that they were a temporary remedy because of the financial crisis. When the bankers abused their position. Stealing billions. Greed at its worst. Public money had propped them up and the public were still paying severely for it. The bankers on the other hand were safe and well ensconced in their luxurious lifestyles unaffected by the damage they had done. She listened to her own breathing. It sounded heavy, tired. Memories of the past and the Prime Minister of the day warning the public to expect worse to come. How true. How understated. No wonder she was tired.
The disabled, old, and homeless were singled out as too expensive for the public purse to support. Bankers were fine. They could have billions, but the poor and most vulnerable were nothing by comparison. Discontentment in the community increased. For a while without leadership and therefore rarely amounting to more than sporadic outbursts of public disorder. Good enough for the cold-hearted government to continue without fear of accountability.
“Welcome to the twenty first century,” Buick said. Wishing her thoughts away.  Dukes glanced at her, “You okay Boss?” Picking up on her melancholic mood was easy. Buick rarely displayed her true feelings about what was happening to the country. Never spoke about politics and rarely criticised the brass. Not with the team. What she said to peers would likely be different.
“Fine,” she said. “Why is Hawkins taking so long? Try him again.”
Dukes called his number but got no reply. Not even voicemail. “Must be on his way.”
Buick had difficulty with patience when a situation demanded action. The abductors van on site gave her all the reason needed to raid the camp. Their returning alone suicide. A full hour passed without help arriving. “We’ve been stood up Sergeant. Let’s take a trip to the nick. I need a word with Hawkins.”
They arrived at the station within twenty minutes. Climbing out and breathing in the icy fresh air felt better than the air at the camp. The engine heat had burned off the snow covering the bonnet. She could see ripples of heat rising slowly into the air and paused to stare at the CID offices in front of them. Its lights blazing. Presumably, someone was in. Dukes sidled up alongside a question in her eyes. “People in this country shouldn’t have to live in camps like that.”
“I keep telling myself life doesn’t always have to make sense,” Buick said breaking her silence. “Do you know how much this government gave away in foreign aid to India and Pakistan in twenty nineteen. Five hundred and nine million pounds. Just imagine what we could have done with that money for our own people.”
“You’re talking politics Boss,” she said. “Politicians live in another reality. We’re cannon fodder. Used and abused as they see fit. The COVID deaths will be categorized as collateral damage. Same as homeless deaths during winter.” “My trouble is that I’ve always been an idealist,” Buick reminisced. “As a kid I really believed in the Establishment improving society in line with technology and science. Not true is it. People get in the way. Those in power. Almost as if they’re determined to spoil it for everyone outside their little clique.” “Only if we let them,” Dukes added. “There’s no harm keeping your ideals. Bad things happen. It’s not forever.”
“Let’s hope you’re right, eh.” She pushed off the bonnet and took the least icy route to the station steps.
The CID office was empty when they arrived. No Hawkins or anyone. The lights were blazing over empty space as they each took over a chair to wait. Returning to the front office she spoke to the relief Inspector to organize a raid. Twenty minutes later they were headed back to the camp with enough reinforcements to quell opposition. Parking a short distance from the camp with the snow falling made approaching the camp undetected easy even with a long line of blue uniforms clashing with the white landscape.
With less than fifty feet to travel Buick spotted the tarpaulin fall to the ground revealing the van. Stopping in mid-stride she whispered instructions over a radio for everyone to do the same. No one moved. The van engine turned over twice before it coughed into life. The tell-tale exhaust fumes from its tailpipe billowing upwards over its roof before snaking and losing itself in the falling snow. A second vehicle headlights blazing drew up in front of the van. Doors opening. Voices calling. Three men and a woman spilled out of the car. Suddenly caught in the glare of its headlights. All overdressed for a visit to the homeless. The woman in high heels. Mingling with the dishevelled and unkempt. Leading the way between makeshifts as if she knew where she was headed. Standing still provided invisibility or at least that’s how it seemed. As the newcomers disappeared into one of the larger tents. Two of the men remained outside. Bodyguards.
A police vehicle no lights moved slowly stopping a few feet from where Buick and Dukes were standing. A shadow. Almost silent, it’s petrol engine a low hum. Buick shivered with cold.
A whispered voice contacted them over the radio, “Do you want us to move in Chief Inspector?”
“Negative,” she replied. I want the van followed. Let’s see where it leads us. After we’ve gone move in and search Shaw’s tent and caravan first. I’ll be following the van. A female and male are in the big tent,” She explained. “They left a couple of goons outside. All IC1 as far as I can make out. Not dressed for an occasion with the homeless. She’s in high heels and a designer coat. Makes being here stick out.” “No problem Chief Inspector,” the uniformed Inspector assured her.
“For your information I still haven’t been able to raise Hawkins. No idea where he is.”
“Thank you for trying Inspector,” Buick replied. “Much appreciated.” She was angry. Seething. Hawkins was AWOL and the rest of the CID couldn’t be contacted. It seemed reasonable to suspect a link between them and Shaw. With fresh understanding she arrived at an explanation why the witch felt untouchable. Corruption had been spiralling downwards for some time. Senior management was in the pockets of politicians. Politicians in the pockets of wealthy contractors and any other mogul who wanted to steer the country in a way that protected their agenda.
The thirty-year-old beside her had experienced corruption first-hand. Dukes had joined IMP to escape its clutches. The drugs squad she had been seconded overwhelmed by it. The moment you realize what’s going on around you is the moment you discover just how many friends you really have. Forget seniority, no one wants to work alongside a snitch and management are well aware of the dangers an honest cop presents to them and everyone else. Getting out her only option. “Sounds like we’ve got something bad happening between the Witch and Hawkins,” Dukes said already on the same page
“If we have I’m going to make life so bad for them she’ll wish she remained in Scotland.” A call on her mobile interrupted them. “Hello Billy. We’re a little busy right now I’ll call you when free.” Hughes sometimes acted like a big bear minding his litter. Buick found it charming. “Billy likes to be kept up to speed. He’s desperate to feel part of the team and worries about us.”
Duke rolled her eyes.
“Don’t be so critical Toni. It’s nice to know someone worries.”
“Didn’t say a word,” she grinned.
“Then I guess I’m psychic because I heard you say something.” She pointed as the woman reappeared together with four teenage girls. The group moved slowly towards the van without a hint of drama. No upset or fear. Talking and laughing as if enjoying the anticipation of Christmas.
“Is that a Max Mara coat?” Buick sounded incredulous. They’re ridiculously expensive but I love them anyway.” They climbed into the back of the vehicle that had drawn up close behind them with a pair of uniformed officers. The teenagers could be seen climbing into the back of the van while the woman returned to the car that had brought her together with the bodyguards. “Might be difficult to prove anything is happening other than giving them a lift,” Dukes said.
“We’ll follow. Wherever they’re headed has got to be worth us knowing about.”
CHAPTER FIVE
The car and van drove slowly along wet city roads with patched with ice that reflected the glare of streetlights. Most shop fronts remained in darkness. Saving energy. As soon as the snow stopped falling gritter trucks wheeled around the city keeping main streets clear. Buick asked the uniformed passenger to run a registration check for the vehicles they were following and received a report that identified both as bogus. Displaying unissued plates. Good she thought to herself. They had a reason to pull them over whenever they wanted.
Dukes wished that she were driving. Not that the uniformed driver made her nervous. She just felt safer when doing the driving herself. Driving in any weather not a problem. She could drive up the side of a mountain if that’s what was needed. Maintaining distance. Far enough not to be spotted as they turned North towards Westminster. This was turning out to be a longer drive than any of them had anticipated.
“None of those girls was forced into the van. Could be they’re already part of whatever’s going on,” Dukes said as the small convoy ahead took another left.
“Doesn’t make sense,” Buick replied. “We don’t have any idea what they’ve been told. Who did the telling or if they’re junked up? Remember that unidentified gel on the dead bodies – could be a hallucinogen. Also, Shaw has to be a kingpin in this. Whether she’s working for the NightShadow or some other crackpot group the woman in that car didn’t visit her for permission to take those teens so she must be important too.”
“Maybe moving those kids was already scheduled?” Dukes suggested. “But you’re thinking this is a coven. So, how many members can a coven have?” “I’ve heard of some with as many as sixty. Three is the lowest number.”
“And what do they actually do apart from cursing people?”
“They support others with their agendas. People wealthy enough to pay for their services. A coven like the NightShadow doesn’t come cheap.”
“Would they help traffickers?”
“I’m trying to keep an open mind. Trouble is the woman in that car is a little too smartly dressed to be either a trafficker or witch.” As the two vehicles entered the Embankment they followed the river all the way to the Parliament buildings. A low wall to their left followed the Thames. The wall just low enough for the water to be visible. Dark except for patches of light thrown down from the odd boat. Ripples of foamy waves generated by their movement caught in the shimmering illumination of onboard lighting.
A right turn at Savoy Hill followed by braking in Savoy Row then another left into Savoy Street towards the Strand.
“Those drivers certainly know their way round,” Dukes said aloud.
By the time they reached Chelsea Buick had begun to fidget. Her thoughts running over and over the same questions without finding an answer. “The three dead may have died while being transported. But why the hell go all the way to East London for girls when based in the West? Also, why dump the bodies in a skip by the river back in the East? Icy roads aren’t slowing them down. If anything, it’s helping them.
”They were headed along the King’s Road when the convoy took a sharp left into Milman’s Street causing the police driver to slow to a crawl. Milman’s Street appeared long, dark white with artificial icy boulders created between vehicles. Terraced housing dated back almost a century. Barely visible in the darkness other than for those with rooms at the front showing light. Back outside in the street parked vehicles stretched from top to bottom in two separate ranks either side. Leaving a narrow chunk of road for travel in its centre.
The headlights of the convoy reflected off a wall at the end of the street before they swung left and disappeared.
“Okay we must be close to their destination,” Buick said. “Let’s keep following them.”
“You going to tell Billy where we are?”
“Of course,” she said putting the mobile to her ear. Hughes listened and asked if they wanted help. Buick said no. Someone needed to know where and what they were doing. That was all. Driving to the end of the street they discovered a narrow drive crusted in snow. In the distance a wire perimeter fence and gate with a security booth occupied by a guard.
Dukes sucked in a breath, “That’s a tough way to earn a few bob. Must be freezing.” “Wonder what this place is,” Buick said thinking aloud. “They didn’t go inside because we’d still see them. The drive continues passed. We’d better move before the guard becomes suspicious.”
They followed the drive bumping over small mountains of snow that shook the car even while moving slowly. Moments later they discovered a second entrance. Dark unsupervised. A narrow gap between the wire fence and a short stone wall. A snow-covered dirt track and ice that showed where the vehicles had crushed their way through. Visibility was non-existent without headlights. Parking in a gap off the track Buick issued the uniformed police instructions. “Wait here for us. If we’re not back in twenty minutes come find us.”
“With all due respect Mam,” the driver began. “Wouldn’t it be better if at least one of us goes with you. Strength in numbers and all that?”
She ignored his use of the ‘mam’ term and repeated her instructions. “We have a radio if we need you in a hurry.”
The uniforms nodded. The car warm the outside freezing. It should have been a no brainer.
They climbed out without another word and headed along the dirt track skirting the low stone wall until they arrived at an open gate. They had arrived at an entrance to a small chapel. The silhouette of the building visible against the dark grey sky. Its spire pointing to the clouds high above them. Immediately ahead of them the track broadened out accommodating the car and van they had followed. Both empty doors open. No breeze. The night motionless. Air wintry and fresh. They trudged forward towards the vehicles.
A flash of multi-coloured lights radiated for several moments from the chapel windows. Reds, yellows, blues, and purples. Buick took the lead with Dukes muttering behind her, “I hope this isn’t going to turn out to be a party. Those flashing lights. Might be a disco. I’m not dressed for dancing.”
“Pretty sure it isn’t that. No music.” She replied sombrely. “It’s so quiet we could be in a graveyard.” Listening to the night. Not a sound. Not even from distant traffic. A cocoon of silence. The snow crunching beneath their steps the loudest noise.
“What do you think Boss?”
“A chapel. Consecrated ground. Back to the witches.” She said. The branding only seemed to confirm her suspicions. “You mentioned a graveyard,” Dukes said nodding to headstones surrounding them concealed under several inches of snow and ice.
“Why doesn’t that make me feel better,” Buick hesitated considering their situation and whether or not to continue without the uniforms back at the car.
“Wish I’d tooled up,” Dukes said.
“I did,” Buick assured her lifting a Glock 17 from her satchel. Never leave without it these days. “We’ll call for back-up if this goes pear shaped. But before we do anything, I want to see what they’re doing with those kids.”
At a window Dukes stood on tip toes to peer inside. It was dark. Two candles burning on an altar. No movement. No people. No flashing lights. Nothing. “What can you see?” Buick impatiently asked.
“It’s too dark.” Dropping back down she said, “We need to go inside.” A hint of trepidation in her tone. Uncomfortable being in a graveyard in dead of night seemed reasonable. At least that’s what she told herself. A childhood spent watching B movies produced by Hammer House of Horrors had imbued an irrational fear of the dead deep within. The entrance was occupied by a pair of large oak doors wearing black metal handles. Buick turned one and pushed. The door swung inwards without a sound.
Dukes frowned. That never happened in the movies.
Stepping inside they found themselves standing on a wide stony aisle that ran between two rows of wooden benches facing the altar. She wasn’t certain why, but the air felt charged. Indefinably so. Not moving they allowed their eyes to acclimatise to a deeper darkness before able to focus on their surroundings. A slither of moonlight wrestled its way through the windows behind the altar revealing a large Orb on a tall golden stand. No upended crucifix in sight. Buick felt confused.
“Where do you think they’ve gone?” Dukes asked.
She shook her head. The walls of the chapel visibly empty. Again, not what she had expected. The use of symbols was a recognized feature of the Occult. Witches used them all the time plastering walls in them. Why not here? She reminded herself to ask Kyla Shaw. Moving forward they approached the Orb with fascination as it began to gently glow with the colours they had seen outside.
Only when they were close did a pungent whiff sting their senses.
Dukes covered her nose gasping for air, “What the hell is that?”
“Sulphur. We need to get out of here,” Buick quickly turned. They just had time to see the exit before their legs buckled.
***
Maddox stood over them. Shoulder to shoulder with paramedics as they woke up. Behind her the huge frame of Hughes. A small smile attempting to hide his concern. Pleased they were okay.
“How’re you feeling?” Maddox asked.
Propped up against an outside wall they both took in the uniforms and forensic team moving in and out of the chapel. Sun rise an hour old. Buick shuddered with cold even under the blanket covering her shoulders.
The paramedics stepped back giving them space.
“My head hurts, and I feel sick,” Dukes said. “I remember being at the altar before blacking out. How’d we get here?”
Maddox shook her head “The uniforms who drove here searched for you after the van and car they’d been following rushed out. “They got you out. Are you able to stand?”
The paramedics helped her up while Dukes made the climb without assistance. “I caught a whiff of sulphur, but there must’ve been something else. We definitely collapsed inside.”
“One of the forensic scientists joined them and spoke with the paramedics, “It’s Carfentanil.”
“What is Carfentanil?” Buick interrupted. Demanding attention.
A paramedic answered as the other man returned to the chapel. “It’s a fairly recent synthetic opioid. Highly dangerous. We need to give you something to block its effects. Let me help you to the ambulance.”
Moments later after she had been given an injection Buick leaned back on the ambulance bench. “I realize this is a little late, but what did you just stick in my arm?”
“A dose of Narcan. Carfentanil can be deadly. You were lucky.”
“Why don’t I feel lucky?” Dukes asked.
“We keep Narcan onboard for people who overdose on drugs. It’s a life saver. The effects of the Narcan should only take a couple of minutes to work. Is there someone at home to look after you?”
“Does a cat count?” Dukes asked.
“Don’t worry about us,” Buick said. “We can find people to make sure we’re okay. One last thing though how does Carfentanil appear?”
“A white powder. Similar to cocaine in appearance. Real nasty stuff. I’ll leave you both a nose spray. The effects of Narcan are temporary compared with Carfentanil. You need to use the nose spray as and when necessary.”
“Thank you both. For everything.” She pushed back on her feet already feeling the effects of the vaccine take effect. “Wow, that is better.”
Maddox and Hughes crowded round them. “Do you want us to drive you home?”
“Where are the two uniformed officers who carried us out?”
“Here,” one of the officer’s said leading the other towards them. “Glad to see you both alive and well Chief Inspector.”
“Seems we owe you our lives,” she smiled.
“I’m just grateful you left us behind when you climbed out. If we’d been with you we might all have gone down.”
“Was there an Orb on the altar when you found us?”
“Orb?” Their frown answered the question.
The Orb had been removed before the woman and her group and gone.
“It was what blew out a puff of smoke that took us out,” Dukes informed them. “Nasty toy.”
“Well, if you don’t need us,” the uniformed driver said. “Not for now,” Buick laughed. “Thanks again.”
They nodded and left.
“Boss, where do you want us to take you?”
“Back to the office. We’re better off there than anywhere else.”
“Did you get close enough to circulate a description?” Hughes asked.
“Not really, but I could spot the woman again by the way she walks. Like she was on a model’s catwalk. Plus, she wore a Max Mara coat.”
“Really,” Maddox sounded impressed. “Lucky girl.”
Hughes led the way to their car. He’d never heard of Max Mara. Guessed it was a woman thing. “They wanted you dead. The locals are questioning workers at the warehouse next door. If they’re regular visitors to the chapel, we might get lucky with a witness?”
“Take us first to Woolwich,” she said with a sudden change of mind. “There’s a certain DS I need to speak with.”
“Are you up to it?” Hughes asked.
“Oh yes,” she said. “Most definitely.”
***
They were headed East away from Westminster when she received a call from Bailey, “Betty what the hell do you think you’re doing without informing me first!”
Not the kind of start to a conversation she expected to have with him after a near death experience. Resisting the temptation to begin an argument her calm reply sounded to her team as if she were attempting to lower his concern. Besides, it was never good for morale when bosses were heard arguing. “I’m feeling much better now thank you Commander.”
“What!” Bailey exclaimed. “Oh, of course. Yes glad to hear it, but that doesn’t get you off the hook. I told you to keep me up-to-speed with any progress. I didn’t tell you to go off and do your own investigating and almost get yourself killed in the process!”
“I’m sure you didn’t mean that, but you know how investigations can be it’s not always possible to know where a clue might lead.”
“Clearly, you’re not able to speak freely. We’ll discuss this further in the morning Betty.” The connection ended abruptly not that the others would have known from her actions before she slipped the mobile back into her satchel. That Bailey was hopping mad because she had followed a lead on her own initiative threw up its own issues. She had never known him react so ferociously over anything before. That in itself puzzled her. He was obviously chasing corrupt officers but who? Hawkins very probably but what about the NCA? Kevin Howard and his team were the ones she was meant to monitor. He couldn’t expect her to provide step-by-step progress without knowing more about what he expected her to discover. A glance at her watch showed it was just after eleven thirty. So much had happened in such little time. She hadn’t realized that Bailey worked so late these days. Seniority had its privileges and one of those was enjoying work time between ten and six. In the morning she would fight her corner and demand he share more about what was going on.
They reached Woolwich a short while later. Hawkins was still missing as they entered the CID office making first contact with four other detectives together with the Inspector in charge.
Buick made the introductions before the Inspector led the way to his office.
“Hawkins went missing last night. No one has seen hide nor hair of him. He’s not at home. I sent a car to check.” DI Eric Dawson said. “It’s unlike him. He’s usually the most conscientious bloke I’ve got. Never misses a day. Totally reliable.”
“You can appreciate why I find that hard to believe Inspector,” Buick said. “He let us badly down last night.”
“All I can say is that’s not like him. Also, I’m sorry it happened. Sounds like you were lucky to survive.”
“We tried contacting you and the other detectives but found that impossible too. In the end we had to resort to asking the local uniforms for assistance. They’ve been great by the way. On the drive back I was informed they’d discovered a sizeable quantity of drugs, weapons as well as identifying half a dozen teenagers who’d been reported missing by their parents. Obviously, the camp has required a search for a long time.” She didn’t care how she sounded. Didn’t care that Dawson was doing what any good boss would do defending one of his detectives. The fact she had nearly died was sinking in and she was pissed. “If Hawkins had done what I asked my detective sergeant and I would not have ended up at death’s door. I won’t be sparing when he finally surfaces Inspector. You can be certain of that!”
“I can only apologise.”
“Where were you and your people?” Dawson was in his late thirties. Probably in the job since he left school. A good cop once, she thought and immediately berated herself. She didn’t know anything about him. Too early to measure his honesty. Pulling back on her anger she leaned forward elbows on his desk. “I expect honesty. Anything else and you’re suspended.”
A frown creased his brow bringing his dark eyebrows close together. “That’s all you’ll ever get from me Chief Inspector. We were at a party. Phones off.”
“And you remained uncontactable.”
“Hawkins knew where we were. Additionally, one of the uniforms also knew with instructions to contact us should we be needed. He found out too late about you and Hawkins absence.”
“Whose party?”
“No one you’d know. A uniformed sergeant who just retired stationed in Barking. My people have been working round the clock since those three teenagers were found and needed a break. The NCA are operating out of a mobile unit at the scene. They didn’t need us tonight. I checked.”
Everyone was working round the clock she thought. The problem with cutbacks. Limiting resources never a good thing except if you were a politician or accountant. A flush of sympathy suddenly diluted her inner rage. Her tone taking on a more approachable sound, “Maybe we both got stab bed in the back.”
Her response unexpected. The frown relaxed releasing the lines on his face. “I really am sorry what happened. If there’s anything I can do?”
“Find your man Hawkins for me,” she said without hesitation. “We need to know why he stranded us.”
He nodded, “I understand the charge room is full right now. They need our help too, but I’ll send a couple of my people to call at his home. He lives on the ground, so it won’t take them long.”
“My team can help out downstairs and I want to talk to the head of the camp. Do you know her?”
“Kyla Shaw,” he repeated her name as if it were familiar. “Never met the lady but Hawkins kept me informed. Most of the local stations had officers visiting the camp to monitor the goings on.”
“She’s no lady,” she corrected. “So, Hawkins was your eyes and ears at the camp?” He nodded rising from the seat headed towards the door, “Yeah. Mind if I join you with Shaw. I’d like to find out if what he told me matches reality?”
Shaw had been left in an interview room with a uniformed guard. Sitting behind a desk arms folded across her chest wearing a thick hoodie blanket sweatshirt. The room lighting highlighting the thick mascara around her eyes and greenness of the iris. She rose from her seat as Buick and Dawson entered. “I shouldn’t be here over those drugs. I have nothing to do with them!”
“Sit down,” Dawson said firmly using a seat opposite when she had done as told. Buick sat alongside him. “They found ten kilos of cocaine in two separate places on the site you head. That’s around half a million quid.”
“I told you I know nothing about it. My caravan is nowhere near the people who had the stuff.”
“The best part for us is that the people you hid your stash with have already made statements that you instructed them to store the drugs for you,” Buick told her.
“And you believe them?”
“Why would they lie?”
“Oh, let me think. Maybe because they don’t want to spend a lifetime in prison!”
“There’s been an increase by traffickers in the use of drugs as a means of controlling or forcing vulnerable victims into slave labour.”
“That’s terrible,” a rich sarcasm in her tone said it all.
He stared at her as if she were transparent, “Other residents at the camp told us that you were responsible for selling them an eight ball.”
“They’re lying. I don’t know what that term even means.”
“It means approximately an eighth of an ounce of cocaine,” Buick leaned forward holding her gaze. “Cocaine is a Class A drug. For your information that means up to life in prison, an unlimited fine or both. We’ve got you Kyla. Now would be a good time to tell us everything.”
“Nothing to tell,” she replied.
“I asked the Station Sergeant he tells me you waived your right for legal defence to be present. Why is that?”
“I’m innocent. There’s no need. But he’ll come anyway.”
“Who?” Buick asked.
“You’ll see.”
“Did you call him before getting nicked?” Dawson asked.
“Didn’t need to.”
“I take it he has a crystal ball then,” he chuckled.
“Oh, he knows I’m here,” she replied a hint of smug satisfaction in her eyes.
“You’ll be charged with trafficking a Class A drug,” he continued. “Half a dozen witnesses will point their fingers in your direction. It’s a slam dunk,” Dawson repeated rising from the seat. “We’ll oppose bail.”
“I know about you Dawson,” she told him catching his attention. “Married man with three kids. One who suffers with asthma. The youngest one, she’s just ten. It’d be a shame if she had a sudden attack that your wife couldn’t do anything about.”
He wasn’t the biggest detective by any means but a threat against his family exposed an unfamiliar rage. Moving swiftly round the desk he pulled Shaw off the seat and banged her up against the wall. Hand round her throat. Choking. Stifling airflow. “You really think you can get away with threatening my family?”
Buick came around the desk and grabbed his arm, struggling to peel it back, “She’s taunting you Eric. Nothing more. Don’t do something you’ll regret.”
He pushed Shaw back on the seat before Buick dragged him towards the door.
“I inform people never threaten them,” the Witch told them rubbing her neck where his hand had been. “All I do is say what’s going to happen. As for you Chief Inspector. I’d be concerned about my Sergeant. She’s open to suggestions that can hurt her.”
Buick led him out before he uttered an apology as the door behind them closed, “Sorry. Guess I’m tired.”
“She enjoys making people question themselves. The worst kind of master manipulator. It’s how she gets people to believe she’s a real witch.”
“You’ve come across her before?” He asked.
“Her kind. Women from the same coven. They’ll play with your head if you let them.”
Heavy footsteps made them look round. A tall stout figure smartly dressed in dark suit collar and tie beneath a cashmere overcoat strode up followed by a uniformed officer. “I’m Sir Quentin Hogg. Kyla Shaw’s barrister. I want to see her.”
“She’s in there,” Dawson nodded towards the door and a moment later Hogg disappeared inside.
“Impressive,” Buick said. Quentin Hogg was a highly paid and much sought-after barrister often mentioned in the press for defending serious criminals. Most of whom managed to evade imprisonment.
“You know him?” He asked.
“Only by reputation. Whoever’s supporting Shaw has bottomless pockets.”
CHAPTER SIX
The next morning after just a few hours’ sleep Buick returned to the Yard. The Christmas decorations out of sync with the feelings shared by the team. Another surprise was the sight of Bailey sitting in her office. Expression serious. Eyes angry. Body language agitated.
“Hello, Jim. This is an unexpected pleasure. I thought we were to meet in your office at ten.” She said removing her coat hooking it on rack above the radiator before turning back to him.
“How’re you feeling?” He asked, a hint of mild concern in his tone.
“Fine. The antidote works quickly.”
“You were lucky.”
“So, people keep telling me.” She made herself comfortable behind the desk dropping her satchel on the floor beside her. “Now, I can tell from the file on my desk that you’re not only here to discuss my health.”
“Look inside,” he said. “You’ll notice an Orb instead of a cross. It’s because this chapel is devoted to Mars.”
“Martians, I might’ve known!” She scoffed.
“That’s not what I said,” he replied. “The chapel was built in celebration of a sci-fi novelist. Edgar Rice Burroughs who wrote extensively about a character called John Carter, apart from Tarzan and others. His Carter character is mysteriously transported to Mars and back to Earth through some type of crystal portal. His books were read extensively and produced a cult following who titled themselves, ‘Mars Lives’. Burroughs died in nineteen fifty. His books continue to be sold and, I believe use of this chapel has some bearing on what’s happening.”
“With respect, it’s more a coincidence. After last night I’m even more convinced the NightShadow witches are behind this. The fact they’re generating funds from drugs is no big surprise either.”
“Yes, I read a brief report from the uniformed Inspector. However, it’s not unexpected that drugs would be found in a homeless camp. Losers like that need something to escape reality.”
She dropped into the seat staring at him in disbelief. No sign of compassion or sympathy for those who found themselves beaten down by a system that protected a small wealthy elite. It was a new side to his character she had never seen before. “Not all of them are wasters Jim. You know that as well as I do.”
“More to the point. Why didn’t you inform me what you were intending to do?”
“I can’t call you every time I need to take action. This was one of those times.”
“And what about the job I tasked you with, monitoring the NCA.”
“We’re working in co-operation. They’re under resourced like all of us. Howard and I came to an arrangement that keeps us communicating while spreading out our staff. We’re doing much more than either of us could have hoped to do alone.”
Leaning elbows on his knees hands clasped tightly he raised his head. Face reddening, “That’s not what I asked you to do. You had one job. Monitor NCA. That’s it.”
“This investigation is bigger than any of us realized. Last night the camp leader Kyla Shaw demonstrated just how influential she is. Her defence barrister turned up – Sir Quentin Hogg!”
His gaze did not falter. “You were instructed to monitor the NCA. Nothing else. I’m taking your team off the investigation with immediate effect. Get back to your Christmas festivities. I’ll overlook any in subordinance due to you all being overworked. You need a rest. Make the most of it.” He rose from the seat turning to the door.
“Are you serious?” She was incredulous. “This is the most talked about murder enquiry in the public eye and we’re just beginning to have some success with it. You can’t just pull the plug now.”
He paused long enough to turn back, “I can, and have. Don’t press me on this Betty. You’ll lose and so will your team.”
Alone in her office she felt momentarily incapable of moving. Bailey’s reaction bizarre. Why would he do such a thing? What wasn’t he telling her? The team were staring at her office gauging her reaction to Bailey’s visit. The glass partition that divided them no defence against professional assessments of body language. Getting to her feet she stepped out of the office and braced herself for their reaction to the Commander’s visit. “We’re to stand down. The triple murder is no longer our business.”
“What!” Maddox the first to react. “Why?”
“I can only repeat what I’ve been told,” she said maintaining an artificial calm. “We can return to our previous Christmas plans. Get on with them as if nothing happened since we joined the investigation.”
“Difficult to forget that we nearly died,” Dukes added. “Or that the culprits are still walking around.”
She made no attempt at a reply. Nothing she said would have changed how any of them felt. “What’s going on boss?” Hughes asked. “Someone has to be pulling Bailey’s chain for us to get dropped now. Any ideas who it might be?”
He was right she thought. Someone else was putting pressure on Bailey but with what motive? “Did you check with Woolwich whether Hawkins has turned up?”
He nodded. “Still a no show.”
She turned to her office and closed the door. Half an hour later she stepped out. “Okay, team we’ve a new case. A missing DS at Woolwich called Rodney Hawkins.”
Maddox always the first to question, “Does Commander Bailey know?”
“He does,” she grinned. “I want us all to pay Woolwich a visit. “Toni you’re driving.”
An hour later they stepped into the CID office at Woolwich. The room full of detectives including from the NCA. Dawson and Howard in the Detective Inspector’s office with the door closed visible through a glass partition. Dawson gestured Buick join them.
She left the team outside mingling with the other detectives and closed the office door after stepping into the room. “Thanks for the help.”
Dawson grinned, “Figured you’d proved your usefulness Boss.” Dawson had made out an Irregular Missing Person’s report and emailed it to Bailey. A lengthy discussion over the phone persuaded the Commander to allow IMP to investigate Hawkins disappearance. “Never thought being under-resourced would prove useful for anything.”
“Is Shaw still in custody?”
“No. Quentin hoojamaflip got her released,” Dawson said sheepishly.
“What! It was a slam dunk you said so yourself. What happened?”
“Shaw has no previous. The people pointing fingers have records as long as your arm. Mostly drugs related. Nothing whatever was found in or even close to her caravan. That Hogg dude figured it was a set-up by her residents to oust her because she’s strict. The fact no teenagers have gone missing from her camp was also used to reflect just how good a leader she is. Without solid evidence, basically her hand in a pile of coke we had nothing other than the words of criminals.
”Buick’s eyes closed involuntarily as she fought with herself to overcome her temper. A tantrum would do no one any favours. “Okay, so what have we got?”
“Six camp residents locked up who will go to court pointing the finger at Shaw, but also facing their charges of their own. The pair with the biggest stashes will be charged with trafficking. For now, that’s the best we’ve got.”
The phone on his desk rang twice before he answered it, “Dawson.”
“Hi. When? Where is she? Yeah, I’ll meet you there in twenty minutes.” He rose from the seat. “My youngest just got taken to A and E at Newham Memorial. I need to leave but you can use my office.”
“What happened?” Buick asked.
He shot a look at her, “Asthma attack.”
The blood drained from her face. Dawson had gone before she could say more. “And then there were two,” Howard said before catching her white complexion. “Are you alright Betty?”
“Yes, thank you. A little surprised that’s all.” He frowned uncertain what she meant.
“Last night Shaw threatened Eric. Told him his youngest would have an asthma episode.”
“You’re suggesting witchcraft,” he replied with more than a hint of scepticism. “I’ve been doing this job too long to ignore the oddities we all encounter at some time or other.”
“But witches,” he replied unable to disguise a crooked smile. “If I have to start believing in the supernatural as well as human nasties I may need a vacation sooner rather than later.”
“All I ever ask of anyone I work with is for them to keep an open mind.”
“Did Shaw threaten you?”
“Not directly. She said something about Dukes being open to suggestions that could hurt her.”
“Have you warned her?”
She shook her head, “I’m not into sowing seeds for people like Shaw to exploit.” Changing the subject seemed appropriate given his scepticism. “Have you made any progress with Jenny Ridley?”
“We’ve been looking into the chapel you found.”
“Edgar Rice Burroughs and the Martians,” she said.
“As if this isn’t weird enough,” Howard was in his mid-thirties and clearly an accomplished officer with a promising career otherwise he would not have been accepted by the NCA. Newish organizations wanted the best to prove themselves useful and grabbing the best candidates from all the Forces hungry to make a name for themselves made it happen. “We’ve traced the chapel owners. A shell company called Burr Limited based in Jamaica.”
“Imaginative,” she replied. “I’m sure Burroughs would’ve been gob smacked by such an inventive name. I’m thinking they’re a cult of some sort.”
His eyes narrowed, “I’m guessing, categorization helps you put them in perspective?”
“Do you have something better?”
“Not at the moment.”
“Then cult it is.”
“Fine.” Being introduced to the possibility that the reality he knew and loved co-existed alongside another that he didn’t was beginning to play on his mind. It was plenty for anyone to accept, even those on her team. “As a matter of routine, I showed Jenny a photograph of Anton Radu and she almost jumped out of her skin. She claims he’s the one who tortured her.”
“Radu. Which means what?” She asked.
“Human trafficking is a definite part of what’s going down,” he said. “A big part but we still don’t know the reason these kids are needed by them. I guess once we figure that out we’ll know what we’re up against. It doesn’t appear to be for prostitution because they’re careless over injuries and we’ve never come across this cult before now. Do you know if stories in the books include sacrifices?”
“Not that I’m aware.”
“Other common reasons teenagers get abducted include organ harvesting, breeding, genetic enhancement tests and drugs trials. It’s difficult to know if any of those fit this. Maybe we’ve stumbled onto something new?”
“You agree there’s more, something less obvious?”
“I’m a sceptic not an idiot. You suspect witches.”
“I know that Kyla Shaw is from the NightShadow coven in Scotland.”
“What’s she doing in London. Did she quit the coven?”
“No way,” Buick was emphatic. “No one leaves a coven like the NightShadow and lives to tell the tale.”
“Then what’s your take on this Betty. I promise to keep an open mind.”
“It’s a work in progress. Witches, traffickers and an unknown. My guess is the unknown brought the other two together and is fulfilling an agenda only they’re familiar with.”
“Are you a conspiracy theorist?”
“So much for an open mind,” she replied dismissively. “Stop thinking about your career for a moment.”
“What’s that to do with anything?” He said suddenly confused.
“You can only have an open mind if you’re not worrying over a career move that might negatively impact. My work arena happens to include things none of us accept as normal. For that reason, we often have to side-line our indoctrinated beliefs to allow unimaginable ideas in. Are you capable of that?”
He was sat opposite a superior officer telling him that the world included strange things outside human experience. Did he laugh or accept that the Metropolitan Police had created her unit to deal with stuff outside ordinary police work? Choosing the latter, he allowed his tone to sound more positive than he felt, “Okay, say I go along with you. What do you want me to do?”
“First off, why does this investigation have my brass worried. What do you know that you’re not sharing?”
He hesitated but only briefly, “I can’t tell you.”
“Because you’ve been ordered not to share?”
“Yes.”
“Do you trust your brass?”
“Do you?” “A question answered with a question is never a good way of building trust.” Not wanting to share information because his boss told him not to an acceptable limitation. It also showed that he was loyal. Trust required that. “Alright Kevin keep your little secret until you think I’ve earned hearing it. Is that fair?”
“I guess, but you still haven’t told me what you’d like me to do?”
“Your job. That should be easy enough for starters. Keep me up-to-speed with progress and if at all possible avoid talking to Bailey or any other brass from the Met. At least until I find out what’s going on behind the scenes.”
“Just in case you’re right about the witch angle is there anything you know that will help me protect myself?” Howard like most sceptics refused to accept the existence of phenomena and would willingly vilify those who did. Yet there remained enough doubt for him to request precautions in the event he was wrong. The vilification of messengers like her forgotten.
“Whenever you hear incantations, curses or spells avoid eye contact. Their chants have a hypnotic affect that is also transmitted through their eyes. Witches all learn to overwhelm victims through hypnosis. If you step onto consecrated ground wear earplugs to avoid high pitched sounds used to disorientate you. Wear a filtered mask whenever you make physical contact. Their make-up is laced with different forms of organic compounds. The users are accustomed to it and able to resist its sedative influence when inhaled, but you’re not and will likely be incapacitated. Also, never accept anything to drink from them not even a glass of water, it will undoubtedly be laced with something that will harm you.”
He sighed aloud, “Is that it?”
“Wear a crucifix at all times.”
“I’m not religious,” he said quickly as if it needing to be expressed.
“Then the cross won’t be as strong a defence as if you were. However, it can still offer protection.”
“You really take this witch stuff seriously. Is that because you want to grow your unit or is it because the supernatural exists. That’s the question I keep asking myself.”
“Don’t look at me in the same light as yourself Kevin,” she said. “I’m not nearly as ambitious. I’m happy with where I am what I’m doing with the number of people helping me. I prefer small because it’s easier to manage and focus on each investigation.”
“So, you think I’m ambitious?” It was a question that he wanted her to answer.
“You wouldn’t be with the NCA if you didn’t think it good for your career. They’ve been collecting ‘fast track’ recruits for years and your exactly the type I’d have expected to meet. So, yes I think you’re ambitious, what I’m unsure about is whether you’re the kind who puts career before the job?”
Her bluntness threw him. In some ways it was refreshing but it could also be a trap. He didn’t know and had never heard of Buick before this investigation. She could be spying on him to report back how he behaved. Whatever his answer no doubt she would hold him to it. “I guess that’s something you’ll have to wait to discover for yourself Betty.”
“Maybe we both have something to learn from this investigation,” she replied. “My team will begin the search for Hawkins. It seems reasonable to suspect he’s involved with Shaw, but I doubt he knows more than what she’s allowed to share.”
“So, you don’t think she’s the top honcho?”
“No. She doesn’t have the ability to do what’s happening here. Bringing organizations together like this takes planning and insight into their operations. The strategy would be complex and may also reach into other areas we might not yet be aware.”
“You make it sound an attractive investigation,” he said with a grin. “If I was the ambitious career chaser you think I am I’d be excited.”
Ignoring his levity, she shared her mobile screen, “This image depicts an entrance at the chapel found on a wall. It possibly relates to the portal in Burrough’s books. Either side are creatures with four arms and legs, again possibly from the book.”
“Okay, so we’re looking for a bunch of weirdoes who believe in life on Mars and bring their victims here to do what?” He asked.
“Transport them to Mars,” she said with momentary seriousness. His uncertainty obvious until she broke into a smile. “Traffickers were always high on our list of possibilities, but Martian traffickers I don’t think so,” she mused.
“Some like to believe in the wackiest ideas, the wackier the better. I don’t imagine Burroughs would’ve expected a cult following.”
“There’s nothing in the books specifically about teenagers. Plenty of nubile young women but no more than in most books of that type. Any connection between teens and the books isn’t obvious. This cult calls itself Mars Lives.”
“Your Commissioner invited us to investigate this case,” he unexpectedly admitted.
“The Commissioner knows about this?” Buick was incredulous. This investigation had gone to the very top of the food chain. What made it different to any other murder investigation for it to do that? Nothing obvious.
“You didn’t know,” he said surprised. “I thought they’d have at least made that much clear to you. I also thought it was the reason you were asked to spectate. Now I’m beginning to wonder.”
“You and me both,” she replied. “Do you think it has to do with Mars Lives?”
He shrugged, “At this point anything’s possible. We were able to trace one of the founders a Maurice Blood. He set up the group in the sixties.”
“He must be ancient.”
“He died twenty years ago but had two sons both of which took over in the nineties. Nicholas and Rupert. Unfortunately, after two thousand and one things get murky. What became of them a mystery. Both went missing in Scotland while on a family holiday with their wives.”
“Did the wives also disappear?”
“Yes. What happened to Mars Lives is undocumented. There are reports of it over the past twenty years in some articles about Burroughs work but nothing to indicate where we might look for members.”
“I’d like to suggest that you research the NightShadow coven in Scotland to find a link between them and Mars Lives. Go back to the sixties if you have to but if I were a gambler I’d bet there’s a connection somewhere in their histories. Also, check out the addresses for Nicholas and Rupert find out if any descendants are around.”
“What are you going to do?”
“We’ll be paying DS Hawkins home a visit. If we discover anything useful I’ll let you know.”
“Likewise,” he said and rose to leave.
“I meant it about the crucifix,” she warned him.
“I’ll think about it,” he said and stepped out.
As soon as he had gone her team joined her in Dawson’s office. “We need to find Hawkins if we’re to get any idea how big an investigation Jenny Ridley really is. Apparently the Commissioner had input inviting NCA to take the lead on the Ridley case.” No one showed as much surprise as Buick which disappointed her. Maybe her rank made her more concerned about spectators?  “I’ve his home address,” Maddox said. “It’s about fifteen minutes away. He lives with a brother.”
“No wife?” Buick asked.
“Divorced five years. No children. Bit of a loner by all accounts but nothing detrimental that makes him look an obvious choice for Shaw.”
“Let’s go.”
A fall of snow was imminent. White, grey clouds low and heavy fit to burst as the gritter truck trundled along the main road towards the police station. Leaving in its wake a patchwork quilt of stones and salt to dissipate ice. Its driver and passenger grumbling about family life during the pandemic lockdown.
The police non-descript was parked outside the station between parked vehicles. Maddox and Dukes led with Buick and Hughes trailing behind more careful of slipping on the icy pavement. The indicator lights flashed as the key fob sensor released the doors and Dukes headed round the rear of the vehicle to the driver’s door. Glancing to her right as she did so before stepping out then stopping suddenly as a familiar figure appeared across the road.
“Mum?” She frowned uncertainly. Blinked twice before intending to step from between the cars. A hand grabbed her shoulder yanking her back as the gritter truck went by brushing her face with a blast of air. The figure opposite gone. Dukes fell back against Maddox. Legs weak. “What the hell!”
“Are you alright,” she asked feeling her give an involuntary shudder. Buick and Hughes quickly joined them. “I saw my mother. She called to me.”
Everyone looked across the road but the icy snow covering the pavement was empty not a person in sight. Maddox said, “You must have imagined it.”
“Mum died three years ago. A hit and run.” She said confused that she might have just seen her.
“I’ll drive,” Maddox said freeing the keys from her hand. Hughes slid in beside her in the back while Buick and Maddox stared at the pavement opposite. “Good job you warned me about Shaw. If I had gotten in when she opened the doors I wouldn’t have been there for her.”
“Did you see anything?” Buick asked.
“Nothing.”
“We must be doing our job if they’re beginning to fight back from another plain. Let’s keep it up.”
The snow that had been threatening to fall began the moment they climbed into the car. The drive took twenty minutes as a blizzard suddenly exploded over London driven by an icy wind that cut through clothing as if it didn’t exist. Hawkins lived in a terraced property in Plashet Grove. Built in the 1930s they were large three bedroomed habitats built for families rather than couples or single occupants. Maddox and Dukes stayed in the car while Buick and Hughes climbed out and made a rush to a small porch. Closely huddled together she used a buzzer. Hoping whoever was making noises inside wouldn’t take long to answer.
Moments later the front door swung open and a short dumpy man in jumper and trousers answered. No shoes and a hole in his right sock. Its big toe exposed. In his late forties with greying dark hair the resemblance to his brother unmistakable.
Buick flashed her ID, “We’re looking for your brother.”
“You and the entire Met,” he said.
“Could we come inside?” Buick asked before stepping in with Hughes close behind. Hesitation as he considered while the icy wind blew hard at them. “Alright. I’m John his brother. We inherited this place from our parents,” he explained leading them into a front room where an open fire raged fiercely above a marble hearth. The sound of popping and crackling loud as trapped moisture exploded. The room was hot rather than warm removing the option to remain in overcoats.
“Do you have any idea where he might have gone?”
“As I told his mates at the nick. He never mentioned a word to me about disappearing. Should I be worried?”
“I don’t think so,” she assured him. “What about friends, a girlfriend perhaps?”
He shook his head. “No. Rod was married once, and it didn’t work out. Very acrimonious in the end it put him right off getting into another relationship. Keeps to himself most of the time when he’s not working.”
“Does he have any hobbies?”
“Yeah. Music. Jazz in particular. Visits pubs all over London when he hears about a group he likes.”
“Is there a specific pub that he visits more than any other?”
The floorboards above creaked loudly followed by a scraping sounding. Old houses tended to do that, but it doesn’t usually make an occupant jittery.
“Is someone upstairs?” Buick asked.
“Must be the cat.”
The sound repeated.
“What is it a Tiger?” Hughes asked staring at the ceiling while rising off the sofa. “Mind if I take a look?”
John Hawkins rose to challenge him, but Hughes was an easy hundred pounds heavier and several inches taller. The odds against him. “Okay, I’ve a friend upstairs.”
“Why so reluctant to tell us?”
“Because it’s nothing to do with you this is my home and unless you’ve a warrant you’d better leave.”
“Is your brother upstairs John?” Buick asked.
“No. I told you I haven’t seen him,” he repeated.
“You understand why we might find that hard to believe at this point. Let DI Hughes go take a look and if it isn’t him he’ll return, and no damage done.” “Sounds like you’re not giving me an option Chief Inspector.”
“Good because that’s exactly what I’m doing. Not giving you an option.” She gave Hughes a nod and he stepped around Hawkins without further delay.
Taking two stairs at a time he reached the landing quickly his steps audible as he moved to the room above. A sharp crash followed by a yell and thud ended whatever occurred above them. Buick never taking her eyes off Hawkins who dropped back on a seat. “I had to take the bloke in they’ve got my brother.”
“Who?” She asked.
“Traffickers.”
Hughes came slowly down the stairs an unconscious man hanging over one of his broad shoulders. “He’s been shot in the leg but still tried to put up a fight.” Lowering him gently onto the sofa the young man in his early twenties remained unconscious.”
“I’ve been waiting for their doctor to arrive to patch him up, but it’s been hours.”
Hughes removed a bandage to examine the wound on his right thigh, “A through and through. It’s been cleaned and looks good. Did you do this John?”
“Yes,” he said avoiding eye contact.
“He’ll survive.” Hughes said. “Question is how did he get it?”
“Apparently he and his brother fell out with the people they’ve an arrangement to provide girls. There was an altercation and he wound up like that.”
“What’s his brother’s name?” Buick asked.
“Anton. Anton Radu.”
“The Romanian,” she said softly. “We’re looking for him too. So, tell me how’s your brother involved with these cretins?”
“He wanted to make some easy money. They offered plenty for him to inform on what the police were doing.”
“Clearly there are others involved outside the traffickers. Who are they?”
“I only know what Rod told me which isn’t much. All I can say is that he used to grumble about them thinking themselves better than him. It sounded to me as if they were from the hoity toity brigade. Snobs with plenty of wonga who used it to abuse the less fortunate.”
“Have you had any dealings with them?”
“Me!” He replied aghast at the thought. “Never. Fixing him up is the closest I’ve ever been. I warned Rod he was putting his career on the line for a few grand but he wouldn’t listen. Thought he could handle whatever came at him.”
“What happened to him?”
“A bunch of them came here looking for this one and he left with them. he stopped them searching the place and said he’d help them find the brothers. He told me everything would be fine. I haven’t seen him since.” Hawkins looked pitiful. Eyes red rimmed about to cry he was clearly unaccustomed to dealing with criminals. Unlike his brother who sounded like he usually kept them both safe. Until now.
“Did you get a look at the people who came here. Could you identify them?”
“Women with guns that’s all I know. I couldn’t take my eyes off their shooters I really thought I was going die all for this scrote.”
“And you can’t remember what they looked like?”
“Dressed in black all four of them. Capes over trousers. That’s the best I can offer. I avoided eye contact in case they took umbrage.”
“Well, you and this scrote are both nicked. We’ll call an ambulance to take him to hospital with a police escort, but you’ll be staying with us until we’ve sorted out the details.”
CHAPTER SEVEN
At the station Hawkins was placed in a cell while Buick and her team returned to the CID office. Dawson remained at the hospital while Howard had also returned.
“Heard you collared Hawkins brother and a Romanian,” he said as she joined in the absent inspector’s office.”
“Anton Radu’s brother. Our Sergeant is somehow involved but might’ve fallen out with the NightShadow. They took him while searching for the Romanians and it’s unclear whether he’s a hostage or working with them.”
“What happened between them and the Romanians?”
“Not certain, but it sounds like they had a dispute over money. I detained Hawkins brother until we find more answers. What about you any luck?”
“Kyla Shaw has vanished. No one has seen her since she got released. I warned them that would happen.”
“You can’t blame anyone over her release Hogg’s top notch that’s why he’s paid big bucks. What we really need is to identify the third group leading them.”
The phone on Dawson desk interrupted them. Buick answered.
“Chief Inspector How’s your sergeant?” Shaw’s familiar tone cold as ice.
“Why don’t you pay us a visit and you can see for yourself,” she replied looking out of the office at Dukes sitting alone at a desk. Unsettled by what she saw.
“You need to watch yourself Chief Inspector. You’ve been proving a little too much of an irritation. You should stop while you’re ahead. Radu’s brother can’t give you anything worthwhile and neither can Hawkins.”
“Where is Rodney Hawkins?”
“Safe. But you should be more concerned about yourself if you continue digging for answers. You’ve had two warnings do I really need to give you a third before you’ll be convinced?”
“I don’t like this game you’re playing witch!”
“It seems I do. You like it even less by the end of the day. Watch yourself Chief Inspector,” Shaw ended the call abruptly.
“Well Shaw’s still close by and has taken to threatening me. She told me to watch myself.”
Howard was seated when he chuckled, “Has anything spooky happened that I should know about?”
“Her threat against Dawson that his youngest daughter would suffer a severe asthma attack. She has. Dukes almost stepped out in front of a truck when she thought she saw her dead mother across the road. Apart from those nothing.”
He lost the smile replacing it with a frown. “You think Shaw’s responsible?”
“No. I know Shaw’s responsible. Playing tricks with someone’s mind is standard practice for her.”
“Are you saying that she somehow conjured up an image of Dukes dead mother?” His reluctance to accept the unimaginable was diluting faster than he was willing to admit.
“Welcome to my world Inspector.”
“Okay. Say I go along with you are we all susceptible to this kind of mind attack?”
“Yes and no. Some are more susceptible than others. Also, Shaw needs to meet you and if she can she’ll attempt to make physical contact to help increase the link she makes with you.”
“What helps against mind control?” He asked flatly struggling with himself against whether or not to ask.
“A crucifix.” Rising from the seat she looked for Dukes who had been sitting alone in the outer office her seat now vacant. It was impossible to gauge how each individual reacted to strange events with dead relations. In her experience they were temporarily unsettled and vulnerable. Maddox was sipping a coffee with Hughes when she joined them. “Where’s Toni?”
“In the ladies,” she replied. “Is everything alright?”
“Probably. I’ll just go check on her.” Dukes was alone bent over a basin splashing her face with water as she entered the ladies. “How’re you doing Toni?”
“Fine,” she replied pulling the basin plug free before stepping over to roller towel to dry her face.
Buick glimpsed a mirror on the wall as she strolled by abruptly stopping. Her image with hands folded across her chest wearing a small smile stared back at her. Winking as if looking through a glass window. An involuntary shiver ran up her spine.
Dukes saw the change immediately. “Are you alright Boss. You’ve gone a shade of white?”
The image disappeared replaced by her own. “Did you notice anything strange?”
“You mean apart from your pasty complexion. No. Why?”
“Shaw is playing mind games with us. Demonstrating we’re vulnerable to her influence.”
“What did you see?”
“Me. Smiling at myself.” She said with a shudder.
“That’s pretty creepy. No offence intended.” Dukes appeared calm and completely over the earlier incident.
“She took me off guard.” She shuddered again and Dukes leaned a comforting hand on her shoulder. “I should have been prepared for something like that.”
“What does she want?”
“Us to stop investigating the murders.”
“That wouldn’t stop the NCA,” Dukes was right, but Shaw was clearly more concerned over the supernatural angle than any other. Only IMP could provide the kind of expertise required to recognize where the witches were directly involved.
“They don’t want us specifically.”
“I never appreciated that we scared the underworld. Good to know.”
“There’s no other unit like us in or around London and our success rate speaks for itself. They’ve a right to be worried. Let’s get back to the others.”
On their returned they discovered Commander Bailey alone waiting in the DI’s office. Howard stood with his people and gestured for her to go in alone. Closing the door behind her she used a seat in front of the desk where Bailey had taken up temporary residence.
“Sorry to hear about Dawson little girl. Thought I believe she’ll be fine in a few days.”
“Yes, she replied. “Surprised to see you here Jim, couldn’t we speak over the phone.”
“You know how much I wanted to keep a handle on this investigation Betty,” he held up a hand to stop her saying they were only searching for Hawkins. “We both know the murders and Hawkins are connected. Like we know you couldn’t resist sharing notes with the NCA as you both progress. I’ve been attempting to stress to you how carefully we need to tread.”
“No, I’ve got that loud and clear. What I don’t have is the reason we need to tread carefully,” she replied agitated by his negativity and no longer willing to hide it.
Further hesitation as he sought the right words only exacerbated her feelings. “We’ve known about Mars Lives for some time. Up until now all we’ve needed to do is monitor them from a distance. However, something changed. We don’t know why but it has.”
“You know who they are,” she said. “While we’ve been chasing shadows, you could have pointed us in their direction from the very beginning. Maybe even prevented further deaths.”
“It’s not that easy Betty. They’re an influential group who have grown more powerful over the past decade. Their membership includes household names associated with every high-powered business in this country and more. Some are almost Royalty. If they believed our investigation was a threat to exposing them we’d both be out of a job.”
“They nearly killed two of us the other night. How bad can losing a job be by comparison?”
“It was a warning that’s why you’re still here.” Leaning forward elbows on the desk expression sympathetic tone grave he continued. “I was asked to monitor the NCA and thought your unit best suited to the job because of its unique remit. What I didn’t expect was that you’d branch off on your own with a separate investigation. By doing so you’ve released some fairly riled responses from them.”
“I want a name,” she said adamant that she would do whatever it took to squeeze one out of him.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he snarled, “This case is going nowhere other than witches or traffickers. That’s why I’m here.”
“You’re here to obstruct justice,” she snapped. “I’m very disappointed in you Jim. I always thought better of you than that.”
Ignoring her rant, he replied solemnly, “I’ve probably messed up explaining this properly because I’m still having to leave gaps. I understand your feelings but they’re wrong. I’m trying to protect you Betty.”
“And others?”
“They’re important. Dangerous too.” He huffed as if emphasizing his concern. “Do we have an understanding?”
It was easier to agree than to continue an argument she would inevitably lose. “We do.”
“I knew you’d see sense. Good girl.”
The contempt she felt towards him at that moment unmatched. He now considered her a ‘good girl’, so disparaging it infuriated her. Though her tone hid her emotions well. “I’ll take care that my team does the right thing from now on.”
He appeared delighted and rose from the seat. “I’ll leave you to it.”
Leaving the office and the door behind him open she remained seated in the chair drained of energy by the effort to suppress her anger. A scuffle in the doorway caught her attention as Maddox and Hughes followed by Howard and Dukes rushed to join her.
“I think we’ve found something Boss,” Maddox said. She remained silent as the Detective Inspector placed a mobile screen in front of her. “We found references to some unpublished works by Burroughs. In them he cites the need for a female teenager with blood group Rh-null. A very rare blood group. Being the only individual from which a soul may be separated from its body artificially.”
Buick energy renewed replaced anger with curiosity. “Why female?”
“Because women are designed to receive new souls when giving birth. It’s like we have a portal to the spirit world not found in men. The moment a woman is pregnant she opens a spiritual door through which it’s possible to separate her own soul.”
“But why?”
Maddox sucked in a deep breath, “His theory was that a soul could travel anywhere to any planet and do so in the blink of an eye.”
“And you think the teenage girls they’re abducting have this blood group.”
Howard interrupted, “None of the dead girls had the blood group, but Jenny Ridley does. I know because I was there when the doctors were discussing it. Apparently, rare blood types are recognized as such when fewer than one in one thousand have them. In the UK there are only nine donors possessing her blood group.”
“The traffickers tortured her and by doing so upset the others who need her alive and well. That must be why they were chasing Radu and his brother. Anton’s a psycho who overstepped the mark.”
“Certainly, seems to explain what’s been happening.” He agreed.
“If you’re right then she’s in more danger than we thought. Radu will want to kill her as payback for his brother’s shooting.” She stood up. “We need to get to the hospital. “Tell the locals to double the guard on her. Make sure they’re armed.”
CHAPTER EIGHT
Anton Radu stepped out of the nurse’s locker room wearing a white medical coat. Experienced at blending in with his surroundings he appeared the embodiment of a medical professional. In his early thirties with trimmed beard behind a face mask he was an easy fit. Spectacles. Stethoscope and ID badge poking out of a top pocket. He strode confidently passed others without attracting attention. Body language important. Look who you want them to think you are and you can be that person. Proof as if needed came when a young couple stopped him to ask directions to the X-Ray department. Something he knew. Having spotted it on the way in. A few seconds pointing in its direction cemented his disguise. In role play he needed to feel like the individual he portrayed. No matter how long a disguise might be needed. His survival depended on it. With a hand gripped around a small inconspicuous Glock G42 nestled snugly in a pocket he kept moving. Ahead of him two armed uniformed police officers. Standing talking. One with his back to him. The other face on. Noting his approach but too occupied by their conversation.
Radu was about to pass them when he snatched out the weapon. Turned swivelling on heels. The officer facing him registered the threat. Eyes widened. Two shots and it was finished. One through the back of the head the other the neck. Both men dropped. Dead before they hit the floor. Radu pushed into the room. Weapon poised. The bed empty. Jenny Ridley gone.
***
Buick and the others found no trace of Radu who had disappeared without a trace. Howard had had Jenny Ridley moved to another floor before leaving for the hospital. Just minutes before the officers were shot. Their murder snatched the headlines from every other news story. Setting the pace for a London manhunt that filled streets with waves of blue uniforms. For the government it was a temporary reprieve from the grievances of a discontent population. More usefully, it allowed the identity of those involved in an ongoing investigation surrounding the kidnap and deaths of homeless teenagers to be published, except for Mars Lives. Being headline news brought a fresh public awareness over the plight of homeless teenagers. Suddenly, everyone wanted to help. At IMP phones began to ring with claims from potential witnesses about suspected teenage kidnaps.
With her team taking calls Buick found herself speaking to Deputy Commissioner Wilson for the second time in 24 hours. Uncertain whether to be concerned or not. Bailey was suspended pending an investigation into his association with traffickers and the NightShadow witches. Something he had been secretly monitored over for the past twelve months.
“As you can imagine Betty, things have become urgent since the hospital shootings.”
“Yes sir,” she replied. “We’re being inundated with calls of possible witnesses to teen kidnappers.”
“I want you and your team investigating. I’m having the calls rerouted to a comms centre. If anything, useful comes up you’ll be included in the loop,” he replied. Capable of moving obstacles within their organization whenever he wanted. Wilson had a reputation as a doer. His interest in IMP might have grown out of Bailey’s corruption but sounded genuine. Her only issue whether he could be trusted. Confidence in her own judgement having lost some ground. Uncomfortable because of it she listened silently as Wilson continued.
“I imagine you have trust issues with anyone wearing a senior uniform,” he said. Pausing only momentarily before adding, “For what it’s worth so would I. As you’re aware Bailey is currently suspended pending an investigation. I don’t imagine you’ll hear from him again but if you do please let me know.”
“I will sir,” she said.
“Hopefully in time you’ll come to realize that we’re both on the same side.”
“Yes sir,” she said again.
“I want you to pay Jenny Ridley another visit. My people tell me she’s beginning to snap out of the trauma and mentioned you by name a couple of times.” He paused again giving her a moment to reply before continuing. “Whoever is running things clearly considers her a liability. It was good thinking by you and the NCA to move her.”
“Howard’s been a great help throughout,” she said. “As is Dawson now that he’s back.”
“Good blokes like that are worth their weight in gold. Now, take your team with you. They’ll all need to be tooled up just in case this killer puts in another appearance. I don’t want to lose any more officers.”
“I think we agree on that score,” she said.
“Are you working on any other angles at the moment?” She hesitated. Just long enough for him to acknowledge. “I’m sure you are. Keep me up-to-speed with any progress as things begin to pan out. Ask for any resources you think you need and they’re yours.”
“Thank you sir,” She cradled the receiver staring at the outer office as the phones abruptly stopped demanding attention. Wilson true to his word had already diverted the calls. Rising from the seat she called to the others, “Okay the phones are on divert. Wilson wants us to keep investigating. We’ve been ordered to call on Jenny Ridley. Apparently, she’s been asking for me. Collect weapons before we leave.”***The night was closing in as Buick entered Jenny Ridley’s hospital room. The teenager appeared no different to the last time she visited. Other than a little more colour in her cheeks. Laid on her back. Eyes closed. Hands and arms outside the blankets clasped over her chest.
“Jenny, can you hear me?” She asked pulling up a chair.
Her eyes opened. Grey green in colour. Pupils focusing. Neutral expression. No sign of recognition. “Did your brother visit?”
No response.
“Have you ever heard of the NightShadow witches?”
Same again. No response.
“How about Mars Lives?”
A flicker. Eyes blinking.
“Do you know any members of Mars Lives?”
A big intake of breath. Head turning to look in her direction. “They want my blood.”
Buick took it easy. Voice soft. Consoling. “I want to find them. How can I do that?”
Her head shook. Gaze dropped to the floor. “They want my blood.”
“That’s why I want to find them, but I need your help to do that. Do you understand?”
Voice soft. Barely audible. “Marcus knows.”
“Your brother?”
Her eyes blinked a non-verbal yes. “He’s with them. He only visited me once. To warn me not to say anything. I can’t go back to him. I can’t!”
She frowned uncertainly, “What do you mean with them. With whom?”
“Traffickers. He sold me to the others.”
It didn’t make sense. “But he’s the one who reported you missing. He’s been coming to the station regularly trying to help find you.”
Tears rolled down her cheeks, “He sold me. He knew my blood group and found out I was perfect for the witches. Shaw bought me off him. He’s her contact to the traffickers. He sells teenagers to them all the time. He lives on the site because it suits his business, but he has a house in Newham. Fifty-seven Kensington Avenue. No one knows about it but me.”
“Okay. Thanks for your help. He won’t be bothering you again. Go back to sleep. You need to rest. 
***
The team took news about Marcus Ridley’s involvement with as much surprise as Buick. Their distaste towards him evident in their expressions.
“That’s cold,” Hughes said. “Selling your own sister knowing she might die. Does that mean Marcus is now on our hit list?”
The others remained silent while sharing his feelings.
“It does and we have an address for him other than the camp. I’ve already got a warrant. Howard is at the camp so we’re certain he’s not there.”
“Do you mind if I tag along?” Dawson asked from behind his desk.
“Pleased to have you with us.
***
At the same time, they set off to find Marcus Ridley Anton Radu was installing himself as a cleaner at the hospital. Dressed in green overalls with his newly clean-shaven face masked he moved slowly along the second-floor corridor pushing a cleaning trolley. The room in which Jenny Ridley lay recovering just ahead. Outside two uniformed police officers carrying semi-automatics his only obstacle.
Stopping the trolley in the corridor no more than twenty feet from the officers he tapped at a door opposite and stepped inside with a mop and bucket. As the door closed behind him a doctor, nurse and female patient stretched out on a bed turned to look at him. The doctor appeared irritated by his interruption and was about to say something before he replaced the mop for a silenced handgun and shot them. The dull suppressed thud of its operation concealing the slaughter. The patient died without moving the nurse was thrown across the patient and the doctor’s legs buckled beneath him as he dropped to the floor. None uttered a sound.
Radu moved swiftly. Pulling a detonator free from a pocket before thumbing it with his finger. The explosion outside the room was small but effective. The blast taking the two officers off their feet throwing them down the corridor unconscious. Rushing out past the debris that had been the trolley he slammed into the room with Jenny Ridley. Raising the weapon, he grinned as she pushed up on elbows eyes terrified.
The moment passed and he glimpsed movement from the corner of his eye. Swinging right he pointed the weapon at a wall mirror facing him. Instead of his reflection an image of Kyla Shaw stared back at him her face painted in ancient script lips. He faltered. The mirror spewed a black gas that raced above him before striking down curling round his throat. Tightening quickly before it yanked him off the floor lifting him towards the ceiling. Choking and spluttering feet and legs flaying he hung by the neck high above the bed. With eyes bulging, he took aim at the mirror and unleashed a torrent of hot lead. The wall mirror shattered into a million pieces before the weapon dropped from his hand and the cloak of death took him. With his last breath gone the black gas dissipated dropping him to the floor.
Frozen Ridley could only stare at the body. No one would believe her she didn’t even know if she believed it herself. But she was alive, and her torturer was dead. Shock swept her into unconsciousness where she was safe.
CHAPTER NINE
They arrived in Kensington Avenue Newham within an hour and parked a few doors away from Ridley’s address. Dawson and Dukes used a neighbour to go round the back while Buick led the others to the front door.
Ridley opened the front door before realizing the identity of his callers. By then it was too late to do anything other than invite them in. The downstairs had been converted with all the usual dividing walls removed leaving a huge space for a kitchen diner and lounge. He led them to an island table at the kitchen and offered tea or coffee.
“This isn’t a social call Marcus. Jenny told us that you sold her to the NightShadow witches. How much did you get for your sister?” The contempt in Buick’s voice unmistakable.
“I guessed she slipped in some exaggerations about me otherwise you wouldn’t know about this address. I’m no trafficker. She sold herself when she heard how much they were offering. That had nothing to do with me apart from linking her up with them.”
“Why are you living at a homeless camps when you’ve obviously got a home of your own. You have two places one at Albert Road the other at Wanstead Flats?”
“The camps are where I do business.”
“You mean scouting for traffickers?” Maddox said.
“There’s lots more going on than trafficking. Being a part of the homeless helps me move around them more easily. I do better than bad and help them survive.”
“What about the three dead teenagers. That’s as bad as it gets,” she continued.
Appearing innocent while being irritated is not an easy thing to do. Maddox was getting under his skin. Pretty, petite and smart challenged his ego in ways only he knew. “I don’t know anything about them. I didn’t expect them to go with Jenny. That wasn’t the plan. She was meant to go alone to have her blood tested to make sure she was the right type. I really don’t know how the other three got involved.”
“Trouble is they did,” Maddox persisted. “Which makes things look bad for you.”
He scowled hard with a look designed to dissuade her from further comment. “And what about the Polish family why’d they really take umbrage with you. It had nothing to do with Jenny. It was all about you.” She said searching for a nerve.
“Why don’t you give it a rest short arse. You’re one of those women who plays on peoples sympathy by using sex and at a stretch prettiness. Well, don’t expect any sympathy from me.”
“And there it is,” Maddox said. “The real cretin behind that friendly mask.”
His punch would have lifted her off her feet had it not been telegraphed giving her time to duck before coming back with a sharp kick to the shin that made him fold double. Following through with a tight fist to the ear dropped him to the floor. “I don’t need your sympathy shithead!”
Dropping a knee onto his back she pulled his arms behind him and cuffed his wrists while cautioning him. As Ridley climbed back on his feet Buick smiled, “You needed to get that out of your system. Feeling better?”
She nodded.
“There’s something going on out the back,” Hughes warned them turning away towards a garden door.
Dawson and Dukes had Rodney Hawkins cornered. “You’ve been lying and using me to pass info to Shaw. You’re the reason we never had anything on her. People died because of you,” Dawson sounded emotional. “My kid got ill because of that witch.”
Hawkins the bigger man looked unimpressed by the other and when he spoke it confirmed only bitterness in his heart. “No point crying at me because you didn’t have the sense to spot a bad ‘un in the middle of your team. You like to be liked too much Eric. You think if all the boys think you’re a great guy they’ll work their socks off, but they just play you.”
“You’ve had this coming a long time Rod,” the DI threw a punch Hawkins easily blocked before swinging back connecting fist to chest. Staggering backwards Dawson fell against the house catching his breath as Hawkins stepped forward. Behind them Hughes moved to break them up, but Dukes stopped him, “Dawson’s dealing with a staffing issue.”
“From where I’m standing he’s about to have his views thrown back in his face.”
“Give him a moment,” she replied.
Hawkins was already squaring up for a knockout when Dawson did the unexpected. A head butt that caught his opponent’s chin jarring his jaw backwards to reveal his adam’s apple. A swift right caught the larynx choking off air. Clutching his throat Hawkins dropped to his knees gagging and gasping as his arms were dragged behind him and cuffed. “I can’t breathe.”
“Sure, you can. I only nicked you. I want you to live to spend the rest of your life in prison.”
Buick joined them, “I’ve called for a van to collect them. We need to search the house top to bottom. There might be something to help us find Shaw or any of the others involved.” She paused momentarily, “There’s also been a development at the hospital. Radu’s dead.”
“What happened. It’s confusing but he detonated a small bomb and got into Jenny’s room. She’s shaken but alive and uninjured. The pathologist claims the marks around his throat together with a broken neck indicate he was hung.”
“How’s that possible?” Hughes said out loud. “Do you think Shaw had something to do with it?” Dukes asked.
“If she did she’s more dangerous than any of us imagined,” Buick replied.
“Was anyone else hurt?”
“Three dead. A doctor, nurse, and patient plus two officers injured. The death toll keeps rising.” She turned to the house and stepped inside. 
***
The house was a sterile environment with nothing relating to Ridley’s business and very little of a personal nature other than household bills. After finishing up they returned to Woolwich following Dawson into his office. Buick used a seat opposite, “I’ve been thinking about what we’ve learned. Mars Lives intends removing Jenny Ridley’s soul presumably to send to Mars.”
He nodded, “That seems to be their plan.”
“How are they intending to capture her soul and what do they need to store it? Those are the things we should be focusing on because I suspect we’re talking about equipment and medical staff.”
“But won’t they be using hocus pocus?” Howard asked from the doorway. “After what I’ve seen at the hospital I’m beginning to believe anything’s possible.” He joined them dropping into a seat alongside Buick. “How does a man get himself hanged without a cord or rope or anything obvious around his neck?”
“I take it you’re going with witchcraft,” Dawson added.
“We’re trying to figure out where they’re based and able to perform whatever ritual or operation required to remove a soul.”
“Christ,” Howard muttered the word and felt strangely annoyed at himself for having done so. “What about a private hospital, they’ll have medical staff ready and waiting?”
“The witches need consecrated ground. A church or chapel but larger than the ones usually found at a hospital and strictly private.”
“So, an abandoned church or chapel.”
“And one with a graveyard. Witches enhance their powers by using the souls of the dead.”
“I can’t believe we’re really discussing this,” Howard told them.
Dawson laid out a map of the area between the camp sites. Somewhere in this area then,” he said drawing a red circle. “It’s pretty big.”
“I’ll ask Toni to check online for abandoned churches and chapels.”
“I have one piece of good news. Jenny mentioned the name of someone she thought important being discussed by the Radu brothers while they were holding her. It’s Privileged.”
“The name found on one of the bodies,” Buick said. “Unusual. There can’t be many man using that name.”
“It’s a woman,” Howard corrected. “Also, do you recall the NHS lost patient records recently?”
“Sure,” she replied.
“Apparently, Jenny overheard Shaw telling Radu they’d been stealing patient records for years as far back as O Seven and Eleven using the records to locate people with her blood type. It’s so rare they’re willing to do anything to find a donor. Which suggests long-term planning.”
Dawson shook his head, “I don’t begin to understand their reasoning. How can any intelligent person believe they could release a soul and sent it to Mars! What the hell for NASA has already proved there’s nothing walking around?”
“Burroughs books points to them living below ground,” Buick said. “The point is we’ve some wealthy people who believe his books are based on fact and willing to sacrifice teenagers to make it happen. At least we should by now have proved that Jenny can’t be reached. Not physically anyway.”
“That’s what troubles me,” Howard said. “Without her they’ll be looking for a replacement. The next teen with the right blood group might be included among the stolen records and if she is they’ll find her.”
“Then we better get there ahead of them,” Buick turned back to her mobile and began a search.
“What are you doing?” Dawson asked.
“Witches use planetary alignments to pick appropriate moments in time. There must be one associated with soul detachment or some such thing that they’re aware of and I’m betting we’re close to it right now. That’s why they need Jenny. If I can find it we might at least have an idea how long we’ve got before they carry out a ceremony or whatever it is they do on their victim.”
“I’ll get my people to check the NHS record base for possible victims. I take it they need to be a teenager?” He asked pausing at the door.
“Definitely,” she said without lifting her eyes off the screen.
“I’ll make sure every possible abandoned church or chapel within the area is identified,” Dawson stepped into the outer office leaving her alone. Her knowledge of astrology never felt as deep as it needed to be, but she discovered enough to figure that between 2021 and 2024 alignments were considered as darkly ominous by the professionals with late December 2021 revealing Earth’s alignment with an often-mentioned hidden other Earth-like planet behind the Sun. The 24th was marked out as the possible date without any indication of time.
“We just found a potential victim,” Howard returned at a rush excited that the NHS database offered an answer so quickly. “Helen Thornaby. She could be the next teen. She’s known to police for petty theft and minor drugs offences. Sixteen years old a serial absconder from home since age twelve. Found four times at Wanstead Flats camp site three at Albert Road. Currently believed to be living at the family home. All we can do is hope.”
“Is there a recent picture we can circulate if necessary?”
“One taken in Twenty-Twenty the last time she was in custody,” he handed her the photograph. Blonde, pretty with freckles. “Nice looking kid. Anything adverse about the parents?”
“Nothing recorded. Looks like she got in with the wrong crowd and hasn’t been able to shake them off. Her father was twice hospitalized because of attacks associated with the crew she hangs around with.”
“Looks like butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth, but seems the opposite might be true. How far is her home?”
“Fifty-four Kensington Avenue Newham.”
Buick sat to attention, “Opposite where we found Marcus Ridley. He’s been watching her all this time. She must’ve been their contingency.”
“There’s already a car on the way to pick her up,” he told her.
“She won’t be there. They’ve already taken her,” she rose from the seat unable to suppress her agitation. “All this time they had a fall-back. Damn it!”
“We don’t know that. She could be at the house,” he said attempting to console her.
“We need to find where they intend carrying out this ritual. It’s the only way we’re going to save her life.”
Howard’s mobile interrupted them, “Yes,” pause. “Are both parents there?” Pause. “Is she expected back?” Pause. “Do they know where she might be?” Pause. “Fine get back to the station.” He pocketed the mobile while giving her a knowing look. “You were right she isn’t home.”
“She won’t realize she’s in danger until she’s at the ritual.”
“When is the alignment likely to happen?”
“At a guess, the most likely alignment of significance to them happens on the twenty fourth of this month. I couldn’t find a specific time. Two days from now.”
“Kyla Shaw just returned to the camp site,” Hughes butted in. “Do you want the observation team to pick her up?”
“No. We’ll go down get Bran and Toni.”
“You want back-up?” Howard asked.
“No it’s better we deal with this alone,” she said collecting her satchel and slipping it over a shoulder.
“Aren’t you frightened of being hung?” He asked half bemused and serious at the same time.
“Not today,” she said and strode out.
As they reached the car she lifted three wooden objects from her satchel handing the others one each. They stared at what she’d handed them lost over how to use it. “What you’re looking at can ward off most of what Shaw can throw at us. The wooden centre piece was grown on Mount Horeb you’re probably more familiar with the name Mount Sinai. It’s where Moses received the Ten Commandments from God. The crucifix at either end are solid gold and silver. Gold for fire and Silver for truth. Keep your left hand gripped around the wood at all times while in her presence. Don’t release it until we’re done with her and back in the car.”
No one commented.
“Okay, let’s go talk to the witch.
***
By the time they reached the camp the sky appeared darker than usual with the late evening sky the deepest shade of grey black combination Buick had ever seen. Below them the campfires appeared defiant but futile at attempting to throw off the dark blanket. At least it wasn’t snowing as they strode up to the makeshift home with the familiar heavies stood outside. Buick brushed their half-hearted attempt to stop them aside and entered the canvased quarters not stopping until she reached the caravan within. Leaving Dukes and Hughes outside Maddox followed her into the tight billet.
Shaw was alone unless you counted the stuffed cat. A face covered in ancient script while her focus scanned a Tarot reading spread out on the small table in front of her. “I’ve been expecting you.”
“Good, saves me the trouble of asking questions,” Buick snapped in no mood for pleasantries. “Just give me answers and we’ll be on our way.”
“You’ve arrested Marcus Ridley and the detective. They have all the answers you need.” “News travels fast between camps,” she said sitting down opposite the other woman. “But they don’t know the identity of the people running Mars Lives, whereas you do.”
“I don’t know their names,” she said lifting her gaze from the cards. The thick dark make-up highlighting the whites of her eyes.
What those eyes had seen and done Buick thought. “Radu’s dead. Hanged as he tried to murder Jenny Ridley. But you already knew that.”
“He was an evil man. His brother is as bad. You need to keep him well guarded he will do everything he can to escape once he’s well enough.”
“Who is the woman calling herself Privileged?”
A brief expression of surprise quickly disappeared into something neutral. “Odd name.”
“I’m not here to play games Kyla. You know who she is and you’re going to tell me.”
“Careful Chief Inspector that sounds like a threat and no one comes into my home to threaten me and leaves the same as they arrived.”
“Guess I’ll prove the exception,” she said leaning forward showing her left hand gripped round the double crucifix.”
Shaw threw herself back on the seat as if attempting to escape. Goggle eyed at the sight of it. “Where did you get that!”
“Is it true that it burns the skin off those who have turned to evil? I’ve never had an opportunity to test it until now.” She raised her hand in front of Shaw’s face and the ancient script dissolved into a rivers of black ink that ran down her cheeks. “I think you have genuine reason to be scared Kyla.”
“Take it away!” She screamed.
“Fine, talk to me about Privileged. Who is she? Why can she take teenage girls from here whenever she feels like it?” She withdrew her left hand leaving it resting on the table between them.
“You’re on thin ice Chief Inspector. You were instructed to stop your investigation. It seems that you’re disobeying a direct order. That doesn’t look good for you or any of the officers with you.”
“You knew that too,” She didn’t know whether to be surprised or not. Disappointed undoubtedly. “Except the person who ordered me to stop has been suspended. I’ve someone new pulling my strings and they want me to continue.”
“Then it’s true,” she said almost to herself as her hand reached to pet the dead cat. Gently stroking its fur while absorbed in thought suddenly detached from their conversation.
Buick allowed her a moment, “What won’t look good is your cat after I rip its head off if you don’t start talking!”
“You’re a violent woman Chief Inspector. You’re angry most of the time aren’t you. Always disappointed by others around you that fail to match your own values, like the man who used to give you orders. But be warned touch my cat and you touch me. Do that and I’ll kill you.”
“Really,” she snatched the dead animal by its head and smashed it into the table. Snapping its neck. Its body bounced and dropped to the floor with a thud.
“You bitch!” Shaw jumped up eyes red with rage hands reaching out fingernails as long as talons wanting to rip Buick’s face. The double crucifix barely touched a hand before it burst into flame. Shaw screamed pulling away covering her hand with a scarf dousing the flame. “Damn you!”
“Next I’m going to smash its head into the table and crush it to dust.”
“I’ll curse you for life,” Shaw snarled and began uttering an unfamiliar dialect raising her head skywards. Beseeching evil to do her bidding.
Buick punched her face with the cat. Hit her so hard it sent her backwards over the bench with a crash. “When you’re finished playing games, I’ll stop.”
“You can’t do this to me,” she said struggling to climb off the floor.
“Do we really need to do this again?” The Chief Inspector moved to stand over her as Maddox came behind uncertain who to restrain. Raising the cat’s head high her intention to smash it on the table clear.
“No!” Shaw clasped hands together as if in prayer. “Please. No more. Please put MeeMee down.”
“Talk!”
“There’s a war coming.” She said wiping blood from a growing fat lip. “We wanted to be here when opportunities present themselves. Wars offer the clever ones distinct advantages.”
“You think the UK is going to have a civil war?” Maddox asked.
“Inequality is running high. Public discontent is ripe for it.”
“Vultures. Circling to pick at the bones of the English.”
“Nothing the English have never refrained from doing themselves.”
“I don’t get it what has Mars Lives got to do with any of this?” Maddox said.
“They need the distraction,” she said falling back onto the seat.
“Why?”
“To cover up their experiments.”
“They intend to harvest teenagers and with a civil war no one will see what they’re doing,” Buick said the idea abhorrent but suddenly obvious. “But only one blood type works for them why would they try using blood that’s inconsistent with their needs?”
“They believe that once they’ve been successful with the rare blood group they’ll be able to artificially replicate it using all blood types.”
“Why the hell do they want to go to Mars?” Maddox remained confused yet desperate to understand why anyone might believe what they were attempting even remotely feasible.”
“This world is in trouble. With countries such as the UK and US on the verge of civil war we’re on the brink of a nuclear holocaust and they’d rather survive on Mars than on a toxic Earth.”
“And just how did you become involved with Mars Lives?” “I told you I don’t know that name. We were approached by an anonymous group after we moved into London. They’d heard of us. We were flattered. We came to an arrangement that was mutually beneficial. Everything was going well until Jenny Ridley escaped.”
“Why do they need teenage girls?” She knew the answer but wanted to hear Shaw’s version.
Her head shook, “It’s something to do with impregnated wombs interacting with a recently discovered crystal that originates from Mars. By connecting through the womb to a life essence they’re able to open a portal that an astral projection can travel. When it arrives, it will seek out the Martian inhabitants described in Burroughs books and negotiate with them to live in peace in exchange for our technology.”
“Essence, what’s that?” Maddox asked.
“Life force. Spirit. Soul. Call it whatever you will.” Shaw told her.
“Does this harm the impregnated female?”
“Not those with the correct blood type.”
“And the others?”
Shaw sucked in a deep breath guessing the Inspector’s reaction, “None have survived so far.”
“And just how many have they experimented on?” Buick wanted to know.
“At least a thousand per decade since the nineteen eighties,” she sounded indifferent to the numbers.
“You’re saying they’ve murdered more than four thousand teenagers since the eighties?” Maddox asked suspicious Shaw was exaggerating.
Shaw raised her head to meet the other woman’s gaze, “Thousands of teenagers go missing each year. Hundreds of thousands over a decade. Is it really so hard to believe that a handful are taken by them for experimentation? What you need to understand is that they genuinely believe in what they’re attempting to accomplish.”
“And you’re helping them,” Buick added.
“Our arrangement means we take the girls with the correct blood type after they’re finished with them.” Both detectives appeared puzzled which made her continue. “They believe they’ll only able to open a portal once or twice after that their life force will be too weak. It never recovers. Whatever it does to them will also make their immune system fail. They’re lives will be shortened as a consequence.”
“These poor kids,” Buick said. “Someone has sex with them until they’re pregnant then they’re forced to open a portal before being dumped back into society with a shortened lifespan. Is that about right?”
“You appear to have grasped most of it Chief Inspector.
“Who rapes them?” Buick asked.
“They don’t see it as rape,” she attempted to correct.
“I bet they don’t,” she replied with obvious contempt. No rapist likes to be branded a rapist. No thief branded a thief and so it goes on. That’s why society has laws and records. To make public aware what an individual is and what it is they have done.
“Who rapes them?”
“I’ve no idea.” She replied.
“Guess!” She asked cradling the cat’s head in her hand ready to squeeze. “You’re a real bitch, but you know that don’t you Chief Inspector?” Buick said nothing more while waiting for an answer.
“I imagine the people we hand girls over to have sex with them. I can’t imagine they would want any offspring not to possess their own genes. We’re still negotiating the sale of the babies.”
“Have you no empathy at all?” Maddox asked.
“Empathy!” She sneered like it was a dirty word. “People are commodities same as any other animal. People pay for lambs to get slaughtered for their meat why shouldn’t we get paid for a new-born. So, what now?”
“You still haven’t told me enough about this woman called Privileged?”
“There’s nothing I can tell you that you don’t already know. She’s beautiful well dressed and very rich.”
“Where can we find her?”
“No idea.”
“Where are they intending to carry out the experiment?”
“No idea.”
She didn’t believe a word of it. Someone like Kyla Shaw would have made it a priority to find out the identities of anyone involved in an arrangement with the NightShadow. “You must know more,” Buick began to fiddle with the cat’s head. “Surely you’ve an idea otherwise you wouldn’t have been so trusting about handing back girls when finished. Let’s start with the full name of this woman that you still haven’t provided us.”
She giggled, as if younger than she was. “It’s not as if they come and introduce themselves by name. I wouldn’t be interested anyway. Names only get people killed.”
“Tell me about the Crystal. Is it real?” “Not just one. Three or more. They were discovered among rocks found in the Arctic. Probably hit Earth millions of years ago. It’s not new news. Rocks from other worlds hit Earth over millions of years. Finding them is the real issue.”
“How do they know they’ll work?”
Shaw leaned forward, “I’ve never been allowed to visit. The NightShadow are only allowed limited access to them, but I know of others who have taken a closer look. Sceptics including Jim Bailey.”
It didn’t seem possible Bailey of all people. The most pragmatic man she had ever known a believer in interplanetary travel through crystal power. It took some believing. “Very sci fi. Do they have spacesuits too because Mars can’t sustain human life? If they did physically reach Mars they’d die immediately they stepped on it.”
“Never interested enough to ask but astral projections don’t need oxygen.” She unwrapped her hand from the scarf to examine the burn. “It’ll mend.”
“I hope it still hurts,” she told her.
Shaw thought her funny and laughed. “You know Chief Inspector you and I might have gotten along if we hadn’t been on opposite sides.”
It wasn’t the first time she had heard that from an opponent. Intended as a term of endearment. It always failed to make its mark. “I doubt it. I’ve a thing about women who let other women suffer. Keep stuffed cats and chant spells. Besides cursing for the sake of it isn’t my scene.”
Bailey stepped into the caravan wearing a threatening scowl. Face red. Eyes angry. “You couldn’t leave it alone could you Betty. I warned you not to go after those people. I warned you there’d be consequences if you did. Why couldn’t you for once in your life do what you were told.”
“What are you doing here?” She turned to face him, “You’re suspended, and Shaw just connected you with teenage abductors.
Slipping a hand from a coat pocket he pointed a Glock at her middle. “I like you Betty. But you’ve gone too far and left me no choice. I wish it could have been different.”
“I’m just glad that I discovered the truth.”
“She’s got MeeMee’s head,” Shaw warned. “Tell her to give it back.”
With Maddox between them he turned the weapon towards her, “Sit down Inspector.”
A glance over the shoulder enough to be certain where the seat was. Slowly lowering herself back onto it provided him uninterrupted visibility of Buick. 
“Outside Betty,” he said waving the weapon while stepping back leaving the narrow entrance clear.
“My men have the other two. You follow her Maddox. 
“What are you going to do with us?” Maddox asked. 
“You’ll figure it out,” he snarled.
“You hurt us, and they’ll leave no stone unturned to find you,” she warned.
“C’mon Betty,” he ordered ignoring Maddox.
The satchel slipped off her shoulder into her right hand as she moved while Bailey backed up against a cupboard well clear of the entrance. Stepping down the steps onto the ground with Dukes and Hughes either side hands in the air backs to the caravan. The heavies she had ignored on the way in holding weapons. Following a direct path between them she swung the satchel first left then right hitting both men hard to the side of the head. Dukes and Hughes sprang knocking them down. Behind her Maddox hurled herself to the ground rolling under the caravan before a shot rang out slapping the earth alongside. Dukes snatched the weapon from a stumbling heavy, pivoting swiftly firing as she did so. Bailey filled the entrance taking the hit in the chest. Thrown backwards and down his legs and shoes dangled over the ground. Injured but not out. His torso moved. Head lifted. Weapon raised. Her second shot finished it. His body jerked and shuddered before it was still.
Hughes slammed half a dozen sledgehammer blows into the other heavy’s face before climbing off him in time to see the other running away.
Buick was trying to climb over the body in the entrance in an effort to get into the caravan. When she did she found it was empty. Shaw gone. A trap door in the floor her escape route.
CHAPTER TEN
Buick found herself in an unusual place Deputy Commissioner Wilson’s office. A fairly sterile environment with photographs of previous deputies hanging on the walls together with that of the current Commissioner and Queen. A large real mahogany desk the only luxury in a space devoid of furniture other than two seats facing the desk together with the one he was using. Vertical blinds filled each of the large window spaces that followed in line from one side of the room to the other. Making for a light airy environment.
“The Commissioner and I have been discussing your part in bringing Bailey to book,” he began. “We’re both delighted by your sense of integrity to the oath you took and that of your small team. As a result, I’ve recommended you for promotion and want your team increased in number. A little admin help would no doubt be useful, and a suitable civilian will be appointed at the proper time. However, I understand that you like to hand pick your people and have collected a batch of constables that I’d like you to consider. You can choose two.”
She had had enough surprises over the past twenty-four hours to wish for a break, even though this was incredibly good news. Yet the investigation wasn’t over while Kyla Shaw remained at large. Additionally, no sign of Helen Thornaby the sixteen-year-old had been found either. The thought this was premature and that things could nosedive from now on occurred to her, but kept it to herself. 
“I’m speechless.”
He smiled, “You’ve earned our gratitude. It would be remiss of us to ignore what you’ve done and the risks you took to do it. You’ve occupied the wings too long time to step up to the front.”
“I couldn’t have done it without my team or DI Dawson and Howard.”
“Agreed, and in time they’ll all be rewarded for their loyalty,” he said. “Now how are you doing with the investigation so far?” She explained how they lost Shaw and suspected Thornaby to be the next teen victim. “Sounds like we really need to find Shaw. She’s pivotal in this. Have you any leads as to her whereabouts?”
“None,” she frankly replied.
“Pity,” he said grimly. “What do you have?”
“It’s a bit of a stretch I’m afraid but we suspect the ritual or transfer of the teenager’s soul will happen on consecrated ground somewhere between the two camps. It’s the kind of thing witches need to increase their powers.”
“But I thought you believed this Mars Lives faction simply to be followers of Burroughs books. Surely they’re not into the supernatural hocus pocus?”
“Depends on your view of hocus pocus Sir. I mean they’re intending to drag the soul of a human being out of its body. What the hell do you call that?”
He nodded, “Quite.”
“With the help of the NCA we’ve narrowed the search down to half a dozen possible sites. Most used to be graveyard chapels. I believe there’s only one abandoned church.”
“As I recall Wanstead Flats sits alongside a cemetery.”
“We dropped the idea they’d use it because it’s in regular use,” she said.
“You mean all three chapels?”
Her hesitation suggested she had not been aware three chapels serviced the cemetery. “I knew about the Anglican and Dissenters’ chapels. What is the third?”
“My father used to be a minister when we lived in Manor Park. I know the Old Crematorium was converted to a chapel. How much use it gets these days I have no idea but a long time ago when I was a boy my brother and I used to play there while waiting for him to finish his services. I’d have thought it conveniently located for Shaw and the rest.”
Buick was already on her feet apologising for the abrupt nature of her departure while still moving towards the door. “Thank you Sir. I’ll keep you informed.”
A quick check with Dukes revealed no one had figured in the third chapel. Wilson had been correct. Also, its location so close to where Shaw had based herself on Wanstead Flats presented an opportunity for the witches she could not ignore. Wasting no time, she collected her team and headed out. As they drove she contacted Dawson and Howard. Dawson said he would meet them outside the cemetery while Howard explained that he was at the hospital with Jenny Ridley after a failed suicide attempt. He would join them as soon he could.
The snow had stopped falling the day before. The grey, white clouds gone leaving a clear blue sky with a healthy glow from the Sun raising temperatures above freezing. The roads finally drivable without fear of hitting an ice pool as a thaw began creating rivers of chilled water streaming to drains. It was the type of day that lifted spirits and gave hope. Buick felt positive. Maybe hoping the missed chapel proved ‘good’ was giving them a helping hand.
The carpark a few hundred yards from the third chapel needed them to clamber across a thick belt of melting snow that crunched underfoot as it slowed their progress. In the distance the chapel appeared as old as its hundred years plus suggested. A sign stating Danger Under Renovation confirming its privacy. So far so good she thought spotting Dawson ahead standing facing the double front doors. Expecting him to turn round at their approach Maddox called out but the Detective Inspector didn’t flinch. Transfixed to the spot nose to the double doors.
Buick halted a dozen feet behind him and spoke his name. Nothing. His hands down by his sides palms pressed against his thighs. Head unmoving.
“What’s going on?” Maddox asked.
“He doesn’t have a double crucifix,” Buick answered. “They’re inside. My guess is that they’re performing the ritual.”
“But it’s the middle of the day,” Hughes said. “I thought these things only happen at night?”
“Apparently not,” she gestured for the others to remain back before stepping forwards getting close behind him. “Can you speak?”
“Through my teeth,” he muttered.
“I’m going to release you as I do I want you to run to the farthest tree. You should be out of reach of this energy field by then.”
“Thanks,” the word struggling to escape his gritted teeth.
“This is going to hurt, sorry.” Reaching into her satchel with her right hand her fingers burrowed between objects until they found a small phial of Holy water. Dropping to her haunches she flipped its top off with a thumb and sprinkled both his shoes.
His release was instant as was the searing heat that engulfed both feet. Running not an issue as he scampered passed the others headed to the nearest tree.
As the others joined her Hughes was looking back at Dawson, “Never seen anyone run like that before.”
“Focus,” Buick retorted. “If they are performing the ritual expect the chapel to be packed. We’ve only one chance to get this right. Form a single line behind me Bran and Toni between me and Billy. Raise your left hands out to the side. They have to remain that way until we escape the building by then the crucifix will feel incredibly heavy, but you must keep your arm out and stay in line. If the girl’s inside we need to put her between the Bran and Toni.”
“But how do we get her to join us while we’re holding the crucifix?”
“That’s the hard part. Toni you’re the only one who can lower your left arm, without releasing the crucifix but you mustn’t step out of line. Drag her between you and Bran. Do whatever you have to do to get her.”
“What about guns?”
“None will carry metal on them, and none will be able to touch us while we stay in line with the double crucifix held out.” Their uncertain expressions reflected her own concerns but now was not the time for concern. “Do you believe in me?”
“Of course Boss,” Maddox replied.
“And I believe in the double crucifix. We can do this as long as we believe in its ability to defend us from evil. Your belief in me gives us the strength we need.”
“Then let’s get this done,” Dukes said.
Forming a single line and raising their left hands together the double doors sprang open. “Stay close,” she said leading them into the chapel.
More than twenty black and grey hooded individuals turned in their direction. Three groups of six separated by a few feet directly ahead of them donned black. Behind them. Taller individuals. Fewer in number no more than six. All in grey. No faces visible beneath the shadow of their hoods. As surreal as the sight of a naked teenager lying flat on the high stepped altar while a black hooded individual held a long needle stem over the youngster’s chest. Behind them a tall silver box hummed loudly as it’s single red eye blinked off and on.
The three groups of six stepped forward. Their black hoods and robes revealing nothing as they simultaneously raised their hands in front of them uttering what sounded like a prayer. Immediately an angry defiant wind swirled towards them its initial rush brushing their faces throwing back their hair. Making each step tougher than the previous. The weight of their extended left arms heavier. Each crucifix apparently doing nothing to spare them, yet they still believed in Betty Buick. That she would succeed.
The wind dissipated as abruptly as it had been spawned. The black hooded individuals reeled back arms up to defend themselves as if knowing what was coming. The sound like a locomotive hurling itself towards them made them pause as an invisible force smashed into the black hooded forms. Lifting them backwards off their feet before smashing them against the chapel walls.
Behind her none spoke as she began to move, “Keep with me!”
The black hooded individual cast off her hood. Kyla Shaw stared down at them the long needle poised in her hands ready to be plunged into her victim. “You cannot stop me.”
Her declaration premature as far as Buick was concerned while moving relentlessly towards her. “It’s over Kyla. You can’t escape. Let the girl go. She doesn’t need to die.”
“She won’t die,” Shaw laughed. “I need only draw a small pool of blood on the tip of this spike and place it in the machine behind me. The rest will happen on its own. She will live both here and on Mars.”
They stopped at the foot of the altar steps. Just two steps and Dukes could reach her, but it might as well have been two thousand. As much as they tried the first step refused to allow them. Fending off attempts to step up with an invisible shield.
There are times when an impossible scenario requires belief in oneself as well as in the balance between good and evil. Later when asked Toni Dukes would not be able to explain why she did what she did. Maybe it was feeling frustration at being so close to success and the possibility that it would be snatched from them or perhaps her belief in Buick inspired her to do the unexpected. Throwing herself at the altar without touching the steps worked. Her bumpy landing placed her across the body of the teenager in time to catch the wrist holding the needle.
“No!” Shaw screamed her free hand clawing at Dukes face.
The Detective Sergeant did what came naturally and bit hard. So hard she grabbed at her hand as she fell back dropping the needle. Helen Thornaby appeared dazed but aware of what was happening and helped Dukes get her off the altar. Tripping down to the others and taking up position between Dukes and Maddox.
Turning back towards the entrance they moved quickly. The tall grey clad individuals offering no opposition as they exited the chapel headed towards Dawson and contingent of uniformed police.
“They’re all yours,” Buick told them.
***
When Dawson and the uniforms entered the chapel, they found it as empty as the twenty-four black and grey hooded robes left behind. Two days later a secret passage was discovered that led to an entrance alongside a platform at Manor Park tube station.
Buick and her team enjoyed Christmas morning together before leaving for further festivities with their families. None mentioned what they had witnessed. Processing it needed time. To Buick Kyla Shaw remained a wanted felon at large same as the unknown suspects involved with Mars Lives. At least Helen Thornaby did not end up becoming the next teen.
THE END
About the Author
Born in Africa in the early '50s settled in London in the late '50s. Later moved and settled in Northern Ireland with his wife four children dog, cat, and goat. Now retired from public service and writing because he enjoys it. Interested in various genres including crime, humour, political satire, paranormal, science-fiction and, westerns. Hence his work covers a broad range of topics. Loves animals, classic cars, old movies and fish and chips.
Books by this author
Crime
Betty Buick – The Underground Mystery
Political Satire
They’re having a Laugh – Episode One
(British Prime Minister Rupert Streaker)
They’re Having Another Laugh – Episode Two
(British Prime Minister Rupert Streaker)
They’re on The Move – Episode Three
(British Prime Minister Rupert Streaker)
Science Fiction
Fantastic Tales Book One
