Blame The Goth Girl
Vol. 2
All Give Thanks and Praise To The Cure

By Bettina Busiello

Copyright © 2015 Bettina Busiello

Smashwords Edition



This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite e-book retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Bettina Busiello recognizes the trademarks and copyrights of all publications, music and companies mentioned within this work.

All rights reserved.

Cover Design by Jacob Mathews
Editing by Katherine Tate
Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Acknowledgements
Chapter 1



A few hours earlier…



Another failed attempt. I’d had such high hopes for this one—that she’d finally give me what I needed. For a moment, I almost felt bad—watching her body writhe in agony. How fragile humans are these days. It’s hard to imagine after so many years, they are weaker than they once were.
With the rest of my family awake now, I’d have to act fast.
“You’ve done so well,” I said as she gave her last breath. “I won’t have to throw you in the trash like all the others.”
As I uttered the words, her body gave out completely.



Lisbeth



“You’re a killer,” I said.
The man said nothing as he moved closer, crawling toward me on all fours, and finally hovering mere inches from my face.
I pushed myself away, hitting the headboard behind me.
“Do not be afraid,” he said. His voice was light, soft, and formal… almost as if English were not his first language.
“You’re the guy killing all those girls.” I began screaming.
He quickly put his hand over my mouth. “Stop, please. You do not understand. It was not me.”
My body shook under his grip.
“I can explain everything. I am going to remove my hand… please, do not scream. I promise I will not hurt you.”
Maybe it was the look of desperation in his eyes, maybe it was because he was so damn good looking, but I nodded and obliged his request.
He removed his hand and continued to study me with his pale greenish-hazel eyes. I could see almost a cat-like reflection as they moved.
Ugh, so hot. Damnit, Lisbeth, snap out of it. “If it wasn’t you… then, then who?”
“My brother. One of them… I am still not sure. All I know is that I needed to get to you before he did.”
“I don’t understand. What are you? Those girls were slashed to bits.”
“What are you?” he asked, tilting his head. “You cannot possibly be just human… though I cannot quite figure out what else you are.” He trailed his fingers up my thigh.
“Hey! Watch it.” I jerked away. “I’m human and I have no idea what any of this is about.” I looked around to try and catch any clue about where I might be.
“If you are, it is only part.” He smiled in awe. “You are a very tiny person.” His fingers went from my thigh to my hair as he ran them through.
“You still didn’t answer my question,” I said, trying to smack his hands away.
He sighed and sat back on his feet. “In your language I am called an incubus.” It was as if he were waiting for me to react in some way. “My brothers and I have been looking for mates. Our kind have grown smaller in number, and we are looking to remedy that. As soon as I saw you, I knew.” He leaned in to kiss me.
“Whoa, pal.” I turned my head. “I’m twenty-two and not looking to procreate anytime soon.” Let alone with anything not exactly human.
He ran his hand over my stomach. “That is a pity because you are ready now.”
I smacked his hand away. “Ew.”
His smile was unwavering as he grabbed me by the shoulders and lifted me to meet him in a kneeling position.
“Please,” my voice came out like a whimper, “don’t hurt me.”
“No, no. Do not be frightened.” He kissed me on the cheek. “I would never take you against your will. I am not my brothers.”
It was strange, as if with every passing moment, I wanted him. I felt a dizziness take over as I looked up into his eyes. “Did you—did you drug me?” I asked.
“It is what happens when I am this close to someone. You will find you want me, but you told me ‘no’ with a clear head and I will obey that.”
“It’s not that I wouldn’t consider it… you’re just looking for… kids. I don’t do the kids thing. Plus I don’t know you that well.”
“For you, I would wait.” He rested his lips against mine for a moment. If it was a kiss, it was an odd one.
“Plus,” I said, muffling through his kiss, “you don’t know me that well either.”
“I know more than you think,” he said, finally pulling back. He ran the back of his hand over my cheek. “You are kind, loving, loyal… you like bunnies?”
I snickered. “How do you know that?”
“I have my ways.”
Whatever desperation had been in his eyes, was now replaced by kindness and longing. I reached up, running my fingers through his thick dark hair before tracing the tips over his brow. Never trust a man with better eyebrows than you, Onyx always told me. I could feel his cheekbones through the solid structure that was his face. And finally, I ran them over his lips; those soft, warm and welcoming lips.
There was too much desire building within me to resist kissing this man. A man who I’d only known for just under an hour. I wrapped my arms around him, provoking a passionate kiss, only to break it after feeling something on his back.
“What are you wearing?” I asked as I tried to peer over his shoulder.
“Promise you will not be frightened?”
“Uh… maybe?” I backed away some.
In the next instant, black, leathery wings popped out, causing me to jump back against the headboard again. “Holy shit! Are those wings?” I hesitantly reached forward to touch one. “Oh my God, that’s so cool.”
He glanced over his shoulder then looked back to me, arching that wickedly perfect brow of his. “Do they not scare you?”
“No way… I totally want a pair.”
“If I could give these to you, I would. I am sick of being defined by what I am.” His mood soured.
“Why?”
His wings collapsed. They brushed along the fur and sheets on the bed as he moved closer. “My existence is a lonely one.”
“That’s pretty emo.”
“What is ‘emo’?”
“You know… emotional? ‘Woe is me’… taking the razor down the road…?”
He narrowed his eyes in an apparent confusion.
“Never mind. I finally meet someone hot, and he’s battling depression. You’re two for two this year, Lisbeth,” I said to myself, aloud.
His head tilted again. It was like he was studying a monkey at the zoo.
“You okay?” I asked.
“I hear your words but I do not understand them.”
I needed to keep the conversation moving. If anything, to at least find out where I was so I could try to let Onyx know I was… mostly… okay.
“So aside from my apparently not being human, why me?”
“I have to admit, I was impressed with your performance at a place called Echoes.”
So that’s where I knew him from. Everything that happened before now was starting to come back. He’d approached me in the back booth area and asked me to dance. However, his mention of Echoes was a bit fuzzy, I’d only been there a few times.
“Didn’t we meet in a general area though?”
“It was in one of the rooms with the glass. You seemed to enjoy yourself and have no trouble with….”
“With what?” What the hell was I doing? Which night was he referring to?
“I should tell you… there are many reasons I am alone. One of which is me being able to find a woman who can survive the night with me.”
“Is that why all of those women are dead?” This was starting to sound less sexy and more insane.
“Few can survive. If they do, less are able to bear our children, let alone survive the process in its entirety. When I saw you that night at Echoes—” He smiled; it was almost devilish. “—I knew.” He took my hand and brought it to his lips, then rubbed his cheek along the back of it.
“It sounds like you have a handle on your situation. If your brother is having trouble, why not stop him?”
“It is not as easy as you think. He was not always this aggressive… only recently. He is much older and stronger, and I doubt my other brothers would do anything about it either. I cannot stop him alone. I have followed you for some time… after my brother took notice. I feared he might harm you. When I took you tonight, it was to keep you safe.”
“Thanks, I guess. You know… I might be able to help you,” I said with a cheerful grin.
He chuckled, the tone of it resonated. “You? But you are so tiny.”
“Hey.” I playfully slapped his hand. “And not me. My friend… and her friends. She has this thing, well… I’m sure she’d help.”
He narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean?”
“She has this ability, she can smell things or something… like vampires and werewolves.”
“Shomeret?”
“What?”
“Your friend… she must be a Shomeret.”
“Um, I guess? I don’t know.”
He straightened himself and looked right at me. “Shomeret have zero tolerance for my kind. I do not know that she would allow me to live.”
“If I explained the situation to her, I’m sure she would. Besides, if you really want to be with me, you’ll do this.”
“So you are saying you will have me?”
“Sure. But no kids—not now. Actually, I’ll have to think on that whole situation.”
“Then we cannot now.” He brought his hand over my stomach again.
“Stop that, it’s freaking me out. Anyway, I have this thing… this device—I won’t get pregnant.”
“Is this something new? I am afraid I have not socialized much. I have kept to myself for over two hundred years.”
“Yikes. How old are you, exactly?”
“Old. Incubi sleep for decades, sometimes even centuries at a time. The last time I was awake was about sixty years ago. I could not find a mate then, either. Human women who can survive are hard to find… and supernatural creatures are rare in my world. Only if I detect them visually can I know for sure. With you, I knew almost instantly.” He lifted me up in the air.
I couldn’t help but giggle. “Put me down, silly.”
“You must be fae… at least partly.” He set me back down and closed his eyes. “It is getting harder to resist you. I should leave.”
“Wait,” I said, grabbing his hand. “I need to call my friend. She’s probably freaking out by now.”
“I would rather you did not… at least not yet.”
His response put me at a loss for words. Onyx needed to know what happened and… wait. “What’s your name? It’s so odd for me even to be having this conversation with you, and—”
“Ezra.”
It seemed as if Ezra was worried at the prospect of Onyx’s involvement. Perhaps after a night of rest, I could attempt to ask him again… or just leave altogether.
Chapter 2



Elliot



My cellphone buzzed.
“This is Detective Stevens.”
“There’s another body… about 300 yards from the club.” It was Roger.
“How did you get the call before I did?”
“I’ve been up all night going over the details of the first two cases.”
“Fine. I’ll be right there.”
This wasn’t good. I had a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach over the potential victims; one in particular—Lisbeth. If it was Lisbeth, how could I tell Onyx?
I made it to the crime scene in record time; one of the benefits of being up at such an hour. As I pulled up, I glanced at the clock: 5:45 AM.
Roger was hovered over the body, writing some notes.
“You can do this,” I muttered to myself as I took a deep breath and got out of the car.
“Two in one night,” Roger said as I approached. He pulled back the sheet… it wasn’t Lisbeth. “Interesting look for you,” he said, standing back up and finally looking at me.
“Yeah. Went undercover tonight. As you can see, it didn’t pan out. So, same story as the others?”
“Yup. Vertical slashes through the upper torso and midsection.”
“Any reason why?”
Roger smiled. “I believe that’s your job, detective. But if you asked me, these are very angered attacks. Like one slash with claws of some sort, then the victim is left to just bleed out and die. They aren’t alive for very long after the attack, but the time they are—it’s quite awful.” He walked over and put his hand on my shoulder. “I have faith you’ll get this bastard.”
I nodded at him and evaluated the look in his eyes. There was definitely a lingering attraction towards me on his part.
“I’ll have more for you after tomorrow—today.” He glanced at his watch. “Goodnight, detective,” he said in a flirtatious manner.
I couldn’t help but smile. “Goodnight, Roger.”
Nicki needed to be informed of this recent attack, though waking her for it now seemed moot. The activities of the evening had drained me mentally and physically, and I needed sleep.
But sleep was short lived. It seemed like I’d only just lay my head on the pillow when my phone started buzzing. I squinted at the readout; not even noon. In a groggy voice, I answered. “Detective Stevens.”
“There’s a hit on Lisbeth Kinder’s phone.” It was our in-house tech, Mack.
“Alright. Send me the profile and I’ll track it.”
There was no time to make coffee, which meant I’d have to get some on the way. Another thought occurred to me; I’d have to call Onyx at some point and let her know what was going on. Of course it wasn’t a part of the job description, but she’d asked me to keep her in the loop. Plus, I couldn’t help but want to impress her.



Lisbeth



“What are you doing?” Ezra asked, snatching the phone from my hand.
“Calling my friend. I don’t know what I was thinking earlier. I needed to tell her where I was as soon as I knew.”
“You cannot tell anyone where you are or who you are with. Outside of my brothers, you are the only one I have ever brought here.”
“I still don’t even know where we are exactly.” I got up and walked toward the window. It looked as if we were on the top floor of an apartment building. The area near the street looked older and some of the buildings surrounding this one were abandoned and dilapidated. “Are we near the older part of downtown?” I could see some taller buildings in the distance.
“Yes. My brother bought this building over eighty years ago. From what I understand, it was a hotel in the 1920s, though I was asleep then.”
“So where do you sleep when you’ve had enough of your depressing existence?” I walked back over to the bed and sat down.
“When I sleep for extended amounts of time, it is in a sarcophagus.”
“Is that like a coffin or something?”
“Something like that. I can show you.” He walked over and took my hand, leading me to the hallway. “You might enjoy seeing it. It is very old.”
He led me to an adjacent room filled with crates and old trunks. In the back of the room lay a long, ornate box. “Wow. This looks… Egyptian?”
“Yes. It was made… a while ago.”
“What the hell?” In a way, I thought it was cool Rome had mentioned living for over 500 years… but this was mind boggling. “So you had it made… what—thousands of years ago or something? Wait. How old are you, exactly?”
“Older than that. Time gets skewed when I sleep, and much of my memory fades. I end up reading about what happens during my sleep through books and journals kept by my brothers and myself. There is always at least one of us awake at all times. These days, you have something called the Internet. It allows me to read and relearn even more than I used to.”
“So the earth is like… four billion years old. Are you as old as that?” I asked with a smirk.
“No.” He smiled.
“Do you remember things like dinosaurs roaming around?” I couldn’t help but feel giddy.
“No. Although I do have one memory I carry with me. I was smaller and surrounded by a dozen or so others like me… in a cave. It is just a flash, like stills from a film.”
“Huh… so caveman.” I giggled.
“You are an adorable creature.” He picked me up with his massive arms and held me close to his chest. I could feel the warmth of his skin against mine and the soft beating of his heart. “I know you need to call your friends… though I prefer you do not bring them here.”
“Where then?”
“I am not sure.” He set me down again.
I thought a moment. “I think I might know of a neutral place we can go. You can go out in the day, right?”
“Of course. Why would I not be able to?”
“Um… no reason. Can you at least hide those?” I reached around him and poked his wing.
“If need be.”
“Okay then.” I took my phone back. “Let me call my friend. You should get dressed… preferably in something that won’t draw attention. You’re a rather tall guy so it may be a challenge overall.”
“Whatever you wish.” He smiled and ran the back of his hand over my cheek again.
Thankfully, Onyx had given me a set of keys for the Mystery Box the week before. Once there, I’d call her and pray she wouldn’t tear me a new one for not calling her sooner.
Chapter 3



Onyx



The hours ticked by as I lay in bed, staring at the ceiling. “Lisbeth, where are you?”
My phone buzzed, causing me to jump up.
“Lisbeth?!”
“It’s Elliot. We got a hit on Lisbeth’s phone—I’m tracking her now.”
“Can you come and get me?”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea—”
“You have to. Please… I need to know my friend is alright.”
“Then I should tell you… we found another body this morning. It wasn’t her but another poor girl.”
“Has anyone identified her?”
“Not yet. I’ll be at your place in a few minutes.”
I quickly hung up and threw on a pair of jeans and one of my graphic shirts before running downstairs. Elliot was just pulling up on the street in front of my house.
“How are you feeling?” Elliot asked as I slid in the passenger seat.
“I didn’t sleep much.”
“Neither did I.” We shared a moment, looking into each other’s eyes before taking off.
“So where is she?” I asked.
“Not sure. The last location pinged her downtown, but it’s moved.” Elliot looked at the tablet on his console.
“You should really pay attention to the road and let me do that.”
He gave me a side glance then unsnapped the tablet, handing it over to me.
“Huh.”
“What?” he asked.
“She’s near the Mystery Box.”
He jerked the wheel and made an immediate right. The tablet nearly flew out of my hands and the inertia flung me against his shoulder.
I looked up at him.
“Sorry,” he said, those steel grey eyes peering down at me.
I quickly sat up and stared straight ahead. My phone buzzed again.
“Hello?” I asked.
“Onyx?”
“Lisbeth?! Oh, my God. Where are you—are you alright?”
“I’m fine. I’m at the Mystery Box,” she said with a squeak to her voice, as if the past twelve hours hadn’t happened.
“I know. We’re headed there now.”
“Who’s ‘we?’ The sun is coming up.”
“Elliot and I. Rome is home, obviously. You had us freaked out. What was that thing?”
“I’ll tell you everything when you get here. Trust me, Onyx. It’s all good.” She hung up.
“Is she alright?” Elliot asked.
“I guess. I’m so confused right now. Something took her—we all saw it.”
“Well I have an extra clip, just in case.”
“If it’s anything supernatural, a gun won’t do a damned thing. I just hope she was let go unharmed.”
We finally pulled up to the store and I saw Lisbeth standing in front, looking somewhat disheveled. I jumped out of the car and ran up to her, examining her for injuries. “Are you okay?” I gave her a hug. “You had me so worried.”
She giggled. “I’m fine. But you have to promise you won’t freak out.”
“Why?”
“I want you to meet someone.”
“Someone? Lisbeth, oh my God, you have like Stockholm syndrome or something.”
“No, silly. Nothing like that. Just trust me.”
Elliot walked over and looked at Lisbeth. “What happened?”
“You should stay out here.” Lisbeth looked at me and whispered. “Rules, remember?”
Immediately, I knew whatever she was about to show me wasn’t human.
“I’m not staying out here,” Elliot said.
“Elliot, whatever happens, don’t freak out unless I do, okay?”
“I can’t promise that, Onyx.”
“Alright, fine. If anything happens….”
“I know.”
Lisbeth took my hand and we all made our way inside the shop. Within seconds, I caught the scent of sulfur… though this time it was certainly diminished. Perhaps she was right about everything being copacetic. But really, what did I know? I only had one experience prior to this one.
Elliot stayed close and waited with his hand on his holster.
“Onyx” —Lisbeth walked over to a rather tall man wearing a long duster— “this is Ezra. Ezra, this is my best friend, Onyx.”
“You’re an incubus,” I said without missing a beat.
“Lisbeth was right—you are a Shomeret.” He broke from Lisbeth’s side and stepped forward.
Elliot quickly became alert.
“Elliot,” —I turned back to look at him— “it’s okay. He’s not going to hurt us.” I faced Ezra. “In fact, I doubt he’s hurt anyone recently.”
“How do you know?” Elliot asked.
“Trust me—I know.” I tilted my head, narrowing my eyes. “Shomeret? And why did you kidnap my friend? Who’s been killing girls at the club?” My questions came off more like demands.
“Shomeret is what we call you. It is Hebrew for—”
“Let me guess… guardian?”
He nodded with a surprised look on this face. “Something like that. Lisbeth explained that you want to help. I am afraid one of my brothers has grown violent and desperate. Our kind have been… well, dying off. He has resorted to extreme measures to prevent that from happening. His recklessness has put us in danger as well as the women in this city.”
“I’ll say. I don’t know what you know about me, but I can’t just take on a demon. I can only… point them out… I think.”
“You think?” Ezra furrowed his brow at me.
For a moment, I was quite enthralled with his presence. Good for you, Lisbeth. He’d even give Rome a run for his money in the looks department. A dizziness began to take hold. “Um, what was I saying?”
He backed up. “I apologize. I should not stand so close to you.”
I shook my head a bit. “What? Why not?”
“He has this thing… this aura. It makes women all… you know.” Lisbeth waggled her brows at me.
“I think I do. Wait a sec, pal. Are you trying to pull one over on my friend?”
“Nothing of the sort. Your friend has been sent to me from the heavens. It is not every day one encounters fae.”
“Fae?”
Lisbeth giggled. “Oh yeah, he thinks I’m some sort of fairy creature.” She shrugged.
“What?” Perhaps it’s why I constantly smelled peppermint when she was around. “That makes sense, I guess.”
“What does?” she asked.
“You always smell like a candy cane to me. Now I think I know why.”
“Are you not a hunter, Shomeret?”
“From what I gather, that was a long ass time ago. When was the last time you talked to one?” I asked.
“Never. Your kind have been legend throughout the ages.”
“Oh God, are you like a thousand years old, too?”
“Too?” Elliot asked.
“Oh uh… forget I said anything.” I bit my lip. Oops.
“Older. He’s got this sarcophagus that’s like thousands of years old,” Lisbeth said, barely containing her excitement.
“What the hell?” I looked at Ezra. “How old are you?”
“He doesn’t know,” Lisbeth answered before he could. “He goes to sleep for these long periods of time and forgets all sorts of stuff.” She grabbed his arm and cuddled against it.
“Well then. I should tell you times have changed. I don’t hunt. In fact, I have a friend who’s been helping me with this stuff. He says it’s my job to point out the bad guys and let others of their kind take them out.”
“Like a narc,” Lisbeth said with a taunting giggle.
“Don’t remind me.”
“My brothers are all much older and stronger than I. I fear it will not be possible.”
“Isn’t it just you two?”
“No. I have four older brothers. I do not know if they would help… especially with a Shomeret involved.” His arm curled around Lisbeth, pulling her close. “I went to the club to protect her.” There was a genuine look in his eyes. Of course, more needed to be explained, but it could wait until later.
“If this guy is running around, killing girls… other ‘things’ will get involved, and it could get quite chaotic pretty fast. So it’s either this or… I don’t know exactly. It’s clear he’s breaking the rules.”
“You know of the rules.” He gave a soft smile. “My father was one of those who helped create them.”
“Seriously?” Color me surprised. “Where is he now?”
“Long gone. When we can, my brothers and I write down our history before we sleep. The last time I read the journals, it was noted my father had died just before the Crusades. Why do you ask?”
“Just wanted to meet someone who had a hand in creating these damn rules. No one seems to know how old they are or where they came from, at least no one I’ve spoken to.”
“I see.”
“Do you? Because your brother is breaking them. Obviously your father isn’t around to give him a whooping—which leaves you and your other brothers to step in and do something about it.”
“That is the thing, I do not know which brother it is.”
I smiled. “Well that’s what I’m for.” I looked over to Elliot who was in a stunned silence as he stared at Ezra. “It’s okay, Elliot.” I took his hand which seemed to snap him back into reality… well a reality of sorts. “Lisbeth, we really need Rome’s help on this and I’m afraid we can’t do much until nightfall.”
“Right-o, boss.”
“I suppose we should go back to my place and wait it out. I need more sleep anyway. Elliot, do you think you can take us all back to my house?”
Elliot watched Ezra for a beat before looking at me. It was obvious the bombardment of information was skewing his ability to make a decision on the matter. “Um… of course.”



****



Elliot was uncomfortable in Ezra’s presence and I have to say, I didn’t blame him. The power and sway he held over Lisbeth, and potentially myself, was cause for concern. At least the solace and comfort of my home seemed to put everyone at ease. It allowed me to break from the group and head into the kitchen to make tea.
Lisbeth followed from the living room. “You should trust him,” she said, quietly.
“Why? Because you do?”
“Why not? He hasn’t hurt me.”
“Not yet.” I reached into the cupboard and pulled out my tea set. “He gets one chance with me, are we clear?”
She nodded.
“Also, Rome might have something to say about all this. Whatever he tells me, I’m going with it.”
“You trusted Rome right away.”
“Yeah, because he gave me a reason to—physical examples, even. I’ve spent the last couple of weeks getting to know him. You’ve had less than one night with this guy.”
“I know.”
“So, like I said... at least see where I’m coming from. I’ll hear him out, okay?”
“Okay.” She grabbed the whistling tea kettle and began pouring while I went back into the living room.
“You,” I said to Ezra, “start talking.”
“What would you like to know?” Ezra replied.
“Tell me about your brothers—you said you have four?”
“Yes.”
“And you don’t know which one is attacking these girls?”
“I have my suspicions.”
Elliot sat in the armchair, quietly watching us. His eyes looked as if they were asking questions his mouth could not iterate.
Ezra continued. “I am the youngest of us.”
“But you said there’s only one doing it. Have you reached out to your other brothers? Also, how is it there are five demons in this city and I’m only ‘sniffing’ you out now?
“It is rare that we are all awake at the same time. I voluntarily slept around sixty years ago. It was only recently that I awoke.” He looked away, his eyes seemed sad.
“Why?” I asked.
He looked over to Lisbeth who was finally approaching with the tea tray. “Because I had not found the one.” His gaze went from sad to loving as he watched her.
She caught a glimpse and smiled, giving him a tiny wave before pouring him a cup of tea.
I leaned back in my chair and sighed. “Okay, hands down—if you want my help, you have to contact your brothers. We can meet at….” I thought a moment. There was no way I’d surround myself and my friends with demons at my house or the Mystery Box.
“There’s an abandoned warehouse off Industrial Avenue that we can use,” Elliot said, finally speaking up.
“Good,” I said to Elliot before turning back to Ezra. “Think you can manage that?”
“Possibly. As I said before, they might not take kindly to a Shomeret.”
“They will if I tell them what’s at stake should they refuse to help. Besides… I’ll have backup.” Backup was relative when it came to the exhausted bunch in the room, including myself. “I can’t do anything until I get some rest… at least a few hours.”
“I should head back to the precinct,” Elliot said, standing up.
“No way. You’re staying here and taking a nap—that’s final. You’d be completely useless to me if you showed up tired.”
“I could use a nap,” Lisbeth said, smiling at Ezra.
“I have two guest rooms. Just take whatever.” I got up and walked toward the stairs.
The minutes ticked by and despite the revelation, I became sleepier until I finally passed out.



Elliot



I texted Nicki, letting her know we had found Lisbeth safe and sound. Despite being tired as hell, I wanted so much to crawl into bed with Onyx. If I lay here alone, all I’d be doing is mulling over the recent events and conversations in my head until I’d drive myself insane.
One image burned in my mind, the one of Onyx and me at the club. Her sweet taste in my mouth. It was as if, for a moment, I had been someone else… and I’d liked it. I looked to the door, feeling the temptation to run to her and have her again. But then… the image of Lisbeth and Ezra appeared in my mind’s eye, and a wave of exhaustion took over.
Hours later, I woke to the sounds of arguing coming from downstairs.
“Are you mad? Bringing a demon here?” I could hear Rome asking Onyx as I walked down the steps.
“Keep your voice down. There’s more to it than that,” she said.
“Rome.” I gave a brief glance to Onyx, then back to him. “I take it you’ve heard.”
Rome closed his eyes and shook his head.
“I’m telling you… his scent diminished when I saw him at the Mystery Box. Weren’t you the one to tell me that was a sign I wouldn’t be in danger?”
Rome opened his eyes and kept them locked on Onyx as he sat on the couch. “Tell me about these brothers of his.”
“He’s sure it’s one of them doing it, but not one hundred percent on who, exactly.”
“You know we’ll need their help if we hope to—”
“I know,” Onyx said, moving to sit in the armchair across from him. “That’s why I called you.” She looked over to me for a moment. “Elliot knows of a warehouse where we can gather everyone so we can figure out which one it is. And perhaps we can convince the others to take him out.”
“What makes you think they’ll just go along with it?”
“Oddly enough, Ezra’s father had a hand in creating the rules. I’m hoping to appeal to that aspect of their upbringing.” She shook her head and rolled her eyes. “As if I know anything about that.”
“I see what you’re saying. What if it doesn’t play out like you hope?”
Onyx smiled. “Well that’s what we have you for.”
“Me?” Rome relaxed back into the couch and crossed his legs.
“Yes.”
“You want me… to take on… how many demons?”
“Four?” She squinted and gave a sheepish grin.
“I’m kind of flattered you think I can take on even one.” Rome smiled at her and leaned forward a bit.
“Can you?”
“To be honest… I don’t know. I’ve never done it before. It would help if I had backup.” He gave her a look and arched his brow.
They locked in stare for a moment—I was lost.
Both Onyx and Rome turned toward me.
“What?” I asked.
“He’s going to find out soon enough,” Rome said.
She sighed.
“Find out what?” I asked. This time, pressing the severity of my tone.
“Nicki….” Onyx bit her lip.
“What about Nicki?”
“She’s a werewolf.”
I found it odd my initial reaction wasn’t one of surprise, but more of relief. All this time, I had my suspicions there was more to Nicki than she let on. At least now I had an answer.
“You’re not saying anything,” Onyx said.
For a beat I realized I was lost in my own head, thinking about Nicki. Without answering, I pulled out my phone and sent Nicki another text.
“What are you doing?” Onyx asked.
“What do you think? We have a demon to kill.”
Rome looked at Onyx and gave a slight shrug while gesturing with his hands palms up.
“Fine.” She stood up.
“Where are you off to?” Rome asked.
“Going to wake Lisbeth then take a shower.” She stopped and looked back at Rome. “Do you have any weapons in that museum of yours?”
Rome thought for a moment. “Maybe.” He stood up and walked to the door. “I’ll be back shortly.”
“Do you need a ride?” I asked.
He paused and smiled at me before leaving. “No.”
It was clear Rome had secrets about who or what he was. Though I had my suspicions about Rome, each theory seemed more insane than the last. Perhaps the clues were everywhere and I was purposefully ignoring them because I didn’t want to face the reality of what was actually happening. It still hadn’t quite sunk in yet. Even now, faced with evidence, I kept trying to find a rational explanation for everything going on.
“Elliot… Elliot, are you okay?”
Onyx was trying to get my attention. Once again, I was lost in my own head. “Yes. Sorry. What?”
“Do what you need to do to get Nicki on board. And… just in case, don’t mention that you know. Or at least don’t act weird around her. I don’t like outing people no matter what their secret is.”
I gave a quick nod. “I’m going to head over to her place. I’ll text you the address for the warehouse in a bit.”
“Alright.” She stared at me for a moment.
Was this where I give her a goodbye kiss? We still hadn’t addressed what happened at the club. Under normal circumstances, I’d approach the situation like any single guy would; formally ask her out on a date. After all that had been revealed in the last twenty-four hours, pursuing something right now was the furthest thing from my mind… yet I still wanted her.



****



“Did you get the call?” Nicki asked as I approached her apartment door. She was waiting just outside.
“No. Please tell me they didn’t find another body.”
“They did. Except this time it was a guy. I don’t know the specifics yet, but Roger said it appears to be another violent attack by a wild animal.”
Guy? It didn’t make sense based on what Ezra told us earlier. “I suppose we’re heading there first?”
“First?” she asked.
“I’ll explain on the way. Onyx has some information on what this is all about.” I got back in the car.
Nicki grunted as she sat in the passenger side. “What is with her… and you?” She glared at me for a moment.
“I’m not sure what you’re talking about. But I suppose she’s become sort of a consultant if you really must know.”
“Was that your idea?” She huffed a bit more.
“You know it wasn’t.” I wanted to give her a look but I kept my eyes locked on the road as we took off.
“She’s nothing but trouble.”
She was right, but in a completely different context.
Chapter 4



Onyx



We were running short on time, especially since I needed Rome’s help on the matter. Elliot texted me the address. There was no way four people would be able to squeeze in the back seat of his car.
Ezra came down the stairs before Lisbeth.
“Hello,” I said, keeping my tone in check. Lisbeth was right. With Rome, I had given out my trust way too freely, but as far as Ezra was concerned, I still thought of him as a potential murderer despite Lisbeth’s feelings on the matter.
“Hello, Shomeret.”
“I have a name. It’s Onyx.”
“Very well then, Onyx.”
He slowly approached but stopped when I held up my hand, gesturing for him to keep his distance. “I’d rather not fall victim to the same spell you have over my friend.”
“Understandable. It is not something I can control very easily. It is an ability my other brothers seem to have mastered.”
I arched a brow. “So you’re telling me, after thousands of years, you’re still a novice to… whatever you’ve got going on?” I motioned my hand up and down.
“I refuse to stay awake for as long as they do. They like to have fun at the expense of others. They were much worse early on.”
“So basically I’m dealing with half a frat house here?”
He tilted his head, clearly lost on my words.
“Nothing, never mind. Are you sure you’ll be able to convince them to help?” I sat back on the couch and looked over to him. He remained at the base of the staircase, watching me.
“It might be best that I speak with one alone before engaging the others. One I know, for sure, would not harm a woman.”
“How do you know for sure?” I asked.
“It is complicated. And I do not know you well enough to explain the inner workings of my family.”
“Got it.” I held up my hands defensively for a brief moment before reaching for the now cold pot of tea. “What do you need to contact him?” I poured myself a cup and took a sip. Something about the taste of cold, bitter tea relaxed me.
He didn’t immediately respond.
“Do you have some super-secret demonic communication or something?”
“No. We use the phone.”
The casual way in which he responded caused me to chuckle. It would be something I’d say, except dripping with sarcasm, while he said it in a very matter-of-fact way.
“What?” he asked.
“Nothing.”
“Very well.” He looked at the door. “Someone is walking up the path.”
At first his words confused me, then I realized he meant he could sense someone outside my door. Seconds later, the doorbell rang.
A wave of panic overtook me for a beat before it struck me that I knew more than any random person would, walking into my house. Outside of his larger than normal stature, Ezra looked like any other guy. Well… any other hot guy.
I peeked out the bay window and saw George. Oh shit. He would have a million-and-one questions for Ezra as soon as he lay eyes on him.
I ran over to the door and took a deep breath as I opened it, keeping it close against my body.
“George,” I said with a nervous chuckle.
He narrowed his eyes at me. “You aren’t answering your phone.” He attempted to peer over my shoulder. “Let me in. I have so much to tell you about last night.”
It dawned on me that he’d left before all this went down. I looked over my shoulder to Ezra, who kept his eyes on me. He didn’t seem to react otherwise. Well okay then. “Come on in.” I finally opened the door all the way. Ezra stood up.
George paused as Ezra came into full view. “Well hello tall, dark, and gorgeous.”
Still, Ezra didn’t react though his gaze moved from me to George.
The awkward silence was almost deafening.
“Does your new boy-toy speak?” George whispered while keeping his eyes locked on Ezra.
I sighed. “Long story. Yes and no, he’s not my boyfriend.” I turned back around in time to see Lisbeth skipping down the stairs.
“George!” She ran past Ezra and jumped on George, giving him a tight squeeze.
I watched for a reaction from Ezra. Interestingly enough, he didn’t seem fazed.
“Well, hello, my little doll,” George said as he squeezed back. “I’m so glad you’re here. I have to dish to the both of you about my hookup last night.” He released Lisbeth and plopped down on the couch, relaxing his feet.
“Shoes,” I said, snapping my fingers.
He casually kicked off his boots and they fell to the ground. Lisbeth sat on his legs.
“I thought you were seeing some clean-cut lawyer,” I said.
“He couldn’t handle my realness. Anyway, this guy is a closet Goth. It’s totally adorable. Mr. Business during the day, and hunk of sexy dark meat during the evening.”
“I don’t think I saw him.” Then again, I’d been busy with my romantic entanglement with Elliot before chasing down a demon.
“So what happened at the club after I left? Any gossip?” He pulled out his phone and began texting.
Lisbeth and I looked at each other for a moment before we both looked to Ezra, who was still standing there, unmoved.
George caught the look. “Oh my, you girls had a three-way, didn’t you.” He eyed Ezra for a moment before holding his hand to the side of his mouth in a mock whisper. “So jelly.”
I closed my eyes and shook my head. “No, no. Nothing like that. It’s a long story. George don’t be mad but… we have to go soon and—”
“Go where? Can I come?” He immediately got excited at the prospect.
Perhaps sensing that I was at a loss, Lisbeth spoke up. “Not this time. We’ll make it up to you though. Promise.”
“Promise?” George sat up and gave Lisbeth a mock scowl.
“Promise,” Lisbeth replied in her trademark mousey tone.
Lisbeth stood up and helped George off the couch at which point Ezra stepped closer to him. Without saying a word, he ran the back of his hand gently over George’s cheek.
I froze, unable to do or say anything.
“Oh, my,” George whispered in a very short tone.
My eyes widened as Ezra leaned down and gave George a light kiss on the lips. Or maybe it wasn’t a kiss. He seemed to hold his lips against George’s for a few seconds. Whatever reaction was plastered on my face seemed to mirror Lisbeth’s. We both looked at each other before looking back to the indescribable events unfolding before us.
Ezra stood up straight and walked back toward the stairs.
George was frozen, eyes wide in shock. Between the three of us, we were all dumbfounded. At least I knew I was, for sure.
“I uh….”
“Yeah,” I said as I took him by the arm. “You should probably head home.”
“Uh—”
Before letting him finish his sentence, I ushered him out the door, immediately closing and locking it behind him. Without wasting another second, I spun around and stared at Ezra. “What the hell was that?”
The question in Lisbeth’s eyes told me she was asking the same thing though unable to utter the words.
“Your friend. He is attracted to men?”
“I uh… yeah?” I furrowed my brows wondering where this was going. “What… why?” I paused for a moment. “I thought….”
“I was merely showing your friend affection. I could sense his desire for me.”
I felt the muscles in my face relax. “Well then.”
The answer seemed to satiate Lisbeth’s questions as well.
“Oh, for the record, there will be plenty of men and women who will express desire for you. Some advice? Don’t just go around kissing people. It’s a little weird and invasive… even if they secretly want you to.” The words came out harsh, but I meant it. He seemed naïve to the current times, and I worried something bad might come of it.
“Understood.”
“Besides, I thought you only had eyes for my best friend.” I put my hand to my hip.
Ezra looked confused. Perhaps it was my turn of phrase.
“She means… you only want me, right?” Lisbeth didn’t come off as the jealous type, not even now, but I could see she needed answers.
“Of course. I sensed the ease at which he put you.”
There were more questions to be asked about it, but we were cut short by another ring of my doorbell. This time it was Elliot.
He took note of the tension in the room and looked at Ezra, Lisbeth, then over to me. “Everything alright?”
“Yes,” I said. Keeping the conversation away from the previous ten minutes, I moved into my earlier thought of the jam-packed car ride. “So what’s the plan on getting to the warehouse?”
Elliot’s lack of response made me realize he was already questioning that himself.
“Do not worry about me. I can follow you,” Ezra said.
“How—” I cut myself off, realizing that, like Rome, he had his own supernatural means of travel… as displayed by his actions the previous night. “Never mind. Elliot.” I turned around. “What’s the address of this warehouse? Ezra will need to let his brother know.”
“Brother? I thought we would be speaking with all of them.”
“Yes well, Ezra thinks it would be best to just speak with one for now.” I turned back to Ezra. “You should call him before we leave.” I handed him my phone. He stared at it for a moment. I sighed and retracted my hand. “What’s the number?”
He gave me the number, and I pushed the buttons then hit send before holding it against his ear. As soon as he started speaking, I knew there was no way I’d be able to figure out what he was saying outside of the pre-arranged context. Whatever language he was communicating in, it was old.
After a pause, he nodded to me, so I took away the phone and hung up. “He will be there.”
I dialed Rome and walked into the kitchen, explaining the situation. He informed me he had found a couple of books and a few weapons that might come in handy should the need arrive.
“Shall we?” I asked, stepping back out into the foyer.
“Nicki is waiting in the car.” Elliot looked at Ezra. “I suppose you’ll be meeting us there.”
“Yes.”
Lisbeth gave Ezra a hug and an impassioned kiss before we all walked out of the house.



****



The car ride was quiet. I worried about Elliot confronting Nicki on what she was. Even if he hadn’t yet, it would come up sooner or later.
Lisbeth spent the car ride peering out the back window, trying to catch a glimpse of her new winged love toy. It piqued my curiosity about how such a creature could stay under the radar both figuratively and literally.
Nicki took note of our antics and occasionally glanced out the side window.
We finally arrived at the warehouse and Rome was waiting across the street. He walked toward us as we exited the car. “It seems Ezra’s brother is already here. He showed up shortly after I did.”
“Was he alone?” I asked.
Rome nodded.
A semi-loud thump startled both Elliot and Nicki as Ezra landed on the ground next to us. I was impressed by the vibration the asphalt made as he did so. I soon realized this was the first official encounter between Ezra and Rome.
Rome seemed wary. It didn’t help that Ezra immediately approached Rome putting him on the defensive. He stopped a few steps shy of what I’d call an “invasion of personal space.”
“Hello, Vampire.”
Well that cat’s out of the bag.
Again, there was no reaction from Nicki, and at this point, Elliot didn’t seem surprised. Although he could have still been reeling from the landing of a demon mere inches from him.
Rome’s alertness wavered some, and once more Ezra stepped closer, raising his hand and gently gliding the back of it against Rome’s cheek.
I quickly moved in front of Rome, facing Ezra. “Boundaries, remember?” I said.
“It’s quite alright,” Rome said. The curl at the corners of his lips told me he felt more curious than anything.
Ezra retracted his hand and looked at me for a moment before turning and heading directly into the building as if the previous encounter hadn’t happened.
“He’s seriously going to have to explain that better,” I said.
Rome smiled at Lisbeth. “I can see the attraction, my dear.” His eyes drifted back toward Ezra. “There’s something familiar about him though I can’t put my finger on it.”
The thought gave me pause and I thought it best to say nothing. Instead, I followed Ezra into the building.
Our awkward encounter was soon replaced by a new one as I saw what looked to be Ezra’s brother, casually sitting on a rafter with his legs dangling.
“That is my brother Daevan,” Ezra said to me. The scent of sulfur in the air combined with Ezra’s fading scent. Based on what I knew so far, he could be innocent of these crimes, and I still wouldn’t know for at least another day or so.
Daevan began talking, using the same language I’d heard Ezra speak earlier. I quickly looked to the only other person who could possibly know what they were saying.
At first Rome looked a tad confused, but then I realized he was concentrating.
“What are they talking about?” I asked him in a hushed tone.
“Remember those dead languages I mentioned before?”
I nodded.
“Well this is one of them. It’s going to take me a sec.”
I looked back to Ezra. Based on his gestures, he seemed to be explaining something. Though I had zero clue as to what they could possibly be saying. One word stood out: “Shomeret.” Ezra was clearly talking about me, at which point Daevan stared directly at me before jumping off the rafter and landing square on his feet with a loud thump. Ezra wasn’t kidding. His brother had a good four inches on him and was definitely more muscular… not to mention slightly hotter.
Nice timing, libido.
The relaxed demeanor Daevan sported earlier was replaced with tension and anger. He kept his eyes on me while speaking to Ezra in a raised voice. Ezra replied in the same manner. With both of them looking directly at me, I couldn’t help but feel nervous.
“What are they saying?” I mumbled through my teeth toward Rome.
There was a pause in conversation though I could hear the same line being repeated over and over by Rome who was muttering to himself. Perhaps to translate? He finally stopped. “Onyx.”
“What?”
“Run.”
“What?” I asked, shocked.
“Run. Now.” Rome pushed me out of the way and charged towards Daevan.
Without waiting another moment, I turned and ran. I could hear the sounds of Nicki and Elliot discharging shots moments before I felt strong arms gripping around me, lifting me off the ground. Thinking it was Ezra, I felt a bit at ease... that was until I saw Ezra on the ground below me as I was being lifted higher and higher up. He was standing next to Nicki and Elliot who were aiming their guns in my direction. Rome was moving to stand back up while brushing himself off. Whatever happened while I wasn’t looking, it was clear that Rome hadn’t gotten the upper hand.
I looked over my shoulder to see Daevan glaring at me as his arms gripped tighter around my torso. I gasped from the pain of the tight squeeze. Once again, he perched on the rafter, this time with me in tow. He dangled me while he sat in his previous position.
“Please,” I cried out. “I’m only trying to help.”
“Silence,” he snapped back.
I looked down, trying to do quick math in my head on whether a fall from this height could kill me or just shatter a few bones on landing. Either scenario spelled bad news for me.
Ezra was yelling now while Lisbeth was shrieking.
Though their guns were still pointed, there was no way Nicki and Elliot would fire at Daevan while he had me in his grip. At least I hoped they wouldn’t.
Though the fear of being killed by this creature was coursing through my veins, I couldn’t help but feel angry at the lack of real communication beforehand.
“Listen, I don’t know what your problem is… but Ezra asked you to come here in hopes that you would help us out. I don’t know which one of you it is, but someone is killing girls in my city, and it needs to stop.”
His grip around me tightened. Once again, I cried out in pain.
Before he had a chance to speak, I spoke again forcing the air from my lungs to reach my vocal cords. “Or do you want the world to find out about your kind?” I looked back at him once more. It seemed as if the anger in his eyes had subsided.
“What’s to stop you from hunting me and my brothers down?” There was a slight accent in his voice. Almost transatlantic, though mostly American.
I realized he shared the same assumptions about my kind as Ezra. “I don’t know what you know, but Shomeret don’t hunt anymore,” I growled through my teeth. I could barely get the words out. “Like I said, I’m just here to help. Besides, you can’t kill me. Rules, remember?”
He furrowed his brow slightly.
“You know, the rules? The same rules your father helped create?” He instantly became mad and glared down at Ezra, yelling, again in that language I couldn’t understand.
Ezra sighed. “She asked.”
“Tell your friends to put their weapons down.”
I called down to them. “It’s okay. Just do as he says.” It’s not that I really wanted them to do it; I just knew their guns wouldn’t do a damned thing to help me in this case.
As soon as they hesitantly lowered their weapons, I felt Daevan shift. Despite the front I was trying to put up, I couldn’t help but whimper as I felt him lower to the ground with me tightly in his arms. He landed and finally let me go.
I coughed and wrapped my arms around myself. “See? That wasn’t so hard, was it?” I said.
No one said anything.
Lisbeth ran up and hugged me which only caused the pain in my ribs to shoot through the rest of my body.
“Sorry,” she said, backing down.
“It’s alright.” I looked to the rest of the group.
After a few beats of silence, I coolly walked back outside of the warehouse. Once I was out of view from the others, I bent forward, trying to catch my breath. Whatever had just happened, I’d surely feel it in the morning. A rush of panic, and the reality of the situation had finally caught up to me.
What am I doing? What the fuck am I doing?
I wanted to scream and bolster as much energy as I could to run away. Instead, I fell back against the side of the building and slid down, still trying to catch my breath, all the while fighting back tears. Finally, a wave of calm overtook me as I stared out toward the dilapidated warehouse across the street. After a few moments, the scenery faded into one giant blur before a pair of legs obstructed my view.
I looked up to see Daevan looking down at me, extending his hand. Hesitantly, I reached out and took it as he guided me up with ease.
“I won’t apologize for my actions.” He paused. Perhaps he was waiting for a response. “You have to understand what it’s been like for me and my kind over the ages.”
“Let me guess, Inquisition?” I turned and walked away before he could reply, eyeing Rome who smirked and shook his head at the comment.
“Where to now?” Elliot asked.
I stood, facing away from the group. “That depends on our new friend here and if he’s planning on helping us.”
Daevan spoke from behind me. “Ezra and I will need to talk more about this without interference.”
“Do you know who it is?” Ezra asked him.
“Yes. Vago.”
“Onyx?” Ezra asked, as though I should be able to confirm the answer based on name alone.
“I’d have to be in his presence to be sure.” Even now, I couldn’t be certain if Daevan wasn’t the one doing it.
I turned to face Ezra, just in time to see a flicker of fear flash in his eyes. “If so, it is as I feared.” He turned toward Lisbeth. “Vago is our eldest brother. The strongest and fiercest of us all. Stopping him will not be easy.”
Just then, Daevan pulled out a few of the bullets Nicki and Elliot managed to hit him with. He dropped them to the ground as if they were specs of dirt.
I looked to Elliot. “Told ya. Guns don’t do shit.”
Chapter 5



Onyx



After the evening’s events, there was no way I would allow Daevan into my home, and despite his earlier suggestion, Rome was hesitant to offer his. Even more so, he seemed sour over his interaction with Daevan.
Ezra finally offered up his place with the promise that we wouldn’t tell anyone about it. Like that was even a thought to cross my mind. I rolled my eyes at the mere suggestion.
As soon as we stepped through the door, Lisbeth grabbed my hand and ushered me into a back room.
“You’ve gotta see this.”
“See what?” It wasn’t long after I asked the question that I immediately saw what she was referring to. A giant sarcophagus came into view as soon as I stepped in the room. It was ornate and quite large. The gold accents stood out the most with engravings and carvings of symbols throughout.
“My God.”
I turned around to see Rome enter the room just behind us. He brushed past me and headed straight towards the sarcophagus, running his hands along the sides.
Ezra’s voice echoed from behind us. “I see you are all interested in where I sleep?”
“This is exquisite.” Rome said, still caressing the texture of the carvings. “2500 BC?” He finally turned around and looked at Ezra.
“Yes. Around then.” Ezra gave a faint smile. Oddly enough, this was the first time I had seen him smile at all… or given any look other than a serious one.
Behind Ezra was Daevan, leaning against the wall with his massive arms folded across his chest. Aside from him possibly attempting to kill me, he was quite attractive. We locked eyes for a moment before I quickly turned back to the center of everyone’s focus: the sarcophagus. I couldn’t help but interject some wit. “Jealous your coffin isn’t quite as nice?”
Rome couldn’t help but chuckle while Ezra looked confused for a moment. “The vampires I recall slept in underground caverns to avoid the day.”
“Vampires are abominations,” Daevan retorted.
“Wow. And demons are blunt conversationalists,” I said without missing a beat.
Rome scowled a bit, trying to ignore Daevan’s quip. I didn’t blame him. Despite his preternatural strength, Rome wouldn’t stand a chance against Daevan, let alone his brothers.
I raised my brows and turned back toward the group for a beat. “And here I thought we were all becoming friends.” I made my way out of the room. Daevan stood up straight, blocking my exit. I lifted my eyes to him as he peered down into mine. He wasn’t using his incubus charm on me, he didn’t have to. His attractiveness was almost beyond words. Still, I needed to keep my tough girl demeanor. “Do you mind?”
Still, he refused to move. I sighed and put my hands against his chest and gave a gentle yet firm shove. If he budged at all, it was because he moved and not because I pushed him. He rebounded from the slight movement and kept still.
Again, I looked up at him. This time, putting a bit of my own charm into the mix. In my best, “come hither” voice, I spoke again. “Pretty please, with a cherry on top.”
Something in his eyes changed. The hardness of his gaze still lingered, though the look was more of concern. Perhaps because I had turned the tables on him?
“Daevan, let her pass,” Ezra said.
He inhaled deeply and backed to his original position against the wall.
As I turned away, I could see Nicki and Elliot, who had both witnessed the entire exchange, eyeing me curiously. They allowed me through without incident as I went on to explore the rest of the flat.
If this building had been renovated, it was done a while ago based on the décor. I thought of all the wonderful things which could be done to a place like this as I made my way toward the balcony. The glow of the city lights made me smile even as I felt pains from my sides continuing to radiate toward the rest of my body. It was getting much harder to breathe and the feel of my skin was burning hot, even through my clothing.
I walked back toward the hall to see Elliot and Nicki quietly discussing something while Daevan was keeping a close eye in the room where Rome, Ezra and Lisbeth were.
“Do you have a bathroom or mirror somewhere?” I asked him.
Daevan eyed me for a moment before looking down the hall at doors to other rooms. It meant I’d have to walk by him again; something I was not looking forward to doing.
At least this time it was without incident, which is more than I could say for my reaction once I got a look in the mirror. I unlaced my bodice and slipped it off along with my tank top after stepping into the bedroom. As I stood there, looking at myself, I ran my fingers along my side. The touch caused me to wince from the pain as I noticed bruises were beginning to form on either side of me… from Daevan’s vise grip.
“Perils of the job, I suppose,” I mumbled to myself as I looked back up. The reflection of Daevan standing in the doorway caused me to spin around, holding my clothes tightly over my chest. At least I had my bra on.
“Find what you needed?” he asked.
I scowled at him for a moment. All I could think about was eliminating him along with his murderer of a brother.
“Let me see,” he said as he stepped closer.
“No.” I backed up against the mirror.
Perhaps telling a sex-crazed demon “no” wasn’t the best way to get him to stop doing anything at all since he disregarded my comment and pulled my arms away, examining the damage he’d done.
“Get away from her.” Rome’s tone was stern but low as he entered the doorway.
Again, another command most likely ignored by the rather large supernatural creature before me. And if the earlier incident was an example, Rome wasn’t exactly fit to do anything about it.
Daevan slowly ran his hands over my sides. The touch was soft, but firm enough to cause me to jerk forward in pain though it lasted but a moment. Soon after, I was filled with warmth and a buzzed feeling not unlike the one you get after you’ve had just enough to drink to make you feel good, but before you’ve ingested enough to make you puke your brains all over the floor.
Before long I felt my head resting against Daevan’s chest and the echo of words being exchanged in the background. At first they sounded like a heated argument, but eventually they went away entirely.



****



The sun was shining on my face by the time I woke up. I sat up and looked around, confused. Elliot was sleeping on the lounge chair on the other side of my room. After a few moments, I realized I must have passed out from… from what, I couldn’t recall.
“Elliot,” I called out; louder than I should have.
“Huh?” He sat up and looked at me for a second before collecting himself and rushing over to me. “Onyx, thank God. You’re awake.”
“I didn’t realize I fell asleep. What the hell happened last night?” I held my hand to my head, expecting a headache from a hangover I didn’t have. Actually, I felt really fucking great.
“I’m not sure. Daevan said you had a cracked rib and he was… fixing… you. When I came into the room, you were passed out with him holding you up. I would have started shooting again if Rome hadn’t stopped me. We brought you back here and Rome left just before dawn. Despite what everyone else said, I wasn’t sure if you were really going to wake up.” The look in Elliot’s eyes was of pure concern.
“Yeah. I’m fine… great actually.” I reached up and stretched out my arms, soaking in the pools of sun spilling over my comforter.
The sound of Elliot clearing his throat and looking away clued me into the fact that I was completely naked.
“Whoops.” I brought my sheets over my chest. “Wait… who the hell undressed me?”
Elliot glanced back over and held up his hand for a moment to make sure it was okay to look. “Lisbeth. She said you hated going to bed in dirty clothes.”
I arched my brow and nodded. “Yup. She knows me well.”
The concern was starting to surface again. “You sure you’re alright?”
“Yes. Starved though.”
“I called out of work today. I can take you anywhere you want,” he said with a light smile finally breaking through his solemn demeanor.
I grinned. “I want pancakes.”
His smile grew as he watched me for a few moments. “You look really beautiful,” he said. He cleared his throat again and quickly left the room before I could respond.
Interesting.
I got out of bed and walked over toward my full length mirror, examining the area where I’d been injured. The marks were completely gone. Furthermore, I looked as if I was glowing. It could have been the sunlight in the room but something was different. If I looked younger than my age before, I looked quite prepubescent by comparison. I leaned in closer and stared at my face in the mirror. I was still me… but a refreshed me; a youthful untarnished version of myself—which is saying something because I pretty much think I’m the bees knees already. It was as if I had a spa weekend and a face peel. “Whatever that was, Daevan, you should bottle it up and make bank off of it.”
Gawking at myself wasn’t the best use of my time but I did it for a few more minutes before showering and dressing myself for the day. Poor Elliot looked tired as hell by comparison. After all, he was looking after me nearly all night.
“You sure you don’t want to go home first and get changed?” I asked.
“Why, do I look bad?”
“No. Not at all. Just want to make sure you’re comfortable is all.”
“Nah, I’m good.” He opened the door for me as we left.
“Thanks,” I said with a smile. “You’re going to have to give me a better recap of what happened after I passed out.”



****



“He said he would help and that’s pretty much it.”
“Really?” I wasn’t convinced. “He seemed to have quite the distaste for the situation… and for Rome.”
“Well he mentioned speaking with his other brothers as soon as he came in contact with them. I have no idea of when that is.”
“From a cop’s point of view, how does this play out?” I asked. “It’s not like you can say those girls ‘accidentally’ slashed themselves to bits.” I was referring to him covering up Mrs. Sanders’ unnatural death by ghost.
“I haven’t thought about it. Not to mention, a guy was killed the other day… the same way.” Elliot looked down at his tea for a moment before looking back up at me.
“Yeah, but Incubi don’t attack men… well I don’t think they do.” I sighed. “Fuck. What am I doing? I had a moment last night where I questioned why I was even letting myself get involved. I’m not strong enough to take on a demon… and as far as I can tell, neither is Rome.”
“I highly doubt Nicki can either.”
It seemed Elliot was finally on board with the whole situation… to what extent, I still couldn’t tell. “I’m glad Daevan is on our side, at least. Apparently the brother doing this is bigger and more evil.”
As I recalled more about my crazy night, the more questions I had for Rome, Ezra and Daevan.
Elliot and I sat in silence for the rest of our breakfast.
Though I have been known to say there’s a special place in insane asylums for people who wake up before eleven in the morning, I was feeling quite amazing for nine—so much so, that I had Elliot drop me off at the Mystery Box so I could fill in Frank on the happenings of the evening.
“I think if I wasn’t a ghost, I’d be running for the hills right now. Demons… vampires… werewolves—I don’t know how you guys do it.”
“To be honest, Frank, I don’t know how I do it either. I had a moment last night where I felt in over my head.”
“Then back out, baby doll. No one would think less of you if you did.”
“That’s the thing—I can’t. Too many people rely on me. Women… and even men are being murdered. What kind of legacy is this if I go against everything my ancestors did?”
“What ancestors?” Frank asked.
“Rome just mentioned he knew someone I was most likely related to. He praised how strong and amazing she was. If I bail out now, I’d be doing her a disservice.”
“You’re worried about pissing off some broad who died hundreds of years ago? Come on….”
“Weren’t you?” I asked.
“Me? Nah, my parents were off the boat. Beyond that, I don’t really know. I was just looking to get made. Be top dog, capo de tutti capi, the boss. But then I died and that’s that.”
I needed a second opinion. As much as I loved Frank for his bluntness, he‘d been a yes-man from birth—always there to agree with my shortcomings. I needed a solid, objective opinion.
My phone rang, it was Lisbeth.
“Hey.”
“You okay? I was worried about you last night. Ezra told me I shouldn’t be concerned.”
“Yeah, better than fine.”
“I guess Daevan worked some mojo on you to fix you up or something. Ezra said it’s something only Daevan can do apparently.”
“Interesting. Where are you right now?” I asked.
“At Ezra’s. I went back with him and Daevan, after Elliot, Rome and Nicki decided to take you home.”
“Is Daevan still there?” Why in the fuck did I just ask that?
“No. He left a few hours after we got back… said something about talking with his other brothers, I dunno.”
“So what is the situation between you and Ezra?” I asked. I still wasn’t sure what was going on there exactly.
“I’m still deciding. I swore off men after Dave. Now all of the sudden, I have Ezra making me the queen of his world… but they all do…in the beginning….” She trailed off. In fact, she sounded almost sad.
“You know these circumstances are a little different, right? Hell, we still need to find out more about you. I’m curious as to how he knows so much about you.”
“Me too. He says he just knows… he didn’t really get into it.”
There was a pause.
“So what now?” she asked.
“I guess we wait for Daevan,” I said.
Chapter 6



Elliot



I hadn’t heard from Onyx since Sunday morning, and it was now Wednesday. She said she was just waiting to hear from Daevan on the matter of the other two… brothers… involved. Demons. There it was again, this feeling I had. Like I was constantly living outside of my body and watching everything as if it were a movie. None of it seemed real. I still hadn’t confronted Nicki about what Onyx had told me either.
“What?” Nicki asked. She seemed annoyed… and with good reason. I had been staring at her, lost in thought.
“Nothing. Sorry. What were you saying?”
“This new vic… something about it isn’t sitting right with me.”
“Which part? The demons or the vampire or the—” I stopped myself.
She glared at me for a moment. “No. Anyway… it’s as if they are unrelated to the rest.”
“How do you know?” It came off a bit condescending but I was trying to ask how she knew—was it her werewolf instincts, cop instincts, or what? “I would guess Roger to be the one to make that assumption.” I cleared my throat. My initial question obviously struck a chord by the look on her face.
“I just… I know, okay?”
“Fine. I trust you.”
She looked up at me again.
“You’re my partner,” I said, trying to diffuse her assumptions about my assumptions. Perhaps I was overthinking this whole werewolf thing. She was still Nicki… even if I was beginning to see her in a different light.
“I think I’ll just go talk to Roger.” She stood up and paused, looking down at me. “You okay?”
“Just stressed out.”
“I feel you there.” She grabbed her blazer and walked away.
Seconds later, my phone rang.
“Detective Stevens.”
“Elliot… we’re meeting up with them tomorrow night.” It was Onyx. Usually I shivered when speaking to Onyx because I loved the sound of her voice, but this time her words sent shocks through my body because of the topic at hand. With each addition of a new supernatural creature, I became more and more nervous… especially since bullets didn’t do a damned thing. “Elliot, you there?”
“Um yeah, I’m here.” I really needed to stay out of these vacations in my own head. “I’ll let Nicki know. See you tomorrow then?”
“Yup. Hey… you okay?”
Why was everyone asking me that? “Yes. I’ll just see you tomorrow.” I hung up before she could ask anything else. I looked over toward Sergeant Longbear’s office. Perhaps it was time to let him know what was going on. Whatever rules Onyx mentioned, I wasn’t sure if they actually applied to me now that I was in the loop. Either way, he seemed to have an idea already, based on our first conversation about her. It was obvious he knew more than he let on. “Fuck it,” I muttered to myself as I got up and walked straight into his office.
“Hello, detective.”
I realized I hadn’t knocked before entering.
“Something up?” he asked.
“You could say that.” I closed the door and sat across from him. “You don’t have to answer me on this… but I know you must have some idea about Ms. Mitchell… Onyx.”
He relaxed back into his chair and tilted his head. “Go on.”
“I know you asked me to keep an eye on her.” I watched him closely as I said my next set of words. “I’ve actually been more involved than that.”
“Oh, really.” He made a hand gesture for me to continue.
“Listen, I don’t know if any of this is… real. I mean it’s real, I’ve seen it with my own eyes….”
“You mean the ghost?”
“Demons.” I said it without thinking.
He straightened in his chair and the look of concern crept on his face. “What do you mean ‘demons’?”
“Onyx has some sort of… ability. And we now have an idea of what’s been killing the girls around Awakening.” I paused again, carefully studying his face for a reaction… to my surprise, or not surprise, in this case, he didn’t have one. “An incubus.”
“I see.” He folded his arms across his chest. “So it seems that Onyx has let you in on her secret.”
“You know?”
He looked away for a moment.
“I guess you’re a part of this world as well.” Onyx warned me about asking questions. “I won’t press further… though at some point, I’m going to need a complete picture.”
“In time,” he said, looking back at me. “Very well. You’ll have to tread carefully with this. Unlike the Sanders’ case, we can’t make up theories about what happened. This is serial, and it needs to be closed or the media will be all over it… and that’s not good for any of us.”
“Understood, sir.”
“Did you need anything else?”
This might be stepping over the line Onyx told me not to cross, but he had to know what we were up against. “There’s more than one… and I think Nicki and I… might not be able to handle—”
He held up his hand, stopping me. “Whatever you need, I will help. Just remember my thoughts on the matter.”
I nodded and stood up, giving him a once over before finally leaving the room.
Chapter 7



Onyx



As I looked up at the abandoned warehouse, I wondered which of my bones might get broken next with the introduction of two more demonic brothers into this shit show.
Ezra assured me they were fully aware of my presence and with Daevan reassuring them, it was an easier pill to swallow.
The meeting took place at the same warehouse.
“I’m going to wait out here with Nicki,” Elliot said.
“Why?”
“Because we’ve brought back up.”
“Elliot, you aren’t supposed to tell anyone about this. Worse yet, you’ve probably put others in danger—”
He held up his hand to stop me. “Sergeant Longbear will be arriving shortly.”
“So you know….”
“Know what?” he asked, eyeing me. Was he baiting me?
“Nothing,” I immediately replied.
“Onyx, I know there’s more to it than that, but you told me not to ask questions so I’m respecting that. Just know that I’m not stupid.”
“I would never accuse you of such a thing,” I said. My eyes widened. It was too easy for him to put me on the defensive as of late.
He studied my face for a moment. “Just know we’ll be out here… and you’ll need this.” He pulled out a small walkie and handed it to me. “Turn the switch like this—and it will remain on, so we can hear if we’re needed.”
I nodded.
He rested his hands on my shoulders. “It’s going to be okay.”
Did I look nervous? And why the hell was he reassuring me all of sudden? “I know. I’ve got this,” I said, trying to assume control over the situation.
Rome approached us, almost appearing out of nowhere. “Ready, my dear?”
“As ready as I’ll ever be.” I looked around. “Where’s everyone else?”
“Inside.”
“Already? How did I not—ugh, never mind.” I gave Elliot a look before following Rome.
“Remember, just keep the walkie on and if things get crazy—”
“I know,” I said.
Lisbeth was standing just outside the warehouse as we approached.
“What are you doing out here?” I asked.
“Ezra told me to stand out here for my safety.” Her response was said in such a way that it was almost as if nothing was wrong.
“He’s probably right. Listen, do me a favor. Keep an eye on Elliot for me… okay?”
“Right-o, boss.”
I gave her a quick hug before following Rome’s lead.
Half expecting there to be a line of demons perched like ravens on the rafter, I looked up only to find they were all standing on the ground. They watched Rome and I as we approached. The now full blown scent of sulfur from all four caused me to pause in my step for a beat.
The two additional brothers Ezra and Daevan had mentioned were actually twins. Twin demons, what more could a mother ask for. I almost chuckled at my insane thoughts but kept myself in check considering the scowl slapped on the faces of the twins. They were good looking in their own right, though they had nothing on the other males in the room.
“So this is her,” one of them said as he eyed me up and down.
“Onyx, this is my brother Zazel,” Ezra said, referring to the one who had spoken, then motioning to the silent-yet-judgmental one, “and Zagan.”
I looked at Daevan. “Are they older than you?”
“No, younger. Ezra is the youngest.”
This collection of men made me worry even more about what we were up against when it came to Vago. They all seemed to share the same look on their face whenever he was mentioned. As witty as I tried to be in a room filled with gorgeous men, a sense of fear overshadowed the situation.
Zazel began speaking again, this time in their ancient tongue to which Rome could only grasp a few phrases at a time. Most of the time, it seemed as if he was trying to translate each word as it was spoken.
Finally, Zazel said something and Daevan replied to it in English. “No, she doesn’t hunt. I don’t think she can either.”
Was that him just stating a fact or coating it with an insult as well? I looked over at Rome who gave me some serious side-eye before once again, analyzing the conversation.
It dawned on me with them knowing who the perpetrator of these crimes was, I was no longer needed. Maybe that was the reason Daevan made the comment.
“What?” Daevan asked.
Oh, shit. “Um, nothing.”
“You’re thinking something.”
What was this? He could read my thoughts too? “What makes you say that?”
“The look on your face.”
Crap. Way to be obvious, Onyx. Now I had to come up with something believable. “This is just a little creepy.” Swing and a miss.
Rome stepped forward and I realized he had moved his hand from the back of my arm. If he caught my thoughts of worry, perhaps he could come up with a better excuse.
“So this is the vampire,” Zagan said, finally speaking up. He folded his arms across his chest while staring Rome down.
To everyone’s surprise, Rome began speaking to him in their language.
Zagan immediately laughed.
At first, I thought Rome had probably messed up a phrase or said something idiotic—like the time I was testing out my first-year Spanish skills on a native speaker, and completely botched on giving someone a compliment. Instead of telling a woman she had a pretty face, I called her a bathroom sausage.
“I like him,” Zagan said with a smirk.
“What did you say?” I asked Rome.
“I’ll tell you later,” he replied.
“So about this brother of yours,” Rome said, addressing Daevan this time.
“I have an idea of where he is. You should know, however, we don’t plan on killing him.”
“What?” I asked. “Why not?” I realized the question came off quite insensitive. To me, he was a murdering demon, to them, he was their brother.
“What she means is,” Rome said, trying to avoid the obvious answer, “what do you plan on doing to stop him from killing?”
“We have ways of dealing with situations like this when they get out of hand.”
“Like what?” I wasn’t giving up until I got a reasonable answer.
“A permanent sleep.”
“Isn’t that dead?” I asked, putting my hand to my hip.
Daevan sighed and tilted his head downward, giving me a menacing look. “We are not killing our brother. He will be going into a permanent hibernation of sorts. At least until we determine if it’s safe for him to be awakened again.”
“That doesn’t sound like much of a punishment, if you ask me. Ezra here sleeps all the time… voluntarily, even.” I gestured my hand toward him. “Hell, I could go for a nap right now.”
Zazel stepped forward and scowled at me. Daevan moved his hand in front of Zazel’s chest to usher him back. “Despite what you think, Shomeret, sleeping isn’t a pleasant experience for any of us.”
I looked over to Ezra who looked away in response. Typical baby brother. “Whatever,” I said.
“Now we just need to confront him.”
“Let’s go,” I said.
“Not you.” Daevan stepped toward me. “This is a family matter.”
“And you’re weak,” Zazel added in a smarmy tone.
Wow, what a douche. I shot him one of my better bitch faces. “Weak? Wanna have a go? You might take me down, but I’m taking a piece of you with me.” I stepped forward as Zazel did the same.
Rome put his hands to my shoulders and pulled me back while Daevan stood in front of his brother, blocking him once more. “It would not be wise to attack any of us… lest you get injured… again.”
“That’s not fair. You totally caught me by surprise.” That’s right, girl, fake it ‘til ya make it.
“Even so. Do you really think you’d win?” The patronizing overtones coming through his responses were blaringly loud. Each word resonated and evoked me to fluff my feathers even more.
No. “Maybe.”
“Onyx, it’s best we let them do what they need to… and trust them.” The last part of Rome’s sentence seemed unsure.
“I’d rather be there. Just to be sure.”
“Even if I were to allow it, your safety could not be guaranteed.”
“If she goes then I go,” Rome said.
“It’s clear she won’t back down.” Zagan, the man of few words, was making the most sense.
“And if you were to go without me, it wouldn’t take me long to ‘sniff’ you out again.” If anything, Rome knew I was completely fudging the truth. It took his assistance for me to track down Vago to begin with… and even then, I had been too late.
Though I was half-assing the extent of my abilities, they seemed nervous by the statement—which boosted my confidence even more.
Before I had a chance to speak again, Rome stopped me and turned to Daevan. “We just want to be sure,” he said before saying something else in their native language.
“Fine,” Daevan replied. He turned to me. “Hand me your phone.”
Despite the rudeness of the demand, I didn’t want to give him an excuse to change his mind, so I gave him my phone without hesitation.
He plugged in his number and sent a call to his phone before handing it back. “I will call you when we’re ready to confront Vago. For now, you need to let me speak with my brothers… alone.”
“How long will it take?” My demands for action and answers were starting to wear thin. 
Daevan shot me a look. “As long as it takes.”
Zagan spoke up again. “We’ll let you know before night’s end,” he said while looking at Rome.
Rome nodded and looped his arm around mine, gesturing for us to leave.
I kept my eyes locked on Daevan’s before turning around and following Rome’s lead outside of the warehouse.
“How did it go?” Lisbeth asked.
“As well as could be expected,” Rome said.
“It seems your new boy toy isn’t one to stand up to his brothers,” I said.
“Of course not,” she replied, “he’s a total pacifist. That’s what I like about him.” She smiled before skipping off in the direction of Elliot’s car.
As Rome and I approached, I noticed another car had shown up; this one belonging to Sergeant Longbear. He stepped out of the car as soon as we were in range.
“How did it go?” he asked.
“Good,” I said. I was a little nervous about him being around. The extra backup was nice, however.
“So this is the wendigo,” Rome said with a smile.
Sergeant Longbear straightened his stance and eyed Rome curiously. “And who might you be? I saw you at the second crime scene, if I recall.”
“A friend of Onyx’s.” Rome continued to examine Sergeant Longbear before slowly circling him, a wicked grin plastered on his face. “You know… the last time I encountered one of you, it wasn’t pretty.”
“Is that so?”
Nicki and Elliot noted the interaction and immediately stepped out of the car. “Everything alright?” Nicki asked.
“It’s fine,” Sergeant Longbear called back to her, eyes still following Rome.
I left Rome and Sergeant Longbear to their interaction while I approached Elliot who seemed concerned by the “meet and greet” playing out before him. “Did you hear?”
He snapped to attention. “Um, yes. So they’ll let you know when this is all going down?”
I nodded.
Elliot’s phone buzzed, followed by Nicki’s. They each looked at their respective phones.
“Seems the M.E. has something for us,” Nicki said before sitting back in the car.
“If it’s related to this case, can I go?”
“I don’t think they’d tell us anything you don’t already know.”
I shrugged. “Still….”
“Fine, get in.”
Nicki’s muffled voice sounded through the car. “Are you fucking serious? Taking her to the M.E.’s office.”
Sergeant Longbear called out. “It’s fine. Let her go.”
“Lisbeth has to go too… she doesn’t have a ride.”
“Fine,” Elliot said, grumbling a bit.
I looked at Rome before getting into the back of the car. “Behave yourself.”
“Oh believe me, I will.”
I watched Rome and Sergeant Longbear from the back window as Elliot drove away. It seemed as if the “stare-down” was finally over and they were discussing something.
I’ll expect a detailed explanation of that when I see Rome again.



****



When we arrived at the Medical Examiner’s office, Elliot motioned for me to wait just outside of room.
“Stay here until I come and get you.”
“Why?” I asked.
“Because I said so.”
Nicki pushed open the door, giving me a nasty look as she walked inside.
“What’s with her?” I asked Elliot.
“I don’t know.”
“You’re lying.”
“It’s not something we should be discussing right now. Just stay here until I get the ‘okay’ from the M.E.”
“But Sergeant Longbear said—”
“It doesn’t matter what he said… this is Roger’s office. I’d rather not piss off the guy who gives me answers.” Elliot looked at me for a moment.
And I’d rather not piss off the guy I want to hook up with. “Fine,” I said in a huff.



Elliot



“Took you long enough,” Roger said as I walked over. Nicki was already standing next to the mangled corpse of the last female victim.
“What’s up?”
“Seems like you might have another victim.”
“Another woman?” I asked.
“Nope. This Jane Doe recently gave birth. And from the looks of things, she might have died while doing so—the torso slashes were done post mortem… most likely out of anger.” He arched his brow at me. “Keep in mind that last bit was an opinion and won’t be included in my official report.”
“I know… and thanks, Roger.” I pulled back the sheet and looked at the slashes on the body. “Any word on if the baby survived?”
“That I couldn’t tell ya. Sorry.” He turned and grabbed a file before handing it over to me. “You should know the girl before this one had a miscarriage. I compared DNA between the placental tissue and fetal blood, whoever the father is—he’s the same person for both.” He looked down, almost troubled.
“What is it?” I asked.
“The DNA came back inconclusive outside of genetic markers matching the fetus and the baby.”
“What do you mean?”
“The lab said the samples are most likely corrupted by external sources. Boy was I pissed when they told me that. I run a clean house, here.”
I smirked. “I don’t doubt it.”
“There was no way they were corrupted in here… whatever they found was either a part of that DNA or something happened to both bodies before they got to my table.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well they are sure it’s on my end because each sample has the exact same corruption which is impossible….”
I looked up at Nicki. There was no way we could tell him, for sure, it wasn’t his fault unless we let him know what was going on.
Nicki gave a slight shake of her head.
“I’ll be right back,” I said before going back out to the hall.
“What?” Onyx said, probably discerning the look on my face.
“There’s something you should know. Come with me.” I turned to Lisbeth. “You can come but if you do, there will be more questions… it’s already going to be difficult having to explain Onyx’s involvement in this.”
“No big deal. I’ll be right out here,” she said with her innocent smile. Something about having Lisbeth around made the whole situation easier to swallow. Regardless of what was waiting in the other room, happiness and rainbows seemed to follow Lisbeth wherever she went.
“Who’s this?” Roger asked, noting Onyx’s presence.
“A consultant on the case.”
Roger eyed Onyx up and down. “Oh really.” He dragged the words out, unconvinced. His eyes stopped at her feet. “Love the boots.”
Onyx smiled. “Thanks.” Though her smiled disappeared as soon as she saw the body up close.
“You okay?” I asked.
Roger nonchalantly thumbed through a file and slid a trashcan over with his foot. “If you’re gonna puke, do it in here.”
“No, I’m fine.” She took in a deep breath before looking at me. “So what did you want to tell me?”
“This woman gave birth before she died.”
Her jaw dropped a bit. “Um… did it… survive?”
“We don’t know. But I thought you should know… for… your records.”
Onyx gave Roger a quick glance before looking back to me. “Got it.”
“Another thing you should know… the lab analyzed the DNA found on the woman and a fetus from another victim.”
“Fetus?” Her eyes went wide.
“Yes. It seemed one of the other victims suffered a miscarriage before she died… was killed.”
“Wait… you mean they have DNA?”
I could sense the concern in her voice. “Yes but, it was too corrupt to gather any more data.”
Once more, she gave Roger a glance. Thankfully Roger was in his own world. “So they don’t know anything?” she asked, nervously.
I shook my head. When I looked over to Nicki, to assess what her take on it was, she seemed bored. She finally caught my eye.
“We done here?” she asked.
“Yeah.” I turned to Roger. “Thanks, Roger. If you find out anything else, text me.”
“You got it,” he said to me. “Nice meeting you, Miss Consultant,” he said, lifting his eyes to Onyx.
“Of course. I always enjoy meeting people who play with dead things for a living,” she said with a smirk.
“I like her, Elliot. Bring her around again sometime.”



Onyx



“You know, George would totally be into that guy.”
Elliot grabbed my arm and walked me out of the building. Lisbeth and Nicki followed close behind.
“Let’s go.”
I broke from his grasp. “What the hell?”
“Things have changed. Do you think your new friends would hide something like this from you?”
“I don’t know… probably? I mean, I just met them.”
“If there’s a missing child, more people will get involved,” he said in a hushed tone, eyeing the cops entering and leaving the building. “Now that Roger knows, others will know… if they don’t already.”
It dawned on me what he was getting at. The last thing we needed was an Amber alert for a demonic newborn. “Alright. Just take me back to the house and I’ll call Daevan.”
We dropped Lisbeth off at her place. Wherever Elliot was going next, it certainly wasn’t my house.
“You should take her home first,” Nicki said.
Elliot glanced back at me through the rearview mirror.
“We still have things we need to go over.”
I could sense Elliot’s disappointment. He couldn’t get out of it without looking suspicious. After this long, complicated day, I could think of nothing more than wanting to spend a few hours alone with him. We’d barely had more than five minutes to ourselves before something else pulled us away.
“It’s fine,” I said.
Elliot kept silent while he drove to my place and dropped me off.
“I’ll let you know what I find out.”
Again, silence… from the both of them.
I just rolled my eyes and headed up to my porch.
Once they were out of view, I pulled out my phone and dialed Daevan. At this point it was almost midnight. Do demons even sleep?
I almost hung up after the first ring, but he immediately answered. “Onyx.”
“Uh… yeah. Hey.” Idiot.
“What did you need?” I half expected him to sound impatient, but there was almost a hint of concern in his tone. Curious.
“Um, I just needed to know if there was something else you needed to tell me.” That’s right, keep it vague.
“What do you mean?”
If he had the baby and was hiding it, it might set off alarms if he knew I knew. Then again, if he didn’t know, it could be a game changer.
“About your brother… is there anything else you need to tell me?”
“Other than what we’ve decided… no.”
“Oh… what did you decide?” Perhaps I had picked the right time to call.
“If you and Rome want to meet us at Ezra’s, we can discuss it more there. However your other friends are not invited.”
“Why not? They’re on board with your plan of ‘burying your brother alive.’” Why wouldn’t he want them there?
“I do not trust them. Zazel and Zagan know they already shot at me and don’t appreciate it… neither do I, for that matter. The less people involved, the easier it will be for my brothers and I to subdue Vago.”
“Then it’s best I don’t tell them anything at all… they’ll just come anyway if I tell them the truth.”
“Very well.”
“I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
“Goodbye.”
I didn’t bother responding; I just hung up. He wasn’t as formal a speaker as Ezra, but still, he had a way about him.
My next move was to call Rome. I debated letting him in on what I’d found out at the medical examiner’s office. Before I had a chance to hit send, there was a knock at my door.
“How in the fuck?”
“I’ve been here the entire time.” Rome leaned on the doorframe and smiled at me.
“I was just about to call you.” I showed him my phone.
“Well…” He gestured his arms outward. “I’m here.”
This presented another problem: how would I be able to lie to him about the baby?
“I called Daevan. He said to meet him at Ezra’s; just you and me.”
“Don’t you find that suspicious?”
“A little… though I see where he’s coming from. Elliot and Nicki did shoot at him.”
He put his arms to my shoulders. I quickly purged my thoughts of what I’d found out earlier. “Are you sure you want to be there for this? If something goes wrong, I can’t do much to help you.”
I nodded. Without being obvious about it, I moved from his touch. “Let me grab my jacket, it’s chilly out.”
“I guess I’ll call a cab,” he said from behind me. “You should really consider getting a car, you know.”
With what money, I thought.
Chapter 8



Onyx



The cabbie wasn’t gung-ho about dropping us off in a beat up part of town, but he did it anyway. Can’t say no to a Benjamin being waved in your face.
We stood outside the building and looked up.
“Now what?” I asked.
“Now we confront Vago.” Daevan popped out of the shadows to our left.
“Well you could have said something earlier… no cab is gonna come back to this place on a call.” I sighed.
“It’s been taken care of.” He turned around and walked toward the side of the building. “Follow me,” he called out as he disappeared around the corner.
Rome and I shared a look before obeying.
As we entered, Daevan stood next to an old elevator with a slide gate entrance. I hesitantly followed him in. “Nothing says, ‘Falling to your death at top speed,’ like an elevator that hasn’t been serviced in at least fifty years.”
Rome chuckled at my comment.
Daevan wasn’t impressed by anything I had to say, it seemed.
I couldn’t shake the nervousness I felt in keeping information from these two; one had the power to crush me with his pinky and the other I called my friend. At least I made sure not to make skin contact with Rome. If he noticed my evasiveness, it wasn’t apparent in his demeanor.
At the top floor, Daevan slid the gate open, allowing us to pass by. I could feel the cold, hard stare of his pale green eyes as I made my way to the door.
The twins were waiting in the main area and Ezra was nowhere to be seen.
Daevan walked past me and poured liquid from an unlabeled bottle into a glass cup.
“Here. Drink this,” he said as he handed it to me.
“What is it?” I asked.
“Just drink it. You’re tense. You need to calm down.”
Rome clasped his hand around mine as he brought the cup to his face and smelled it. “Whatever it is, it’s not poison, though it is strong.” He then nodded and shrugged at me to give it a try.
I took a sip. Within seconds I felt an acid like burn down my esophagus. I couldn’t help but cough and fall into Rome.
After another moment, I felt a bit woozy. “Wha—what is this?”
The echo of Rome’s voice surrounded me. “What did you give her?”
“Don’t worry. It’s a mixture of fermented roots and herbs. She’ll be fine.”
“She is clearly not fine.”
“Listen, vampire, I don’t need her tension and fear giving us away. She reeks of it, and Vago will be able to sense her presence before we’ve had a chance to confront him. We don’t need that complication.”
“I’m good, I’m good.” I couldn’t tell if I was verbalizing the words or just saying them in my head.
“You sure?”
With my head rested on Rome’s chest, I nodded. He led me to a couch and assisted me with sitting down.
I could hear the echo of Zazel and Zagan chuckling, and they began to say something in their native, ancient tongue. Whatever it was, they were clearly making fun of me.
“Sorry, I haven’t built up a tolerance to your demon booze,” I said, forcing my wit to come to the surface, despite my inebriation.
“What is going on?” A new voice echoed: it was Ezra.
“Ezra, I think your brother’s drugged me.”
“What did you give her?” He was clearly concerned. He stood before me and put his hand under my chin, lifting my face up.
“She needed to calm down,” said Daevan.
“This is clearly too much for her.” Ezra turned back to me. “I will get you something.” He walked away.
Moments later, he returned with another liquid filled cup.
“Drink this. It will help balance you.”
Without hesitation, I drank.
Once again, I coughed. This time, due to the sheer nastiness of the flavor.
“Oh God, that’s so gross.”
However, it worked. Whatever he gave me took away the dizziness, though the calm feeling the other drink gave me was still there.
“How do you feel?” he asked.
“Better.”
“Good.” He walked away after snapping at Daevan in his native tongue.
Daevan just shook his head and rolled his eyes.
“So what’s the plan? Where is your brother?” I asked.
“We use you as bait.” Zagan seemed to be very matter-of-fact when he spoke. Which left me with the feeling that this was a non-negotiable tactic.
“The hell you will,” Rome said.
“We have to. If we all just show up without notice, he’ll know something is going on,” Zazel added to his brother’s suggestion.
“We’re going to offer you up as his next conquest. It will put him off guard. Once that happens, we’ll subdue him.”
“Is there any way he can harm me before you have a chance to do that?”
“Not unless he senses something is wrong… that’s why I gave you the drink. You can’t be nervous, have any fear… hesitation. As far as he knows, my brothers were able to seduce you and convince you to come along,” Daevan added.
Interesting how he mentioned his brothers and not a collective “we.”
“You have to act like you’re under a spell, do you understand?”
I nodded.
“Very well then.” He looked me up and down. “I supposed you’re dressed appropriate enough.”
“Hey!” I snapped in protest.
“He seems to have taken to women who share your taste in attire.”
With all the current victims piling up, he wasn’t lying.
“Why make me pretend to be under your spell. It’s not like you really need me coherent. You could do it,” I said directly to Daevan. Based on his facial expression, it was the wrong thing to follow up with.
“If things don’t work out, you’re going to need to get out of there as fast as you can. You can’t do that if you want to fuck one of us.”
Whoa. “Okay, calm down. Was just a question.”
Daevan stood up. “Let’s go.”
His brothers immediately obeyed and followed him out into the hall.
Rome and I shared another look.
“Don’t worry. If you need to get out of there fast, I can make that happen.”
I nodded, feeling better about the situation.
As we walked out of the building, I shared my thoughts on the travel arrangements.
“Which presents us with another problem—how are we getting to wherever we’re going?”
Zazel smiled at me.
No sooner did the words leave my mouth, each of them revealed their wings.
Zagan turned to Rome. “Need a lift, vampire?”
“No thank you. I’m not a fan of flying and I will probably be there before the rest of you.” In a flash, Rome was gone.
I nervously looked at each of the brothers.
Zazel and Zagan took off just after Rome, and Ezra soon followed… which left Daevan.
He looked at me for a moment then stepped forward, grabbing and lifting me with him in one fell swoop. “Hold on, Shomeret.”
I quickly locked my arms around his neck and he moved his arms into a more secure position beneath and behind me. I made the mistake of looking down. “Oh God!” I tightened my grip and buried my face in his neck. It was almost as if he nuzzled his face against me which confused me yet put me at ease. “Aren’t you worried about being shot down by Homeland Security or something?”
“In all the years I’ve done this, no one has seen me or my brothers. Relax, Shomeret. You’ll arrive in one piece.”
“Yeah, but will that one piece still be breathing?” My attempt at humor “flew” over his head. But he was correct. He landed with a thud and set me down… there wasn’t a scratch on me. We arrived in a quiet alley alongside his brothers. A crowd of people could be seen up ahead, walking down the street.
As we approached the busy street, I immediately recognized the building on the corner: the Ritz Carlton.
Before I had a chance to comment about it. Daevan spoke up. “My brother has expensive tastes.”
Though I judged Ezra on the area of town he lived in… I reminded myself that he owned the entire building… and who knows what else. They may not have lived in the lap of luxury, but it was clear these guys had money to burn.
“Let’s go.”
It seemed odd that as we walked through the lobby, no one took notice of the Goth girl in the crowd of hunky guys whose minimum height was 6’4”.
“Don’t worry about them,” Daevan said as we continued walking. It was as if he could gauge my every thought.
Was this how they were able to survive as long as they did? Some sort of subterfuge among the public?
Rome was waiting for us at the elevators carrying a flat canvas bag, long in size.
“I told you I’d be here before you,” Rome said as a devious smile crept on his lips.
Daevan clearly wasn’t impressed and Zagan gave Rome a slight grin.
“What’s that?” I asked, referring to the bag.
“It’s the backup plan,” he said while patting it.
We all stepped into the elevator and I felt it shift. “I’m pretty sure these things have a weight limit,” referring to the hulky supernatural men surrounding me.
“We’re fine.” Daevan looked down at me. “It seems the tonic is still holding up. Good.” He pressed the button to the penthouse floor.
“Fancy,” I said, trying to alleviate the awkward silence which followed. As we ascended I couldn’t help but hum “The Girl from Ipanema” to which Rome burst out laughing.
The rest of the crew seemed confused and Daevan’s impatience was growing from the looks of it.
I quickly bit my lip and stopped.
The opening of the elevator doors at the top floor snapped me back to attention. This is it.
As we stepped out, Daevan held his hand to my chest and stopped me. “You’re nervous again.”
“Yeah so—” Before I had a chance to finish, he locked his lips with mine and began kissing me. A flood of thoughts and emotions ran through my mind; none of them nervousness.
The taste of his mouth was sweet, almost like honey, and as I kissed him, I wanted more. It was if I had been traveling through the desert for days and his mouth was a fountain of pristine, cool water.
“She’s good,” I heard Zagan say from behind Daevan.
Daevan broke the kiss but I leaned forward wanting, nay, needing more.
Rome arched a brow at me before his face fell into a devilish grin.
“You need to wait out here,” Daevan said to Rome. “If my brother sees you, he’ll know.”
Rome nodded and looked back at me. “If something goes wrong, I can be there in an instant.”
I nodded.
“Come,” Daevan said as he took my hand.
I was no longer nervous about the situation, but touching Daevan’s hand after that mind blowing kiss was causing other feelings to emerge.
With his free hand, he pulled out a key card an opened the door. Zazel and Zagan walked in first, followed by me, Daevan and Ezra shortly after.
A scent of flowers wafted through the air and everything was set up and decorated to perfection. It actually had me wondering how much planning went into this… or worse, if I could trust the incubi surrounding me.
“Is this the one?” A deep, gravelly voice, echoed from the bedroom as a towering man emerged.
They weren’t kidding about their brother Vago; muscular, dark hair, tan skin, and deep blue eyes. Worse yet, the smell of flowers was immediately replaced by the scent of sulfur. It was overpowering beyond belief. I needed to contain my reaction before I gave myself away.
He stepped forward, his expression flat, unimpressed by my presence. He had a good four inches on Daevan, and despite his good looks, I could only see the ugliness from the fact that he was a murdering rapist.
“She’ll do,” he said as he lifted his massive hand and brought it to my cheek.
I could have been insulted by his low brow way of addressing me, however, I didn’t want to chance cluing him in to what was about to go down.
“Undress her and bring her to the bedroom.” His orders were spoken in a stern, yet calm voice. He turned and walked back to the other room.
I looked at Daevan and gave a quick shake of my head, my eyes pleading him not to obey.
Before now, I hadn’t seen any emotions coming from Daevan other than anger and dominance, but this time, he genuinely looked disturbed by what his brother had asked of him.
He leaned down and whispered in my ear. “Trust me.”
I closed my eyes for a moment and nodded.
“Go.” He motioned for his brothers to prepare themselves as he gently moved his hands over my corset.
Apparently patience wasn’t Vago’s strong suit. Surprise, surprise. He walked back out of the bedroom. “What’s taking so long?”
“We’re doing this right,” Daevan said, still focusing on me.
“There’s no time for that.” Vago rushed over and grabbed my wrist, dragging me back to the bedroom. I couldn’t help but go into a panic.
“Let go of me!” I struggled to break from his grasp.
“What’s this? Why isn’t she ready?” He was instantly angered.
“You need to calm down. You’ve been drawing too much attention to our kind and breaking the rules.”
“Father’s rules. I have no need of such things. Was this a ploy?” He guffawed. “No matter. I sense strength in this one. There’s no doubt she’ll bear me a son.” He continued dragging me into the bedroom. I could hear Daevan’s protests from outside the room as Vago lifted me and tossed me on the bed. “Undress yourself, quickly, or you’ll find your garments ripped to shreds.”
If there was a good a time as any to stop Vago, this would be it.
He slipped off his charcoal V-neck and crawled toward me on the bed. I scooched back into the headboard, trying to resist as much as possible.
“Why aren’t you giving yourself to me, girl?” As if the prospect was insulting. He had a point. Ezra seemed to have this air about him whenever he stood too close. Since drinking whatever tonics were provided to me by his brothers, it seemed that Vago’s ability had no effect on me.
Like a predator, he slowly came up, using his massive mitts to push my legs open in the process. A loud noise bellowed from the doorway as Daevan lunged himself onto Vago, tackling him to the floor. Zagan and Zazel soon followed in the same action, trying to pin their brother down.
“Get her out of here!” Daevan cried out.
Ezra grabbed me and threw me over his shoulder as he ran into the main room.
A loud crash then repeated thuds could be heard from the bedroom seconds before Vago came charging out after Ezra.
Ezra threw me into the couch and turned around, trying to hold Vago back.
Daevan stumbled out of the bedroom, bleeding from his arm and seemingly in a daze. He made a grab for Vago, but not before Vago threw Ezra across the room. It was almost impossible to comprehend this one creature flinging the others as if they were confetti.
Vago managed to break free from Daevan’s grip once more and charged towards me. “You’ll pay!”
“Literally or figuratively? Because there’s no way I could afford the repairs on this place.” Despite my fear, my wit was on full throttle.
He growled as he grabbed my hips, pulling me off the couch. “Your little trinket won’t save you from me either.”
I looked down and saw that my necklace had turned black… but what did he mean about it saving me?
From behind me, there was a loud crash as Rome charged through the door—wood splintering out in all directions. In his hand, a large axe. It didn’t look like a normal axe either.
“A vampire?” Vago asked as he dropped me back onto the couch. “This will be such fun. I haven’t killed a vampire since the Middle Ages.” It was then I saw it; the wings, the claws, the glowing orange eyes. Vago had fully transformed. A loud, guttural roar erupted from him as he jumped on the coffee table, using it to propel himself onto my friend.
Rome cried out as Vago’s claws slashed into him and he dropped the axe as a result.
With the rest of the incubi brothers out of commission, Rome was my last hope. It didn’t take long for Vago to beat him into a bloody pulp either. And with that I felt rage… a burning rage.
Vago finally dropped Rome’s body to the ground and faced me. “Now it’s your turn, girl.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Daevan and Ezra starting to come to. Without wasting another moment, I hopped over the arm of the couch, reaching for the axe Rome had dropped.
Vago caught me in the act and lifted me by the throat, pinning me against the wall. “And what did you think you were going to do with that axe, mortal?”
I growled through his chokehold. “Who said I was mortal?” It was if a rush of power electrified every nerve in my body. I summoned up all my strength and pushed against his chest, sending him flying across the room. In the same motion, I picked up the axe at my feet and flung it horizontally toward him—without a care for aim. It was almost as if everything was happening in slow motion: Vago’s body slamming into the wall mere milliseconds before the axe lodged itself into the same wall, severing his head in the process.
The look on his face was Kodak worthy as his head tumbled off the axe and fell next to Daevan’s feet.
I stood there, my body shaking… as if I had run a marathon without stopping once.
Daevan stood up and cautiously approached me; Ezra soon followed.
“Rome,” I said to Ezra, my voice wavering. “Help him.”
A commotion could be heard from the hall as both Nicki and Elliot ran up to the broken door, peering in with guns to the ready.
“Onyx,” Elliot called out, “are you alright?”
I couldn’t speak anymore. In fact, the world around me began to dim out. In the distance, I could hear a baby crying.
Then… black.
Chapter 9



Onyx



The sound of a crackling fire, the feel of sateen sheets caressing my skin, and a warm body pressing against mine is what I woke up to. I opened my eyes to see Daevan looking at me, almost lovingly as he ran the back of his fingertips against my cheek.
“How do you feel?” he asked.
Was what I experienced a dream? Was this a dream? Was I dead?
“I don’t know.” I sat up and looked around—I was in unfamiliar surroundings. “Where are we?”
“My place.”
“How have I not been here already?”
He sat up with me. “Because I rarely bring anyone here… not even my brothers.”
I peered under the sheet and glanced to his naked torso. “Did we… did I—”
“No. I was just healing you. This time it took a lot more.”
“I don’t understand… what happened?”
“I was hoping you could tell me that, Shomeret.”
As he moved, the sheet shifted. I gripped it close as to not reveal any naughty bits.
He brought his hand to mine. “You needn’t worry about exposing yourself. I don’t operate like the others.”
“I don’t understand, you’re an incubus.”
“There’s something you don’t know about us… something we generally don’t speak of.” He leaned back against the headboard and gestured for me to rest on his chest.
“Um… go on?” I followed his lead.
“My brothers and I do not share the same mother… and it explains a lot about how we are and what makes us different from each other… as I’m sure you’ve noticed.”
“Yeah, I kind of did actually.” I brought my hand to his chest and he met mine with his, gently tracing it with his fingers.
“I’m not quite sure of Vago’s mother, but Ezra’s mother was a succubus and a powerful one at that. He has the ability to seduce those of both genders. He also has a hard time controlling his essence of attraction.”
“He said it’s because he hasn’t been properly trained.”
“It’s not just the training and control—he’s more powerful in that respect. Zazel and Zagan were born to a human woman—one who my father stayed with until her death.”
“What about you?” I looked up at him.
“Compared to my other brothers… I’m broken. My mother was a healer—a shaman. For some reason, her abilities over took those of my fathers… I do not function as a normal incubus. I have no abilities to seduce a woman. And even if I did, I couldn’t do anything about it.”
“Come on,” I said in disbelief. “You kissed me and I was ready to tear your clothes off.”
He chuckled. It was the first time I’d seen him smile. “Let’s just say, when a mortal man has this problem… he takes pills.”
I furrowed my brows and sat up, this time disregarding the sheet. “You can’t get it up… or?”
“That and I don’t have lustful attractions… to anyone.”
“Yikes. That must suck.”
“I suppose so. I guess you could say I don’t know what I’m missing because I’ve never experienced it.” He paused and took my hand, bringing it to his lips. “What I do is heal. I can sense emotion, like the others, but that’s about it.”
After a few moments of silence, another thought occurred to me. “I must be nuts because before I passed out, I could swear I heard a baby crying.”
“That you did—my nephew.”
“So there was a baby. We thought it might not have survived.”
He sat up and narrowed his eyes at me. “Who’s ‘we’? You knew and you said nothing?”
I could hear the anger in his voice. “Please, don’t get worked up. I wasn’t sure if I could tell you… or how… or what? I have no idea about these things.”
It was clear he was fuming but it quickly began to subside. “You shouldn’t keep such things from me.”
“So what happens to him?”
“I don’t know. I’m still deciding. Right now he and my brothers are at Ezra’s.”
“Shouldn’t you be with them?”
“Yes, but I’m here.”
I said nothing in return. Instead, I got lost in his eyes… but as I did so, more was starting to come back to me.
“Rome… is he alright?”
“Yes, Ezra took care of him. He is fine.”
“What happened after I passed out?”
“I suppose I should start around the time I came to….”



Daevan
(8 hours earlier)



I awoke just in time to see Onyx throw my brother across the room with a strength which rivaled my own. Before I had a chance to react, an axe came flying through the air after him.
The look in Onyx’s golden eyes was detached.
Vago’s head falling to my feet caused me to shift backward. Could this really be happening?
I stood up in time to see the two detectives rushing into the room. If I were to be angry at their presence, it would have to wait in line behind my reaction to what I had just witnessed. Was the hunter within her now waking from its quiet slumber? Ezra moved toward Onyx.
“Rome,” she said to Ezra, “help him.”
“Onyx, are you alright?” The male detective walked through the shattered door frame, holstering his weapon. Whatever energy she used to perform her previous actions seemed to now take their toll.
With each second that passed, Onyx looked less and less able to hold herself up.
From the other room, I could hear a baby crying. The sound drew everyone’s attention… everyone except Onyx, who suddenly collapsed. Ezra barely caught her in time.
I rushed to the adjacent bedroom to see a bassinet resting on the bed. Carefully, I stepped toward it, peering inside. In it was, in fact, a baby. I immediately knew… Vago had a child. For the first time in thousands of years—a baby.
The baby’s cries ceased as soon as I picked him up.
“Everything okay in there?” I heard the detective call out.
With the baby in my arms, I walked back to the main room. The scenery had changed some; Onyx was resting flat on the couch and Ezra was feeding Rome his blood. Such a scene would typically have caused me to reel in disgust, but if it wasn’t for the vampire, we’d all probably be dead right now. My other brothers quickly emerged from the other bedroom and were taken aback by the horror show to which they entered.
“Vago?” Zazel said, looking down at the severed head of my brother.
“I’m afraid so.”
“Did you—”
I shook my head no.
He narrowed his eyes at the baby in my hands.
“I believe this is our nephew, Vago’s son.”
Zagan rushed over to examine the newborn.
Ezra, having finished with Rome, did the same.
“How?” Ezra asked.
“One of those women… I suppose.”
“So it did survive,” said the detective. “You’re going to need to give a statement of some kind. The entire department is on the lookout for this baby.”
“You’re going to have to make it go away, detective. This child is not leaving our side.” I looked around. “There’s no way to explain any of this either.”
“He’s right.” The female detective, Nicki, spoke. “We need to find another way to explain all of this.” She turned to me. “It’s probably best you take the baby and leave.”
“Fine. If you’re going to do that, you need to take Rome and Onyx as well. They can’t be here when the others arrive,” Elliot added.
“How did you know we were here?” I asked him.
“When Onyx didn’t call me, I had my suspicions… so I tracked her phone. Detective Alcott did the rest.”
“Yes… the werewolf,” I said.
Nicki gave a quick glance to her partner before looking at me.
“Perhaps I should not have said anything.”
“It’s alright,” she said.
“Ezra, take Rome to your hotel.” I gently handed the baby to Zazel. “You two go with him.” I looked back to the detectives. “I’ll take Onyx. She needs to be healed.”
Onyx’s almost lifeless body in my arms was causing me great concern. Once more, I was carrying her to a destination, though this time, she wasn’t holding on to me for dear life. Feeling her lips against my neck before had been soothing, comforting even—but now, nothing.
When I realized there could be nothing more between us, I felt the familiar sting of disappointment. I was starting to grow quite fond of her.
She clung to whatever energy was left within her as I set her down on my bed. I undressed myself before undressing her and sliding under the covers. Healing her this time would be more intense than before and would take much longer.
As my energy exchanged with hers, I stroked her long black hair and traced her full crimson lips with my thumb. Finally, the color in her pale face was starting to come back. With all things magical in nature, there is a cost. The intensity of her ailments exhausted me. I leaned over and gave her a gentle kiss on the lips before falling asleep at her side.



Onyx



“What’s his name?”
“Hm?”
“Your nephew. Did Vago give him a name?”
“If he did, I wasn’t told about it—nor did I see anything in the hotel room referring to his son.” Daevan sighed and relaxed back into the bed.
“Well you all seem to have odd names. Are you going to follow that pattern or name him something normal, like Bob?”
He chuckled. “No. I was thinking of naming him after his father.”
“So, Vago Jr.?”
He looked at me and smiled. “No. Just Vago.”
“You mentioned something earlier about mothers. Will Vago be like his father?”
“Yes. His mother was one of those human girls, and my brother was the strongest of us all. He was a match for my father at times. There’s no doubt his son will be a powerful incubus when he’s older.”
“So this is the question of nature versus nurture. I really hope he doesn’t turn out like his father.”
“He won’t. I’ll make sure of it. Even so, Vago was not always that way… it was only recently he’d gone down a dark path.” He looked away in thought. “Vago was strong and fierce, but caring as well. When he looked at me tonight, I saw none of that.”
“Any idea on why the change?”
“No.”
Another bout of silence deafened the room.
“What time is it?”
He reached over and grabbed his phone. “It’s almost six AM.”
I lay back down on his chest and wrapped my arm around him. “What does it feel like when I touch you?”
“It’s a pleasant feeling, but I’m not aroused by it.”
The response saddened me.
“If I wasn’t broken, I’d have a different answer for you.”
I looked up at him. “You aren’t broken. If you weren’t who you are, I’d probably be dead right now… or in a hospital. I hate hospitals.”
“So a hospital is worse than death?”
A quick image of my mother flashed through my mind. “Yes.” Another thought popped in my mind. “Your brother said something about my necklace. My aunt gave it to me and it turns black on occasion. When your brother was close to me, it changed. He mentioned something about it not being able to save me. Do you know why?”
He reached down and lifted the amulet which was now green. “I’m afraid he took that answer to his grave.”
I sighed.
His fingers ran through my hair. “You need to train those skills of yours or you might find yourself in another predicament.”
“Rome has been helping me with that. He has a whole library of books… and tools.”
“I know. The axe. It is especially dangerous to my brothers and me.”
“Because it chops off heads?”
“Yes but no; it’s made of iron. We couldn’t even touch it to remove it from the wall.”
“I guess I’ll have to ask Rome more about it.” I continued to stroke the skin of his side with the tips of my fingers. “Your skin feels weird. It’s soft but… firm.”
“It’s how we’re made to be.”
“You’re also warmer than a normal person… like you’ve been sitting in the sun for hours.”
“Perhaps it is why we’re immune to fire.”
I sat up again and looked at him. “Really?”
He nodded.
“What does it feel like?”
“I suppose the same way room temperature feels to you.”
“So iron is your Kryptonite?”
“What?”
“Nothing, never mind.” I rested my head back on his chest. “I suppose I should head home soon and find out what’s going on with Elliot.”
“You can stay. My brothers aren’t expecting me until tonight.”
If only we could occupy that time with something pleasurable. “I’d like to sleep for a few more hours, if that’s alright.”
“Of course.”
“May I ask something else?”
“Of course.”
“Why did you kiss me?”
“I sensed your tension and your desire for me. I figured it was the only way to calm you down.”
“It worked.”
“I know.” He kissed the top of my head and I fell fast asleep.



****



“I swear you’re better than a taxi. I should just call you when I need a literal lift somewhere.”
He gave a quiet laugh as he set me down on the stone walkway just in front of my porch. Thankfully, no one was around to see the abrupt landing.
“Seriously, how is it that you get away with flying to and fro?”
“Incubi are only seen when we want to be seen.”
“I get it… I think.” I was still a bit confused.
“So this is your home?”
I glanced back at my house. “Yup.”
“It’s quite lovely.”
“Thanks. I don’t think anything will convince me to sell it or move.”
“And why would you? There’s a strong enchantment surrounding it.”
I turned around, this time facing it full on. “What? How do you know?”
“I told you. I can sense things. It’s like a hazy glow. Probably to prevent harm from coming to you. You didn’t know?”
“No.” I observed each angle, trying to catch a glimpse of the “haze” he was referring to.
“It’s time for me to speak with my brothers and decide the future of our remaining in this city.”
I spun around. “You’re leaving?”
“I’m not sure.” He smiled. “Why? Want me to stay?”
Yes. “Why not?”
“We’ll see.” His leathery black wings popped out, this time in the full view of daylight, as I watched him fly up in the air and finally into the distance.
Once I got inside, my first call was to Elliot.
“This is Detective Stevens.”
“Elliot?”
“Onyx? Thank God you’re alright.”
“Yeah. Daevan took good care of me.”
There was a beat of silence on his end. “I see. And how are you feeling?”
“Great. I’m back at home.”
“Do you want me to stop by?”
“No. I’m probably going to open the shop for the day… get my mind off things. Listen, I was calling to find out what happened after we left. Everything in the clear? No questions?”
“I’m still working that out. The only person who knows the truth about what happened is Sergeant Longbear. We’re trying to chalk up the violence to a rowdy rock band who destroyed the penthouse suite though no one at the front desk remembers checking anyone into that room at all.”
Based on what Daevan told me, how could they? “Interesting.”
“Very. There’s nothing we can do about the BOLO for the infant, I’m sorry. But as luck would have it, there’s no real description and they aren’t about to scour the city for random babies. It’ll just get filed in the missing persons report.”
“I suppose the families of those women won’t get any real closure.”
“I’m afraid not. Tell your friends to lie low for a bit… at least a few weeks until this blows over. So long as no more bodies turn up, we should be good. Okay?”
“Yeah. Anyway. I’ve gotta shower and head to the store. I’ll catch you later?”
“Of course… and Onyx?”
“Yes?”
“I think we need to talk at some point, don’t you?”
“Yeah. We do. Talk to you in a bit.” I hung up.
It was as if the encounter between Elliot and I was now a faded memory. Daevan seemed to occupy my thoughts these days. Of course I’d be attracted to the one guy I could never be with.
“Typical Onyx,” I muttered to myself as I stepped into the shower.
Chapter 10



Onyx



“You’re late,” Frank said as soon as I stepped into the store.
“Shut it. I had a ridiculously long night.”
“You seem to have a lot of those these days.”
Lisbeth came in moments later.
“Looks like I’m not the only one who woke up late,” I said.
“Sorry. I was at Ezra’s all night. He had me come over after everything calmed down. I met his nephew.” She smiled. “Such a cute baby. I couldn’t put him down all night.”
“Did he tell you what happened?”
She nodded. “Are you okay? They hadn’t heard back from Daevan when I left this morning.”
“I’m fine.”
“I heard you went all ‘warrior princess’ and chopped off Vago’s head.”
“What?!” Frank’s voice bellowed out from the old TV.
“It was different… I can tell you that much.” I walked over to the cashier counter and powered on the store’s computer.
Lisbeth walked to the front of the counter and leaned over it. “So Ezra told me I’m his soulmate.” She gave me the giddiest grin I’d ever seen.
“Really, now?”
“He wants to do some ritual to bind us in spirit.”
I furrowed my brow at her. “And do you think that’s a good idea? I mean you’ve barely known the guy a week.”
She shrugged. “When you know, you know.”
“Ain’t that the truth.”
“Not helping, Frank,” I snapped. “If it’s something you really want, I support your decision.”
“Good. Because it’s happening tonight.”
“Wait, what?” The rapidly evolving situation brought me to attention.
“Yeah. I hope you’re not mad.”
“No… just… worried. This is a little fast. Explain what this entails… like what are the consequences of doing something like this?”
“We’re just bound… as soulmates. It means he’ll never search out another woman to be with so long as I’m around.”
In the grand scheme of things, I guess it didn’t matter. He would continue to exist after Lisbeth and I were no longer around. The thought had me depressed for a moment.
“You okay?”
I snapped back to it. “Yeah, fine. No. You’re right. Go for it. We only have one life, might as well have fun with it.”
The reality of me almost getting torn to pieces by Vago was starting to sink in as well. Another existential moment: two in one week.
“I heard Daevan carried you off like a romance novel hero.”
“Yeah right. More like brought me from the edge of death… or something. I woke up naked. And before you ask, nothing happened… not that it could.”
She gave me a look.
“Long, long story. Anyway, let’s get to work. I have two deliveries worth of stock in the back that needs to get put on the shelves. We’ve been slacking.”
“Right-o, boss.”
Thankfully, the rest of the day was quiet and my attention was solely focused on dodging all the questions Frank had for me. With every answer came another question about my abilities and if I was going to chop off more heads anytime soon.



****



“Think I can take off early?” Lisbeth asked.
I checked the time on the computer: it was nearly eight.
“Yeah, sure.”
“Thanks.” She moved to leave but I grabbed her hand.
“You sure you want to do this?”
She nodded. “Don’t worry about me. I’m actually looking forward to it. Apparently his brothers have to assist.”
“Whoa. What kind of demonic sex orgy is this?”
“It’s not like that. It’s something to do with binding something or another. I have no idea. Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.”
I could never tell if Lisbeth was genuinely okay with everything or if she put up a good front. Either way, I was convinced. “Okay.” I let go of her hand and watched as she happily skipped out the front door.
“You know—”
“Don’t say a damn thing, Frank.”
“Got it.”
It wasn’t long after Lisbeth’s departure that I decided to close up shop and leave as well. I couldn’t allow myself to be distracted by would-be customers if something went wrong and Lisbeth needed me.
Perhaps she was right? Maybe it was something simple like a chant or a hand fasting and not some mutilation fuck fest I could only imagine in my deepest, darkest thoughts.
Now that everything was over with, I figured it would be time to text George. If anything, to let him know about the cute M.E. he might be interested in. I had been ignoring his texts for days and since Awakening had closed permanently since the last murder, he was bored and looking to get into trouble.
George: There’s always Echoes if you just want to hang around and watch people have sex. Some of the Awakening regulars hang out there on off-nights.
Onyx: Ugh. I already know way too much about that place and what goes on there.
George: I’ve heard rumors about this invite-only underground speak-easy type place. 
Problem is, no one knows the address unless they’ve received an invite.
Onyx: Hm. I might know someone who can get us in if it does exist. He’s got his finger on the pulse of the club scene.
George: Girl you know everybody.
My text session was interrupted by a knock at my door.
Daevan was standing on the other side looking more handsome than usual.
Great, as if being around him wasn’t difficult enough.
“Hey,” I said as I opened the door.
“Hello, Onyx.”
“You’re lucky I’m here. I came home early.” I motioned for him to come inside.
“I would have called but as much as I’m around the devices, I still prefer to speak in person than on the phone.”
“I get it. Want some tea?” I paused. “Do you… drink tea?”
“As a matter of fact I do. I have quite a few varieties at home. Most of them have spiritual purposes.”
“You mean hallucinogenic purposes.” I gave him a wicked grin.
“Something like that.”
He followed me as I walked into the kitchen. Normally my guests have a seat in the living room, but I suppose he was no ordinary guest.
As I filled the kettle and set it on the stove, he watched my every move.
“Don’t worry,” I said, taking notice, “I’m not going to poison you.”
“I enjoy watching you, is that alright?”
His words struck a chord. It was like he was seducing me without actually doing it. “Um, can I ask you something?”
“Of course.”
“Why the sudden change in mood. After all that’s gone down, I can’t imagine I’m someone you’d want to be around… given what I am and what I’ve done.”
“I saw something in you. But you’re right. I miss my brother and it’s quite difficult for me not to have him around. We’ve spent more years together than you can fathom… however, the individual I once knew was long gone. I just hope he’s at peace now.” He stepped closer. “And I don’t think you’re a threat to my brothers or me, or my nephew.”
It seemed like more of a statement than a question. “Of… of course not. Still, whatever happened last night—I can’t see it happening again. I don’t even know what happened—” The sound of the kettle squealing drew my attention away. There wasn’t much room for me to turn around with him being so close and as soon as I did, he put his hands on my shoulders. I tried to disregard it as I pulled the kettle off the fire and set in the loose-leaf jasmine tea.
“You’re nervous.”
Duh. “You’re close.”
“Does that bother you?”
It did and it didn’t. I couldn’t be sure if he was trying to intimidate me or garner some lustful attraction from me. Instead of trying to break it down in my head, I spun around. “Why are you here, exactly?”
He backed away some. “I wanted to inform you that I will be leaving Philadelphia.”
“Oh.” Why was I saddened by this?
“You’ll be happy to know Ezra is staying… to be with Lisbeth.”
“Oh yeah… about that. I thought you were helping them with some… ritual.”
“Only one brother needs to assist. Since Zagan and Zazel don’t do anything without the other, they both volunteered to stay.” He tilted his head. “Did she tell you what it entails?”
“Not exactly.”
“It’s a binding ritual. It connects every incubus within a hundred miles in order for one to bind souls with a mate of their choice.”
“Uh… so how many is that?”
“As far as I know, just my brothers and I… you needn’t worry.”
“Um… okay.” I moved my hands behind me, gripping the counter top.
“For a short while, I’ll be connected with my brothers. I should really leave before that happens. I just needed to see you before I left.”
“Why leave at all?”
“It’s time for me to move on. As for right now, well… I feel what they feel, each of our abilities combine and flow through us. I’m afraid it can sometimes get violent for those involved.”
I was instantly nervous. “But what about Lisbeth?”
“You know your friend isn’t just a mortal, right?”
“Yeah, um… Ezra mentioned something about fae?”
“That is correct, a water sprite to be exact.”
I arched a brow in confusion. “I don’t think I’m familiar…”
He smiled. “That’s another reason I stopped by.” He produced an old book, almost out of thin air. “To give you this.”
“Whoa… what the hell? How did you do that?”
“Something I picked up over the years. There’s a lot more in this world than you could imagine… and this should help you get started. I can’t imagine Rome has this in his collection either.”
“Oh great,” I said as I took it. “It’s not written in some dead language is it?” I quickly looked up realizing what I said could be construed as rude. “I’m sorry. I mean thank you.”
“No.” He gave a quiet laugh. “I’ve gone the extra step and made sure the pages will show in any language you wish… it might be a good way to learn them as well.”
“How?”
“Just say the language.”
“Spanish.” Nothing happened. “Hm. Español?” It turned each word on the first page to Spanish.
“Hm. I suppose I didn’t account for that.” He reached for the book, but I pulled away and held it against my chest.
“No, it’s fine. It’s a good way for me to expand my learning.” I smiled. “Really… thank you.”
“You’re welcome, Shomeret.”
I held the book in front of me. “English.” It went back to its original state. “So what’s in here, exactly?” I asked as I flipped through the pages.
“Information about certain creatures who might not be in your other books. Many of them haven’t been seen or heard about in centuries, millennia even.”
I flipped to water sprites. It seemed their skin was impenetrable and they had the ability to control water and quench fires. “Having been known throughout the ages as tricksters, water sprites will often reward those they play with, with herbs and flowers.” I laughed. “Modern day Hare Krishna.”
“What?”
“Nothing, just some weird cult that was big in the seventies. Anyway. I’m going to put this upstairs in my trunk. I can show you some of the other things my aunt left behind if you’d like.”
“I would be honored.”
He explored the rest of the attic while I opened the old wooden trunk Aunt Belinda had given me. I’d spent years studying each page of every book inside it. “Here,” I said.
Daevan knelt beside me while reaching in and pulling out one of the old journals. He thumbed through the pages. “For what it’s worth, these are pretty detailed.”
“But they only categorize maybe a few dozen types of supernatural creatures. You’re not even in there.”
“I can’t imagine we would be. Like I told you, it’s rare we allow ourselves to be noticed or seen.” In the next second, the journal fell from his hands and he stared forward, a vacant look crept in his eyes.
“Are you alright?”
There wasn’t an immediate response.
I hesitantly touched his shoulder. “Daevan?”
He continued to look forward. “I’m afraid I must leave.”
“Why?”
“They are starting the ritual.”
“Oh. I mean if you’re worried about me, I can just leave the room. You’re welcome to stay… I’m not afraid.” I stood and helped him up.
He quickly fell back to his knees and lifted his eyes to me, they had an orangey-yellow glow, not unlike Vago’s had before he’d lashed out at me. “You should be.”
“Do you feel like you want to kill me or something?” My eyes widened with worry.
“No… something else.” His voice deepened slightly and he looked to the floor. He moved his hands forward in an effort to keep himself propped up. The way he bent his knuckles was almost as if he was trying to grip the wood beneath his fingertips.
I kneeled back down and put my hand to his shoulders. “It’s okay. I’m not going to leave you. Just tell me what’s happening—what are you feeling right now?”
“Everything. Ezra… Zazel… Zagan….” He dropped a bit with a grunt before looking up again. His eyes were brighter in luminescence. In the next motion, he lifted himself back to his knees and grabbed my shoulders, bringing me close.
Whatever panic and fear I experienced before was replaced with lustful attraction… not unlike the brief feeling I had while in the presence of Ezra the first day I met him. In fact, this was working tenfold.
“I can’t stop.” The words rolled out of his mouth in a seductive whisper just before he brought his lips to mine, fiercely kissing me and forcing his tongue in to meet with mine.
I broke the kiss for a brief moment. “I thought you couldn’t—”
“I can… now?” It was as if something had taken over him. He once again locked his lips with mine, his hands tearing off my bodice and shirt below it.
Well there goes that top.
Half expecting my bra to also get destroyed in the process, I was surprised when he instead moved his hand to his own chest, tearing off his shirt then his pants. At this point, I noticed claws protruding where his nails should have been. I looked down and realized my mistake of letting it get this far when I saw what he was packing under those pants—something which rivaled the size of some of the toys I sold in my store labeled, “for pro’s only.”
The nervous feeling returned as that same hand moved over my opaque thigh highs and under my black mini skirt.
“Uh,” I said with a muffled sound through our kiss.
His claws ripped the lace of my panties as he tore them from my body. In his next move, he pushed me down to the wood floor beneath us and pinned me down with his body. He broke the kiss and looked at me as if he was trying to resist.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” his words came out like a gritty whisper.
“Then don’t.” What more was there to say?
The movement in his chest quickened as he pulled his hands back then slammed them into the floor on either side of me, his claws digging in as deep as they could.
I gasped at the action.
Within seconds, I heard the attic door fly open with a slam against the wall next to it.
“Onyx!” It was Rome. A look of sheer terror was plastered on his face.
“It’s okay!” I called out, trying to prevent any violence coming from this encounter.
“I can’t keep my hands here for much longer,” Daevan said.
And idea popped in my head. “Rome… come here… get behind me.”
He hesitantly stepped forward.
“Take off any article of clothing you don’t want getting destroyed,” I added.
Rome pulled off his black shirt and slid behind me, lifting me up. “Should I even ask?”
“I’ll explain later.”
Between my own warmth and the heat coming off Daevan, Rome’s cool skin against my bare back was a welcoming sensation.
Daevan released his grip from the splintered wood beneath his claws. “I’m sorry,” he said through his teeth as he tore into Rome’s back with his next action.
Rome cried out, his arms gripped around me tighter. “What the fuck did I just sign up for, Onyx?” he asked. I could hear the pain in his voice.
With Daevan’s arms encasing both of us, he pulled us into him, his legs pushing mine apart. His mouth moving to my neck in an almost biting kiss and to my surprise, he leaned even further over my shoulder and began kissing Rome… who quickly seemed just as enthralled with Daevan’s presence as I was.
The action reminded me of our earlier conversation about Daevan being connected with his brothers and Ezra being able to seduce and attract men as well as women. Either way, I’m sure Rome didn’t mind it at all, despite razor sharp claws ripping into his back.
Daevan moved back to my lips, this time the aggressiveness slightly lessened. “I don’t think I can hold out anymore.”
“Do it,” I said. Was it really me saying those words?
With his body weight, he pushed me back into Rome as he slowly worked his massive erection inside me. Perhaps I was more turned on than I realized? Though a tight fit, he was able to push at least halfway in before I shrieked.
“You know how people say if you complain about a headache, have someone kick you in the shins and you’ll forget about your headache?” Rome asked.
“Um… what? Yeah… I guess. Why?” I asked, the words barely escaping through my teeth.
“Onyx, I need to feed.”
I instantly knew what he was getting at. “Go for it,” I said. Boy, am I going to regret this.
He bit down into my neck just as Daevan pushed himself all the way in, muffling my cries with another passionate kiss.
Luckily Rome’s feeding session was brief. He bit his own lip and kissed my neck to help heal the wounds he created. Even after they were healed, the kissing didn’t stop. I didn’t mind. It was a calming feeling compared to the intensity of my having sex with a more than well-endowed demon. I was actually surprised at how well I was putting up with it.
Whatever pain I felt quickly subsided with each thrust and two gorgeous men kissing me at the same time. Cries turned into moans and I felt Daevan release his grip, most likely freeing Rome in the process.
Rome moved his hands over to Daevan’s and gripped them. It was if shocks were being sent through his body. His eyes closed. “How can you contain such passion?” The words came out more like a moan. It seemed like Rome was using his ability on him and I could only imagine what he was feeling based on Daevan’s connection with his other brothers.
Despite the transfer of energy going on between Rome and Daevan, Daevan was still fucking me relentlessly and I was enjoying every second of it.
“I need to know what you taste like,” Rome said, biting into Daevan’s wrist, barely giving him a chance to respond.
To my surprise, he didn’t object. Instead, he waited until Rome was finished and began kissing him again. I had to admit, just watching them in an intimate embrace turned me on more than anything. If anyone had told me a month ago, that I’d be sandwiched between a vampire and an incubus in a sexy, supernatural three-way, I’d have asked them to pass the crack pipe.
This was sheer bliss. Rome was clearly resisting the urge to demand his turn, probably due to the boundaries I’d set when we first met. But with each passing moment, I was beginning to change my stance on the matter.
I broke their kiss with my lips, switching between Daevan and Rome.
Something flared up in Daevan. The aggressiveness with which he had begun was starting to resurface. The claws at the end of his fingers increased in length and his black, leathery wings popped out; the expanse of them knocking over some of the stacked boxes in the attic.
“I’m sorry, Rome,” he growled as he gripped into the flesh of Rome’s back.
Again, Rome cried out.
Daevan continued to pump in and out of me and after another few minutes, a growl-like moan resonated through his body. His back arched, his wings expanded even further as he came deep inside me. Whatever it was, I felt a burning hot rush of liquid shoot inside. In my experience, it was hotter than normal… perhaps because of what he was.
He finally relaxed and fell on top of me, which caused me to fall back into Rome, who collapsed onto the floor beneath him. All of us lay panting in one hot mess of supernatural sexuality.
I rolled my eyes up, trying to catch a glimpse of Rome. “You okay?”
He lifted his hand to my view and gave me a silent thumbs up before letting it fall to the floor beside him.
I ran my fingers through the long, thick mess of Daevan’s hair. “You still with me, Daevan?”
He had no response, but the movement of him between my legs told me that he might have been crying. I sat up, bringing him with me. Though his talon-like claws were now retracted and his wings collapsed, resting on either side of him, his eyes remained in their fierce glow. This time with tears welled up and dripping down his cheeks. If what he told me was true… everything about this experience was completely foreign to him.
I leaned forward and gave him a light kiss on the lips.
“I still feel them,” he said.
“Why are you crying?” I whispered.
“Because of the beauty of this… all of this… you. Things I’ve never had because I came into this world broken.”
“Don’t say that.” I smiled at him. “You’re amazing. You have a kind, caring heart beneath that hard exterior of yours.” I wiped away his tears. “And now you’re going to be an amazing uncle and provider to that nephew of yours.”
His eyes grew distant for a moment.
“What is it?” I asked.
“The connection… it’s fading.” He looked at me again. I could tell it pained him. “I don’t want it to go. I don’t want to let you go.”
For some reason, those words struck me the hardest. The last thing I needed was to lose it and make the whole situation worse for everyone involved. Still, I couldn’t help it. I felt the waterworks coming. Without wasting another moment, I kissed him… so that he might feel whatever he was missing still, if only for a few seconds more.
He broke the kiss. “It’s gone now.” His demeanor went back into a more serious one and he stood up, the tattered remnants of his clothes falling off his body in the process. He looked down at me and held out his hand. As I stood up, I felt a rush of dizziness and my legs buckling from under me. His hands quickly went around my waist, stabilizing me. “Are you alright?”
I nodded.
Rome stood up and walked over to where he’d thrown his shirt. Even though his wounds were now self-healing, streams of blood remained on his back.
“Do you want to shower?” I asked him.
“No, I’m fine. I’ll be downstairs.” Rome gave me a hardened glance before leaving the attic.
Once he was down the stairs, I took Daevan’s hand. “I’ll take you to my bedroom so you can lie down. You look exhausted.”
“Alright.”
His steps grew sluggish and heavy. With the way he crashed onto the bed, it was lucky he didn’t collapse in the hallway. I watched his chest rising and falling for a few moments then grabbed a t-shirt, throwing it on before walking downstairs. I made sure to grip the railing with each step. I still felt “weak in the knees” so-to-speak.
“What’s up?” I asked, before realizing the can of worms it presented.
“I just came over to check on you. You weren’t answering your phone.”
“Oh yeah… I think it’s in the kitchen.” I looked over in that direction.
“Was that—” He looked up at the stairs. “Was that planned?”
“It’s a little difficult to explain… but let’s just say I didn’t expect anything like that to happen—ever.”
“I suppose we can talk about it another time.” He slid on his jacket. “Ezra told me what happened after I woke up.”
I didn’t know how to respond.
“I guess we can add that to the list of things we need to talk about later on.”
I nodded. “Rome?”
“Yes, my dear?”
I leaned forward and gave him a kiss on the lips. “Goodnight.”
He smiled. It could have been one of his trademark wicked smiles, but I’m sure the events of the evening had taken some kind of toll on him. “Goodnight.”
I locked the door behind him and went back upstairs.
Daevan was lying in my bed, hands folded behind his head, and staring at the ceiling. I removed the rest of my clothes and joined him.
He put his arm around me and held me close as I rested my head on his chest. “What are you feeling now?”
“The same as before the connection… except this time, I have the memory of what lust and desire are supposed to feel like. It’s very confusing and conflicting. I didn’t hurt you did I?”
“Nah. Rome took the brunt of it. I think he secretly enjoyed the pain, too.”
A short, quiet laugh escaped his lips. “I never thought I’d make out with a vampire, I can tell you that much.”
“Neither did I.”
We both laughed.
“It’s amazing how strong Ezra is. I don’t even think he’s aware of it. It was like I tapped into a place in his psyche he has yet to experience for himself. I’m envious.”
“There’s no way you can keep that connection open or find those feelings for yourself?” I looked up at him.
He met my eyes with his and shook his head. “And if there were, I wouldn’t know how.”
“The only binding ritual I know of to have ever taken place before this one was well before I was born. Ezra really loves Lisbeth.”
Hearing Daevan say it put me at ease about the whole situation. “I’m glad… and I’m happy for the both of them.”
“When I closed my eyes I could see through his. It was pretty intense. I had to keep my eyes open so I could focus on you.”
I smiled at him. “Was this the first time you—?”
“Yes. It was a first everything… every action and emotion. It pained me to feel it leave as quickly as it came on.” He leaned forward and rolled me on my back, resting his head on my stomach. Maybe not resting… it was if he was trying to listen or feel for something.
“What?”
“Just making sure.”
“Of?”
“That I didn’t…”
It took me a moment. “Oh. Oh… no. I’m on the pill. Wait, doesn’t it take like a few days—”
“Not with my kind. It’s fast and the pregnancy is very short… only a few months. It’s quite a horrible experience for the woman involved… which is why I wanted to be sure.”
“Yup. No kids for me. I’m awful with children anyway.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I just don’t want any.”
“I think you’d make for a very protective mother.” He ran his hand up my side, gently tracing with the tips of his fingers. He lifted his eyes to me. “I want to please you.”
“Isn’t the connection gone?” I asked.
“It is. But it doesn’t change what I can do for you.” He began kissing my stomach, moving his lips downward toward my clit. His fingers gently spreading me open as his tongue lapped over the wetness dripping from me. Seconds after, I felt his fingers inside me… but it wasn’t his fingers… it was his tongue? I pushed myself up and looked down. I could feel his tongue on me still but also inside me, slithering around.
I had to say it was a new and extremely pleasurable feeling. I fell back into the bed and began moaning, grinding my hips toward him. Perhaps this was an unseen talent of his and others like him. With him hitting all the right spots, I came faster than I ever had before, with an intensity that caused me to shoot back up, moaning in ecstasy.
As he pulled away, I saw it: the bend of his long thin, serpent-like tongue sliding back in his mouth. At any other point in time, I would have been freaked out, but I was too turned on by its actions.
“Holy shit. That was insane.”
He smiled. “I’m glad you enjoyed yourself.”
“Did you enjoy it?” I asked.
“Not the way you did, unfortunately. It makes me happy to give you pleasure, though I don’t get any pleasure from it myself.” He pushed himself on top of me and gave me a brief kiss. “Like this kiss. I only have the memory of how I should feel about it. I yearn for that connection again.” He looked at me with sadness in his eyes.
“At least you got to experience it?”
“True. But now I crave it like a drug. It’ll be a while before I can get over it… if at all.”
“Lie with me,” I said, guiding him next to me. “Let’s enjoy this moment a little longer. I like being in your arms.”
He smiled and moved beside me. Once again, I rested my head on his chest.
“Even if it was just this… I would prefer it over not having you around.”
“Me too. I won’t be far. Zazel and Zagan want to go to Portland for some reason. I’ve decided to stay at my place in New York. While Vago is young, I need him to experience the world like I never could, and get an education. When it’s time for him to learn other things… I’ll come back here.”
“Won’t that be years from now?”
I could hear a quiet laughter coming from him. “My dear Onyx, you have so much to learn.”
“I guess so.”
Chapter 11



Onyx



The next morning I texted George. Seen or unseen, there was no way I’d let Daevan leave my house stark naked. While Daevan lay in my bed, fast asleep, I snuck downstairs to meet George, who had brought over some clothes.
“Good lord, woman. How big is this guy? It took me forever to find the right style for someone over 6’5.” He smirked. “Is he hung?”
I rolled my eyes. “Nunya.”
“Well this wasn’t cheap. I’ll be expecting payment.” He waggled his brows.
“Yeah, yeah. Meet me at the store tonight. I’ll have something for you.”
“Hey was this the guy from last week?”
“No. That guy is dating Lisbeth… this is his older brother.”
“Keepin’ it in the family… alright.” He gave me a fist bump.
“What are we bro’s now?” I arched a brow at him.
“Hardly.” He gave me mock cheek kisses. “See ya later, you dirty whore.”
I smirked and closed the door behind him, only to turn around and see Daevan, in all his glory, standing atop the stairs.
“Holy shit, you scared me!” Soon realizing I was staring at his nether region, I brought my hand to my eyes. “I have some clothes for you.”
I peeked through my fingers and I could see him walking down the stairs. “Shy, Shomeret?”
“Not hardly but I don’t like to gawk either… at least not when you’re noticing.”
He pulled my hand from my face. “I like when you look at me. I can see the desire in your eyes. Especially now that I’ve experienced it for myself. I hope the more I concentrate on it, the more I can find it again on my own.” He leaned down and kissed me.
“Well here.” I handed him the clothes, the feel of which told me they were quite expensive. “I’m sure my friend robbed an upscale retail store for these, so cherish them with all your heart.”
He smiled at me as he dressed himself. “I’ll be leaving shortly after I get back home.” He slipped a key in my hand. “This is for my apartment here. Should you need anything… a place to hide… you’re welcome to stay there.”
I felt sad for a moment.
“Don’t worry, Shomeret, I’ll be back sooner than you think.” He smirked and gave me a kiss on the forehead before taking off… literally.
I began walking up the stairs only to hear my phone buzzing from the kitchen.
“What now?” I muttered to myself.
It was Elliot.
“Hey.”
“Where were you last night?”
My eyes went wide. “Uh… home.”
“I called a few times and you didn’t answer.”
“Yeah after the crazy night I slept like all day.” There was no way I’d let him know what when down between me and Daevan… which presented another problem: Me and Elliot.
“Another body showed up… a man. Can I ask if you know what your friends were up to last night?”
“They weren’t killing random dudes, that’s for sure.”
“I thought you said you were sleeping all day.”
God damnit. “Uh, that was after I worked at the store. Anyway, Lisbeth told me yesterday she’d be hanging with Ezra and his brothers all night. Trust me, they are not your guys.”
“Fine. Listen… can I come over in an hour or so?”
“Uh, sure.” I had to remove any trace of Daevan as to not raise questions. Just my luck I’d be having to hide evidence from a detective.
“See you then.”
“Later.”
I rushed upstairs and tossed all of the shredded clothes in a bag. As I did so, something fell from one of Daevan’s jean pockets. It looked to be made from stone with some kind of runic symbols etched on it. Whatever it was, I’d have to ask Rome about it. For now, I needed to square away the attic and my bedroom, then take a shower before Elliot arrived.



****



I had tea prepared and on the coffee table when he walked inside. He looked genuinely happy to see me, but something else was in his eyes. I motioned for him to sit on the couch.
“So what did you want to talk about?” I asked.
“After all I’ve seen and experienced. I don’t know if I can… we can….”
“Be together?”
He nodded.
In a way it was a relief. I didn’t want to complicate things by having to bring up Daevan and the last two nights. “I understand.”
“Thank you. I guess I should be completely honest with you. Since I found out about Nicki, our relationship has… grown. I guess you could say. I need to figure out what that’s all about before getting involved with someone else.”
And there it was, the stab of jealousy. You have no right, Onyx. “I totally get it.” Of course he would appear even hotter now that I couldn’t have him. I’m pretty sure I came off more understanding than I was because I didn’t have a leg to stand on. At least it was a way of keeping myself in check and possibly making this friendship last beyond the typical expiration date on friendship between jealous former lovers.
“Anyway, that’s not only reason I came over.” He opened a file on the coffee table and spread out a few pictures.
I sat next to him and leaned down, looking at them. My position next to him on the couch was reminiscent of the first night he came over and our “almost” intimate encounter. Even now, I looked him in the eyes and we seemed to share a moment. “So what was your question?” I asked, looking back to the pictures. “Yikes, these look brutal.”
“Roger is sure these were made by something else. Sorry about earlier, I had to double check that your friends weren’t involved.”
“It’s okay.”
“So these victims are all missing their hearts and some of their vital organs. So far we’ve found three matching that description.”
I muttered under my breath. “Werewolves.”
“That’s exactly what Nicki said. But she can’t imagine anyone in her… pack, doing such a thing.”
I could see Elliot was still coming to terms with the truth about Nicki. “I’ll double check with Rome, though I’m quite sure this was done by a werewolf.”
“From what Nicki told me, she knows of all the werewolf packs on the east coast. If anyone were to do it, she would have known after the first murder.”
“I supposed my services are needed again.”
“Yes… and off the books.”
“Any particular reason why?” I asked.
“Questions are being raised about your involvement in the case regarding the female victims. So far, it remains unsolved. The most we put forth is that you were a psychic trying to find the baby involved.”
“Psychic?” I couldn’t help but laugh. “Really?”
“It’s not funny, Onyx.”
I cleared my throat and stopped. “You’re right. I’m sorry.”
“I was hoping you could come with me to the M.E.’s office with Rome, and take a look. Perhaps even talk with Nicki. It’s Saturday, so there will be light traffic and no questions asked.”
“Got it… you know we’re going to have to wait a few hours for Rome.”
He gave me a look. “I know.”
“Out of curiosity… what’s the story with Awakening? I heard it was perma-closed.”
“For now. Until they can guarantee the safety of all their patrons, there’s no getting out of this one for the owner or his investors.”
“Even though we fixed that little problem?”
“Yes, but there’s no way I could tell them that.” A small grin crept over his face, and I wanted nothing more than to plant my lips on his. When his eyes shifted down, I knew… there was still something there. He cleared his throat and collected the contents of the file. “Just let me know when you need me to come get you.” He stood up and I followed suit.
“Okay.” I felt shy around him now. It was like our first encounter all over again.
“See you later tonight.”
After he left, I went upstairs into the attic and examined the rune I’d found in Daevan’s pocket. My eyes drifted to the claw marks in the wood, and I was soon reminded of the pleasure I had felt as he lustfully ravaged my body. I shook the thought and picked up the book he’d given me, perusing it for any additional information about werewolves. About halfway through, I felt a tad bored. Research seemed to put me in a sleepy mood, so I decided to have fun with the book instead.
“Français,” I said, switching the book to French. I giggled. “Italiano.” Once again, the book changed. “Hm.” I thought for a moment. “Russkiy.” I paused realizing I actually knew very few language names in their native languages. “Oh well. English.” I closed the book and set it, along with the rune, back in the trunk.
If I let myself fall into my thoughts there’d be no way to avoid getting depressed over Daevan leaving and losing my sexy detective friend in the same day. The club was closed—not that it’d be open during the day anyway—and I didn’t feel like going to work since I wasn’t in the mood to play twenty questions with Frank.
Instead of sitting around, pondering recent events, I began pulling random ingredients from my cabinets. I hadn’t baked or cooked anything since this whole fiasco started.
Chapter 12



Onyx



My phone rang. It was Elliot again.
“I told you I’d call you after dark.”
“It’s nine, Onyx. Sun set well over an hour ago.”
I leaned over my kitchen sink and pushed away the blinds. “No shit? Oops.”
“Yeah well… I’ll start heading over. Don’t forget to call Rome.”
“On it.” I hung up and dialed Rome. How had I let the time get away from me like that?
“I was wondering when you’d call. We need to have a little chat, you and I.”
“I know. I’m going to need a rain check on it. Elliot needs us to come to the M.E.’s office with him.”
“More bodies?” Rome asked.
“Yes, but this time—three men. Both Nicki and I are convinced it’s a werewolf but she can’t imagine anyone she knows doing something like this.”
“Interesting,” he said before a short pause. “Be right there.”
About a minute later there was a knock on my door.
“Oh you’ve gotta be kidding me.” I huffed all the way to the door. Only to my surprise, no one was standing there. “What the shit?” I peered around the porch before turning to walk inside. As soon as I turned around, Rome was standing there. I yelped. “God damnit!”
“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
I punched him in the shoulder.
“You punch like a girl who’s never punched before.”
I scowled at him and punched him even harder.
“You’re going to get nowhere with that.”
This time I pushed him against the door frame and brushed my lips against his. “How far would I get with this?”
“Pretty far,” he whispered.
I smirked and walked inside, leaving him to close the door.
“What’s that smell?” he asked.
“Oh… uh, I’ve been baking and cooking all day. I got a little bored.”
He followed me into the kitchen and looked around in surprise. “Really bored, I’d say.”
“Elliot should be here shortly. Eat whatever you’d like,” I said.
“Don’t be mean, Onyx.”
“I guess we have a few minutes. What did you want to talk about?” I pushed myself up on a free spot on the counter and let my legs dangle.
“You know what I want to talk about. What was that earlier?”
I shrugged. “Long story short, Lisbeth did some weird soulmate ritual with Ezra, and it connected him with his brothers. Daevan was here when that connection was made, I guess. I suppose I told him to stay so I could see what happened exactly. Mostly to be sure my friend was okay.” I gave Rome a sheepish grin.
Rome leaned against the wall and folded his arms across his chest. “I see. Was it what you expected?”
“No. Daevan explained to me how his brothers are all different from each other. He’s convinced he’s broken because of who his mother was—a shaman or something. Whatever normal incubus abilities his father passed along were overshadowed by hers.”
“Interesting. I can’t imagine that would be fun for him.”
“It’s worse than you think.” I hopped off the counter. “Actually, there’s something I want to show you.”
I went upstairs and grabbed the rune and the book and brought it back down for Rome to see.
“What’s this?” he asked as he examined the rune.
“I was hoping you could tell me. Do you know what those markings are?”
“I’m afraid I do not. In fact, it surprises me to say I’ve never seen them before.”
“Well I found it in Daevan’s pocket. Anyway, he gave me this as well.” I showed him the book. “If you say the name of a language in that language, the text will change to that language. Like, saying Français turns it to French. And… it has more information on stuff I’ve never even heard of before.”
He flipped through the pages, stopping on those he recognized. “This is very handy, Onyx. I suggest you study it thoroughly and perhaps use its ability to translate. Perhaps you can start reading my books as well.”
“That’s the idea… I think. At least that’s what Daevan said.”
He handed the book back to me but kept the rune. “I’d like to hold on to this… check my books to see if I’ve missed something throughout the years.”
“Of course.”
Impatient pounding sounded on the door.
“Let me put this back. Tell Elliot I’ll be down in a sec.”



****



Nicki looked worried. Even if she was trying to hide it behind a tough girl façade, it was as clear as day.
As soon as Rome entered the lab. Roger’s eyes immediately fell on him. “Is this the ‘specialist’ you told me about?” Roger asked.
One of Rome’s trademark wicked grins spread over his face.
Rather than keep the awkwardness building, Elliot pulled back the sheet from one of the bodies. “This is the latest victim.”
Rome’s attention went straight to it. He snapped on a pair of gloves and began poking around. “Vital organs missing?”
“Yes. For this one: heart, liver, kidneys.”
Rome looked up. “Is it not the same for the others?”
“The heart? Yes. Everything else varies. The lungs were removed from the first victim.”
“Interesting.”
“So… who do you work for again?” Roger asked.
Rome looked to Elliot who cleared his throat and spoke up. “He’s with a special division in the FBI.”
“Ooh. A G-man,” Roger said, flirtatiously.
I snickered.
“Can we please keep on topic?” Nicki clearly wasn’t happy.
“You’re right.” Rome straightened up. “It’s a… that serial killer we discussed.”
“The same one that’s been attacking the women?”
Elliot spoke for Rome again, “No. Another person we believe.”
Roger sighed. “I don’t know if that’s better or worse.” He grabbed a file and headed out of the room. “I need to head to my office and make some notes. I’ll be back in a min.”
As soon as he left, we all began to speak freely on the matter.
“So it is a werewolf?” I asked Rome.
“Indeed.” He looked up at Nicki. “And you say it’s not anyone you know?”
“No. But I guess I can’t be sure.” Nicki gave me some serious side-eye. “Unlike some people.”
“I’ll help in any way I can,” I said, trying to diffuse her anger… and perhaps win brownie points with Elliot.
“All I know is I could use a drink.” Nicki swung her blazer over her shoulder and coolly walked out of the lab.
“And here I thought she and I were beginning to get along,” I said with a sigh.



****



There was no confirmation on whether or not Rome and I were invited, but we tagged along to join Nicki and Elliot at the bar.
As soon as I walked in the door, I knew it was no ordinary bar. Hell, I could have gathered that judging by the outside and the line of motorcycles in front. But this was definitely more. The place smelled like a bathhouse for dogs—each patron eyed me as I casually walked inside behind my friends. Rather than start a ruckus, I kept my hand near my face and my mouth shut.
Nicki glanced back at me over her shoulder with a haughty sneer plastered on her mouth.
“I take it Nicki isn’t the only ‘you know what’ in this bar?” Rome whispered in my ear.
I gave a slow shake of my head. “No, she is not.”
“Oh goody.” Whatever accent Rome had when he spoke peeked through with that last phrase.
“Don’t worry,” Nicki said, obviously catching our exchange. “Don’t cause no trouble, won’t be no trouble.”
A grizzled and tattooed woman approached us from the bar. “Heya, toots,” she addressed Nicki. “The usual?”
“Yeah.”
“And your friends?” The woman eyed us carefully.
Rome spoke up in a polite manner. “I don’t suppose you serve martini’s here?”
I could hear a low purr-like growl emit from the woman’s throat… not to mention she reeked of wet dog.
“Well then, water for me,” he said.
“I’ll have whatever Nicki’s having,” I said.
“Me too,” joined Elliot.
“Three stouts and a water.” She narrowed her eyes at Rome before walking off.
I leaned over to Rome and whispered. “Does she know? Also, I didn’t know you drank alcohol.”
“I don’t, and I don’t think she does. She could suspect something. You might have the gift of a keen nose but werewolves have their own way of detecting things.”
The woman began pouring the beers when I looked over to her. She eyed us while talking to a few guys at the bar who stole repeated glances over their shoulders.
“Uh oh,” I said, quietly.
“What’s wrong this time?” Nicki muttered.
“I don’t think your friends appreciate us being here.”
“Us? Or him?” She looked at Rome.
The woman finally came back and set our drinks down. “Nicki, baby, you know I love ya… but he needs to go.” She up-nodded in Rome’s direction.
“He’s alright… and with me,” Nicki said. I was surprised at her defense of him. Perhaps under that bristly exterior she was a softy.
“It’s not a problem. I can go.” Rome stood up and moved to grab his jacket when the two men at the bar stood up as well.
“Uh Nicki? I think things are about to get very real in t-minus five seconds,” I said.
“Blanche, what did you tell them?”
“Just my suspicions. They have a right to know when a vampire comes into the bar.”
Nicki gave a defeated sigh and quickly chugged her beer before standing up. “I don’t mean this as a disrespect to you, but if these guys start anything—”
“I know. Just do me a favor and take it outside.” Blanche turned and walked away.
The two men seemed to “fluff” themselves up as they moved ahead of us toward the entrance.
“Elliot, you should probably stay in here,” Nicki said as we all got up to follow.
“There’s no way I’m doing that.”
“Then you know whatever happens here, we can’t call for backup.”
“I know—”
A loud crash echoed from the door where the two scrappy men had been waiting. Another man, snarling and wearing half torn clothing, came barreling through, nearly taking the door off its hinges.
Everyone in the bar shot out of their seats. One of the men from the bar seemed to have taken the brunt of the intrusion. He was down on the floor with a huge gash on his temple. The snarling man took note of this and lunged at him, tearing at his throat ferociously.
“What about now?” Elliot asked.
Nicki took off her jacket and flung it on the chair before diving into the literal “dog pile” that was beginning to form on the floor.
Two other patrons had taken it upon themselves to try and peel the snarling stranger off the man on the ground.
Blanche hopped over the bar. For a woman of her size and age, it surprised the hell out of me. She ran over to the crowd of limbs. “That’s Earl!” She stepped forward. “That’s Earl! Don’t kill him.” She began peeling people off of “Earl,” which allowed Nicki to slap handcuffs on him.
“These won’t hold for long if he shifts,” Nicki said, grunting as she tried to keep Earl in place.
The man Earl had attacked was clearly dead and the other was backed against the bar, scared for his life.
I whispered to Rome. “Takes care of one problem, I guess.”
He arched a brow and I saw a curl in his lips though he was trying to focus on the situation at hand.
The odor emanating from Earl was intense, more so than the other patrons combined. That’s when I knew… finally, my abilities had truly come into use. What better way to test my skills than in a bar full of “new” creatures and being able to detect the murderer.
“He’s killed.”
“Clearly,” Nicki snapped at me.
“No… he’s killed a human… and very recently.”
A few people in the bar looked up at me, including Blanche. “And just how might you know that?”
Maybe I had been a bit too hasty with my reveal.
“Uh… lucky guess?”
Wrong answer. Blanche stepped forward like she was about to tear my head off.
“She’s a Tutorea,” Nicki called out, still keeping Earl in check.
As I scanned the room, some of the patrons looked confused, some looked down and cleared their throats like they were guilty of something, and Blanche just tilted her head.
“Well then, welcome Tutorea.”
“You know what I am?”
She nodded. “It’s a story our kind tell our children to keep them in line. ‘Be a good pup or the Tutorea will sniff you out and tell your mama.’”
I couldn’t help but laugh at the context. At least she didn’t think I was a hunter like Daevan had.
She stepped forward and put her arm around me and looked down at Earl. “So he’s broken the rules?”
I nodded.
“There’s no way he would have just done this,” Nicki said. “Look at him, he’s clearly on something.”
“Can drugs cause werewolves to do this?” I asked.
“It’s no secret that many of our kind take to chemical substances to ease our pain… but if you can smell him, it means he was in wolf form when he killed… and no amount of Meth or PCP can cause a wolf to trigger like that.”
Nicki and Elliot’s phones buzzed at the same time.
“Fuck. We have to go.” She looked up at Blanche. “Do you have a cage handy?”
Blanche nodded. “For emergencies only… and this looks like one to me.”
“Let me deal with this call and I’ll be right back.”
Blanche snapped her fingers and a few more patrons helped bring a snarling Earl to his feet, escorting him to the basement.
“I can stay here,” I said.
“No,” Nicki replied, looking at her phone. Her face had morphed from anger to worry. “You’re coming with us. The bulletin says it’s another animal attack.”
Chapter 13



Onyx



The scene was brutal. A crowd of looky-loo’s had gathered behind the police tape, and a number of ambulances were present. One of the uniformed officers approached Nicki.
“Detective Alcott…” He nodded to Elliot. “Stevens… it’s bad.”
“How bad?”
The officer looked over to Rome and me, then back to Nicki.
“Don’t worry, they’re with us,” she answered before he could ask.
“A man, hopped up on I don’t know what, attacked that other man there.” The officer pointed to the white sheet covering a body on the ground. “Someone called 911 but not before two people took it upon themselves to try and help.” He turned and looked to the ambulances. One man, severely injured, was being gurneed into the back of one of them. “That’s not all.”
“Oh?”
“Witnesses say he was trying to devour the man’s heart after ripping it straight out of his chest. I’ve never seen anything like it before.”
“You’ve done well, officer,” Elliot said. “We’ll take it from here.”
“Very good, sir.” The officer walked away.
As we moved closer, another sheet-covered body came into view. I could smell the odor from the back of the line.
“That’s him,” I said to Nicki.
Another officer approached Nicki. “This is our perp. First responders said they emptied two clips into him—each—before he went down.”
“Thank you, officer,” she said as he walked away.
“I thought only silver bullets could kill werewolves,” I said.
Both Rome and Nicki stopped and turned, looking at me like I’d gone full retard.
“Don’t believe everything you see in movies, my dear,” Rome said.
Nicki bent over and pulled back the sheet. “Shoot anything enough times, you’ll eventually kill it. At least with… our kind. As far as I know… it’s never come to this. No one would have done anything to warrant this kind of reaction.” She stood back up. “Which has me worried.”
“Sorry I’m late,” Roger said as he approached. “I was already off work but when I heard about what happened, I had to swing by.”
Elliot took Roger by the arm and pulled him close. It could have been construed as intimate in any other setting. “I’m gonna need you to get me DNA results for all of the victims and the dead perp before you put it in the official file… if that’s alright.”
“Um….” Roger looked taken back by the statement. “Of course, Elliot. Anything you need.”
“Thanks.” Elliot walked over to some of the witnesses.
Roger looked stunned by what had just taken place. It was clear he had a crush on Elliot, and maybe Elliot was taking advantage of that given his involvement in all of this. Then again, I could have been jumping to conclusions.
“Why don’t you two head out. Elliot and I need to conduct some interviews and that’ll take a while,” Nicki said.
“Sure. Rome and I will just head back to my place if you still need us tonight.”
Rome and I walked a block before hailing a cab… there was no way they’d stop that close to a crime scene otherwise.



****



“Did you notice—”
“Elliot’s interaction with Roger?” Rome read my mind. In this instance, he wasn’t touching me. We had just witnessed the same thing and came to the same conclusion. “I sure did.” He walked over and relaxed on the couch. “Your detective friend is full of mystery, I’ll give him that.”
“It was just so off putting. Roger seems to have a crush on Elliot. I mean… who wouldn’t? I just didn’t think Elliot would go there.” I sat next to Rome and rested my head on his shoulder.
“So those books of yours don’t talk about killing werewolves?”
“They do… I uh… just had assumptions.”
There were a few moments of silence between us.
“It was difficult for me,” Rome said.
“What was?”
“Resisting you… when Daevan was….”
“Oh.”
“I felt everything. His awakening… the connection, Ezra with Lisbeth—all of it.” He paused another beat. “And you.”
I froze, my head still resting on his shoulder. I quickly cleared my thoughts and stared forward. If I allowed myself back to that moment, who knows what would happen next.
“I felt you feeling him. And it was like I was him… inside you—” He cut himself off. Almost like he choked on his words. “Every time I look at you now, I’m reminded of that feeling.”
“We can’t—”
“I know.”
Why couldn’t we? Why had I set that boundary for us? I felt like I’d be a punchline to some joke if I hadn’t. After all, he is a vampire. But at the same time, I got to know the man who was becoming my teacher; my mentor. I couldn’t possibly add lover to that list and still claim to be a rational person. Maybe my views on sex would have lessened his importance in some way. I had a nasty habit of treating my lovers like doormats.
A professional would accuse me of having commitment issues and they wouldn’t be wrong. I wanted him. At the same time, I needed him to be a constant without complicating things. If I lost him, I’d just be lost. I paused in my thoughts realizing that my head was no longer clear; the words ran through my mind at lightning speed and of course, he was touching my hand. I knew he knew it… and I hoped he’d say nothing and just understand.
He looked straight at me when I lifted my eyes to his—he knew everything. My over analyzing, complicated self had betrayed my innermost feelings. Things I could barely admit to myself, let alone speak out loud. I slid on his lap and curled up against him as he relaxed back into the couch, his arms cradling me as if I were a small child.
The reality of the things I knew and was starting to learn were beginning to hit my emotional core again. A breakdown began to emerge. I closed my eyes and felt a tear slide down my cheek. Odd, I wasn’t even aware my eyes had welled up.
He held me tighter.
“Don’t ever leave me,” I whispered.
“I wouldn’t dare,” he whispered back.
And that’s how I fell asleep: cradled in his arms, feeling at ease after only a few minutes.
Chapter 14



Rome



Onyx. Sweet child, Onyx. The living effigy of the love I once knew, yet her own person—a new person. She wanted to keep everything unspoken between us. Not only did I oblige her will, I agreed with it as well. It could be left a conversation for another time… if ever.
It would be only a few hours until sunrise and I refused to leave her side before the last possible moment.
If you only weren’t what you are, I scolded myself.
For the many hundreds of years I’d walked this planet, I’d had only two existential moments. Moments where I wondered why I was still here. Each passing decade and, eventually, century, had me questioning my relationship with my maker. If I hadn’t been on that battlefield, I’d have been a devout priest for sure. After all… everything was done in the name of God.
“Awake now.” I could hear the echoed words of Leofric, the vampire who turned me. He helped me up; I was sure I’d been dead. I saw nothing but putrid corpses around me. A man by his side, wearing the colors of the enemy, stared at me intently. Was I moving on to the next plane of existence?
He spoke to me in old Norman French, my native tongue, and explained I had been on the side of the victors. “You are brothers now. Romoalt and William.” He brought our hands together and William gripped my arm, bringing me close, eventually clutching my hand with his fist and lifting it to his heart.
Everything felt different, looked different… was different. Despite the smell of expelled bodily fluids around me, my desire to lap up the dripping blood was ever present.
“We need to leave. It will be dawn soon.”
“I don’t understand,” I had spoken without realizing.
He looked back to me and smiled. “You shall, soon enough.”
Back in the present, Onyx was peacefully resting in my arms. Her slightly parted lips beckoning mine. I’d respect her wishes of keeping things platonic, but only after I stole a kiss. 
The feel of her warm, soft full lips against mine sent shocks through my body. The taste of her berry lip gloss would forever be a reminder of what I could never have. Again I kissed her; planting smaller, quick kisses on her cheek, nose and neck.
“My love,” I whispered in her ear.
The tiniest moan escaped her lips as she curled against me. My desire turned into the burn of heartache radiating throughout my core—worse than any pain from a sword slicing through my stomach. Worse than the agonizing moment of my death as I’d felt my essence escape my body and I saw myself looking down from above.
“Another chance,” were my words to the sky.
A hint of red in the clouds told me it was my time to go, but not before I tucked Onyx into bed.
I helped her out of her boots and whatever accessories I could pull off before it would wake her, and then pulled the duvet over her shoulder. For the last time, I stole a kiss, tasting the wetness from her lips.
Chapter 15



Onyx



Another morning with the sun shining directly in my face. I looked forward to fall’s arrival, but not the change in position of the light during daytime hours. Perhaps an investment in curtains was in order.
I stretched and ran the back of my hand over my nose only to find it was sticky with lip gloss. Come to think of it, I felt it on my neck and cheeks as well. Thinking it had something to do with falling asleep while wearing makeup, I ran my hand over my pillow. Nothing.
Whatever had happened, it was a weird feeling.
The plan now was to figure out what was going on with these werewolves. Rather than account to Nicki and Elliot my twenty-four-seven whereabouts on the matter, I decided to pay Blanche another visit… but only after a long, hot shower.
As soon as I stepped on the bus, I regretted not calling Elliot. During the ride, I contemplated all the ways I could make enough money to save up for a car. A flicker of Rome’s face went through my mind. The quick thought left just as fast when I realized I had thought something no girl ever wants to admit to herself; the sugar daddy.
I wouldn’t limit this thought to women only. Time and time again, my male friends would come to me saying how they’d love a rich man or woman to swoop in and take care of their every need. My sense of pride was too strong for something like that. After all, my home and job had been handed down to me. I already felt like a leech for having a one up, even if it has been a struggle ever since.
Still… I needed a car to take more night jobs. More night jobs meant more money, and more money was… what I need for a car. That horrid cycle. Perhaps it wouldn’t hurt to find someone willing to invest in my need for reliable transportation.
Yeah, it’s called a bank.
My inner sarcastic bitch was making me irritable.
The biker bar was a few blocks from the nearest bus station. I’d forgotten to put on sunscreen, and my face felt like it was crisping from the heat. There goes my hope for fall. Thanks, climate change.
The bar was closed for the day; though if there was a crazed werewolf inside, someone had to be keeping watch.
I banged on the door.
No answer.
I banged again.
“Hold your panties, I’m-a comin’.” It was Blanche’s muffled voice echoing from inside. She arched a brow at my presence. “So, I see you want to make yourself useful?”
“Uh… I just figured I’d see how things were going?”
“Nicki told me what happened after you all left.” Blanche peered around me then ushered me into the bar.
“Is that common with….?”
“With werewolves? You mean randomly attacking people on a crowded street, half-crazed? No, no it is not.” She stressed those last words.
“How is Earl doing?” I asked.
She furrowed her brow. Maybe she was confused by my question?
“Earl is… doin’.”
“Listen, I don’t want to overstep my bounds. I just got done dealing with a rampaging demon, and I don’t know how much more of this I can take.”
“So I’ve heard.” She sat at one of the tables and motioned across from her. “Have a seat, darlin’.”
“All of this is new to me.” It was something I normally wouldn’t admit to a stranger, but everything about her was homey and welcoming. “I mean, I’ve known things for a while but I’ve never had to really utilize my skills. Then all of a sudden, there’s death and destruction everywhere.”
“I’ve noticed it too.” She shifted in her set and leaned back into the chair. “You seem like a sweet child. I can tell you, up until recently, all has been quiet. Aside from the occasional bar brawl, my life has been violence free. Most of my struggles have been financial.”
“I hear ya there.”
She smirked at me then leaned forward, resting her hand on mine. “I feel like something is coming. Something big. At first, I didn’t really see it until two of my kin were engaged in pretty violent behavior. And now another one is dead.”
It took me a second, but the mental math scrolling through my head screeched to a halt. “What do you mean two?”
Her eyes flickered. She looked down for a moment then brought her eyes back to mine. “I should have said something to Nicki last night.” She stood up. “Come with me.”
I followed her lead to a back room, then finally to a set of stairs to the basement. “Please don’t tell Nicki what I’m about to show you until I’ve had a chance to talk to her, alright?”
I nodded. Clearly she was distressed about whatever was going on and I didn’t peg her for a liar or someone who would intentionally cause harm. Plus, I didn’t want to be on the wrong side of yet another werewolf.
There was a rustling of claws against metal. When Blanche flipped on the flickering halogen light, I knew instantly why she was hesitant to say anything.
Earl was on the ground of a cage, curled into the fetal position and sleeping. But the cage next to his housed a wolf who immediately began snarling as soon as it saw me. The scent coming off it was intense. I brought my hand over my nose. Blanche gave me some side-eye.
“Sorry,” I said.
“It’s alright. I heard smells can be kind of intense for you.”
“Who is that?” I said, referring to the wolf.
“That is Ziggy. He’s been in here for almost a week.”
“A week?” I looked at her again, completely shocked.
“We’ve been trying to figure out what’s got him all crazed. When we found him, he was acting not unlike Earl, here. Then he began shifting. During this entire time, he hasn’t shifted back once. I’m worried Earl is next. Nicki told me she didn’t recognize the man at the scene of the crime, but she confirmed he was a wolf. If this is what I think it is, then something is happening to us and I’m worried about who might be next.”
I pulled out my phone and brought up Elliot’s contact info.
“Wait, what are you doing?”
“Calling Elliot.”
She grabbed my hand. “You can’t do that.”
“Whatever is going on, it’s better if everyone’s on board and on top of it… that way we can try and figure out what it is before it happens to the rest of you.”
She sighed and looked to Earl whose leg began to twitch some… almost in the same way a dog would while dreaming of chasing cars. “Nicki’s gonna kill me.”
“Why would Nicki be upset with you protecting your kind?”
“Because of who she is… who her mother is.”
“What does her mother have to do with anything?” I asked.
“She’s the pack leader.” Blanche faced me full on. “Not just the pack-leader, but the queen of our kind.”
Was I surprised? Did I look surprised? Was my face currently reflecting my feelings? Because my inner voice was screaming to the high heavens, what in the fucking fuck?!
“When she’s gone, Nicki is the next to take over,” Blanche continued.
“I’m sure Nicki will be understanding,” I said, still reeling from this atomic bomb of information.
“Have you seen her?” Her facial expression dropped as if I had to know what to expect of Nicki’s reaction. “Also, you can’t tell Elliot or anyone what I’ve told you about her—you hear me, girl?”
“Got it. Mum’s the word.” I was still having a hard time believing it myself. “Still though, this—” I gestured my hand toward the cages, before hitting send on my phone. “—needs to be addressed.”
“Yeah, yeah. Do what you must, kid. I’m just going to prepare myself for the verbal and possible physical beat down I’m about to receive.” She walked upstairs and I followed while the phone rang.
“Detective Stevens.”
“I need you and Nicki to come back to the Motor Bar.”
“Onyx, why are you at that bar?”
“Long story, just get here ASAP and I’ll explain everything.” I hung up.
“Oh boy, here we go,” Blanche said while pouring herself a shot.



****



Nicki was the first to storm in. “Why are you here?” she asked me.
I glanced over to Blanche. The sound of Elliot walking in caused me to look back at the door. The glow of the outside light made a halo around him; like the hero charging in to save the day. Now that he was dating the princess of the werewolves, there’d be no chance for us.
“Now don’t get mad…,” Blanche said in an attempt to preempt Nicki’s anger.
Too late for that.
“What?” Nicki snapped back.
“Earl wasn’t the first wolf to cross my path in that condition.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I think it’s best if you just show her,” I suggested.
Nicki’s glaring eyes fell on me as if I should be seen and not heard… maybe seen could be excluded from that as well.
“Come on, honey. I think it’s best your friend stay out here.”
“Just hang tight, Elliot,” Nicki said as she followed Blanche to the basement.
I decided to stay behind.
“Should I be worried?” Elliot asked.
“Whatever is making these… guys… kill people, is also making them shift into wolf form. As in… unable to shift back—ever.”
“I should get down there.” Elliot began to walk past me but I put my hand to his chest, stopping him.
“I think you should wait. If they wanted you down there, they would have asked.”
He grumbled and took a seat at the bar next to me.
His eyes lifted to mine and I was soon reminded of what had gone down the last time we were in an alcohol-dispensing environment.
Perhaps he did as well, based on the look.
“So um… how are things going with Nicki?” I asked.
“Well.” He kept the same cool demeanor.
“Good.”
He leaned closer. I froze.
“Your eyes… they reflect gold in the light.”
I swallowed and quickly looked away.
He moved to say something when the echo of Nicki and Blanche’s arguing caused him to pull back and sit straight up.
Thankfully, Nicki didn’t seem to notice his actions.
“You should have called me a week ago.”
“I didn’t know what to do. He only went full wolf the night before last.”
“Whatever it is, it doesn’t seem to be contagious… I don’t think.”
“Can we test them?” I asked.
“We’ve kept quiet for years trying to avoid being test subjects. The last thing any of us want is to be poked and prodded like an experimental project.”
“I didn’t mean—”
“What she probably meant is… having a doctor involved to determine if they are being infected with something.” Elliot, once again, coming to the rescue.
When Nicki looked at him, her anger softened. It was something new coming from her. As much as it pained me to think about it, perhaps Elliot and her moving into a more intimate relationship had a positive effect on Nicki.
“Maybe even Roger.”
Aaaand the anger is back. “We can’t tell him anything about this,” she said in her normal, snapping tone.
“He’s been running tests… DNA tests, already.”
“What?” Nicki’s tone changed for the worse.
“He was going to do them anyway, I told him to keep them quiet for now and bring them to me, first. I had him run some additional blood tests.”
“And you didn’t think to tell me?”
Blanche grabbed my arm. “Come on, honey. Let’s give these two a moment,” she said in a hushed voice.
I nodded and followed her to the back room.
The almost inaudible sound of the two quarreling kept my attention while Blanche was trying to make light conversation with me.
“So what’s the story with your vampire friend from last night?” she asked.
“Why? Interested?”
“Don’t get smart with me. And no… I wouldn’t hook up with a vampire if my life depended on it. I was just wondering how he ended up in your mixed bag of nuts.”
She had no idea how many actual nuts were in this bag. “I ran into him a while back. He’s taught me a few things… been around a while.”
“They have their uses, longevity being one of them. Most of the east coast vampires stay in New York. He’s the first one I’ve seen in Philly for twenty years… at least.”
“I’m still learning the ropes. If it wasn’t for him, I’d be lost.”
“I take it he doesn’t smell like he’s killed anyone recently?”
“Not in the least. He’s my walking library I suppose.” My thoughts drifted to the night before and how I’d fallen asleep in his arms, while talking myself out of falling for him.
“You like him.”
“Huh?”
“That look on your face. You have a crush on your vampire friend.” She chuckled.
“No way. I’m not one of those paranormal-loving groupies.” Lie. Total lie.
“You can thank Hollywood for that stereotype. If you’d heard the stories I heard while growing up, you’d change your mind right fast.”
“I suppose that same stereotype can be applied to werewolves as well.” I worried it might come off as antagonistic. Instead, she laughed.
“True, honey. Too true.”
“Actually, about those stereotypes… the wolf last night was shot with regular bullets… and still died.” Nicki had technically given me an answer, but I needed something more concrete and Blanche seemed like the type to give it to me.
“How many bullets?” she put her hand on her hip and cocked it to the side.
“A lot of bullets… like a lot-a lot.”
“That’ll do’er,” she said in a confirming tone. “Silver is more like poison to us. Sort of like you getting shot with a poison tipped bullet. It’ll do damage, prevent healing, that kinna thing.” She looked over her shoulder for a second before turning back to me and lowering her voice. “I’d get in plenty trouble telling you this, but I’m sure you’re vampire friend would tell you anyway—the best way to kill a werewolf… or most anything for that matter, is to chop off its head and light it ablaze.”
“I see.” I’d seen with my own eyes the effectiveness of chopping off a head, though I thought it best not to bring up that I’d actually done it.
Nicki flung open the door. “Let’s go,” she said to me.
Rather than piss off “princess,” I gave Blanche a sheepish glance before following Nicki’s order.
If I wasn’t so desperate to avoid the bus, I would have found my own way back… and we weren’t heading to my house, or so it looked.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“To speak with Roger,” Elliot said.
The entire ride, and even the walk leading up to Roger’s office was filled with tension you needed a chainsaw to cut through.
Trouble in paradise? I wickedly and secretly hoped.
“Hey, you,” Roger said as soon as he saw Elliot.
“Did you find anything out?” Elliot asked.
“Skipping pleasantries I see. Well then…” Roger nodded to Nicki then myself. “You’re lucky I put a rush on all of this last night.” He handed Elliot the file. “Our dead perp was responsible for the killing last night, but I also found another DNA sample which didn’t belong to any victims at the scene. Furthermore, this particular assailant didn’t kill the other three victims we found earlier… though two were killed by the same person and the third was killed by someone else entirely.”
“So we’re looking at three different attackers.”
Roger nodded.
It matched what we were dealing with, so there was that.
“Elliot, do you know something? You seemed to want to keep this quiet last night.”
“For now, I just want it kept under wraps ‘til we know more.”
“These murders compounded with the murders of those women is making the boys upstairs come down pretty hard on my office. On top of which, I have the lab accusing me of mishandling samples.”
“What do you mean?” Elliot asked.
“Remember how I told you the DNA from the female victims came back as inconclusive due to corruption?”
“Yes.”
“Well I’m getting the same thing here… albeit slightly different.”
“How so?”
“They wanted to know if I kept a dog in the office on the down low.” Roger tilted his head and folded his arms across his chest. “Now are either of you going to tell me what’s going on or should I go to Sergeant Longbear and tell him two of his detectives are having me withhold evidence?”
And there it was. The ultimatum.
“Nicki, Onyx… could you give Roger and I a moment, please?”
Nicki and I looked at each other for a beat.
“Sure thing, Ellie,” Nicki said.
I opened my mouth to say something but Nicki took me by the arm and escorted me out, fairly aggressively I might add.
“He can’t tell him.” The more I thought about it, the more I realized it was a bad idea.
“I agree with you. But there’s not much I can do to stop him.” She looked down the hall, refusing to make eye contact with me. It seemed agreeing with me was something to be ashamed of. Or maybe Elliot had pissed her off enough to where she was looking for someone to agree with her as well.
Chapter 16



Elliot



“Why did you send them out of the room, Detective Stevens?” His tone was accusatory, yet it wouldn’t change what I hoped to accomplish with our private chat.
“Roger,” I put my hand to his shoulder. He shifted slightly. “What I’m about to tell you can’t leave this room.”
“Okay,” he said, his eyes looking away.
“You’re right in seeing a theme, here. These murders are all connected, though not in the same way.”
“What do you mean?” He looked up at me.
“Do you ever feel as if there’s more to this world?”
“Of course, I’m a medical professional.”
“I mean… really more. The unexplained. Perhaps even paranormal?”
“You mean like ghosts?” His tone came off flat; as if his next words were to tell me to seek help.
“More than that.”
He moved to speak but I continued with my thought anyway.
“I suppose there are things that you’d have to see to believe. Wanna go for a ride?”
“Do I have a choice?”
“Not if you want answers,” I said as I walked away.
Onyx was leaning against the wall, fiddling with her phone.
“Where’s Nicki?” I asked.
“Not sure. She took off, didn’t say where.”
I knew she’d be upset, but I didn’t think she’d leave during all this.
Roger came out into the hall. “Where to?”
“Did you tell him?” Onyx asked.
“I think showing him is the best route, here.”
“Do you think that’s wise?”
“If we need his help….”
“I’m standing right here,” Roger chimed in.
“Yes you are,” Onyx said, smirking. “Also, I call shotgun. I’m sick of sitting in the back.”
Roger opened his mouth but stopped when I shrugged.



****



“Really? The Motor Bar?” Roger looked up at the sign on the front of the building.
“You’ll see,” I said, stepping out of the car.
“You know, if you wanted to make up for missing my birthday, I could have given you a list of places to celebrate other than this one.”
In an instant I felt bad. It was clear he was deflecting but at the same time, I was about to ask him for a huge favor; one which could jeopardize his job, when I haven’t even treated him like a friend. Just someone I thought had a crush on me… which I used to my advantage on more than one occasion.
“I know I haven’t been very social. I respect you and what you do which is why I’m about to ask you for an immense favor. I’m putting a lot of faith in the fact that you might find this more of a medical curiosity and actually want to help.”
“I still have no idea what you’re asking me for, Elliot.”
“You’re right. Follow me.”
Onyx was already by the door. I entered just after her with Roger close behind.
Roger cautiously peered around the bar before fully stepping in. “Where is everyone?” he asked.
“Mostly gone. Come on.”
Blanche stepped out from the back room and greeted us. “This the guy?”
I nodded.
“I still think this is a bad, bad idea.” She tossed a rag onto the bar. “Whatever you’re gonna do, better make it fast. Earl ain’t doin’ so well.”
Between watching my steps and exchanging the occasional glance with Onyx, I kept a close eye on Roger and his reaction to what he was about to see.
“Elliot,” —he looked to the two occupied cages— “what is this?”
“Werewolves,” Blanche said, tromping casually down the stairs.
“Excuse me? I’m sorry… did you say… werewolves?”
“Sure did.” Blanche locked eyes with me. “It’s just better to rip the band aid off, hon.”
Onyx finally spoke up. “Now don’t freak out… but werewolves and other things, are very real. It’s like a world of people living alongside us, no different from you or me. The most important part about this is that you’re safe here. They won’t try to harm or attack you.”
As soon as the words left her lips, Earl shot up and clawed outward through the cage bars.
Roger yelped and jumped back as if he were about to run up the stairs.
Onyx moved in front of him. “This is why we need you. This behavior is not normal. Something is making them like this.”
“You need a vet. I work with corpses… not the things that make them.” The sound of anger and panic resonated in his voice.
“Please, Roger.” Those eyes of hers. She was pleading with Roger, but when I saw her, I wanted to melt. It was her vulnerability that drew me to her.
“I’m going to need more information if I am to consider doing this. And I stress the word, consider.”
Onyx threw up her hands. “Got it. Okay so first. For many hundreds of years, werewolves have lived among us, peacefully coexisted—never harming humans—”
“I wouldn’t say never,” Blanche interjected.
“Not helping, Blanche,” Onyx retorted. “Anyway. In the last week or so, something has made them all crazy, even forcing them to shift to a point where they can’t go back to their human selves.” She pointed to the second cage. “That’s the result right there.”
Roger turned around and curiously peered in. The wolf shifted in the cage causing him to jump back again.
“Reinforced titanium alloy,” Blanche said. “These boys ain’t goin’ nowhere.”
“Well that’s reassuring, I suppose,” Roger said.
“You need to do whatever it is you do and test them. Find out if it’s chemical or a bacteria—you know, doctor stuff.”
“Oh honey, look at you.” He chuckled to himself. “Doctor stuff.”
“I’m serious.”
“So am I. I’ll help, but I’m going to need some things.”
“Roger it’s important that I stress to you—”
“I know. Discretion.” He looked at me. “Elliot, I can keep a secret. Can you?”
His words caused a curl in my lips. Onyx gawking at us as if she were watching a strip show, caused me to straighten up. “I’ll take you back to your office.” I turned to Onyx. “Stay here. Call me if Nicki shows up, she hasn’t been answering any of my texts.”
“Got it.” Onyx narrowed her eyes at me, and that devious smile of hers grew even more.
Chapter 17



Onyx



“Blanche, can I ask you something?”
“You just did.”
I tilted my head and raised my brows.
“I’m only messing around. Sorry, I just need some humor to take my mind off all this.” She poured a shot of whiskey and slid it over to me. “On the house.”
“Why thank you, Blanche.”
“So what was your question?”
“Other than the obvious, what abilities do werewolves have? I mean Rome, for example, can touch my hand and see my immediate thoughts and sometimes recent events.”
“He can, huh? I’m gonna have to avoid letting him touch me.” She chuckled. “Well other than being fast, strong… hm.” She thought a moment. “Well it would help to know what you’re after, you clearly want something specific.”
“How do you know?”
“I can just tell. Your eyes, they dilate. I can hear your heart rate.”
“Good, actually, that’s exactly what I needed. So earlier, downstairs, did you notice anything peculiar going on between Elliot and Roger?”
“Depends. That boy looked like he was about to jump out of his skin.” She laughed then took a shot before pouring another. “However, he was eerily calm considering the circumstances, toward the end at least.”
“What else did you notice?”
“Elliot’s heartrate jumped. I mean I don’t think about most of this stuff when it happens, but I have an excellent memory. And if I had to guess, I’d think the two of them were hiding something.”
“So I’m not crazy.”
“I mean it was a tad obvious with their actual conversation about secrets. That Roger kid could have had a neon sign over his head with the words, “ask your doctor if lying is right for you.”
I burst out laughing. “You’re awesome. You remind me of my Aunt Belinda.”
“Was she like you?” She poured me another shot.
“No. She was a self-proclaimed medium. She could have been lying.” I shrugged. “Who knows?”
“So you’ve seen vampires, werewolves, and who knows what else… and you don’t believe in mediums or fortune telling?”
“I’ve seen ghosts and demons too, but I don’t think you can beckon the dead or reach into the spirit world to communicate.”
“You’re an odd ball, girly.” She downed another shot.
My lips tugged upwards into a wry smile. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
We shared a moment in laughter when the sound of the front door flying open caused us to perk up.
“Don’t tell me we have another one. I’m running out of cages, here.”
“Oh, my God,” I jumped out of my seat. “It’s Nicki!”
We both ran over to Nicki who was gripping the bar, claws beginning to protrude and dig into the wood, splintering it.
“This isn’t good.” Blanche got down on her knees, trying to see Nicki’s face. “Nicki, hon, what happened?”
A growl came from Nicki’s throat as she tried to speak through her heavy breathing. “A drink… this man, I—” She doubled over in pain, clutching the floor beneath her.
“Nicki, I’m gonna use your cuffs on you, is that okay?” Blanche asked. As if she had a choice, really?
Nicki nodded. “Hurry.”
Blanche pulled the cuffs from Nicki’s holster and forced her hands behind her back, cuffing them in the process. “We’re gonna take you downstairs, alright? It’s gonna be okay, your doctor friend will be here soon.” She looked up at me. “You better tell your friend to get back here… ASAP.”
I nodded and dialed Elliot.
“Everything okay, Onyx?”
“No. Whatever is going on… it’s happening to Nicki too.”
“We’re on our way.”
“Stay here,” Blanche said, helping toward the backroom.
Nicki wasn’t a fan of mine to begin with, and now that she was turning into a crazed monster, I could only imagine what she’d do if I were within arm’s reach. I thought it best to obey Blanche.



Sergeant Longbear



“Is it done?” the voice asked through the phone.
“Yes,” I said. “Please tell me she’s the last. If more bodies show up in my city under mysterious circumstances, there will be a light you don’t want shone down on you.”
“Is that a threat?”
“No, just a warning. You already asked me to keep an eye on the Qaletaqa… but this… this has gone too far.”
“If you’re telling me that your services are no longer of use to me, I can have you removed, wendigo.”
The voice became increasingly more menacing with every word.
“No… I—”
“Good. I’ll contact you with further instructions. Do not call again.”
He hung up.
And I was left staring at my pitiful reflection from the glass window.
Acknowledgements

Thanks to all my friends and family for the help and support while working on this project. I’d like to thank Marco for keeping my social media clean and up to date and my Aunt Su for recommending some really awesome and helpful resources.
Mom, Aunt Allyson, thank you both for your support during this transition and helping me see this through even during times of self-doubt.
Here’s a shout out to all the beta readers who gave me some wonderful feedback, especially Erik. Without you, I’d have no connection to one of the best artists I’ve met in a while and I’d have missed all of those little mistakes you caught early on.



Related Links and Social Media



Interested in what happens next?

Click here for volume three!
Or check out my other books on Smashwords!

Enjoy what you’ve just read?

Any and all feedback is appreciated. Click here to see my website and sign up for my newsletter!


Like me on Facebook!

Catch what I have to say on Twitter!

Leave a review on Goodreads!
