Blood Crave
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2010 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.



* * * * * *



Prologue

“Oh, fucking damn,” I said, letting out a long, long sigh. “This was going to be… fun.” I landed in a crouch, watching Donnica as she spoke to the others. This particular vampire had almost no powers to speak of. I scowled, narrowing my eyes as she broke from the others and came outside. Straightening, I waited until she rounded the corner before stepping In front of her. She came to an abrupt stop and stared up at me, eyes widening in shock. Pulling down my hood, my gaze met hers, her expression going blank. “Hello, Donnica.”
“Hi,” she said blankly.
“Do you know who I am?”
“Yes.”
“Pity, I was hoping you would say no.”
“What do you want?”
“I,” I said softly. “Find you… very interesting.”
“Why is that?”
I put a hand on her shoulder and shrugged. “Tell me, sweetheart, why is it you do not have the ability to say… fly?”
“I have no idea.”
“Who is your sire?”
“I don’t know that either.”
I sighed. “Very well. I think I shall stick around for a while. What say you?”
“Have we done anything wrong?”
“No,” I said softly and mentally reached out, until I had Eric, Trynnadon, James, Callan, and the others under my compulsion. “When you see me around or hear the mention of my name, you will not think of me as a Council Member,” I said, both mentally and out loud. “Do you understand?” Donnica nodded. “Matter of a fact, I’m not the head of the Council, I’m just…” I paused, frowning.
“A civilian?”
“Sure,” I said slowly. “You will think nothing of it when I all of a sudden join you on a mission… or two. Understand?” She nodded. “Now, run along, and oh, you won’t remember having this conversation. None of you will.” I watched her go, as I faded back into the shadows. I almost let out a whimper as I thought about what I was going to do. This was going to suck and suck hard. My head was already pounding at the thought of holding my beast on a tighter leash. Oh well, at least I had vampires to pick from, and vampire blood was just as good as human, if not better. It was time to play protector and kill some human assholes. This. Was going to fucking suck.


* * * * * *



Chapter One

DONNICA

I watched as the clouds slowly darkened the sky, making it even darker. It was going to rain and here I am standing in the middle of some deserted alley, a perfect target for a lightning strike. I could hear the thunder rumbling louder and louder overhead. I walked briskly toward the opening of the alley where it was brighter, not that I need any light to see where I was going. I swiftly made my way down the sidewalk, passing a few people making their way home. They all looked around as they felt me pass them. Moving in lightning speed, I was only a dark speck and a wind to them. I stopped as I saw the store I was looking for. The sign on the window read, All Things Electronic. The bell sounded as I entered the dim store. A few customers eyed me wearily. I walked down aisle after aisle, pretending to look for something to buy. I stopped to look at a surround-sound system. I moved on to check out other things while I wait for the store to slowly empty out. It was half an hour later when I found myself alone with just the store cashier. I walked over to the cash register and a girl in her teens looked up curiously. She stopped what she was doing and turned to look at me. “Can I help you?” she asked tiredly.
“Are you the only one here?” I asked.
She nodded. “What can I help you with?” she asked, looking at me suspiciously.
“Look, tonight is going to be your lucky night,” I said. “There's going to be a robbery here.”
Her eyes widen and she looked around nervously. “What do you want? I can give you anything you want, just let me know what it is, and I’ll hand it over.”
Her mind was spinning wildly. I smiled at her. “It’s not me, but whatever happens, don’t press the panic button. I’m here to help you.”
“How?” she breathed.
“Don’t worry about it.” I moved out of her view quick as a flash. She stared at the spot where I was standing just seconds ago in surprise. Act normal, I mentally said to her. She blinked, nodded, and went back to finish what she was doing earlier. Not a minute later, the bell sounded and two masked men enter the store. I smiled to myself as I watch them approach the register. A few words were exchange and out came the gun. The taller of the two pointed it steadily at the girl’s head. I dropped a mental wall on him just before his finger could touch the trigger. I watched his finger twitch as he tried to make contact with it. I snickered softly and silently came out of my hiding spot. The shorter one had a knife out and was an inch from cutting the girl, but too bad for him, I was mighty quicker. I swiftly went to him and knocked the knife out of his hand. The two men both look startled. I picked up the knife and pocketed it. The taller one was still trying to pull the trigger. “Having a problem there?” I asked. They both turn and head for the door. I was in front of them in a split second. “Don’t go. I’m not done yet.”
“Who are you?” the taller of the two asked.
“I was just about to ask the same thing. Boy, don’t we think alike.”
“Get out of our way, bitch!” said the shorter of the two.
“Now now Mathew, there's no need to be rude here.”
“How—how do you know my name?”
I smiled. “I just know. Take off your mask so I can see that lovely face of yours.” They both looked at one another. I glanced back to where the girl was. She was staring at me in interest. She saw me looking and she looked away. I turned my attention back to the two men. “Take it off or I’ll do it for you,” I said. The tall one pointed his gun at me and pulled the trigger. It hit me in the chest and yep, I went down. Blood quickly flowed out of my chest and on to the floor. The girl screamed and picked up the phone. With my power, I made her hang it up. The two men made a run for the door. I got up and swiftly grabbed both of them and threw them face down on the floor. Air whooshed out of them, and I rip the masks off. My stomach tightened as I smell the blood. They were bleeding from the nose and mouth. “I was hoping that I wouldn’t get shot tonight, but I did. How unfortunate of me,” I said. I caught the bullet as it came out of me. “Looks like I have myself a trophy.” They were staring at me curiously.
“What are you?” Mathew asked.
“Why do you ask such a question?”
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Because you’re not hurt.”
“Oh but I am. Getting shot in the chest or anywhere else rather hurts like a motherfucker.”
“But you’re not screaming in pain.”
I noticed that the taller one was staring at my chest. It was healing very quickly, too quickly. I smiled at him. He averted his eyes. “Fascinating isn’t it?” I asked.
He gulped. “You’re not human.”
“If I’m not human, then what am I?”
He shook his head. “I don’t know, but you’re not human.”
I ran my tongue around one of my fangs. I turned to check on the girl who was now silent. She was in shock, her lips quivering. “You’re right… I’m not human,” I hissed. I meant to say it calmly, but it came out as a hiss. They both squirm uncomfortably.
“Then what are you?” the taller one asked.
“Well Travis, I’ll be glad to show you.” Damn it! I thought to myself as I pulled Travis swiftly to me. His head tilted backward with the force of my pull. “Look at me,” I hissed. He shuddered and focused his attention on me. I open my mouth to reveal my fangs, sharp and aching to bite. He screamed and tried to get out of my grasp. Mathew went for the door again, and I saw the girl press a button to lock the door. I circled Travis firmly in my arms and put my mouth to his throat, and he scream even louder. “Shut up, you’re hurting my ears,” I said, and I opened the arteries in his neck. Blood, sweet and warm flowed freely into my mouth. I pulled and sucked at it like it was the last thing on earth. I let go of him and he fell back to the floor hard. I licked my lips and looked at Mathew. He was white as a ghost and looked about ready to pass out any second. “Give my thanks to Travis for shooting me, won’t you?” I asked as I made my short distance to where he was. He backed away quickly. I grabbed him by the arm and pulled him slowly toward me. He was about to say something, but my fangs already found his throat, and I fed hungrily. I finished feeding and turned back to look at the girl. I slowly went over to where she was standing. She was breathing fast.
“I was right,” she said, shuddering. “Thank you.”
“Don’t thank me. I just happened to be in the area.” I tried to capture her with my eyes. She was thinking about something else so I had to get her attention. “Focus, look at me,” I said. She snapped back to reality, and I caught her with my gaze. “You will not remember what just happen tonight. You won’t remember seeing me either.” I went over to the bodies and took the gun and pocketed it. I carried the bodies out the door and around the back of the store. I dumped it by the dumpster. I went back inside and found the empty shell casing. I picked it up along with the masks and went to drop it in the dumpster. Blood was still on the floor. “Do you have any cleaning products?” I asked.
“Yeah, I have some in the back.” She was still under the influence of my compulsion.
“Go get it and clean this up,” I said, pointing at the blood on the floor.
“Okay,” she said, disappearing to the back of the store. She came back out with some cleaning products and went to work. I watched as she scrubbed the floor clean.
“Remember, you don’t remember anything that happened here tonight,” I said and headed out the door.
Soaking wet from the rain and sticky from my own blood, I headed toward home. I felt another vampire behind me. I whirled around. “You reek of gunpowder,” said Trynnadon.
“Thanks for noticing,” I said.
“Fun night?”
“Not really.”
“Mmm, I see.” He came over to me and sniffed me. “Go clean up and then you have to pack.”
“That was my plan.” I left Trynnadon standing where he was. I went inside and straight to the bathroom to wash up. I looked at myself in the mirror. I was covered in blood. My eyes were now black with tinge of red around the pupils. I took out the knife and gun and set it on the side of the sink. I took my time washing up so it was fifteen minutes later when I got out of the shower. I dressed and picked up the knife and the gun from the sink and went to the kitchen. Scarlett was in there with her sister, Jessica.
“Hey Donnica, how’s it going?” Jessica asked, her eyes moving to the weapons in my hands.
“It’s going well, how about you?”
“I’m good.”
“And how is Scarlett doing?” I asked, my eyes flickering to her.
“I am doing pretty well too,” said Scarlett.
I handed the weapons over to Jessica. “Clean it and then put it in the weapon case when you are done,” I said. She nodded and got up from the table, Scarlett trailing behind her.
“You still smell like gunpowder,” said Trynnadon, entering the kitchen.
“Gee thanks,” I said.
“You’re welcome.” Trynnadon walked over to Scarlett. She cringed and backed away. “You’re still afraid of me?”
“Every single human in this house is afraid of you, Eric, and all the other vampires,” said Jessica.
“Even me?” I asked.
“Yep, you too Donnica.”
“I like to keep it that way,” said Trynnadon.
“So do I,” said Eric, entering from the living room.
“Sometimes I like it that way,” I said.
“You’re too gentle on your victims,” said Eric, turning to face me. “You need to make them suffer,” he chuckled.
“I do make them suffer, and I surely do enjoy it very… much.”
“Hey, two of your victims are standing right here,” said Jessica.
“Oh right, sorry,” said Eric.
“I wonder what you twos blood taste like,” I said. “Maybe, I’ll catch one of you alone some day.”
Trynnadon and Eric both chuckled. “Yeah me too,” said Trynnadon.
“Me three,” said Eric. “Okay, go pack up, Jess. I’ll put the weapons away.” She nodded and strode out of the kitchen.
“Who’s all going?” I asked.
“You, me, Tryn, Jess, Kallie, and Kara,” said Eric.
I nodded. “Great team, what are we doing anyways?”
“A family needs our help,” said Trynnadon.
“Ah… I see. Is it like the Kegorah’s case?”
“Won’t know until we get there,” said Eric. I nodded and backed out of the kitchen.
I headed to my room. I plop myself on my bed and laid there. I drifted into my so call downtime state. I felt a hard poke on my side. I ignored it like I always do when I don’t want to be bothered. I felt a sharp pain on my neck and instincts took over. My eyes flew opened and at the same time I bolt upright. Someone twisted my arms behind my back before I could do anything. I looked behind me. “Next time don’t ignore us when we’re trying to wake you,” said Trynnadon, smirking. “Or I could bite you again if that’s what you like.”
I snarled at him. “Let me go so I can rip your head off.”
He laughed. “Only if you can catch me.”
I glared at him. “I hate you.”
He smiled. “I know you love me. Now get your ass up, and don’t hit me or you’ll be sorry, missy.” He let go of me and was out the door before I could take a swing at him.
“Bastard,” I said under my breath.
“I heard that,” Trynnadon yelled.
“Oh shut up,” I growled. I heard him snickering in my head. I got up and walk over to the closet, pulling out a black shirt and black pants. I dressed quickly and grabbed my radio and cell phone off the nightstand and shoved it in my pocket. I went to the living room. I whack Trynnadon on the back of the head, hard enough to make him wince. I sat on the couch and stared at him. He glared back at me.
“I’m so gonna get you for that,” he said.
“She got you good,” said Eric, laughing.
“Jessica!” Trynnadon shouted. “Ten minutes until we have to leave!”
“Okay!” Jessica shouted back.
“Are you trying to blow our eardrums out here, Tryn?” asked Eric.
“Mmhmm.” Kara and Kallie both entered the living room, Kallie headed toward the kitchen. I leaned back on the couch and watched both Eric and Trynnadon watching me. “Looks like you’re going to kill someone any second now,” said Trynnadon. “And I hope that someone is not me.” He smirked, shaking his head.
I sighed. “It is you.”
He chuckled. “I’ll be waiting.” Kallie finally entered with a tray that had three plates filled with sausages, bacon, toast, and three cups of orange juice. She gently set it on the table, and Kara immediately dug in.
“I’m coming, I’m coming,” Jessica screamed. Kallie and Kara both looked at each of us questioningly. Trynnadon pointed at Eric. They both nodded and went back to eating. A minute later, Jessica finally entered. She sat beside Kara and pulled her plate of food toward her. The living room was silent except for the sound of chewing and drinking. Jessica finally broke the silence. “Do I bring my radio?” she asked.
“Yes, you always carry it with you wherever you go,” said Trynnadon.
“Okay.” They finished up there breakfast and Kallie took the tray into the kitchen. She came back out a moment later. Trynnadon, Eric, and I slowly got up and all six of us headed out the door. I took out my sunglasses and slipped them on, Eric and Trynnadon doing the same. Gabriella went over to the driver side as we all filed in.
“You girls got everything?” I asked, looking at Jessica, Kara, and Kallie. They all thought about it for a moment and nodded. “We’re good to go then,” I said to Gabriella. She started up the engine and we were off to LAX Airport. I felt Trynnadon shifted uneasily beside me. I glanced up at him. He looked back at me. He was thirsty, I could tell. He was broadcasting loud and clear. I slowly pulled his sunglasses off and sure enough, I was right. His black eyes bored into me ferociously. He took his sunglasses back from me and slipped them back on. I can feel the energy off of him like shockwaves, pulsing off of me. I looked at Kara, Kallie, and Jessica. They were rubbing their arms and squeezing them, trying to make the tingling sensation go away. Eric was just looking out the window and being very still, as still as a vampire can be. Trynnadon leaned into me, his mouth touching my throat. He slowly inhaled my scent. He stayed there for a minute and reluctantly moved away
“I should’ve fed before leaving,” Trynnadon muttered. He sighed and growled. Jessica, who was the next person closest to him shivered and rub her hand faster up and down her arm. She tensed up when Trynnadon looked at her.
“Bite me,” I said to him.
He turned to look at me, a look of surprise on his face. “Before you were going to kill me and now you’re telling me to bite you, make up your mind.”
“I’m still going to kill you, but you need to feed before you go berserk out on the streets.”
“And you?”
I narrowed my eyes. “I don’t know. I’ll manage.”
He shook his head. “No.”
I nodded and he turned to look out the window. He unsuccessfully tried to keep his mind off from what he so badly craved. I tried to offer myself again. “Tryn, you need to feed, and I don’t think Kara, Kallie, or Jessica is willing.” He growled which made the three girls squirm uncomfortably. He slowly tore his gaze away from the window. His hands shot out at me, holding me in place. The girls gasped and moved as far as the car would allow. Trynnadon had to changed position, because of how tall he was. I literally was in his lap. He lean down and I stretched up to meet his mouth. “This sucks,” I said. He growled and I felt the sharp stinging pain of his fangs. I couldn’t help it, a small noise escape my throat. I felt the venom slowly enter me. “Don’t do that,” I spat out. He growled and bit me even harder, making the blood flow out quicker. I squealed and jerked slightly; he tightened his grip, stopping me from moving an inch. I  started to feel my hunger rising. "That’s enough,” I said, pushing at him. He growled for the third time and withdrew his fangs. He quickly swept his tongue over the wound, enough to stop the blood, but not enough to heal. I moved away from him. I could already feel the wound closing. “Are you good for a few?” I asked. He nodded, but didn’t say anything. Jessica was about to roll the window down, but Trynnadon’s hand, quick as lightning, stopped her before she could push the button. She jerked her hand out from under his, flexing her fingers. I could see the terminal coming up ahead. “A little further and to the right,” I told Gabriella. We turned right off of 99th Street into the parking area. Gabriella made a circle around to look for an opening. She finally found a parking spot and we all got out. Kallie, Jessica, and Kara went around to the back of the car and took out there luggage. “Do you really need to pack that much?” I asked them as I got my duffel bag out.
“We don’t know how long we’ll be in Colorado, do we?” asked Jessica.
“Okay, you have a point there, but still.”
“Have fun in Colorado,” said Gabriella.
“Oh believe me, we will,” I said. Goodbyes were exchange and we watched as Gabriella drove off.
“Damn rain,” said Kallie as we made our way through the security checkout line. We were scanned and processed and ready to board. We headed to gate C12 to wait. It wasn’t long until our flight arrived, and we were up in the air in fifteen minutes time.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

The plane ride went smoothly without any incidence. We all slept through the whole flight, well Jessica, Kara, and Kallie did. The vampires just went to their downtime state. The passengers were probably all staring at us, thinking we’re the oddest group of people on earth. It was several hours later that the plane finally touched down in Colorado Springs Airport. Kara called the car rental place to make sure that everything was ready for us. “Affirmative,” she said as she dialed another number. “I’m getting a cab; don’t want to look suspicious since we just got here.” We all nodded. “Five minutes 'til the cab gets here,” she said and flipped her phone shut.
“So, we’re going to just stand around and wait?” asked Eric.
“I guess so.”
“Might as well get out of the crowd at least,” he sighed. She nodded and headed toward the terminal exit while we followed behind. We walked until we came to McClarie Road where the cab supposed to pick us up.
“If the driver is one minute late, I’m going to bite his or her head off,” said Trynnadon.
Eric chuckled. “Not if I get my hands on them first.”
“Hey guys, cool it,” I said. “We’re supposed to act like humans for a while.”
“Humans,” Eric groaned.
“If you haven’t notice, there are three humans standing a short distance from you,” said Jessica.
“Oh yes, I totally forgot,” I said sarcastically. “Would you like me to hold some of that for you?” I asked Kallie since it looked like that she was having trouble holding her bags.
“No, I’m good,” she said. “If I start to fall over before the cab gets here then I might change my mind.”
I laughed. “Suit yourself. Don’t say that no one has offered to help.”
“Oh I won’t.”
“Well, look who’s here,” I said as the cab pulled up to the curb.
We cramped ourselves into the cab. The driver told us our ride cost and we were off to the Inz Hotel.  Fifteen minutes later we pulled into the Inz parking lot. We all paid our two dollars fee and got out. Jessica held the door opened as we all filed in to what looked like a lobby. The interior was gloomy with plush chairs scattered here and there and a TV hanging up on the wall. A sign on one of the doors read, Gift Shop. Eric went up to the counter to pay for our rooms while we waited. Trynnadon was eyeing all the customers hungrily. I put a restraining hand on his arm. He looked down at me and a low growl escaped him. He shrugged away from me and stared down at the floor. Eric finally came out of the crowd with a paper and three keycards in his hand. He pointed to the elevator. We followed and waited for the door to open. I had to press the up button several times before the door even open up for us to enter. Once we were in, Eric hit the seventh floor button. A few seconds later, the door opened and a ding sounded. We stepped off the elevator and move aside for a few people to get on. Eric pointed down the hall to our right. We head down that direction and took a left at the corner. Several rooms were on each side of the hall. “Our room numbers are 704, 705, and 706. We need to figure out who’s sharing a room with who,” said Eric.
“I’ll share a room with Kallie,” said Jessica.
“Fine with me,” Kallie said, nodding her head.
“Kara and Donnica?” asked Eric. She cringed at the thought of sharing room with a vampire. I smiled at her.
“I promise not to bite you while you’re sleeping,” I said.
“Just be thankful that you’re not sharing a room with me or Tryn,” said Eric. She hesitated for a long minute before nodding her head in defeat.
“I’m guessing that Jessica and I have the room 704?” asked Kallie. Eric handed out the keys and we all went to our rooms to unpack. I slipped the keycard into the slot and a click sounded as I turned the knob. I pushed the door opened and stepped inside, Kara following behind me. I let the door slam shut as I scan the room. Two queen-size beds took up the far wall, a nightstand with a clock radio between it. A television set at the foot of the beds. A tiny bar was just to the left of the TV and a huge window dominating one side of the room.
“Can you close the curtains?” Kara nodded and strode over and pulled the heavy curtains close, blocking the outside view. She went over to one of the beds and sat down. She removed her backpack and set it beside her. I went over to the second bed and drop my duffel bag at the foot of the bed. “You can unpack. I’m going out to feed,” I said.
“But it’s still a little bright out,” said Kara.
“I have my sunglasses, and it’s going to be dark out pretty soon anyways.”
“Okay, can I get something to eat as well?”
I nodded. “Take Jessica and Kallie with you, if they’re hungry.” She nodded as I made my way out the door.
I took the elevator down to the lobby. The receptionist glared at me as I went out the double doors. What was her fucking problem, I silently muttered. I slipped on my sunglasses and crossed the parking lot. I walk down the sidewalk in search of someone that looked and smelled appetizing. The sky darkened as I made my way down an alley and out onto another street. Two redheads were a few yards ahead and I track them like a predator straight out of their nightmares. I made my move and sprang on the taller of the two, knocking both of us to the asphalt. Before a scream can escape, I sank my fangs into him, cutting off his squeaks of shock. I drew the warm sweetness of his blood with a hint of whatever he was shooting up a few minutes ago and swallowed. Okay, he didn’t look or smell appetizing, but my hunger overruled me. I swept my tongue over the bite and let him go. I watched as he clumsily got up and stumbled away as fast as his weaken state would allow. I got up and scanned for the other kid that ran off. I sniffed the air and caught the scent just a few blocks away from where I was, and I followed it back to that alley where I was not too long ago. I arrived to find him staggering away in the other direction. From the looks of him, someone already fed off of him. Probably Eric or Tryn was out here somewhere. It was now fully dark out, and I took off my sunglasses and stuffed it in my pocket. I waited for a few stragglers to pass. I stepped out of the shadows and made my way back to the hotel. I thanked the girl that was holding the door and walk through. Oh good, that moody bitch was not on the night shift, if she was, I might of started something with her. I headed toward the elevator and punched the up button. The door slid open and I entered. I hit the seventh floor and waited. I stepped out to find Trynnadon and Eric just making the corner. “What’s up?” I asked. Trynnadon and Eric walked up to where I was standing and nodded. “We’re off to talk to the family,” said Eric. “Back in the elevator you go.” I nodded and we all filed into the small elevator.
“Are they close to here?” I asked.
“Yes, like five minutes away,” said Trynnadon.
“Our Car is out in the parking lot,” said Eric.
“Um, who went and got the car?” I asked.
“Kallie did.” The door closed and we rode the elevator down to the lobby. The receptionist looked up and Trynnadon had him under in a split second.
“You saw no one exiting the elevator just now.” We were outside just as the receptionist, surprise and confused, turn to look at the monitor. I followed Trynnadon and Eric to a red car and got in, Trynnadon driving and Eric in the passenger’s seat.
“So, who are we meeting?” I asked.
“The McKenzys,” said Trynnadon.
“The whole family?”
“I think will find out when we get there.”
“You’re not much of a help here.”
“I never meant to be helpful.”
“Whatever,” I said, sighing.
“He’s moody, because he didn’t get enough of that hot girl,” said Eric.
Trynnadon frowned. “What hot girl?”
“The girl you were feeding off of.”
“Oh she is so not hot.”
I laughed. “I guess none of you stole my druggies then?” Trynnadon made a gagging sound. “What? I was in the alley and they were alone so I went for it.”
“No, we didn’t,” said Eric.
“I was gonna go for the second kid, but when I found him, it looked like one of you had him.”
Eric shook his head. “Nope, wasn’t us.”
“How far away do they live?” I asked.
“Uh, we’re here,” said Trynnadon. “And you asked me that question when we were in the elevator.”
“Oh.” Trynnadon and Eric both laughed.
“Looks like somebody is not in their right mind here,” said Trynnadon. “She’s off the case.”
“No I am not.” He chuckled and opened the door. Eric and I did the same. We walked up to the door and I knocked loudly. I heard movements, and I took a step back. The door slowly opened and a young boy stood in the doorway. He looked to be around ten years old. He looked at all of us nervously. Stepping back, he opened the door wider and nodded. I slowly went in, Eric and Trynnadon following behind me. I smiled at the boy. He smiled back at me shyly and led us to the living room. He pointed to the couch and I went over to sit while Trynnadon and Eric went to stand against the wall. We all stared at the boy, waiting for him to say something. I was about to ask something when his hands started to move. Holy shit, this kid is deaf, I thought to myself. Then I looked at Eric who looked confused and Trynnadon who was signing back to the boy. I cleared my throat. “Uh, want to tell us what he is saying?”
“He is telling us that his mom is in the shower and would be out in a few minutes,” said Trynnadon.
“And you told him…”
“I told him no problem, and now he’s asking us if we would like anything to eat or drink.” I looked at the boy and shook my head, Eric just look… intrigued?
“When did you learn ASL?” Eric asked.
“Years ago,” Trynnadon answered. “I thought it would come in handy sooner or later.”
“Well, what do you know? Here you are using something you finally learned, what a surprise,” I said.
“I don’t see you using something to your advantage,” said Trynnadon, moving away from the wall and walking toward the boy.
“Tryn, don’t even think about it.”
“Think about what?”
“Move away from him, I know what you’re thinking about.”
“I wasn’t going to touch him.”
“Sure you weren’t,” said Eric. “Come on, a vampire walking toward a human without telling them is a bad sign.”
Trynnadon stop just a few feet from the boy. “Honestly, I wasn’t going to hurt him.” The boy looked up at Trynnadon with a hint of fear. He backed up to the couch and sat himself down, folding his arms tightly around himself.
“The mother is coming out, move away before she goes berserk and decide to stake us with a poker stick,” I said, looking toward the fireplace.
Trynnadon smiled and in a flash was back against the wall with Eric. “That wouldn’t do us or this family any good,” he said. “If that ever happened I would be out of commission for a day, and I’m not going to sit still while my heart is healing unless you somehow convince Jenkins to build a blood bank.”
I laughed. “Unnecessary, you just stand there and behave yourself for a few minutes.”
Trynnadon scoffed. “Donnica giving orders? Wow.” He sighed. “Yes Donnica, I’ll behave myself.” We all looked toward the hallway as the bathroom door opened. The mother stepped out wearing a bathrobe. She looked around. Spotting us, she gave a small sound of shock. Couldn’t blame her, I probably would also be shocked out of my wits to find three huge scary looking people in the living room. She composed herself and nodded to us and put up a finger and hurried into the bedroom and closed the door. The boy started signing and Trynnadon fixed his gaze on him. He nodded and the boy relaxed a bit. “He was just making sure that none of us are going to hurt them,” said Trynnadon. “I promised him that we wouldn’t.”
Eric and I nodded. “Is the mother deaf too?” I asked.
“Um…” Trynnadon looked at the boy and started to sign. The boy shook his head. “There’s your answer, she’s not deaf.”
“Okay. What’s her name?”
“Gee, I thought you’d never ask. Julia is her name.” I nodded as the bedroom door opened. Julia slowly made her way to the living room, a nervous expression played across her face. She went over to sit beside her son. She put a hand on his shoulder and finally looked up at us.
“My daughter, Peyton has been missing for days,” she said. She took a deep sigh and let it out slowly. “Last I saw her, was on her birthday. I went to wake her up the next morning. She wasn’t in her bed like she was supposed to be. My son Christian and I looked all over the neighborhood but no sign of her anywhere.” She laughed nervously. “I’m sorry… I should've introduced myself. I didn’t mean to jump right into… Please forgive me. I’m Julia and this is Christian, my son. He’s… deaf. I forgot to mention it when I called.” She smiled down at the boy sitting beside her.
“It’s no problem, Ms. McKenzy,” I assured her. “I understand.”
“Please, call me Julie.”
“I’m Donnica. It’s nice to meet you. This is Eric and Trynnadon. They’ll be helping out as well.” She gave Eric and Trynnadon a nervous smile. I got up and went over to her. She shuddered. “I won’t hurt you. It’s alright. I’m the nicest out of the group.” I smiled at her.
“I’m sorry. I’m not use to having vampires in my house. Surely you can understand that.”
“I do understand. You’re not the first to say that.” She nodded. “I just have a couple of questions about Peyton.”
“She’s a good girl, never causes any trouble.”
“I’m sure she is, but that wasn’t one of my questions.” I laughed. “I want to know how old she is.”
She laughed nervously. “She just turned twelve.”
“Does she have many friends?”
“Yes, mostly from her school.”
“Does she invite them over from time to time?”
She nodded. “She usually invites the same group of friends over.”
“How many friends does she have in her inner circle?”
“Three.”
“I see…”
“I have a question,” said Trynnadon. “Have you seen anything suspicious in the time leading up to her disappearance?”
“No. I didn’t see anything.”
“Do you have a picture of her?” I asked.
She nodded and got up. She walked over to the coffee table and picked up a picture. She flipped it over and handed it to me. “This is the most recent photo I have of her.”
I nodded. I put the picture in my pocket and took out a mini notepad and a pen. “I’m going to give you our cell numbers.” I wrote the numbers down and tore off the paper. I handed it to her and she slowly took it. “I want you to call any of us if you can remember anything else.”
She nodded. “I will call if I find anything unusual or remember anything.”
“We’ll meet again, Ms. McKenzy.” Trynnadon and Eric moved away from the wall and slowly made their way to the door. “In the meantime, you have yourself a good night.”
“I’ll try. You all have a good night as well.”
I smiled. “We will. The night is not over for us, not in a long shot.” I turned and walk to the door, Julia leading the way. She opened the door and the cold night air blew through the doorway. Trynnadon, Eric and I stepped out. Julia waved to us as we made our way to the car. I breathed in the cold air and caught the scent of… uh… another vampire? No way in hell could that be. I opened the door and got in the back. Trynnadon and Eric both turned to look at me. “What?” Eric asked. “You look taken aback about something.”
“Start driving and I’ll tell you,” I said. They both turned around and Trynnadon started up the car. We backed out and on to the street.
Trynnadon coughed. “So, are you going to tell us?” he asked.
“Roll down your window and take a nice whiff of the air,” I said.
Trynnadon and Eric both rolled down their windows and did as I said. They both winced and put the windows back up and Trynnadon cursed loudly.
“Mother. Fucker,” he hissed.
“Recognize it?” I asked.
“No,” Trynnadon and Eric said in unison.
“Looks like we have to stalk the streets then.”
“Yeah, let’s take the car back first,” said Eric.
It was silent in the car after that. I leaned back and closed my eyes and thought about… nothing. I heard the doors opening and my eyes flew open. Trynnadon and Eric were looking at me. Feeling annoyed, I open the door and got out. “Going our separate ways?” I asked. They nodded.
“Turn your radio down all the way,” said Trynnadon. “We’ll buzz each other if we come across anything.” I nodded and headed the other way, the way that would take me deep into the night to look for--I have no idea. But the only way to find out was to come face to face with this unknown vampire.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

I made my way down a side road, picking up nothing unusual. What the hell, I could no longer pick up the scent. I made my way toward a large group of people hanging out by what looked like a drug house. The smell of heroin, cocaine and other drugs assaulted my nose. “Well, well, well, look who’s here.” I snapped my head up and looked around. I felt a cold wind behind me and attempted to turn around with no luck. Cold hands clamp down on me and twisted my arms behind my back. I struggled to get free, but I couldn’t.
“Let me go!” I hissed.
“I didn’t think I would find someone like you, but you’re so… interesting.” A deep whispery voice said behind me, and it sent chills down my spine. I used all my strength and twisted out of his steel hold. I turned to see who was behind me. Before I can make out who it was, he pulled me into him, and everything faded to black. A second later, the darkness lifted. Confused as I was, I pulled away from him and looked around.
“Where the fuck am I?” I asked.
“You’re just a few blocks away from where you were.”
“The hell do you mean?”
A low growl escaped him. “What I mean is that I took you somewhere more secluded, away from those druggies and their whores.”
“Why?”
“Because I'd like to get to know you better, and we’re out of earshot of anybody that’s listening.” I turned to make a quick escape, but he was already blocking my way. I cursed under my breath. This vampire was a lot faster and more powerful than I was, and I had no way of running from his grasp. He stroked my cheek and leaned into me, inhaling my scent. “Donnica, did you really think that you can vanish out of my sight so quickly?”
“Who are you?”
“I thought you would be using your telepathy by now.”
“I can’t.”
He smiled at me. “Hmm.”
“You’re doing this to me, aren’t you!?”
“Do what?” he whispered. I was terrified of him, not knowing what else he can do to me. I try to mentally ask for help but I couldn’t. “Don’t call for help. This is only between you and me.”
“Who are you?” I repeated.
“Tristan.”
“Tristan,” I said thoughtfully. “You don’t sound familiar to me.”
“We never met before. I was observing you, quite the scene there, back in Los Angeles.”
“What? You were there?”
He smiled. “I was just curious.” Pain shot through me and I fell to my knees, panting. Clutching my pounding head, I looked up at him. His expression was unreadable, and the pain was getting worse.
“Stop!” I managed to spit out. He smiled and the pain slowly dissipated. I slumped forward, gasping for air. “You fucking bastard,” I said between each breath.
“I was just testing you. Wanted to see how much you can handle, no need to be hasty.”
“Stop blocking my links, damn it!”
“Did you forget that you have a radio?”
“Fuck you! Just fuck! You!” I slowly sat up and pulled my radio from my pocket. I watch Tristan’s every move as I radio for Tryn or Eric. A shockwave of uneasy energy ran through me as I was about to hit the call button. It blanketed me and I was frozen in fear. My breathing sped up as he slowly came closer to me. He plop his ass down on the cold ground and stared at me for what felt like a long time. He licked his lower lip, and I could hear a low growl issuing from him. He turned his head to look behind him.
“Looks like you didn’t need that radio after all,” he whispered. “They’re here.” Tristan stood up, pulling me up with him. I was swiftly pulled into his embrace. I could hear Eric and Trynnadon nearby.
“Who are you?” Trynnadon growled.
“I might ask the same,” said Tristan.
“Let go of her.”
“Not until I get a taste of her.” I pushed against him with no avail. He chuckled. “She’s getting a little antsy here.”
“Let her go,” Trynnadon repeated.
He let me go and took a step away. “Satisfied?”
Trynnadon nodded. “May I ask who you are?”
“I’m Tristan,” he growled. “And you must be Trynnadon.” He looked at Eric. “And you must be Eric?”
“Yes,” said Eric.
Tristan chuckled. “I was observing you guys.” Shock crossed both of their faces for a split second before they both composed themselves.
“How long were you observing us?” Eric asked.
“For quite a while I have to say.”
“And you followed us here?”
He smiled. “Yes, I did.”
“What do you want?” asked Trynnadon.
“Nothing apart from me joining the McKenzy’s case. I was planning to stop by the hotel, but I happen to run into this… girl.”
“Um, that’s fine by us, but why did you have to kidnap Donnica?”
Tristan snorted. “Kidnap, please, you have to be out of your mind. I merely wanted to bite her.”
I backed away a few more steps from him. “Why do you want to bite me, Tristan? I’m like you.”
He smiled. “Because, for one, you smell appetizing, and two, I want to.” I looked at Trynnadon and Eric who were standing very still, too still for my liking. Tristan chuckled. “I don’t think they’ll mind.” Before I could even turn to run, he had me in a tight embrace again. I growled at him. Everything faded to black once again. I struggle and struggle to get free with no use. I tilt my head back and tried to see where I was, and by god was that a big mistake on my part. Tristan sank his fangs into me and pain rippled through my body like fire. I screamed, but no sound escape my throat. My back arched and my muscles bunched together. The pain grew worse as he drank and drank from me. White light appeared and I knew I was falling into the abyss when darkness closed around me.
I woke up to a stabbing searing pain. I tried to get up, but I noticed I was strapped down to something cold and hard. I opened my eyes and closed it again. The pain was just too unbearable to withstand. Even though I was silently burning up inside, I noticed I wasn’t alone. A cool hand gently brushed my sweaty strand of hair from my cheek. “Is she awake?” asked Eric.
“Yes, she is,” Trynnadon replied.
“Why isn’t she screaming in pain?”
“Tristan is still silencing her.”
“Hmm, where is he anyways?”
“Right. Here,” said Tristan.
Eric and Trynnadon growled. “What did you do to her?” asked Eric.
“She’s not going to die, if that’s what you’re wondering,” Tristan growled. “And plus, the pain will subside soon enough.”
“How soon?” Trynnadon growled.
“Don’t know.”
“What the fuck you mean you don’t know?”
“How about you try and suck it out of her?” he snapped.
“Because what you injected in her is not venom.”
Tristan snarled, and I felt him coming closer. The pain was going away as I listened to the three vampires argued. He muttered under his breath. His cold hand touched my hand and the pain suddenly disappeared altogether, but something else took its place. My hunger rose inside me with vengeance. My fangs shot out and venom filled my mouth, I was now paralyzed, due to Tristan’s many abilities. How many god damn abilities does this fucker have? I wasn’t about to find out, because I sure as hell didn’t want to know. “Open your eyes, Donnica,” Tristan said, still growling. I slowly opened my eyes to find all three staring at me with guarded expressions. He put his wrist to my mouth, and I stared at him, confused. “Drink.” I obeyed and bit down hard and he grunted. I pulled at his wrist at lapped at it like a baby. He chuckled in amusement. “Aren’t we all a happy camper, just fucking wonderful.” I pulled away and he pressed his wrist to my mouth so I kept on drinking. “You need more. I pretty much fucked up your bloodstream.” A minute later, which felt like eternity, Tristan pulled his wrist away. He licked closed the two punctured wounds that I made.
“How do you feel?” Trynnadon asked.
“Um, I feel like I could sleep for a century,” I said.
He grunted. “I would probably feel the same.”
“Oh would you? I find that hard to believe.” I turn my head to look at Tristan. “What the hell were you doing at the drug house?”
He laughed. “I was watching you looking for me.”
I hissed. “I. Hate. You. So fucking! Much!”
“You’ll get over it.”
I growled. “Where are we anyways?”
“In the middle of nowhere.”
“I wasn’t asking you for your information.”
Trynnadon and Eric chuckled. “Just a few more blocks away from where we were,” said Eric.
I look down at what was under me. It was a long metal table, long enough to strap one person on it. It looked like an operating table. “Mind taking this off of me?” I looked at the metal thing that was strapping me down. If you attempt to break free of this thing, one hundred thousand volts of electricity would course through your body, and the humans can kiss this table goodbye. “So, are you going to let me up or not?” I looked at all of them pleadingly.
Tristan walked over and loomed over me. “Feeding time is over.”
I nodded. “Just let me up, I’m fine.” He release the three straps and it clank against the holder as he dropped it. I sat up and looked around. We were surrounded by trees. Well, not really, but there was a lot of trees to be seen.
“Shall we get going?” Trynnadon asked. I nodded and got up. Eric folded up the table and in a few minutes, we were all running. The cold air whipped at our faces as we flew by. We didn’t slow down until we were a block from the hotel.
“Did we break the time limit?” I asked. They all laughed.
“Does three minutes and forty-one seconds mean anything?” Tristan asked. “That is ten minutes by car.”
“I guess.”
“Tristan, you need a room?” Trynnadon asked.
“Yes, I do.” Eric opened the door to the lobby and we all entered. We walked up to the receptionist desk where a young woman was clicking away at the computer. She looked up when Trynnadon tapped on the desk.
“Oh sorry, do you need something?”
“Yes,” said Tristan. “I need a room, room 707?”
“Sure, let me see if that room is available.”
“Take your time.” Tristan turned to Trynnadon and whispered, “Make sure nobody is watching.” Trynnadon nodded and focused his eyes on the people that were left in the lobby.
“Sir, that room is open. Do you need anything?”
“No, just the keycard would be all.”
“Okay, the room cost is…” Her voice trailed off as Tristan locked eyes with her.
“I need the keycard to room 707, please.”
“But you have to…”
“Give me. The keycard. Now.” She reached under the counter and pulled a keycard from somewhere. She handed it to him, and he took it, releasing her from his compulsion. A look of surprise crossed her face. “Thank you.”
“Uh, you’re welcome. You have a nice night, sir.”
“Same to you.” We turned and headed for the elevator. I hit the up button. The door opened, and we stepped inside. A few people were already on.
“What floor?” the closest to the panel asked.
“Seven,” I said.
He pressed the seventh floor button and the elevator door closed. “They need to fix this before we get stuck in here one day,” he said.
“I agree with you on that,” said Tristan.
“I’m Blake.”
“Tristan.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Tristan. If you don’t mind me asking are you guys on some kind of job?”
“Are we that obvious?” Trynnadon asked.
“Well, you guys are wearing the same color clothes and I always think of business stuff or military when I see more than one people wearing the same thing.”
I laughed. “I guessed you can say we’re on a mission,” I said. “What are you doing renting a hotel?”
“I’m on a search team.” The door opened and we all stepped out. “We’re uh… searching for my son.”
“What?” Eric, Trynnadon and Tristan turned back and walked over to where I was. “Your son?”
“Yes, my son, Adam. He’s been missing for a week.”
Tristan hissed. “God damn it.”
Blake scanned down the halls for signs of people around. “I know what you are,” he whispered.
“Oh really?” Trynnadon asked.
He nodded. “Vampires,” he whispered.
He chuckled. “Let’s go to my room so we can talk about it some more,” Blake nodded and we all followed Trynnadon to his room. He unlocked the door and we entered. Trynnadon walked over to the window and looked out.
“So the last time you saw Adam was a week ago?” Eric asked.
Blake nodded. “He’s my only child.”
Trynnadon turned away from the window and fix his gaze on Blake. “Funny, how we meet in a shithole elevator.”
“Uh, I’m uh… sorry. I wasn’t spying on you guys. I swear.”
“Really?” He walked over to Blake. “I find that hard to believe, my friend.”
“I’m telling the truth.”
“Look at me.” Blake looked up and met Trynnadon’s gaze, and he was under in a second. “Is everything you’re telling me the whole truth, nothing but the truth?”
“Yes,” he said tonelessly.
Trynnadon released him and backed away. “Very well, Blake. Do you have a picture of him?”
“Yes, yes I do.” Blake pulled out his wallet and took out a small picture and gave it to him. Trynnadon looked my way and threw the picture at me. I caught it and put it in my pocket.
“Go look, I’ll question him.”
I nodded. “Tristan? Want to tag along?”
He smiled. “I’d love to.”
Tristan and I left Trynnadon’s room and headed for the elevator for the umpteenth time. “I swear the elevator will be broken by tomorrow if we keep abusing it,” I said.
“It’s already half broken.”
“Hey, what will you do if we all of a sudden plummeted down this damn elevator shaft?”
“I can levitate.”
“Oh yeah, so I’m the only one with no special powers, I see…”
“Poor you, a baby vampire, go figure.”
“Shut up, Tristan. I swear I’ll rip your head off. I haven’t forgotten what you’ve done to me you pathetic fuck.”
“You and your language, you might need a good mouth washing one of these days.” I kicked him in the shin. He smiled and just looked… well, very, very thirsty, now that I got a good look at him. The door opened and Tristan and I stepped out and were greeted by a large crowd. Tristan hissed and cursed, and cursed some more. I looked around the lobby and over the heads of the crowd. From here I could see… holy fucking shit! My fangs shot to their full length. There was blood and a hell of a good amount, a pool more like it. I looked over at Tristan. He was going to break, if I didn’t do anything about it. I got behind him and put his hands behind his back and applied all my strength on it. It was with a little struggle since I was controlling the urge myself. I heard the sirens of many police cars arriving. With all my strength, I pushed Tristan into a dark corner of the lobby. We watched as the cops burst through the doors. The crowd parted ways for them to get through. I hissed at the sight of blood while at the same time trying to keep Tristan from advancing on the crowd. “We have to get out of here,” Tristan said with tremendous effort. He turned around to face me. He pulled me into him swiftly and everything faded into darkness. A second later, cold air whipped against me. I pulled away from him and automatically took several steps back. I so did not want his fangs anywhere near me ever again. I inhaled the fresh air, and it relieved the hunger a bit. “I can’t think straight,” Tristan hissed. “Give me the picture.” I took the picture out and handed it to him. Tristan looked at the boy and staggered. I looked at him completely confused. He took in a sharp breath and let it out slowly. He looked at it again.
“Tristan?” I said cautiously.
He took a deep breath. “I know where he is,” he growled.
“What! Tristan, what do you mean?”
He looked at me, annoyed. “I can see where he’s located, and if we don’t go right now, he will die.”
“How are we going?” I asked nervously.
“Come here.” I slowly walked toward him. Tristan, wasting no time pulled me to him and once again, everything faded to black. He backed away from me and scanned the area. We were in front of a house, a nice looking one too. “Fuck me,” he hissed.
I heard the lock slide out of place and like a monster straight out of a nightmare, the door flew open and Tristan was on the first person he laid his eyes on. I ran after him and tackled the second to the ground. I heard the door slammed shut. Another person came out of the hallway and bullets were flying. I rolled off the one I tackled and got to my feet. I got hit a few times and it hurt like a fucker. I looked to my right and Tristan was beside me. We stood our grounds until the gun ran out of bullets or decided to jam. Neither of which would happened. Once he saw me and Tristan still standing and covered in blood, he stopped and just stared.
“Good evening, boys,” I said. “Aren’t we all having a marvelous night?” A woman came out and Tristan was on her in a flash. Her scream broke through the stunned silence as Tristan quenched his thirst on the whore. He stopped feeding and looked up, meeting the stares of the guys in the room.
“Very, very, very good. I finally have all of your attention.”
I swiftly grabbed the nearest guy and pushed him to the ground. I was on him before he could even get his ass off the floor. “If you don’t cooperate,” I said. “I’ll let him finish her off.” I looked toward Tristan. “She looks mighty tasty, doesn’t she, Tristan?” He growled appreciatively. “Now that you discovered that you can’t kill us so easily with that gun of yours, why don’t you tell us where the boy is? Then we’ll be on our way.”
“No fucking way! This can’t be real! What the hell are you people!” the gunman went on and on and on.
Tristan bared his fangs and the gunman went pale. “Does this prove your answer?” He struck and screams erupted from all of them this time.
“So, where is the boy?” I asked again. “Tell me or your girl here will die.” Tristan was slowly, very slowly draining her life inch by inch.
“He’s in the basement!” the one I was holding blurted out.
Tristan stopped and looked at him, his eyes boring into his. “Go and get him.”I got off of him and he struggled to his feet. Once up, he ran and wrenched the door open. Tristan licked the wound shut and got up. We waited as the boy was brought up a few minutes later. He was unconscious and was bleeding from several bruises. I hissed and took a stepped forward. Tristan got in front of me, blocking my way. “Put him down,” he growled. The boy was place on the ground and before Tristan or anyone else could do anything, I went for him and lifted him up into my arms. Tristan shot me a warning look. “I know you want too… so give me Adam, Donnica.” I pass the boy to him and leapt into the air, landing on one of the guys. I growled and sank my fangs into him before a word could escape his lips. I didn’t stop until his screams died off with a gurgle. I got off and looked at the unconscious woman on the floor. “Let's go,” Tristan hissed. “I already took care of them.” I nodded as Tristan got a hold of my hand and the air grew thick and then black in an instant. The next thing I knew, we were standing in front of Trynnadon’s room.
“How the hell do you do that?” He shrugged and opened the door, but before opening it all the way, he looked at me and mentally told me to prepare the father and so I did. I stepped into the room as Tristan vanished. I let the door slam shut behind me as I walk toward Blake. Trynnadon nodded and stood up. He went to the door and stepped out, leaving me with the concerned father. Argh, I hate to be the one to do it, but fuck it. “First of all, your son is alive,” I said. He sighed in relief. “But he’s not in such a great shape.”
“I want to see him.”
I frowned. “Are you—“
“I want to see my son,” he interrupted.
I sighed. “Okay. I think he’s in Tristan’s room.” He got up off the bed and I led him out of the room. I knocked on the door and either Trynnadon or Tristan mentally opened it. Blake gasped and ran to his son, taking him out of Tristan’s arms. I went inside and waited with Tristan and Trynnadon while Blake whispered to his son.
“I’m taking him to the hospital,” said Blake. “I am so very thankful for his return.”
“You’re very welcome,” I said.
“Can I get your number? I would like to know what happened.”
Tristan nodded. He took out a piece of paper from the desk drawer and grabbed a pen, writing down the number. He handed it to Blake. “Call me when you are ready to hear the whole story.”
Blake nodded. “Oh thank you again.” He sighed. “I’m assuming it was a good night since you’re covered in blood.”
Tristan and I smiled. “It was, and it wasn’t.”
Blake nodded. “I’ll call off the search, thanks to you guys.” He headed toward the door and opened it.
“Uh, Blake? I would like to escort you to the lobby,” said Tristan. Trynnadon looked at him suspiciously. “I’ll explain later,” he hissed and out the door he went, Blake following with his son cradled in his arms.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

I turned to look at Trynnadon. Leaning against the wall, upright and a menacing look about him, he eyed the door as if someone was about to bust the door down and tare this whole room apart. Noticing that I was staring, he turned his head and looked down at me. “Uh…” I didn’t want to explain in words what went down half an hour ago so I let him into my mind, showing him everything including what we saw when Tristan and I stepped off the elevator. He groaned when he saw the blood in my mind. The whole thing played out like a movie. When I was thru in showing him what went down, I quickly went to the bathroom. “Don’t mind if I use his shower for a bit,” I said as I closed the door. I looked into the shower, soap or shampoo were nowhere to be seen. I frowned and opened the cabinet. They must have some around here somewhere. After a minute of searching, I finally found what I needed. Before I could get out of my clothes, I heard a knock on the door. “What?”
“Are you going to come out of that bathroom naked?” Trynnadon asked.
“Ha damn.” I opened the door and took my stuff out of his hands.
“Get with the program, girl.”
I slammed the door shut on him. “Shut up, it’s so not funny.”
“Oh yes it is,” he yelled.
“I can hear you perfectly.” Before he could say anything else to embarrass me any further, I turned on the shower, stripped, and stepped under the hot water. I scrubbed the blood off of me and did the whole showering stuff like usual. I let the water cascade down my body a little longer. It was very relaxing, standing in the steaming shower. I shut off the water and got out. I took a white towel from the cabinet, drying myself off with it and quickly dressing. I opened the door to find a plastic bag hanging on the knob. I took it and put my bloody soaked clothes in it.
“You might as well drop it in the fire,” said Trynnadon.
“I just might do that.” I took the radio and my cell off the counter and shoved them in my pockets. I walked out carrying the bag with my bloody clothes in it. “Any dumpster around here?”
“It’s out back, but the picker-upper is coming, might as well let her burn them for you.” I open the door and watched as she made her way up and down the hall. She finally came over to Tristan’s room. I handed the bag to her.
“What would—?” she started, but I caught her eye, and she was under in a split second, her expression going blank.
“You are going to throw the bag in the dumpster. You are not going to check what’s in the bag. The dumpster will be emptied as soon as possible tomorrow morning. You will not have any recollection of what you are about to do when you are done. You will make sure that you are alone when going to throw it out.” She nodded. “Go now and make sure you’re not seen by anyone.” She strode off down the hall and disappeared around the corner.
“Nice work,” said Eric. He closed the door to his room and walked over. I step out of the doorway to let him thru. “I see that you found the boy?” I nodded. “Splendid, Tristan told me everything.”
“Speaking of Tristan, where is he anyways?” Trynnadon asked.
“On his way up with the rest, and they’re all coming here so prepare yourself, you look like you want to tear someone’s throat out.”
Trynnadon chuckled. “Oh, the girls won’t mind.”
I bared my fangs. “I do.” Eric and Trynnadon smiled. “I’m still hungry.”
“I can see that,” said Trynnadon. The door opened and Tristan, Kallie, Jessica, and Kara stood in the doorway. Tristan walked in and straight to the bathroom. Jessica, Kallie, and Kara came in and plopped themselves on the bed.
“Have a good night?” I asked.
“It was okay I suppose,” said Jessica. She turned to look at Trynnadon. “And you are thirsty again; I think Donnica should give you guys a lesson on hunger control.”
I laughed. “Oh, I am no expert at that.”
“Just a girl’s thing then,” said Kallie. Jessica and Kara nodded in agreement.
“I’m itching for a fight,” said Trynnadon.
“Well, you’re in luck,” said Tristan. He opened the bathroom door and came over to join us. “Found some gang activity on my way back.”
“Oh?”
“They just grabbed a girl off the streets and shoved her in the trunk.”
“Uh, fuck.”
“I would’ve killed them on the spot but… had to get these girls back first.”
“Oh count me in,” I said.
“I’ll stay with these three,” said Eric. “I’ll feed on the lobby people,” he laughed. “Priceless.”
“Well make sure the hotel is still open when we get back then.”
“True that, and would you really think I would feed off these people?”
“Knowing you, you probably would. Hell, Tristan would’ve taken down the whole crowd earlier if I wasn’t holding him back.”
Kallie winced. “Glad I wasn’t there to see it.”
“Okay, everyone, out of my room,” Tristan ordered. We all got up and left the room. Tristan shut the door and locked it.
I turned the corner and hit the button for the elevator. We took it down to the lobby and got out. Crime scene tapes were all over the place. Trynnadon growled and sniffed the air. Two police officers were standing by the doors. Trynnadon stared at them hard. “You saw no one exiting the elevator or leaving the vicinity,” he said to the officers. They both nodded. We pass them out the door and into the cold night air.
“Damn it, I should’ve brought my sunglasses,” I said. “It’s nearly light out.” I sighed. “Damn me and my worthless shitless brain.”
“Deal with it,” said Tristan. “Unless you want to run back in there and grab it.”
I growled. “Yeah, wait for me. I ran back inside, ignoring the two officers at the doors. Using the stairs, I sped up the stairs in vampire speed and got there in no time. I unlocked the door to my room and found Kara sitting on the floor. “Can you get me my sunglasses?” I asked her. She nodded and got up and strode over to the desk, retrieving them. “Throw them.” She threw them, and I caught them reflexively. “Thanks.”
“No problem.” I let the door close and ran back downstairs, stopping at the double doors that led outside. The two officers looked agitated and were asking questions. I put up a hand to silence them. I look them both in the eyes. “You saw no one, go back to what you were doing just a few minutes ago.” They both nodded and I slipped outside. Trynnadon sighed. “What?”
“Tristan, you got a good look at the car they were driving?”
He nodded. “Got a good look at the girl too, and both of you come here, teleportation time.” Trynnadon and I walked over to him. He held out a hand to both of us. I took it. Trynnadon licked his lips and took Tristan’s other hand, and then everything faded to black. We touched down on a deserted street. Tristan sniffed the air. “Follow me,” he said and took off running in a speed no human can detect. Trynnadon and I ran after him. We jumped over fences, leaped on rooftops, and weaved our way around trees and finally came to a stop at an open area, just yards away from our targets. Tristan took out a device that looked like a taser. He nodded at Trynnadon and me. I took out mine and Trynnadon took out his. Tristan smiled and crept up to the nearest person. They were conversing with each other while the girl was tied up and gagged. She was next to a great big hole which looked like a dug up grave. I silently went up to the tallest of the four.
“Are we playing a game of buried alive?” He spun around and I pressed the button on the little device. Two prongs shot out and hit their target on the arm. He hissed and looked down. The other three turned around but Tristan and Trynnadon immobilized and silenced them. Blood was trickling from one of the guys. The girl attempted to scream. All that came out was a small whimper. “Which one of you goes by the name of Austin?” I asked.
Tristan walked over to the guy that was in the middle and inclined his head. “Austin Bronstein?”
“Who the hell are you?” Austin asked.
“I’m Tristan, nice little group you got here.”
I laughed. “Indeed it is.”
Tristan smiled. “Let’s see who we’ve got here.” He looked at the other three. “Brian, Jerid, and Jimmy. Hmm, I thought you have these awesome ass names, but I guess not. What a disappointment.”
I looked at the shortest of the group. “Go ahead and pull out that gun, Jim. Not going to help you out much, just saying.” I turn my attention to the girl. “Who is this girl to you?” I asked.
“She’s my friend’s friend,” said Austin.
“Oh, is she now? I find that… odd.”
“What were you planning to do with her?” Tristan asked.
I gave Austin a taste of the taser. “Answer or else you’ll find one of your friends dead.”
“Nothing.”
“This doesn’t look like nothing,” I said, gesturing at the dug up grave. “Were you planning to plant a tree or something?”
“No.”
Tristan grabbed him by the throat and lifted him into the air. “Let’s see what tough boy thinks about being buried alive, shall we?” Austin kicked him and tried to break himself from Tristan’s iron grip. “One of you better start talking or your precious leader becomes a blood donor.”
I walked over to the girl and pulled the gag out of her mouth and untied her. “Oh come on! Just a few simple fucking questions!” I turn around and bared my fangs at them. “Answer. The. Fucking. Questions.” Austin stopped kicking and looked toward the rest of his friends who were backing away, disbelief on their faces, but of course they didn’t get far. Trynnadon moved in front of them, silent as a shadow. I turned back to Tristan who was watching Trynnadon. Austin pulled something out of his pocket. It was a needle, and he stabbed it into Tristan’s arm. Trynnadon snarled and pulled Austin away from him. He hissed and snapped his neck, dropping the lifeless corpse to the ground. The girl screamed and I silenced her with a sharp mental command. I hissed and grab Brian and bit. I pushed him away after a few mouthfuls. Jerid and Jim were in no greater shape.
“Grab the girl and let’s get out of here now!” Trynnadon snarled. I picked up the thrashing girl and ran. Tristan looked dazed in Trynnadon’s arm.
“Stop,” Tristan choked out. Trynnadon just looked at him like he was crazy. “I have enough energy to get us all back.”
“If you say so,” Trynnadon said, putting him down. I went over to Tristan and grabbed a hold of his hand, Trynnadon cursed and took his other hand and darkness closed around all of us. A second later, we found ourselves in the hotel hallway.
I looked at Tristan. “Are you okay?”
He coughed. “Does it look like it?”
I unlocked my door and stepped inside. “Hey, you have a job to do.” I put the girl down on the bed. “Keep her comfortable, and ask for her name, and ask her how she got kidnapped, and if she knew what they were going to do to her, and you get the idea.”
“Got it, is everything okay?” Kara asked.
“Tristan got stabbed with a needle, and we’re going to find out what that needle contains.”
“Damn, poison?”
I shrugged. “Won’t know until one of us taste him.”
“What?”
I laughed. “You heard me. Well, if we can’t sniff it out, we’ll have to taste him.”
“Uh… okay? Well um, hope you figure it out before he goes mad.”
“True enough.” I groaned and stepped out. I went over to Tristan’s room, the door being held opened by Trynnadon’s mental hold.
“Wait, let me in first,” said Trynnadon. I followed him inside and he let the door slam shut. He settled Tristan on the bed. I looked over at him. He was sweating and breathing fast. He opened his eyes and hissed at us, his hands flying up to shield his eyes.
“Close the window before I go blind here,” he rasped out. I went to pull the heavy curtains closed, blocking the sun from pouring in. I went over to the bed and sat down. Tristan slowly moved his hands away and was now rubbing absent mindedly on the spot where the needle poked him. Trynnadon came closer and leaned over Tristan, staring at him, waiting. I slowly moved over until I was across from Trynnadon. Tristan flinched when I touched his arm. His head turned to me, his eyes slowly losing the redness.
“Hey man, mind opening up for me there? I need to know what you’re thinking,” I said to him. I looked at Trynnadon on the other side of the bed. “I think we need that so call table. I can feel his hunger rising.”
He nodded. “I’ll get it.”
I kept my eyes on Tristan, just waiting for him to… hell, pull me down and latch his mouth on my throat or something. I braced myself as I heard a low growl. “Hurry up with that table,” I called out. I moved away but wasn’t fast enough. Tristan grabbed my arm which made me land on his chest. I growled and pulled away, tumbling to the floor as the door open. I got up and hit Tristan under his jaw.
“What was that for?” Trynnadon asked.
“While you were busy getting the table, he was about to bite me, thank you very much.”
“Mmm, that wouldn’t be good.”
“No it wouldn’t. Now mind setting up the table here. We need to strap him down.”
He sighed and unfolded the table which made a loud thump as it hit the floor. Three metal bands clanked against each other as it was dropped onto the holder. Trynnadon came over to the bed. “I’m going to move you, and don’t you try to bite me or I’ll knock you out cold,” he said to Tristan.
I got off the bed and made my way around to the table. Trynnadon lifted Tristan and nearly dropping him onto the table. I picked up the metal band and restrained his arms while Trynnadon restrained his legs. I hit the switch that would activate the table and reset the power down to fifty thousand volts. “Don’t you fight these restraints unless you want to be shocked,” I said to him.
“Wasn’t planning on it,” he said.
“Open wide and say ah.” Tristan opened his mouth slowly, revealing fangs. “Hmm, throat looks good, but keep that mouth open.”
“Planning to put a jaw locker in place there?” Trynnadon asked. Tristan snapped his mouth shut at that little info.
I laughed. “Thanks for ruining that idea.”
“You’re welcome.” Tristan hissed and cursed, taking in a sharp breath. He let out a scream as pain took over. I quickly hit the switch to deactivate the table. I watched as he rode the waves of pain. When the screaming finally stopped, Trynnadon was out the door in a flash, making sure that everybody, slowly gathering in the hall went back in their rooms. He was back not a minute later.
“Eric is on lookout,” said Trynnadon.
I nodded. I slowly approach the table. Tristan was now gasping for air. “The show is just getting started,” I said to no one in particular. I leaned in and inhaled the air, no suspicious odor lingered, but that didn’t rule out the taste. A shift in the air told me Trynnadon was beside me. I bared my fangs and struck hard, drawing a mouthful of Tristan’s blood. I straighten up, the bitter taste nearly made me gag. I quickly went into the bathroom and spat the blood out, rinsing my mouth until the bitter taste subsided. When I came out of the bathroom, Tristan was out cold. “I’m gonna go on a hunch here and say that his blood is tainted by something,” said Trynnadon.
“Don’t know what it is, but let’s drain him while he’s out of it.”
Trynnadon sighed. “You know, this is going to be… interesting.” He moved to the head of the table and wheeled it toward the bathroom. Once inside, I closed the door and locked it. He raised the table, releasing one of the metal bands, and held Tristan’s arm over the sink. “Prepare yourself, when he wakes up, this table might not be able to hold him,” he said to me. He bent down to Tristan’s wrist and struck, letting the blood flow down the drain.
“Oh man, wish James and Callan came along with us. I have a feeling that we’ll need them,” I said as Trynnadon straighten up, a pocket knife in his hand.
“Well, let’s hope it doesn’t come down to that,” he said, opening up Tristan’s wrist every now and then.
“Should I hit the light?” I asked. He nodded. I hit the light switch and as my eyes adjust to the darkness of the bathroom, the air grew thick with tension. I look down at Tristan. “Tryn,” I warned. “He’s waking up.” Trynnadon cursed and struck him on the side of the head, knocking him out. I smiled and turned my head toward the door. Somebody was coming down the hall, and I hoped that Eric was still out there. Trynnadon sighed.
“This is taking forever.”
“Well, the other option is to force him to vomit the blood out.”
He looked at me thoughtfully. “Better than waiting an hour.”
“True… but…” I shifted nervously. “Well—”
“Now, I thought you have your hunger under control?” he asked, interrupting me. “Guess not.”
“Do you like to interrupt?” I grumbled.
“Yes, I do.”
“What about you?”
“I thought you would know me by now. I’m always hungry, doesn’t make a difference either way.”
I looked at the sink. “Well, do it and get it over with.” Trynnadon moved Tristan’s healed wrist from the sink. He poked him hard on the side. No movement. He poked him again, still no movement. He muttered under his breath. He released the other band and placed it back in the holder. I went over and lifted Tristan up so he was standing, or rather leaning against me. I held him tight and smacked him on the arm, hard. I sighed. He didn’t twitch a bit.
“Oh, I think we have a problem for sure,” I said.
Trynnadon smiled. “Yes, we do.” He stared at Tristan and I felt the energy of… more like sending pain to someone’s head type of energy. I groan. Trynnadon eyes flickered to me.
Before he could say anything, Tristan snapped back to consciousness. He twisted around and had me on the floor in a heartbeat. Fuck, not this again. The tingling sensation was overwhelming. Trynnadon pulled him off of me and I shot to my feet, slamming Tristan against the wall. I tried to pin him, but no fucking luck. He shoved me hard and I hit the opposite wall. Trynnadon hands shot out and grabbed him by the throat and yanked him back. He snarled and turned to him. Holy damn, Tristan was strong as fuck, bloodlust or not. Trynnadon had no chance against him as his head smashed into the bathroom wall. I pulled Tristan off of Trynnadon and tried to force him to the floor. What with the table, sink, toilet, and a small ass bathroom, and the door closed, it was impossible. I saw a flash of silver and Trynnadon’s needle hand shot out and struck Tristan in the neck. It went in deep and Tristan groan. Trynnadon removed the needle and placed it on the counter. We struggled as he slowly lost his strength. His breathing fast, moaning in pain, and coughing, we managed to have him pressed up and forcibly bent over the sink. Small amounts of blood came out then increased, cutting his airway off completely. Blood was all over the place. He was out in a blink of an eye as the last of the blood was forced out of him. No longer in control of his own body, I put him back down on the table and strapped him down. I hit the power switch and set it back to one hundred thousand. Trynnadon opened the door and I pushed him out, moving the table next to the bed. I sat down, my fangs aching to bite someone. Trynnadon went back into the bathroom and retrieved the syringe. He was tensed up like I was. His black eyes look murderous and mine probably was too. I mentally told Eric to keep everybody out of the hall. Nothing else to do until Tristan woke up, and the wrestling match would start all over again. This time, he wouldn't stop until he got what he wanted. Oh boy, Trynnadon, me, and this hotel? Was no longer safe. Especially not from an out of control pissed off vampire.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

“I’m calling room service, I mean the cleaning people,” I said.
“Tell them to get here quickly,” Trynnadon growled.
I nodded and picked up the phone. I was about to dial when I heard a knock at the door. I put the phone back down and got up. I crossed the room and slowly opened the door to find Eric. His stiffed posture told me that he caught the scent of blood. He licked his lips and peered inside. “Um, since you’re here, do you mind getting the cleaning person?” I asked. He nodded and turned from the door. I let it closed and went back to sit on the bed. I was staring into space when Trynnadon was suddenly in front of me. I snapped back to focus and looked around. I finally looked at Tristan, and I jumped to my feet. He looked paler than ever and his eyes were open. I went to stand by Trynnadon. It wasn’t long until he slammed himself against his restraints. He growled and snarled in pain as electricity coursed through his body. He broke one of the restraints and quickly sat up. Trynnadon pushed him back down. Tristan pushed right back and managed to release the other restraints. I crashed into him and the table. I rolled on top of him and with all my strength, managed to keep him in place. Trynnadon kicked the table aside and came over to help. The knock from the door froze us all for a second. It opened and Eric strode in, followed by two more people. He walked over to the bathroom and spoke softly to them. They took out cleaning products and started on the task of removing all the blood from the bathroom and fixing the wall. Holding on to Tristan with all the strength I could muster, I pulled him up. With Trynnadon on his other side, we stumbled out of the room. Trynnadon opened the door to his room with a mental command and we push Tristan inside. I locked the door and jumped him, sending all three of us to the floor. Tristan snarled and swore loudly. He hissed and propelled both Trynnadon and me across the room. He got up and stalked over to us. His black eyes burned in their sockets, his panting growing more ragged by the second. He stared us down. We couldn’t do anything even if we wanted to. I stared up at him. He was sweating and slightly shaking, trying to keep himself under control.
“Do you have any idea how hard it is for me to keep myself in check?” he gritted out. He gave a shuddering sigh and released me and Trynnadon from his invisible hold on us. I made to get up, but Tristan eyes flickered to me in a deadly warning. “Don’t push it,” he hissed. “I’m about ready to rip your throat out,” he snarled. He walked over to the door and opened it. I slowly got up. He glanced back at me. I tried to get into his head, but it was like hitting a brick wall. He had his shield up and was making damn sure that no thoughts escape by accident. Trynnadon was still on the floor, watching Tristan wearily. “Stop trying to read my mind,” Tristan growled.
Trynnadon sighed. “Close the door.”
Tristan smiled coldly. “Is that an order?” he whispered. He turned back and opened the door wider. In a flash, he snatched someone passing by. A sound of surprise came out of her and turned into whimpers as she was swiftly pulled inside. He let the door close as she pulled free. She screamed until it cut off on a rasp. She backed up, hitting the wall behind her. “You’re afraid of me,” he drawled.
“Tristan,” I said.
He ignored me. “I very much enjoyed hearing you scream. The fear emanating from you is just… so vibrant. He sighed and moved closer to her.
“Tristan, Please,” I begged. “Don’t do this.”
“What do you want?” she asked, her voice trembling with fear.
That cold smile returned. He cocked his head toward the door. “You’re not alone, somebody is looking for you.” He walked over and pulled the door open. His hand shot out and grabbed hold of another person. He pulled her inside and let the door closed. She clawed at him wildly. He jerked her toward her friend and let her go. She collapsed to the floor in a heap. She gave a great big sigh and looked around.
“Jenna?” she spluttered. “What are you doing in here?” The other girl just shook her head. “What’s going on? Who are these people?”
“I don’t know,” she said in a small voice.
“How did you end up in here?”
“Same way you did.”
Tristan circled the girl that was still on the floor. “And what’s your name?” he asked her.
“I’m… Natalie.”
“Get up, Natalie,” said Tristan. She struggled to her feet and went to stand by her friend. Tristan tracked her every move hungrily.
“Tristan,” I pleaded.
He turned and looked right at me. “Do you prefer me to take on a crowd?” he snapped. “I’ll be delighted too. I’ll let these two go and throw myself a dinner party. Would that satisfy you?”
I gulped. “No, it wouldn’t. I just—“
“Then shut up!” he snarled and closed the distance between the two girls. One of them tried to sidestep him, but he blocked her retreat. She cringed. Tristan put a hand under her chin, lifting her head to look at him. She squirmed and then relaxed under his piercing gaze.
“What are you doing to her?” Natalie asked.
He dropped his hand to his side. “This,” he said and grabbed Jenna by the neck, pulling her to him and baring her throat. He bent his head to her pulse and bit down hard. Natalie screamed and took a step toward her friend. I put her in a light trance, preventing her from doing anything stupid. Her scream died off and her face emptied of all emotions. I looked at Trynnadon who went stiff the moment Tristan sank his fangs into the girl, his eyes was fixated on both of them, and he practically was salivating. Hell, the scent of blood itself was making my mouth water. I went back to focusing on Tristan. The girl was unconscious, and Natalie was just staring into nothingness. A minute later, Tristan gently laid the girl down on the floor, his mouth covered in blood. Trynnadon and I both groan at the sight of it. He licked the remaining blood off his lips and walked over to Natalie who was still out of it. Tristan stopped in front of her and smiled. He was still hungry. It would take more than two victims to satiate his thirst.
“You can leave if you like,” said Tristan. “I’m not going to kill them.”
Trynnadon got up and move to the door, shaking his head. “I’m out hunting, radio me if you need me,” he said as he opened the door. “Oh and Tristan, try not to kill them.” He went out and was gone in a flash.
“I’m not leaving,” I said.
“Fine,” said Tristan. He pulled Natalie toward him and brushed her brown hair back. He bent down to her throat and struck. He groaned in pleasure. I, on the other hand moaned. I buried my face in my hands, waiting for Tristan to finish. I looked up when I heard a long sigh. I walked over to Tristan. “Take her before I change my mind,” he said to me. I took the girl from him and brought her throat to my aching fangs. I punctured her healed skin and drew the warm sweetness into my mouth. I can hear Tristan hissing wildly as I fed. I sighed and licked at the wound. I straighten up and let go of her. She fell to the floor. “I’m going to find Trynnadon. I’m still awfully hungry.” I nodded. I watched as he strode toward the window and opening it, he jumped out. I went over and slammed it shut. Outside, the sky was darkening. I walked over to the two girls. What room were they in? Damn, I should’ve asked. I poked Jenna hard, she didn’t respond. I curse. They won’t be waking up anytime soon. I was thinking of putting them out in the hall, but then, that would look stupid and very embarrassing for them when they woke up, so, being the good vampire that I am… I called the front desk. Once I got there room number, I carried both of the girls out into the hall and to their room. I unlocked and opened the door with a quick mental command. I put them both to bed. Well, not really but you get my point. I did, however, wipe the whole incident from their minds. They won’t even remember being snatched or terrorized half to death.
Back in my room, Jessica and Kara was doing an awesome job of keeping this Lauren girl from escaping. All eyes turned to me as I entered. “Report?” I asked.
“Er, uh.” Kara shifted nervously. “She didn’t know any of them. She uh, was just coming back from a night out and they appeared out of nowhere and well, took her. They forced her in the trunk. They were going to rape her and put a bullet in her head.”
I hissed and bared my fangs. Jessica and Kara both moved away as fast as they could, even though there was like ten feet separating me from them. Lauren just screamed and screamed. In a flash, I was looming over her, my hand over her mouth. “Easy girl, I’m not going to hurt you.”
“You’re-you’re-you’re a…” She took a deep breath, and I removed my hand. “You’re a vampire?” she asked. I didn’t answer. Instead, I reached into her mind and… well, she was worried about her little baby girl and her husband. I dug deeper and retrieve her home address. I pulled out and looked directly into her eyes. She stared back at me blankly. I turned back to the other girls.
“One of you willing to take her home?” I asked. “Time for some exploration around town, because I have a feeling we’re going to be here a little while longer.”
“I will,” said Jessica, getting up and walking toward the door. “Just uh… let me get my keys and stuff.” She opened the door and hurried out of the room.
I turned back to Lauren. I couldn’t decide on erasing her memories of the kidnapping or just let her go. I cursed. “You won’t remember seeing me. You will tell the others you escape unharmed. You manage to break the bindings and ran, and you have no clue what happened afterwards, and tell them not to worry about it. Do you understand?” She nodded. “Good, now I want you to get up and walk to the door.” She got up and did just that, with me following behind her. I open the door and we both walked over to where Jessica was just coming out. I nodded to her and we all three headed for the elevator. We stepped out into the lobby. I guided Lauren out the door and to the car. “Get in,” I told her. Once she was in and belted. I leaned in and once again looked her in the eye. “You were found by a helpful bystander and she was willing to give you a ride. Once home, you will not remember what she look like, you only know her name. Do you understand?” She nodded. “Good girl, you will now sleep.” I released her and put her in a deep trance. I shut the door and looked over to Jessica standing by the driver door. “You got all that?”
“Yeah, loud and clear.”
“Good.”
“Hard not to pay attention when you’re doing that.”
I smiled at Lauren. “Go on now and call me when you get there so I can release her from her refreshing nap.”
She laughed. “Will do, vampire.”
I chuckle. “Now get in and start driving, human.”
I turned and walked off to find Trynnadon and the others. “Who is she?” I spun around. Two vampires were staring directly at me. One was taller than the other. The male vampire looked like Trynnadon, kind of. Maybe the spiky hair was it. He was around six foot six and fit. The female was a little taller than me by an inch or so. Her shoulder length blond hair framed her round face nicely. She extended her hand out to me. I frowned but took it anyways.
“I’m Adalyn.”
“Uh, I’m Donnica,” I said, dropping my hand back to my side.
“Who is she?” the other vampire asked me.
“Who is who?”
“That girl you were talking to.”
“Why?”
“She looks delicious.”
“Were you going to—“
“Avery.” A hiss sounded to my right, and I turn my head to the sound. Tristan stepped out of the shadows. He walked over and stopped beside me. He stared at Avery with such intensity that I took a step back away from him. “We cross again.”
“Indeed, how—” Tristan hands shot out and wrapped around Avery’s throat and jerked him closer. I watched, stun. Avery didn’t even flinch. Adalyn looked at me and rolled her eyes. Such idiots, she whispered in my head. Tristan forced Avery’s head back hard enough to snap and sank his fangs into him. He hissed and cursed as Tristan drank from him.
“Fuck. You,” Avery spluttered. Tristan growled and shoved him away.
Adalyn caught him just before he hit the ground. “I honestly don’t have a clue on what’s going on between you two, and I’m not going to ask.” She laid him down and put her wrist to his mouth. “Drink,” she demanded. He groaned and clamped his mouth on her wrist.
I turned to Tristan. “You’re such an ass, has anybody told you that?”
“Many times.”
“Did you just do the same thing to him you did to me when we first met?”
He smirked. “Maybe.”
“You know, I should drive many sharp things through you several times until you are unable to move and then burn you.”
His eyes narrowed. “I’ll be waiting out on the end zone.”
I growled. “Damn you, just damn you.” I heard Avery groan and I turn to him. He was getting to his feet. Adalyn steadied him. Without another word, we started walking. I glance back at Tristan. “Where’s Trynnadon?”
“He’s catching up with us.” He turned to look behind him. “He's just turning the corner.”
Trynnadon caught up to us in a split second. We walked back to the hotel, Avery throwing Tristan the, if-looks-could-kill look every now and then. I just rolled my eyes at the both of them. “You two are not gonna go at it when we reach our room, are you?”
“I’ll get my fair shot at him,” said Avery.
“He’s a ruthless motherfucker,” Trynnadon muttered.
“Ahem, you all know I can hear you guys perfectly, or has that escaped your mind?” Tristan asked. “And you don’t even know me, protector.”
“I’m always on alert, haven’t forgotten a thing,” said Trynnadon. “And how do you know I’m a protector?”
“I have my sources.” We finally reached the hotel and simultaneously Trynnadon, Tristan, Avery, Adalyn, and I reached into the humans mind and made sure they didn’t see us entering. We took the elevator to the seventh floor and into Trynnadon’s room. Adalyn and Avery sniffed the air before they both walked in and closed the door.
“I smell a lot of spilled blood,” said Adalyn. “Has somebody died here recently?”
I cleared my throat. “Uh, we had a major problem earlier, but it’s no big deal. No one died.”
“Hmm, sure the fuck felt like it,” Tristan muttered. Adalyn and Avery both turned to stare at him. He just shrugged and waved his hand in the air dismissively. “I’ll tell you later.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

“So.” I glanced toward Avery and Adalyn. “Mind telling me why you snuck up on me?”
“I was just curious who you were talking to,” said Avery.
I frowned. “Whatever you say, now why did we bring you two here?”
“I don’t know. Why did you? I know Tristan would like to mount my head on top of a pole and keep it as a souvenir.”
Adalyn glowered. “He wants to have you for barbecue more like it.”
Avery laughed. “I bet.”
“If you guys keep talking about me like I’m not in the same room, I will have someone’s head on a pole,” said Tristan.
“Well sorry, you can always jump in the conversation anytime you know,” said Avery.
“Not interested. Why don’t you just leave?”
“Are you ordering us out?”
“Matter of fact, I am.”
“You son of a bitch,” Avery muttered. He tossed a card in the air, and I caught it. On the card, it had his name and number written on it. “If you ever need me, you know where to find me. Ada, let’s go.” They both stood up and strode to the door. “It was nice to see you again, Tristan.” He opened the door and they both vanished into thin air.
“Asshole,” said Tristan.
Trynnadon stared at him sharply. “Why do I get the feeling that we’ll be seeing them again?”
Tristan snatched the card out of my hand. “Don’t know, don’t care.” He took one look at the card and ripped it into tiny pieces and threw it in the garbage. “Meanwhile, I’m going to my room. Nobody bother me unless this hotel decides to blow up, then you can kick my door down and drag my ass out.” He got up and left the room.
“He’s a big pain in the ass,” I said to Trynnadon once the door close, and I heard Tristan entering his own room.
“What I’m wondering is what is he hiding, him and Avery.”
“What do you mean?”
“Both of them were blocking me out, couldn’t get a single clue, and Adalyn was confused as hell. She was hoping and trying to get a thought from both of them, and I doubt she’ll get anything from Avery when she confronts him about it later.”
I frowned. “I’m starting to have a bad feeling about this.”
“Yeah, try being me for a few minutes. Being around him? My skin crawls like whatever is in there wants out.”
I shivered. “Okay, that’s one good thing about not having powers like you.”
He smiled. “Have you seen him hunt?”
I shook my head. “What’s that got to do with what we’re talking about?”
“He only feeds on males. Every time he sees me eyeing a pretty girl across the street or something, his emotional grid like… plummets into total meltdown.”
“But he fed off me and that woman where that Adam boy was held.”
“Uh yeah about that…” He cleared his throat. “Um, he felt really bad for hurting you and as for that other chick he fed from, he did what he needed to do to get attention from the others. He didn’t kill her and he didn’t kill those two girls he snatched from the hall either. To say the least, his emotional process is driving me insane.” I was shocked. “Every time he feeds off a female, his mood changes from hunger to black rage to sad to questioning then back to rage. To be honest, I wanted to pull him off and shake him until I get an answer out of him, or something.”
“Wait-wait-wait-wait, I thought he fed off of males only when hunting?”
He cursed. “Sorry, I’m not making any fucking sense here. All I’m saying is… he has a big problem with feeding from the opposite sex.”
I nodded. “Are you going to talk to him about it?”
“He’ll kill me before a question can escape me. You know how strong he is. He can still read us no matter how hard we try to keep things from him.”
“Damn it, then he’ll know we were talking about him.”
He laughed. “I just handed both of our asses to the devil. Yay, wonderful job, go me.”
“Where’s Eric?” I asked to change the subject. Talking about Tristan was making me uneasy. Something was up with him, something… horrible? I shove that thought away and looked pointedly at Trynnadon.
He glared at me. “You better hope he doesn’t poke into your mind anytime soon. He’s going to combust when he finds out you are worried about him.”
I gritted my teeth, “I’ll recite the whole season of the CSI if I have to.”
“Good luck on that, and I don’t know where Eric is.”
The door opened slowly. “I was listening in.” Eric walked in and closed the door. “Too wrapped up in tension to notice anything. Luckily I’m not Tristan or both of you wouldn’t be standing here right now.”
I cursed under my breath. “What part did you hear?” I asked.
“I heard almost all of it. Looks like I’ll have to pay closer attention for the little pressure in my head from now on.”
“I’m still going to say lines from the CSI to be safe.”
“Now why do I have the pleasure of having you in my room?” Trynnadon asked.
“I got a call from Julia,” said Eric.
“Oh?” I said, totally forgetting about what we were really here for. I curse myself to hell and back. How tangled up can my head get?
“Yeah, she says she hasn’t found anything unusual so far. I’m thinking we should pay her and little Christian another visit?”
I nodded. “Please tell me you don’t want Tristan along for the ride.”
“You were going to recite that whole season of that crime show in your head, remember? So I see no problem bringing him along, and besides he’s going to be even more pissed off if we don’t let him in our little fun,” said Trynnadon.
I groaned. “Fine,” I said. “Let’s go and bother him then.”
Eric opened the door and we all stepped out, walking the short distance over to Tristan’s room. Trynnadon knocked on the door. There was no answer. He knocked louder. Another second of silence, and then the door flew open. Cold air hit us like a ton of bricks. I had to hold on to the doorjamb to keep from falling. I heard Eric and Trynnadon both hissing and backing away from the door. I gathered myself together and peered inside. Tristan was on his bed staring at the ceiling. What the hell? I slowly stepped inside, Trynnadon and Eric right behind me. I went over to him. His eyes were unfocused. He was so somewhere else. I peeked into his mind. Blood, fire, and—white hot pain exploded in my head, crushing all my thoughts. I screamed and screamed and screamed. I would’ve crumbled to the floor if Trynnadon wasn’t holding onto me. Just as unexpected as the pain came on, it went away just as quickly. Everything slowly came back to focus. The world steadied itself and Whatever Trynnadon was saying slowly made sense. I pulled away from him and I went halfway down to the floor. Somebody else was holding my arm. I looked over to see who it was. It was Tristan. Feeling like an ass, I straighten up and sat on the bed. He released my arm and heavy silence fell around us. Tristan was staring at me like a predator sizing up its prey. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. I blinked. “I didn’t mean to push you out like that.” I shook my head. That was Tristan’s doing? I couldn’t believe it. I thought I was going to die for fuck sake. “I also broke into your heavy shielding.” I saw Eric and Trynnadon stiffened. Tristan smirked. “I’m not going to say anything about it and nothing you say will make me. You’ll all be flat on your asses before you can get a word out. You got me?” He eyed us all with such animosity that I actually slipped off the bed and landed on the floor. I looked up at Eric and Trynnadon. They were both looking elsewhere. Oh boy, this was going to end badly. I couldn’t even look at Tristan. The room suddenly grew extremely cold. Tristan leapt out of bed and lunged for Eric and Trynnadon. I gulped and scramble to my feet. Tristan’s hands were wrapped around Trynnadon’s throat. “I said you got me?” he hissed in his ear.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah I do,” Trynnadon choked out.
He pushed Trynnadon’s head back, baring his throat. “Mean it, or I’ll give you the worse pain imaginable,” he growled. “You’ll beg me to end your suffering.”
Trynnadon tried to move away, but there was nowhere to go. Tristan had him up against the wall. “I swear it over my dead body,” he gasped out as Tristan grazed his fangs over his jugular. I held my breath as the seconds in my head started to count down. Ten… Nine… Eight… Seven… Six… Five… four… To my relief, Tristan let go of him. Trynnadon fell to the floor, still gasping and rubbing his neck where Tristan’s fangs were a second ago, ready to break the skin, and then all hell would break loose.
“I swear it, I swear it on my life,” Eric said rapidly, his hands up in surrender as Tristan was about to lunge at him. I froze as Tristan turned to look at me. Fear gripped me like a visor. Everything blurred. I backed up to the wall and I rub my eyes, hoping the blurriness would dissipate, it did. Tristan was still staring at me, but he was no longer eyeing me with that evil glint in his eyes. I sighed and held out my hand to him. Tristan blinked and eyed it curiously before taking my hand in his.
“Tristan, I swear I will not ask a single question about it. I swear it.” I felt the pressure in my head, and I tensed as he probed my mind. “I swear it,” I repeated, letting him know that I meant what I was saying. He let go of my hand and backed away from all of us.
“Give me a few minutes and I’ll go with you,” he said roughly.
Eric, Trynnadon, and I said nothing and walked out of his room and toward the elevator. No one said anything for the longest time. When Tristan came out five minutes or so later and we all stepped in the elevator, it was still awfully quiet. I was ready to blurt out anything to kill the heavy eerie silence. The elevator door opened, and we stepped out. What the hell? The yellow crime scene tapes were still there. Interesting, but wasn’t my business. We walked out the door and got in the car. The whole car ride was silent as well. Sitting beside Tristan was like sitting next to a ticking time bomb waiting to go off. Just the fear of looking at him might set him off. The everlasting silent was only broken when we finally reached the McKenzy’s place. “Donnica, you want to do the talking again?” Trynnadon asked.
“Sure.”
“Someone mind telling me a little about what we’re doing or looking for before we go any further?” Tristan asked.
“A girl is missing and Julia, her mother wants our help finding her.” Um… did Tristan’s eyes just flash white for a split second there? Holy hell, I kicked myself mentally. No time to dwell on that now. All I wanted was to keep him level headed and not cause a scene. ”The girl is Peyton. She’s twelve years old. Her brother, Christian is ten years old and he’s also deaf,” I said. “We haven’t found any evidence leading us to her.”
“No B & E?”
I shook my head. “Nope, no signs of anything broken, in or out.” He nodded and opened the door. Trynnadon, Eric, and I got out and made our way to the door. They weren’t expecting us so four vampires on the doorstep was going to be a scary surprise. I rang the doorbell and waited. It opened just a crack a minute later. Christian peered out at us, a surprised look crossing his face. He opened it a little bit wider. He signed something I couldn’t make out. Duh, I didn’t know sign language. We should’ve called before we came, but we’re not here to hurt you, just… wanted to ask a few more questions and have another look around, Tristan signed. I only knew he was signing this because I happened to be listening to his thoughts. I frowned. “You know ASL too? You and Trynnadon mind teaching me and Eric a word or two?”
Trynnadon chuckled. “It’s called the internet. Have you heard of it?”
I growled. “Fuck you.” Tristan pegged me with a hard stare, and I knew what he was thinking. I sigh deeply. “Sorry, sorry, I won’t do that again. I just wanted to know what you were signing.” A tap on the door brought all of us back to attention. Christian was signing again.
“He is inviting us in,” said Trynnadon. He nodded to the boy and he opened the door all the way, and we entered. Tristan scanned the house in interest. Christian led us to the living room and gestured for us to sit down. Eric and I sat down while Trynnadon leaned against the wall and Tristan paced around the living room.
“Why is he answering the door this late at night? Shouldn’t it be Julia that answers it?” Tristan asked. He looked troubled about something.
“Yeah, why is he?” I asked. A few minutes later, Christian and the mother came out. Julia looked surprised as I predicted. When she spotted Tristan in the corner, she froze. Okay, so wasn’t expecting that. I looked back and forth between the two of them.
“I remember you from somewhere,” she said to him. Tristan’s empty expression didn’t change at that news. She gasped. “I swear I seen you somewhere. It was eleven years ago right?” He didn’t answer. “You didn’t tell me your name then.”
Trynnadon hissed, and everybody turned to look at him. He smiled. “Sorry to interrupt, but what the hell is going on?”
Julia gave a sad smile. “Eleven years ago, I was living in San Diego, California. Peyton was only a year old then. I was driving home from picking her up from the daycare center. About a block or two away from my home, a speeding car came out of nowhere and… well hit us head on. I was fine… not really but Peyton was thrown out of the infant car seat. All I could remember is hearing her waling. I extricated myself out of the wreckage to check if she was okay, and…” She looked over at Tristan. “I remember seeing him there, holding her. She was okay other than a few cuts and bruises. He handed her to me. When he was sure that I wasn’t going to drop her, he pulled his phone out and called for help. He stayed until the paramedics got on the scene and then he kind of vanished, I guess, since one second he was there and the next second he wasn’t.”
“Did you ever figure out who hit you?” I asked.
She shook her head. “The police couldn’t find any evidence other than a skid mark on the road.” She glanced at Tristan. “He was the only witness, but nobody was able to get a hold of him for a statement.”
“They couldn’t find any evidence, because I tampered with it,” said Tristan. His eyes ringed with red were suddenly as black as death. “I. Killed. Him.”
Her breath caught in her throat. “You what?” she spluttered.
He leveled a hard stare on her. “I killed him.”
She blinked. “Um… I don’t know if I should be glad, or sad, or afraid, or—“
“You should be glad that you didn’t lose her that night.” Tristan growled deep and low in his throat. “Let me make one thing very clear. We will find her, and we’ll bring her safely home to you.”
She gulped. “Thank you. I truly mean that.”
He smiled coldly. “I know you do,” he whispered.
Trynnadon was eyeing Tristan suspiciously. “Was that the reason why you wanted in on the case?” he asked.
“Would it make a difference if I gave you a reason?”
“No it wouldn’t.”
He chuckled. “That wasn’t why, and I have no reasoning behind it. I did not know it was going to be this family until a few minutes ago.”
Trynnadon nodded. “We would like to ask you a few more questions if that’s okay by you?” he asked Julia.
“Of course.”
“Is it my turn to talk yet?” I asked.
Eric laughed. “Yes it is.”
I laughed. “I didn’t want to interrupt like somebody I know.” I coughed and winked at Trynnadon. “Julie, did you hear anything unusual the night she was taken?”
She shook her head. “I didn’t hear no noise or anything.”
“Hmm, are you sure?”
“I’m positive.” The air was suddenly filled with the scent of fresh blood. I frowned. Was it just me? Nope, three low growls were all I needed for the answer.
“What’s wrong?” Julia asked, fear choking up her words. I looked around. Oh shit, Christian was frozen in fear. Fuck, all eyes were locked on the blood on his hand, and yeah, I was now all for the blood. Julia looked around and gasped. “Christian!” She signed rapidly. He looked at the paper he was working on and then to his hand that was dripping blood. She gave a little scream and rushed him to the kitchen. I moaned and looked at the little drop of blood on the paper.
“I… I…I need fresh air,” I said to the three. Panting and shaking, I ghosted my ass out of the house. The others not so surprisingly followed. I ran several blocks away from the scent and breathed in the cold air.
“I could’ve killed him,” Tristan growled. “I wanted to.” He took a deep long inhale of the air.
“Not the only one,” Eric muttered.
“We have to go back,” I whispered.
“Give another minute for her to clean up,” said Eric.
I groaned. No nightwalkers to feed on. As long as Christian doesn’t get another paper cut, I’ll be fine for a while longer, I think. We headed back to the house. Julia was standing in the doorway, scanning the shadows. We flashed in front of her and she screamed. Only it didn’t ring out in the night, because the silencing power cut her off. I touched her shoulder. “It’s okay. We didn’t mean to scare you.” She was so not convince by my soothing reassurance. “It is going to be okay,” I said, looking her straight in the eye. “We’re here to talk about Peyton. Let us in?” I released her to let her respond on her own.
“I’m so, so sorry about what happened,” she said. “Please come in.” She moved aside to let us enter. “I hope I sprayed enough stuff to block it out?” She did. It was way too much stuff, although I could still smell the scent of blood lingering just faintly under all the odors. Christian was nowhere to be seen.
“It’s fine.” She led us back to the living room. I took up the same spot while the others just stand around, ready to bolt if needed to.
“I’m really sorry,” she said.
“It’s okay,” I said. “Nothing to worry about.” She nodded. “I don’t remember the rest of my questions, but can we have a look outside the house, and also inside?”
“Sure, tonight?”
“We’ll start outside tonight. We’ll let you know when we want a tour of the inside.”
She nodded and got up. I got up and followed her to the door. “I hope you find something out there,” she said.
“I hope so too,” I said. “And please don’t worry about what happened earlier.” She nodded and opened the door. She waved to us before closing it behind us, locking us out. We headed toward the backyard where we would begin the fun of searching, or a boring one for that matter.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

“Want to split up?” I asked.
“Sure, into pairs?” Eric asked.
“Yeah, I guess.”
“I’m with Trynnadon,” said Eric.
“Looks like you got me again,” said Tristan. “Lucky you.”
“Yeah, lucky me.”
“So where shall we start?” I pointed toward the fence. “Why there? That fence just separates the neighbor’s yard.”
“Hey, you never know.” Tristan and I walked over to the fence and checked out every inch of that area. Argh, nothing whatsoever. A crackle from my radio told me that maybe Eric and Trynnadon have found something. Tristan and I turned to look at each other. It was the first time that we have looked at each other without crackles of energy sizzling in the air. He nodded toward the direction of the other two and we headed that way. Uh oh, the grim expression on their faces told me that they found something unpleasant. “What have we got here?” I asked once we came to a stop behind them. They both turned around. Trynnadon pointed to what looked like a scrolling of some sort. Tristan and I stepped closer to have a better look at it. Strange symbols were written under the windowsill that looked into a bedroom. "What the hell is this supposed to mean?" I asked. I turn back around to face the other three, wondering why no one answered me. Ah, right, Trynnadon and Eric were staring at Tristan like a deer in the headlight. I shifted my gaze to Tristan. Okay, that white eyes wasn't an illusion of mine after all. I didn't breathe or make a sound as I stared at him, waiting for him to snap out of whatever state of mind he was in.
A gunshot rang out in the night, snapping Tristan to alertness and jolting us all into action. A car whizzed by with the smell of gunpowder coming from it, like the gun had been recently fired, and Tristan was on it in a flash. Eric and Trynnadon ran to the spot where the car just came from. Not caring about the alarm going off, I broke the windshield and pulled the driver out while Tristan grabbed a hold of the passenger and yanked him out. Three sirens and the sound of the car alarm were making my ears bleed, like seriously. I felt something cold pressed up against the side of my head. Oh right, it was the gun. She still managed to pull it out while I was holding her, nice move. I watch as three police cars approached. I put my arm up to shield my eyes from the lights. "Put the gun down," said one of the officers.
I heard Tristan cursed, and I felt the wind as he moved to intercept the cops.
"You were responding to a shooting call," he said. "You didn't see anything suspicious on your way there. Get in the car and drive to that location you were given." I waited as I heard them getting in the car and driving away. The gun was still against my head. I heard it being cocked as I moved.
"Are you planning to blow my head off there?" I asked. The car alarm finally shut off and Tristan was coming out of the car with, well, what do you know, a roll of duct tape.
"Shut up, bitch!" she said.
"Not very friendly, are you now?" Faster than her eyes could track, I had her on the ground and the gun out of her hand. I aimed it at her head. "If you move or make a sound, I will pull the trigger without even thinking twice. Do you understand me? Nod your head if you do." She slowly nodded her head. I smiled. "You really should pick on someone your own size, don't you think?" Tristan came over and duct taped her hands together. "Meet Tristan, he'll make sure you'll have a good time." I put the gun in my pocket and pulled her to her feet.
"Fu—“
I had the gun to her head before she could even finish saying the word. She whimpered. "Just because I put the gun away, doesn't mean you can talk."
Tristan smiled coldly at her. "If you say another word, maybe I'll have your boyfriend as a late night snack."
She so didn't believe a word he said. I bend down to her ear. "You don't believe him?" I whispered. I let my fangs pierced her neck and withdrew it. She gasped. Small trickle of blood was slowly making its way down her neck to her shirt. I shot Tristan an apologetic look as his eyes followed the blood.
"No one told us we were having a late night party," said Trynnadon. "Who are these assholes?"
I heard a groan and looked over. I didn't realize that the boyfriend was unconscious. Guessed Tristan knocked him out while I was somewhere else in my head. "We need to rent a fucking house or something. We can't have fun in a hotel without people coming to check on the noise," I said, annoyed.
There was a long silence, and Tristan cursed, this time with annoyance. He pulled out his phone and hit the speed dial. "Got enough room for seven?" he asked the person on the other end of the line. "Good, be there in ten." He flipped the phone shut and growled. "Call your girls and tell them to meet us here." Eric nodded and pulled out his radio. We waited as he told them where to meet and what to do.
"What is your name?" I asked the girl I was holding.
"Lisa," she whimpered, trying to stop the bleeding on her neck.
"Pleasure to meet you, I am Donnica. I'm sure we'll have a fun night together." Her eyes widen as my words sank in. I smiled. "Not time to chicken out just yet, we haven't even started."
Trynnadon came over to where we were. The girl whimpered as he stopped in front of her. He inclined his head toward her. "You know… speed wouldn't be my drug of choice," he drawled. He inhaled the air. "I wonder what it would taste like with amphetamine mixed with that sweet blood of yours." He sighed. "I've only tasted heroin." He stepped closer to her. He glanced at me and snatched her from my side. "This is only a warm-up," he whispered and latched his mouth on her throat. Her screams broke the peaceful night. I flashed over to Tristan and Eric who were standing well back from Trynnadon and the struggling girl. I heard the sound of a car approaching. It stopped next to us and Jessica stepped out. Trynnadon, noticing that we had company, withdrew his fangs from her neck and licked at the wound. Still holding on to her he straightened up and came over to us while she kicked at him and soundlessly screaming.
"How am I supposed to fit all of you in the car?" Jessica asked, a hint of fear in her voice.
"I'll take those two," I said, looking at the guy standing clueless beside Tristan, and the struggling girl in Trynnadon's arms. Jessica opened the backdoor and Trynnadon and Tristan pushed them in. The girl fought through it all. Trynnadon flipped her on her stomach and mashed her face into the seat and applied his weight on top of her.
"I really like this one," he growled. "She's feisty." He jerked her upward, bending her head back to the point of snapping. His eyes filled with hunger and excitement. The fear coming from her was driving him to the edge. She turned blue as she struggled to breathe. She finally stopped trying to escape and went limp underneath him. Trynnadon smiled evilly and got off of her. "Sit up and shut up." She struggled into a sitting position and swung her legs into the car. He bared his fangs at her. "I'll be seeing you soon," he hissed as he shut the door.
Jessica squealed as she got in the driver seat. Trynnadon nodded to me and launched himself into the sky. I got in next to Jessica and turned to face the two lucky humans behind me. Jessica put the car into gear and we were off to the hotel to gather our stuff. I lifted the mind control from the male and smiled at him. He looked around confused. "Time to wake up," I said to him. "You missed out on all the fun. Your girl here enjoyed it." I flashed my fangs at her. "Didn't you, Lisa?" She coward into the seat, wishing she was anywhere else but here.
"What did you do to her?" he asked, his eyes flickering from me to the blood.
"Why don't you ask her yourself? I'm sure she'd like to clue you in on some things." I turned back to the front and stared out the window while they both whispered on and on.
"You want me to get your stuff?" Jessica asked as we came to a stop in the parking lot.
I nodded. "Sure, if you don't mind?"
"Not a problem, I think you have better things to do." She smiled at the two in the back and got out.
A tap on the window made me look up. I rolled the window down. "Hi, what can I do for you?"
Tristan glanced toward the back of the car and smiled coldly to the both of them. He flipped a piece of paper through the window and I caught it before it fluttered to the floor. "See you at Avery," he said and disappeared into the shadows.
A change in the air gave me a split second warning. I spun around and nearly had my throat slashed. I jerked away at the same time my hand shot out and grab a hold of the knife, blade first, and pull it out of the boyfriend's hand. The knife sliced through the tissues and muscles and god know what else. Blood coated the knife and my hand. I dropped it on the floorboard of the car. I snarled and grabbed a hold of his throat all the while semi-registering that the girlfriend was screaming and that Jessica had returned. In my peripheral vision, I saw her taking the paper and reading it. The car started up again and we were off. I pulled him to me and bared my fangs. His eyes went wild. I struck hard and fast. As he went limp, it took all of my effort to force myself to stop. I let him go and pushed him back. He fell against his girlfriend who was now sobbing. I growled and forced myself to turn back to the front. I looked over at Jessica. She was sweating bullets and her hands were gripping so tight on the steering wheel that I was surprised that it didn't crack under the pressure. The car slowed down and I noticed that we were at our destination. Somebody must've told Avery all the info, because the moment the car stop, he flashed over with Adalyn and opened the backdoor and pulled them out. I picked up the knife and Jessica and I got out after them. Jessica frowned. "I'm picking up Kara and Kallie," she said, looking around nervously at all of us. Avery nodded and she jumped back in the car and nearly sped out of the driveway.
Avery, Adalyn, the two victims, and I walked over to the front door. The door flew opened and we strode inside. Eric, Trynnadon, and Tristan came out of the kitchen and froze. I frowned and looked at all of them. I realize that they were all staring at my bloody hand. I grimaced and looked down. "Mind dropping the knife?" Eric asked. "Or are you planning to stab us with it?" I let the knife clattered to the floor. All of the vampires closed around me except for Avery and Adalyn who was still holding the two victims. "Oh no, no you're not." Before I could push them away, Tristan grabbed a hold of my hand. I hissed and tried to pull it free. He tightened his grip on my wrist. Eric and Trynnadon backed up, glaring at Tristan. I looked at him. That evil glint was back in his eyes. I cringed and again tried to pull my hand free, but Tristan applied even more pressure. I winced. I saw his fangs descending on my hand. Fuck me. His tongue lapped at my healing flesh and I could feel it knitting together. I groaned. I so did not need to feel that. He was panting by the time he was finish… healing me? He let go of me and I looked at him questioningly. He pointed to the kitchen. I cursed and headed that way to clean up. I felt someone behind me. I turned around. Adalyn was looking at me with concern in her red eyes which were rapidly growing darker by the second. "I'm fine," I said reassuringly. She looked at my hand which I was wiping with a towel.
"Can I see it?" I turned my hand to her. Pink scar marred it where the knife sliced through it, which was fading as I watched. She nodded and I let it drop to my side. I toss the towel in the trashcan. Adalyn leaned in and lowered her voice. "I'm going to tell you something that you must keep tight to yourself best as you can," she said.
I frowned. "What—“
"Hush," she hissed. "Avery and Tristan are brothers." I gasped. She slapped her hand over my mouth to silence me. "I don't know what's between them. No matter what I do or say, Avery wouldn't spill. I'm telling you this so you don't question them when they wouldn't look at each other or something."
I lowered my voice. "I won't say anything about it."
"Keep your shield up at all times, especially around those two."
I nodded. "I will."
Adalyn smiled and straightened. "Let's go, they're waiting for us in the basement."
I followed Adalyn out the kitchen, through a dark hallway to a door. She opened it and we both descended the stairs to a bare room. The lights were off and whimpers filled the silence. It was pitched black to the two humans down here, but my eyes didn't miss anything. Trynnadon, Avery, Eric, and Tristan had them enclosed in a semicircle. Adalyn and I walked over to join them. Trynnadon reached his hand out and stroked the girl's cheek. She screamed and shrank into the wall like it would give away and free her. He dropped his hand, and his eyes drilled holes in her. "Horrible past wasn't it?" he whispered. She screamed and Trynnadon cut her off like hitting a switch. "Shot your father out of anger." He bent down and leaned close to her ear. "And now you deeply regret it."
Avery laid a hand on Trynnadon's shoulder. "Cruel bastard," he said and gave a cold laugh which whipped through the air like fire.
Trynnadon straighten and stepped away, flashing him an evil smile. "Just telling her how it is." He turned back to the girl. "If you stop screaming, I'll release your vocal cord." She silently hissed at him. He laughed. "You have no idea what you're up for, human. I guess our earlier encounter hadn't been enough."
The lights suddenly turned on, and I walked to the male. He was staring up at the ceiling. "Nothing interesting up there," I said. He looked at me and cringed. I smiled and spun him around. He tried to head-butt me. I slammed his face into the wall, and blood squirted from his nose and mouth. He back-kicked me. I pinned him with my body and patted him down. He shifted. I smacked him which earned him another squirt of blood. I could feel the tension building behind me. I growled, backing away and turning to the girl. Tristan had her silenced and was holding her in place. "Empty your pockets, right now," I said to the boyfriend. "Or I'll let these five finish you off." Hisses and growls issued from all of them. He went pale and turned out his pockets. Needles and little baggies fell to the floor along with a pocket knife which flew to Avery's hand. Avery eyed him suspiciously.
"Were you planning to do something with this knife of yours?" he asked.
"No," the boyfriend rasped out.
Avery flashed over to him and jerked the human toward him. He lifted his chin up with the tip of the blade. "Oh really?" He pressed the tip deeper into his neck. Blood trickled out and onto the knife. "Tell me something, what were you going to do after the drive-by shooting?"
He gasped. "Nothing."
Avery slashed his throat. "Liar, child molester." I gasped and so did the other four. "I hope you enjoy your hell. Let me know how it is, won't you?" He licked his lips and snapped his neck. He groaned and flashed to the door. The doorbell rang and he flung the door opened and ran up the stairs.
Tristan gave an animalistic growl. "Can I kill her?" I tore my gaze away from the pool of blood. The girl was literally digging and scratching and kicking him. I walked over to them. I yanked the girl out of his arms. Tristan's eyes were shooting daggers. I wrapped my hands around her throat and squeeze. She stopped fighting, and I let her go. She fell to the floor, unconscious. I backed away from her and Adalyn, Trynnadon, and Eric closed on her in a flash. I looked at Tristan. He was looking at the ceiling. He looked at me, and then the loud hisses made me look. Yep, all three vampires struck almost simultaneously. I quickly looked away. I could hear Avery curse up a storm upstairs. Wow, did not know that he have that many swearwords in his vocabulary. Tristan cursed as well and vanished, and I follow after him. We enter the living room. Avery was on the floor, hissing, growling, and snarling. Tristan fell onto the sofa and curled into himself, panting and hissing wildly. Avery and Tristan both glared at me.
"Hey, I fed on my way here."
Tristan bared his fangs and flipped me off. "Go to hell," he rasped out.
I laughed and flopped myself into a chair in the corner. "This is going to be an interesting show." Just then Kara, Jessica, and Kallie walked in. Tristan and Avery heads snapped up and locked eyes on all of them. They froze a few steps in. Fear strongly radiated off them. I shot them the look and they turned and sprinted away. I swear I thought the two vampires weren’t going to jump me when they left, but of course, I was totally wrong. I felt the air shift, and I turned back to them. I rolled off the chair as Avery and Tristan made a grab for me. I leapt to my feet and flashed behind them. Tristan turned and caught me. I twist out of his grip and threw him across the room. I made to get up, but Avery launched himself at me. Shit, I thought and threw him off. I cursed as Tristan created a chokehold and locked my arms together. I took a peek at his eyes and shuddered. It was filled with murder. I tried to flip him off of me, but he applied even more pressure. I couldn't move, damn it.
"Wrestling match is over," Trynnadon said as Tristan weight was lifted off of me. Avery was going to jump me, but Adalyn was there blocking his way. She held out her wrist and yeah, Avery took her down and struck her throat. I heard a start of a scream but she was cut off. All the while I could hear Trynnadon and Eric trying to keep Tristan under control. I got up and strode to where they were and slammed Tristan's head against the wall, and he was out. "Talk about hard ass," Trynnadon muttered.
"What, were you planning to knock him out with your fist?"
He rolled his eyes at me. "We just saved your ass from having a huge gash in your throat."
"Thanks," I muttered and walked out of the living room and headed outside for a much needed fresh air.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

It wasn’t long for me to hear the struggles inside. Jessica, Kara, and Kallie burst through the doorway. Jessica pulled the door shut behind them. All of them were doubled over and gasping for air. “Tristan is going to demolish the damn house,” Kallie said, panting.
“Did you get everything from the hotel or do you have to go back?” I asked.
“I got everything,” said Jessica.
I walked over to the back of the car. “Please tell me that one of you brought the keys out?”
“We were too busy trying to get to the door,” said Kallie.
I popped the lock and opened the trunk. I search through each bag until I found the table that I was looking for. I slammed the trunk shut and walked to the door. I slowly opened it and stepped back inside. I silently walked to the living room to find Tristan almost biting Adalyn’s hand off. It would have been funny if it wasn’t so violent. “Hurry up and set up that table!” she yelled at me. I nodded and unfolded the table. I dropped the three bands onto the holder and stepped back. I watched as Trynnadon locked Tristan’s jaw together, and they lifted him up. They put him down on the table and quickly changed position to hold him in place. Eric glanced at me and I went over and took one of the bands out and snapped it in place. The other two flew into Trynnadon’s hands. I moved out of his way as he snapped those in place.
“Avery, hit the switch to your right,” said Trynnadon.
Avery sucker punch Tristan. “Listen up,” he growled. “If you slam against the restraints, you’re going to get a taste of,” he looked down at the readout. “A hundred thousand volts of electricity.” Tristan snarled. Avery smiled and flipped the switch. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
I went to the door to call the girls back inside. Once they were inside, Tristan nose flared and he growled low in his throat. They went to stand against the far wall, keeping a good distance from the table. His eyes stared at them oh so hungrily. He twitched slightly. I moved back to where I was standing. I was prepared for him to slam himself against the restraints, but he didn’t as the table vibrated dangerously. Tristan eyes were spinning wildly. He clenched and unclench his hands, and he hissed. I stared at Tristan’s fully extended fangs and finally glanced around at all of them standing in the room. “Any suggestions?” I asked. “He needs to feed like, badly.” Nobody answered. “Or are you guys volunteering?” They all shook their heads.
“Not going to be the next to end up on the table,” said Trynnadon. “He’s not going to want a sip from us.”
“Drain us dry more like it,” Jessica muttered. Tristan tongue flicked out at the sound of her voice. She cringed and stepped closer to Kara which hyped him up even more.
“Compose yourself,” I said to her. “Your fear will only make him more excited.” I studied the table. “And I bet you anything, one good slam against this thing; we’ll all be on the ground begging for mercy.” I quickly looked over at Tristan. He was still focused on the only three humans in the house. I hoped he wasn’t paying much attention to what I was saying.
“I’ll hunt for him,” Adalyn said, her eyes fixed on Avery.
“Generous of you,” he whispered and moved to her in lightning speed. He took her arm and led her outside for a quick word I assume, since she reentered a minute later.
“Well, I guess I’ll go clean up the basement somehow,” said Eric. “You need me just yell.”
“We’re helping,” Kara said, rushing to the door and opening it. The other two followed shortly after.
Trynnadon, Adalyn, and I moved closer to Tristan as he made another move to free himself. He snarled and jerked his head up and inhaled us. “Easy there,” said Trynnadon.
“Release me,” Tristan hissed.
“Um, I…“
“Do it,” he growled. I went closer to him. I could hear Adalyn holding her breath as I stopped a few inches from him. Tristan involuntarily closed his hand at what would have been me if I so much as place mine an inch above his.  He looked me in the eye. “Release me,” he whispered. “I know you want to.”
“I’m sorry Tristan, I can’t.” My vision suddenly blurred and a weird feeling crept through me.
“Release me,” he repeated. Oh shit, panic washed through me. My hands twitched. My head was screaming no, but my body was thinking the opposite. I couldn’t break the eye contact no matter how hard I tried to look away. Now I knew what it was like to be compelled into doing something against your will. I felt a hand on my shoulder, pulling me back. “Attack her.” What? No. “Do it.”
“Donnica, can you hear me?” Adalyn asked. I did hear her all right, but I couldn’t answer her for the life of me. “Tristan is controlling you. Snap out of it, you can do it.” My hand went into my pocket and closed around something metal. I pulled it out, and an invisible force whirled me around and had me aiming the gun and firing. Something knocked the gun out of my hand and jerked me forward. I was spun around and slammed to the floor and held down.
“Hit her.” My hand closed into a fist and I made to punch Adalyn, but she grabbed it before it could even make contact with her head. “Propel Adalyn off of you with your mind,” he growled. I concentrated and let go a sharp command and she flew off of me. “Very good, now get up and walk over to Trynnadon.” I got up and walked blindly over to him. “Knock him out, do it now.” I grabbed him and slammed his head against the wall until he was knocked out. I let him go and he dropped to the floor. “Mmm, now go to the basement door and lock it.” I walked over to the door and turned the lock. “Come to me.” I went over to him. Wow, I felt like a fucking puppet. “You won’t remember any of this, but there’s one last thing you need to do.” I waited like an obedient child. What a stupid, stupid, stupid move, looking him in the eye? Yep, beyond stupid. “Turn off the switch and release me.” I flipped the switch and removed the three bands and placed it back in their holder. My vision got clearer and that weird feeling was gone, but I was now completely confused.
“What the fu—" I started to say but stopped myself as I realized something was terribly wrong. My mouth dried, and I knew what was about to happen. I gulped. “Tristan?” I heard a low growl which turned into a hiss as I was knocked backward. My head hit the wall as I went down. Ow, rubbing my head, I tried to get up. Tristan launched himself at me and the impact knocked the air right out of me. I struggled to throw him off, but his steel hold on me was unbreakable. I cursed long and loud. “Who release you?” I looked around and realized to my horror that I was the only one who wasn’t knocked out on the floor.
“You did,” he whispered. His grip tightened painfully on me. “I made you do all that.” He nodded to Adalyn and Trynnadon. I tried to move, but Tristan had me good this time. My eyes kept on flickering to his fangs and back to scanning the living room for a weapon I could use. My head snapped around to look at him as I heard the inhaling of air.
“Let me go,” I pleaded with him. He put his full weight on me and leaned down. I turned my head, not wanting to see those fangs descending on me. “I heard you only feed on males,” I said desperately. I wanted to distract him as long as I could. I felt his breath on my neck. I stiffen, my breathing getting faster and faster each second. I gasped as his tongue licked slowly at my jugular. “So, is it true?” I asked. Bonus for me, my voice didn’t crack.
He pressed his mouth to my pulse which was beating a million miles per hour. He breathed in my scent. “I like you.”
“No you—” His fangs grazed my neck and I knew I could say no more to distract him from feeding. He was panting.
“To answer your question, I do, and I don’t.” I heard him growling, and then I felt the sharp pain as he punctured my neck. I winced as he pulled in a mouthful of my blood. He groaned in pleasure and sucked harder which was hurting more as he continued to drink from me. Never keep me restrain from what I want, he mentally said to me.
“Fuck you,” I spat out. He stopped sucking, but his fangs were still buried deep in my neck. He sighed deeply and withdrew it.
“Avery is here.” He quickly swept his tongue over the bite wound and got off of me. I rubbed my hand over the wound and slowly sat up. I watched Tristan disappearing into the kitchen as the door opened, and Avery walked in with two humans. The door slammed shut behind them as he guided the two humans over to the living room. “So generous of you, brother,” Tristan hissed.
“You don’t owe me anything,” Avery muttered.
“Oh, I don’t plan on owing you. I never did.” Tristan appeared out of thin air, and he snatched one of the humans from Avery. He struck before the human even knew what hit him. The other human was a little lucky. He got the idea, and he made a run for the door. I moved in lightning speed in front of the human and grabbed him, jerking him back. I dragged him over to Tristan. He clamped his hand on the human’s upper arm. The other human’s scream died out in a gurgle as Tristan drained the little life he had left in him. He dropped him and he was on the other male in a flash. I heard a groan to my right and both Avery and I turned to see who made the sound. Trynnadon was coming around, but Adalyn was still out cold.
“Did I miss something?” Avery asked, looking a little confused.
Trynnadon got up and walked toward us. “You missed Tristan’s mind game,” he said. “Fucking froze my ass, couldn’t do anything to stop it. He was controlling her.” He shot me a look. “I give Adalyn props for trying to snap you out of it,” he said.
I felt hands on my shoulders. I turned my head to see who was behind me. “Hit me,” said Tristan.
“Excuse me?”
He tapped the side of my head. “You want to beat me into pulps so I’m giving you the chance. You’re the only one I’m allowing.”
“Er…”
He smiled. “Let your anger out.” Bite him, Trynnadon whispered in my head. Tristan shot him a dirty look. “Besides that.”
He chuckled. “Fair is fair.”
I gathered all the anger into one blow and spun around and socked Tristan good in the stomach. He sucked in a sharp breath and doubled over. I slammed my body against him, knocking him hard to the floor. I rolled off of him and got up. Okay, that felt good. A pounding from somewhere snapped my head around to the sound. I walked over and unlocked the basement door. The door opened and Kallie, Kara, Jessica, and Eric were all standing there. “You weren’t really cleaning up, were you?” I asked.
“Um, kind of, but not really,” said Jessica. “I was uh… actually talking to my sister this whole time.”
Kallie held out a plastic bag. I noticed that it had the needles and drugs inside. “I’m sending this over to Jenkins,” she said.
I nodded. “Sounds good.” I moved out of their way. They all step through the doorway and closed it.
Eric glanced over at Tristan who was still gasping on the floor. “She got you good, didn’t she,” he asked him. He didn’t answer. “I’ll take that as a yes.” He walked over to Adalyn and knelt down beside her. “Damn, how hard did you propel this poor girl?”
I moved to them in a flash. I got down and pulled her to me. “Adalyn?”
“If you somehow kill her, I will rip you apart, slowly,” said Avery.
“There will be no more ripping each other apart,” Trynnadon interjected.
“Feed her,” Tristan rasped out. All heads turned to look at him. He took a deep breath. “Oh come on, you know what I mean.” I turned back to Adalyn. I stuck two fingers in her mouth and forced it open. Ripping open my own wrist, I put it to her mouth. I lifted her head so the blood would go down her throat smoothly. I heard movements, and I looked up. Oh wow, they were all surrounding me, even Tristan crawled his ass over. They were all focused on Adalyn, but still, it made me very uncomfortable. A choking sound snapped me back to Adalyn. Her eyes fluttered open. I breathed a sigh of relief. I made to move my wrist away, but she grabbed it and held it in place. She blinked and her fangs tore through my wrist, and she drew in a good mouthfuls. A few seconds later, she sighed and withdrew her fangs. She licked my wrist and let me go.
“Sorry,” she whispered.
I shook my head. “Don’t be.”
Adalyn rolled off my lap and sat up. She glared at Tristan. “As for you? You can go to hell.”
“I’m already there,” he growled.
She rolled her eyes. “Go jump off a bridge why don’t you.”
“Harsh.” Tristan got up and strode to the door. He wrenched it open. “Keep your girl safe, my brother,” he said and vanished into thin air.
“What?” She got up and walked over to Avery. “What the hell does he mean?”
“I have no idea,” said Avery. Trynnadon and Eric both looked confused.
“You? Tristan? Brothers?” Eric asked.
Avery sighed. “Yes, shocking isn’t it?”
“Well, you should’ve told us in the beginning, you dimwit,” said Jessica.
He narrowed his eyes on her. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Do you two like, have a thing going on?” I asked.
His eyes suddenly went from red to pitch black, and the room temperature dropped slightly. “No, it's not any of your concerns.”
“Uh, sure,” said Eric.
“Don’t tempt me,” he hissed.
“Sorry.”
Avery took a deep breath. “I’m going after him. You have no idea how dangerous he can be.”
“Yeah, I bet,” I said. Avery walked out the door that Tristan left open. He closed it, blocking the cold air from blowing into the house.
“Finally,” Kara breathed. “I swear, they’re trying to get us sick or something,” she said to the other two girls. Jessica and Kallie laughed.
“I agree,” said Jessica. “Oh and Donnica, you need like some vampire power lesson or something.”
“Hey! You’re saying I’m weak?” Trynnadon and Eric both laughed.
“Er, no, not even. It’s just that, you keep getting your ass kicked by Tristan.”
Trynnadon muttered something under his breath. “Tristan is a big fucking mystery.”
I laughed. “You try to go up against him,” I said to her.
She gulped. “Um no, that’s okay, I’ll pass on that.”
“And yes, Tryn, that bastard is a big fucking mystery indeed.”
“It’s six in the morning,” said Kallie. “You vampires mind if we humans get some sleep? We need to be refreshed and alert in case we have to,” she coughed. “Donate a few pints of blood.”
Trynnadon chuckled. “Not at all. Sweet dreams.”
“I’ll show you where your rooms are,” said Adalyn. She led them down the hall and disappeared around the corner.
“Talk about a long night,” I muttered.
“Would you like to tell me about it?” Trynnadon asked, staring out the window.
“Nope, let’s just stare at the fresh snow falling from the sky and watch it coalesce into beautiful snowflakes.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

Adalyn reentered the living room ten minutes or so later. She looked back and forth between the three of us. “Do you know what Tristan’s talking about?” she asked.
I sighed. “I have no fucking idea at all,” I said.
“Eric? Tryn?”
“Honestly? If I knew what he was talking about, I would tell you,” said Trynnadon.
“If he wasn’t Tristan, I would beat the shit out of him until he talks,” said Eric.
She laughed. “How touching, I should be grateful.”
Trynnadon chuckled. “Just uh… be on alert? I don’t think I like having Avery on my ass anytime soon.”
She nodded. “Well, I’m off, if you need anything just help yourselves to whatever.” She walked to the door and punched in a few numbers on the keypad. “This is the security system. It’s not great, but it’s better than nothing. This was all it came with when we rented the house like three months ago.” She activated the system and opened the door and stepped outside.
Seven hours later and here I was, staring into empty space and bored the fuck out of my mind. I was itching to spill some blood. I headed outside and slipped on my sunglasses. Where are you going? Trynnadon whispered in my head. I ignored his question and started walking down the street, looking for something of interest. Snow swirled around me as I walked farther away from the house. I had no clue where I was going, but at least I was doing something. A gunshot went off in the distance. One shot, two shots, three shots. Son of a fucking ass! What kind of a world do I live in now these days, one shooting after another? In vampire speed, I was on the scene in two minutes. The shooting was in the middle of nowhere, Huh, interesting. A woman was on the ground bleeding profusely from three bullet wounds. The husband, I think it was, was ready to put one final bullet in her. I went up behind him and jerked him backward, effortlessly taking the gun from his hand. He let out a sound of surprise, and I spun him around to face me. “Don’t you wish you were somewhere else?” I asked. He looked utterly confused at my question. I bared my fangs and leaned in. He went deathly pale as I hissed and ripped his neck open. I didn’t bother to drink from him. Dropping him to the ground, I flashed over to the dying woman. Opening my wrist, I put it to her mouth. Pulling out my cell phone, I dialed 9-1-1. After making sure the ambulance was on the way, I removed my wrist from her mouth. My blood in her would buy her a few more hours. I could heal her, but that would bring up some questions, I wasn’t going to waste my time answering and explaining things to the officers. I went back to the husband or boyfriend or whatever and stood over him. His eyes met mine and I smile down at him. I picked up the gun and aimed it at his head. His eyes rolled to the back of his head in fear, and I heard the approaching sound of sirens. Damn it. “Looks like today is your lucky day,” I said to him. “I don’t get to put a bullet in your head after all. What a pity.” I place the gun in his hand and vanished out of his sight.
Watching from a distance, I observed as the two paramedics went to work on the woman, establishing an IV line, putting in a breathing tube, and stopping the bleeding. She was still unconscious as they loaded her in the back of the ambulance. I heard another sound of a siren. Another ambulance arrived on the scene and went to work on the male. I gag in discuss. I wanted to kill him, but lucky for him, he was saved by the siren. I watched as he was loaded into the back and both ambulances sped away, leaving three police cruisers to follow after them. I cursed and walked away from the scene, feeling very annoyed. “You’re way, way too nice.”
I spun around. “Trynnadon! What the hell are you doing here?”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“Can I have some alone time to myself for once?” I growled at him.
“No you may not.”
I groaned. “Why?”
“Tristan’s order.”
“Tristan? When did you ever fucking listen to someone? You never do, and this is so not like you.”
He growled. “He says another vampire organization is kidnapping female vampires.”
“What?” I spluttered. “For?”
“Information.”
“On?”
“No idea.”
“Useless,” I muttered. I turned and walked away from him. I didn’t get far. He grabbed me and spun me back around.
“If I could read his thoughts, I would, but apparently, I can’t,” he hissed.
I tried to shrug away from him, but his hands firmly held me in place. “Let me go.”
“So you can wander off again?”
“I wasn’t wandering, you idiot.”
“Looks like you were.”
I narrowed my eyes. “Well, I wasn’t. Now could you please let me go?”
Trynnadon stepped back. “Well, I’m off to find Adalyn.”
“You do that, and I’m off to feed. If I hear another gunshot going off, I will kill every single person on this damn street.”
He laughed. “Try not to cause a scene. We don’t need to involve the cops. Or the Council for that matter.” He turned and disappeared into the trees. I stared at the snow covered ground; trying to make out everything I was told. Another vampire organization, kidnapping female vampires for information? What the fuck for and why? I groaned and walked on, in search for an unlucky person to cross my path.

PEYTON

Cold, why am I so cold? And stiff? I open my eyes. It was dark. I couldn’t make out anything. I tried to move, but something was holding me down. I lifted my hand as best as I could and reached for whatever was tying me down. Cold metal links met my fingers, a chain? Where was I anyway? I sniffed the air. A wet dank odor, a cave? Something is not right, not right in the slightest. I tried to scream, but only a croak came out. My throat felt dry. I tried again, only to shut my mouth as I heard movements. I held my breath, waiting. I heard the sound of a lock, and the door opened to reveal two hooded figures stood in the doorway. “Ah, she’s finally awake,” one of them said to the other. They both strode in and close the door, blocking the dim light. I struggled against the chains.
“Be of ease girl,” said the hooded figure number two.
“Where am I?” I asked.
“You are safe.”
I didn’t believe a word out of his mouth. “Why am I chained up then?”
He ignored me. “What is your name, girl.” I shook my head. I wasn’t going to tell them my name, not if I could help it. I felt him moving closer, and I stiffened. “I said, what is your name?” I kept my mouth shut. I was not going to answer any of his questions. Strong hands grabbed my head and bent it backward. “Are you going to answer, little girl?” Nope, not going to, I thought. I felt a sharp stabbing pain on my neck. I screamed out in pain and struggled against my chains. I wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon as I got weaker by the second. I screamed and screamed. Dizziness washed over me, and then I started to drift into unconsciousness, blissful unconsciousness.

DONNICA

It wasn’t long for my luck to give in. I watched as she cross the street and walked briskly toward where I was hiding. When she was a few feet from me, I sprang on her. I grabbed her and dragged her out of view of the streets. She gasped and struggled against me. I silenced her and spun her around. I threw her to the ground with me landing on top of her, the air knocked right out of her. I moved her hair, exposing the back of her neck. I leaned down, my fangs grazing her neck. She started to struggle under me. I turned her head to the side and struck. I sighed as the warm sweetness filled my mouth. I could feel her growing weaker as I pulled long and hard on her neck. After a few minutes, I withdrew my fangs. I licked the wound closed and got off of her. Wiping her memory clean of the incident, I headed back to the house. I did not want the Vampiric Council coming after me anytime soon. The Council, I thought. Warning bells suddenly went off in my head. The Council? Tristan and Avery? Could they—I came to an abrupt stop and gasped as pain exploded in my head. You’re too smart for your own good, sweetheart, a voice whispered through my mind. I took in a shuddering breath and held back a moan. I thought I felt something, or someone ruffling my hair. You won’t remember this moment, will you? Before I could respond, my world went dark. I blinked and opened my eyes. What the hell? I thought and sat up. I got up and looked around. “Tristan?” I asked stupidly when I saw him. He smirked and walked the short distance to me. “What happened?”
He shrugged. “You passed out for a second there.”
I just stared at him. “Why on earth would I pass out?”
“I have no idea. Did you get hit by a car?” I glared at him. He chuckled. “Go on back home.” I sighed and nodded. Turning, I continued my way down the sidewalk. “Oh hey,” Tristan said and stopped me with a hand on my shoulder. “One second,” he said and came around to face me.
“Huh?” I asked, meeting his eyes.
Tristan smiled, and everything went blurry. “Have you ever heard the phrase that went something like, never look a vampire in the eyes?” he asked. “No no, don’t answer,” he said as I open my mouth to reply. “First, you won’t remember blacking out. You were on your way back from hunting. You never came across me. And oh, I’m not a member of the Vampiric Council.” I nodded. “Actually, I take that back.” He smirked and leaned in. “I am a member of the Council,” he whispered in my ear. “But you, sweetheart, won’t remember me telling you this, will you?” He straightened as I once again nodded.
“I won’t remember you telling me that you are a Council member,” I said in a monotone.
“Good,” he said, and disappeared into thin air. Blinking, I continued on my way.
“Welcome back,” Kallie said as I opened the door.
“Um, thanks?”
She laughed. “Anything interesting happened while you were out?”
“Another shooting.”
“Got some crazy ass people,” she muttered under her breath.
“Are you two gonna come in or are you going to stand there in the doorway talking?” Jessica asked. I stepped inside. Kallie entered and close the door and headed to the kitchen with a bag full of stuff and set it on the counter. “So uh, where are Tryn, Eric, Avery, and them?”
“Trynnadon is off looking for Adalyn,” I said. “I don’t know where the others gone off to.” I took off my sunglasses and set it on the table. I sat down and leaned back on the couch. “What you got there, Kallie?”
“Food, there’s barely any in the fridge. So I went out and bought some.” She took them out and put them in the refrigerator and organizing it.
“Kara is in the shower,” said Jessica. “In case you wanted to know.” I heard the lock turning and the door opening. I looked toward the front door. Trynnadon and Adalyn came in, Adalyn looking pissed off about something. The door closed on its own as they both entered the living room.
“What’s up?” I asked. Adalyn cursed.
“I told her what I told you,” said Trynnadon.
“Ah, so you told Avery too?” He nodded. “Was Tristan with him?”
“I told him telepathically, and I got a growl in response.”
I laughed. “Nice.” Adalyn swung herself on the couch beside me. She would have knocked me and the couch backward, but Trynnadon was there in a flash, stopping it. She was agitated and ready to bash some skulls in. She stared at Trynnadon.
“If you happen to run into any of these assholes, let me know, won’t you?” she said coldly. “I’d love to stab them all in the heart.”
Trynnadon grimaced. “I will,” he said as his phone buzzed in his pocket. He stepped out of the living room and answered it.
“Are they following you too?” she asked me. I nodded. “If this turns out not to be a big deal like they say, I’m going to have their heads as a trophy.
“Count me in.”
A hint of a smile flickered on her face. “Of course.”
“Eric says we’re having a meeting when he gets back. Which is in ten minutes or so,” Trynnadon said, flipping his phone shut.
“Oh really?” I asked.
“He was staking out the McKenzy’s place, and he spotted a vampire lurking around.”
“Shit,” Adalyn hissed.
“Tristan and Avery are also on their way back.”
“Then perhaps, we the humans shall leave?” Jessica asked. “You know, just in case Tristan decides to pop my neck open this time,” she said, shuddering at the mere thought.
“Yeah, you should,” I said. “Although, don’t blame everything on Tristan, if you know what I mean?” She nodded and walked toward the door. Kallie cursed, and I heard the refrigerator slamming shut. She appeared beside Jessica, waiting for Kara to join them. She came out a minute later, still brushing her wet hair back.
“Let’s rock and roll,” said Kara.
I laughed. “Have fun.”
She opened the door and quickly backed away from it. She composed herself and took a deep breath. “Hi there, may we pass?”
Avery smiled at her and moved for them to pass him. Once they were out, he came in and shut the door behind him. “So what’s the deal here?” he asked.
“Eric will give us all the info when he gets here,” I said.
“Hmm, things are getting more and more interesting by the day, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, it is.”
He came into the living room and sat down on the other side of me. “So where’s my brother? He’s usually the first to be somewhere at a given time.”
“Weren’t you with him?” I asked.
“I wasn’t with him for the whole time, you know. I’m not his babysitter.”
I laughed. “I don’t think he needs one, particularly you.” The door opened and Eric came in, a pissed off look on his face. This is going to be one of those nights. A night where everybody is moody and ready to pummel the living shit out of someone just for saying hi to them. I stiffened and prepared myself for whatever was coming. We were all staring at Eric, waiting for him to start talking. He scanned the room. Oh yeah, we were missing one member of the team. Where was that bastard anyways?
“Call your brother and tell him to get his ass over here pronto,” Eric said to Avery.
“No need,” Avery muttered distractedly. “He’s close by.”
“Is he… in a good mood?”
Avery stared at him. “My brother? Good mood? He’s never in a good mood. Surely you know that by now?”
Eric cursed. “Well, this is going to piss him off even more.” An eerie feeling of a presence suddenly filled the room. Everybody froze.
“What’s going to piss me off even more? Why don’t you continue? I won’t interrupt,” Tristan growled.
“Why don’t you show yourself?” Avery asked in a tight voice.
“Is it too much for you to handle, brother? I should teach you how to cloak your presence from others. It could come quite in handy when needed.”
“Eric!” I shouted, but it was a little too late. Tristan grabbed a hold of Eric and had him in a chokehold. Avery stood up and walked over to them.
“So, what were you going to tell us?” Tristan asked. He let go of Eric and pulled Avery away from us.
Eric coughed. “I spotted a vampire lurking around the McKenzy’s place. He was watching her window. I watched him go. I followed him. He met up with a human.”
“What?” I asked. “We don’t work alongside humans, well, at least not on our hunts, and we don’t let them do our dirty work, like kidnapping another human, for instance.”
“Apparently they do.”
“And do you have a description of the human?” I asked.
Eric pulled out his cell phone. “I’m sending you the picture.” He hit a few buttons and not a second later, my phone buzzed in my pocket. I pulled out my phone and flipped it open. Tristan hissed and growled deep and low in his throat.
“Mmm, he looks very tasty.”
“Everybody looks tasty to you, Tristan,” I said. “Even vampires.”
Tristan chuckled. “You know what? You’re right,” he drawled. He looked over at Eric. “I thought you were going to tell us that their house burn down or something,” he said in a sarcastic tone.
“You haven’t heard the worst of it,” Eric mumbled. “I think you should keep a tight hold on your bro there,” he said very fast to Avery. Tristan stiffened. Adalyn and I got up and walked over to him. Trynnadon cursed and came over and stood in front of him. We had him covered on all sides. What could be worse? I looked expectantly at Eric who was standing as far away as he could. He was looking back and forth between the door and the window. “Ah…” He cleared his throat. “Um… well ah… please don’t rip my head off for this, but uh…” He paused and looked nervously over at us.
“Say it,” Tristan hissed at him. “Or I’ll blast through your flimsy shield, and then you’ll be writhing on the floor,” he growled. Eric shifted nervously.
“Just say it man,” I said. “The sooner the better.”
He cursed and took a deep breath, holding it. He took one last look at Tristan. “They also got Christian,” he said in one breath. The window flew open and Eric was gone before Tristan even made a move on him.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

AUBREY

“Leave the boy here with me. He’ll join his sister soon enough. You will go and bring the mother to me as well. Make sure you are not seen.” I pulled down the hood over my face and headed out. Taking out one whole family, I so can’t wait what he’ll do with them, poor, poor McKenzy. I hid behind a great big tree and waited for her to come out. A cold chill ran down my spine. What the fuck? I thought. I looked around and saw nothing unusual. Just to be sure, I went closer to the trees, blending myself in, but that cold chill didn’t go away. I was definitely not alone. Before I could make up my mind of what to do next, I was surrounded by… I did a quick headcount, eight vampires. Oh shit, I pulled out my gun and pointed it at one of them. “Is it just me or do all humans have brains the size of a pinhead?” one of them asked the others.
“Is it just me or are some vampire’s just extremely stupid?” another one growled.
“I think Aubrey can tell us,” said another one. They closed in around me. I tried to pull the trigger, but I couldn’t get my finger to do what I wanted it to do. The one I had my gun trained on leaned in.
“I would love to meet Aiden,” he whispered. What the hell? How did he know his name and who I am? “Next time you see him, tell him that Tristan says hi. I’m absolutely sure my name pops up in every single conversation.” Tristan? No way, this can’t be the one Aiden was talking about, was it? “It is, the one and only,” he said, so low that I had to strain to hear him. “Tell me one last thing, Aubrey. Who is Aiden’s master? Whose orders does he obey?”
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” I said in the strongest tone I could muster up. Don’t tell him, I repeated over and over in my head. Laughter rang out around me. One of them took the gun out of my useless hold. The laughter slowly died down.
“You think you can keep me out of your head so easily?” A blast of pain shot through my head. I fell to the ground, clutching my head. The pain was suddenly gone, but the world started to spin. A hand lifting me up was the last thing I felt when darkness closed around me.

DONNICA

For the life of me, I wished I could fly, I thought to myself as I ran with the unconscious human in my arms. Hell, I thought he was gonna throw up before he fainted. I pulled the hood off of his face as I reached the front door. I walked in and headed for the basement. The door was already opened. They were all down there, waiting for me to arrive. I walked downstairs and drop the human like he was nothing. Trynnadon walked over to the human and start to strip him. “All girls upstairs,” he said. Adalyn and I glared at him.
“We seen naked guys before,” I said dryly.
“Fine. Somebody search him.”
I went over and knelt down beside him and carefully went through his pockets, pulling out needles after needles after needles, and… “Oh look here, a switchblade,” I said, tossing it in the air and catching it. “And I’m keeping it.”
“I think you should take that from her, Tryn,” said Adalyn. “She might stab me with it.”
“Hey, I don’t go around stabbing random people here.”
Trynnadon pulled me into him. “Oh I think she can handle herself.”
I pushed him away. “Yes, I can.” I put the switchblade in my pocket and shoved the human toward Trynnadon. “Finish stripping him. Then let’s wake him up so we can play with him a bit longer.” I gathered all the needles up and went to the kitchen. Searching through the cabinet, I found what I was looking for, a plastic zip block bag. I dropped the needles in the bag, closed it, and left it on the counter. I went back downstairs. The human was now lying not just unconscious but also completely naked on the floor. I went over to him. I stared at him, my energy crackling in the air. I triggered his brainwaves and commanded him to wake up. A few seconds later, he slowly opened his eyes. He looked around, confused. “Had a nice nap?” I asked.
“Welcome back,” said Trynnadon.
“If you haven’t notice, you are in no position to fight us,” I said.
“What are you going to do to me?” Aubrey asked.
“Nothing as of yet, you are going to give us some information.”
“Information, on what?”
“Good, sounds like you are going to cooperate… or not. First off, where are Peyton and Christian?”
“I have no idea who they are.”
“Are you really going to lie to us, after the blast that knock your ass unconscious?”
“I swear I don’t know where they are.”
“Then perhaps you can tell us who has them?”
“I don’t know who has them.”
“Then why, were you spotted when you took the boy?”
“That wasn’t me.”
“Oh? Who was the vampire with you?”
“He didn’t give me his name.”
“So you do admit to knowing Peyton and Christian and their whereabouts?”
“No—”
“You just made a total slip up, buddy. So if I were you, I would start talking right here and now.”
“I don’t—” Quick as lightning, I had the switchblade pressed to his throat. He gasped as trickles of blood slid onto the blade. I eased up, only slightly. “Talk,” I hissed. “Or tonight will be your last.”
He whimpered. “Please don’t kill me, I’ll tell you all I know.”
“That’s more like it.”
“I honestly don’t know where the kids are, but—” A cell phone ringing cut off the rest of his sentence. I looked around for the thing.
“Somebody going to answer that?” I asked.
“Unknown caller, who could this be, I wonder,” said Trynnadon. He flipped the phone open, but didn’t say anything, just listened to whoever it was on the other end of the line. “Aubrey is doing remarkably well,” he hissed into the phone. “Letting the humans do your dirty work is weak, weak indeed.” Speakerphone, I telepathically said to him. He pushed a button and someone was snarling on the other end of the line.
“Be careful about what you say,” the caller hissed.
“I am as careful as I’ll ever be,” Trynnadon said in a low dangerous tone.
“Watch your back, vampire. The human is mine.”
“If you want him back that badly, come and get him yourself. Oh, those two humans you kidnapped, they are mine.”
The caller on the other end laughed. “Oh they’ll never see daylight ever again.”
“Think again,” Trynnadon hissed and flipped the phone shut. He threw the phone at James. “Go do your stuff. I know you just got here and all, but we need to find out where that fucker is calling from.”
“Avery, you got a secure connection?” James asked.
“Yes, come with me. I’ll give you all the passwords and… stuff.” James followed Avery out of the basement. I looked away as the door closed. I didn’t know that Eric had contacted him and Callan until they showed up at the doorstep, just a few minutes after Eric flew out of the window, and Tristan demolishing the whole living room. After the incident and no introduction, he sped to the McKenzy and we followed.
“Callan, Tristan. Tristan, Callan,” I said, introducing them for the first time.
Tristan stared at Callan. A hint of a smile crossed his face. “Nice to meet you. I don’t get along well with others, just a little tidbit about me.”
Callan laughed. “Nice to meet you too.”
“Now that we got that out of the way,” I said, and I jabbed Aubrey hard. He winced. “Let’s get back to business.”
“You sure that you don’t know this vampire’s name, because a name would be very helpful,” said Trynnadon.
“I’m not going to say another word,” Aubrey said, gently prodding his neck.
Tristan smiled at him. “Dev Poralis?” Aubrey froze. Tristan just stared at him. “I was being nice, giving you a little privacy in your little mind, but remember, I can get inside your head anywhere anytime, even without blasting your mind wide opened. It’s like diving into water.”
Blood drained completely from his face. “You’re out of your mind,” Aubrey spluttered.
“Am I?” Tristan drawled. He moved away from the wall and came nearer. He looked down at Aubrey, smirking. He bent down and trailed his finger across his neck. Taking the switchblade from me, he flipped it over and over in the air. He put the blade to Aubrey’s throat, the dull side touching. Aubrey stiffened and sweat broke out all over. “I would watch what you say, human. I could flip this blade over and you'd be dead before you utter another word. Do you understand?” he hissed.
“Yes, yes I do,” Aubrey gasped. Tristan moved the blade away from Aubrey’s neck and flipped it in the air again. He handed the blade to me, and I took it. He straightened up and went back to his position by the wall.
“So, Dev, is it? Where are they?” I asked.
“I don’t know. He doesn’t tell me anything,” said Aubrey.
“He doesn’t? You know, I find that hard to believe.”
“He’s actually telling the truth for once,” said Tristan.
I cursed. “You’re useless,” I hissed at Aubrey. I turned to the others. “Let him go,” I said to them. “We’ll see where he takes us.”
“Get up and get dress,” Trynnadon growled. “And get the fuck out of here, fast,” he hissed.
“Yes, before I changed my mind,” I said.
Aubrey slowly got up and grabbed his clothes. He quickly dressed and walked to the door, stopping with his hand on the doorknob. “Where are my weapons?” he asked roughly.
“You won’t be needing it,” I said.
“But—”
“Goodbye.”
“I want—” Trynnadon hissed and grabbed Aubrey by the throat. “I’m escorting him out; don’t want him to know where we’re staying for the time being.” He knocked Aubrey’s hand out of the way and opened the door.
“Wait,” I said. “I forgot to ask him what he was doing when we found him.”
“Oh, that’s right,” said Trynnadon. “What, were you doing there?” he asked.
“Not—” Tristan yanked him away from Trynnadon. He threw him against the wall, and Aubrey crumbled to the floor in a heap. He painfully got up, gasping. I flashed to Tristan’s side. I put a restraining hand on his shoulder. He stiffened at the contact.
“What. Were. You. Doing. There?” I asked.
“He told me to bring the mother to him,” he choked out.
I let go of Tristan, and in a blur, I slashed Aubrey’s arm open. He screamed and cradled his bleeding arm. “That’s a warning to Dev and a clear message that you didn’t fulfill your mission.” I looked at Trynnadon who was still standing at the door. “Take him away.”
“Next time,” Tristan growled. “She won’t be able to stop me from killing you,” he hissed. “Consider yourself lucky,” he snarled. “Now get out.” Trynnadon grabbed Aubrey and dragged him up the stairs and out of sight. I heard the front door closed, and the sound of Aubrey still screaming bloody murder to the heaven. His scream finally cut off and silence hung heavily in the air.
“I’m gonna go check on how James is doing with that phone,” I said.
“And I need to talk to you,” said Tristan.
I frowned. “About?”
He sighed. “Your powers.”
“Oh. Maybe later?”
He nodded. “Later then.”
I headed upstairs and to the computer room where James and Avery were. I entered without knocking. They both looked up when I entered. “Any progress?” I asked.
“Untraceable,” said James.
“You’re joking me right?”
“Nope.”
“Damn it.”
“It’s Aubrey’s cell isn’t it?”
“Yeah, but the number that fucker is calling from is untraceable. Did you let him go?”
“Yeah, I did.”
“Track his movements.”
“I think Tristan and Trynnadon got that under control.”
Avery smiled. “With my brother on his ass, he has nowhere to hide.”
“Well, nothing else I can do,” said James. “I’m no Wesley.”
“I’ll log off,” said Avery. “You go and take a tour of the house or something. We’ll be off to see Julia in a bit. She has no idea that Christian is missing.”
“Okay,” James and I said in unison.
I left the room and checked back downstairs. Adalyn was cleaning up the blood. “Need help?” I asked.
“No, I’m good, but the others are waiting outside for us. You can go. I’ll follow when I’m done.”
I nodded and headed outside to wait with the rest. Trynnadon looked up with a questioning look. “Adalyn is cleaning up, and Avery is—”
“Here,” Avery said from behind me.
“So, who’s going to give her an early wakeup call?” I asked.
“I guess I will,” said Eric. He walked off, flipping his phone open.
Just then Adalyn joined us. “Okay, let’s go and get this done and over with,” she said.
Trynnadon opened the car door and got in. Opening the passenger side door, I slid in beside him. Tristan and Adalyn got in the back while Avery and the rest flew off into the sky. Trynnadon pulled out of the driveway and sped down the street. When we arrived, the other four were waiting for us. We all got out of the car and walked toward them. James knocked on the door and we waited. A few minutes later, Julia opened the door. She quickly wiped her tears away and gave us a little smile.
“Who has them?” she demanded.
“May we come in?” I asked.
“I want to know who took them,” she screamed.
I winced. “We’ll tell you everything, if you let us inside.”
“No, tell me.”
“Listen, it’s better if we come in and get out of the cold so you don’t freeze to death standing in the doorway.”
“Why are there a bunch of you here? Can’t just one of you come and tell me?”
“We all like to help you get your children back,” I said softly to her.
“Tell me where they are.”
“We can’t just—” She whipped out a gun and pointed it directly at Tristan. I stiffened.
“You helped me out once before. Why won’t you tell me where they are?” she cried.
Tristan looked down the barrel of the gun and then at her. “Put. That. Away.”
“You don’t think I can shoot one of these things?” she challenged.
“You’re not thinking—” A loud pop, a bright flash of light, and a stinging sensation on my stomach brought me to the ground, my hand over the wound. I hissed and groaned in pain. I coughed and rolled over. I heard angry hisses and growling and painful gasps around me. I also heard a muffled scream. I looked up and saw Julia being held by Callan, his hand over her mouth. Gasping, I slowly got up. Callan shoved Julia away from the door and went inside. A hand on my back gently pushed me forward. I went inside after Callan. I looked behind me to see who it was, it was Adalyn. She shook her head and pointed to the couch, gesturing for me to sit. I went over to the couch but didn’t sit. I looked toward the door to see who else got hit.
“Tristan and Trynnadon also got hit,” she said to me.
I nodded. “I totally wasn’t fucking expecting that,” I hissed angrily. Tristan, Trynnadon, Avery and Eric walked through the door. It looked like Tristan got hit the worse. He was coughing up blood. Avery guided Tristan into the kitchen while Trynnadon came over to me. “Are you okay?” I asked.
“I should be the one asking you that. I’m fine, I’m healing. She only got me in the arm.” He took my hand away from my stomach and caught the bullet that came out. I looked down, it was slowly healing. “Sit,” he said. I sat down on the couch behind me. “I’m going to check on Tristan.” He turned to Adalyn. “Prepare to jump in, because we might have to go for another wrestling match with Tristan. James and Callan are with Julia in her room.”
“I’ll be ready,” she said.
He brought his attention back to me. “And you, you just sit there and look cool.”
I chuckled. “I’ll do my best.” He turned around and walked out of the living room. “What on earth was she thinking,” I said to Adalyn. I sighed. “I should’ve listened in on her thoughts.”
“Hey, you weren’t the only one. None of us expected someone like her to pull out a gun and shoot us.”
I cursed. “Yeah, Julia the sweet, cool, and calming person suddenly becomes Julia the crazy, gun wielding type,” I muttered.
Adalyn smiled. “Exactly. Now you just sit there and think about… nothing.”
“I can hardly think about nothing when I just got shot by someone that we’re supposedly helping out.”
“True.” She sighed and sat down beside me. She gently prodded my bullet wound. “Still painful?”
“A little,” I said. “The pain is ebbing little by little.”
“Good.” I leaned back and stared at the ceiling, my mind wandering while Adalyn sat silently next to me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

A few minutes later, Avery entered. He looked at me questioningly. “I’m all good,” I said. He walked over to where I was sitting. He lifted my shirt to get a better look at the healing wound.
“No pain?” he asked.
“Nope.”
“Do you have the bullet?”
“Trynnadon has it.”
He nodded. “Why don’t you head for the bathroom and wash the blood off.”
“Will do that,” I muttered, getting up and walking down the hall. I opened the door to the bathroom and stepped inside, closing it. I took off my bloody shirt and put it on top of the toilet seat and turned on the sink water. I pulled one of the small towels that was hanging and soaked it. I shut off the water and wiped the blood off of me, wishing for a full shower. I frowned. I needed new clothes to wear and Trynnadon was coming down the hall. He knocked on the door, and I opened it. He grinned when he saw that I was shirtless.
“Look what I found in the trunk of the car,” he said and handed the bag to me.
I opened it to find an extra set of clothes. Sweetness, I thought. “Thanks,” I said to him.
“Don’t thank me.” He gave me a piece of paper. “I also found that on top of it.”
I looked at the paper. It was a note from Jessica stating that she left extras in the trunk for us in case we needed it. “Well, I’ll have to thank her next time I see her.” I looked at him. “Looks like you don’t need to change,” I said. “How’s Tristan doing?”
Trynnadon narrowed his eyes. “He’s healed, but he’s very… hungry and extremely dangerous at the moment.” He stared at me. “What about you?” I didn’t answer him. “Judging by those black eyes of yours, I’m betting a million dollars that the answer is… you’re very hungry indeed.” I nodded slowly. He flashed his fangs at me. “Get change.” He pulled the door shut and I locked it. I quickly changed and stuffed the bloody clothes in the bag. I opened the door and went back into the living room. Adalyn was still sitting where she was earlier. She looked up when I sat down beside her.
“You okay?” I asked.
“Yep.”
“Mmm, you don’t look like it,” Trynnadon said, entering the living room, looking around suspiciously. “Let’s talk, outside, both of you.” Adalyn and I got up and followed him outside. Everybody was out there besides James. I guess he was still with Julia. He led all of us further away from the house. He stopped and turned around. He reached out and grabbed a hold of Tristan before he could disappear out of thin air. He jerked and hissed at him, but Trynnadon held on tight. “Easy there.”
“Let. Me. Go,” Tristan growled.
“Not going to have you go on a rampage here.” Tristan snarled and pushed Trynnadon away from him and he was gone. Avery took one look at Trynnadon who was on the ground, and then he was gone in a flash. Trynnadon cursed and got up. “I wonder if we could steal powers.” He sighed. “Then we can give Avery a brake.” He laughed. “Not likely,” he muttered to himself.
“So, what are we going to do about Julia?” I asked.
Trynnadon growled. “What we are going to do is nothing, for tonight at least.”
I nodded. “James staying with her?”
“For a little while longer.”
“Did someone take the gun away from her? You know, while I was seeing stars?”
“Avery did,” said Adalyn.
“Good.”
Trynnadon took the bag that I was still holding. “I’ll go and take care of this for you.”
“Um, thanks. So, what were you going to talk to us about?”
“Nothing important. Just had to get out of that house before shit hits the fan.”
“Oh, got ya. Why didn’t you say so?”
“Didn’t want Tristan to hear.”
“Oh. Tristan,” I muttered. Trynnadon gave me a warning look. “Not going to say anything, not going to say anything,” I said to him.
“Well, I’m off to hunt, anybody want to tag along?” he asked.
“I am,” I said. The others nodded in agreement.
He chuckled. He scanned the night for signs of life. “None out here,” he said. “Unless you want to sneak in and feed off a sleeping victim?” I rolled my eyes at him. “Just a suggestion,” he said and walked off. I gave one last look to the others before making my way down the street.
I headed toward the alley where some homeless or drunks usually hang out. I sniffed the air, and yep, somebody was hanging out here. I walked toward the scent of the human. He looked up as I got closer to him. He pulled out a knife and was gripping it tight beside him. I felt the fear coming from him like waves. He backed away from me, his eyes fixed on me. I sent out a sharp command and the knife flew out of his hand, and I caught it. Pocketing the knife, I went closer to him. I caught his eye and held it. “What is your name?” I asked.
“Adrian, my name is Adrian.”
“Pleasure to meet you,” I said sweetly. I reached out and grabbed him, pulling him to me. He tried to pull away, but it was no use.
“What the fuck are you doing?” he spat at me. I didn’t answer. I bent down and nuzzled his neck, inhaling the surprisingly clean blood. He stiffened. “What the hell are you doing?” To answer his question, I let my fangs grazed his neck. He gasped and struggled more violently. I tightened my hold on him and pierced the skin. I growled as the warm sweetness filled my mouth. A minute or so later, I finally withdrew my fangs, licking at the bite wound. I let him go and he slid to the ground, looking dazed.
“You never met anybody out here. You decided to go home to get some sleep,” I said to him. He nodded slowly and clumsily got up, and I watched him go.
“Sweet comes with a price tag,” someone whispered behind me.
“Does it now? I never knew,” I said, not bothering to check who was behind me.
“Now you do.”
“Huh.” I turned around. “Oh hey, it’s you. I should’ve known, only someone like you would say such a thing.”
Tristan smiled, the tip of his fangs showing. “I find you… very amusing.”
“Why is that? Is it because I have no awesome abilities like everyone else?”
“Yes, don’t you ever wonder why that is?” I actually did wonder. It probably had something to do with my malfunction brain cells for all I knew. He narrowed his eyes on me. Oh shit, I kept forgetting about his powerful mindreading. “I’m definitely a hundred percent correct when I say this.” I stiffened, preparing for his next words to hit me like a freight train. He chuckled. “Relax, I was going to say that if you’re brain were in fact malfunctioning? Eric and Trynnadon wouldn’t have let you in the NSC. Would they now?” Damn it, he was right. He smiled. “Trynnadon feels something in you, something that doesn’t want to come out and play.” He laid his hand on my shoulder. “In fact, he is right on that. There is something within you.”
“Okay, you are starting to scare me here,” I said. “How am I, exactly going to tell my powers to come out and play?” He smiled coldly. I probed his shield to get an advance warning. Yep, can’t even bend it. He finally removed his hand from my shoulder, his eyes darkening. I gulped. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have…“
“I’ll let that pass.” I sighed in relief. “You guys are really afraid of me,” he said, amused. “Though… I don’t blame you.” He gave me a questioning look. “What did you hear about me, about my reputation?”
I stared at him. “What?”
“Just curious,” he said slowly. I staggered back as images and memories came to me. Memories I now realized I couldn’t remember ever having. I couldn’t break eye contact with him. “Tell me.”
I gasped, my brain feeling fuzzy. “You’re the Council,” I choked out. You wiped my memory when I got close to figuring it out.
He smiled, and it wasn’t a friendly one. “I did, and I’ll do it again.” My vision suddenly went blurry. I struggled uselessly against the compulsion. “Tell me what you heard about me. I’m quite curious.”
I blinked, shaking my head. “Well, I heard that you burn vampires for fun?” I shifted nervously. “I heard that you also kill vampires all over the states.” I backed away from him, mentally rubbing myself as the tingly sensation and the danger alert shot up to the max. I gasped at the strong current flowing through me. It slowly, very slowly went away.
“Thanks for telling me,” he said with a hint of growl behind it. I nodded rapidly. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. My vision once again went blurry. “You will not remember what we were just talking about.” I nodded and blinked. “Now let’s go,” he said and walked off. My skin crawled as I followed after him. Talk about run for your life or die where you stand. I mentally kicked myself. Get a grip, girl. Tristan gaze flickered to me. Damn him, damn him. Not a second later, everything went calm. Ugh, I so could’ve calm myself down, stupid me. I was so not myself right now. Tristan’s Cell went off. He took the phone out and flipped it open. He listened to whatever was on the other end of the line and then flipped it shut without saying a word. Was that how he always answer and end his calls? He stopped and turned to me. I nearly ran into him. He chuckled at the look on my face. “I was told to go straight home, because they’re not there anymore. Your choice, walk all the way or I could teleport, which will it be?”
“Teleport is faster,” I said. He took my hand in his and everything faded to black. A moment later, it lifted. We were standing at the front door. He let go of my hand and we waited for the door to open to let us in. “Can I teleport too?” I asked out of nowhere.
“I don’t know,” he said.
“By the way, you never answered my question back there.”
“Which is…?”
“How am I going to let my powers out?”
He stared at me. “I’m going to force it out of you.”
I shivered. “Oh, wonderful.”
He laughed darkly. “You’re going to hate me even more.”
“Oh, holy shit of mother nature.”The door finally opened of its own accord. Tristan and I stepped inside. “The hell took you guys so long to open the fucking door?” I called out.
“Thought you were going to bust the door down yourself,” Kara answered. She walked over to us. “Trynnadon said that you are done for the night,” she said to me. She looked at Tristan with fear clearly written on her face. “He says that you can do whatever you want, because you’re not a member, and since you’re not, he can’t tell you what to do, and he says you wouldn’t listen to him anyways.”
“Where is he?” I asked.
“With Kallie and Jessica, they went to get some things.”
“Things?” Tristan asked.
“I don’t know what they’re getting.” I went into the living room and sat down on the couch. Tristan, still covered in blood from earlier event went to clean himself up. Kara came over and sat down beside me. “So uh, fun night?” she asked me.
“Not really, but an interesting one indeed,” I answered. “What about you?”
“Car pile-up.”
“Oh really?”
“I had to take the long way to get back here. It was torturous.”
“I’ll give you torture,” Tristan called from the bathroom. “Then you’ll know the difference.”
“Ignore him,” I said.
“That wouldn’t be wise.”
“Oh, just shut up and get out of there so I can wash up too,” I muttered and heard a loud sound from the bathroom.
“That was nothing, it’s nothing, don’t worry about it,” Tristan said, sounding very annoyed.
“Did you knock something over?” I asked.
“Maybe.”
Kara snickered. “I didn’t think someone like you can knock things over,” she said sarcastically.
“Shocking isn’t it?” he asked.
“Sure is.”
“Okay, I’m done talking. I can’t carry a conversation for a long amount of time so you two carry on.”
Kara was still snickering when the water came on a few seconds later. “Sorry, had a little too much sugar.”
“Yeah, I can tell,” I said, licking my lips. “Your blood smells delicious. I’m surprised Tristan hadn’t jumped you yet.”
She scooted away from me. “I’m surprise you’re not going to bite me.”
“How do you know? I could change my mind, you know.”
“I’ll only be a willing donor in an emergency situation.”
“Who wouldn’t be?” I got up and walked toward the door. A car was pulling up. Kara slipped off the couch and followed.
“Is it Tryn and the others?”
“No, where is Eric and them?”
“Eric, Avery, and Callan are out somewhere, James is still with Julia, and Adalyn is on patrol or stakeout or whatever you guys call it.”
I nodded. “Go back in the living room.”
She nodded. “Should I hit the alarm?”
“No, I think Tristan and I can handle it.” I stiffened. “Um, actually, go to your room and lock the door.” She stared at me, confused. “Vampires and none of them is one of us.” She gasped and ran toward the hallway. I took a few steps away from the door. Six vampires were outside. Oh, hell. This night would never be over. I frowned. They weren’t getting out of the car. I sighed and broke through their shields with some effort. They were here to take out one of us. I hissed, that would never happen, not in a million years. I felt cold air behind me. I meant to turn around, but hard hands held me in place. Okay, it was only Tristan. “Let’s wait and see what they’ll do,” I said. I got no answer for a response, no surprise there. I went back to the living room and out of sight of the front door. Tristan came in a few seconds later, standing just out of view. I sent a sharp command at the door, and it flew open. Seconds ticked by, then minutes, and then I heard them exiting the car. They slowly walked up the driveway and stopped at the door, one of them sniffed the air.
“Come out, come out, we know you’re there,” one of them said. “Maybe, we can take out your human first, sounds good?”
“Yes, it does sound good,” I snarled. I jumped out and met him midflight, knocking him down to the floor. The others rushed in, fast and deadly. My hands tightened around his throat while my head slowly started to hurt. I gritted my teeth fighting the pain. He pushed me off and swiftly got to his feet. I was lifted off the floor and thrown across the living room. I hit the window and glass went flying. I rotated in midair. I so did not want to fall out the window at the moment. I landed on all fours in a million tiny shards of broken glass. I growled and grabbed the biggest glass off the floor and hurled it, hoping it would hit one of them, it did. He cried out and tried to pull the huge glass out, but Tristan knocked his hand aside and slammed it in further, decapitating him. “Stop!” I shouted. “Or you lose another!” I looked toward Tristan who was about to rip another one to pieces. They didn’t listen to a word I said, but when Tristan hit one of them with a barrage of mental assaults, they all froze. “Good,” I said. I got up and dust all the little shards of glass off of me. I glared at them all. “Why the fuck are you here?” No answer. “To take out one of us?” I asked. “Because if that’s the case… let me make one thing very loud and clear. You. Are. Playing. With. Fire. Trust me, when I say that.” I walked over to stand beside Tristan. He was cursing under his breath. He narrowed his eyes at me.
“Deep breath, Donnica, deep breath,” he said to me. I was feeling hot, very hot. I frowned and did just that, took a nice deep breath in and out. The tension that I was feeling slowly eased up. “Very good.” He gestured toward the five vampires who were watching us curiously.
“So, who sent you?” I asked.
“Does it matter?” one of them asked.
I smiled. “Would I be asking if it didn’t?”
He glared at me. “We’re not telling you anything.”
“Have it your way then.” Kara stepped into view behind the unsuspecting vampires. She had a huge knife in her hand. What the hell? When did she snuck out of the room and went for the knife? Turning blue in the face, she slowly crept up behind one of them. She drove the knife deep into the back of the neck of the nearest one to her. He spun around and knocked her to the floor. She had a death grip on the knife and wasn’t going to let go of the handle no matter the cost. She was screaming and spitting blood. I darted forward and lift him off her. The knife slid from his neck. “Get out,” I said to her. She clambered to her feet and threw the knife in a deadly arc which would’ve hit Tristan, if he didn’t duck just in time, but it also gave a second opening for one of the vampire to bury his fangs in his arm. Kara screamed and gave Tristan an apologetic look and sprinted outside, slamming the door hard enough that the whole house shook. “Tristan, take them all out,” I said and decapitated the one I was still holding with the knife I took from the alleyway. I was so not doing it the bare handed style way. I watched as Tristan ripped his arm away and threw the vampire across the room. He was on him before he could even get up.
“Game over,” he growled.
I swiftly spun around as another one came at me from behind. I knocked him to the floor and put the tip of the knife to his heart. “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t cut your fucking heart out,” I snarled.
“Fuck you,” he hissed.
“Okay.” I stabbed him between his ribs, and he gave out a piercing scream. “Got a reason yet?” I asked sweetly. Before he could say a word, the door flew open with the force of a bomb going off. It flew off one of its hinges. James, Adalyn, Avery, Eric, Trynnadon, and Callan stormed in and all hell broke loose. Tristan gave me a murderous look that clearly stated if I didn’t kill him in a second, he was going to take over. “Mine,” I hissed and stabbed the blade toward his heart and removing it. “You’ll pay for this,” were the last words he gasped out before going limp and lifeless. I threw the heart into the trash can with the utter most disgust. It was over. Heavy eerie silence filled the air. “Kara called you?” I asked.
“I did,” she said from behind me, her voice shaking badly. “Where’s Jessica and Kallie?” she gasped.
“Outside,” Trynnadon hissed. She nodded and ran back outside. He turned to me and Tristan. “What the fuck is going on?” he growled.
“Why don’t you ask one of them lying dead on the floor?” Tristan growled. Violent cold wind blew through the house, shattering windows. I hit the floor as glass went flying in all direction. I could hear Kara, Jessica, and Kallie screaming outside. They better not come in here. “Fuck,” he hissed.
“Tell me!” Trynnadon snarled.
“If you can gather yourself, I will,” Tristan said in a gentle tone. I was about ready to run out of this house. “Stay,” Tristan hissed. Damn it, I sighed and stay put. He walked over to Trynnadon. The wind was still blowing, but much calmer than before. “Take a deep breath,” he whispered. “Gather your energy a little at a time. Relax and concentrate on your breathing.” I watched as Trynnadon followed Tristan’s advice, more like a demand actually. It took a few long minutes for him and the wind to finally stop. “Good work,” Tristan said, still whispering.
“Fuck my life,” Trynnadon muttered, and he leaned against the wall. “What’s the story?” he growled.
“Six vampires pulled up here to kill one of us,” I said. I again felt the cold air.
“Easy,” Tristan quickly said. Trynnadon took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“They were sent here by someone,” I continued. “And… I have been trying to get them to reveal who ordered them to come here.”
“Did they say?” Trynnadon asked.
“Nope,” I growled.
He kicked the trashcan. “Somebody take this out. I don’t want any fucking heart up in here.” He looked around the ruined living room. “And we need to clean this shit up,” he muttered.
“I’m on it,” said Adalyn.
“Us too,” said Kara.
Trynnadon cursed. “You girls don’t have to.”
“We know.”
Tristan let out a long string of profanities. “You’re something,” he muttered.
“Gotta hand it to them,” I said. “We got the best humans around.”
“True,” they all said one after another.
Tristan walked over to Kara and patted her on the back. “Get on with it. Don’t let Adalyn do all the work.”
She stood there for a few seconds, clearly in shock. Hell, the whole room was staring at him. “Um, I’m on it,” she said and all three girls went over to Adalyn.
“What are you all looking at?”
“Nothing,” I said and hid my face from him.
“Holy shit, where’s my brother?” Avery asked sarcastically. Tristan glared at him. “Oh, I thought I lost you for a sec there, or was that all just a dream?”
“Just your imagination, brother.”
“Ah, I see… Well, I’m helping out Adalyn and the girls, need anything just yell.”
I burst out laughing. I got painfully up off the floor and walked to Tristan and punched him hard. “I never thought I see that side of you.”
He grinned evilly. “It was just one of those out of the blue moon thing so don’t get too jittery over it.”
“Oh I’m not. It’s just good to know you have a soft side to you.”
“Good to hear, good to hear.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

I stared at Tristan for another few seconds. He rolled his eyes at me. “Go feed,” I said to him.
“I don’t know if I should listen to you, or I should just stay here and don’t feed.”
I shivered. “I choose the first one.”
He smiled coldly. “Very well.” He turned for the door. “Need me call me.”
“Oh, we will, you’re all we have.” Tristan made a disgusted sound and stalked out.
I however turned around and headed for the bathroom. Oh good, the mirrors in here weren’t shattered… yet. I grimaced at myself in the mirror over the sink, I was covered in blood and a few shards of glass clung to my hair. I ran my fingers through it, dislodging the little fragments. Once I was satisfied that there was no more glass in my hair, I quickly jumped in the shower. It wasn’t long before I heard a knock on the door. I cursed at whoever it was and ignored it. I finally opened the door, once I was all cleaned up and dressed, that is. I stepped out and searched for the culprit. There were still a bunch of blood and glasses everywhere, but the bodies were taken away. I locked eyes with Trynnadon who was standing across the room. He beckoned me over. When I was beside him, he handed me a bloodstained folded piece of paper. I took it from him and glanced at it. It read, ‘Two are taken, more to follow. I glared at the paper and looked up at Trynnadon. “A warning?” I asked.
He nodded. “Gonna hit a lead that Tristan texted me a few minutes ago.”
“Where?”
“At a small restaurant not far from here.”
“I’m guessing you want me along for the ride,” I muttered. “I’ll go and wait outside.” I looked at his bloody appearance. “Unless, you are coming without cleaning up first?” He eyed me hungrily. “Just saying.” I walked outside and leaned against the side of the house and stared up at the sky, my mind wandering.

PEYTON

“Damn it,” I grumbled in the stillness of the room. I was weak, hungry, and colder than ever. I opened my eyes and looked at myself. I was still chained up. I groaned. I so wanted to get out of here. I heard what sounded like chains dragging across the floor. I looked over to the sound and nearly gasped out loud. “Christian,” I squeaked. He was staring at me, clearly as shocked as I was. I heard the lock gave way, Christian’s eyes widen in fear. The door creaked opened and another hooded figure stepped into the room, but something was different about this one. I don’t know how I knew, but I just sense no danger from this person.
“Good morning Peyton,” she said sweetly. I squeaked again and didn’t say anything. She laughed and closed the door. She came over to me. “I’m going to release you and don’t you try to escape.” She waited for me to answer. I nodded my head. I was completely confused. She pulled out a set of keys and started to unlock my chains, I stiffened. I looked over to Christian. He was staring at the hooded figure with a questioning look on his face. The chains were finally off, and I breathed a sigh of relief. I knew it was temporary, but it was better than not getting out at all. I didn’t try to move yet. “Your brother is deaf, am I correct?” I nodded. She went over to Christian and started signing. She was telling him the same thing she said to me.
“Um, who are you?” I asked softly.
“That’s nothing important right now.” After Christian was free of the chains, he crawled over to me. I frowned, his neck was swollen. “I can’t heal him or you. It’ll look suspicious.”
I gulped. “Are you…” I hesitated. “Are you a vampire?”
“Yes, I am.” She stood up and walked to the door, opening it, she pulled a cart in, which had food on it. “You are going to eat quickly.” She said this while signing to my brother. She grabbed two sandwiches and handed one to me along with water.
“Thanks,” I whispered. She nodded. I bit into the sandwich. It was ham and cheese with lettuce and mayo. I sighed. I haven’t had any food, probably for days, judging by the fact I was wolfing the sandwich down as fast as I could. I think I finished it in ten seconds, felt like it at least. She pointed to the bottle that I put down before killing the sandwich. I picked it up and drained it. She took the bottle and the wrapper from my hands. “Thanks,” I said to her a second time.
She nodded. “Whatever happens, keep your thoughts to yourself.”
I nodded. “I've been doing that ever since they answered me when I didn’t ask it out loud.”
She walked over and signed everything she told me to my brother. She took his garbage from him and walked to the chains. I stiffened as she came over to me and chained me up again. I groaned. She did the same to Christian. “Good luck,” she said before the cart and her left the cold ass room.

DONNICA

The restaurant was small, and it was crowded. Tristan stepped out of the shadows and joined us. We all walked up the short walkway to the door. I opened it and entered the dimly lit restaurant. Trynnadon and Tristan came in more slowly. Act casual, I told myself as the waitress came over to us. “How many?” She asked.
“Three,” I said to her. I noticed that Tristan was eyeing her neck. That fucker, he didn’t even feed, not surprising. I elbowed him and Trynnadon. “Act like humans, you fucknuts,” I hissed.
“Okay, you prefer booth or is regular table fine?”
“Whatever is available is fine.”
She nodded. “Follow me.” She led us to the back of the restaurant toward a booth. “I’ll be with you shortly.” Tristan, Trynnadon, and I slid into the booth. I grabbed the menus and passed it out to the other two. I scanned the restaurant, checking out the décor. It was black on red, gothic much? There were wallpapers with flowers, white, red, pink, and so on. The checkered tile floor was kind of cool actually. Other than that, the tables and chairs were black with red table cloth. I looked at my menu and picked out whatever looked good.
“I’m getting whatever you’re getting,” said Trynnadon.
“What if I pick something gross?”
He made a disgusted face. “Everything on here looks good.”
I nudged Tristan. “Same for you?” I asked. He nodded stiffly. Hell, I didn’t think he could open his mouth to say a single word without sinking his fangs into someone’s throat and draining them dry, doesn’t matter if we were in public or not. “All right then.” I wasn’t going to get anything big anyways, what a waste of food that would be. The waitress came over and I told her my order which was a barbecue burger and fries with a coke.
“Anything else?” she asked.
I smiled at her, hiding my fangs. “That is all, thank you.” She took the menus and went to serve other customers. A few minutes later, she came back out with the food and set it down along with our drinks, and left quickly. I took a bite of the burger and sip slowly at my coke. From under the table, Trynnadon kicked me. “What?” He pointed toward the door where a human we knew a little too well walked in. I smiled. “What is he doing here?” I watched as he walked up to a family of three and engage in a conversation with them.
“Hmm, what you think?” Trynnadon asked. In my peripheral vision, Tristan turned and fixed his gaze on the human, and he was smiling wickedly. Trynnadon shot him a warning look which earned him a murderous glare. “Take it easy.”Tristan ignored him like always.
“I think the little girl is the target,” I said. Trynnadon nodded. He put a fifty on the table and got up, Tristan and I followed. We walked over to the family, stopping a few feet away. The whole restaurant was eyeing us warily. “Should we—” I didn’t even finish my sentence before Tristan had all three of them under.
“No one came up to you and started a friendly conversation,” he whispered in an eerie tone which made my skin crawled and the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. He glanced at the table. They were about ready to leave. “You are done eating and now you are leaving.” All three nodded and pushed away from the table and got up. Tristan eyes didn’t leave them until they were out the door. He shifted his focus to the suspected human. “I didn’t think we would meet again. What part of my threat did you not understand?” Aubrey whimpered. He was sweating bullets. “Out. Side,” he said very slowly which made his tone even scarier and left no room for protest. Aubrey was quick to take the hint. He followed us outside and once we were out, he started rambling.
“We’re not interested in what you have to say,” I said just as more people started to come out of the restaurant. “Now start walking.” We had to get out of the public eye before more people became suspicious. Tristan led us to our rental car and I pushed Aubrey into the back, and I got in beside him. “My, my, you don’t take things seriously do you?” I asked.
“What the hell did I do wrong?”
“A lot of things and luring another innocent child is one of several things.”
“I wasn’t luring anyone.”
“Really, because my tipoff says otherwise. Now, if you don’t mind, keep quiet.” He was silent the whole ride back. I thought he was gonna keep talking, but I guess an evil look from Tristan would shut anyone up any day.
“Get in,” Trynnadon growled a few minutes later. Aubrey froze when he saw the bloody mess inside. He stumbled in and nearly fell on the slick floor. “Good of you to join us again.”
“Oh, look who we have here,” Avery drawled. His eyes flickered to Tristan. “You haven’t fed yet?”
Tristan glared at him. “Does it look like it?” Avery shrugged and went back to talking to Adalyn. I grabbed a hold of Aubrey and dragged him to the basement door. I opened it and went downstairs with him. I was about to say something when Tristan pulled Aubrey away from me.
“Tristan, wait—”
“I stick to my word,” he growled. “And I already know why he’s doing all this.” He pinned Aubrey against the wall and leaned in close. “I’m not getting any info that I want,” he whispered. Aubrey eyes were practically popping out of its sockets. “Tell me where Peyton and Christian is.”
“I—” Before he could say another word, Tristan buried his fangs in his neck. Aubrey gave a bloodcurdling scream. With a huge effort, Tristan withdrew his fangs, and Trynnadon and I got a first look at his so call lethal venom that was more powerful than any of us. Aubrey was still screaming and clearly still in pain.
“Where are Peyton and Christian?” he asked again, panting heavily. I finally looked over at Trynnadon. He was ready to rip Tristan from Aubrey and finish the job, but he knew he wouldn’t get far. “Where. Are. They?”
“1386 Atheon Street,” Aubrey said, still screaming his head off. With a sharp command, I silenced him.
“Is he telling the truth?” I asked. His thoughts were scattered so I couldn’t get the hint if he was lying or not. Tears were running down his cheeks. Tristan had blasted his mind wide open, and that mind blast pain along with the pain of Tristan’s bite was beyond agony, and Aubrey looked on the verge of passing out. Tristan struck once more and this time he didn’t stop drinking. Aubrey was out long before Tristan was finished with him. “Holy shit,” I breathed. “You are something.”
“I take that as a complement,” he said roughly. He turned to face me and Trynnadon. He was still hungry no question about it. “I’m never satiated,” he said to me. “I’m not like you.”
I frowned. “What do you mean by that?”
He sighed. “I’m Tristan Tronis.” Trynnadon and I both gasped. The Tronis bloodline was the most powerful bloodline, the ruler of all vampires, and was one that all vampires feared to an extent or another. I had no clue how many members were in that bloodline. It was also one nobody ever talked about.
“You’re fucking kidding me,” I said breathlessly. Tristan glared at both of us. “Is that what you don’t want us to find out?” I asked. He shook his head and his eyes glazed over, but he snapped back to reality just as quick.
“Does Adalyn know?” Trynnadon asked. “That you are the most dangerous vampire in the history?”
Tristan smiled coldly. “She does.”
“And she’s okay with that?” I asked.
“Yes, she is.” I spun around. Avery was standing in the doorway.
“Would you stop doing that?” I spluttered.
“So tell me, does all the Tronis have the same powers as you do?” Trynnadon asked.
He nodded. “To a certain degree.”
“Which means…?”
“The oldest have the strongest and more powers than per say the younger of the bloodline.”
“I’m assuming you are the oldest?” I asked.
He nodded and looked at Avery. “He complains about it nonstop.”
“I do not,” said Avery.
“Whatever you say, brother.”
“So,” I said, hesitating.
“This talk is over,” Tristan said sharply.
“But—”
He growled. “I don’t like repeating myself.” Trynnadon touched my shoulder in a warning. I sighed.
“Fine.” Avery walked passed me and picked up Aubrey’s drained body and left the basement. “So, are we going to head to Atheon?” I asked.
Tristan nodded. “I’m pondering if we should tell Julie first or not.”
I growled, remembering the whole gun incident. “If we tell her she’s gonna want to come with us.”
He growled. “True.” He licked his lower lip. “I’m out. Do call me when we’re leaving.” He swiftly went passed me and was gone in a flash.
I turned to Trynnadon. “How’s it going?” I asked sarcastically.
He stared at me. “Never been better in my life.”
“Oh really?”
“I just learned that we have a couple of the most dangerous and powerful vampires on our side, and I don’t know how to feel about it.”
“Same here.”
He laughed. “Oh, what a wonderful morning.”
“Indeed it is.”
Trynnadon and I headed upstairs a few minutes later, or rather until the shock wore off. I looked around. Most of the blood was gone, only a few spots here and there. Kara, Jessica, and Kallie were freezing in the freezing air that was coming through every single window that was broken. After the numbness of the event, the cold finally caught up to them. They were shaking uncontrollably. I frowned. “How’s it coming along?” I asked.
“Almost finished,” said Jessica, her voice shaking from the cold.
“I’ll finish up here,” said Adalyn, walking toward them. “You can go somewhere and warm up.” All three got up and ran into the hall, and I heard the door slamming. “So,” she said to me. “I guess you know a little about Tristan and Avery?”
I nodded. “You know, and you didn’t tell us.”
She smiled. “I’m not supposed to. They like to stay hidden and remain a mystery.”
“I kind of figured that out for myself,” I muttered.
“Besides, if I told you, Tristan would have my head.” She shivered at the thought. “And I prefer that he didn’t.”
I nodded. “No harm done. You were just doing what you were told.”
“I also heard you got a lead on where they are.”
I nodded. “He gave up the address, and I’m hoping that they’re there.”
“Don’t you just love Tristan?”
I blushed and quickly looked away. “Um… sure.”
She laughed. “So, you actually do like him.” She laughed harder. “Oh man.” She punched me lightly. “Does he know?”
“Er… I don’t think so.”
“What’s the big exciting news?” Trynnadon asked, stepping into the living room.
“Nothing,” Adalyn and I said in unison. I quickly composed myself. “Nothing exciting,” I said again.
Trynnadon smiled. ”You sure?”
“Yes, and don’t you go into my mind and rummage through my head.”
“Now you have me more interested.”
I groaned. “Go away. This is girl’s talk only.”
“I’ll find out eventually,” he muttered and left.
I sighed in relief. “Boys.”
Adalyn chuckled. “So when did you start liking him?”
I thought about that. When did I start liking him? I actually had no idea. “No clue.”
“Hmm, interesting.”
“Um, don’t tell anyone,” I said to her, giving her a warning look.
“Okay okay, I wasn’t going to anyways.”
“You coming along for the rescue mission?” I asked to change the subject.
“Of course I am, wouldn’t want to miss the fun now would I?”
“All eight of us should go,” I said. “Because I have the feeling that shit’s gonna go down once we arrive at the location.”
“How about eleven?” I was about to tell her off, but she cut me off. “Think about it, once we get the kids out, we need someone to look after them while we destroy the place.” Damn it, she was right about that. If we get the kids out while in the middle of something, somebody had to stand by and watch over them. “Am I right? I know that they’re humans, but I’m sure that Jessica and the other two would fight to the death to protect the kids.”
I nodded. “Yeah, you are.” I sighed.
She smiled. “Besides, if anything happens, we’ll be there in a flash.” She straightened up and carried the bloody bundle of rags to the kitchen. “You know something? I’m finally done cleaning up this whole damn house. We can board up the windows and have whoever owned this place fix it up.”
“Sounds fine with me. At least no one will notice that several murders took place here.”
She scoffed. “They fucking deserved it.”
“Totally.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirteen

PEYTON

Startled awake by a loud, clanging sound, I jerked against my chains. It dug deep into my wrists. I took a deep breath trying to steady my breathing and failed miserably. The door opened for the millionth times and my skin was already prickling with that sense of awareness that no good was going to come out of this situation, two figures with hood drawn over their faces came in, one coming directly at me. He pulled me up roughly, the chains digging further into my skin. I gritted my teeth, keeping the screams to myself. I so did not want another bruise added to my already bruised body. I did noticed however that keeping quiet was doing me good for the time being. I turned to look at my brother, but the one holding me grabbed a fistful of my hair and jerked my head around. I whimpered in pain, and he smacked me upside the head. Stars danced across my vision. I struggled to keep myself conscious, no way was I going to lose this fight, not yet. I heard the chains falling to the floor. I wasn’t going to try to escape. They led me and my brother out of the room, or a cell for that matter, since there was nothing but dusts and who knew what else? My vision slowly cleared and I could make out several doors on each side of the hall, and a stairway that led up to the next level. We went up the stairs and into another room which was a lot smaller than the previous one. I was thrown to the floor, and then I was shackled and cuffed. I felt like a prisoner. I sighed, wondering if anyone was even looking for me. I heard the door closed, and I let out another sigh of relief. I closed my eyes, and sleep slowly came over me.

DONNICA

An hour later, we found ourselves several yards from the location that Tristan extracted from the human just hours ago. We were armed and ready to get some heads rolling. Jessica, Kallie, and Kara were understandably nervous about the parts they were going to play in all this. They couldn’t stop glancing around for any signs of danger. “Cameras out front,” James whispered, coming around to join us. “I think they got motion sensors as well.”
“Nobody patrolling?” I asked.
“Nope, all is clear.”
“Brainless motherfuckers,” Tristan muttered. “Brainless I tell you.” He sniffed the air. Both he and Avery frowned. “What the hell?”
“Splitting up?” I asked. “Four at the back and four at the front, or do you want two on all sides?”
“James?” Tristan was eyeing him expectantly.
“Let’s do four at the front and four at the back.”
I nodded. “Okay, who’s on whose team?”
“James, you go with Avery, Callan, and Eric,” said Trynnadon. “Take the back.”
I groaned. “Stuck with Tristan again,” I muttered.
Tristan gave me a sidelong look. “You have a problem with me?”
“No, no, no problem at all,” I stammered. He rolled his eyes and didn’t say anything. “So.” I sniffed the air and caught the scent of humans. “They’re here, I think.”
Tristan inhaled the air and winced. “Let’s go,” he growled. He gestured to Trynnadon in which he hit a combination on his radio and buzzed everyone else. It was the signal to move in. “Time to spill,” he hissed.
I flashed to the door and bust it down. We were in just as the alarm went off, and just as quick, we were surrounded. I went for the nearest one and took her down with a swift slash to the neck. She didn’t even see me coming. The second one I went for had an advance warning. There were no negotiation only blood and body parts. I wasn’t paying attention to what the others were doing. I was just concentrating on taking down as many as I could in a short amount of time. One of them grabbed a hold of my knife and we fought one handed as we struggled for the weapon. Another one came at me from the side and kicked me across the room. Fuck, I was now one weapon short. I got up and launched myself on the one who had kicked me. Drawing another knife, I swiftly dragged it across his throat. When I was finished with that one, I went over to help Adalyn. She was taking on two at the same time. I socked one of them on the head and he staggered backward into Avery’s waiting arms. “Thanks,” she breathed. I gave her a quick smile before turning around and stabbed another one in the stomach. She screamed and I dodged her next blow. “Didn’t expect this many,” Adalyn muttered.
I nodded. “Same here.”
“You’ll never get them,” the one I was still dodging spat at me.
“Oh, we’ll see about that,” I spat back, catching her in her side with the knife. In a flash, Trynnadon was behind her, driving a large deadly looking knife through her back. I leapt away as it came out the other side. I watched as she contorted in agony. She gasped and hissed and snarled in pain. He pulled the knife out, and she dropped to the floor, writhing. I looked around. There were no more coming at us. I turned my attention back to Trynnadon and his kill. He swung the knife downward and buried it deep in her neck, decapitating her. “You stole my kill, thanks.”
He grunted. “You’re welcome” We left the carnage and went to look for the others. We found James finishing off another one by the door that led downstairs.
“I checked down there, it’s clear,” said James.
I nodded. “They’re up here somewhere.”
“They. Are,” Trynnadon hissed.
“Lead the way.”

PEYTON

I was holding my breath as the screams and the sound of fighting came closer and closer. It was now quiet, eerily quiet. I didn’t make a sound or move as the silence stretched on. I felt a tingling sensation, someone was behind the door. The lock gave way and the door slowly opened. I blinked as several vampires stood in the doorway. At least these didn’t have their face covered, and they were all staring at me and Christian. I frowned as a memory from long ago flashed into my mind. I think I recognized one of them, and that one sent chills down my spine. I shivered, snapping back to focus. I quickly did a headcount. There were eight of them. “Here to kill me?” I asked. I meant for it to be strong, but it came out as a raspy whisper. I wished that one vampire would stop staring at me so intently.
“Killing you isn’t part of the plan,” said the one that was staring at me like I was the best thing to have for breakfast, or lunch, or dinner. I had no clue what time it was. “You remember me,” he said with amusement. “I didn’t think we would meet again after all these years. I always wonder how you were doing. How unfortunate I would find you not doing so well and to find you in this situation,” he chuckled. “I knew you would turn out to be a strong willed kid.” He came over to me, breaking the cuffs and the shackles as easy as breaking sticks. He took my hand and pulled me up. I had no strength left to stand on my own so I leaned against him, even with that danger alert clouding every single nerve in my body. He put his arms around me and held me up. I looked over to find my brother being released as well. He touched one of the bruises on my neck. I flinched at the contact. Where on earth did I remember him from? I dug through my brain, but couldn’t come up with anything. “You were only a cute little baby when we met,” he whispered. “Precious thing you were.”
“Come on,” said another one. “Let’s get them out of here.”
He picked me up and carried me out of that cell. “Close your eyes, but don’t go to sleep,” he said in a tight voice. I did, and I didn’t open my eyes until I felt the cold wind against my face. I took a huge gulp of air and greatly welcomed the freshness of it.
“Holy… hell,” someone gasped. There were three of them outside. They were humans, I think, and they were all staring at me and Christian, stunned. I must’ve look that horrible to get that reaction from them. One of them opened the door and the one carrying me gently put me in the back of the car. He slid in beside me and shut the door. I watched as the rest flew into the sky or ran off. “Right, we’re off,” she said, and she slammed down on the pedal. The one sitting next to me put his hand on my chest, stopping me from going forward.
“Who are you?” I asked hoarsely.
“I’m Jessica,” said the one that was driving.
“I’m Kallie,” said the one beside her.
“I’m Kara,” the one to my left said. I waited for the one to my right to tell me his name, if he’s going to, that is. “That’s Tristan,” said Kara.
“Where’s my brother?” I asked.
“He’s going to be fine,” Tristan reassured me. He touched another one of my bruise on my arm. I winced as one of my cuts broke open due to the cold. Blood slowly, very slowly oozed out. “Fuck,” he hissed. I clumsily moved my arm from under his hand.
“Don’t bite me,” I said, my voice shaking a little from the fear. His eyes lingered on the blood. My hands were red and I was shaking from the cold, the heat in the car wasn’t helping much. “Why do I remember you from somewhere? What happen?”
“You were in a car accident,” he said through gritted teeth. “You were a year old. I was there when it happened.”
“Thank you. Thank you for today too.”
“You’re welcome, Peyton.” With a lot of effort, Tristan tore his eyes away from my blood and stared out the window, panting heavily. “Turn right, here,” he said, his voice straining from the effort of not biting me. Jessica turned right and headed toward a small house with a green roof, the garage was opened, and the rest were already there waiting for us. Tristan was out of the car the moment it stopped moving. “Take her inside,” he said to Kara and swiftly went to the others who were also staring at me.
“Come on, can you move yet?” she asked me.
I tried to move, but I couldn’t. I was num all over. I shook my head. “No.”
She smiled. “No worries.” She gently put her arms around me and carried me out of the car. I was shaking uncontrollably. “Sorry, we’ll be inside in a second.” Jessica and Kallie got out and followed Kara inside. “Um… where to?” she asked the other two. Kallie closed the door and looked around.
“Um, no idea.” I felt the cold air rushed in and I shook violently. She gasped. I looked behind her to see who came in. One of the vampires had his hand on her shoulder. He gave a gentle shove to get her moving. He led all of us down the hall and into a small room on the right.
“Put her down,” he growled. She put me on the bed and stepped away. The vampire sat himself down at the end of the bed and looked me over. He reached beside him and pulled out a thick blanket from somewhere. He spread the blanket over me and I snuggled into it. I stared at him, wondering what he was going to do next. I shivered when I saw that pitch black eyes on me. Clearly, he wanted to sink those fangs in me and drained me dry. “Are you in pain?” he asked.
I couldn’t feel a thing at the moment. “Not really,” I said in a small voice.
“How do you feel at the moment?”
“Very sleepy,” I whispered.
“Well, don’t go to sleep, not yet.” He came closer to me and leaned over. He lifted the blanket up slightly and gently lifted my arm so it rested on top of the blanket. I flinched at his cool hand. He trailed his fingers over the bruises. I flinched as he poked one of them. “Sorry.”
“It’s okay.” I winced as the cold wore off and a burning sensation slowly crept over me.
“One of you girls go and get Tristan, and tell him to get his ass in here now,” he said to them. I looked at my arm. Damn it, I was bleeding again. I groaned and so did he.
“Where’s my brother?” I asked him.
“Next door,” he said in a tight voice. “He will be fine. You just worry about yourself right now.” I waited as Jessica went to find Tristan. I painfully put my arm back under the blanket. The pain was a bitch. “Oh, you have no idea how much I want to bite you right now,” he growled and muttered something that I couldn’t hear. “I’m Tryn, sorry I haven’t introduced myself.” He got up and walked to the side of the bed. He looked down at me. He muttered something again and rubbed his eyes. “Breathe,” he said as my breathing grew faster.
“What is Tristan going to do to me,” I asked nervously. The door opened just then and Tristan and Jessica came in. Jessica went to stand by Kallie and Kara. Tristan came over to me. He looked at me for a long time. I shivered. He blew out a sharp breath.
“It’s nice to see you again,” he said to me. He came over to the other side of the bed. “You know, we can’t take you to the ER. Do you understand?”
“Yeah, I do.”
He looked around at all of them. “Leave,” he ordered. Tryn and the rest left the room, closing the door behind them. My fear grew as the silent stretched on and on. Tristan pulled the blanket all the way off of me. I shivered even more. He lifted my shirt up and moved me into a sitting position, pulling the torn bloody shirt off of me. He stared at my injuries and didn’t say anything as he lifted me off the bed and removed the rest of my clothes. He put me back down and looked me over. I was so embarrassed. He cleared his throat.  “I’m sorry. I have to see all your injuries.” He leaned into me. I held my breath as he sniffed and inhaled me. I frowned at him. What was he doing? I whimpered as he growled, low in his throat. “Do you know how you got all these cuts and bruises?”
“No, I don’t remember anything besides the biting part and the beating.” He cursed. “Um, what are you going to do?” I asked. He flashed his fangs at me. I whimpered and tried to move away from him. He sighed.
“Don’t fight me.”
“But.”
“Look at me, Peyton.”
“No.”
“Yes.”
“No.” I don’t know how, but I shot out of bed. I didn’t get far. Tristan was on me in a flash. “Don’t do it,” I whimpered. I tried to pull away. He carried me back to the bed and held me down. He didn’t apply any pressure on me though.
“You are not going anywhere.”
“But—”
“You’ll thank me for it,” he whispered in my ear. “Now look at me.” With effort, I finally met his eyes. “Very good.” A calm feeling washed over me and my vision sort of blurred. “You are going to do everything I say. You will not fight me. You will not scream. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“Good girl.” He ripped his wrist opened and put it to my mouth. “Drink.” I opened my mouth and started to drink. My first swallow of that sweet blood brought warmth throughout my whole body. It felt wonderful to be honest. After a minute or so, he pulled his wrist away. He chuckled. “You can’t have it all.” He lifted my chin, exposing my neck. I gulped. “You will not fight me, and you will not scream,” he reminded me. He bent his head to my neck and inhaled deeply. I felt the sharp tips of his fangs. I jerked as he sank his fangs into me. He applied a little pressure on his hold. I wanted to scream, but I couldn’t. Pain and a warm feeling spread through my body, but the pain won over the warm feeling. I tried to fight him, but I couldn’t. I was getting extremely weak. It felt like forever, but he finally withdrew his fangs. He licked at my neck. A cool feeling washed over me, and the pain was gone. My vision returned back to normal. I felt very dizzy and very sleepy. He met my eye, and my vision blurred again. “Sleep, when you wake up, you will be back to yourself.” Everything grew dark and hazy. “Sleep, Peyton.” I couldn’t fight to keep my eyes opened. “Sweet dreams,” was the last thing I heard before losing consciousness.

DONNICA

Keeping a bedside watch was the most boring thing ever, but I didn’t mind it one bit as I listen to Christian’s mind wander restlessly. We brought them to a vacated house. It was a temporary one, probably here for only a night or two. I sighed and moved closer to him. I struck my own wrist and put it to his mouth. “Drink,” I said, hoping he could read lips. Apparently he could as he opened his mouth and suckled at my wrist. I watched as his expression changed from suspicion to amazement. I pulled away and got up as the door opened and Tristan entered. He looked hungrier than ever. “Don’t,” he hissed.
“Don’t what?”
“Don’t ask if I’m okay,” he growled. “You know damn well that I can kill you right now.” He flashed over to Christian. “Fuck,” he hissed. He signed something to him. I so need to learn sign language, ugh. Christian met his eye, and Tristan had him under. He chuckled. “I don’t even know if this is going to work.” He started signing again, and Christian nodded. He laughed darkly. “It does work, nice.”
“I already gave him blood,” I said.
“Thanks.” He hissed and struck. I shivered as he growled in pleasure. With a lot of effort, he withdrew his fangs after a long minute. “Sleep,” he said as he signed. “You’ll be back to yourself and you’ll see your sister when you wake up.” I watched as Christian slowly slipped into unconsciousness. He got up in a flash and was in front of me. “I don’t get how you and Ada can handle it,” he growled. He flashed his fangs at me and shoved me up against the wall and pinned me.
“What the hell are you doing?” I gasped out.
“Just like humans, vampire blood eases my hunger for a few hours.”
“What?” I stuttered.
He growled. “You heard exactly what I said.”
“Don’t—” I gasped as his sharp fangs pierced my neck. He fed hungrily. I struggled against him, but I couldn’t even budge him an inch. Ugh, I hate being weak compare to him. I gave a small scream as the pain got worse. “Tristan,” I gasped. “Stop, please,” I begged. Fuck, he wasn’t listening to me. “Trynnadon!” I screamed. “Get your ass in here and pull Tristan off of me!” The door flew opened and Trynnadon walked in. He came up behind Tristan and had to literally pry his mouth off of me. Blood slowly slid down my neck.
“Enough,” he hissed at him. Tristan snarled and flashed from the room.
“Thanks,” I muttered.
“Anytime,” Trynnadon said as he leaned in and licked the wound closed.
“You know, I really hate being weak.”
He smiled. “You won’t be once that power of yours decides to show itself. You can use all that stuff on him, and he won’t even kill you for it.”
“He says he’s going to force it out of me. I’m so not looking forward to that anytime soon.”
He chuckled. “Nothing is easy and fun when it comes to him.”
I sighed. “Guess I’ll have to deal with it.”
He nodded. “Well, if you need anything else, just shout.”
“Sure will.” He left the room, and I went over to sit on the bed. I looked down at Christian. “You have a lovely sister,” I said to him. He rolled over and continued to sleep away. I smiled. “Nothing in life is fair, is it?” I sighed and patted his head. “Of course not, just my wishful thinking.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Fourteen

Several hours later, Peyton and Christian were up and feeling like themselves. We were all in the tiny kitchen and boy there were no room to walk in there, not with eight vampires and two kids all cramped in together at once. Peyton was sipping slowly at the protein shake and watching all of us curiously. Christian was drinking hot chocolate and poking at the marshmallows with a spoon. He jerked his head up, and I spun around, not to look at him but to look toward the door. I wasn’t the only one. A few seconds of silence hung in the air, and then Kallie came around the corner. “Julie is here. Shall I let her in?”
“Yeah, let her in,” I said. “Make sure she doesn’t have any weapons on her.”
She nodded. “I’ll so make sure of that,” she said as she made her way back to the door. I turned and frowned down at Christian. A cool hand on my arm made me jump.
“He senses vibrations,” said Tristan. Oh, yeah, duh. I mentally smacked myself. Tristan narrowed his eyes. “Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yeah, I’m okay.”
He nodded and removed his hand. He leaned in and whispered in my ear, low enough for only me to hear. “You’re such a liar.” I frowned. His fangs grazed my neck and I jerked involuntarily. “You need to feed, sweetheart. It will drive you insane if you go another day without it.” I blushed so hard. I was surprised that flames didn’t erupt from my body right here and now. He straightened and leaned against the counter. He was still looking at me, smiling wickedly. A squawk came over all the radio. It was Kallie informing us that Julie was armed, and she wasn’t giving up the weapon until she saw her kids. What the fuck? The whole kitchen went extremely cold and I felt Adalyn pressed herself behind me. I couldn’t tell who was projecting powers and who was not. Peyton gave a small scream and tried to rise up from her chair, but I slap a hand on her shoulder, keeping her from moving. Christian looked scared and completely confused.
“Motherfucker,” Adalyn hissed behind me.
“What should I do?” Kallie asked. We all looked at one another. “She is insisting that she be let in.”
“How did she get this way again?” I asked. “Somebody refresh my memory.” I cursed.
“Escort her in,” Trynnadon growled. James, Callan, Eric, and Adalyn led Christian and Peyton out of the room. The rest of us stood there a moment longer and then we walked into the living room. If there was going to be another fight? We preferred it to be away from things that could blow the house down and oh say like, set it on fire. I plopped myself on the couch, almost knocking it backward. The cold gradually died down as we waited for our visitor. “Tristan, don’t think about eating her yet.”
He glared at Trynnadon. “Who says I was going to eat her?”
Trynnadon just stared at him. “Man, your pupils are dilated.”
“That doesn’t mean I’m thinking about draining her.”
Trynnadon laughed. “We all know exactly what you’re thinking about, and your eyes, says it all.” He tossed Tristan a pair of sunglasses. “Hold it together. She’s not food yet,” he said, slipping on his own. Everybody else did the same. Yeah, yeah, wearing sunglasses inside of the house is just weird, but what the hell.
“She’s food when I want her to be,” Tristan muttered under his breath. 
“Pathetic,” Trynnadon muttered.
I glared at both of them. “Lighten up, would ya?” Kallie finally entered the living room followed by Julia and then Jessica. Kallie gestured to an empty chair in the corner. All eyes followed her as she moved to sit down. She looked weary as she looked from one vampire to another. I glanced at Kallie and Jessica who were still standing. “You can leave if you like,” I said to them. “Good morning Julie,” I said, trying not to sound irritated. She nodded to me but didn’t say anything. Wow, did she all of a sudden loss all sense of… sanity? “So, if you have any weapon, I like you to slowly, very slowly take it out where we can see it.” She shifted nervously.
“I like to see my kids first,” said Julia. Beside me, Avery stiffened.
I frowned. “It would be better that there’s no weapon on you first. You don’t want to hurt anybody, do you?” She shook her head. Tristan sniffed the air. I gave him a questioning look. He flicked his finger at Julie, more like at her pocket which looked like a knife or something was in there. “Listen, slowly reach into your right pocket and very slowly pull out that knife for me, please?” I watched as she slowly pulled out a huge pocketknife or a switchblade. I stiffened as she opened it. I cleared my throat. “You don’t want to do that. Please close it.”
“Why don’t we talk about it?” Avery asked her sweetly. “And then you can see your kids.” She shook her head. I looked toward Trynnadon and Tristan. I got up and slowly walked over to Julie. I stopped as she pointed the knife at me. I heard hisses from behind me.
“Do not,” I gritted out. “Point that at me.” I said to her. She didn’t move the knife from me even though the hand that was holding it was shaking slightly. I shivered as I felt the energy crackling in the air. I saw Julie’s eyes go unfocused. I went back to the couch.
“Please close the knife,” Tristan said to her. I watched as she struggled to close it. Tristan went up to her. “Hand it over.” She put the knife in his hand. “Thank you. Now, do you have any other knives on you?”
“No,” she said.
“Do you have any guns on you?”
“No.”
“Do you have anything that can stick me, poke me?”
“No.”
“Very good.” I watched as she slowly came to herself. Tristan was slowly walking back to his position beside Trynnadon. Julie, seeing him walking, jumped up and hurled herself at him. Tristan spun around and caught her in a tight embrace. She screamed, clearly trying her hardest to hit him. He snarled, which shut her up instantly. Some sense finally caught up with her as she stared at his exposed fangs. All color drained from her face. “Very. Very. Very bad. Move,” he hissed. “You’re very lucky that I’m still in a good mood,” he growled and let her go. “Go back and sit before I change my mind,” he hissed. She stumbled back to the chair and sat down.
“I’m sorry,” she squeaked. “Please don’t hurt me.”
“We won’t hurt you,” I said, shutting up Tristan before he could say anything else to scare her even more. “If you can compose yourself, you can see Payton and Christian.” She took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Okay, I’m not going to do anything stupid,” she said. “I promise.” I studied her carefully. Actually, I dug into her mind and did some poking around.
“Okay,” I said. “First, tell me why you are carrying weapons around?”
She gulped. “For protection.” Tristan stared at her intently. She shivered. “I’m telling the truth.”
“Eric,” I called. “Bring them out.” We waited for only a second before Eric, James, Callan, Adalyn and the kids came out of the room they were in. Peyton and Christian ran to their mother and hugged her. I turned away from them to give them a little privacy. Adalyn gestured toward the door, getting her meaning I went to the door and opened it. I stepped out and the others followed. We walked down several paces down the driveway and stop. I cleared my throat. “So um…” I shifted nervously. I hate feeling all warm and fuzzy inside. “Uh…”
“Spit it out,” said Trynnadon. He was so trying not to smile at my discomfort.
I cleared my throat again. “I… have nothing to say.”
“Join the club.” I turned to look at him. “I don’t like feeling warm either.” I laughed. “What, is that a problem?”
“No, but—”
“Well, I got something that can cheer us all up,” Tristan said, cutting me off. Everybody stared, waiting for him to continue. He tapped the side of his head. “Did anybody here bother to listen in on the thoughts of all the fuckers we slaughtered?” he asked. “Or is it just me who happens to have all the information?” His eyes narrowed and a low growl escaped him. “So?” We all kept staring at him, not answering his questions. Hell, he looked like he wanted to kill someone. I did listen in to some, but I picked up nothing unusual. I shivered as I felt the weight of his stare on me. Shit, why do I keep forgetting? I threw up my mental shield, trying to block him. I frowned. Try again, he said. I winced at the sound of him in my head. I tried to block him out again. It worked, but only for a few seconds. Wow. Don’t say it, I mentally shouted at him. He winced. Well, that was the first. We have a lot to work on, you and I, he said and slipped out of my head.
“Bastard,” I muttered.
“I’m still waiting for you six to answer me,” he said to the others standing around me. Another minute went by and then another. “Hey, stop staring at me like I’m about to turn this whole fucking damn world upside down,” he said, clearly very annoyed and very pissed off.
“I did,” Trynnadon finally growled.
“Oh, you did?” Tristan eyed him hard. “What did you find out?” he hissed.
“Dev wasn’t there,” Trynnadon growled.
“Right, and?”
“He took a flight back to Los Angeles.”
“And?”
“We’re all going to find him and bleed him.”
“Yes, we are,” Tristan whispered, so low that I almost didn’t hear it.
“Let’s go back inside,” I said quickly. I so was not going to stand around while Tristan and Trynnadon had a smack down. I think once was good enough for me. I walked back up to the door, looking back to see if they were following me, they were. The door opened before we reached it. Peyton, Christian, and Julia stood in the doorway.
“You’re going to leave now,” said Peyton. She looked up at Tristan. A flicker of emotions played across her face. Holy shit, am I seeing things? “Um… my mom wants to move back to California,” she said to us all. She broke eye contact with Tristan and wouldn’t look at him. “I want to go back too since I… don’t remember anything but…” She gulped. Oh my. I never saw this coming. She took a deep breath and continued on. “We want to know if we can go back with you,” she said very fast. “I heard you talking, and I didn’t mean too, but I couldn’t help myself,” she said even faster. Wow, did she even hear herself? Incredible. She blushed and went perfectly still. She wasn’t even breathing. I glanced around to see the others reaction. They were as shocked as I was. Well, all but Tristan and Avery. I was speechless. I couldn’t even get my tongue to move to form a word. I went back to staring at Peyton. “If you don’t that is okay too. We can always pay for our own flight to California. It wasn’t my idea. It was my mom’s idea. I mean, I didn’t even think about it until she brought it up. I mean, I know there’s a lot of gangs and stuff there, but I don’t care about that. I just wonder what it’s like to—” She gasped as Tristan touched her shoulder. She fell silent. He smiled down at her and she blushed even redder.
“You can blab all day and night, can’t you?” he asked her. She didn’t answer, but went even redder if that was even possible. “And you can talk very fast, did you know that?”
“Yes,” she squeaked. Tristan looked at Julia.
“You have amazing children, anybody ever told you that?” She went red like her daughter. “I guess that’s a no.” He turned his attention back to Peyton. “It’s not my call to say if you can come with us or not,” he said and pointed to Trynnadon. “His call.”
“Yes, you can all come with us, but be prepared for anything,” said Trynnadon.
“Such as donating my oxygen supply,” Peyton muttered under her breath. I couldn’t help it. I broke out laughing while the others snap themselves back to reality. “Does that include my defense supply?” she asked. I stopped abruptly, totally confused by what she said. “I hope not, because I need that to fight off bacteria and stuff.” Oh, she was talking about the white blood. Ah, got it now.
“I think we’ll stick to the red one only,” I said.
“Okay, good.” Trynnadon cleared his throat. She looked up at him questioningly.
“I like to talk to your mother about the flight,” he said. “If that is okay with you?” She kept staring at him. “I promise not to bite her,” he added reluctantly. She nodded and stepped outside. She signed something to Christian and then he followed her out. We all stepped back to let them pass. Tristan and I broke out of the group to follow Peyton and Christian down the driveway and stopped at the curb.
“I never thought my life could change in a day or so,” Peyton said without turning around. “Whoever thought about meeting a bunch of vampires for that matter?” She finally turned around to face us. “Don’t you think that is strange, or a coincidence, or a bad luck for some of us?”
“Well, don’t you like us?” I asked her sweetly.
She smiled. “I do, but some are just a pain in the ass, as I found out days ago.” She sighed. “I have a lot of questions.”
“I’m sure you do,” I said.
“Like this one. Why do I feel a more dangerous vibe from Tristan than I do with… you?”
“Ah, I have no idea on that,” I admitted.
“I think I have some sort of… sixth sense or seventh sense, because… I can tell that Tristan is getting thirstier by the second.”
I frowned. “You can tell just by looking at him.”
“No, I can tell without looking at him, and I can tell that you’re still confused about what I said.” She frowned. “Okay, I’m making no sense at all, am I?” I turned to look at Tristan. He was staring at Peyton intently.
“What did you do to her when she was a baby?” I asked. He slowly met my eyes. I shivered.
“I didn’t do anything,” he growled. “She had it all her life.”
“What?” Peyton and I asked at the same time.
“I told you, you were special,” he said to her. She stared at him, bewildered.
“But-but-but, how come it’s happening to me now?” I could smell fear slowly rising in her. Tristan stepped closer to her and gently touched her arm. “I have no idea why that is,” he said, still growling. “But nothing is wrong with what you have.” She shivered.
“Will you help me with it? I mean, I might have other stuff inside of me I don’t know about.” I shuddered as the air grew charged. She winced as Tristan probed her mind. He tightened his grip on her as her breathing grew into more of a pant. She gasped and spluttered and tried to calm her breathing. Once her breathing was back to normal, Tristan leaned in and licked the side of her neck. She squeaked in surprise.
“I will,” he finally answered. He straightened and went over to Christian. Peyton watched anxiously as Tristan started to sign.
“You don’t mind teaching some of us sign language, do you?” I asked her.
She turned to look at me. “Um, sure. Just you?”
“I think so. If you haven’t notice, I am as stupid as a rock,” I muttered.
“That is why you and I are going to work together,” Tristan drawled.
“I already have you as a partner way too many times,” I grumbled.
“You have.” I hissed as my head started to pound. But not in this sense, Tristan growled in my head. Now, push me out or I’m going to relish in all your secrets about… me. Oh fucking shit. That is so not happening. That is so not… happening. He laughed. Okay, think about… think about nothing. I pictured a brick wall and slammed it at him. I heard him groaned beside me. “That was much better than before,” he hissed.
“Um, what are you guys doing?” Peyton asked nervously.
“Tristan is trying to kill me,” I gasped.
“Don’t kill her. I like her,” she whined.
He laughed. “Don’t worry, I won’t kill her.” He turned as Christian tapped him on the arm. He pointed toward the door where the whole group was coming out. He smiled down at him and nodded. Christian stepped back a step and we all waited as the rest headed toward us. “Well, what do we have?” he asked as they stopped in front of us.
“Our flight leaves in a few hours,” said Trynnadon. “Some of us are going to help Julie with her stuff. James and Callan are heading out before we are. They are willing to take some of the stuff.” Peyton and Christian went over to their mother. Trynnadon nodded to them and all three were off to the car, Peyton and Christian waving goodbyes to us. I waved back. “So, do whatever you want for the time being, that is if you are not helping out.”
“I need to feed.” I sighed. “If I’m not back by the time we leave, radio me or something. I probably be burying bodies.” They all looked at me like I’ve lost my mind. ”What, I happened to be very hungry at the moment.” Trynnadon pointed at my wrist. I looked down at the blue Tracking/alarm/alert band. I don’t even know the proper name for it. I cursed. “I guess I won’t be burying bodies after all.” I turned and disappear into the shadows. You do that, sweetheart. Trynnadon won’t get his hands on you before I do. Keep that in mind while you hunt, hmm? Tristan whispered in my head. “I’ll behave,” I muttered. You do that, Donnica. You do that, he said, and slipped out.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifteen

CHRISTIAN

I always wonder what it was like to be able to hear voices instead of reading lips, or listening for sounds instead of sensing vibrations. I leaned back against the back seat of the car, my sister talking about something to one of the vampires. Hell, I didn’t even know all of their names apart from Donnica, Tristan, and Trynnadon. I squirmed uncomfortably as I watched Tristan coming over to the car. I shivered. He pressed his hand against the window and looked at me. My sister was there rolling the window down. She said something to him and he nodded. Peyton turned to look at me and started signing. Tristan wants to try something. I frowned. Don’t be scared, he won’t hurt you. She nodded to him. I held my breath for whatever was coming. I felt the strange feeling, like the air was hard to breathe in. He was in my head listening to my every single thought. I heard what sounded like a buzz of some sort. What the hell? I couldn’t hear shit, but how the hell could I hear this? My sister started signing. He’s going to try to talk to you mentally. I felt his hand on my shoulder which for the record, was not so comforting as a rush of spine tingling sensation washed through me, leaving me cold and defenseless. “Can you hear me?” I jerked so violently that I almost punched my sister in the face. Her eyes widened in shock. I couldn’t breathe for the life of me. “Breathe,” he whispered in my head. Shit, I am going mad for sure. “Christian, you’re not losing your mind.” Are you sure about that? “I’m absolutely sure.” I felt him leaving my head. You heard him? Peyton signed. I nodded. How was it? It was the scariest shit ever, I signed back to her. She smiled. I bet.

DONNICA

The cold wind blew against my face as I stalked deeper into the alley. I exit the alley and onto a busy street. I frowned when I saw Avery standing alone, snow swirling around him. I walked up to him. “You up to something?” I asked.
“Do I look like it?”
“You’re just standing here. I was just wondering.”
“Behind you.” I knew who I would find when I turned around. I sighed and slowly turned around to find Tristan right in front of me.
“Why do I always have the pleasure of running into you?” I asked.
“I wonder that myself,” he whispered. “Why do I have the pleasure of running into you?”
“I asked you first,” I muttered.
“Maybe, she has a thing for you,” said Avery. Shut up shut up, I shouted in my head. I tried not to blush and failed miserably. Tristan’s eyes bored into mine. I didn’t even dare to break eye contact with him. I heard Avery chuckling behind me. Oh, I’m so going to kick his ass. “So? What do you have to say about that, brother? Surely, you’ve notice.” Avery’s cold ass hand touched the back of my neck and I flinched. Tristan’s hand came up and touched my cheek.
“You’re blushing is making me more thirsty than I already am,” said Tristan. I sidestepped from between them and turned so that I could see both of them. “I did know that,” he said to Avery. “You didn’t have to point that out, you know.” I needed to get away from here, if I didn’t I would die of embarrassment. Tristan turned to look at me. “Where you think you’re going?” I gulped. Shit, I am fucked. He smiled. “Why don’t you join me? Looks like you haven’t found your fix for the night.”
“Um, okay,” I choked out.
“Avery, I’ll see you later.” Before I could move or do anything, Tristan grabbed me, and everything went black.
I gasped in surprise and shock. I pulled myself free and looked around. We were in another neighborhood. “If you want to feed,” Tristan hissed in my ear. I jumped and tried to move away, but his hand clamped down hard on my shoulder. “We need to get a move on.” I nodded. He let go of me and pointed to an apartment. I took a deep breath and started walking. We came up to the door and I knocked. A moment later, it opened, and a young man in his early twenties stood in the doorway.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
“May we come in?” I asked.
“For…” His voice trailed off as Tristan caught his eye.
“Invite us in,” he hissed.
“Yes, you can come in.” He moved out of the doorway and we entered.
“What was that for?” I asked. Tristan’s hand shot out and grabbed me. He pulled me to him. I struggled to get free and gasped as his fangs punctured my neck. He licked the blood away and growled.
“If you haven’t notice,” he hissed. “I am extremely hungry,” he growled. “And I have no patience to wait for you to play nice,” he snarled. “Got that?”
“Yes, I do,” I gasped. He shoved me away, hard. I staggered for a few seconds before catching my balance.
“Go wake up your roommate,” Tristan hissed to the human. I watched as he went to do just that. A minute later they both came out. I heard Tristan growled, and in a blur, he had the first human in an unbreakable hold.
“What the fuck?” his roommate screamed. Quick as a flash, I grabbed him and sank my fangs deep in his neck. He gave out a bloodcurdling scream. I pulled hard and took in mouthfuls after mouthfuls of the sweet blood while my ears rang with the screams of both humans. It was deafening. I growled as he attempted to fight back. A few minutes later, the human went limp under me. I gathered myself and slowly withdrew my fangs. I licked the wound closed and got off of him. You will not remember a thing that happened here, I said into his mind. Licking the remaining blood off my lips, I turned to Tristan. He was still eyeing his victim hungrily. I slowly walked over to him and put my hands on his shoulders which snapped him back to focus. I dropped my hands back to my side. “I’m good for a few hours, are you?” I asked. He didn’t answer. Instead, he took my hand and everything once again went black. I cursed and wished he’d warn me before teleporting so I could be prepared at least. We were back at the house, the one we did a B & E on. The door flew opened and we both stepped inside. Tristan passed me and went into one of the bedrooms. A sniff of the air told me that Trynnadon was in there. I went over to the couch and sat down beside Jessica who was texting rapidly on her phone. “Boyfriend?” I asked.
“No,” she laughed. “I’m texting my sister.” She looked up from her phone. “I have your stuff packed up.”
“Oh, um thanks.”
“Kallie and Kara are putting all the stuff in the car.”
“Um, how many cars we taking? We all can’t fit in one.”
“I think we are taking four.” I nodded. “Did you piss Tristan off again?” she asked.
“I think I annoyed him more like it.”
“You’re not supposed to do that,” she muttered. “You know how many lives are at stake here?”
“How many?” I asked curiously.
“Hmm, let’s see, like a thousand? Millions? Billions?”
“I… don’t think he’ll kill that many people. I don’t think he will that is,” I said, uncertain. Practically, I had no idea who Tristan really was. He’s cool one minute, and the next, he’s an inch from snapping your neck. She stared at me and smiled.
“You don’t seem sure about that,” she said.
I shrugged. “I’m not.”
“You know,” Tristan drawled. “I really hate it when you talk about me, as if I can’t hear a word you’re saying,” he growled, entering the living room with Trynnadon. Jessica made a small sound at the back of her throat and tried to sink into the couch which was… impossible. She stared at Tristan. She wasn’t even blinking. He gave an exasperated sigh. “For the record, I’m not going to bite anyone’s head off.” She blushed but didn’t take her eyes off him. I couldn’t blame her, his eyes were still burning with thirst, and her heart sped up as he stared at her neck. Trynnadon coughed and took a step toward him, putting a restraining hand on his arm. His eyes were slowly losing the redness.
“Jess,” Trynnadon said tightly. “Tell your frantic heart to calm down.” She took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Sorry,” she breathed. “I’ll ah… wait outside.” She slowly stood up and Trynnadon dragged Tristan back a few steps. She quickly passed them and out the door she went. I cleared my throat. They both looked at me.
“I’m guessing you originally came out here to tell me that it’s time to leave?” I asked. Trynnadon nodded stiffly. “Wonderful.” I got up and we all went outside, closing the door and locking it up like nothing ever happened in the first place. Everybody was out here and moving about, putting things in the van. Who the hell went and procured vans? Peeking in the window, I noticed that we had drivers to take us to the airport. A light touch on my arm made me look down. It was Peyton. She tugged at my shirt. I bent down to her. “What?” I whispered.
“Hi,” she whispered.
I laughed. “Well, hi to you too.”
“My brother can hear you if you talk to him mentally,” she whispered.
“Why are you whispering?” I whispered back.
“Because I don’t want my mom to find out about it and freak out.”
“How do you know?”
“Tristan tried it with him earlier.”
“Really?”
“Yep. I’m still gonna teach you sign language though. It scared the crap out of him.”
“I bet. Let’s go,” I said gesturing to one of the vans. She nodded and walked to one of them, got inside and disappeared to the back. I turned around as I felt the stare of someone. “Can I help you?” I asked.
“Har jag talat du hur läcker hon er?” Tristan asked.
“English,” I muttered.
“You suck,” he said, his eyes flickered to the van where Peyton was in. What I ask was… have I told you how delicious she is?”
“Nope, you haven’t.”
“Well, she is.” He walked over and opened the door. I followed. He got in and looked around. I closed the door and went to sit beside Peyton. He sighed. “Damn it, can it get any more crowded?” There was room for seven and… four vampires, Peyton and the driver. Yep, it was super crowded. “Somebody knock me out for this whole trip please,” he muttered as he squeezed himself to the back to sit on the other side of Peyton. He would’ve gladly sat beside the driver, but there were boxes of stuff which was taking up the whole seat. Peyton took one look at him and shivered.
“I was hoping I wasn’t the only human in here,” she muttered.
“You’re not,” I said.
“The driver doesn’t count.” Her eyes flickered back to Tristan who was keeping himself as far as he could from her. It didn’t do much since he only moved an inch away which was the best he could do. Peyton hugged herself tightly and couldn’t stop glancing up at him. “So, is there anything I can do to make it easy on him?” she asked me.
“Um, not—” I started to say but Tristan cut me off.
“Nothing,” he hissed. She cringed. I heard Trynnadon speaking to the driver, and we were off. I saw a flash of red which turned out to be a blood bag. Tristan caught it midair. He shook his head in disgust, but ripped into it just as well.
“Ewww,” Peyton said, staring at it. Tristan finished it in one drain and tossed it over Adalyn’s head and into the garbage. “Want more?” she asked. He slowly turned his head to look at her. She leaned into me and held her breath. “I’m not offering,” she said.
“Then why you ask?” he hissed. He hit Adalyn on the back of her head. She winced. “More blood,” he growled. She stuck her hand into the bag and pulled out several more plastic blood bags. She passed it to him, and he tore open another bag, draining it. “I hate this,” he muttered after finishing a third bag. His eyes flickered back to Peyton who was still on me and watching him. He tossed me the last bag and I ripped it open and drained it.
“You don’t like drinking from blood bags?” Peyton asked. Tristan nodded stiffly.
“It’s not the same,” I said. “Just like animal blood is not the same as human blood.” At the mentioned of animal blood, Tristan made a gagging sound.
“I would have to kill you if you drink from animals,” he muttered. I poked Peyton gently and she straightened back to her original position. Tristan was still staring at her. She touched him on the arm, and he hissed. She poked him.
“It might help if you relax a bit,” she said, uncertain. I could hear a low growl coming from him, and it was a deadly warning.
“Um, Peyton, don’t touch him,” I said. She removed her hand from his arm and flexed it, trying to get rid of the tingling sensation. I shifted nervously as Tristan’s growl grew louder.
“I just made it worse, didn’t I?” she whimpered. I nodded. “Great,” she gasped. Trynnadon and Adalyn turned around in their seats and watched Tristan intently.
“You pop open her vein, you might as well set a death sentence for her,” said Trynnadon. He looked back and forth between the two of them. “You hear me?” he asked, his eyes narrowing. Tristan groaned. Peyton frowned and looked at Trynnadon.
“I don’t think he’ll kill me,” she said hesitantly.
“I know he wouldn’t kill you, because one, we won’t let him and two, he won’t be the only one feeding from you which means that you will die, or if we happen to stop ourselves in time, one of us can turn you, and if you haven’t learn how to keep yourself in check after the change such as following the rules? You might as well find yourself…” His voice trailed off as he caught Tristan’s eyes which flashed white. He blinked rapidly and stared at him questioningly. Peyton looked confused. Hell, I was confused too, and from the looks of the other two, Trynnadon and Adalyn were as well. Then Trynnadon nodded to whatever Tristan was saying to him. I heard him took in a sharp breath and stiffened. He swiftly turned back around to face the front, and I could hear him groaning. Adalyn looked at me with a look that clearly asked what the hell? I shook my head.
“Is everything okay back there?” the driver asked. Adalyn blinked and turned around to whisper something to the driver. I was focused on Trynnadon who was now panting and sweating.
“Is he okay?” Peyton whispered in my ear.
“I don’t know. He doesn’t look like it.” I finally looked at Tristan. His eyes were fixed on Trynnadon. He was definitely doing something to him. “Tryn?” I asked. “You okay?” He didn’t seem to hear me. He didn’t even jerk away when Adalyn put a hand on him. What the fuck…?
“What should I do?” Adalyn asked me.
“Don’t do anything. I’m afraid we might get fried to death by him,” I said, nodding to Tristan. “Let’s just…” I was going to say wait, but Trynnadon moaned and shook off Adalyn’s hand. I watched as all the energy drained from him.
“Holy shit,” he whispered to no one in particular. “Fuck, damn Tristan, I’m sorry man, didn’t mean for that to happen,” he said, still whispering.
“What?” Peyton, Adalyn and I asked in unison.
“Nothing,” Trynnadon groaned. “Not my place to tell.”
“What?” I asked, turning to look at Tristan. He didn’t answer. He just looked at me, holding me in a weird trance. I shivered and tried to break eye contact but couldn’t.
“This is only between Trynnadon and me,” he said, his voice sounding so far away. “For now.” I could feel Peyton slightly shaking beside me. He looked down at her and she froze. He looked back at me, and I heard Adalyn cursing up a storm. What the hell was going on here? I opened my mouth to ask just that when my head started to pound. I groaned and slumped back in my seat, my eyes still locked with Tristan. Life is a fucking mystery sometimes, he whispered in my head. Don’t you agree? My vision blurred before fading to black, and I was out, as if a light switch had been flipped off in my mind.


* * * * * *



Chapter Sixteen

I had no clue how long I was out, but a hard poke jerked me back to consciousness. I slowly opened my eyes. It was Peyton who was poking me nonstop. It was eerie quiet in the van. I slowly straighten up in my seat and looked out the window. We were at the airport. The rest were moving to the back of the van, taking things out, and waiting. I turned back to look at my surrounding. Everybody was still, even the driver. I guess he got the good sense to stay quiet. I remained quiet too. I didn’t know what would happened if I happened to make a sudden move. It was Peyton who broke the silence. She took a deep breath and cleared her throat as if to announce a bad news and then to be struck down by lightning. The energy that I didn’t notice earlier grew dramatically. I saw Adalyn winced and glancing my way. Peyton froze for a second, and in one quick move, she got up and moved toward Trynnadon. She jumped into his lap, unlocked the door, threw it open, and jumped out. She slammed the door shut before sprinting toward… Avery? I watched in shock as she spoke rapidly to him. That girl is so something. She was not a normal human being, not after that little escape stunt she pulled. She was mighty fast for a normal human. I was still watching when the door opened. Trynnadon stood up and let Avery in. He took one look at Tristan and froze. He turned to stare at Trynnadon.
“He told you?” Avery whispered. He nodded. “Did he tell anyone else here?” I saw Adalyn shaking her head. Avery nodded and turned back to Tristan. I watched those two intently. Tristan hissed and stiffened as Avery’s energy pushed against his. He gave a groan of pain and the air was sucked out of him. Avery reached out and pulled Tristan up. “Come,” he whispered in his ear. I gave Avery a questioning look. I watched as they both exited the van.
“Wow,” I breathed.
“We have to go,” Trynnadon whispered. He turned to the driver and whispered in his ear. The driver nodded and popped opened the backdoor. Adalyn and I got up and went out the door after Trynnadon. Avery gestured to me. “I’ll get your bag,” said Trynnadon.
“Thanks,” I said and went over to Avery who was holding Tristan in a chokehold. “Yes?” I asked. Tristan eyes were roaming the massive crowd hungrily, and I could see the tip of his fangs peeking from his parted lips.
“Peyton,” Avery growled, straining to keep Tristan from breaking free.
“What about her?”
“She’s not like the rest of the humans. We have to keep her with us.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I picked up everything from Tristan, and she is more than you think.”
“Let’s go, security checkout line,” said Trynnadon. He looked at Avery and Tristan. “Fuck,” he hissed. “You both can’t go through at the same time.”
“No shit,” Avery hissed.
I leaned in and whispered in Trynnadon’s ear. “Why isn’t Julia startled by all this?”
“I think Tristan has a tight hold on her,” he whispered back. I nodded. “Let’s move, we have fucking flight to catch,” Trynnadon said, loud enough for the five out of six humans with us to hear. We moved through the crowd and made our way to the security line. It was packed when we entered. Trynnadon scanned the long line of people in front of us. He looked at Avery and Tristan, and he cursed. He leaned in and whispered something to them. He gestured to me, Adalyn, and Eric. I felt exposed as Trynnadon slipped into my mind. Crowd control, he hissed at me and the others. Do it, or we’ll never get out of here.
I took a deep breath and plunged myself into the minds of the massive crowd. It was excruciatingly painful. All their thoughts hit me like a ton of bricks. I felt Avery and Tristan in my head, and the pain lessened dramatically, but it was still there, just waiting to strike back full force. Yeah, it still hurt like a bitch, but it was manageable. I was just in their minds, just to make sure no one slipped out while Trynnadon, Avery, and Tristan did all the work. Someone pushed me gently, and I moved forward. It was a slow process. I groaned. We were so going to miss the flight. The line was moving faster by the minute, but it felt like forever. I could see Peyton and Christian signing rapidly back and forth. All of a sudden my vision went red and the hunger hit me out of nowhere. Blood, there was blood everywhere and I wanted all. As quick as it came on, it was gone just as quickly. I blinked, confused and slightly dazed. What the hell just happened? We finally reached the metal detector or whatever it was. I watched as Tristan growled something at the dude standing there. I heard a beep and he stepped back to let us through. Fuck, Tristan looked so out of control. I wouldn’t be surprised if this crowd controlling was keeping his mind sane by a thread. We didn’t let go of the mind control until we were all at the gate, and then all hell broke loose. Okay, not really, maybe a little. Tristan jerked out of Avery’s tight hold and snatched one of the human from the crowd. He screamed, and then Trynnadon and Eric were on Tristan, knocking both him and the human to the floor. The small crowd scattered out of the way. The scent of blood reached me a second later. I cursed and step closer to have a look. The human was bleeding, not from a bite wound, but from a split lip.
“Son of a fucking bitch,” Trynnadon growled. I watched as his eyes burned with thirst. I rubbed my own and groaned. I was more surprised that no one in the crowd asked any questions. Adalyn and I bent down and held Tristan in place with all the strengths we could muster.
“Fuck,” I groaned. “We need to get our asses out of here.” I watched as Julia, Peyton, and Christian walked toward us. “Don’t come any closer,” I said to them. They stopped a few feet away from us and watched helplessly as we fought to keep Tristan from hurting anyone. Eric pulled the human out and was staring him in the eyes and talking rapidly to him. The human nodded and got up. I watched as he walked away. “Damn,” I gasped. Tristan was still fighting us. He could throw us all off of him if he wanted to, but it looked like he was trying to hold it together and failing miserably. “Somebody knock him out,” I said breathlessly.
“How about somebody feed him,” said Peyton, just loud enough for only the vampires to hear. I stared at her. She came over to us. “I’ll do it.”
“You sure?” Adalyn asked. “Because Tristan doesn’t give second chances.”
“Yeah,” she said, taking in a deep breath. She went between Avery and Trynnadon and got on the floor.
“Hold out your wrist,” Trynnadon said, his voice straining from his own self-control. Peyton held out her wrist and put it by Tristan’s mouth. We all watched as he froze, his eyes locking on her wrist. Avery let one of his hands free. Tristan snarled and in a blur, his hand came up and closed tightly around her wrist. She whimpered. Quick as a flash, Tristan buried his fangs in her wrist and drank deeply. He growled and her scream cut off in a split second. Adalyn and I let go of Tristan and went to stand over Peyton, blocking the situation from the curious looks from the crowd. Avery was muttering something under his breath. They were all trying there hardest to let Tristan drink and not pull Peyton away and feed off of her as well.
“Enough,” Avery hissed. Tristan growled. I bent down and wrapped my hand around his jaw, tightening my grip and prying it open. He coughed as the blood went down the wrong tube. Avery took Peyton’s wrist and licked it closed. I let go of Tristan as he licked the remaining blood off his lips. “You got yourself in check?” Avery asked. Tristan smiled coldly. “A little longer, please?”
“I will kill you all when we arrive at the HQ,” Tristan hissed, his eyes boring into Avery. “I suggest you keep a tight hold on me.” he snarled, and Avery, Eric, and Trynnadon were off of him. I stiffened. He was up in a flash, grabbing Avery by the throat and choking the life from him. “I will kill everybody on that plane,” he hissed. “Do you get what I’m saying, brother?” Avery nodded. “Good,” he whispered and struck. Avery jerked and snarled. Tristan took a few long pull of his blood and shoved him away. I turned around to find Trynnadon holding the crowd in a trance. I breathed a sigh of relief. What would we do without Trynnadon? Hmm, I don’t know, probably nothing.
The loud system finally called our flight and we board, Avery holding his brother very tightly. The passengers were threatening to separate us. We finally made it to our seats. I slipped in first while Adalyn and Peyton slid in next to me. Trynnadon, Avery, and Tristan took the row in front of us while the other six took the two rows behind us. The ding sounded overhead. I buckled up and stared out the window, not paying any attention to the emergency video that was playing. I stiffened and turned around as Tristan growled. Making sure no one was looking, I reached over and punched the living hell out of him. I heard Adalyn gasped beside me, and Avery threw me a dirty look. “Sorry,” I mumbled.
“At least he’s out for the time being,” he muttered.
“Can you keep him asleep until we land?” I asked. He nodded. “I prefer him awake, but we don’t want a bloodbath before we all die a fiery death.” Avery eyes flashed. I winced. “Sorry, sorry.” I felt a slight pressure, knowing what it was, I slammed down hard, keeping a tight hold on my thoughts. Avery smiled as I struggled to keep my thoughts from slipping. “Stop that,” I said, panting slightly. He considered it for a second and released me.
“You’ve been working on it,” he said, amused. “Can you keep your thoughts from me when I’m not actually picking your brain?”
“Probably not,” I muttered.
“We’re in the air by the way.” I looked out the window, we were. Avery chuckled. “You have a lot to learn, my friend.”
“I bet.” I sighed. “I need a brain scan,” I muttered. “My wiring is so off.” Avery laughed, and I heard Adalyn snickering beside me. I smiled. “I’m just making a suggestion.” He poked Trynnadon and he looked up.
“Donnica would like to make an appointment with… what’s his name?” Trynnadon stiffened as Avery peeked into his mind. “Ah yes, Jenkins.”
“No appointment,” I muttered. Trynnadon smiled and nodded to me. I turned to look at Peyton who was halfway turned in her seat, talking to Jessica. Feeling my stare on her, she turned around. “Was checking if you were asleep or not,” I said to her.
“Still wide awake,” she said, rubbing her eyes.
“So, what are you and Jessica talking about?”
“How she is liking it, being in the NSC.”
“Oh really?” Trynnadon asked.
“Yeah.”
“An odd topic to be talking about,” he said, giving her a little smile.
“I actually asked her about it.” He nodded. “Is that okay?”
“Of course, but Jessica?” I saw her wincing and looked guiltily at him. He narrowed his eyes at her. “Don’t openly talk about it to anyone. You get what I’m saying?”
“That’s why we were whispering,” she whispered to him. He nodded. “I won’t—”
“I’m not saying you can’t talk about it with Peyton, you can actually,” he looked at Peyton and his eyes bored into her. She whimpered. “Peyton?” He leaned close to her as much as he could. “You do know you’re different right?” She nodded. “Do you accept it?” she nodded. “Very good, it will make it a lot easier for us in the long run.”
“Who will help me?” she asked.
“We all will, but—”
“You’ll be hanging out with Tristan and me mostly,” Avery interrupted.
“Does my brother have anything special in him?” she whispered.
“Not from what I can see.” She nodded. “But Tristan and I will keep a close watch on him.”
“Okay,” she said, yawning. “I think I’m going to sleep now.”
“You do that,” said Trynnadon. “We’ll be landing in an hour or two.” Peyton leaned back on her seat and closed her eyes. Avery and Trynnadon turned back around and focus their eyes on Tristan who was still out cold. I didn’t hit him that hard, or did I? Refreshments came around and Trynnadon shook his head as she got to his row.
“Would you like anything to drink or snack on?” she asked as she continued her way to my row. Peyton jerked awake and looked up at her.
“I like a coke,” she said. The attendant handed her a small cup filled with ice and a can of coke. “Thank you.” The attendant nodded to Peyton and continued her way down the aisle.
“I thought you were going to sleep,” said Adalyn.
“I did sleep, for like five minutes.”
“You call that sleep?” Jessica asked. “I call that a super short nap.”
I drifted off to a half state of consciousness as the two girls continued to talk on. I probably fell asleep somewhere along the line, because Adalyn was poking me awake. I sat up and looked around. People were getting off the plane. Hell, it felt like only ten seconds ago when the plane was still in the air. I got up and waited for the last of people to pass. Trynnadon and Avery moved out, with Tristan now awake tightly between them. Peyton moved out with Adalyn and me behind her, the others behind us. We all filed out and quietly walked out of LAX Terminal. I winced as the sunlight blinded me. Covering my eyes, I pulled my sunglasses out and slipped them on. Ow, it was still hurting with them on. I cursed and continued my way to the huge van. It looked more like a bus, but whatever. Trynnadon, groaning, pulled opened the door, and we were met by loud ass greetings from inside. I glanced at him. He looked surprised. Shaking his head, he stepped inside. We all got in and waited for the humans who went to get our bags to return. I looked around. I blinked, and blinked again. “Am I seeing things?” I asked Eric who was staring at the six kids in front of us.
“Nope,” he said. “You’re definitely seeing them.”
“Well, hi there Alyssa, Brianna, Jane, Lily, Leo, Seth.” They waved back eagerly. I looked around some more. Abby, Gabriella, Scarlett, Dr. Jenkins, Dr. Deetra, Wesley, and Warren were all here as well. “Well, I say that we didn’t expect this many people to welcome us back,” I said, smiling.
Seth coughed. “Yeah, it looks like you didn’t come back alone either,” he said to me.
“Peyton, Christian? Come here,” I said to them. Peyton took her Brother’s hand and pulled him along to us. “These are the Kegorah’s kids,” I said to Peyton.
“Come sit,” Seth said and pulled her and Christian down. I turned to the door and noticed that Adalyn, Avery, Tristan, and Julia were standing there. Tristan was eyeing both Alyssa and Jane who was cowering behind the rest of the kids.
“You guys can find a seat and sit,” I said to Avery. He nodded and gestured to Julia and pointed to an empty seat. I looked out the tinted window and watched as Kara, Jessica, and Kallie walked up.
“They need help?” Seth asked. He got up and jumped out and boy, were they surprise to see him. The backdoor popped opened and Seth reentered. “Hey, you can’t have my sisters for lunch,” he said, staring at Tristan curiously.
“Um, Tristan, that is Seth, and Seth this is Tristan,” I said. “Oh, and that’s his brother Avery who’s restraining him so he doesn’t attack your sisters.” I realized that everybody was listening to my introduction. “And that’s Adalyn and that’s Julia, Peyton and Christian’s mother,” I finally finished. I went over to Brianna. She was still in a wheelchair. “Hey there,” I said to her.
“Hi,” she said.
“How are you?”
“I’m good,” she said, smiling, and playing with a strand of her hair.
“So, how’s your therapy coming along?”
She brightened up all of a sudden. “I can do a little walking, like ten steps or so, and Jenkins said it would take a year before I can take a step.”
“You proved him wrong then,” I laughed.
“I said it might take a year,” Jenkins said, a little offended. Brianna laughed and stuck out her tongue at him. He laughed. “I’m not that smart.”
“Everybody sit down and buckle up,” Gabriella called out. When everybody was seated and buckled up, we were finally off.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seventeen

“So… did you guys have to beg to come along?” I asked Alyssa.
“Not really.” She pointed a finger at Scarlett. “We heard about it from her, and we wanted to come along, so we played hooky.”
“Well, well, look at that. They really love you all so much that they all took a day off just to come see you guys. You all should feel special,” said Avery. He laughed. “Although, I don’t know any parents that let their kids out of school for a day. So… tell me, how did it go? Did one of you played the role of an adult, or did you just skip without telling anyone?”
“Er… I actually called in and pretended to be my mom, and our parents don’t know about it… yet.”
“Mmm, bad, bad, children,” said Tristan.
“I’m not bad,” Jane said innocently. He smiled at her. “Blame the boys,” she said, giggling.
“Come here, Jane.”
“Um, why?” she squeaked.
“I have a secret to tell you,” he whispered. Alyssa stiffened, getting ready to grab her sister and put her out of harm’s way. Tristan chuckled. “Protective aren’t we? I’m not going to hurt her. You would get in my way no matter what. Wouldn’t you?” He smiled. “You would do that for anybody. It’s your instinct.” The whole van was now silent. Everybody was listening to every single word that Tristan was saying. Avery’s eyes were locked on Jane. She stared transfix under his gaze. I watched as Alyssa’s eyes went out of focus. “Come to me,” he whispered. Alyssa unbuckled her seatbelt and got up. She went over to him. “Sit,” he said, and she sat down beside him. “Avery, why don’t you and Jane join us? There’s much explaining to be done. Don’t you agree?”
“What is going—” Brianna began to say.
“Trynnadon? Make sure everybody is at ease.” Trynnadon nodded. He sighed. “And Donnica, why don’t you join the party as well.” I frowned at him. “Come over here,” he said impatiently. “Nobody’s going to die in the next hour, so do try and relax. I am missing someone…” He turned to look at Peyton who was sound asleep. He smiled and reached over and stroked her cheek. She woke up as if the world was on fire. “Settle down, settle down,” he said.
“Next time,” she gasped. “Just call my name.”
“I’ll have to remember that. Now that I have you wide awake, listen up.”
“What?”
“I didn’t know I would become…” He looked at Alyssa, Jane, Peyton, and then to me. “A mentor for four. Luckily, I’m not your only one. My brother will be helping me out.” He licked his lips. “So… when we get back to the HQ, the six of us are going to have a little, fun. Of course, if somebody decides to bleed, we’ll have even more fun together.” I winced and really hoped that wouldn’t happen anytime soon. “Let’s hope not,” he whispered. Argh, I mentally smacked myself. “None of you will be able to stop me this time.”
“So, what’s the big test?” Peyton asked. “Essays, multiple choices, and true and false?”
“Oh, give me multiple choices any day,” I said.
“Okay then,” Tristan said. “What do you prefer, a. physical, b. mental, or c. both.” I groaned. I knew he was going to ask just that. “So, what shall it be?”
“Neither,” I muttered.
“There’s no none of the above,” he said, leaning back. “I’d choose c if I were you.”
“No way.” He laughed. “No way in hell I’m going through both at the same time.”
“Mental it is.” I gasped as Tristan broke down my shielding. I took a deep breath and gathered my strength and shoved. I cursed and tried again. This time it worked, for only a few seconds though. I slowly breathed in and out and concentrated on an imaginary wall and holding the image. Then I felt him leaving my head. “Getting better,” he said. “But that’s only a taste. Next time it will be much harder.”
I groaned. “Can we start out slow?”
“Slow? That wouldn’t be any fun. Would it now?”
“Please?”
“You’re begging me?” He smiled chillingly. “I don’t do gentle.”
“Of course you don’t,” I grumbled.
“Hey,” said Trynnadon. “How about we come up with a plan to snuff out Dev Poralis before you torture these four to death?”
“We’ll do that,” said Tristan. “How far are we?”
“Ten minutes,” said Gabriella.
“Where’s Holly?” Gabriella stiffened. Tristan chuckled. “You left that poor girl home alone, shame on you.”
“Hey, she says she wants to stay and do some security stuff.”
“Right, may I leave?”
“Uh… you mean let you out here in the middle of the road?”
“Yes, that’s exactly what I mean.”
“You know the rest of the way?”
“I’ve been listening to your lovely thoughts for the past hour. I think I have the direction memorized by now.” He smiled as she gasped.
“Could you not do that? I have secrets you know.”
“You know how many secrets I pulled from unsuspecting brains?” he asked. “I happened to have billions of secrets stored in my head. You would be surprise by how much I know. So, let me out. I’ll meet you all there.”
“But—”
“Let him go,” Avery interrupted.
“But." I shifted nervously as Tristan growled low in his throat. “Okay okay okay,” she said. “Please don’t kill me.” We came to a stop at the red light. Before anyone could say anything to stop him, Tristan threw the door opened and jumped out, slamming the door shut before disappearing. Cars honk their horns as he moved in a blur. “I’m definitely not messing around with him,” Gabriella muttered.
“That would be a wise move,” said Avery. The light turned green and we were off again. “Two minutes out,” he muttered.
“You want to get out too?” I asked him.
“I’ll live,” he said.
“Um, Tryn? You can let them go now you know.”
“I don’t want to,” said Trynnadon. “I’m quite enjoying their colorful world in their heads.” Avery laughed. “What? I just want to play with them a little longer. Is that a problem?”
“Yes,” I said. “They’ll have nightmares for the rest of their lives, and besides, Tristan says keep them at ease not play with them.”
“Fine,” he said, sighing. I watched as they all slowly came around. “Happy?”
“Yeah, thanks,” I muttered.
“I was having fun studying them,” said Peyton.
“Oh, hush,” I said.
She laughed. “They look like they’re daydreaming,” she said. Trynnadon smiled.
“What does it feel like for you?” he asked.
She blushed. “Um, I don’t remember.”
“Good,” he said softly. “We’ll have problems if you remember what’s going on in your head.” He looked out the window. “And we are here, and what do you know. I can’t see Tristan anywhere.” Avery chuckled.
“Oh, he’s here.” He smiled. “You… just can’t sense him like I can, but then again, I can’t sense him if he doesn’t want to be found.” He sighed. “Cold ass bastard,” he muttered.
“Everybody out,” Gabriella said as she killed the engine. I got out and looked toward Holly who was just about to close the gate. “Hey, we humans will get your stuff inside.”
“Well, thanks,” I said, making my way to the gate. Before I could warn Holly, Tristan came out of nowhere and was holding the gate open. Holly gave out a small scream and quickly stepped back. “Did you really have to scare her?” I asked.
“That’s my nature,” Tristan hissed. He looked at Holly who was looking anywhere but at him. “So,” he whispered. “Are you going to invite me in?”
“Um… uh…” said Holly, her voice shaking slightly.
“You know how our security works?” I asked. He growled. “Uh, I’m just asking,” I said quickly. I watched as he looked up at the camera. It didn’t make a beeping sound to announce his entrance. Tristan laughed, and I winced as the tingling sensation washed over me. Holly gasped and took another step away. “I guess you should have stayed in the van with us,” I said slowly.
“I guess you’ll have to manually enter me in,” he said. He took a step forward, and Holly took another step away from him. He looked back at her and smiled evilly.
“Avery, Adalyn, Peyton, Christian, Julia,” I called. “Come to the gate for a few.” I watched as they all walked toward us. Once they were a few feet away, I pointed to the camera. “Stare into it so it can photograph you, and then you can go and leave without sounding the alarm.” Tristan licked his lips and stepped away from the gate as they all one by one stepped outside and looked into the camera. When it was Avery’s turn, the alarm blared as he walked to the gate, about to step out. Ow. “Shit,” I said. I blinked as Tristan and Avery dropped to the ground. “What the fuck?” I spluttered. In a blur, Avery was outside, but the alarm was still blaring. Tristan and Avery both hissed wildly. Adalyn came over to me.
“There heighten senses are way more acute than ours,” she said.
“Fucking tell me about it,” I said. A few seconds later, the alarm was finally shut off, and my ears were ringing and a little painful. I sighed in relief. I glanced toward Tristan and Avery. They slowly sat up and I blinked. Their eyes were filled with thirst. “Motherfucker,” I swore. “All humans inside the gate now.” Peyton grabbed Christian and pulled him inside. In a blurring speed, Tristan grabbed her, but the alarm went off again. He growled and quickly let her go. The alarm cut off a few seconds later. Then Trynnadon, Eric, James, and Callan were there. Trynnadon pulled Peyton through and looked at me questioningly. “Their acute senses are way more heighten than ours,” I said. “What took you so long to turn the damn thing off?”
“Wesley had to run to his little control room,” said Trynnadon. “He’s coming out,” he said and pointed behind me.
“Oh, fuck my life,” said Wesley as he came to a stop by us. “I’m going to get my throat ripped out here.” He played with the strap of the camera. Tristan and Avery both snarled, their eyes dilating, but didn’t move any closer.
“Step out,” said Trynnadon.
“But—”
“You’re not going out alone,” Trynnadon interrupted. He gestured to Eric. “Take position on his other side,” he said to him. I watched as the three stepped out, Avery and Tristan were on the move. Before they can reach Wesley, they both went down as the mental attack hit them hard. They screamed and writhed. Tristan hand shot out and grabbed Wesley by the ankle and would have fallen if Eric wasn’t holding on to him. He hissed as Tristan’s grip tightened. “James, join us.” As another mental attack joined the other two, Tristan screamed, but didn’t let go. I glanced toward Avery, and he was out cold.
“Wes, can you get a snapshot of Avery? He’s down for the count,” I said. Wesley nodded. A bright light flashed as he took a picture. Tristan hissed and groaned as the light blinded him. I finally stepped out and bent down, trying to pry his fingers from Wesley. “Callan, mind blasting him too?” As another mental attack hit him, I wrenched his hand away. I gasped as Tristan grabbed me and pulled me hard to the ground. Fuck, why was it always me? Still screaming and groaning in pain, I watched as Tristan latched his mouth on my wrist. The pain was tremendous. My vision blurred. Hell, I am going to die. Another bright light flashed and Tristan growled in pain.
“I have them both,” said Wesley.
“Don’t let Tristan go,” I yelled. “He’s going to tear me to pieces.” Tristan’s eyes flashed, and I was out.

PEYTON

Holy hell, I watched, frozen to the spot as Tristan drank greedily while at the same time under mental attack. Blood was spilling from his mouth as he tried to drink and not scream out in pain. I stood there frozen by the sight and by Tristan’s hunger that was hitting me in waves. It felt like a stomach ache from not having enough food in you. Well, that’s the best I could describe it. I tightened my grip on my brother’s hand and pulled as Trynnadon pointed toward the house, signaling us humans to get inside. We followed Holly to the door and went through the opened door. I shivered as the cold breeze hit me as Callan flashed in the room. “Take them to the lower level and close the door,” he said to Holly. “Shit is going to hit the fan when Avery wakes up and Tristan is not finish. I’ll be down there in a minute,” he said and disappeared farther into the house.
“Okay,” she said sighing. “Let’s go before we all bleed to death, literally.”
“Technically, we are on lockdown,” said Gabriella. They led us through another door that led into the main house. We quickly went downstairs and the door slammed shut on its own accord. Callan was already down there.
“Peyton, Jane, and Alyssa, come here,” he said once we were all down there. I let go of Christian’s hand and slowly approached him. “Alyssa, I assume you have enough brain to know when to shoot this and not too?”
“What is that?” she asked.
“This is a stun gun. It’s filled with eight hundred milligrams of tranquilizer. This can kill a human in an instant, do you understand?” She nodded. “I’m trusting you not to shoot yourself or any other human down here,” he said and handed her the gun. She took it gingerly. He looked at me. “Peyton, can I trust you as well?” I nodded. He took out another gun from the box and handed it to me. I took it. It felt cool in my hand and a little heavy.
“Do I get one too?” Jane asked eagerly.
“I have something else for you, actually.” He opened another box and brought out what looked like a taser. “This is not a toy for you to play with, do you understand?”
“Yes.” He pressed the taser into her hand.
“This has a thousand volts of electricity. This will kill you, do you understand?” She nodded. He removed his hand. “Do you see the red button?” She nodded. “You pressed that only when Tristan or Avery is going to bite you, understood?” She nodded for a third time. “I mean it, only when you’re about to get bitten then you can press the little red button and make sure that you point it away from you.”
“I’ll remember, I promise.”
He patted her on the head. “Good girl.” He looked at Alyssa. “I'm trusting you to keep an eye on her as well. Of course, you don’t need me to tell you that.” He turned his head to look at the rest who were down here with us. “Kara, you know what to do.” I watched as she came over and took both of the boxes and started passing it out to Gabriella, Jessica, Kallie, Abby, and Holly. “Give one to Julia and tell her how it works.” He turned to look at me, Jane, and Alyssa. “You’re probably wondering why I gave these dangerous devices to you.” He cleared his throat. “You three have the most delicious blood scent.”
“I do?” I asked.
“Yes, you do.”
“They’re likely to come for us first,” I said.
“Exactly,” he said and smiled. “Fill in your brother on what’s happening. He’s about to combust,” he said and disappeared. I heard the door clicked and a lock sliding in place.
I walked back to my brother. He started signing rapidly. I put a hand on his shoulder and started to sign everything that happened so far. Once I was done, I went over to the wall and leaned against it, my hand constantly going to my pocket where the gun was. I finally looked around the room. The adults were standing guard by the door, both gun and taser in hand. The room looked more like a living room although there were no couches or TV, or tables, or any breakable items around. “So, is this room meant to be some kind of a safe room?” I asked.
“Yep,” said Kara.
“Where’s Deetra, Jenkins, Warren, and Wesley?”
“Deetra and Jenkins are in the infirmary, and Wesley is probably in his control room, and I have no clue where Warren might be.” I nodded. “Let’s hope that all of us come out of this alive.” She laughed. “Very unlikely.” She stiffened. “Oh shit, I think it’s starting.” I pulled out my gun while at the same time, Alyssa reached for hers, and we got ready for whatever was coming. “Fingers away from the triggers,” she said. Jane’s taser was already in her hand. “Jane, you remember what Callan said?” Kara asked. She nodded. “Good.” I moved away from the wall, and I signaled for my brother to get behind me. “Oh fuck, they’re heading this way,” she whimpered.
“All of them?” I asked. She nodded. I heard a loud impact, and I screamed. Luckily, I wasn’t the only one. I pushed my brother to a corner, by Lily and them. “Don’t let them down here,” I muttered. I winced as I heard grunts and growling from upstairs. I screamed again as the lights went out. I couldn’t see shit now, damn it. “We’re dead meat,” I yelled. Jane and Lily were shrieking their heads off. I, on the other hand was gasping for air. I was holding my stomach with one hand, trying to lessen the tingling sensation. Wow, being a vampire must really suck. I groaned as the tingling grew worse. I’m supposed to feel hungry instead of this scary ass feeling. I didn’t know who I was feeling, Tristan, Avery, or both, or all the vampires.
“Oh hell,” Abby gasped. They all moved away from the door, knowing what was about to happened. “Back up,” she shouted over all the screaming. Before we could back up any farther, the door flew open. My finger automatically went to the trigger, and I pulled it. It hit Tristan in the leg and he hissed. Another round from somewhere got him in the chest. He snarled as round after round of tranquilizer hit him from all direction. His hand shot out and grabbed Jane. She screamed and kicked him while pressing the button on the taser. He screamed and let her go. Alyssa quickly pulled her away. In a blur, Trynnadon was on him, a taser in his hand. Where the hell was Avery? We all stood frozen as Trynnadon shock the hell out of Tristan. His scream turned into a snarl. Tristan gave out one agonizing scream, and then he was still. Heavy silence filled the room. I was waiting for him to wake up, but that wasn’t the case two three minutes later. Trynnadon slowly got off of him and waited.
“Let’s take him to the infirmary,” he said to the other vampires. They nodded and came over cautiously. “After he has a few pints of blood in him, we’ll throw him in the isolation room along with Avery.” He turned to look at the rest of us. “The rest of you stay down here until one of us sound the bell for all clear, got it?” We all nodded. He nodded to Kara and carried Tristan back upstairs with help from the others. Holly slammed the door shut and blew out a long breath.
“Hand over your weapons,” she said. I walked over and dropped mine in the box. The others did the same. “Anybody hurt?”
“Nope, I’m good,” I said. I looked around, everybody else was fine, but Jane was rubbing her wrist every now and then. “Wow, I am so not going to be alone with him ever again,” I muttered.
“You’ll have to someday,” said Holly.
“I know that,” I grumbled. I went back to the wall and sat down. It was now all quiet, apart from the panting and occasional squeaks from Jane.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eighteen

“Wake up. You’ve been asleep for like ten hours now.” Ten hours, for real? I felt like shit. I tried to say something, but couldn’t. I couldn’t open my eyes or move. “You’re awake.” Through the numbness, I felt Adalyn coming closer to me. “Can you open your eyes?” she asked. She sounded so far away, but yet, she was like a foot away. “We tried to feed you all types of blood from the blood bank, but you keep throwing it up.” Great, just great. I wonder why I wasn’t starving though. “You’re not?” Oh, get out of my head. She laughed. “This is the only way I can get an answer from you. Now, would you open your eyes?” I mentally hit her. I can’t. “Oh shit, Tristan is coming,” she whispered. No, no, no, I shouted in my head. I heard Adalyn gasped, and I felt a cold breeze as she quickly moved away. “What are you doing here?” she asked. He didn’t answer. I felt him coming over. Adalyn made a sound in her throat. “What are you going to do to her?” A rippled of energy filled the room. “Okay, okay, I’ll shut up.”
“I, was wondering, if you were ever, going to wake up at all,” he said, his voice was raspy and very chilling. I heard Adalyn swallowing hard. I felt a burning sensation coming over me. Oh fuck, please don’t let me feel this. “Open your eyes.” I did. I opened my eyes to find Tristan towering over me. The lights were off, and I was grateful for it. “I nearly killed you today.” I gulped, and I felt one of my fingers twitched. I knew I could now move, but I didn’t. I was afraid I might make that burning feeling worse. “I would have, but my better sense got the best of me.” I gasped as the pain grew worse. Tristan went around to the head of the bed and pressed the button that would put me into a sitting position. “Do you want to feel the full force of your pain?”
“No,” I gasped. “Please no.” He laughed, and my spine crawled. The burning sensation lessened a little, enough for me to breathe normal at least. I looked down at myself. There was no blood on me.
“I got the chance to see you naked,” he said.
“What?” I spluttered.
“It was a good sight.”
“What?” I gasped. He laughed, and I shivered.
“You wouldn’t be coherent if I let this pain take you over.”
“Well, can I kick your ass while I’m alert and aware then?”
He chuckled. “You can, if you don’t fall first.”
I groaned. “Can I please take a road trip inside your head?” I begged.
“Definitely not.”
“Why am I not starving like I’m supposed to?”
He sighed. “I think you can figure that out for yourself.” I could hear him unwrapping something. He came back to the side of the bed with a needle in his hand. I blinked. “Don’t worry, it’s not poison.”
“What are you going to do with that?”
“I am going to stick you to death if you keep talking. You’re making my head hurt more than it already is.” He took my arm and tried to draw my blood, nothing came out. He let my arm go and went to the counter and wrote something down. He came back to where I was, and I could feel a cold breeze radiating from him this time. I gasped as his cold hand went under my chin and lift my head to look at him. I was surprised to see red in his eyes. That was the first. He smiled at my surprise look. “Don’t get to excited, it won’t last for another minute. They just happen to pump a shitload of blood in me.” He laughed. “You know how many blood Jenkins have on hand?” he asked. I shook my head. “Allot, and I mean a lot. It would make a huge emergency room jealous.” He brought his other hand up and put his wrist to my mouth. “Now, drink up or I’ll force you.” I didn’t bite him, I just stared at him. “I’ll give you three seconds, and if you don’t bite me… I’ll make sure that you do.” I pulled away from him, but his other hand that was on my throat came up to the back of my head. I felt my stomach tightening with hunger and I groaned. “Do it.” The air was sucked out of me as my hunger hit me full force. I hissed and sank my fangs in him. “That’s more like it,” he said, and I felt the hunger going away. “Don’t stop until I say so.” I growled at him. Tristan’s blood felt like it was fizzing in my mouth. I kept on drinking for what felt like forever. “Enough,” he finally said and removed his hand from my head. He pulled his wrist away and licked the remaining blood off. I noticed that my strength was coming back, and I could think more clearly. I was also very hungry. “Don’t thank me.”
“Thanks,” I said anyways.
“You’re choice, hunting, or go straight to a refrigerator filled with blood bags, or should I snatch one of the humans here and bring them to you?”
“Don’t snatch them, but bring one of them to me.” He went to the door and muttered something that sounded like, “Boring.” Adalyn didn’t move until the door closed.
“I thought he was going to kill you,” she said.
“I think he would kill me in a split second if he wanted to,” I said. “What time is it anyways?”
“A little after midnight.”
“Where’s Avery?”
“He’s out hunting.”
“You didn’t go with him?”
“He told me to stay with you.”
“You didn’t have to.”
“I know.” She looked toward the door. “He has Warren with him.” She got up and went to open the door. Tristan came through the door, Warren right behind him. “The other humans are asleep?” she asked.
“Yes, they are, but Peyton is probably wide awake. She stirred when I passed her.” He moved behind Warren and led him over to me. I noticed his eyes were out of focus. I took hold of Warren’s mind. “Let me know when you’re done,” he said and left the room with Adalyn following behind.
“You won’t feel any pain,” I said to Warren as I pulled him to me. I put my mouth to his throat and bit down hard. After a few mouthfuls, I withdrew my fangs and licked the wound closed. “Go back to what you were doing before Tristan came and got you,” I said and he nodded. I let him go and he stumbled to the door and opened it. I watched as he went out and disappeared around the corner, and then Adalyn appeared in the doorway.
“You are to come with me,” she said.
“Where?”
“Outside.” I got up and followed her to the front porch… or the outer part of the house but still inside. Every single light were off. Usually there’s one or two on. “Tristan blew out the lights.”
“Oh, wonderful.”
“There’s a vampire outside, she claims to know you.”
“Who?”
“No idea. She wants to see you.” I walked outside with Adalyn behind me. I could see the shadowy figure at the gate. I walked over and open it and stepped out. I frowned as I got closer to her. I didn’t recognize her. I had a bad feeling as she approached me. I stopped a foot in front of her. She smiled.
“I was hoping to meet with you alone,” she whispered.
“Who are you?” I asked.
“That’s not important at the moment.”
“Why did you want to meet with me?”
“Because I was told to—” I watched as she dropped to the ground, clutching her head. She screamed and screamed. It echoed in the night. She curled up into a ball and screamed some more. “Stop it,” she gasped. I turned to look at Adalyn. She shook her head. I turned back to the vampire. She writhed and screamed her head off. “Let me go,” she shrieked. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” She groaned. It looked like she was talking to herself. “No,” she shrieked. “I’m not with them anymore. I was trying to help her,” she gasped. She cried out in pain. “I swear,” she pleaded. “I know someone who can back me up.” She screamed again. Adalyn and I watched as the air was sucked out of her. She tried to breathe in air that wasn’t there. She coughed as the air was returned to her. “I’m not,” she said between each painful gasps. “I swear, I’m telling you the truth.” The night rippled as a shadowy blur came into view. She screamed again, this time, it was the scream of terror. Adalyn and I gasped as Tristan stood over her. “Oh. My. God,” she whispered. “It can’t be you.” She gulped. “I swear I played no part in it.” She cringed as he reached down and jerked her up. She let out another scream. He put his mouth by her ear and whispered, “You failed,” and punched through her chest, pulling out her heart, and then dropping her to the ground. Adalyn and I let out a small scream. Blood pooled around her. Tristan was still holding the beating heart in his hand. I watched as the heart caught on fire and then he bent down, putting the heart back in her. He didn’t remove his hand until her whole body was on fire. I heard a whistle behind me. I turned around. Trynnadon was staring at Tristan in wonderment. I coughed as the smell of burning flesh hit me. Trynnadon shook his head.
“I admire you, You ruthless motherfucker,” he muttered. He shook his head again. “Donnica, Adalyn, come on. I think Avery can take over for a few minutes while Tristan cleans up, and before he decides to make a bonfire that includes us.” Adalyn and I followed Trynnadon back through the gate and back inside. “Wait here,” he said as he stopped just before entering the second door that led to the main house. Adalyn and I nodded as he went inside. A few minutes later, I heard the door opened and Avery stepped inside. “I was just about to radio you,” Trynnadon called out. Avery grunted and slammed the door shut behind him. The door in front of me also slammed shut a second later.
“You can turn around,” said Avery. Adalyn and I turned to face him across the room. He leaned against the door and stared at me thoughtfully. “First of all, what part of this house is armed with sensitive alarm?” he asked.
“Just the gate,” I said. “Actually, the whole place has alarm, but it won’t go off unless you try to break in or something.” He nodded. “Sorry about earlier, we didn’t know that was going to happen.”
He nodded. “Anything else you need to tell me? Like—” Out of nowhere, a loud bell sounded once. Avery winced. “Like that, what was that all about?”
“It’s an all clear signal,” I said.
He narrowed his eyes. “Interesting.” He tilted his head and moved away from the door. A second later, it flew open. Tristan came in and scanned the room. The door shut again, and I pointed to another door which was a bathroom, his hands were still covered in blood. He eyed the door a little longer and then he willed it open. I heard the water coming on as he walked to the bathroom. “So where should we start?”
“How about giving me a break?” I asked, giving him a little smile.
“You? Break? You can only have a break when your head is halfway decapitated.”
“Ouch.” He chuckled. “How about—” I stopped as Tristan came out and went to stand beside his brother.
“Go on,” Tristan said, giving me a little smirk.
“How about mental,” I said. I held my breath and waited for the first mental attack to come. Adalyn moved away from me, going over to stand on the other side of Avery. I frowned at her. She laughed and shook her head.
“Really?” Avery asked. He was looking at me with too much interest. “We don’t get to fight this first time round?”
“No,” I said.
He sighed. “Fine.” I winced as he broke down my shield and slipped into my mind. Weak, he mentally said to me.
“You’re supposed to tell me when we’re starting,” I grumbled.
“You’re supposed to be ready at all times.”
“Whatever.” I took a deep breath and hit him with all the strength I got in me. He hissed and his mental hold broke. Yay, go me.
“Well, let’s try that again, this time with less energy on your part.” Tristan pulled the door opened and stepped out. “Hey, where are you going?”
“I need to bleed someone,” Tristan said, closing the door before Avery could get another word in.
“Wow, is he ever satisfied?” I asked.
“No, he’s not,” said Avery. He once again slipped into my mind. I sighed and pushed him out. He laughed. “Next time, I’ll catch you unaware and then we’ll see how you do.”
I groaned. “Fine.”

PEYTON

Half awake, I stumbled into the bathroom, only registering that someone stuck an unwrapped toothbrush in my hand. Now what on earth woke me up in the first place? I ripped opened the wrapper and tossed it in the garbage. I rubbed my eyes, clearing my vision, and looked around. I gave out a little squeak as I saw Trynnadon standing behind me in the mirror. I took a deep breath and turned on the water. In the mirror, I eyed the toothpaste in his hand as I wetted the toothbrush. He smiled and set the toothpaste on the side of the sink and left the bathroom. I took the tube and uncapped it. Squeezing a little on the toothbrush, I started to do the everyday task of brushing my teeth and washing my face. Once done, I closed the toothpaste and wonder where I should put the thing. Making up my mind, I slid both the toothbrush and the toothpaste into a corner of the sink. I switched off the light and exited the bathroom. Alyssa and Jane were awake as well, although barely. Jane yawned and stretched. She eagerly got up and walked toward me since I was blocking the way into the bathroom. I sidestep her as she stopped to take an unwrapped toothbrush from Trynnadon. She went inside and shut the door. I could hear her muttering something about sleep and vampires. “What time is it?” I asked Trynnadon.
“A little after eight.” I groaned. I felt sluggish and so not awake. He laughed. “You’ll be wide awake in a little bit,” he said, setting the box of toothbrush on the floor. He patted me on the head as he passed. “Come upstairs when you’re ready.”
“What’s going to happen once we get up there?” Alyssa asked sleepily.
“No idea,” I said, sighing heavily.
“Tell Jane to hurry up.”
“I heard that,” Jane said, opening the door and coming out. Alyssa got up and snatched one of the toothbrushes and went into the bathroom, slamming the door.
“Aren’t we all cranky this morning.” I turned my head to find Abby standing at the top of the stairs. “There’s breakfast in the kitchen.”
“You guys go on,” said Alyssa. “I’ll be there in a minute.” Jane and I went up the stairs and followed Abby to the kitchen. The kitchen was in semi-darkness. Heavy curtains blocked out most of the sun. I plopped down in a chair and pulled a plate of bacon and sausages toward me and dug in. I glanced around, and in the darkest corner of the kitchen where the sunlight didn’t penetrate; I could see Tristan watching me as I ate. I shivered, remembering the last time I saw him, trying to bite my head off. It was a minute later that Alyssa joined us.
“I need my coffee fix,” she muttered as she pulled her plate of food toward her.
“You like it strong?” Abby asked. She nodded. “A cup of coffee coming your way then.” I finished up my breakfast and got up from the table. I looked at Jane and Alyssa, and then at Tristan. He smiled and stepped from the shadows.
“Outside,” he whispered to me. I walked out of the kitchen and toward the door that led out into the hall that separate the house from other parts that I had no clue about. I opened it and stepped out. I turned right and walked through the two opened doors, cold wind blew through the doorway, although it wasn’t as cold as Colorado. “Walk around back.” When I got there, Trynnadon was there, leaning against the backdoor.
“Good morning, Peyton.” He looked at Tristan. “You know, she could’ve come out the backdoor instead of walking all the way here.”
“Right, but being the asshole that I am, I love building tension.”
“Sure you do,” Trynnadon said, and in a blur his hand shot out. I squeaked and dodged him. I ducked and ran. I didn’t get far, a hard hit on my back sent me falling forward, my hands hitting the asphalt hard. Ouch, and Trynnadon was on me, pinning me. My arms gave way under me and I laid there catching my breath. “You’re bleeding,” he whispered in my ear. Damn it, now he said that, I noticed a little stinging pain on my hands. Trynnadon got off of me, pulling me up with him. “Nice dodging,” he said, taking one of my hands and flipping it over. His tongue flickered out, and I tried to pull my hand away. He bent his head and licked the blood off. He took the other hand and did the same thing. I stepped back, only to be stopped by Tristan who was standing behind me. He wrapped his arms around me, backing me away from Trynnadon. “Sorry, I didn’t feel like sharing.” Tristan glared at him and stuck a mini bottle of sanitizer in my hand.
“Clean up,” Tristan hissed. Uh oh, thirsty vampire was never a good thing. I quickly cleaned my hands and broke away from Tristan.
“What are we doing?” Jane asked from the doorway.
“I’m going to see how you girls handle things,” Tristan hissed. “Come on out here, sweetheart. I promise I won’t bite… much.” Jane glanced behind her at Alyssa.
“If he tries to bite you, I’ll break a chair over his head,” she said, giving Jane a nudge. They both came outside and the door slammed shut behind them. I stared at Tristan. He was trying not to laugh.
“Oh, Alyssa, what would she do without you?” I asked.
She smiled. “I don’t know, and I don’t want to find out anytime soon.”
“Anytime soon?” Tristan asked, inclining his head. “Come here, Jane.” She slowly walked over and stopped about two feet away from him. He sighed and before she could run, he snatched her. She screamed and punched and kicked him. He whispered something to her and she stopped trying to get free. He was still whispering something in her ear. Alyssa and I went over and tried to make out what he was saying. Not picking up anything, I gave up and waited patiently. I watched as Jane went very still, and all of a sudden she was focusing very hard on something. I frowned as she broke out in sweat, her eyes were wide, and she was clutching Tristan like he was the last thing on earth to save her from an explosion. She stiffened and gasped. Tristan put her down, but she grabbed his hand and squeezed. He licked his lips as Jane looked to the sky, her jaws clenched. He bent down and whispered something else to her and then he pried his hand out of her and stepped back, taking Alyssa and me with him. Out of nowhere, the wind picked up, and it was gaining speed.
“What the hell?” I stared at Jane intently. I shook my head. “No way.” I watched in amazement as Jane and Tristan went at it, wind versus wind. It was power clashing time, yay!


* * * * * *



Chapter Nineteen

“Holy shit!” Alyssa spluttered. I couldn’t even get a word out. I was too dumbstruck to speak. I don’t know how long I stood there, but I jumped as Tristan’s hands came down on my shoulders.
“You’re next,” he whispered in my ear. He spun me around to face him. I stiffened. He whispered something to Trynnadon, and then he turned his attention back to me. In my peripheral vision, I saw Trynnadon pulling Alyssa away from Jane. Listen to me, he said in my head. I gave a small squeak in surprise. Oh, no squeaking now. Do I have to? Yes, you do. Now relax. I took a deep breath and willed myself to relax. Good. Now, summon up all your energy. Let it build until you can’t hold it any longer. I closed my eyes and focused on my breathing. You have fire, Peyton. What? You heard me. Now, I want you to imagine yourself having a fireball in your hands. I opened my eyes and stared up at Tristan. He frowned at me. Hold out your hands, palms up. I did as he said. Go for it, when you finally create a fireball for me. We’ll have a fire fight. Concentrate, once you get it to work a few times, it will be a piece of cake. Oh, uh, don’t wanna burn anyone. He smiled at me. The only things you’ll be burning are trees. I frowned. He sighed. I won’t let you burn anything living and breathing. Go on; let’s see how big of a fireball you can make. I stared at my palms and imagine a ball of flame. Nothing happened. I concentrated even harder, and I could feel my eyes heating up. I looked up at Tristan. He took off his sunglasses and blinked at me. He slipped them back on and bent down. “Your eyes are orange,” he whispered. He straightened up and continued to watch me. I blinked and I could feel the heat dissipating. Hey, I didn’t say to stop. I like to see orange eyes, not brown. I took another deep breath and stared at my palms. Again, still no luck. I concentrated so hard that I was shaking slightly and panting, and my vision blurred. Hell, I felt like passing out at any moment. I shook my head and oh, the world started to spin. I fell backward, and it felt like forever going down. Quick as lightning, Tristan caught me and held me tightly against him. I closed my eyes and rested my head in his arm. I groaned as he rubbed my back. Wow, I was a lot more tired than I thought. “Focus on your breathing,” he softly said to me. “Steady breaths, in and out.” I breathed through my nose and let it out slowly through my mouth. I did this several times before I started to feel a little better.
“She okay?” Trynnadon asked.
“She’ll be fine. Hmm, on second thought, she could use a nice cold bottle of water.” Oh, please… I groaned. I pulled slightly away from Tristan and opened my eyes. Yep, the world stopped spinning. I sighed in relief. Trynnadon came out with a couple of water bottles. He handed one to me and when Tristan let me go, I practically snatched it out of his hand.
“Thanks,” I said, twisting the top off and gulping the water down like I never had water in days. Tristan patted my back and moved away from me.
“You can have a break… if you want to.” I nodded and sat down on the ground. Jane came over and sat down beside me.
“You look like you were going to pass out.”
“Don’t remind me,” I grumbled.
She laughed. “I’m not.” She got up and ran across the yard where Tristan, Trynnadon, and Alyssa were. I finished up my water bottle and crushed it. I got up and tossed it in the trash beside the door. I walked over to stand by Tristan. I waited quietly as he worked with Alyssa. A few minutes later, he turned to me and smiled, showing a hint of his fangs.
“Are you good for another round?” he asked. I nodded. He moved me away from Alyssa. Several yards separated us. “Same as before,” he said, moving away from me. “Pay attention to your breathing as well.” I nodded. I felt him slipped into my mind again. I put out my hands, palms up, and stared at it, imagining fireballs flickering. I could feel a tingling sensation building up in my hands. Taking a deep breath for the millionth time, I willed myself to make a fireball. Minutes? Seconds? I don’t know how long I stared at my hands, but all of a sudden, I could see a small fire. It glowed bright orange, and it was growing bigger as I watched. I bit my lower lip, trying to hold back my panic.
“Oh, shit!” Alyssa gasped. “If you burn my hair, I will kill you.”
“I won’t,” I said. I saw Tristan’s hand a second later, squishing my fireball into candle size. “Hey, why you do that for?”
“Increase it and decrease it,” he said.
“Um, how?”
“It’s all in the head.” I looked at my mini fire and willed it to grow bigger. It did. I smiled as I willed the fire back to candle size. “Good. Now go stand over there,” he said, pointing to an opened space. “Practice on making it bigger and then smaller. Once you got that down… or rather once I think you got it down good, you can move on to throwing it in the air. I’ll be back with you once I get your friend over here,” he gesture toward Alyssa. “To make ice out of nothing.”
“Can I join her?” Jane asked eagerly.
“Yes, stay far away from each other though. Oh, and Jane? Try to create a whirlwind.”
“Yes, sir,” she said, as she ran to the spot Tristan pointed out.
“And Peyton? If you burn her, I will drain you dry.”
I whimpered. “I won’t, I swear.” Tristan smiled coldly at the both of us before turning back to Trynnadon and Alyssa. I turned and walked toward Jane, her hair blowing in her own breeze.
“So, can you make cold wind?” I asked.
“Cold wind?” she asked.
“Yeah, like, can you make a blizzard wind?”
“No, not yet at least.”
I nodded. “Move away, I don’t want Tristan chomping on me.” I quickly looked at Tristan. I could’ve sworn I saw him smiling at me. Jane laughed and moved as far as she could from me. She smiled and a gust of wind came at me. She laughed harder when I almost fell. “Oh, I’m so gonna get you for that,” I warned her.
“Really?” she asked tauntingly.
“Yep.” I sighed. “As soon as I get my fire under control.”
“Your turn, let’s see what you can do with those fireballs.”
“Ah…” I hesitated. “I can’t do anything yet. I can only hold it in one place.”
“Well, show me,” she said eagerly. “Or I’ll do this.” A breeze lifted my hair, making me shiver slightly.
I sighed and backed away a little farther from Jane. “Okay, here goes nothing.” I closed my eyes for a brief second and then opened it. Staring at my hands, I willed the fire to life. It was actually easier this time, but it kept on growing bigger, little by little. Oh shit, if I didn’t shrink it soon, I was in trouble. Don’t panic, I told myself and willed the damn fire to go down. It didn’t. How the hell did I do it the last time? “Um… uh…” A blue streak of something touched the fire and it went out. I blinked. “What the…?”
“Try again,” Tristan called out to me.
“Wow, did you see what he did?” Jane asked.
I shook my head. “I only saw something blue surrounding my fire.”
“He lifted his hand toward you and something blue shot out of his hand and sped toward your fire. It was cool. Go for it, try again.”
“Okay then.” I grumbled and looked at my hands again. I willed the fire to life and stared at it in concentration. I closed my eyes for a second and then I imagined myself blowing the fire out. I groaned as nothing happened. I heard Tristan laughing in my head. He came over to me, his eyes on the fire. I noticed that it stopped growing. It didn’t go down either.
“Strike two, Peyton,” he said, still staring at the fire. “Go ahead; try to make your fire smaller.” I groaned. He smiled. “Practice takes time, sweetheart.”
“Whatever,” I grumbled. I saw Avery walking toward us. He stopped beside Tristan and nodded to him.
“Avery will work with you while I’m with Alyssa. Hopefully you have better luck at it with him,” he said and touched my fire again, and it went out. I rubbed my hands together, trying to get rid of the creepy tingling sensation I got every time a vampire touched me. I wonder if I was the only one that gets the tingling sensations and the danger-keep-away feeling. Tristan smiled knowingly at me. He turned and walked off. You’re not the only one, he hissed in my head. I jumped slightly at the sound of his voice. Avery laughed.
“Hey, not funny. It’s freaky,” I said to him. He went around to stand behind me. I shivered.
“Don’t worry, I don’t do sneak attacks, that’s Tristan’s job,” Avery said, with a little humor in his voice.
I laughed. “Yeah right, wanna try that again?”
“I have a better idea.”
“Oh really?”
“Yes, show me your fire, how about that?”
“Damn it. I can’t make it small when it’s big,” I whined.
“Oh, no whining now. Come on, show me.”
“Okay, fine.” I sighed and for the millionth time, I willed the fire to life. I focused and concentrated, imagining the fire growing smaller and smaller little by little. I widened my eyes as the fire slowly went down.
Avery laughed. “Good, now make it bigger.” Imagining the fire growing bigger, I watched as it burst into a huge flame. I silently screamed and it slowly made its way to Jane. She screamed and took several steps back. Freezing cold air surrounded me. The sizzling of the fire was loud in my ears. From nowhere, cold water rained down and soaked me. The fire went out and I rubbed the water out of my eyes to find all three vampires standing around me. I didn’t dare try to break the heavy silence. I couldn’t see where Jane and Alyssa were.
“Tell me. How did you do that?” Tristan asked.
I gulped. “I don’t know,” I said very quickly. “I just imagined it growing bigger.” I automatically rubbed my stomach as I felt a hunger that definitely wasn’t my own. It was always there, but this time, it was worse.
Tristan smiled. “Sorry,” he said, his eyes focusing on my hand. I stopped rubbing but didn’t drop it. “A sudden unexpected change of focus… gets me… going. I guess you can say.”
“I know, I read up on my vampirology.”
He laughed darkly. “Good for you.” He turned to Avery. “Thanks for melting the ice,” he said and turned back to me.
“You’re welcome,” said Avery.
“So… up to you, you want to continue? Or not?”
“Um…” I hesitated for a second. “Yeah, I’ll continue.”
“Okay, you can stop anytime, you know.”
“I know. I want to master this.
“Nice to hear, because there is a reason behind it. I didn’t just do this for fun,” he whispered, and walked off before I could ask him to tell me more.

ALYSSA

I stood in the shade of trees, still shivering from the freezing cold air. Jane was huddled up beside me. I was warming up, but it wasn’t even fast enough. From a distance, I could barely see Tristan walking toward us. Uh oh, those eyes were burning. Jane stiffened beside me as he got closer. I was surprised he wasn’t using his vampiric speed. Jane stood up when Tristan was ten feet or so from us. She glanced at me nervously. He gave her an evil smile as he stopped in front of us. She gripped my arm, and I winced. He chuckled and ran a finger through her hair. “I’m not going to hurt you,” he softly said to her. “Let your sister go.” He bent down and whispered something I couldn’t make out. He straightened up, and I turned to look at Jane. She was trying not to laugh. She let go of my arm, and I could feel the blood back in circulation, and I could feel Tristan’s eyes on me. He shook his head and moved away. “Come on let’s join Peyton and the rest.” Jane and I followed as he led us back to where we were before the fire almost singed one of us. “Jane, go over to Trynnadon. Tell him he has to watch you try to blow him away.” I looked across the yard. Trynnadon was giving Tristan the ‘I can hear every single word you’re saying look. Tristan smiled at him as Jane made her way toward him. “And you…” I blinked and focused my attention on Tristan. He held out a water bottle, and I took it, confused. “Freeze it.” He looked at me thoughtfully. “Go for it,” he said when I didn’t do anything. I sighed and concentrated on the bottle. Turn into ice, I thought, and a few seconds later my hand was num from the water now clearly frozen. Oh, it works when I try to freeze water just by thinking about it, but it doesn’t work when I try to create ice out of air. Hmm, I see how it is. I looked up at Tristan. He was frowning at me. He took the bottle out of my hand and gave me another one. “Let’s see that again.” I took it and did the same thing, and it turned into ice. “Hmm.”
“What?” I asked nervously. “Is my mind screwed up?”
“Yes, I mean no.”
I frowned at him. “Yes or no?”
He chuckled. “No.” I handed him the bottle and turned to watch Peyton. She was red in the face and sweating. Tristan took the bottle and followed my gaze. I winced and took several steps away from him as his creepy ass energy or whatever you call it washed over me. I shivered and concentrated on staying put rather than bolting. I coughed as the smoke wafted toward me. Uh oh, the fire was coming at me again. Oh boy, I coughed again and ran. I could hear Jane catching up to me. I didn’t stop running until we were in the front yard.
“Wow, I think she’s trying to kill us,” Jane panted behind me.
“I think the fire is trying to kill her,” I said, still out of breath. I looked around. No one followed us, interesting… Jane touched my hand and turned it to see the time on my watch. I glanced at it too. It was… already five in the afternoon. For real? I guess time flies when you are determined on accomplishing something. I looked up as the door opened and Brianna came out. “Hey Bri,” I said as she wheeled herself to where we were standing.
“Hi,” she breathed. “James sent me to look for Trynnadon and the rest.”
I frowned. “James?”
She nodded. “He says—”
“What?” I asked when she stopped talking abruptly. She pointed behind me. I turned around and watched as Peyton, Avery, Trynnadon, and Tristan walked over to us. Peyton was soaked again and she was shivering violently. I turned back to Bri. She shuddered as all the vampires stopped in front of her.
“Er… ah…” Brianna cleared her throat and looked up at the three vampires. “James says he has a lead on Dev,” she said. “Donnica is with him. They want all vampires in the ah… tech lab.”
“Can I go inside now?” Peyton asked the moment Brianna was done talking. “I’m going to freeze in my cold wet ass clothes.” The three vampires stepped away from Bri and Trynnadon nodded.
“Can somebody push me in,” Brianna grumbled.
I nodded and pushed her inside. “Anywhere you like to go?” I asked.
“Wherever the vampires will be at.”
Trynnadon chuckled. “Tech lab is where we’ll be at.”
“Well, I’ll meet you there then,” Peyton said, going through the door on the left instead of the right where everybody else was heading. I stopped as I realized that I couldn’t push Bri down the stairs and kill her.
“I’ll slide down,” Brianna said, unbuckling her seatbelt.
“Oh no you’re not,” Trynnadon said, stopping her from pushing herself out of her chair.
“But Jenkins taught me how to do it.”
“Did he now?” He lifted her out of the chair and she squeaked. “Oh relax. I’m not going to drop you, or bite you.” He moved the chair to the corner and down the stairs we went. I always wonder where this door led to, if I could look around… that is. From what I could see as we made our way to the tech lab, there wasn’t much down here. The glass door slid opened as we rounded the corner. James, Donnica, Adalyn, Eric, Callan, and Wesley were all in there, looking at one of the monitors. Wesley wheeled around as we entered.
“Nice toys you got here,” Tristan said, going closer to have a better look. “What do we have here?” He stared intently at the monitor where a group of vampires were gathered, hoods were covering all their faces except for one.
“That’s Dev right?” Brianna asked, staring at the one we could all see, interesting why he didn’t have anything covering his face like the rest of his cronies. No one answered her, but I could bet a billion dollars that Bri was right.
“Enlarge that,” Trynnadon said, pointing at something the unmasked one was holding and staring at it like a prize to behold. Wesley hit the many buttons on his panel, severing whatever from the hand. I blinked as that whatever turned out to be a photograph. It filled up the whole screen, talk about a movie effect. I was so focus on the mysterious person on the screen that I didn’t notice at first that the room went from normal temperature to a plunging freezing ass one. Okay, next time I need to be more alert of everything.
“Let me go,” Brianna suddenly yelled, fighting desperately to break away from Trynnadon. Who was that on the screen? Apparently one or all of the vampires in the room knew that person, going by the fact that the room was fifty degrees cooler. I could also probably guess the person was still alive since everything in the room was still unbroken and intact. Trynnadon finally let Bri down and I caught her. She held on to one of the tables. “Who is that?” she asked. The pale skin and pissed off black eyes told me that this was another vampire. This vampire had red hair, nice. I’m so use to seeing vampires with blond hair that I thought they all have the same color hair to begin with. I winced as Tristan turned his attention to me. Sorry sorry sorry, I thought frantically. You can’t blame me for my thinking process. I saw a flicker of a smile, but then it was gone.
“That is Ari,” Tristan said, finally answering me and Brianna.
“Who is she?” I asked.
“She is my spy,” he growled, and I could’ve sworn I saw the tables and the monitors shaking slightly. Uh oh, a warning sign for me to keep my mouth shut. Damn, let the game begin.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty

PEYTON

When I finally arrived at the tech lab, I froze as I opened the door. The cold air blasted me, the moment the door opened. I looked around, wondering what went down before I got here. My eyes finally told me what happened, part of it at least. On one of the monitors, there was a full blown image of a vampire. I remember seeing her when I was being held captive, only because on one of the days I was there, she was looking at me with… sympathy? She had red hair and bright red eyes. She also told me her name, mentally of course. Now what was that name…? Think, think. Could she also be the one that told these vampires who were now all staring at me intently? Even Brianna, Jane, and Alyssa were looking at me questioningly. Ari, was that it? A nod from Tristan told me that it was. “Come in,” Donnica finally said, breaking the silence. I walked in and went over to stand beside Alyssa. “So, you seen her before?” she asked. I nodded. “Did she say anything else to you?”
“No, all I remember is her telling me her name.” She looked thoughtful. “She told me her name and then she disappeared out the door before I could say anything.” I frowned. “Wait, I thought I saw a little nervousness in her when she looked back at me. She had a cell phone in her hand.”
“Can you get the address of that place?” Trynnadon hissed at Wesley. He winced and nodded. “Do it.” Trynnadon turned to look at Tristan. “I think that’s when you got a text from her, right?”
He nodded. “She is very good at her job. That’s why I kept her for all these years. She hasn’t failed me yet.”
“Is she… your only spy?”
Tristan laughed darkly. “Maybe. Maybe not.”
“It’s not far from here,” Wesley said, pointing at the screen.
James smiled. “I passed that place several times. I can give you the layout, from the outside. I haven’t been inside, ever.”
“I’ll put you on that,” said Trynnadon. “Get working on it as soon as you can.”
“Actually, I’ll start on it now. Callan. You tagging along?”
“Of course, knowing you, another brain might come in handy,” Callan said, following James out the door.
“Tristan?” Trynnadon looked at him.
“Don’t worry, I have… a plan in mind,” he said with that evil smile of his that held a great deal of scary ass ideas. “I’ll drop them a little… something to get the ball rolling.”
“Okay then, that makes me a little nervous, but knowing you, you can kill anyone that interferes with our plan.”
Tristan smiled coldly. “Exactly. Tell James that I want a headcount.”
“On it,” said Eric, pulling out his phone.
“Question, why don’t you guys use your radio or are you just carrying that to look professional?”
“We do, sometimes. It’s mostly for communicating with each other in a situation like this. It’s also for Kallie and them to hit us up if something’s wrong.”
“Interesting,” he said thoughtfully. “Do these three lovely girls get one?”
“They do,” Wesley said, getting up and walking over to a cabinet and opening it. He took out three radios and handed it to me. “Your code is on the back. The first three letters of your name make up the code. So, for you Peyton, the radio with a 7-3-9 is yours.” I took the first one and flipped it over. It had a 5-2-6 on the back. I handed it to Jane. The second was 2-5-9, and I gave that one to Alyssa. “So, when you want to talk to each other privately, you go to channel 2 and say the code. Your radio is always programmed to stay on channel 1 which is the all-can-hear channel. Channel 0 is for emergency only which means if… Trynnadon got shot in the head for instance you can turn to that channel to hear what’s going on.” He shot Trynnadon a nervous look.
Trynnadon laughed. “No worries, I’m not going to hurt you for using me as an example.” He relaxed slightly and went back to clicking away on one of his fifty computers.
“Do you need that many computers?” I asked.
“Sure, if you want to get views on all parts of the house and outside, you need a thousand computers,” said Wesley.
“So practically there’s nowhere to hide here?”
He laughed. “Nope, are you planning to hide something?”
“No, I was just wondering.”
“You can walk around. You didn’t get a good tour of this place, did you?” I shook my head. “Not much to see, but you might find something interesting.”
“I could go for a tour myself,” said Tristan. He looked at me, to Bri, to Alyssa, to Jane. “I guess you all are coming along.”
“All the kids can join you,” Trynnadon said, taking out his phone.
“Hmm, eight kids.” He smiled. “Wonderful, we’ll have a great time, won’t we?”
“Er… yep,” I said. Suddenly his hand was on my hand, the one that was constantly rubbing my stomach. I blinked. Hell, I didn’t even know that I was doing it anymore.
“Stop that, you’re driving me nuts.”
“Uh, sorry.”
“You’re making a habit out of it.” He removed his hand, leaving a tingling sensation behind. I shivered.
“I’m curious now,” I said. “Am I the only one that has this feeling?”
“Alyssa will die to protect you.”
“I would too.”
“Oh, but she has the ability to freeze your brain and tamper with it.”
“Huh? I what?” Alyssa asked, a little too loudly.
“Ah, did I just say that out loud?” He coughed.
“So wait, I can do something else too?” I asked.
“Yes, it has to do with fire, and I’m not going to tell you anything else until you have your ability under control.” He looked at Jane and Alyssa. “All of you.” He pegged Alyssa with a hard stare, and before I could blink or do anything, her eyes went out of focus. “Forget what I just said about your ability.”
“I will,” said Alyssa, sounding very far away.
He turned to me. I braced myself to be compelled. He smiled. “I won’t compel you if you promise not to say anything to her.”
“I promise,” I said, and I really did mean it.
“Good,” he said, heading for the door. “Christian, Seth, Leo, and Lily are waiting upstairs.” He slid opened the door and stood there, waiting. Alyssa helped Brianna as we walked toward him. The door whooshed shut behind us. Tristan took Brianna from Alyssa’s hesitating hold. Brianna’s eyes widen in fear, but she didn’t say anything as she broke out in sweat, and all of us made our way upstairs. Tristan glanced at the wheelchair and then he shook his head.
“What?” Alyssa asked nervously. Brianna was looking desperately at the chair.
“I’m not going to carry you and the chair up and down the stairs here,” he said. It sounded like it took effort for him just to speak. Brianna whimpered, and Alyssa shot her the, be careful look. Tristan stared at the door, and a second later, it opened. He was right. Seth, Lily, Leo, and my brother were all there, waiting for us. They all stared at us as we walked through, or actually, they were looking at Tristan with Brianna in his arms to be exact. Suddenly, Avery appeared out of nowhere. All of us took a step back except for Tristan, of course, and Brianna had nowhere to go.
“Oh take a chill pill kids. I’m not going to do anything,” said Avery. I relaxed slightly, even though my stomach was doing the flip-flops. Besides, it wasn’t Avery I was afraid of… maybe I should reconsider that, but Tristan’s hunger or whatever was driving me nuts and scaring the shit out of me. Be careful Peyton, I thought to myself. Anything you say or do will set him off. Tristan narrowed his eyes on me. Oops, shut up, shut up.
“So ah… where should we start?” I asked.
“Here,” said Alyssa. “We already saw this part.”
“My brother and I haven’t,” I said.
“Oh, oops, sorry, forgot you just got here and all, sorry.”
I laughed. “It’s okay.”
Tristan handed Brianna over to Avery. “They need me,” he said and stepped back through the door. He turned to stare at us. “I’ll see you… soon,” he said. I shivered as I detected a little of… menace in his voice. Avery opened the door and we all stepped inside, feeling the stare of Tristan on our backs, shit. I groaned the moment the door slammed shut behind us. Damn, panic attack coming on anytime soon? I blinked as a feeling of calmness washed over me. I looked at Avery questioningly.
“What?” he asked. “I didn’t do anything,” he said, smirking. “Come on, someone lead the way.”
“This, is going to be a boring tour,” Alyssa said and led us upstairs.

DONNICA

I leaned against the wall, staring at the redheaded vampire on the monitor. It was back to what it was originally before Wesley enhanced the image. The screen went blue for a second and then refocused on a hooded figure. Honestly, what is the point of wearing something over your face? Do they ever take it off? Seriously, what’s the point when you could sniff to figure out who it was you were confronting? Oh well. Trynnadon was staring at another monitor, the one that was tracking James and Callan’s every movement, thanks to our lovely GPS wristband. “This better be good,” Tristan growled as the door slid opened. He glared at the back of Wesley’s head. Wesley stiffened and reluctantly turned around to face him, not meeting his eyes. Smart move. “So, computer geek, why did you want me here?”
“I uh… I have something that might interest you,” Wesley said, turning back to the monitor and pushing buttons, changing frames. He stilled it on an image of a shadowy figure. I frowned and concentrated more closely on the image. “I thought you might recognize him.”
“I do,” he drawled.
“You know everyone don’t you?” Trynnadon asked.
Tristan laughed. “No, I happen to know that vampire very, very well.” He pulled out his phone and started to rapidly text away.
“Who is he?” I asked.
“Hmm, why?” He looked up from his texting and shot me one of those scary stare of his. His eyes bored into mine. “Would you like to meet him?” he softly asked.
I gulped. “Er…” I hesitated, wondering if I really did want to meet the unknown vampire.
He smiled. “I’ll take that as a no.” He took one last look at his phone and then slipped it back in his pocket. “Go back to Dev.” Wesley nodded and started clicking away.
“So um, you think he’s still there?” I asked.
“Maybe,” said Trynnadon. “The way he thinks? Most likely he’ll still be there. Him and his pathetic little minions.”
“You want the answer?” Tristan asked. “Follow me.” Uh oh, what did he have in mind this time? Eric, Trynnadon, and I followed him out the tech lab, up the stairs, out the front door, and to the gate. Tristan casually leaned against it. Um… okay? All of us but Tristan just stood there confused, or at least I was. I looked around me, seeing no one. Tristan straightened up suddenly and lifted the latch to open the gate. From the shadows, a figure stepped out. He swiftly made his way toward us, stopping a few yards from the open gate. Tristan walked through the gate and we followed. “Trynnadon, Donnica, and Eric,” he said, nodding to each of us. The vampire sniffed the air and growled low in his throat. “So, what do you have for us?”
“Who are you?” Trynnadon asked.
“I’m Elijah,” the unknown vampire said, shrugging. “Dev has seventeen vampires with him,” he said to Tristan.
I blinked and stared fixatedly at Elijah. “You’re the one I saw on the computer a few minutes ago,” I said.
He smiled. “Really? You know, I happen not to care if I’m seen or not. Getting back on topic, you only need to take down Dev, and then… his followers will back down.”
“You know this for a fact?” Eric asked.
He sighed. “Unlike you, I happen to hear things. Unlike you, I happen to be very. Observant. Don’t. Forget that. Now, Dev will be surrounded at all times. You have to get through his hordes to get to him, and they’ll do anything to stop you. They might have low thinking process, but don’t underestimate them. Their defensive instincts make up for it.”
“Will you be joining us in this?” I asked.
“No, I will not. You don’t need me. You have Tristan,” he said, and disappeared into thin air.
“Who the hell is he?” I asked, glaring at Tristan. “Another one of your spies?”
“That disappearing act tells me that he’s more than a spy,” said Trynnadon. I grumbled and walked back through the gate.
“Sometimes,” Tristan said from behind me. “You have to trust what you are given and go with the flow.”
“Yeah, sure,” I muttered. “I just like to know who I’m going up against here.”
“Life is a bitch. That’s a given. Don’t worry, he can be trusted, and if it makes you feel any better. He’s my other brother.”
I stopped walking abruptly. “Seriously?” I asked.
“Do I have to prove it? I can call him back here and let him walk through that gate. The alarm will go off, and he’ll be writhing on the ground, and then—”
“Okay okay, you can stop now. No way in hell I’m going through that again,” I said quickly.
“I didn’t think so.”
“If you two are done talking, can we go and brainstorm now?” Trynnadon asked.
Half an hour later, we were standing around, or at least I was, wondering when we were going to hit the road. From the looks of it, it looked like not anytime soon. “Patience is a virtue,” Adalyn said from across the room. “I’m surprise Tristan hasn’t done it yet.”
“What, does he go into things without planning them out?” I asked.
“Oh no, when he leaves, that means, he’s going to be smart about it. He is good with his sneak attacks. I’ve seen it. No one, I mean no one survives when he’s involved.” I glanced over to Tristan who was in a conversation with Trynnadon, wondering if he was hearing all this. “It doesn’t matter. He can hear us just as well if we’re outside. He’s good about ignoring though… sometimes. Just make sure you don’t give him any reason to drop your ass.”
“You’ve been in this position before, I’m assuming?”
She shook her head. “No, but I seen the pain you have to go through.”
“Is that one of the side effects with his abilities?”
She laughed. “No, there are no side effects at all. He just does it for fun. Besides, what he wants, he gets. Nothing you can do about it.”
“Do you know anything about Elijah?” I asked, throwing Tristan the, don’t kill me look.
“Not really.”
“Anything I should know about him?”
“Well, he is a lot like Tristan so be very careful.”
“I kind of figured that out for myself,” I grumbled.
She laughed. “Just making sure you got it good and implanted in your mind, but Elijah does most of the spying and tracking. He and Tristan, makes a deadly combination and then add Avery to the mix?” She shuddered. “I don’t even want to go there.”
“I can always come to you for some good gossips,” I mused.
“That’s what I’m here for, but you gotta keep in mind that I can only go to a certain extent without getting myself in deep shit.”
“I definitely know what you mean.”
“Come on, they want us,” she said and started walking toward the other two, and I followed her. All but Eric, James and Callan joined us. “Let me guess,” she drawled. “You want me and Donnica to do some head chopping?”
“Yes, I want you two to also cut them into bits and pieces and bring one of them back with you and—”
“What he’s really saying is, he wants you, Adalyn, to go and snatched one of Dev’s precious buddies and bring him or her back to us,” Avery said, cutting in before Tristan could continue on with his gruesome ideas.
“Actually, what I’m trying—”
“Shut up, Tristan.”
Tristan sighed. “I like my version better.”
“I’m sure you do, brother. I’m sure you do.”
“And me?” I asked.
“You simply go with her and mind-fuck them,” said Tristan.
“What now, come again?” Avery laughed, and Tristan only smirked at me.
“Think about it, your first time doing something awesome. The clock is ticking.” Uh, damn it. Tristan took a step toward me, and I tensed. The air grew thick, and I felt a pressure in my head. All of a sudden, darkness closed around me, but I could still hear, feel, smell, but I couldn’t see. Come on, a light bulb should be going off by now, he whispered in my head. You need to feed, he drawled. God damn it, why did he have to say that. I growled at him. The darkness lifted. “You are not going to do anything until you feed. No way in hell I’m going to let you ruin this mission. You’ll know exactly what I mean when you can get those mind of yours working again.”
“Adalyn, no more talking until she feeds,” said Trynnadon. “Now leave.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-one

Outside, Adalyn turned to look at me. She gave me a questioning look. I shook my head and she nodded. I followed her as she led me deeper into a peaceful neighborhood. I could feel another vampire following us, but I didn’t dare to see who it was. Besides, I wouldn’t be able to see who it was if he didn’t want to be seen. That’s right, I don’t. I took in a sharp breath as I recognized the voice in my head. This time, it wasn’t Tristan like I expected. Adalyn turned around and frowned at me. “What?” she asked.
“Um, nothing,” I muttered. In my head, I heard Elijah chuckling in amusement. Still frowning, Adalyn turned and continued walking. Get out of my head, I mentally hissed at him. Certainly, he said, and the slight pressure I didn’t even notice earlier went away, but the feeling of being followed didn’t. Is it just me or is somebody following us? Adalyn whispered in my head. Somebody is following us, I mentally whispered back to her. Who is it? You know who it is. Is it Tristan? Actually, no it’s not, I slowly said to her. You tell her, and I’ll bleed you, Elijah growled. I stiffened, I can’t, I hissed at Adalyn. He’ll kill me. She didn’t say anything else as we turned up a driveway. We went up the walkway and knocked on the door. I’ll see later, Elijah whispered and the feeling of being watched went away. The door slowly opened, and a young woman stood in the doorway.
“Can I help you?” she asked wearily.
I gazed into her eyes, taking a hold of her sleepy mind. “May we come in?” I asked sweetly.
“Yes, please, come in.” Adalyn smiled as the woman er… Angie stepped back as we entered. I closed the door and leaned against it. “What can I help you with?” Angie asked.
I smiled. “Come here.” I sniffed the air and groaned as she came to me. No one else was in the house with her at the moment.
“Oh, hurry up,” Adalyn said to me. I glared at her. “Are you always this slow when feeding? You talk to your victim first?”
“Oh, would you just shut up and stand there like a good guard?”
She huffed. “Five seconds, if you don’t take her, I will.” I growled at her. I pulled Angie closer and sank my fangs in her neck, pulling at the warm sweet blood. She went limp in my arms, and I withdrew my fangs, licking at the wound. I gently let her to the floor. “I took care of her,” said Adalyn. “When she wakes up, she won’t remember anything.”
“Hmm, thanks for the help. What did you tell her??” I asked, opening the door and stepping out.
“I told her that she got a little too many to drink at a party last night.”
I laughed. “Nice one.”
“Yeah, right, now let’s get our ass to where we’re supposed to be.”
We arrived at what looked like an abandon building. Clearly, they did some upgrading. I gasped as a wave of menace washed over me. Around me, I heard Adalyn, James, Eric, and Callan all take in a sharp breath as well. It grew dramatically as I saw Tristan met up with someone. I couldn’t see who it was, but I had a very good idea on who that someone was. Damn, Adalyn’s warning flashed in my mind for a second. Back entrance is clear, Callan whispered in my head. I supposed Adalyn heard it too, because she led me toward the back. Someone’s coming out. Adalyn and I held back as one of the vampires came out. She looked around and sniffed. She went rigid as she caught the scent of us nearby. I looked at Adalyn, wondering if she was the target. She nodded. I smiled and hit her with an invisible wall. She gasped and pushed against my barrier. I slipped into her mind. I grabbed it and held it. She was going to scream, but I silenced her before a sound could escape, alerting the others of our presence. Come forward, I whispered in her mind. I watched as she made her way to where Adalyn and I were waiting. The air was so charged, I was surprised no one else came out to see what was going on. Adalyn tensed up as the vampire came closer and closer. When she was a few feet in front of us, Adalyn made her move. She was on the other vampire in a split second. Go, James silently hissed at us, and we took off.
A few minutes later, we were standing in front of the closed gate. A beep sounded, and I heard Wesley over the radio telling us to go through. I opened the gate and walked up the long walkway to the door. We went inside and down the stairs. Adalyn and I both gasped as that scary ass feeling came over us again. We turned the corner and entered the dim room. “For fuck sake, could you please lower your danger-better-run alarm down a tad bit?” Adalyn gasped out. She threw the unconscious vampire down and went to stand in the doorway.
“We haven’t officially met,” Elijah said slowly. He flashed over to Adalyn. “I’m Elijah. You must be Adalyn.” She squeaked and took another step out the room. “Please, don’t go. Avery told me a lot of great things… about you.” He extended his hand to her. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.” She hesitated and then shook his hand. Elijah pulled her into the room and closed the door. He let her go, and then he turned to look at me. “Good work. You pass.”
“Pass what?” I stuttered.
“Mmm, I’ve been watching you all these times.”
I glared at Tristan. “You were going to tell me this when?” I asked.
“I don’t go around dropping hints,” he hissed. “I don’t tell anyone, anything.” Fuck, okay, not a good time to ask questions. I shivered and braced myself as Tristan came closer to me. Uh oh, please don’t hurt me. Please, don’t hurt me, I thought frantically. He pushed me against the wall, preventing me from moving an inch. Ow. I gritted my teeth from making a sound. Shit, please don’t bite me, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, please… Before I could think of anything else, I felt the sharp tips of his fangs on my neck. I couldn’t help it. I whimpered. “Get one thing straight,” he breathed against my throat. I took in a shaky breath and let it out. “Most of the times, I kill before I think. So does Elijah.” He gripped me tighter, but his fangs were no longer at my neck. “Keep that in mind, anything you say or do can set us off,” he hissed. Cold air blew against me as he moved in a blur across the room. Suddenly, the unconscious vampire was lifted by an invisible force and slammed against the wall. A cool hand touched me. I stiffened and turned my head to look at Adalyn.
“Please, calm your breathing,” she whispered frantically.
“Easy said than done,” I said, panting. I closed my eyes and concentrated on slowing down my breathing. Once in control of myself, I opened my eyes, and Adalyn took her hand off of me. I looked over at the unconscious vampire. She was still pinned to the wall. I glanced back and forth between Tristan and Elijah. Both of them were fixated on the vampire. “Are we waiting for the others?” I asked.
Adalyn nodded. “James, Eric, and Callan won’t be here though.”
“I think you damage her good,” Tristan hissed. He smirked at the vampire. Her eyes popped opened and she shrieked. “Or maybe not,” he said, pulling the hood from her face. His eyes bored into her. “Stop it.” Her scream died off suddenly, only to be replaced by a blank stare. “Wonderful. Now, you won’t scream again, will you?” She shook her head. He smiled evilly and she dropped to the floor. “Good.” The door opened and Trynnadon and Avery walked in. Tristan glanced over at them. “I was beginning to wonder when you were coming,” he drawled. Elijah smirked, moving to the whimpering vampire. She cringed and moved away. In a blur, he snatched her up and held her in an unbreakable hold.
“Name?” Elijah asked.
“Drizella. Where am I?”
“Ah, the million dollar question of the night. You are with the Night Stalkers, ring any bells?” She gasped and took in a lungful of air to scream. “Oh, none of that now. No point, no one can hear you.” He let her go, and she quickly moved away from him.
“Tell us what Dev is planning,” I said. “What is his hidden agenda?” Drizella didn’t answer. She was too busy watching Tristan and Elijah.
“You sided with them?” she asked.
Tristan snarled. “We don’t side with anyone,” he hissed. Drizella looked confused. Tristan, Avery, and Elijah all locked eyes on each other. I frowned, wondering what was going through their minds at this second. Trynnadon moved toward her, pulling her roughly to her feet.
“Why am I here?” Drizella asked.
“Wrong question,” I said. “You should be asking the obvious question. You know, like… will I live to see another day?”
Tristan snorted. “Anybody who asks me that gets an immediate death sentence.”
“Who the hell are you?” Drizella asked. Adalyn and I gasped in shock. Damn, she got nerves. Heavy silence filled the air. I braced myself, preparing myself to run, because if a bomb was about to explode, I was not going to stick around and watch. We were all staring at Avery, Elijah, and Tristan intently. “Well?” she asked, sounding a lot calmer than she should be. Elijah reached in his pocket and pulled out what looked like a credit card, but the size of an index card. It was black and shiny. He flipped the card over. He reached out and jerked Drizella toward him. He held the card in front of her. Another beat of silence and then she screamed, louder than ever. My hands flew up to cover my ears. Avery, Tristan, and Elijah looked like they were in pain, but no one made a move to stop her, physically or mentally. She kept on screaming. It went on, and on. She screamed until she couldn’t scream anymore. Drizella flashed across the room and wrenched the door open. Trynnadon was at her side in a flash. She ran out of the room with him on her every move.
“What was on that card?” Adalyn asked in a small voice. Adalyn and I were the only one left in the room with the most dangerous vampires in history, if memory serves.
Avery groaned. “Nothing awesome,” he hissed. Elijah slowly stepped toward us. He handed the card to me. I blinked in surprised and took it. On it was a red T in the middle with a ring of fire in the background, a blue streak above it and below the T. It also had a hand holding a heart at the top left-hand corner. It read: You have been chosen. “When they get that, they know that we’re after them,” Avery said, grunting.
“I have gone completely deaf,” Tristan muttered under his breath. I nodded and gave the card back to Elijah.
“Now what?” I asked. I winced as a scream sounded from above.
“Stay here,” Elijah said, and he was gone in a flash. Tristan cursed, and a blast of bitter cold air hit me, and Adalyn hissed, taking a step toward the door. Upstairs, the scream finally died off, leaving an eerie silence all around. The door flew opened and I held back a scream as I was propelled out of the room, hitting the opposite wall. I heard the door slammed shut, and I sucked in a sharp breath as pain exploded in my head. A whimpering sound beside me told me that Adalyn was thrown out too. I frowned and sniffed the air. There was a lot of spilled blood.
“Tell me they didn’t rip her into pieces,” Adalyn said, groaning.
“I think they did,” I hissed. The pain was a bitch. I painfully got up, staggering for a bit before catching my balance. I helped Adalyn up and we made our way upstairs. The strong scent of blood led us outside. We found Drizella lying in a pool of her own blood, a stake through her heart. Her eyes widened in fear as we approached her. “You thought you could get away so easily?” I asked. I looked around. Trynnadon and Elijah were nowhere to be seen. I froze as the smell of smoke reached us. It was getting closer and closer. Out of thin air, a card that I was just looking at a few minutes ago landed in Drizella’s hand. I knelt down and took the card and looked at it. I sniffed. The smell of burning was coming from the card, and then I realized why. At the bottom, written in blood, was the name Dev Poralis. I rubbed at it, testing it. I was right. The blood was burnt permanently onto the card. I shivered and put the card back in Drizella’s hand. I hope I never find that in my mailbox anytime soon, or ever for that matter. I looked up in time to find Elijah making his way toward us. He stopped on the other side of Drizella. He smiled evilly down at her.
“You will deliver the message wonderfully,” he hissed. He reached down and pulled the stake out. She screamed and writhed in pain. “You’re free to go,” he said, stepping away from her. We watched as she dragged herself toward the gate. I sent a sharp command at the gate and it opened. She screamed and got up. She looked back at us, anger, fear, and pain written all over. Elijah bared his fangs and hissed. “One more thing before you go.” He smirked. “You also have been chosen.” Drizella shrieked and disappeared into the shadows. I turned to look at Elijah, but he wasn’t there.
“Hey, where the hell did he go?” I asked.
“No idea,” Adalyn said, panting. “I didn’t hear him go.”
“Glad I’m not the only one,” I muttered. “Where is Trynnadon?”
“He is right behind you,” Trynnadon growled. I stiffened and turned to face him. “Enjoying the bloody scene?” he asked.
“Yeah, did you?”
He smiled. “I got the pleasure of staking her.”
“For your information, Adalyn and I got tossed out of the room like rag dolls.”
He laughed. “Let me guess who did it, Tristan?”
“Actually, I don’t know. It could be Avery for a change. What did Elijah do?”
“He bled her.”
“I thought so.”
“Now, see what’s going on inside. I’ll join you after I clean this mess up.” I nodded and headed back inside, back to find out if Tristan was himself. Or not.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-two

Cold chills ran up and down my spine as Adalyn and I descended the stairs. Oh man, what’s going to happen once we were down there? We came to an abrupt stop before turning the corner. We looked at each other for a long time. I took a deep breath and nodded. “Let’s go before I change my mind,” I whispered. We turned the corner and slowly approached the door. I put my hand on the doorknob and slowly turned it, opening the door inch by inch. Adalyn and I stepped inside and stood there in silence, watching Tristan for any sign of movement. Avery wasn’t even in the room. I don’t know how long we stood there, because Trynnadon squeezed himself between us. He slowly approached Tristan with something in his hand. Tristan bared his fangs and growled. Trynnadon held up a hand as if you would when surrendering to someone. Suddenly, Tristan was in front of Adalyn. She whimpered and before she could back away from him, he grabbed a hold of her. She gasped in pain. He slapped a piece of paper in her hand. Where on earth did that come from? Adalyn stopped struggling and he let her go. She carefully unfolded the paper and read it. She nodded to him and slowly backed out of the room. Hmm, what was on that paper? I glanced back at Adalyn. Later, she whispered in my head. For now, I need to carry out my part. I nodded and she disappeared. I returned my attention back to Tristan and Trynnadon.
“You shoot me, and I’ll rip your head off,” Tristan growled.”
“Wasn’t planning on it,” Trynnadon muttered. “It’s called defending myself.”
Tristan smirked. “What’s loaded in there?”
“Uh, I have no idea, some kind of mixed paralytic drugs.”
“Interesting, another one of Wesley’s experimental inventions?”
“Yes, it is.” Trynnadon pocketed the gun and flashed to the door. “If you are going to feed here, I trust that you won’t kill anyone. Jane, Peyton, and Alyssa are off the menu,” he said and was gone.
Tristan swore and locked his eyes on me. “I wonder if you’re on the menu. What you think?” I was out the room and up the stairs before he could finish, but as always, I didn’t get far. He grabbed me and everything faded to black. God fucking damn it. Why is it always me, I mentally groaned. When the darkness lifted, I found myself in the middle of nowhere, like literally. There was no trees, or houses, or cars, or noises for that matter. “Time for part two of your test,” he whispered in my ear. Why hasn’t anyone told me about this? Bastards. He let go of me and took several steps back.
“What’s the second part to my test?” I asked. A minute of silence lingered between us, and then I felt a slight pressure in my head. Uh oh, I should’ve known. Bracing myself, I threw up a mental wall, preventing him from going any further. The pressure didn’t go away, but it didn’t increase either. Tristan smiled, and the pressure started to gradually increase. I stiffened and held on tighter. Damn, a mind-to-mind showdown, who would’ve thought. I cursed and pushed back and… before I knew it, I found myself in his head, and by god… was red the only thing he saw? Before I could pull out, I was hit with a wave of dizziness. I gasped as I was pushed out, hard. On the ground, not a good idea, I thought, sitting up.
“Impressive,” Tristan hissed.
I was holding my head like an idiot, but then again, I couldn’t help it. The pounding in my head was being an asshole like always. “Was that good enough?” I asked, groaning.
“Yes, very.”
“So what does that mean? I can block out…” I looked up at him. “Most vampires, but,” I took a deep breath. “You, right?”
He smiled evilly. “Yes, no way around it.” I slowly got up and stared at him questioningly. So many questions, but the wrong question might just kill me in a split second. “Spit it out,” he said tightly. “I need to feed, and I want to see your last part of the test.”
I gulped. “Um, besides the Tronis’s bloodline, are there any other vampires like you?”
He smiled, and I could’ve sworn I took a huge sigh of relief that my heart wasn’t in his hand. “There are a few. Those vampires, like Ari, have the ability of tracking. So… where ever you might be in the world, she will find you and bring you to me, if I tell her to. I know that all vampires can track and all that, but only to a certain extent.”
“When we first met, you had someone like her track me?” I asked curiously.
“Actually, I wasn’t lying when I said I was watching you. I was following you after that store incident, remember?” I nodded. “I was standing outside, listening to every word and seeing all the action.”
“Well, next time you decide to do another tracking, mind letting me know?”
He smiled. “Perhaps. Anymore questions?”
I shook my head. “Not at the moment.”
“So, make me a fire.” I let my energy out and let the heat build up inside me. Tristan moved farther away from me as flames appeared in my hands. I let the flame glow brighter and bigger and then dimmer and smaller. “Throw it.” I lifted my hands and let it fly. It sizzled in midair and then went out as it collided with something blue. “Very nicely done.”
“I still like to fly. Not fair that I’m the only one who can’t. Do you know a way to make that happen?” I stared unblinkingly at him as he considered it. His expression was unreadable as I patiently waited for his answer. He pushed his fingers against his eyes and growled.
“You’re not the only one who can’t fly, my dear. There is a way, but I’ll have to think about it. It’s not something I want to give so willingly.” He came toward me. “But right now, I need to bleed someone, and you need to get out of here.” He reached out and grabbed me and darkness closed around us. When it lifted, I found myself in my room, and Tristan was gone. I sighed and walked out of my room. I could hear the kids whispering to each other. They shut up instantly the moment I entered the living room.
“What?” I asked. I went over and sat down beside Seth. “Is there something I can’t listen in on?”
“Er… no,” said Seth. “It’s just an automatic thing when a vampire walks in.”
“Oh, I see. Well, continue your secret conversation. I won’t judge. I’m just waiting to be drag into something awesome in a minute anyways.”
“What’s so awesome?” Lily asked, getting up and walking over to where I was sitting. She handed me a piece of paper. “From Elijah.”
I took it and frowned at it. “Did you read it?” She shook her head. I opened it up and read: Donnica, if you are reading this, I’m assuming you pass the test with flying colors. There is one more thing you need to do. Go to 10531 Belerox Avenue. Once there, you will be given further instructions. Make sure that you are alone. I grumbled and shoved the note in my pocket. I can never get a break around here. I stood up and Lily backed away from me. She went back and sat down. “Thanks,” I said to her. She nodded. I sighed. “Well, looks like I’ll have to find out your awesome secret at another time.” I headed for the door. I opened it and stepped out.
“It’s not a secret if you tell someone about it,” Seth called out before the door closed on him. I went outside and toward the gate.
“Leaving?” Gabriella asked. I nodded. She lifted the latch and opened it. I waved to her and ran off into the night.
It wasn’t long for me to reach the address on the note. It turned out to be a house after all. Inside, the lights were off. I walked up to the door and tested the knob. It was unlocked. No surprise there since I was told to come here in the first place. I cautiously opened the door and stepped inside. I looked around. There was nothing here. I sniffed and caught the scent of another vampire. I moved further into the dark house. I wasn’t about to call out. It could be any vampire for all I know. I followed the scent farther inside, away from the door. It led me down a narrow hallway. This vampire, er… Elijah, or it better be him, definitely knew I was here, but was probably waiting on something. As I walked farther down the hallway, I saw a figure standing against the wall at the end of the hall, and yep, it was Elijah. He didn’t make any move and that danger-keep-away alert was growing stronger and stronger as I made my way toward him. I took a deep breath. This was so not cool. “Elijah,” I whispered. I cleared my throat. “I was told to come here?” Up close, I could tell he didn’t feed. He was taut as a cable, one flick of a finger and snap. I took a step back. Silence hung heavily in the air.
“Nicely done,” he growled. It took all the effort within me to not run. “You followed my directions wonderfully.” Suddenly, an hourglass was in his hand. Uh oh, what did I just put myself into? He held it out to me. I took it and stared at it. The glass had black sand in it, creepy much? He snarled, forcing me to take another step back. Shit, please don’t jump me was running through my head in rapid succession. Elijah eyes locked on my throat. I gulped. “Now, you are to return there. You know what I’m talking about, don’t you?” I nodded stiffly. “Your job is to sneak inside, find Dev’s… office or whatever, and place that hourglass inside.” I nodded again. I slowly backed away from him. “You fail? You will wish that you never met me to begin with.”
Clutching the hourglass in my hand, I got my ass out of there as fast as I could. I looked at the glass again. It was half full. Does that mean Dev had half an hour left to live? Will find out soon enough. As I arrived at the abandon building, Adalyn was making her way toward me. She pulled me deeper into the shadows. “I’ve checked out the place,” she whispered. “There are three levels. Dev’s office is on the second floor. You’ll know which one it is, because his office is the only one with a window. Be careful, he’ll see you, if he’s in there.” I nodded and turned as I felt a presence behind me.
“Don’t fail me,” Tristan hissed in my ear. “Now go.”
“Good luck,” Adalyn hissed and pushed me toward the building.
I inhaled a nice lungful of air and flashed to the back entrance. Okay, here goes nothing, I thought, mentally opening the door and waiting in the shadows for a few seconds, all my senses on high alert. After a few seconds of waiting, I went inside, closing the door softly behind me. I could hear voices around the corner. Oh shit, I silently hissed. Not good, not good at all. I swiftly and silently made my way toward the voices, hoping none of them notice my presence. I braced myself and flashed up to the second level. “Hey, who are you?” someone asked from behind me. Motherfucker! Son of a bitch! Damn, busted, or maybe not. I slowly turned around to face the speaker. Thank god, he wasn’t paying attention to what was in my hand. In a split second, I had the hourglass behind me. He was frowning at me. “Who are you?”
“I’m a new recruit,” I said, thinking fast. Oh please, don’t make me knock your ass unconscious.
“Really? I didn’t hear anything from Dev about a new recruit.” Fuck, where’s my ability to compel a vampire when I need it?
I sighed. “Look, I was told to meet Dev here. Do you happen to know where he is?” He went passed me, forcing me to move in a blur to keep him from seeing the hourglass.
“His office is the second door on the right,” he said, walking passed the office. I waited until he was out of sight, and then I flashed to the door. I nearly growled as I saw Dev sitting at his desk, staring at the mark of death card. Yeah, keep looking at that. It’s very pretty, I thought as I slowly reached my hand inside and carefully and quietly set the hourglass down just inside the door. I just removed my hand when Dev jerked his head up and looked around. I held very still as his eyes fell on the hourglass. He roared and was out of his chair and the office in a split second, and I was down the stairs and outside in a flash. Oh. My. Fucking. God. Never again, never… again. I ran into the shadows and stopped beside Adalyn.
“Don’t say anything,” I whispered. I inhaled and exhaled, gathering myself. I squeaked as I felt a hand on my shoulder. Bracing myself, I turned to look at Avery, Tristan, and Elijah. The air was suddenly thick with tension.
“Well done, even though you almost blew it,” said Tristan.
“Now what?” I asked.
“Now we wait, the time is almost up.” Suddenly, James, Callan, Eric, and Trynnadon appeared around me.
“I’ll see you all soon,” Elijah whispered and disappeared into thin air. We all stood there in the shadows as shouts of order rose from inside the abandon building. From what I could see in the windows, vampires were scrambling like mad. One of the vampire looked out of the window, and we moved deeper into the shadows until it surrounded us completely. Another one came out and looked around, sniffing the air.
“They’re here!” he shouted at the others. He growled and went back inside, slamming the door so hard that it fell off its hinges. Why thanks, buddy, easier access for us. A sharp knife was placed in my hand. I blinked and took it from Trynnadon.
“Custom-made?” I whispered.
He nodded. “No point in whispering, they know we’re here.” He turned to look at Tristan. “Do you do this every day?”
Tristan smiled coldly. “No, I don’t,” he drawled. “I take them out one by one. It’s more fun that way. Mmm, the craftiness of torture. So… exhilarating,” he hissed, and I shuddered. Ah fuck, I hoped I never end up on his torture list. No thanks, I will fucking pass on that.
“Okay, they’re going to split up the moment we enter,” said James. “Kill anyone that protects Dev. Besides, they’ll die for him. On the count of three, we go in.” We all nodded. “One… two… three.” The air crackled with energy as we charged through the broken door. I grabbed the first vampire and held him in a chokehold. He bared his fangs, and I squeezed.
“One sound escapes you and you’ll be the first to die,” I whispered in his ear. Beside me, Trynnadon had another vampire, a knife pressed against his throat. I glanced over at the rest of my so called group. From the looks of it, no one was dead… yet. I gave out a high-pitched whistle and it went quiet. Wow, really? “Before we begin, I have an announcement to make,” I said. “Dev Poralis? Your time? Is up. Step out or I rip your precious vampire’s head off and feed it to you on a platter.” Tristan flashed his fangs at me, and I knew what he was about to do. All eyes focused on him as he slowly made his way toward the nearest vampire. She snarled and before she could do anything, Tristan grabbed her and sank his fangs deep into her neck. A bloodcurdling scream ripped the silent room. Shut her up, I mentally hissed at him. He grunted and the scream was abruptly cut off. “So, what’s it going to be? You knew we were coming, didn’t you?” No one made a move. They were all in shock, watching Tristan slowly draining one of their own. “You have something of ours. You release her, we’ll let you go.”
“I have no intention of letting her go,” Dev hissed.
“Why do you have her?” I asked sweetly. “What does she have that you want?”
“Release her,” he snarled at Tristan.
“Release Ari,” I hissed.
“We’re not negotiating here,” he growled.
“Oh, I didn’t know we were negotiating.” I thought we were going to kill them all? Trynnadon mentally asked me. Do you know where Ari is being held? I silently asked him. Tristan and Avery do. Is she being guarded? Yeah, she is. Tell Avery to go and get her. He can kill whoever he likes. Tell me that yourself, Avery growled. Okay, everybody out of my head. “So, again, what is it going to be? Release her and we all go our separate ways, or fight to the death?”
Dev snarled. “I will fight to the death.”
“Really? You would put all your followers in jeopardy, just for your own sake?”
“I protect all that is mine,” he hissed.
“Alright then… so be it.” I dug my fingers deep into the vampire’s neck and decapitated his head. Blood rained on me and at the same time, Trynnadon and Tristan went for the kill. Dev screamed as he watched three of his followers going down in a split second. I smiled. “Hey, you called it, and… you got what you wanted. It’s too bad really. You made up your mind, and… there’s no backing out of it. Besides, the mark of death is calling your name. You should embrace it before it’s too late.” I blinked as Avery appeared in the middle of the room. In his hand was the hourglass. Tristan stepped up beside him and took it.
“Well well, your time is up,” Tristan hissed. “You have been chosen Dev Poralis. Congratulation,” he said and the hourglass shattered, black sand flew in all directions, and blood went flying.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-three

I ducked as something silver flew in my direction. Pulling out my knife, I stabbed the vampire as she made impact with me. I flipped over and stabbed her for a second time. She hissed in pain and threw me off of her. Before I could hit something like the window, I reached out and yanked the knife out. The window shattered as I made impact with it. The momentum carried me out, and I hissed as I hit the ground below, hard. I got up and jumped back inside, landing on another vampire. Slashing his throat open, I meant to decapitate him, but Avery snatched him and punched his chest open, removing the heart. Damn, what’s worse, getting your heart ripped out or being decapitated? For me, I prefer instant death which ever that may be. Suddenly, sharp pain exploded in me. What the fuck? I reached behind me and pulled out the stake. Thank god, it didn’t go all the way through. I sucked in my breath and spun around. Using the stake I just pulled out, I drove it into another vampire who happen to be in a snarling match with Callan. He screamed and fell to the floor. “I was enjoying having fun throwing words at him,” Callan said, grunting. He knelt down and ripped the vampire’s head off.
“You’re welcome,” I said, groaning. I pulled the stake out and threw it across the room. Behind you, Tristan snarled in my head. I spun around and almost got my head chopped off. Thanks to Trynnadon, I didn’t. He stabbed the vampire from behind, giving me a split second opening to dodge the deadly blow.
“Check outside,” Avery hissed at me. I nodded and jumped out the shattered window. I sniffed the air and made my way around to the front. The screams and snarls were deafening. Seeing a shadowy figure up ahead, I picked up my speed and ran after it. I hit her from behind. She fell to the ground, and before I could turn her over to see who it was, that danger vibe washed over me. We both froze as Tristan came toward us with Ari in his arms. She was unconscious and pretty messed up. He stopped beside me and looked down at the vampire on the ground.
“Get up,” Tristan hissed. She got up and slowly turned around to face us. It was Drizella. “So, it was you who did the little kidnapping stunt. Very clever.”
“It wasn’t me. I didn’t do it,” she said quickly.
“You know how easy it was, to slip into her mind and extract all the information?” Tristan handed Ari to me. I took her from him and held on tightly to her. Drizella slowly backed away from us. Tristan took a deep breath and let it out slowly with a low growl. “It was like watching a movie. Guess who the star of it all was?” He smiled evilly. “It was you.” He pulled out a card. Uh oh, here we go. Before she could run, he reached out and jerked her to him. “Don’t worry. I won’t kill you… yet. I have a job for you,” he whispered. He forced the card in her hand. “It’s time Aiden and I meet face to face. I have a personal matter to settle with him. It has been way too long.” He laughed darkly. “Here’s what I want you to do. Listen carefully, because I don’t like repeating myself.” Drizella looked like she was going to pass out at any second. “You know where Aiden is. You kept in contact with him. So, you are going to find him and give him this card. And if you fail?” He hissed and sank his fangs deep into her neck. She screamed and struggled uselessly. He withdrew a few seconds later. “I will know. I will find you, and I will kill you,” he hissed and pushed her away. He clearly didn’t want to let her go. Tristan took Ari from me. “I’ll keep in touch,” he said and disappeared into thin air. I sighed and went back inside. I did a quick headcount. There was Dev and two others. Adalyn and Dev were going at it, dodging blows after blows.
“No escapes?” Avery asked.
“Only Drizella,” I said.
“Hmm, she should count her days until her death.”
“Tristan didn’t tell her to.”
He grunted. “Even better. She fails, she dies. She would have when you were out there with her, but lucky for her, Tristan was taking a road trip in her mind.” He was frowning at another vampire. Of course, this one had her face covered. She was leaning casually against the wall, watching the whole thing.
“You know her?” I asked.
“Have a feeling I do, but she’s not letting me in.”
“I’m surprise you didn’t take her down on the spot.”
“Poses no threat so no point.” I looked behind me as a cold blast of wind blew through the door. I watched as Tristan flew in and grabbed Dev. The hooded vampire didn’t make a move like the other two. Avery and I went for both of them, ignoring the watchful vampire in the corner. Landing on one of the vampires, I drove the knife through her heart, removing it before she could even get up, and just like that, it was over. I turned to check on the mysterious vampire, but she was gone. Hmm, interesting. Okay, time to get out of here and torch the place. Every member of Dev’s little group and Dev himself were all dead except for Drizella. Lucky bitch she was, but for how long? Only time would tell.
“Move it,” Trynnadon hissed. Avery and I swiftly got up, and we all cleared out. There was a loud explosion and a blast of scorching heat. I ducked just in time to avoid another speeding fireball. Avery grabbed me and took me to the air. I looked down just in time to see another fireball flying from Tristan’s hands. He was the only one on the ground. The building was collapsing. He let another one fly and then launched himself into the sky. I held on tightly to Avery as we sped off into the pre-morning dawn.
We landed outside the gate. Avery let go of me as the gate open. Gabriella winced as she saw us. She stood back as we entered. “Ari is in the infirmary,” she whispered, for the sake of Avery and Tristan. “Jenkins is with her.” Trynnadon winced. Was that from his injuries or from what Gabriella said? “She didn’t wake up even once.”
“Thanks for the update,” I said. She nodded and we headed for the infirmary. Sounds of gasps and sharp intake of breaths came from the kids as we passed them. They got up to follow us, but were stopped by Jessica. We turned the corner and went inside. Curtains blocked Ari from our view. “Jenkins,” I called out. “Get your ass out here and give us the scoop.”
“You’re bleeding all over my polished floor,” said Jenkins, eyeing all of us disapprovingly. He walked over to the bed and opened the curtain. Ari was lying there, cleaned up and unconscious. She was also restrained. Avery and Tristan moved up beside the bed and stared at her, studying her. “All of her wounds healed up nicely, but I don’t know how she’ll be when she wakes up. I did some extractions. I ah… had to reopen her wounds to get at it.”
“What is it? Can we have a look?” I asked.
“Sure, come this way.” He led us into another room and to a counter full of bloody stuff. I poke my fingers in the mess and pulled something out. It was a metal of some sort.
“Do I want to know what this is? Don’t answer that.” I dropped the metal back on the counter. “Are you sure you got it all?”
“Yep, Deetra and I double and triple checked it. Should we er… wake her up?” he asked nervously. We were back beside Ari.
“You should leave,” I said.
“Okay then, I’m out, you need me, call me, and I’ll come running with taser and stuff in hand.” He ran out the door, closing it behind him. Trynnadon looked at Tristan and Avery.
“What?” Avery asked. “Why are you looking at us for?”
“You both can hold her down when she wakes up,” said Trynnadon. He smirked. “I’m not going anywhere near her.”
Avery laughed. “Fine, those who don’t want to be here can go and wash up.”
“Wash up?” James asked. “We’re all out of here.” All were left in the room were me, Tristan, and Avery. They both looked at me.
“Not leaving,” I said. “But.” I went to stand at the foot of the bed. “I won’t be anywhere near her fangs. I tend to get myself ripped open all the time.” Avery stared at Ari and the room went very still. A minute or two later, her eyes flew open, and she screamed, pushing against her restraints. One of the restraints broke and she was pushed back down by Tristan.
“That’s enough, Ari,” Tristan said, hand over her mouth.
Avery stared into her eyes. “Enough,” he whispered. Her frantic scream suddenly cut off. She stopped fighting Tristan and looked at us with wide hunger filled eyes.
“Where am I?” she asked, looking confused.
“You’re with the Night Stalkers,” I said. She let out a sigh of relief. “Do you remember what happen?”
“I remember everything,” she growled.
“You wanna tell us about it?” She shook her head. “Okay, you don’t have to.”
“I smell humans here.”
“Er… yes, there’s like… twenty humans here.” Ari hissed as the door slowly opened, and Abby stood in the doorway, looking a little confused.
“Good morning Abby,” said Tristan. “Come, join us.” She walked over to Tristan, that bastard. I watched as her eyes snap back to focus.
“That’s why you wanted me here,” Abby said, sounding a little nervous. “To feed Ari?”
“Yes,” I said. “You don’t mind, do you?”
“I do, but I’ll do it for her.”
“Generous of you,” said Avery. “Well, get over here.”
Tristan cleared his throat. “Well, I’m out of here,” he said and flashed out of the room.
“Yeah, one thing, don’t kill her,” Avery said and was gone too.
“Well,” I said. “Ari, you promise not to kill her?”
“I promise,” she said tightly. I sat down on the bed and held my breath.
“Let me know when you’re done.” Abby gasped as Ari buried her fangs in her throat. When a minute past, I turned my head to check on them. Ari was giving me that look. I got up and pulled her off of Abby. “A little too much there, girly.” I pushed her back on the bed with a little effort. She groaned and cursed under her breath. “Stay,” I said and went over to Abby. I pulled her to her feet and licked the wound close. I led her out the infirmary. “Hey,” I called out as I saw Holly coming out of another room. She turned and came over to me. “Take her to her room,” I said, giving Abby over to her.
“Will do,” she said and slowly guided Abby away.
“Ari, you good?” I asked from the doorway.
“Yeah,” she said, sighing. “I’ll be fine alone. I swear I won’t leave this room. Go clean up.” I nodded and closed the door on her, locking it, just in case she tried something.
In my room, I found Peyton sitting on my bed. Uh, what the hell was she doing here? “Can I help you with something?” I asked.
She shook her head. “I was just looking around.” She got up and went out the door. “I’m going to sneak in someone else’s room,” she said, smiling. “Oh, do you know where Trynnadon is?”
“He’s not in his room?” She shook her head. “Check in his office.”
“Okay,” she said, walking away. “Oh, Seth, Lily, and Jane are trying to clean the blood from the carpet. Any suggestions on how to remove bloodstains?”
“I have no idea at all, try asking… Kallie.” She nodded and ran with that speed of hers. I turned and headed for the bathroom. I turned on the shower with a sharp command. Taking off my stiffed clothes, I stepped into the shower and started on the process of cleaning myself up.
Two hours later, we were all gathered in the living room. Yeah, all the vampires and all the humans were there apart from Warren, Jenkins, Gabriella, and Wesley. Beside me, Alyssa stiffened as Tristan’s eyes locked on her throat. I shot him a warning look. He smirked and leaned back on the couch. I gently poked her. “About time you go home, don’t you think?” I asked.
“Not really,” said Alyssa.
Tristan smiled. “Yeah, it’s about time I leave here too.”
“Awww, but we like having you here,” I said.
He laughed. “I’m sure we’ll most likely meet again.” He sighed. “Besides, you’re beloved delicious humans still needs me.” I looked over at Peyton. She was signing every single word that was said to Christian. “Here,” Tristan said and pulled out a stack of cards, not black this time and passed it out. “Program it into your phone. Those who don’t know how to program things, say it now.” He was staring at Jane, waiting for her to say something. “Come on kid, give it up.” Jane took her phone out and handed it over to him. “Thank you.”
“You want to program mine too, Tristan?” I asked.
“No, I don’t.”
“Oh fine, be that way.” I took out my phone and programmed Tristan, Avery, and Elijah’s number into my contacts.
“So,” Tristan said, standing up. “Tryn, Wes wants me to tell you that he gave me all the files on you guys.” He smirked as Trynnadon and Eric both looked at each other. “Oh, don’t worry. I’m not going to run around spilling your secrets.” He laughed darkly. “I also kind of threaten him if that makes you feel any better.”
“Oh, you’re an asshole,” said Trynnadon.
Tristan smirked. “Alright kids, I’ll see you soon,” he said, handing the phone back to Jane. He headed for the door with Avery, Ari, and Adalyn right behind him. The kids waved goodbye as they stepped out. Come outside with us, Tristan said in my head. I frowned, wondering what was up this time. I got up and followed them outside. We passed through the gate and walked further and further into the woods. Luckily the sun wasn’t out today. It looked like it was going to rain. Tristan stopped walking and leaned against a tree. I stood there like an idiot, waiting for him to tell me why he wanted me out here. Avery, Adalyn, and Ari looked like they wanted to laugh. I frowned at Tristan. “So, I, with the best of my abilities of clear thinkingness, I have thought long and hard on your question of if there was a way that you could fly.” I stiffened. “And you should know by now, after all those partnerships and me draining you dry several times that my thinking process mostly never works.”
Avery laughed. “All you think about is blood, brother.”
“Shut up, and blood is not the only thing I think about.” Tristan broke one of the low hanging branches and snapped it in half, tossing it over Avery’s head. “Come here,” he said to me. I went over to him, ready to run if it came down to that. He smirked. “I’m not going to bite you.”
“He’s lying,” said Avery. I gasped as Tristan’s energy hit me.
“Come closer,” Tristan said, ignoring Avery. I held my breath and stepped closer. “I’m not going to bite you. You… are going to bite me.” He laughed. “Go on.”
“Um, okay?” I said, still unsure if he really meant it or not. I put my mouth to his throat and sank my fangs in him.
“Mmm, very intimate,” said Avery.
“Avery?” Tristan warned. “If you don’t shut up, I will rip your heart out and feed it to you.” This only made Avery laugh despite the threat. I nearly choked on the blood as it went down my throat. Tristan put his arms around me. “Keep drinking. It’s going to get worse.” Motherfucker, now I knew why Adalyn, Ari, and Avery weren’t leaving Tristan behind. I groaned as my whole body started to feel like a thousand needles stabbing me.
Avery grunted, and I felt him coming up to stand behind me. “The fun has just begun,” he said, pressing me tightly between him and Tristan. “By the way, you are draining Tristan.” I did choke now. Avery hand on my head prevented me from withdrawing my fangs. “Not completely,” he reassured me. I growled and pulled harder and sucked faster, wanting to get it over with. I groaned as my body felt like it was on fire. The pain grew more and more as I drank from him. The air shifted as Adalyn and Ari joined the circle. Is it over yet? I tried to stop drinking, but couldn’t, or to put it, it wasn’t done yet. I inhaled and groaned. Suddenly, everything went black, and my whole body went num. I couldn’t hear, taste, or smell anything. Now I knew what Tristan meant when he said it was something he wasn’t willing to give so willingly. Somebody please knock me out. I waited for just that, but nothing happened. Instead, I was in a whole new world. Unbearable pain took over everything, and I was stuck in the middle of it all.
When I came to, I couldn’t remember what happened. Avery, Ari, Adalyn, and Tristan were all kneeling around me. “She doesn’t remember anything,” said Avery. All I remember was drinking Tristan’s blood.
Tristan smiled. “Good.” They all stood up, pulling me up with them. “You’re welcome,” he whispered in my ear.
“Thanks,” I breathed.
“It will take a while to get use to it.” I nodded. “One more thing before we go. You share this power transfer with anyone; I’ll take away all of your powers.” He smirked. “You don’t want that, do you?” I shook my head. “Alright, we’re really off now.” He took my hand and shook it. “Hey, it was nice meeting you. We’ll definitely meet again, sooner than you think.” Tristan and the rest took off into the sky. I waved to them as they all flew away.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-four

Once they were gone, I headed back the way I came. Instead of going toward the gate, I headed down a random sidewalk. Drops of rain began to fall slowly. I sniffed the air and realized that I was being followed. Who the hell could it be this time? I stopped and turned around. I frowned as the vampire came toward me. I recognized the vibe of this one. She stopped in front of me. “Have you seen Tristan?” she asked.
“Um, he just left. Who are you?”
She reached up and removed her hood. “I’m his sister.”
“What?” I spluttered. “Are you joking me?”
“No, I’m not. And you are…”
“Donnica,” I said.
“Nice to meet you. I’m Taylor.”
“Well Taylor, nice to meet you too.” What the hell? How many siblings does Tristan even have? I wonder silently to myself. Ten? A hundred? “I can ah… send him a message if you like.”
“Tell him that I’m looking for him,” she said and disappeared into thin air. Damn them and their teleportation. Okay then, I’ll do that, I thought silently. Sighing, I headed back to HQ. I pulled out my phone and punch in Tristan’s number. The end picked up, but no one said anything. All I heard was the wind in the background.
“Hey, is that how you always answer your phone?” I asked.
Tristan chuckled. “I didn’t expect a call from you so soon,” he mused. “So, what can I do for you?”
“Nothing, but this vampire came up to me asking for you.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, she says she’s your sister?” A long beat of dead silence lingered on the other end.
“Did she happen to tell you her name?”
“Yeah, uh… Taylor?” Another long beat of dead silence.
“Mmm, thanks for telling me,” he said and hung up. What a fucking asshole. I muttered to myself as I reached the gate. I shoved the phone back in my pocket and waited for Gabriella to let me through. When I got inside, the kids were still there. Well, the Kegorah kids were.
“I thought you would all be gone by now?” I asked them.
“Nope, we’re still here,” said Jane. “We’re leaving in like five minutes though.”
“Who you waiting on?”
“Alyssa, she wants to finish watching this crime show first.”
I nodded. “If I don’t see you before you leave. Bye and walk home safely.”
“We will,” she said as I left the living room. I knocked on Trynnadon’s door and opened it. He looked up from his computer as I entered.
“Nice to see you too,” I said.
“Same here?”
“Did Peyton come and find you?” He nodded. “What did she want, if you don’t mind me prying?”
“She wanted to tell me that she loved my artwork.”
“Oh wow.”
“She saw some of it when she went snooping in my room.”
I laughed. “Yeah, I found her sitting on my bed. What’s her favorite of yours?”
“She likes my water paintings.”
“Cool, I have to see some of your artwork sometimes. Anyways, guess who I ran into earlier.”
He smiled. “Who?”
“Taylor Tronis.”
“Tristan’s sister?”
“Yep,” I said, sitting on the edge of the desk. “I think she was there when we took down Dev and his cronies.”
“Hmm, I didn’t see her.”
“Of course you didn’t. You were too busy running around checking for escapees.”
“True, what did she want?”
“She wanted to know where Tristan was. You don’t seem surprise by this.”
“I’ve learn to expect the unexpected.”
“Yeah, of course you have,” I grumbled. I winced as the alarm blared. Trynnadon and I were outside in a flash. It looked like a random human walked into the gate, setting off the alarm.
“It’s okay,” said Gabriella.
“Sorry, sorry, I’m sorry,” the human said quickly.
Trynnadon narrowed his eyes on her. “Heading somewhere in particular?” he asked.
She shook her head. “Not really,” she said, moving quickly away from the gate.
“I suggest you leave now.” She nodded and ran off. Trynnadon stared after her as she disappeared around the corner. His gaze fell on Gabriella. She winced. “What was that all about?”
“I don’t know,” said Gabriella.
“You didn’t see her coming up?”
“I didn’t until the last second.”
“What kind of a security guard are you if you miss things?”
“Sorry, it won’t happen again.”
“It won’t?”
Gabriella took a deep breath and took a step away from him. “It won’t, I swear.”
“First slip up, I’ll let you off, but if it happens again?”
“You’ll drain every single drop of blood from me,” she added when he didn’t continue.
He laughed. “Yes, I will.”
Gabriella whimpered. “I swear it won’t happen again.”
“Good.” Gabriella and I watched as he walked around to the back.
“Did you really?” I asked her. “You know, didn’t see the girl until the last second.” She nodded. “Sucks living with vampires isn’t it?”
She laughed. “Not at all. I chose this so I’m prepared for whatever comes my way.”
“Hmm, good to hear.”
“He wouldn’t really drain me, would he?”
“To the point of death? Probably not. If he did, the Council would be on him.”
Gabriella leaned against the closed gate. “So, speaking of the Council, I haven’t seen Tristan or his… spies?”
“Yeah, they left. From what I know, Ari is the only spy.”
“You know, when I saw Ari. She looked pretty messed up for a vampire.”
I laughed. “Just because we’re vampires doesn’t mean we’re invincible.”
“Yeah, I know, but still.”
I nodded. “Well, I’ll let you go back to your guarding duty,” I said, walking back inside.
Once inside, I headed to my room. I flopped down on the bed and mentally pulled the curtains open and stared out the window. The sun was just barely peeking from behind the clouds. It didn’t really rain like I expected, only a drizzle every now and then. I sighed, and my thoughts wandered back to Tristan. What did he mean when he said we’ll meet sooner than later? Three days, a week, two weeks, a month, a year? What was it that made him who he is, or has he always been a mystery? When I was last in his head, by accident that is, all I could see and hear were vengeance, and boy, whoever was at the top of his list, probably Aiden, better run like hell. From what I know? The Tronis Bloodline? Is the most feared, most dangerous, most unpredictable group of vampires who could kill you if you got on their wrong side, and trust me when I say that’s a side you. Don’t ever want to see. Not. Fun. At all.


* * * * * *



Other books by Alina Meuangkhot:

Book 1: Bloodlust
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/18019


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
