Blood Redemption
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2013 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


* * * * * *



WARNING

This book contains sexual content.


* * * * * *



Acknowledgements

I again like to thank Aaron Ramirez, Bradley Renshaw, and Dallas Wiens for helping me with this book. Your wicked minds are sometimes a wonder to me.


* * * * * *



Chapter One

BRYNNA

Spider webs of crack glass appeared in front of my face, and my ears were ringing as shots rang out in the night. I heard the sound of screaming, and I smelled fresh blood along with gun powder, motor oil, industrial shit, sweat, and fear. I snarled and almost punched the windshield all the way out and be done with it. I parked the car in the middle of Los Vegas busiest strips and glared out the tinted window. I wanted to be out of Los Vegas and fast. I grumbled at my cracked windshield and groaned. I sighed. Oh well, on the Council's payroll it goes. The sirens blared, and I winced. Damn, I silently groaned. Sighing, I put the car back into drive and carefully made my way pass the others. One of the police cars followed me as I got my ass off that street. Cursing, I glared at the officers. Staring into the driver's eyes, I let my compulsion rolled him and pushed the need to turn around and go back into his brain. Smirking, I continued on my way, waving at the officers behind me. In my pocket, my phone vibrated. I took it out and peered at it. Cursing, I answered it. "Are you back in town yet?" Sven growled, clearly annoyed. I didn't even get a chance to say anything.
"What's wrong with you?" I asked.
"I don't know. You tell me," he snapped. "I'm hungry, I'm bleeding, I'm annoyed, and I want to throw this vase of flowers across the room."
I smiled. "Where the hell are you?"
He sighed. "I'm at the Nightlife bar."
"Come get me."
"What?"
"I just got my ass out from being interrogated by the Los Vegas cops."
"What did you do?"
"Me? I didn't do anything. There was a shooting, and I was in the middle of it. My damn windshield almost didn't survive it."
"Fine," he said and hung up. I slipped the phone back in my pocket and pull over to the side of the road. I looked around and found Sven leaning on my passenger side door. Grumbling, I took the key out of the ignition and got out of the car. I went around the car to stand beside him. He looked me over, and seeing no blood anywhere on me, he relaxed slightly. He straightened and went to have a look at my windshield.
"You like?" I asked.
"Not bad," he said. "For a bulletproof glass that is." I snorted. "Come here." I went over to him. He took hold of my arm, and hand on the car, he teleported, reappearing in front of the Council HQ. I scowled at him. "What?"
"You brought me here?"
"Yes," he said and wave to the building. I stepped back from him and leaned on the hood of the car. A moment later, Audrianna stepped through the door and up the steps. She came over to us, blinking against the glare of the sun. I straightened and moved away.
"You think I should bust the rest of the windshield out?" I asked her.
"Wow," she said and winced.
"I know," I sighed. "My poor car."
She smirked. "Go on, I'll get your car fixed up for you." She finally turned to look at Sven who was scowling at the ground. "And you need to get cleaned up or change your shirt or something."
I looked at him and blinked. "I suggest you wash up," I said, staring at the blood. "Come on," I said and headed toward the building. Inside, I dropped heavily onto a chair while Sven hit the elevator. Sighing, I leaned back, my head hitting the wall behind me with a thump. I stiffened as my whole body crawled. Damn, I silently muttered to myself. I didn't move or gasp when the door leading to the stairs opened, and Tristan walked through. "Hey," I said to him.
"Hey yourself," he said and winced when the phone on the counter rang. He glared at it before walking over and picking it up. I gaped at him. "Tronis Inc," he growled into the phone. Holy shit, Tristan taking calls? The world is coming to an end. He blinked at the computer monitor before bringing up some kind of log. "Yes, what's your name?" I straightened and moved to the edge of my seat. "It will arrive in two days at the latest." I glanced at Audrianna who was standing speechless and holding onto the counter. She gave me a questioning look. I shrugged. "Really?" he asked and flipped pages on the clipboard. I'm dreaming, I telepathically said to her. She choked back a laugh and nodded rapidly. Tristan circled something and did some more clicking on the computer. "I'll make sure that your order is sent out." He waited a second before nodding. "No problem, you have a nice day sir. Bye," he said and hung up.
"Oh my god," I said and continue to stare at him.
"You're welcome," he growled to Audrianna.
"Thanks," she said breathlessly. She went through the door and to his side. She peered at the clipboard before looking at the monitor.
"Who is in charge of packing and shipping?"
"Um," she said thoughtfully. "One of the humans. I forgot her name. I'll find out and make sure it goes out."
"You do that." He looked at me. "And what is this busted windshield I'm hearing about?"
"Sven told you?" He continued to stare at me. "Alright fine, it was a stray bullet that hit it." His eyes narrowed dangerously. I put up a hand. "I'm fine, I didn't get hit." He sighed and pushed away from the counter. He came out and went outside. I glowered after him.
"Where is he off to?" Sven asked, walking over to me.
"To check on my car," I muttered. "We ready to go?"
"Waiting on Liana."
"What she doing?"
He shrugged. "Talking with Cailin."
"Talking? Or is Cailin having a snack?"
He grimaced. "I can't stop her even if I want to."
"True that," I said just as the elevator made a ding sound, announcing someone's arrival. It opened a second later, and Liana stepped out. "Did she take a bite out of you?" I asked her.
"Surprisingly, no," she said and nodded to Audrianna. I stood up and put a hand on Sven's shoulder. He sighed, pulling Liana into an embrace, and everything went dark.
We appeared in front of the Night Life bar. I stepped in front of Sven and Liana and pulled the door open. "You first," I said to them. Sven growled and took the door from me. He stood aside, remaining silent and staring. I grumbled and stepped inside. Liana snorted and followed me. I led them to a table in the darkest corner of the bar and sat. The bartender, Cane, came over.
"What can I get you?" he asked.
"Straight up alcohol," I said. "No blood."
"AB negative," said Sven. "No alcohol and hot."
"Hotter than 98.6?" Cane asked.
"That would be nice."
Liana leaned forward, as if for a dramatic effect. "I'll have a nice ice-cold water," she said, and Sven and I looked at her. She smirked and leaned back. "What?" I shook my head at her.
"What kind of alcohol?" Cane asked me.
"Just get me a bottle of whiskey." He blinked at me. "And a cup full of ice."
"Okay, I'll be back with your drinks," he said and left us.
"Hey," I called after him. "Add a basket of hot chicken wings, thanks." I turned back to Sven and Liana and grinned. "So, why here?"
"Rogues," Sven hissed in my ear.
I straightened and inhaled deeply. "You're right," I said and sighed at the smell of old blood on them. We sat in silence, until Cane came over to us with our drinks and my food. "Thanks," I said, taking a long swig of my drink. He thumped the bottle of whisky on the table. I didn't even get to have a wing before he ducked, and pain slammed into me. I gasped, blinking. I slowly put my drink down and raised my hand to my chest to find the hilt of a blade sticking out. I broke out in a cold sweat.
"Oh my god," Liana gasped. "Don't you dare move, Bryn. It's in your heart." Black dots danced before my eyes. I will not faint. The bar was silent, but for the sounds of my gasping and Sven's growl. Cane slowly straightened, and the look on his face was murderous. He turned to the rest of the patrons and snarled.
"How dare you," he said slowly, softly. "Come in here and attack someone." My vision turned red, as hot blood continue to pour from the knife wound. "Can you read?" he asked, his eyes focused on the two rogues at the other side of the bar. One of the vampires got up and made for the door. It didn't open when he pushed at it. "Sit down," Cane snapped at him. Ducking his head, he slowly went back to his table.
"Cane," Sven growled. Before Cane could turn to look at him, the temperature in the bar dropped. In my red hazed of a vision, I saw Tristan and Elijah appearing in front of our table. With no effort on his part, Cane pulled the table out of the way. I felt hot hands on the side of my neck before my world spun, and everything went black.
I moaned, opening my eyes. What the hell happened? Everything came back to me in a rush. I jerked upright and wished that I didn't, as waves of dizziness washed over me. "Fuck," I groaned, pressing a hand to my stomach. When I was sure I wasn't going to fall over, I took in a deep breath, letting it out slowly. Across the room, the door opened, and Elijah entered, Sven right behind him. I still felt like shit. My blood burned, as my anger grew. "Well, fuck!" I exclaimed. "That really fucking hurt!" Ignoring the twinge of pain, I got up and looked around angrily. Spotting my stash of knives, I picked one up and threw it across the room. I growled when it didn't stab Sven. He plucked it from the air and set it on the small table by the door. "I didn't even get to enjoy a freaking wing before that ass of a fuck nut started practicing his knife throwing. Do you know how insulting that is?" Elijah's hand was suddenly around my wrist, preventing me from picking up another weapon. "Hey! Let go of me!" He came closer, way too close for my liking and held me in an unbreakable hold. I fumed, snarling, trying to break free.
"That's enough, Bryn," Elijah whispered in my ear. I let out a screech. He grunted, my fangs stabbing into his upper arm. I swallowed a mouthful and jerked, tearing at the flesh. He only held on tighter. I growled, cursing at him.
"Let me go!"
"No," he said calmly. That only made me angrier. I screamed. I could feel him going taut as a cable. I screamed, until the sudden brightness of the light cut me off. I quickly turn my face into Elijah's chest and snarled-my eyes stinging like a bitch. I continued to snarl, and eyes squeezed tightly shut, I pulled back a little. I growled as Elijah shifted me. Sniffing, I caught the scent of blood. A cup was pressed to my mouth.
"Retract your fangs," said Tristan. I did as I was told and growled at him. I opened my eyes to find that it was Sven holding the cup of blood. Elijah finally released one of my hands. I don't know if it was luck, or catching him off guard, my hand shot out and hit Tristan, sending him to the floor. Sven hissed and stepped away from me.
"Stop!" Elijah snarled. I froze, my skin tingled as the sudden urge to obey overcame me.
"Could have done that a minute ago," Tristan growled, flashing to his feet. I watched, unable to do anything. Elijah held out his hand for the cup. Sven handed it over, and it was pressed into my hand.
"Now," Elijah growled. "I want you to drink it." Mentally seething, I brought the cup to my mouth and drank. When it was empty, Sven stepped forward and took it from me. A second later, I felt like myself. "Behave."
"Yes, sire," I said through gritted teeth. His arm tightened around me before releasing. I slipped from his lap and onto the floor.

"Come to the kitchen," said Sven. "I saved your food and drink for you." He smirked. "And I didn't kill the two rogues." He held his hand out to me. After a long second, I sighed and put my hand in his, letting him pull me to my feet. He led me from the room, down the hall, down the stairs, and to my kitchen. I pulled away from him and grudgingly sat at the table. Elijah and Tristan came to stand on either side of me. I heard the beep of the microwave as Sven heated up my food. When it was done, he brought it over to me, along with the whisky I didn't finish. I ate and drank, glowering. The kitchen was silent, so silent that I could hear the light wind blowing outside. I finished off my last chicken wing and got up, taking both plate and cup to the sink. The three vampires stood very still, their eyes on my every move. I washed my hands and quickly dried them off. A pale hand flashed in front of me and snatched the paper towel out of my hand. I sighed as Elijah wiped the dried blood from his arm, and winced at the torn sleeve of his t-shirt.
"Sorry," I muttered. He didn't say anything, which always made me nervous. "How long was I out?" I asked, glancing out the window and to break the silence.
"Four hours," said Sven. "Give or take." Night had fallen, and I was itching to drive my blade into skin, tissue and bones. Standing in the kitchen's doorway, Tristan let out a loud long sigh. Elijah closed in on me, and I stiffened. He slipped his hands into my pockets. I growled at him. His eyes met mine, and I quickly looked away. I grabbed a hold of his wrists before he could pull out my pair of handcuffs, mini stakes, gun, and the lethal silver blade. I gasped, as his cold hand was suddenly around my own wrist. He took hold of my other hand, and holding both my hands in one of his, he stripped me of my weapons. I growled, snarled, fumed, but I couldn't break free. He finally let go of my hands, only to yank me against him. Ignoring my curses I was throwing at him, he pulled more blades off me, sheath and all. Once he released me, I made a grab for the gun. "Oh no you don't," Sven growled and caught me. I shouted at them as he dragged me from the kitchen and into the living room. He pushed me onto the couch, still growling. I kicked him and moved in a blur, slamming him to the floor. I hissed and gasped as we struggled. I groaned, my back hitting the floor. His hand slammed into me, knocking the wind out of me. I gritted my teeth and freed one of my hands. Sven grabbed it before I could smack him upside the head. His whole weight came down on me, and I snarled. He pinned me, and I wasn't going anywhere anytime soon.
"Let me go, you fucking bastard," I said tightly. He bared his fangs at me, and my own extended. He smiled and leaned closer.
"No," he whispered in my ear. A shadow fell upon us, and I met the gaze of Tristan. Sven pulled back, and before I could fight my way free, a wave of sleep hit me. My body relaxed, and I couldn't do anything. Sven got off of me, and Tristan bent, taking me into his arms. He nuzzled my neck and sighed. I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer.
"Sleep," he said softly, and blissful darkness closed around me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

When I woke up, I was alone. I sat up and looked around my room. I sniffed the air and caught the scent of Sven right outside my door. I groaned and fell back on the bed. "Sven," I growled. "I know you're out there." The door opened, and I launched myself off the bed. I came to an abrupt stop in front of him and scowled. Sven straightened from his defensive stance and sighed.
"Are you calm yet?" he asked. "Or do you wish to go for another round with me?" I pushed him, hard. He flew back and hit the wall behind him with a grunt. "Damn it you Brynna," he growled in annoyance. I huffed and leaned against the doorjamb. He slowly got to his feet and cross his arms. "How's your chest?" I frowned thoughtfully and poked my own chest where my heart should be.
"Fine," I muttered when I didn't feel any pain.
"Wonderful." He held his hand out to me. I just stared at it. He let out an exasperated sigh. "I was told to bring you to your sire. Now, please take my hand." When I didn't move to take it, he growled and made a grab for me. He caught hold of my shirt, a split second before everything went black. "You know how uncooperative she is?" he asked and shoved me toward Elijah who caught me in an embrace.
"What?" I grumbled at my sire.
"Thought you might have a few words for the rogue that tried to kill you," Elijah said dryly.
I squirmed in his arms. "A few words?" I snarled. "I have more than a few fucking words."
"Clearly," he said before everything once again went dark. I pushed myself away from him and flashed to one of the holding cells. Elijah was suddenly in front of me, blocking my way.
"Move," I growled.
His hands landed on my shoulders, squeezing. "You will do this calmly."
"No fucking way!"
"Yes," he growled, dropping his hands to his side. "You will." He stepped aside and unlocked the cell door. Inside, the rogue snarled and made a lunge for me. My hand shot out and punched through her chest. Elijah groaned as hot blood coated my hand, sliding down my arm to hit the floor with a loud splat.
"Hey to you too," I said to the gasping rogue. She clawed at my arm, digging her fingers in and tearing at the flesh. Grimacing, I squeezed a little. She froze, going very still. "So, why did you throw a knife at me?"
"Isn't it obvious?" she wheezed.
"Yeah, you tried to kill me." She gave a pained laugh, and Elijah's hand caught hers before she could rip my heart out. His other hand went to my arm and tightened until my fingers uncurled from the heart. He pulled my hand from the rogue's chest and pushed her back. Her head cracked against the wall behind her, and she was out. Elijah slammed the door shut and relocked it.
"I think that's enough for tonight," he growled.
"It won't be enough until I kill her," I said through gritted teeth. He ignored me. Resting a hand on my shoulder, he teleported.
We reappeared in an office. Tristan sucked in a breath and choked on whatever he was drinking. Coughing and eyes watering, he glared at us. He set the cup on his desk and pulled opened a drawer. He took something out and tossed it to me. I caught it and looked at the pack of wet wipes. "Get out," Tristan growled to me. I turned to the opened door and flashed down the hall and into a bathroom. I ripped the packet opened and wiped the blood off my arm. After the fourth or fifth wipes, I finally washed it with soap and water. A minute later, I stepped from the bathroom and went back to the office. I went over to Tristan and held out the remaining wet wipes to him. He took it and dropped it back into the drawer. "I take it that went really well?"
"No," I huffed. "I want to kill her."
"Of course you do."
"Can I?" I asked hopefully.
Tristan leaned back in his chair and inclined his head thoughtfully. "No."
"Why?" I practically yelled at him.
His eyes narrowed on me. "You know why," he said softly. I mentally let out a long-frustrated scream. Both Elijah and Tristan winced. "Enough," he growled, and my hand found the desk and held on as pain exploded in my head. It was only for a brief second, but it felt like an eternity. Tristan got up and closed in on me. "You are a huntress, and part of being a huntress is to have patience."
"I don't have that," I complained.
"I know you don't." He stroked my cheek and stepped back. "Go hunt." I groaned and rubbed my eyes.
"I'm not hungry," I muttered and strode from the office. I beg to differ, sweetheart. "Get out of my head," I called back and flashed down the stairs. I pushed the double doors open and went up the steps to the parking lot. I was half way across it when a figure stepped into my path. I stopped and scowled at her. Iris, wearing a UCLA shirt and faded blue jeans, smiled at me.
"Where you going?" she asked.
"Hunting."
"Can I come along?"
I grunted. "Don't care." She stepped out of my way, and I continued walking. She followed silently as I led her down a few blocks, down an alley, and into a quiet residential neighborhood.
"You look like you want to kill someone," she finally said, stepping up beside me.
"I do," I growled.
"Anyone special?"
"Yeah, Tristan." At this announcement, she came to an abrupt stop. I turned to look at her. When she continued to stare at me, I sighed. "I was just kidding," I said, exasperated.
She laughed and shook her head at me. "You are unbelievable." She took in a deep breath and looked around. She chuckled. "Speak of the devil." I groaned and closed my eyes.
"Bite me," I said, massaging the back of my neck. My eyes flew open when I felt cool hand on my arm. Iris was no longer in front of me. "Oh, hey Tristan," I said cheerfully. He smiled evilly and pulled me into an embrace. Damn it, I silently growled. "So, you decided to follow me?"
"Yes," he growled in my ear. I pushed uselessly against his chest. He chuckled, and I stiffened when his tongue licked slowly against my pulse.
"I didn't mean it literally," I said and squirm, trying to loosen his hold.
He sighed. "You know better than that," he said, and I gasped at the sharp sting of pain. He groaned and pressed his mouth more firmly on my neck. He took one hard pull of my blood before Iris finally pulled out her gun, aimed it at him, and fired. Tristan stiffened and went limp. She caught him before he could knock me over with his weight. I reached up and carefully removed his fangs from my neck without tearing it even more. Iris lowered him to the ground while I pressed my fingers to the still bleeding wound.
"Let me guess," I drawled. "He told you to shoot him."
She shrugged. "Nope."
I blinked at her. "Really?"
She smirked. "I thought you needed help is all."
I snorted. "Thanks."
"No problem," she said and nudged Tristan. "Wake up," she sang. She kept this up until his eyes flew open. She swallowed back a squeak and jumped back.
"Put that away," he said softly. When she didn't move to do so, he growled and mentally jerked it from her hand. He got up from the ground and pointed it at her.
"What are you doing?" she asked nervously.
"I wonder," he said thoughtfully. "What would happen if I just?" There was a soft pop. Iris and I gasped. Iris looked down at herself. Seeing nothing, she frowned up at Tristan. I realized, belatedly, that the gun was pointed up.
"Oh my god," she breathed.
Tristan chuckled. "Do you think I would actually shoot you?" he asked and handed the gun back to her. She carefully took it from him, and after looking it over, pocketed it. Without another word, he disappeared into thin air.
"Well shit!" Iris exclaimed.
I laughed. "Come on," I said and led her up a driveway. She continued cursing under her breath as I rang the doorbell. It opened a few seconds later. I didn't wait for niceties-I looked her straight in the eye and let my compulsion rolled her. "Invite us in?"
"Come in," the teenager with dyed yellow hair and wearing tight clothes that showed off more skin than was necessary said in a bored tone. She opened the door wider and stood back. We entered, and I nodded to Iris. She growled something as I moved farther into the house. I felt a pressure in my head, and I slammed down on it. Instead of vanishing like I hoped it would, the slight barely noticeable pressure remained. Silently cursing, I moved quietly through the house. I inhaled deeply and entered one of the bedrooms.
"Who the hell-?" I grabbed him before he could even finish his question and sank my fangs deep into his neck. I almost moan out loud as I drew the hot, sweet blood down my throat. After what felt like only a few seconds to me, I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and licked the wound close. I looked him in the eye and smiled.
"You won't remember seeing me," I said sweetly. "You won't remember anything that happened to you." I licked the blood off my lips and lowered him to the bed.
"Bryn," Iris called. "Come on." I sighed and stepped from the room. I glowered at her, waiting for me at the opened front door. I followed her outside and closed it behind me. We gasped, stumbled, and almost fell over at the pulsing energy that was thick and heavy in the air. Holding my breath, I flashed down the driveway, not pausing when I hit the street running. When we were about a mile away, I stopped and looked around. My skin felt tight, too tight. Out of the shadows, a hand shot out and closed around my throat. I would have fallen from the shock of energy that jolted through me if the hand wasn't strangling me. I heard a snarl in my head, and then everything went dark.
I didn't even get a chance to take in air before I found myself slammed to the dark blue carpet. I stayed there, immobile. When nothing but silence greeted me, I slowly got up. I turned around to find Tristan, standing still like statues, not breathing, and blanked of all emotion say for the energy crackling from him. He was blocking the only escape from the apartment, which was the door. I heard a moan, and I looked behind me. I blinked. "Kira?" Her eyes opened, and she quickly scrambled away from the wall. Where the hell was Iris? I shook my head and pushed the question back. Kira, now hyperventilating, got up and slammed into Tristan's room. Oh great, I thought. With my spine crawling, I followed her. Gasping, trembling, she dropped onto the bed. I sat down beside her. I put a hand under her chin and forced her to look at me. "You," I growled. She flinched. "Lost control again, didn't you?" She gulped. I snarled and pushed myself off the bed. I exited the room and headed straight for Tristan, my stomach lurching. I stopped in front of him and looked up. "Second time?" I asked softly. I braced myself for the answer. He didn't even twitch. A hand landed on my shoulder and gently, but firmly moved me out of the way. Evelyn stepped up to him and leaned in, whispering something in his ear. Have a seat, Brynna. She said in my head. I didn't grumble like I usually do and went to sit on the couch. A few seconds later, Sven, Cole, Liana, and Cailin appeared. Tristan still didn't make a move. He remained silent and still. I could hear Kira gasping and sputtering in the next room. Elijah appeared in front of me. He glanced at Tristan and flashed into the room where Kira's panic attack was abruptly cut off. He came back out and dropped down beside me. "You didn't kill her did you?" I asked him.
"No," he said coolly.
I stared at my sire for a long time while Evelyn continued to whisper in Tristan's ear. "Have I lost control before?" I asked carefully. If I had, I couldn't remember it.
He smiled chillingly, which was answer enough. "Once." I groaned and slumped against him. He chuckled and effortlessly pulled me into an embrace. Grumbling, I snuggled into him.
"Where's Iris?" I asked against his neck.
"She's upstairs." He trailed his fingers through my purple hair and sighed.
"Don't say it," I warned.
"I wasn't going to say anything." I tried to pull back a little to look at him, but his arm tightened around me. I grumbled and pressed the tips of my fang to his jugular. He stiffened. I smirked and willed my fangs to retract.
"Will he be okay?" I whispered.
"He will be," he said, suddenly sounding tired.
I frowned. "Have you rested at all these past days?" I asked and squirmed, feeling agitated, worry creeping its way into me. My sire leaned back on the couch and looked me in the eye. I forced myself not to look away. I held onto his arm, keeping myself from leaning against him. I heard a long sigh from behind me. Elijah looked past me and seemed to relax even more.
"I don't know how long he will be out," Evelyn said and tug at a strand of my hair. "I gave him TP2 so his beast should be caged when he wakes up." Elijah nodded and took a syringe containing a light blue liquid from her. I felt Evelyn leaning into me. "You should dye your hair orange," she whispered in my ear. I grinned.
"I heard that," my sire growled. She laughed, flipped him off, and stalked away. I inclined my head and chuckled. "Don't you dare," he warned.
"What?" I asked innocently. "You didn't mind it when I dyed it purple." He groaned, closed his eyes, and stared helplessly up at the ceiling. I laughed and rested my head on his chest. "Okay, okay," I said, giving in. "I won't do it." I took the syringe from his hand and uncapped it. "Does this work? What does it do?" I straightened as much as I could, and turned around. He pulled me down onto his lap. I held onto the syringe when he tried to take it from me. "Seriously, what does it do?" My fingers clenched painfully as we played tug of war with the thing. Elijah growled and tried as I might, I couldn't win. He pulled the syringe from me and recapped it. "Tell me," I said, begging.
He sighed. "It keeps our beast from coming out and stems our urges to bite."
"Really?"
"It's not a hundred percent, if that's what you're wondering."
"How long does it last?"
"Two hours at the most."
"When do you poke yourself then?"
"When we're about to lose it," he said dryly. I turned my head to look at him. "No," he growled before I could even ask it. I frowned at him. He smiled, and bared his fangs which was fully extended, and very, very sharp, and? I was in biting distance of those fangs.
"Uh?" I looked around me and found only Sven who was leaning against a wall, an amused look on his face. "I don't suppose you can help me?" I asked and glanced back at Elijah.
"He's not doing anything yet," said Sven.
I looked at him sharply. "Are you blind?" I asked and looked at my sire. I put a finger to one of his fangs. Elijah stopped breathing altogether and went very still. I blinked at him.
"You're provoking him," Sven warned. I ran my finger down the length of it, until my fingertip was directly on the sharp needle-like point. "Bryn, are you planning to get yourself killed?" Sven asked, moving from his position at the wall. I drew my hand back and with all my strength I could mustard, pushed away from him and flashed to the door. Elijah, looking like I punched him in the stomach, gasped, going taut. I could see the blue veins in his arm as his muscles bunched together. "Nice going," Sven growled. He flashed over to Elijah, and with difficulty, took the syringe from his pocket. He uncapped it, stabbed it into Elijah's neck and pushed down the plunger. I watched, not wanting to miss anything. Sven pulled the empty syringe and dropped it on the side table. I went to stand beside him. My sire shuddered violently and slowly began to relax. After a minute, he looked at us.
"I'm still hungry, you know," he snarled. Sven and I looked at each other.
"You feed him," I said.
Sven stepped back, shaking his head. "Uh uh, he's your sire, you feed him." He smirked. "I'm going to check on my sweet, sweet, oh so sweet sister." He waved and disappeared into the bedroom where Kira and presumably, Tristan were. I growled and plopped down beside my sire. He had an amused look on his face. I pouted at him.
"Is Tristan in there?" I asked, nodding to the closed bedroom door.
He smirked. "Yes, why do you ask?"
"Just wondering."
"Oh?" I stiffened and leaned away from him as he drew closer to me.
"Yeah," I said and raised a hand to protect my precious neck. Seeing this, he chuckled under his breath and covered my own hand with his. I went rigid when his arm came around me and jerked me to him. He forced my hand down and nuzzled my neck, inhaling deeply. "Only a little," I grunted. He sighed. My whole body tingled just from being near him. Then again, it never really went away. Oh no, not with him, nor with his siblings. It was a constant reminder of what kind of vampire you were dealing with. My sire groaned, and to my amazement, pushed me away from him, and disappeared. Half on and half off the couch, I just stared at the spot where he was a split second ago. That was where Sven and Tristan found me, looking dazed and wondering what the hell was going on.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

"Pinch me," I moaned into the cushion of the couch. I flipped over when I felt Tristan looming over me. I got up and stood before him. I looked him up and down carefully. He ran his hand over his military cropped hair and sighed. He too looked tired, and I bet stress wasn't making it easier. Tristan went over to a wall, bent, and pressed his hand on it. I gaped as the wall slid aside to reveal monitors, lots of monitors.
"Holy shit," Sven said in shocked.
Tristan straightened to his full height of six foot six and turned to us, a remote in his hand. "This," he hissed, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. "Is all California." He hit a button on the remote, and one of the monitors came to life. Sven and I watched California civilization as if it was a movie, but it wasn't. It was real life and very much live. Another monitor flickered to life. This one automatically caught my attention. At the bottom right of the screen read 'Riverside Park, Riverside California', and there was an address. I watched as people moved about. It looked like a freaking crime scene. The screen suddenly paused on a body. Sven and I moved closer. I gritted my teeth as I came up beside Tristan. It was like walking next to a bomb that was about to go off. His clawing energy wrapped around us like a vice, slowly pulling us in. It took all my effort not to bolt from the apartment.
"A vampire?" I asked.
"Fuck," Sven growled.
"Shit!" I exclaimed. "He's on the move. When I find that Bradley prick, I'm going to shove my foot so far up his ass he won't be able to move for a century!" From behind me, Tristan growled. Shit, I didn't even notice him moving. "A fledgling?" I asked, glancing at him.
"Yes," Tristan hissed and turned the monitors off. I shuddered when he moved to the security monitors and studied it. He reached down to something I couldn't see and pushed down on it. There was a click, and I again was shocked into speechlessness when the whole wall swung outward. He straightened and nodded to us. "Come closer." Sven and I carefully made our way toward him and stopped. I leaned forward a little to get a better look. I gasped and jumped back a step.
"It's a fucking pit, trap, or something," I spluttered. I scowled at Tristan. "Anyone else know about this?"
"The ten members of the Tronis line," he growled. Oh, damn.
"Can we see what's down there?" Sven finally asked.
"Of course." I gulped when he fell silent and didn't move. "Come closer," he said softly. I looked at Sven. "Now," Tristan whispered. I swallowed, took a deep breath, and stepped up to the edge. I felt Sven beside me. We both looked into the pitch blackness, wondering what the hell was down there.
"Why are you now showing us this?" I asked. Sven and I gasped as the room got even more charged. "Tristan, what are you doing?" I tried to turn my head to look at him, but I couldn't. Stomach churning, I felt his cold hand on the side of my neck. He stroked it and chuckled.
"I'm showing you this," he said, both in my head and out loud. "Because I want to." Okay, this was sounding more like a bad idea. "But you just can't walk in there." Definitely a bad idea, I thought. "I'm also showing you this, because?" I let out a small scream when I heard the sound of steel being drawn.
"What are you doing?" Sven and I shouted in panic.
"You're my best hunters," Tristan hissed. Before I could even blink, before my brain could even register what he just said, I felt my neck being slashed open. I screamed just as cold hand shoved me, and I was falling. I heard a loud pop in my ear, and then arms were around me. I grabbed tightly to whoever it was and moaned pitifully while tongue gently licked my wound close. After a moment of me moaning and being comforted, I pulled back to see who held me. Riordan looked back at me, grimacing. He let me down and stepped away. I looked around and found Sven in Evelyn's arms. She sighed and let go of him. Eight more vampires stood around us. I shuddered and touched my neck, sticky and wet with blood.
"Tristan," I growled. "I'm going to kick your ass!" I yelled.
"Me too," Sven muttered.
"Well," said Evelyn. "It was either that or death, and mind you, a slow and painful one."
"What?" I spluttered. Riordan put a hand on my arm before I could say anything else.
"She is telling you the truth," he said and halted my attempt to wipe blood from my neck.
"Where are we?" Sven asked. "And I don't see blood anywhere, say for Brynna and me."
"It evaporated during your flight down here," said Cailin.
"Magic," I said slowly. "I should've known. Is there a bathroom down here?" I asked.
"No."
"I have to pee." I mentally snorted. Yeah right.
Riordan laughed and patted me on the head. "Nice try huntress, no bathroom, because you are in a secret vault."
"The Tronis bloodline has a secret vault?" I asked.
His eyes narrowed on me. "Don't you dare spread it around," he warned.
"Or I will kill you," Elijah growled in my ear.
"Touchy," I drawled.
"Bryn," Sven groaned. The crackles of energy swirling in the air got even more charged than it already was. I gulped. Riordan jerked his hand from me and stiffened. He stepped closer to me. Actually, the whole circle did, forcing Sven to stand shoulder to shoulder with me. I swallowed audibly. I went rigid and forced the panic down. I looked around the circle of ten vampires and let out a shuddering breath. I slowly turned to Elijah and hoped he didn't decide to kill me right then and there.
"Sorry," I said. "I wasn't going to do such a thing," I mumbled.
"Tread carefully, hunter," he growled. "I will not tell you again." I mentally staggered when his compulsion slammed into me. "You will not say anything about the vault. Nothing leaves this room. Is that clear?" The compulsion lifted, but the buzzing of an order or a command from sire to childe didn't. I couldn't do anything but stare at him. "Is that clear, Brynnalae?" Oh shit, he used my whole first name. This was not good. I sucked in a sharp breath and nodded.
"Yes, sire," I whispered. "I won't say a word." After a very long silent moment of staring me down, he gave the barest of a nod and jerked his gaze from me. Slowly, the circle widened, until they were at least five feet from us. When I turned back around, Sven leaned into me.
"Brynnalae?" he whispered in my ear.
I hissed at him. "Don't call me that," I growled. "Remember what happened last time?" He growled and took a step back from me.
"Okay," said Evelyn. "I think that's enough." She broke away from the circle and cross to the other side of the huge vault. She whistled, and I winced at the shrill of it. Cailin, Riordan, and the others jerked like they've been slapped in the face. "Snap out of it," she drawled. She looked at one of them and smiled. "Allia," she said cheerfully. "Come help me." Allia, tall, very pale, blond like the rest of her siblings, and two years younger than Tristan, growled and stalked over. She grasped the handle of one of the cabinets lining up the circular room and yanked it open. Before I could lunge forward, I was yanked back. I grunted. Beside me Sven cursed. I looked at him who was being held back by Tristan and laughed. "Oh, this is priceless," Evelyn choked. I looked back at the large cabinet which was filled with antique swords of all sizes and type. It gleamed behind its protective glass case. I dug my fingers into Elijah's arm and tried to pry them from around me.
"Give me that fucking sword," I said, grunting. "Last time I wield that thing was in-"
"1413," Sven growled, interrupting me.
"Yes," I panted. Grunting, Evelyn slammed it shut, blocking my view. I snarled, cursing at her. Still cursing, I watched Casiar walking over to another cabinet and yanked it open. He looked back at me and Sven and chuckled.
"Drool worthy, isn't it?" he asked, smirking as I stared at more weapons. "Don't you have some of these at home?" I nodded, unable to speak.
"There are more than swords and knives and shields down here," said Taylor. She nodded to the two cabinets I got a look at. "These are stuff we've collected over the centuries."
"No shit," I growled. "And you've been hiding it from us?"
"Of course," said Cailin. "If we didn't, someone like you wouldn't hesitate to steal it." Point taken, but still. I grumbled.
"Anyone of you carrying a sword right now?" Sven asked.
Cailin laughed. "One out of ten is carrying, and you should know who it is." Sven and I turned to look at Tristan. He inclined his head in question.
"So?" I asked.
He smiled, revealing fangs. "What?"
Sven turned around and smirked. "Mind if I feel you up?" he asked his sire.
Tristan chuckled. "Yes, I do mind." Sven grumbled and inhaled deeply. I leaned closer to Tristan and did the same. Silently laughing, he stood straighter and let us sniff him out. Steel, metal, gun oil, poison from the silver blade, cash, his natural scent, and blood. Following the scent of steel, I reached out and found the hilt of the sword at his back. His cold hand went over mine, preventing me from pulling it from its scabbard. I pouted. "Not likely," he said and pulled my hand away. "Now, be a good girl and keep your hands to yourself." He smiled when my fingers twitched in his. He looked at Sven who raised his hand.
"You realize this vault is hunter heaven?"
Tristan stared at his first child ever created and pulled him into an embrace. "Yes," he whispered in Sven's ear. "I know." I straightened in my own sire's arms and sighed. Before I could think of her, Elijah held me tighter.
"Don't, sweetheart," he whispered in my ear. I took in a deep breath, now feeling utterly miserable. Argh, why did it have to pop up in the middle of an awesome happy moment? I sighed again and nodded, shoving the memories back. Tristan reached out and gave me a gentle squeeze before releasing both me and Sven. With a brief tightening of his hold on me, Elijah dropped his arms and moved back a step.
"So," said Sven. "Do we get to see what's in the rest of the cabinets and cases?"
"Afraid not," Allia said, walking back into the circle of vampires with Casiar and Evelyn following behind her.
"Damn," I muttered. "You guys have stuff I don't have."
"Too bad," Evelyn sang. Sven and I grumbled. "I think we are done here. We just wanted to show this to you both." She put up a hand before I could protest. "Not a word." She looked at Tristan. "If you don't mind?" Tristan grabbed Sven and me, and everything went black.
When we appeared back in the apartment, I pulled away from him. I cross the floor and plopped onto the couch. Sven went up the two steps to the door and leaned on it. I looked back at the wall full of monitors and wondered how long it was there. "Ten years," Tristan replied, an answer to my silent thought. "The vault is a hundred feet below the compound."
I nodded. "How much blood did you make us spill?" I asked dryly.
Tristan's eyes went to the dried blood on my neck and the front of my shirt. "I don't keep count," he growled, his hunger rising. I shifted nervously. There was a flash of red in the air. Tristan dodged and snatched the bag of blood. With a hiss, he sank his fangs into the bag, quickly draining it. When he was done, he tossed it into the trashcan beside the table in front of me. He looked between me and Sven. The one bag of blood was clearly not enough, and the air in the room got harder to breathe. He went over to the wall of monitors and stepped on something, triggering the wall to slide shut with a whoosh.
"How do you open that?" I asked. He turned and pinned me with a look that could kill. I gulped. Sven muttered a curse under his breath. "I said I wasn't going to say anything about it," I said quickly.
"That," he growled. "You did." His eyes bored into mine, and I shuddered from the intensity of it. "I got a report of a murder," he said, low in his throat. "One of my children is out of her mind again, and I'm starving, and I'm not in a mood to play twenty questions. Get out before I rip both of your throats out." Before I could get up and walk out of the apartment, the room once again went dark. I yelped as I landed on my ass outside the door.
"Sorry," said Sven. I glared at him and got up. Get off the floor, Tristan snarled in my head. I knew he didn't mean get my ass off the floor, walk to the elevator, and get in. Sven stared at the door nervously before grabbing me. "Last teleportation I swear. At least from me," he said and teleported. Crisp cool air hit me as we appeared outside the Council building. I stepped away from him and inhaled deeply.
"Refreshing, isn't it?" Allia's voice floated to us in the breeze. I nodded and looked around for her. I found her standing on the rooftop, looking down at us. I jumped and landed beside her. She caught me as I staggered from the waves of power she was giving off. Making sure that I wasn't going to fall off the edge, she let go of me.
"I'm going to go feed," said Sven. "Nice to see you Allia."
"All the same," she replied and nodded to him. "Good hunting, hunter." He snorted, turned, and walked away.
"It has been a while since I've been back here, the heart of the Council."
"How long?"
"Two hundred years."
"Do you remember much?"
"I do. California has changed last I was here."
I looked down at the parking lot. "That it has," I said, sighing.
"Why did you come out here?"
"It was either that or my throat being torn out."
"Ah, Tristan I presume?"
"Yep," I muttered. I looked at her. "Are you staying?"
She smiled. "For the time being, why do you ask?" I shrugged. "You best get going then." When I didn't move, she growled. Oh, okay then, got that loud and clear. I jerked my eyes from her and jumped from the roof, landing in a crouch. I glanced back up at her. She groaned and turned from me. Shuddering, I straightened, and ran into the night.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

KIRA

I woke up in a cold sweat. Breathing way too fast for my liking, I jerked into a sitting position and looked around. The air was cold, heavy, and thick with power. I pressed my hand into my stomach and hunched over. Shuddering, I slowly got up and walked to the closed door. I clenched my hands into fists, trying to calm myself down, but it was hopeless. Taking in a deep breath, I reached out and open the door. I gasped when the blast of energy hit me. Only my hand on the doorknob kept me from stumbling backward. I didn't want to go out there. I really didn't want to, but it was now or never. I finally looked out. With the feeling of doom, I stepped from the bedroom and walked to the middle of the living room. My stomach clenched, and I inwardly groaned. It felt like the air was closing in on me. I didn't look up when I felt him directly in front of me. I whimpered as his energy tightened. My head suddenly jerked up on its own accord to look at him. Oh, snap, was all I could think of before pain seized me. I dropped to the floor, unable to scream or make any sound. My vision blurred as hot tears stream down my face. Tristan dropped down in front of me. I mentally shrieked as he reached out and dug his fingers into my neck, not to the point of breaking the skin, but it sure felt like it. Jerking me to him, he snarled in my ear. "Have you ever felt your brain exploding from your skull?" I couldn't even answer him. "I'm very close to giving you a demonstration, sweetheart." No no no, please no. My neck burned where his fingers made contact. "I'm disappointed in you," he hissed. "Very, very disappointed." I'm sorry, I mentally shrieked. "Are you?" he asked softly. "Are you really?" Yes. I arched as the pain increase. Black dots danced before me. "You will not faint on me." I mentally sob like a freaking baby and tried to keep myself conscious while it felt like I was being mentally whipped raw. My world went dark as an invisible force of a freight train slammed into my stomach. I was yanked back into consciousness in a whirlwind of pain. Stop, stop stop stop, I begged. "I love you like you are my own biological daughter," he hissed in my ear. "Don't force me to kill you, child." I'm sorry, I repeated. "I'm sorry too," he whispered. "I'm sorry for this." He snarled and drove his fangs deep into the side of my neck. Tremendous pain slammed into me, and I was out.

TRISTAN

Red, red red red, all I saw was red. God fucking damn it! With Kira limp in my arms, I got up and flashed up the two steps to the door. I willed it to unlock and open and stepped from my apartment. I mentally reached out to my siblings as I walked down the hall and fought with the beast inside me. Rebecka met me half way. She took one look at me and snatched Kira from my arms. "Now now brother," she said sweetly. "Be a good boy and lock yourself up." She laughed and jumped back as I made a grab for her. Giving me the finger, she disappeared into thin air. I dug my fingers into the back of my neck and let out a snarl. Riordan appeared in front of me and winced.
"You look like you want to rip my throat out and throttle me at the same time," he mused. "Which will it be?" I growled. "Throat ripping it is," he said. I sucked in a sharp breath and groaned as my vision wavered. I let out a shuddering breath at the burning pain of the silver chain wrapped around my neck. Riordan reached out, grunting at the pain as he tightened it. My hand shot out and yanked it from him. "Shit," he growled. In a blur, I dropped it and lunged for him. He grunted as I knocked him to the floor. Before I could do more to him, hands grabbed me and jerked me back. I hissed and snarled. Twisting around, I bared my fangs and drove it into my sister. Cailin gasped and kicked me, tearing her arm even more in the process. I choked and cough
, spewing the blood onto the floor. There was a surge of energy, and then Allia was on me. I growled and pushed her. Riordan and Cailin grabbed me, and a gasp escaped my throat as they hit me with a mental slash. The silver chain flew through the air and dropped around my neck. I hissed. Everything went black.
Was it just my imagination? Or was I on fire? I groaned as what felt like tongues of flame licking along my skin. My eyes slowly opened to find darkness. Thank the world for small favors. I made to get up, only to hiss out a vicious curse when something cold and burning shot up my arms, adding to the pain I was already in. I looked around the small confined prison, might as well call it that, and growled. The urge to jump the first person to enter the room was still beating at me like a caged animal. The only thing keeping me from breaking down the door ten feet away were the chains holding me to the floor, and the two pairs of handcuffs around my wrists. The handcuffs weren't your ordinary, everyday, steel ones. Nope, they were what I called power strip which was like a magical zip tie, preventing me doing something like teleporting myself out. The other pair on me was the bladed one used to apprehend rogues with. If you tried to break free from it, two inches of venom-coated blade would imbed itself into your skin until you stop struggling or someone deactivated it. The third one, currently still in my pocket was the voltage kind, shooting over a hundred thousand volts of electricity throughout your body. Whoever cuffed me had the good sense to take the damn keys, grrrr. The fresh scent of my own blood and the metallic smell of venom permeating the air weren't helping any, and to make it even worse, I was fucking naked-nothing to dull the pain from the god damn chains. My harsh breathing and growling were the only sound in the room. I was going to murder one of my siblings, one of these days. I reached out with my mind, the only thing I could do until the power strip was off, and let rip a snarl. Gasps and hisses of surprise hit me simultaneously. I smirked and chuckled. Release me, I telepathically hissed at them. I'm not doing it, Rebecka huffed in my head. I heard grunts of agreements, and I growled. Elijah let out a resign sigh. Allia, you're helping me, he growled. Allia let loose a stream of curses, and my vision dimmed as agony ripped through me. I screamed which turned into a roar. The bladed handcuffs cut my wrists opened and blood began to make small puddles on the concrete floor. Vision blurred in pain and taut as cable, I managed to hit the deactivate button on the cuffs. The door opened slowly. Everything once again went black. My ears throbbed painfully. I barely got enough sense not to lunge for the human in front of me. When I was sure words would come out of my mouth instead of snarls, I jerked my gaze from the human's throat and look him in the eye. "What's your name?" I rasped.
"Ben," he replied tonelessly.
I did a quick walkthrough in his head. "Give me the keys. Now." He reached in his pocket and pull out two small keys-one white and one silver. "Give it to me," I snarled. He reached out and dropped it onto my palm. Grunting in pain, I unlocked both of the cuffs. The human flew back as energy crackled around me. With a sharp mental command, the chains flew off of me. I glanced at the door and realized it was closed and locked. I curled into myself and groaned. A second later, the silver chains, handcuffs and keys disappeared into thin air. I'm going to release him, Elijah growled in my head. Without a warning, the human gasped. I glanced up at him.
"Where the hell am I?" he asked, the smell of fear pouring off him in delicious waves. "What the hell are you?" he continued, panic rising in his voice. "Your eyes keep changing from black and white. What the fuck are you?" He looked to the door, and it was a wonder I didn't attack him? yet. "And why the hell are you naked?" I looked at myself. Yeah, I was completely naked alright. Ben pressed himself into the wall, rubbing his arm, as if it would help him. "This is not prison." Prison? I blinked at him, and sure enough, he was wearing an orange jumpsuit.
"What are you in for?" I growled.
"Murder," he said shakily. I slowly got up and made my way to him. Swallowing hard and trembling, he cringed. "What are you doing?"
"Tell me," I whispered in his ear. "Who did you kill, hmm?" I dug my fingers into his stomach, and he screamed. Blood poured onto the floor, and I groaned. His screams turned into shrieks when fangs found the soft skin over his carotid artery. Snarling, I sank my fangs deeper. Bones snapping under my hands, I took him to the floor. Snap, crack, pop, I gulped the clean blood down. After that, only silence met my ears. I groaned and tore out his heart and one of his livers before I finally forced myself to stop. He was dead, and there was no point to it, although the pleasure of killing still ran through me in hot waves. Mouth still firmly on his neck, I growled and tore out his throat. Yes, I was still hungry. Only this time, I was hungry for vampire blood.
"Holy shit!" I turned my head to the door. Ari yelped and took a step back. Taking in a shuddering breath, she slowly stepped into the small room. "Come on," she sighed. "Get up." When I didn't move, she came toward me, holding out her hand. I growled at her. She flinched, but kept coming. "Tristan," she said softly. I barely heard my name over the pounding roar in my ears. She crouched before me. "Let me help you." Growling, I grabbed her. She screamed as I teleported, reappearing in the bathroom of my residential home. Realizing that I wasn't going to kill her, she shoved me into the shower. My hand hit the tiled wall, catching myself. I turned to her and sighed. Ari looked down at herself and huffed, pulling off her bloody shirt and dropping it to the floor. My gaze dropped from her neck to her breasts. I groaned and jerked my eyes away. She laughed, and I could hear her dropping her pants. The smell of arousal grew, and I got harder. Groaning, I turned on the shower, hissing as the cold water hit me. I stood there as the temperature turned from cold to almost scalding hot. "You know," Ari said from behind me. "I never saw you like that before." I grunted-her hands sliding from the back of my neck and downward. I washed the blood off myself and turned to face her. Taking the bar of soap from her, I quickly soaped myself all over and washed it off. I growled at her when she continued to watch me. It wasn't helping any that I wanted inside her. She smirked and snatched the soap from me. I stepped from under the water and leaned against the opposite wall, steaming air swirling around us. I inhaled and took in her scent. My vision briefly went dark, and I found Ari directly in front of me, looking both concerned and a little scared. I leaned close to her and bared my fangs.
"Has anyone told you how dangerous it is to be around me?" I growled.
She gulped. "Yeah, I saw it for myself."
"Mmm, you only saw the aftermath, sweetheart." Speaking of? I mentally reached out and punched Elijah. I'm on it, he growled.
"True," she said after a long second. She ran her fingers through her wet hair and tilted her head back, exposing her throat to me. I hissed. "Have I told you how hot you are when you're all growly?" She gasped as I rushed her. I switched off the shower and pressed her into the wall.
"You have not," I growled. I lifted her up and thrust inside her. She moaned and wrapped her legs around me. Groaning, I licked the pulse at her neck and sank my fangs in deep.
"Fuck," she gasped as I thrust myself deeper. She clenched and unclench around me. Drawing in one last sweet mouthful of hot blood, I withdrew my fangs and licked closed the bite wound. She clutched at me and baring her fangs, she gave me a questioning look.
"Don't need to ask," I gasped. "Bite me."
"Just checking," she said, and bit me. I groaned loudly. With one final hard thrust, I came, long and hard. Ari pulled back and screamed. She arched, pleasure coursing through both of us in blissful waves. When it was over, I pulled out and let her down. She rested her head against my chest and purred contentedly. I chuckled and pulled away from her. I turned on the shower and she gasped at the cold water. I quickly wash up again and stepped out. Ari shut off the water and followed me from the bathroom. I pulled on clothes and walked to the door, leading into the hall. Stopping, I turned.
"Anywhere you need to be?" I asked. Dressed and looking satisfied, Ari snuggled up to me. I put an arm around her and smirked.
"Riverside," she finally said after a minute or two. I nodded and teleported. Pulling back, I gave her a quick kiss. She spluttered when I backed away and launched myself into the sky. "Hey!" she complained. "That was hardly a kiss!" I love you too, sweetheart, I mentally growled. She huffed. Glaring at the rising sun in the distance, I propelled myself to Los Angeles.
A few minutes later, I dropped from the sky and jumped the gate leading to the NSC's headquarter. Gabriella, the ever-vigilant guard, let out a small scream. I sighed. I really need to do something about their security. I walked up to her. She instinctively took a step back from me. "No need," I drawled.
"What can I help you with?" she asked, looking anywhere but at me. She jumped when I put a hand on her arm.
"You know, Gabriella," I said softly. She swallowed audibly. I pulled out her gun and checked it. "I can be on you in a blink." I held out the gun to her. She took it and chambered a round. I smiled, and it wasn't a friendly one. Her breathing and heartbeat sped up even more, as I walked to the front door.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

ALYSSA

Black dots danced across my vision as my head hit the mat, hard. I cursed and rolled onto my stomach, panting. My body ached all over. I groaned and pushed myself into a sitting position, sweat dripping into my eyes. I was about to give Trynnadon a good one, but we both froze when the door across the huge sparring room open. "Wesley," said Trynnadon.
Wesley shifted nervously and looked behind him. "Tristan is here." I gulped. "He should be right behind me."
"Uh oh," I muttered.
"Come in," Trynnadon said and held his hand out to me. I took it and was on my feet in a split second. The door opened wider, and Wesley entered followed by Tristan. They came to a stop just before stepping onto the mat. My nostrils flared, and I took a step toward Wesley. He gulped and backed into Tristan who caught my eye. I was under before I could even think about looking away. Everything went blurry, and it felt creepy.
"Stop," Tristan growled. My body stopped moving, and I couldn't do anything, but stare at him. "You will not bite him. Is that clear?"
"Yes," I said tonelessly.
"When you are done here, you will take in four pints of blood." He smirked evilly. "Next time, you will bring a couple of bags down here when sparring." He gave me a cold look. "Because," he said softly. "If you happen to accidentally kill one of the humans living under this roof, I will rip out your heart, slowly." He smiled, revealing his very, very sharp fangs. "You won't remember this, until you are alone." Out the corner of my eye, I saw Wesley glancing between the three of us and walked out of the sparring room. I blinked and shook my head.
"You compelled me," I spluttered.
"Secretive much?" Tristan asked, looking past me to Trynnadon and ignoring me.
Trynnadon shrugged. "Apparently, it's no longer a secret."
"Indeed, it is not. You have been working her," he said, looking back at me.
"I have," Trynnadon said slowly.
"Might I acquire to why?"
"I want to be a hunter," I blurted out.
Trynnadon groaned. "You said a protector."
"Is there a difference?" I sidestep until I could see them both.
Trynnadon sighed. "Yes, there is a difference."
"Like?" I asked slowly when he didn't continue. I looked at Tristan who had an amused look on his face. He smiled, but remained silent. "I want to kill rogues," I said, glancing between the two of them.
"Protectors don't kill rogues," said Trynnadon. "Well, unless you are given permission of course."
"And hunters?"
"They can."
"What happens when a protector run into a rogue then?"
"You apprehend them and bring them in."
"To who?" I shifted nervously when Tristan's eyes narrowed. "Oh wait, never mind. I'm guessing the Council is judge, jury, and executioner?" Tristan tilted his head back and let out a long sigh. "I take that as a yes." He sighed again. "Am I in trouble?"
"No," he said dryly. "Your sire is." Uh oh, I silently thought. I mentally reached out. "Oh no you don't," Tristan growled, and I shuddered as a cold sensation ran through me. "You are not going to warn him of my visit, my dear." Damn! He smiled again, only, it wasn't a nice one. "Damn indeed," he said and was gone. Trynnadon and I stared at the spot where he was standing a split second ago. I groaned.
"Okay," I said. "Give me the basic rundown of vampire laws besides the one I already know. Go."

ARI

I snarled, putting another custom-made bullet into the skull of a rogue. He dropped and let out a piercing scream. Lucky for him, it wasn't going to eat him from the inside out. I pocketed the gun and stalked over to him. I grabbed him by the shirt and hauled him to his feet. "Sven!" I shouted. "Got another one!" I hugged the rogue to me and ran. "If you try anything," I hissed. "I'm going to chop off your balls and feed it to you, got it?" I reached up and caught the bullet as it slowly dislodged itself from his head. I yelped when it burned into my palm. "Shit," I gritted out. I came to a stop and shoved him toward Sven. The rogue let out another scream and hit the ground as Sven mercilessly broke down the mental barrier the rogue had tightly in place around his mind. Gasping in pain and using my own shirt, I grabbed the bullet and pulled. "Damn it," I groaned.
"Give me that," Sven said, sighing. He held out a small pouch to me. I dropped the bullet into it and kicked the rogue for good measure. I turned from them and clutched my hand to my chest. Holy fucking hell, did it hurt. I glanced back, just in time to see the rogue's neck snap. Sven dropped him and stepped closer to me. "Turn back around and let me see." I slowly turned and reluctantly let him see my burnt hand. He winced. I stared at the angry redness of it and sighed. "Is that going to heal?"
"It better," I muttered.
"Actually." Sven and I went on alert. I stiffened when Cailin stepped from the shadows and made her way over to us. "It won't heal on its own."
"Awww son of a bitch," I growled.
Cailin stepped closer to me until I was forced to tilt my head back to look at her. She leaned down to me and pressed her wrist to my mouth. "Bite me." I hesitated for the briefest of seconds before sinking my fangs in deep. Cailin's blood felt like I was eating one of those candies that fizzed and pop in your mouth. I held back a moan. "That's enough." I withdrew my fangs and licked closed the wound. "And congrats," she whispered in my ear, so low I had to strain to hear her. I blinked. What the hell was I being congratulated for? "For bonding with my brother." I spluttered and stumbled away from her, feeling all of a sudden very, very hot all over.
"What?" Sven asked. Cailin straightened, and she was holding back a laugh. Blushing furiously, I glared at her. Sven looked at both of us like we've lost it. Ah, mated for life, Cailin sighed in my head. He wanted you from the beginning, you know. I groaned. "What's the secret?" Sven asked. "Ari, you're blushing." When neither Cailin nor I responded to his questions, he flashed to me. He pulled me to him and inhaled deeply. He let go of me and stumbled backward. Cailin finally burst out laughing. Feeling like I've been put out on display, I just stood there, blushing even harder. "Fuck me," Sven said slowly and softly. "I-I?" He shook his head. "I?"
"Am speechless," Cailin finished for him. Sven opened his mouth and closed it. She chuckled.
"Fuck me hard," he said and laughed. "Oh damn, I'm going to give him hell for this." Sven reached out and punched me gently on the shoulder. "Nice going."
"Stop it," I moaned. Cailin was about to say something when a groan sounded. We all looked to the rogue.
"Damn," Sven growled. He pulled out a blade and stepped toward him. He pressed the tip of it to the rogue's jugular. "One slip of my hand and Cailin will be on you in a heartbeat."
"Who the fuck is Cailin," the rogue spat. I winced.
"Let me kill him," Sven growled.
"You got what you wanted?" Cailin asked. He nodded. "I don't care, kill him if you like."
"Who the fuck are you to give permission?" the rogue snarled. "You're not on the Council. You can't give orders." I felt the displacement of the air behind me, but I didn't bother to look to see who it had arrived. Besides, the weird humming-like feeling in my blood told me who it was without looking. I held back a shudder, as Tristan slowly made his way over to Sven and the rogue. "You're right," he said to the rogue. "She can't give orders." Cailin and I closed in on the rogue who had an 'oh shit look' written all over his face. "But I can," Tristan growled and whispered something to Sven who nodded.
"What?" I asked. "What did he say?"
"Nothing important," Sven said casually. I glowered at him. "Back up." I backed up and saw the rogue's eyes go wide. A split second later, I yelped and flashed into the trees before the blood flying through the air could hit me.
"How about a warning?" I yelled. I huffed in annoyance and flashed back to them. The only person with blood all over was Sven and the dead rogue lying decapitated and heartless several feet away. He was methodically cleaning his blade like there weren't two vampires standing nearby, eyeing him hungrily. I sighed, and swore under my breath when it caught the attention of Cailin and Tristan. Sven sheathed his blade and looked around. Knowing what he was going to do, I lunged for him. I knocked him to the ground, and he grunted.
"The hell are you doing?" he asked, voice muffled against the cold ground.
"You were going to teleport on me."
"I can't," he muttered.
I let up on him. "Really?"
"Yeah, now get off me." He grunted as I dug my fingers into his back. He chuckled under his breath. "If you rip out my spine, Tristan won't be happy with you." He lifted his head and found Cailin. "Tell her," he said to them. I stiffened when Tristan's hand landed heavily on my shoulder. Sven took this moment to throw me off of him.
"Hey," I gasped and winced as I hit the ground hard on my back. I got up and growled at him. Cailin stepped between us.
"As interesting this may be, we need to clean up," she growled. I sighed and pulled out my phone. I dodged when a fireball, flung by Cailin, flew by me. Scowling at the screen, I punched speed dial.
"Ari," said a cheerful female voice.
"Tory," I said just as cheerful. "I was wondering if you could do me a huge favor."
"Let me guess," she said. "You need a cleanup crew."
"Is it that obvious?" I asked. Tristan chuckled. I glared at him.
"You only call me for one reason. Where you at?"
"Highland Park," I grumbled.
"Highland what?" she shrieked.
I almost dropped the phone. "Shit, Tory!" I exclaimed. She growled and hung up on me. "Asshole!" I shoved the phone into my pocket and started walking. The uneasy tingles at my back told me that someone was following. "I am going to ignore you," I said dryly.
"That would be a bad idea," Tristan said slowly. I grimaced. "Don't you think?" I sucked in a sharp breath when he stopped me with a finger. I gasped as the jolt ran from his fingertip and into me.
"Jesus," I hissed and turned to him. He dropped his hand and sighed.
"If you go any farther, you're going to end up surrounded by humans." I frowned at him. He pointed to my chest. I looked down and blinked at the blood drying on my shirt.
"Oh. God damn it. I'm going to kill Sven," I muttered.
Tristan narrowed his eyes on me. "You are?"
"Yes, you want to watch?" His lips twitched. "What? I'm being serious."
"I know." Sven stepped from the trees, and I knew something was wrong. Oh shit, I thought. He walked over to us and stopped before Tristan. "What is it?"
"Found another body," Sven hissed. I braced for an explosion of energy from Tristan, but it didn't come. Instead, he remained calm and that was scarier than him being angry. "Liana called me a minute ago. I would like to join her at the scene." He looked at his sire expectantly. After a long minute of silence, Sven let out a relieved sigh and disappeared into thin air. I watched Tristan, who looked like he was having a silent conversation with someone. I turned and ducked as a freaking arrow whizzed past me. I hit the grassy ground with a grunt. I heard a gasp and a gurgle-the fresh scent of vampire blood thick in the air. My skin prickled at the thrum of power around me. I let out a scream, but it was muffled when Tristan slapped a hand over my mouth. He inhaled deeply. Satisfied with whatever he was searching for, he pulled me up and led me back into the surrounding trees.
"Who was that arrow meant for?" I asked. Not surprisingly, he didn't answer my question. I glanced up at him. Out of nowhere, Cailin appeared and grabbed me. I gasped, and then winced as Tristan went flying.
"We have to go now," Cailin whispered in my ear and teleported, appearing on the fourth floor of the Council building. She released me and unlocked the door in front of us.
"What is Tristan up to now?" Riordan asked the moment we entered.
"Who says anything about him?" Cailin snapped.
"What crawled up your ass and died?"
She growled and slammed the door shut. "Another fledgling found decapitated." I shifted and edged away from them, because the room suddenly felt very claustrophobic.
"Really?" Riordan growled, all humor gone.
"I just said that," she hissed.
"Yes, and I got stabbed in the ass by an arrow," I said and leaned on the window behind me.
"You did?" Allia asked dryly, her voice muffled behind the closed door Cailin stood in front of.
"Yeah."
"Hmm, Cailin, if you don't move, I'm going to smash you into the wall."
"I prefer that," Cailin said, sighing.
"Very well." I tense for the door to crash opened, but it didn't. Instead, it slowly opened, and Allia reached in and pulled Cailin out of the way. She pushed the door open wider and stepped inside. I grimaced as the room went even more charged. Behind her came the rest of the Tronis siblings. The last vampire into the room held something in his hand. We all turned and eyed Tristan curiously. All eyes fell on me as I cross the room to the mini refrigerator and opened the freezer. I reached in and grabbed a grape flavored freeze pop and closed it. I turned to them and held it out to Tristan. After a very long two minutes of silence, he finally moved to his desk and opened a drawer, retrieving a scissor. He took the ice pop from me and cut off the edge. He handed it to me, and I stuck it into my mouth, sighing at the cold liquid and the taste of grape.
"Seriously?" Evelyn finally said, looking at me.
"What?" I asked.
"Into the next room," Elijah said before Evelyn could spout something at me. They all disappeared through another door, and I reluctantly followed. The room was bigger, and in the center of it was a huge conference table. Whatever was about to go down didn't sound appealing in the slightest. A split second later, Sven, Liana, Jade, Isabelle, Tory, Trent, Preston, and the rest of the hunters, spies, and watchers appeared around the table. I let out a squeak. I was so never going to get use to that. Ian looked at me from across the room.
"You do realize you're eating Kira's ice pop?" he asked.
I shrugged. "She won't mind it." He gave me a dubious look. I shrugged again. "Speaking of her, where is she?"
"Currently unconscious in her sire's arms." I just stared at him. He sighed. "Behind you," he muttered. Oh. I turned around, just in time to see Kira's eyes pop open. She let out a pained groan and started struggling.
"Sit," said Avery. "Now." Someone took hold of my shirt and pulled me to the table.
"Sit," Raina hiss and pushed me into a chair. I heard the snap of the door closing. The room fell completely silent. With Kira, dazed in his arms, Tristan stalked to the only available chair at the table and yanked it back. He slowly sat-his eyes went all around the room, not missing a thing. Kira moaned and squirmed in his lap. Tristan palmed her forehead. She sighed and relaxed, her eyes fluttering shut and nodding weakly to a silent command. He removed his hand and flicked something onto the table. It rolled to my end, and Loria slapped her hand down on it before it could fall onto the floor. She picked it up and stared at it. We all did. Rebecka wrinkled her nose in disgust.
"I was wondering what that smell was," she muttered. I took the syringe from Loria and uncapped it. I couldn't see what was inside, but I could detect a hint of the tang of liquefied metal. A small bowl appeared in Elijah's hand, and he slid it across the table to me. I picked it up and looked at the small silver bowl. It was thick all around, and when I tapped on it, it didn't make a ringing sound like I thought it would. Elijah sighed. I smirked and set the bowl back on the table. I again uncapped the syringe and emptied it into the bowl. Rebecka and the rest of her siblings leaned away, as far as they could manage without toppling themselves over and onto the floor.
"What the fuck is that?" Brynna asked. "It's fucking black."
"No idea," Iris muttered.
"Well fuck! Where the fuck did it fucking come from then?"
"How should I know?"
"Does anyone fucking know?"
"Brynna," Elijah snapped.
"What?" she exclaimed.
"Stop."
"Why? I'm fucking pissed. I fucking hate fucking surprises! I rather-"
"Sluta!" Tristan finally snarled, and I could've sworn the whole building shook. "Om du inte kan kontrollera tungan i detta rum, freslr jag att du lmnar! Eftersom jag inte kommer att vnta p dig att lugna ner! Om du inte kan snra en mening utan att sga fan, Sg ingenting! r det klart?" No one moved-no one so much as even breathe. It felt like falling into a dark tight tube and being stuck in there while claustrophobic sets in. Kira's arm hit the table as Tristan leaned forward and pinned Brynna with an icy stare. I inwardly shuddered as my whole body crawled uncomfortably. Looking like she wanted to stab him in the throat, she nodded, her mouth clamped shut by force of will. He passed Kira to Jailyn and got up from his chair. Elijah reached out and grabbed his arm, stopping him from whatever he was about to do next. He leaned in and whispered something. Tristan blinked and let out a grunt. Rubbing his temples, he sat back down. He looked around, and a shiver ran through me when his eyes flashed white. Elijah leaned down and continued to whisper in his ear. After a moment, Tristan nodded and disappeared into thin air. It was once again, eerily silent.
"Do you need to leave as well, Brynna?" Elijah asked, clearly irritated by her. She shook her head stiffly and scowled at the tabletop. "Remain silent unless you have something important to add."
"Yes, sire." With that, the lights came on, blinding me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

HANNAH

"Go to Tronis Inc and report what you witness." Brulia leaned against the counter of her potion shop and sighed. The warm soft heavy bundle of baby squirmed restlessly in my arms. I looked down at Jillian and smiled when I found her emerald green eyes staring back at me. "She is so cute," Brulia said and reached out. "May I hold her?" I passed my daughter to her, and making sure that she wasn't going to fuss, I walked around the store in interest.
"So, vampires really do exist?" I asked for the hundredth time.
"Yep." She sighed and shuddered. "I should warn you though. They are pretty intimidating. At least the ones I know of."
"Great," I drawled. "And you want me to go to Tronis Inc which is owned by vampires and report what I saw?"
"You can't report seeing a guy ripping out someone's throat to the local cops, can you? They'll think you're crazy." I grumbled. "Just don't make any subtle movement or let show how scared you are." I sighed and came to a stop in front of her. "You can do it," she whispered and handed a sleeping Jillian to me.
"If I get my throat torn out, I'm going to haunt you in the afterlife."
"Deal," she said as I left her shop.
Half an hour later and steeling my nerves, I got out of the car. Going around to the back-passenger side door, I opened it and unbuckled Jillian from her baby seat. Wrapping her in a blanket, I shut the car door and looked around. Taking a deep breath, I went down the steps and to the heavy double doors. I reached out and pulled it open, grunting with the effort of it. I stepped inside and went to the counter. It looked like a normal business building, except for the fact that my skin crawled the moment I entered. There was no one behind the bulletproof glass, and I frowned at the button on the far left of the counter. Was it for announcing visitors? Or was it an intercom or something else? Taking another deep breath, I reached out and pressed it, praying that it wasn't a fire alarm. The prickling feeling at the back of my neck suddenly came to life. I held back a shudder and slowly turned to face a very tall, very pale figure. This must be a vampire; I thought and held back another shudder. "Hi," I said and held my baby a little tighter.
"Hi," he growled. Okay, maybe I shouldn't have come over here after all.
I gulped. "Do you know Brulia?" I blurted and mentally slap myself.
He smirked. "I do."
I took in a deep breath. "She told me to come here to report something." I shifted nervously. "Something the local police won't believe."
He inclined his head. "I see?" He finally looked from me to the baby, and his gaze locked on her throat.
"Sir?"
He blinked and jerked his gaze back to me. "Sorry," he said and cleared his throat. "This way." I reluctantly followed him to the elevator and got in. He hit the fourth floor and looked at me. "I'm Avery."
"Hannah," I said. "And this is my daughter Jillian." He held his hand out to me. I shifted Jillian so that I could reach out and shake his hand.
"Nice to meet you, Hannah."
"Nice to meet you too." I pulled my hand back just as the doors slid open. I stepped out; turning left and followed him down the dark hallway. Avery stopped in front of a closed door. After a few seconds, he opened it.
"Come on in." I stepped into the office and walked to the center of the room. He closed the door and strode over to the desk. He sat down and turned to face me. He pulled out a chair and nodded to it. "Please, have a seat." I went to it and slowly sat. I ran my fingers through Jillian's baby soft blond hair and waited. Avery leaned back in his chair and rested his arm on the desk beside him. "What is it you wish to report?" he asked softly. Before I could open my mouth to answer, he stiffened and straightened, tilted his head to the side. He sighed. "Whatever happens, Hanna, do not scream." He glared at the door. "What are you doing back?" The door crashed open. I let out a gasped and hunched over Jillian protectively. I watched in amazement as Avery moved in a blur, sending the other vampire into the filing cabinet. "Tristan?" he growled. "Why are you back?" Tristan snarled, and my stomach did summersaults when I saw his fangs. Panting and growling, he glared at Avery, and then his eyes landed on me. I swallowed, hard. I looked at my daughter and wondered why the hell she wasn't waking up and shrieking her head off. Tristan hissed and shoved Avery from him. In a heartbeat, he was looming over me. I whimpered and clutched Jillian closer. I felt Avery beside me, but I didn't look up. A chill ran through me when I felt Tristan's hot breath tickling my ear. I whimpered.
"It's nice to meet you, Hannah," he growled, low in his throat. Was he reading my mind? Oh, fuck. "I am," he hissed. I squeaked as his cold hand rested on the back of my head and forced me to look up into his blazing black eyes. I gulped as his thumb pressed gently over my racing pulse. "May I hold your daughter?"
"D-don't take her away from me, please," I begged shakily.
He smirked. "Would I do such a thing, sweetheart?" I gulped and stiffened as he put a finger on her forehead. "She's a sweet little thing," he said with a sigh. "Hmm, she wasn't with you when you saw this?" He tilted his head back and dropped his hand from me, searching for a word. "Event," he finally said.
"She wasn't," I whispered.
"Mmm," he said thoughtfully, making a circle with his finger. "Baby Jillian is not waking, because Avery is holding her asleep. The moment you entered this building, she would have? how did you put it? Shriek her head off." He looked to Avery who shot out his hand and stabbed a syringe into Tristan's neck and pressed down the plunger. He stepped back slightly and let out a long groan. His eyes rolled to the back of his head, and he shuddered. He took in a deep breath and collapsed into Avery's vacated chair.
"What's wrong with him?" I asked.
"He's fine," said Avery.
"But."
"I'm fine," Tristan said slowly and blew out a breath. Shaking his head, he got up and walked across the office and opened another door and looked in. "Sven?"
"Yes, sire?"
"Join me for a minute." Tristan stepped back from the door as another tall pale figure stepped through. "Close it." Sven closed the door behind him and leaned on it. "How much longer is the meeting?"
"It's about done."
Tristan nodded. "Tell your mate five minutes and have her pass it on." Sven nodded, and I stiffened when his gaze landed on me.
"Who's this?"
Tristan smiled. "This is Hannah Sulli, and her daughter Jillian." Gulp, he knew my last name too? Not good. "She has something to tell us."
Sven straightened, going on alert. "Does she?" Tristan cross the room and started clicking away on the computer. When he didn't answer, Sven looked at me. "Do tell."
I took a deep breath and leaned back on my chair, shifting Jillian higher on my chest. "Well, I saw a guy ripping someone's throat out." I grimaced. "I didn't stick around to watch."
"When was this?" Gulping, I shifted nervously, not meeting his eyes. The temperature in the office suddenly dropped, and I again hunched over my daughter. "Hannah?" Sven growled in a warning.
"Two weeks ago," I squeaked. Tristan stopped typing, and the pounding of my own heart grew louder in my ears. The three vampires looked at each other for a very long time. Sven grimaced and nodded. He came over and smiled at me.
"Come with me, please."
"Where are you taking me?"
"My office." I got up slowly and looked at the two other vampires. Sven chuckled and put a hand on my shoulder and led me to the door. Avery opened it, and Sven had to practically force me from the room. "I'm not scary like the others," he whispered in my ear. "I promise."
"I don't believe you one bit," I muttered.
"Come on, help me out here," he said, amusement clearly in his voice. I inwardly sighed. He led me down the hall, passing the elevator. Stopping at another closed door, I heard the jingling of keys, and his pale hand reached out to unlock it, pushing it open. He waited, until I took in a deep breath and stepped into his office. He followed me in and flipped on the light before closing the door behind him. I stiffened when Jillian's eyes fluttered open, and she began to cry softly. Sven gestured to a comfortable looking chair, his eyes glued to the baby in my arms. I went over and slowly sat down, my eyes never leaving him. I hugged Jillian to me and comforted her best I could without sound. Sven walked to his desk and sat on the edge of it. "Hannah," he said softly. "If I wanted you or your daughter, I would have done it the moment I caught your scent in the air."
"That's not helping," I squeaked and inhaled the smell of baby into my nose.
He smiled, and it wasn't a nice-to-meet-you smile. "I was just letting you know."
"Are you reading my mind too?"
"Yes," He chuckled. "It's kind of hard not to." I groaned and silently curse as Jillian squirmed uneasily. "I love to find your ex-boyfriend and have him for a snack though."
I stiffened. "He's in prison."
"I know," he said, his eyes narrowing dangerously.
"Could you not read my mind, please?"
He stiffened and almost fell off the desk. I did not know why, but my whole body suddenly felt like it got a shock awakening via live wire. He smirked. "Of course." He reached across his desk and picked up the phone. He dialed and waited. "Brulia," Sven said in a somewhat cheerful tone. "My favorite witch," he drawled into the phone. "How are you doing on this very fine, fine night?" He chuckled. "Oh really?" With this one-sided conversation, I had no idea what they were talking about. I really hoped my name wasn't on the topic of the night. "Now now, I wouldn't do such a thing. My sire on the other hand?" He shrugged. "He's in a very, very foul mood. You know how he is." He smiled evilly to whatever was said on the other end. I jiggled my daughter and frowned at Sven thoughtfully. Sire? Was that the person who made him a vampire? Or was it another term for something else? "Why did you wait two weeks to tell Hannah to come here?" I grimaced and silently grumbled at him. "Oh, I know why, but I like to get both sides of the story." He glanced at me, and I swear I saw someone else looking back at me. I shuddered and gulp. "Like I said, witch, I wouldn't do such a thing, especially not with a very cute, sweet thing of a baby, with bright green innocent eyes in her arms." He inclined his head thoughtfully. "Very well." He smiled. "I'll see you then," he said and hung up.
"She's coming here?" I asked.
"She is."
I squirmed under his scrutinizing gaze. "Who are you?"
He blinked at me. "Sorry?"
"You're not Sven."
"Why do you say that?"
I pushed back the urge to get up and make a run for it. "Your eyes," I said softly.
He chuckled. "You are very observant," he said approvingly. "Very observant indeed."
"So," I squeaked. "You going to tell me who you are?"
Sven tilted his head back and laughed softly. "No," he said simply. "I'm not going to." With that, he went limp and did hit the floor this time. He grunted and blinked up at me. I held back a laugh. Jillian cooed happily. Sven got up and dropped into another chair across from me. "Don't laugh at me," he said to her. "It's not nice, you know." I smiled as Jillian burbled.
"I don't think she can understand you just yet," I said.
"Oh, I think she can," he said, smirking. He sighed and stood up. "Let's go to the main floor." He opened the door, and I got up to follow.
Down on the main floor, I leaned against the counter and absentmindedly stroked Jillian's arm. Sven was beside me, talking to Audrianna. He had told me her name when I looked at her questioningly. I smiled and headed outside for my car, feeling Sven's eye on me as I went. I went up the steps to the parking lot. Opening the car door, I grabbed the baby cradle from the backseat. "May I help you?" I turned my head. She smiled. "I'm Jayr," she said, walking over to me.
"You're not going to hurt my daughter, are you?" I asked suspiciously.
"Not a scratch." After a minute of fighting with myself, I reluctantly hand Jillian over to her. Jayr cooed softly to her and looked at me. I shut the car door and nodded to her.
"After you," I said. I followed her back inside and through another door. I frowned.
"This is the lounge," she said. "This is where everybody gathers together."
I nodded and moved to one of the couches, putting the cradle down. "What do they gather for?" I asked, rearranging the blankets.
"Just to hang out or to go before the Council." I blinked, taking Jillian from her and settling her in. Jayr laughed. "What, just because I'm a vampire, that doesn't mean I don't have laws to follow." Interesting, I thought, sitting down. What kind of laws would vampires have to follow? Feed on animals only?
"Oh, I would have to end my existence if that were the case." Jayr and I turned to the double doors at the other side of the large lounge.
"Tristan," Jayr spluttered.
"Your senses not cooperating with you?" he asked dryly.
"My senses are fine," she muttered under her breath.
"Is it?" Holy shit, he heard her clearly from all the way across the room? I inwardly shuddered. "If that were so, you would notice one of my sisters is eyeing you like a delicious Capri Sun." Jayr squeaked and spun around. "Oh dear," Tristan said slowly.
"God fucking damn it!" she exclaimed. I stared at the female vampire standing taut in the corner. The vampire snarled and disappeared into thin air. I think my fear level just went up a hundred notches. They can teleport, too? Damn! I anxiously patted Jillian and gulped as Tristan slowly close the distance between us. He stopped before Jayr. I didn't think she even breathed as he leaned down to nuzzle her.
"You shouldn't have done that," he hissed softly, causing me to break out in a cold sweat. Thank god, Jillian was asleep. "For Hannah's piece of mind," he continued quietly. "I will not give a show." She squeaked. "Have you not learned anything, Valintin?" He tightened his grip on her. She let out a gasp of pain, and then he was just? simply gone.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

KIRA

My head? Was fucking pounding. I moaned and covered my head with a pillow. I also felt like I had the worst case of the flu. My life fucking sucks, I silently groaned. Feeling utterly miserable like you wouldn't believe, I decided to stay in bed. Of course, that was when the door opened, and my hunger decided to awaken. "Erg!" I exclaimed and tightened the pillow over my face-attempting, but failing to suffocate myself. "It's about time you woke up." Corinne's voice drilled painfully into my ears. I moaned again and pulled the blanket over my head, shoving the pillow aside. The bed dipped a little as Corinne sat and yanked the blanket off me.
"What?" I groaned.
"Sit up."
"Don't feel like it."
"Come on," she said coaxingly. "It's dinner time." I finally looked at her, and my mouth watered at the sight of the cup of blood in her hand. She laughed and put an arm under me, lifting me into a sitting position. She put the cup to my mouth, and I inhaled the warm blood. I took it from her and downed it-the clinking sound of fangs against glass loud in the silence. "Want more?" she asked. I nodded. She pulled away from me, and I slumped back onto my pillows. "If you want to get better, you should beg him to help you."
"He won't," I mumbled. "You should try crying and blubbering like an idiot, and see if he would listen to you."
She got up, walking to the door. "That is unlikely," she said and slipped from the room. I heard a sigh, and I let out a small scream. I rolled off the bed, hitting the floor with a loud thump.
"Honestly, how do you survive?"
"Cole!" I screeched. "Where in the world's god damn fuck did you come from?"
"I've been here all along."
"What?" I squeaked, my voice muffled by the carpet. He sighed, sounding a whole lot closer to me. I shivered as he picked me up into his arms. I turned my face into his chest and groaned. He sat down on the bed and held me. I was not going to cry, damn it.
"Cole," Corinne gasped.
"Cor?" he responded, drawing out her name. I heard her coming closer, and her hand landed on my back.
"Time to turn around, Kira." Shaking violently, Cole turned me until I was looking at Corinne.
"You got a straw?" he asked dryly. She handed the cup to him and teleported from the room, reappearing a few seconds later with a straw in her hand. She dropped it into the cup and took it from him. "If you start having seizures, I am not going to be happy." Cole said, brushing my sweaty hair from my face and tightened his grip around me. Corinne put the straw to my lips, and I parted it just enough for her to slip it in. I sipped at the blood and moaned.
"Where's Tristan?" she asked.
"No idea," Cole said flatly. "Would you like me to call him?" He chuckled. "He's not in a good mood."
"When is he ever?"
He shrugged. "He's on his way." Corinne gasped, and my last mouthful of blood went down the wrong tube. I coughed and spluttered.
"Now?" I squeaked.
"I didn't say you can call him," said Corinne.
"He didn't," a voice said from the shadows.
"Told you so," Cole said and loosened his hold from around me. This only made me shake harder.
"Damn," I stuttered. I moaned when I felt Tristan's heat wrapping around me.
"Thank you, Cole," he said and took me from him.
"You're quite welcome. All she did was sleep, sleep, and sleep." I snuggled into Tristan, wanting to get closer to the warmth of his body and away from the cold. I buried my face into his neck and breathed slowly and deeply. The heat swirled all around me, and I sighed happily while feeling like shit.
"Hey, she's awake," Donnica said from the doorway. I huffed. I tightened my hold on Tristan as he moved to meet her. "Hey, partner," she said, and he stiffened when she hugged him? or us rather. "Are you going to heal Kira yet?"
"Why do you always ask me that?"
"Because you never answered me, and holy shit you're hot," she said, pulling away. I snorted. He chuckled. "Hey Cole, Corinne," Donnica continued. "Mind if I join you? I need to get away from this furnace." I smirked.
"Of course," Corinne said as Tristan carried me from the room. I closed my eyes and relaxed in his arms. He came to a stop a moment later. Tell me why I have to knock? He mentally asked me. I snorted. Because it's the polite thing to do? I silently asked. He sighed and opened the door without knocking.
"Hey," I said. "That's rude, you know."
"You tell him, Kira," James said in amusement.
"Wait, is knocking even a rule with vampires?" I asked curiously.
"How should I know?"
"It is not," Tristan said with a heavy sigh. "James," he said slowly. "Where are the others?"
"Hunting, sir." I opened my eyes and fisted Tristan's shirt when he dropped into a chair. His hot hand went around my wrist and squeezed until I let go. He shifted me so that I was sitting in his lap. Resting my head on his arm, I again closed my eyes and sighed when he absentmindedly rubbed his hand up and down my arm, sending heat into my body.
"How long have they been gone?"
"Ten minutes."
"And how long does a hunt last?"
"Usually fifteen minutes." I put my hand on Tristan's forearm and stroked it with one finger as sleep slowly came over me. Damn, I felt like a child falling asleep in a parent's arms. You are my child, sweetheart. True enough, I thought, as sleep pulled me under. The sound of his soft laugh the last thing I heard.
When I next woke up, I felt stiff, and oh so very warm for the first time in a what seem like a very long time to me. My joints popped when I moved. Arthritis much? I thought and groaned. Grunting, I dropped my feet to the floor. "Could you please stop moving?"
"I'm trying to get comfortable here," I grumbled.
"Mmm," Tristan said thoughtfully. "Would you like me to let you go?"
"Noooo!" I practically screamed at him. He growled. "Sorry, sorry," I said quickly. He reclined back on the couch and pulled me up against him. "Sorry," I said again. "How long was I out?"
"Fourteen hours." I blinked and looked around. I was still at the NSC headquarter. Wow, he stayed with me the whole time? I laid my head on his chest and glowered up at the ceiling.
"Can you remove the poison from me?" I mumbled, dreading his answer.
"No," he said quietly.
I gulped. "How come?"
"Because I'm still angry with you."
"I said I was sorry," I said pitifully.
"Yes, you did."
"I was-"
"I know why," he said, interrupting me. "But you didn't call out for anyone, did you?" I snapped my mouth shut. Damn it, I didn't, and I knew better.
"What can I say to make you not kill me when I lose control next time?" I asked hopefully.
He went taut under me. "Will there be a next time?" he growled. His deep voice full of deadly warnings I do better to not ignore.
I swallowed, hard. "No," I whispered. I wrapped my hand around his arm and squeezed. I couldn't even get my whole hand around the width of his muscled arm. When that didn't calm him, I stopped and shuddered. I really didn't want to move away from him just to be numbed with cold. Damn it, I shouldn't have asked that stupid question. We both groaned when the scent of blood hit us, or rather, I groaned, and Tristan hissed. A minute or two later, Abby came into the living room. She screeched when she saw us. I looked her over and didn't see any blood anywhere on her.
"Hey guys," she said cheerfully. "So like, I'm going out of town for like a week. You don't mind, do you?" she asked and practically ran out the door. I couldn't help it, I burst out laughing.
"Ah," Tristan said knowingly
. I laughed harder and sat up. "Mmm," he said, chuckling.
"Yeah," I said, still laughing my ass off. "That kind of killed my appetite a little."
Tristan laughed softly. "Good for you." I took in a deep breath and held it. When I was sure I wasn't going to break out in hysterics, I let my breath out slowly.
"It didn't help you any, did it?" I asked.
He chuckled. "It did not."
"Of course it didn't," I said, sighing. He sat up and wrapping his arms around me, he stood up and headed into the kitchen. "It's nighttime," I muttered.
"It is."
"I haven't seen daylight in like days," I grumbled. "What time is it?"
"It's seven."
"Did you go out hunting while I was asleep?"
"I did not."
I squeaked. "You didn't?" I gasped.
"Stop it," he growled.
"Okay, okay, sorry." I grabbed his arm when he set me on my feet.
He smirked. "I'm not going anywhere." I pouted up at him. He sighed and pried my hand from him and made me hold onto the counter. The moment he moved away from me, I gasped as the cold slammed into me. I squeezed my eyes shut and hunched into myself. Come, sweetheart, he said gently in my head. Come to me. I had no choice, but to obey. Not only that I was shaking from the cold and wanting badly to be warm again, it was a command I couldn't ignore, even if I tried. The command from sire to child was a straight up compulsion without having to look you in the eye. Yes, it was creepy. I went limp when his warmth wrapped around me. He caught me and pulled me to him. Holding me up with one arm, he put the hot bag of blood to my mouth. When the hell did he warm up the blood? "Stop thinking, start drinking," he said and pressed the bag more firmly against my mouth. I opened my mouth and sank my fangs into the bag. I quickly emptied it, and he dropped it into the trash beside him. I heard the microwave going on its own, and I glanced at it. When it was done, he pulled it opened and took out another bag. I took it from him and bit into it. Two more bags later, my hunger was sated while his own continued to rise. His breathing was more of a pant as he picked me up and exited the kitchen.
"How did you last fourteen hours? I mean, without your beast coming out." I asked as he stepped from the main house and through another door across from it. He went down the stairs and down the hall of cells. "Tristan?"
"TP2," he gritted out.
"Oh." I winced. "How many times did you?" He stopped before a sliding see-through door and peered inside. He slid it open and entered. He ignored my unspoken question and strode through another door. I held back a gasp as his hold on me became painful. Elena's head jerked up, and she spun around. I swear to god, I thought my sire was going to drop me on my ass. Instead, I gasped as he squeezed the living hell out of me.
"Tristan," she yelped. She went paler than usual as she got a look at him. "Wesley is in the sparring room, if you need him for something," she said quickly. He didn't answer, and that was scary in itself. Tristan loosened his hold on me a little, allowing me to slide to the floor. I straightened in his arms and smirked at Elena who looked like she wanted to bolt.
"Don't do it," I said to her. "If he leaves me, I'm going to freeze to death, like literally." She gulped and backed away. I coughed. "You don't want to do that either." "You could call Wesley back here though," I offered.
"I did," she whispered. "It just takes him time to get back here." She glanced at Tristan and then back to me. "Did he come down here for something?"
I shrugged. "I suppose," I said and looked around. I blinked. "A lab?" I asked, staring at the beakers, burners, test tubes, bottles of some unidentifiable liquids, and other stuff you would find in a chemistry lab.
"Yep." She looked around until she found a chair. "Would you like to sit?"
"I would, but I meant it when I said I would freeze to death when I move away from him."
She nodded. "Perhaps you can make him move?"
I snorted. "No one makes him move. He moves when he wants to." I poked his arm with a finger. I yelped when he caught my hand in his and growled a warning. He tightened his hold on me again and blurred from the room. He came to a halt in the middle of the tech lab just as Wesley came through the hidden door. He froze when he saw us. I waved weakly at him. Tristan dropped his arms and stepped up beside me. I didn't dare to move even a foot from him.
"Wesley," Tristan hissed. "Please, come here."
"What do you need me for?" Wesley asked nervously, but he slowly made his way closer to us.
"He wants to know if you have anymore of TP2," I said, guessing and stalling, because I knew what my sire was going to do the moment he got hold of the human.
"I do have more of that," he said slowly. I grimaced as he came to a stop before Tristan.
"Uh," I squeaked and shook my head at Elena, stopping her from entering the tech lab. "Wes? I suggest you-" To late, Tristan's hand shot out and grabbed Wesley by the shirt, pulling him even closer. Tristan nuzzled Wesley's neck and growled appreciatively. I tilted my head and inhaled deeply. I blinked at Wesley. "AB negative?" I yelped. Wesley's eyes widened. "You will be extremely lucky if he doesn't drain you dry." I put a hand on Tristan's arm and dug my fingers in as Wesley began to struggle. Tristan pulled back and looked behind him. I turned my head to find Evelyn smirking at me.
"Go on," she said sweetly to her snarling brother. "I'm just here to make sure you don't kill the poor man." Tristan growled, and I barely had time to hold my breath. His fangs flashed before sinking deep into the side of Wesley's neck. I felt another hot presence behind me, and then Evelyn's hands were on me, pulling me into her arms. Tristan snarled, and in a blur, had Wesley pressed up against a wall. I turned in Evelyn's arms and peered up at her. "He told me to get you." I nodded. "Elena, you can shoot him now." Before I could turn around to watch, I heard a soft pop.
"Awww," Tristan groaned. "Elena," he rasped. I turned and smirked when I found him on the floor, and Elena was helping Wesley to a couch. Tristan licked slowly at the remaining blood on his lips and sighed in annoyance. He got up in a flash and was on Elena before she even knew what hit her. She screamed, unable to move as he fed greedily, tearing her neck open even more. With an angry snarl, he jerked his fangs out and quickly closed up the nasty looking bite. He leaned back down and whispered something in her ear. Then he was off of her and in front of me. "You're impossible," he hissed at Evelyn and took me out of her arms. I watched Elena leave the tech lab and sighed. I stiffened when I felt Tristan hot breath on my neck.
"What are you doing?" I squeaked.
He hissed into my ear. "You will be the death of me," he growled and jerked me against him. I gasped as I felt the sharp sting of pain at my neck, and then I groaned, feeling the warm sensation coursing through me. Mmm, Tristan growled in my head. Delicious poison, he said sarcastically. Delicious poison indeed. You can thank me by proving to me that you are sorry, hmm? I almost burst out in tears. Poison free at last. Tristan drew harder at my neck and growled. Don't, he snarled, loud in my head. Make me regret it, child of mine. He hissed. Because the next time you lose it, he said, his mental voice going soft. There won't be, a next time. Then everything, blissfully, went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

COLE

"Get a fucking grip, Brynna," I snapped. It was two A.M, and here I was, crouched on top of a god damn son of a fucking roof of a fucking theater and looking down at New York. Sven had just teleported us to Manhattan, New York like half an hour ago, and I was already itching to snap Brynna's neck to shut up her relentless bitching.
"What is your fucking problem?" Brynna snarled, getting into my face.
I almost, almost shoved her right off the edge of the roof, but I held myself in check. "You want to know what my problem is." I hissed. "My problem is you. What the fuck are you bitching about? If you weren't tasked with bringing down this hunter, I would gladly drop your fucking ass right here and now."
"Like if you can," she growled.
My vision, already tinged with red, grew redder. God, I wanted to rip her apart so bad my head hurt. I clenched my hands into fists and breathed in and out slowly. "Don't push me," I growled and shoved her away. I straightened from my crouch and glared at her. "Is this why you asked me to come along? So that you can annoy the shit out of me?" Her eyes narrowed dangerously. I just smiled down at her. "Get up," I snapped and turned around. I inclined my head to the arrival of an invisible person.
"That is exactly why I asked you to come with me," Brynna growled, coming to stand beside me. "So that I can kick your ass all the way to Soho and back."
"I'm touched," I said dryly. "And flattered." In front of us, the darkness pulled back to reveal a very annoyed Cailin. She looked at us and let out a heavy sigh.
"Cole, Brynna," she said in greetings. "Tristan, Trynnadon, and Ari will be along shortly, and I hear Sven, Liana, Iris, and Vaelin heading our way." And sure enough, the four hunters streaked from the sky two minutes later. I stared stupidly at Iris. With an ice cream cone in one hand, she blew me a kiss and smirked.
"You have got to be kidding me," I said, exasperated. "Really Iris, really? Out of all the things you can eat, you went for ice cream?"
She shrugged. "It's bloody butter pecans."
"Yes, literally." Trynnadon strode across the rooftop to us. "Let me just say blood and ice cream is not appealing in the slightest." He smirked at Iris. "Get a move on. We're hitting the streets in a minute."
I'm itching to stab you in the balls! Brynna suddenly snarled in my head. Holy shit, she just didn't want to let it go. I turned to her and froze, because I felt the sting of a blade where it shouldn't be. Okay, that's it. I grabbed her hand holding the blade and squeezed, hard. She gasped as I snapped her wrist. I caught the blade before it could clang against the roof. With her other hand, she pulled out another blade and quick as lightning, plunged it into my stomach. I sucked in a sharp breath and groaned. With hot blood pouring from me, I snarled and grabbed her by the throat. One quick twist, I snapped her neck and tossed her over the edge. I yanked the blade out with a hiss and threw it, almost hitting a very pissed off Tristan. He caught it and stalked over to me.
"Can't you guys get along?" Liana groaned. I grunted as I hit the roof on all fours. There was a thump beside me, and I glanced over to find an unconscious Brynna with Cailin crouching over her. A second later, she gasped, taking in lungful of air. Cailin straightened and glared down at the both of us.
"You know what?" she asked, glancing at Tristan. "I think you should just kill them both. Kill them both and be done with it." She smiled coldly. "Or shall I do the honor?" All around us, the icy cold wind picked up dramatically. The blade I was still holding was suddenly yanked from my hand. It flew through the air to drop beside Brynna.
"Pick it up, hunter," Tristan hissed. Brynna grabbed the blade and slowly got to her feet. I glowered and did the same, rubbing at the healed wound on my stomach. "This isn't the time, or the place to act like children," he growled. "Brynna, you will behave like a three-thousand-year-old vampire should." He closed in on her. "Is that clear?" She nodded. "Behave, or I'll give this task to someone else." She flinched and took a step back, shaking her head. He smiled and turned to me. I stiffened. "And Cole," he said slowly. "Next time, do not throw people off the roof. Neck snapping speaks loud and clear, on its own." I nodded. "If we are done here, I suggest we go." Walking backward, he looked at all of us in thought.
"I'm gonna go do some? spying," said Ari. I turned and smirked at her. "What?"
"After this, you and I, sparring room."
She looked up and gave me an evil smile. "Oh, you're on, Bhardor."
"Word up, Stanton." I reached out and gave her a gentle squeeze on the arm. "Go do some snooping." She snorted and launched herself into the sky and was off. I mentally reached out and hissed to get their attention. Meet back here in? I glanced at Tristan. Two hours, he telepathically growled. Got it, Ari cheerfully said in my head. Well, at least someone's in a good mood, I silently grumbled.
"So," Trynnadon said, interrupting my mental grumbling. "Where to?"
"I'm going to go in the theater," I muttered. But," said Vaelin. "What about the blood?"
I shrugged. "Who goes to the movie at four in the morning? And besides, Cailin or Tristan can create a little illusion if they so wish it," I said and stepped off the edge and into empty air.
I hit the snow-covered pavement in a silent crouch. Straightening, I went to the front of the movie theater, and unlocking the doors with a mental command; I opened it and stepped inside. I was immediately assaulted by the smell of popcorn, spilled drinks, sweat, and blood. Of course there had to be blood, I thought dryly. I couldn't go a day without seeing the red stuff. I inhaled deeply and followed the scent of old blood into theater seven. I opened the door and entered the darkened room. If I find dead bodies in here, I'm going to be royally pissed; I silently growled and walked up the aisle of seats. At the back of the theater, I swore viciously and let rip a snarl that could probably be heard a mile away. I studied the body of the African American male human intently. I sighed when I found what I was looking for. Growling, I bent and with one finger, lifted the right arm and then the left. Sure enough, both wrists were torn open, as if a starving animal got him. He was completely drained, and what little blood I could see, were either on his clothes or splattered on the seat. I leaned in and sniffed at the body and around it. Hmm, I thought silently. Three distinctive scents clung to him, and I inhaled deeply. Rogues, I mentally snarled and didn't care who heard me. I straightened and looked around the theater, glaring at no one. Stepping back, I sniffed the air, scenting, making damn sure that there weren't any more bodies nearby. Finding nothing, I walked out of that theater room and went into room thirteen. I smiled and flashed to the front of the theater and slipped behind the screen. "Well well well," I drawled. "Look who came out to play." I unsheathed one of my knives and flipped it into the air. It struck the startled rogue in the shoulder. "Oops," I said, chuckling. "My bad. That was truly a horrible throw. Next time, I'll do better." Before the rogue could as much as roar, I leapt onto him, knocking him and the projecting screen to the floor. I cut off his furious snarls with a forearm to the throat and yanked my blade out. "What are you doing here my man? The theater is closed until ten." I grunted when I felt the sharp sting of a blade cutting into my side, but I didn't let up my hold on him. "I tell you what," I said, my free hand flashing to the rogue's arm and snapping it. I applied pressure to his throat as he made a pained grunt. I took the blade from his limp hand and pocketed it. "I'm going to let up on your vocal cord, and you're going to tell me why you are here, and I just might, might let you go. Is that a deal?" I smirked. "But first," I said, dropping my voice. "You're going to tell me if you had anything to do with the dead human I found in room seven." I eased up on his airway a little and waited.
"Fuck you," the rogue hissed.
"Alright then," I said, reaching into my pocket. "If you don't want to talk, let's take a short walk outside, shall we?" I leaned down, reapplying the pressure on his throat. "Trust me, you don't want to go out there," I whispered. "I'm giving you a chance to talk freely." I again let up on his neck.
"I'm not telling you anything," he growled. "Hunter," he spat out, like the word was a curse and not just a word. "I felt it when you entered the theater."
"But yet, you didn't run. Why is that? Do you have a death wish? Because if you do, I'll be more than happy to grant it." He struggled as I flipped him over. Pulling out the handcuffs, I quickly snapped it around his wrists. "If you struggle," I said, loud enough to drown out the colorful curses he was throwing at me. "You will lose your hands." I pulled him up and dragged him across the theater and through the door into the main theater. "Shall we find out if vampires can regenerate limbs?" I asked, forcing him out the back door of the theater and into the freezing morning gust. Standing casually against a light pole and snow drifting around him, you wouldn't think twice about seeing a man outside reading a newspaper. You wouldn't if that said man was wearing heavy winter gears and not black T-shirt, black jacket, and black loose-fitting pants. The rogue continued to curse at me as I dragged his ass over to the light pole, and promptly shove him toward Tristan. He didn't get far. Slipping on the ice, he went down in a heap.
"You fucking bastard!" he shouted up at me and tried to get up with his hands still behind his back. "I'm going to fucking rip out your liver and feed it to you!"
"Yeah yeah yeah," I drawled. "Next you'll gouge out my eyes and eat it." He snarled and hissed in pain as blood dripped from his wrists and onto the snow. "Then what?" I asked. "You'll cut out my tongue and sew my lips together? Or perhaps chop off my fingers and use it for jewelry?" I gave him a questioning look and smiled.
"I'm going to rip open your stomach and pull out your intestines!"
"You are?" I asked dryly. "You see, that is not really climatic. I know someone who has a hobby of doing just that. Come up with something better." I heard the rustling of newspaper, and I almost laughed when Tristan smacked the rogue over the head with it.
"Now now, that is not very nice," Tristan said softly and unrolled the newspaper. "Do please continue. Let me know when it's over," he said and went back to reading.
"Who the fuck are you?" the rogue asked, still shouting.
Tristan sighed. "Is shouting really necessary?"
"Yes!"
"Do enlighten us," I said and crossed my arms. "And for the record, you're not going anywhere with struggling. The only way to get it off is with a key, and the way you're doing it, you'll most likely bleed out enough to go into torpor or lose a hand, whichever comes first." I shrugged. "Just letting you know, not that I care of course."
"I very much do care," Tristan muttered. "He is looking a little too? delicious?" I coughed when the rogue glanced up at him.
"What did you say?"
Tristan blinked at him. "I didn't say anything." I smiled when fear finally registered in his eyes.
"You eat vampires?"
Tristan's eyes widened. "God no," he said disgustedly. "And why would I eat my own kind? What do you take me for?" It was damn impossible to keep from laughing. I took in several deep breaths and tried to relax.
"Are you fucking with me?" the rogue asked.
Tristan shrugged. "Not at all."
"Who are you?"
Tristan sighed. "Does it really matter?"
"You're not the Council, are you?"
Tristan refolded the newspaper and finally looked at him. "What makes you ask such a question?"
The rogue grunted. "Heard that the Council is on a manhunt."
"Are they?" Tristan asked curiously.
The rogue shrugged. "That's what I heard."
"Who are they looking for, do you know?"
"Some vampire hunter or something."
"Hmm, you don't happen to know anything about this vampire hunter, do you?"
"Nope." Um, Tristan, I think we're getting a little off topic here, I telepathically said to him. Not quite, he drawled in my head. I shrugged. Tristan put the newspaper on top of a dumpster lid and stepped closer to the rogue.
"What about the drained human in the theater?" he asked the rogue. "You know anything about that?"
"I was just the lookout."
"Really?" The rogue nodded. "Who were you keeping a lookout for?" he asked slowly.
"Hunters."
"Ah, did you find one?"
"Yes," the rogue growled and glared at me.
I frowned at him. "What? I didn't do anything to you."
"Says the one who stuck a blade in my shoulder."
"Says the one who didn't dodge fast enough."
"Snapping my arm?"
I shrugged. "You deserved it for sticking a blade into my side. That hurt, you know." I walked to the rogue and yanked him to his feet.
"On the roof," said Tristan. I nodded and launched into the sky.
"What the hell?" the rogue spluttered as we landed.
"Sorry," I said to him. "But we have a better view from up here."
"What the fuck are you talking about?" he shouted.
"First of all," Brynna said, landing in a crouch beside me. "Stop with the shouting. We're all vampires here, not a bunch of humans talking to each other across a football field."
"What is going on here?" Tristan finally had enough. He snatched the rogue from me and snarled. I smiled when the rogue flinched.
"You," Tristan growled, low in his throat. "Are going to be silent."
"Who the-?"
"One more sound," Tristan hissed, interrupting him. "And I'll gladly drain every drop of that? sweet, sweet blood of yours." He nuzzled the rogue's neck, and oh yes, he went even paler if that was possible. "Are we clear?"
"You, you said," the rogue choked out.
"I," Tristan whispered as sirens sounded in the distance. "Lied. You should have asked me for my name. Then perhaps I'd let you run, run until the predator catches the prey." My whole body prickled, and I barely stop myself from taking a step back. Tristan shoved the rogue at Cailin and let out a scream. His eyes flashed white, and I stiffened.
"Don't let him get off the roof!" I shouted and launched myself at him. With the slippery ice, the snow, and Tristan standing close to the edge-we fell off the roof, and damn if we didn't fall all the way down. "Teleport!" I yelled at him. I hissed in pain as Tristan flipped me over in midair. Damn, he was going to let us crash, wasn't he?
"Would I?" he growled in my ear, and teleported just as my leg hit the pavement, hard.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

I groaned and hissed as I snapped my leg back to its proper position. Panting, I fell back and eyed Tristan wearily. "Compound?" I asked. He only growled at me, his fingers digging into the linoleum floor. "Okay," I said, getting up and wincing. "You stay right there," I commanded, knowing full well that he wasn't going to listen. I limped from the central area of the compound and into the small kitchen. Opening the refrigerator, I grabbed a couple of blood bags and closed it. Feeling Tristan's eyes on me, I slowly turned and limped back to him. I took in a deep breath, trying unsuccessfully to hold back my own hunger. I held out both bags to him, and prayed to the devil that he grabbed the bags instead of me. After what felt like an eternity, he snatched the blood from me. I flashed to the elevator and hit the up button. When it opened, I entered and jabbed the button for the main floor. The smell of human blood and witch blood struck me in overwhelming waves. In my head, Tristan roared. Oh?. Fuck, I thought, and before the elevator could close on me, I flashed out and glared at the witch sitting in a chair next to the counter. My own blood filled my mouth as I struggled to control myself from jumping the human or the witch.
"Cole," Audrianna said in greetings. "Looks like you had a fun night."
I growled at her. "Closed the lounge doors."
She frowned. "Why?"
"Because," I said slowly. "If you don't, your sire is going to rip the humans into pieces." With a loud pop that nearly sent me to the floor, the lights went out. Audrianna screamed and sent the double doors leading to the lounge slamming shut with a resounding boom. The witch, Brulia gasped and fell out of her chair.
"DURA-LHIK!" she shouted, and a bright ass ball of light appeared in her outstretched hand, briefly blinding me.
"Son of a bitch!" Evelyn swore from behind me. "He blew out the lights! Again! He blew out the motherfucking lights!" Guarding the doors, Audrianna stiffened, and I ducked as Brulia threw the bright light over my head. I spun around, in time to see it explode on contact with Tristan. Both he and Evelyn screamed in pain and dropped to the floor. "Damn it you, witch," Evelyn spluttered, pressing her hands against her eyes.
"Sorry," Brulia said, and I dodged as she threw another spell at Tristan. Evelyn rolled and flashed to her feet, her eyes streaming.
"God damn, this burns," she muttered and disappeared into thin air. My own eyes were watering, and I blinked to clear away the white spots.
"Don't cast," Audrianna said to the witch and came out from behind the counter. She flashed to Tristan and pulling out her gun, she shot him in the head. His breath caught in his throat, and he went limp, letting out a shuddering sigh before going still.
"Can I have one of those?" Brulia asked. "It is so much easier than me flinging spells everywhere."
"Maybe," Audrianna said thoughtfully.
"Audri, he's waking up," I growled and flashed to the outside doors and pushed it open.
"Hey, where are you going?"
"Out," I said simply and was gone before she could say something that would force me to stay.
Outside and a mile away, I rubbed my stinging eyes and groaned. Sighing, I reached into my pocket and pulled my ultra-dark sunglasses out and slipped them on. Tilting my head back, I inhaled the cool crisp air. It wasn't long until I caught the scent of humans. Rounding a corner, I flashed in front of a male human. His eyes widened at the sight of my blood-stained clothes. Lowering my sunglasses, I stared deep into his eyes, letting the compulsion roll him. "You are going to do everything I say," I said to him. "No screaming, no struggling, got it?"
"Yes," he replied in a bored tone.
"Good," I said and reposition the sunglasses and blinking. "This way, please." I led the human into a dark narrowed street, stopping when I felt another vampire nearby. I silently growled and turned, taking the human into my arms. I sniffed the air and snarled. The rogue dropped from the sky and snarled back at me. Hmm, this was better than what I hoped for. "I don't share," I growled, glad that my aura was cloaked. The rogue, smelling like two weeks' worth of garbage in a hot day rushed me. I launched myself into the sky and bit into the human's neck, pulling the hot sweet blood down my throat while the rogue roared. He made a grab for me, and I kicked him in the head, chuckling when I heard skull cracking. He hit the street and was out cold. I jerked my fangs from the human and quickly closed the wound. Landing beside the unconscious rogue, I finally let him go and watched him stumbling away. Fucking bastard, I silently grumbled. Damn, I was still hungry. I glared down at the rogue and kicked him, hard. He woke with a scream. "Bad timing, partner," I said, smirking. "If I were you, I wouldn't recommend getting up just yet." He snarled and popped from the ground. I grabbed him by the throat and slammed him into the stop sign. Stepping off the street and onto the sidewalk, I let him flail uselessly against nothing but air. Standing behind him, I unsheathed a blade, flipping it into the air and catching it. "Tell me something," I said conversationally. "When was your last? killing?" I slipped into his head and pluck out the answer. "An hour ago," I said somewhat cheerfully. "Great, let's take a trip to the vampire police, shall we?" I pocketed my blade and pulled him to me. Trying not to gag from the stench of him; I slammed him to the pavement and held him down with a knee on his back. "Don't resist arrest, my friend, because if you do, you won't like it." I cursed when I found only two pair of handcuffs in my pockets, and none of them were the one I wanted. Silently growling, I pulled my voltage one and moved off the rogue. I wrenched his arms behind his back and cuffed him while he snarled threats at me. Then I bashed his head into the concrete, splitting it open and knocking him out again. I took him into my arms and stood up, glancing around. Sensing no vampires or human nearby, I launched myself into the sky and sped back to Council HQ.
I dropped from the sky and practically broke down the doors. Inside, Sven, Audrianna, Elijah, and the rest spun around to look at me. The rogue finally went silent and froze as Brynna stalked over to us. I shoved the rogue to the floor. "Stay," I said sharply. "Or I'll stake you."
"Damn Cole," she muttered.
I smirked. "What?"
"Why didn't you kill him on the spot?" I shrugged. Holding her breath, she bent and yanked him up. He jerked on his cuffs, and he convulsed. Brynna let go of him, and he hit the floor, and was once again, out cold.
"Someone didn't take out the garbage up in here," Ari said, standing in the elevator doorway. She looked at me. "Are you going to kill him or what?"
I glanced at Elijah, Tristan, and Rebecka. "Anything?" I asked them. They all shook their heads, not even daring to breathe and looking nauseated. "Well then." I nudged the rogue just as he began to bleed. Three sets of eyes locked on the blood, but they didn't make a move on him. Then again, I couldn't blame them. Who wants to bite into a rotten piece of meat? It would be a totally different story however, if their beast were completely in control. Someone must have fed Tristan, because he was the first I suspected to lunge for the blood, disgusting rogue or not. Ari finally stepped from the elevator and calmly walked outside. I crouched over the rogue and punched my hand into his chest and ripped out his heart. I held it up to Casiar who appeared in the doorway of the lounge, also looking nauseated and not breathing. The heart was out of my hand and into his in a blink. I chuckled and dug my fingers into the rogue's neck, separating the head from the body. I took back my handcuffs and waved Sven over. He sighed and gave me a disgusted look before coming over and teleporting away with the body. Straightening, I wiped my hand on my dirty shirt and scowled at the pool of blood on the floor. I stiffened when someone tapped me on the shoulder.
"What do you have here?"
"Tory," I drawled. "My favorite vampire in the whole world."
She snorted. "If you don't mind, Bhardor, can we get started on cleaning up?"
"Oh, right," I muttered and moved out of her way. I strode over to the counter and turned as a crew of vampires came through the door.
"Um," said Audrianna. "Let's all go to the second floor." I nodded and flashed to the stairs. Once on the landing, I pushed the heavy door open and stepped through. Only audrianna and Brulia followed me up. I glanced at them before flashing to the elevator. God, I needed to get out of these clothes and burn them. On the fourth floor, I headed for Tristan's office. He was standing stiffly behind his desk. I winced as his energy wrapped around me.
"Cole," he said softly, not turning to look at me standing in the doorway. "What can I do for you?"
"Actually, nothing," I said, my skin crawling.
"Then why are you here, Bhardor?"
"Do you perhaps have my bladed handcuffs?"
"Mmm, right," he said slowly and finally turned to look at me. He slipped his hand into his pocket and pulled the handcuffs out. I stiffened and fought down the instinctive urge to run when he walked over, stopping a little too close for my comfort zone. At the moment, I preferred him across the room and not directly in front of me. "How's your leg?"
I looked down at my leg and back up to him. Taking back my handcuffs, I smirked. "Sorry in advance," I said and kicked him. He flew back and gracefully righted himself midair, stopping just before he could crash into his desk and knocking everything to the floor. If he wanted to, he could have blocked my kick or move out of the way in a blink, but for some reason, he didn't.
"I take that as? a whole lot better." I shrugged. "Now," he said, and stared pointedly at my shirt. "Are you planning to walk around in those bloody clothes of yours?" I shook my head. "Do you need a ride?" he asked dryly. I shrugged, and then everything went dark.

TRISTAN

I blew out a breath and dropped into my chair. Sighing, I rubbed the back of my neck, stiffening when I caught the scent of the witch. I thump my forehead with the heel of my hand and silently groaned. Why does everybody want to see me? God fucking damn it. I wasn't the only one in this forsaken Council building, was I? I felt her in the doorway, but I didn't look up. I stared at the three-inch blue binder in front of me. I didn't even zero in on her thoughts. Then I felt more vampires coming up the stairs and down the hall, and there were two humans amongst them. I closed my eyes, and kept it close when Ari, Tory, Hannah with her daughter, Alyssa, and Brynna entered, Brulia still standing in the hall. It took all my willpower not to sink my fangs into one of them or mind fuck them to death. Someone sucked in a sharp breath as my energy grew, until it was thick enough to cut with a blade. My hand landed on the binder, and I forced myself not to put holes in it. Ari's hand rested on my back, and I relaxed slightly. I could tell she wanted to be anywhere, but here. I finally open my eyes when I felt Taylor beside me. She growled, and I felt Ari stiffen behind me. She came to my other side and sat down. "You all don't need to be in here," Taylor said, sounding very irritated. "Clear out." They all left except for Ari, Brulia, and Brynna. "Much better," she muttered. "Brother," she said and turned to look at me. "You haven't fed enough."
"Really?" I asked sarcastically. "I hadn't noticed it myself." My vision briefly went black, and I was in pain. I grunted and growled. Hands were on me, holding me in my chair. I felt the wash of magic, and I screamed. Brulia's chanting grew frantic, the words jumbling together, as if she couldn't get it out fast enough. I felt the binding snap in place, and I snarled. Slowly, one by one, Brynna, Taylor, and Ari pulled back.
"It won't hold him long," Brulia said, gasping. "It doesn't hold you or him for long," she continued, nodding to Taylor. "You're both too strong to hold. With normal vampires, the binding will hold until I do the unbinding spell." Really? I thought. Interesting. Taylor nodded.
"Can you tell the difference between my siblings and me from the rest of the vampires," she asked while I growl low in my throat. Brulia nodded. I stopped growling and looked expectantly at the witch, both interested in the answer and wanting to rip out her pretty neck. "Do tell."
"I can see auras," Brulia said, her eyes focused intently on me. "Like you guys."
"Hey," Taylor hissed. "You're not supposed to know that." Brulia blushed, and I growled. She was right. We could see auras, whether they were humans, vampires, witches, or necromancers. It was something we rarely rely on due to our other heightened senses. Sniffing was just as good as recognizing if you were dealing with a rogue or an insane vampire, a good witch or a bad witch, and so on. Besides, a bright aura was sometimes blinding to our eyes.
"Don't kill me," the witch said quickly.
Taylor gave a little smile. "We won't, if you don't breathe a word to anyone."
Brulia nodded. "Not a word."
"Now, back to you seeing auras."
"Normal vampires have bright red auras, and you, Tristan, and the rest of the Tronis' have very dark red auras. Casiar and Riordan have black swirling in theirs though." I gave the witch an evil smirk, a split second before the binding spell unraveled. Ari squeaked and jumped on me, her hands went to my neck and squeezed until I couldn't get air into my lungs. Brynna and Taylor were not far behind. Pain again slammed into me as the hunter's hands clamped around my wrists. Brulia grunted. "You know," she panted. "I should hang around you guys more often. It's so much more fun than selling herbs, candles, and tarot cards."
"Ah," said Taylor. "Here's Alyssa." She went to the door and opened it. I heard a gasp, a curse, and then a groan as she pulled a terrified Alyssa through the door. One look at me, and the fledgling went paler than normal. Ari released my throat, and the pain Taylor held me in, slowly went away. Brynna still held my arms to my side, and the witch still chanted silently in her head.
"You're not going to let me go until I feed him, right?" Alyssa muttered under her breath. "Right," I hissed and broke the hunter's hold on me. Screams broke out as I flashed to Alyssa and slammed her into the door. I snarled and sank my fangs in deep. Growling, I gulped her hot sweet potent blood down my throat. It took all I had in me to keep from draining her completely. With a shudder and a tremendous effort, I pulled back, holding my breath until the rush of her blood somewhat faded. She stared up at me, looking hungry and confused. I licked closed the bite wound and reluctantly stepped back. "Am I seeing things?" Alyssa asked, rubbing where I just bit her. "Or is Tristan high?" At this, Ari and Brynna both snickered.
"Been a while, hasn't it?" Taylor asked me, chuckling.
"What?" Alyssa and Brulia chorused.
She turned to the witch. "Have you wondered why witches are rarely turned into vampires?" I shuddered and licked the remaining blood, savoring it. Hell, it was vampire and witch blood combined. Delicious combination if I had anything to say about it.
"Once or twice," said Brulia.
"Because the blood of witch turned vampire is? very addicting." She looked thoughtful. "Like?"
"Doing drugs?" Alyssa said and shifted nervously. We all looked at her. She raised a hand. "Not me," she said and glowered. "I've been around those types of crowd before. I didn't join in, I swear. Looking after five siblings was enough for me."
"I see," said Taylor. "Yes, like that I suppose."
Alyssa looked at me. "Next time," she said thoughtfully. "Remind me why I shouldn't open a vein for you, would you?"
I smirked. "Of course? sweetheart."


* * * * * *




Chapter Ten

When night finally came, hours later, I slammed shut the binder and dropped it into a drawer, kicking it shut. It locked with, to me, a loud click. Pushing away from my desk, I got up and took a careful deep intake of air. I stepped from my office and teleported to the main floor, bracing myself for the horrendous lingering odor of the rogue from earlier in the day. My eyes burned as the over powering smell of multiple cleaning products filled my nose and the back of my throat. I went to stand over Audrianna, reading over her shoulder at whatever she was frowning at. I stiffened when it was another report of a murder. I reached out and snatched it from her hands. Not knowing I was right behind her, she let out a gasp and clutched the counter, stopping herself from spinning around to face me. While her heart pounded loud in my ears, 
I flipped back to the first page and found what I was looking for, the name of the victim. I read until I had enough to go by. She was a human victim of a vampire attack. I mentally let rip a snarl, and the brief buzz in my blood told me that others had heard it. I really didn't feel like visiting the victim's home and find out what kind of lives they've led. Audrianna didn't say anything as I dropped the report back in front of her. She knew me too well to know when to not speak, or twitch for that matter. "Anything else you wish to show me?" I asked slowly and softly behind her. She shook her head, but her mind said differently. I leaned down. "Show me," I hissed in her ear. She squeaked, and then her fingers were flying across the keyboard. The loud rush of blood was making it difficult to focus on the screen. When she finally got to what she wanted to show me, she slowly edged away from the counter. I quickly read through the report, and I could hear Audrianna's breathing and heart speeding up. My muscles bunched together, and I once again braced myself as I continue to read. My vision wavered. I clenched my jaw and ignored my own blood filling my mouth. I let out a low snarl before turning to Audrianna who had a gun pointed at me. I stood there for a good minute, battling with my inner beast for dominancy. I really didn't want to be shot again, physically or magically. Knowing what I wanted, she took out a picture and handed it to me. I took it from her and glanced at it. Oh god, I thought as my world wavered between realities again-the reality of control and sanity, and the reality of blood and darkness. This wasn't the time to slip into the latter. My head pound, my whole body felt hot, and my fangs ached from wanting to sink into something soft and warm. I took in a rasping breath and shuddered. I really, really hate it when children were involved, like the dead four-year-old girl in the photo I was holding. Focusing on her sweet innocent face, I teleported.
I looked around and wondered what state I appeared in. Hmm, I thought, slipping into the minds of unsuspecting humans. After a few minutes of rummaging around, I got my answer of Brooklyn, New York. I pulled out and sighed. With snow swirling around me, I walked up the long driveway and to the front door. Pocketing the picture, I reached out and rang the doorbell. It opened a few seconds later. "I assume you are Mrs. Fibs?" I asked the woman whose mouth dropped open in shock at my lack of winter clothes. She was short; about five foot three, her dyed brown hair pulled back in a ponytail. I smiled, and her red rimmed blue-green eyes widened. I inclined my head, waiting as she got herself together.
"Yes, yes I am," she stammered. "Aren't you freezing?" she finally gasped, opening the door wider. "Please, come in." I chuckled and stepped over the threshold, inwardly groaning as her scent hit me. She slammed the door shut and looked at me. "Sir, are you okay?" I nodded stiffly. She reached out, but I backed up before she could touch me. Sire? I snapped to attention at the sound of Corinne in my head. I'm outside. Damn, I thought. I must have been so focused on not jumping the human who was now staring at me in total confusion not to feel her nearby. The human, Brenda, waved her hand in front of me. I blinked at her and silently growled in annoyance. "The kitchen is this way," she said and turned, looking back to see if I would follow. Have her invite me inside too, Corinne said, a little too excitedly. I cleared my throat, and Brenda stopped, waiting.
"Someone else is with me," I said, nodding to the front door.
"Oh," she said and rushed past me. She opened the door, and I almost laugh at the sight of Corinne, heavily bundled up. "Sorry, come on in." Corinne stepped through the door and walked to my side. I stared stupidly into her crimson eyes. She was laughing so hard in my head that I was trying not to laugh myself. "I'm Brenda Fibs," the human said, leading us into the kitchen. This time, I followed with Corinne close behind me. "Would you like anything to drink? Perhaps something hot?" Yes, I mentally growled. This finally shut Corinne up.
"No thank you," Corinne said before I could get a word out. I silently growled at her.
She nodded. "Why did you show up at my doorstep?" she asked, more curious than afraid. Hey! I winced at the mental shout. Corinne pulled off her mittens and stuck her hand in my pocket. I grabbed her wrist, stopping her. I want to see it, she grumbled.
"Actually, I'm here to ask you some questions," I said and moved to the table, dragging Corinne with me.
"Questions?" Brenda asked suspiciously. Get your hand out of my pocket, I mentally growled. I loosened my hold, enough for her to pull her hand away. "What questions?" I took out the photo and put it face down on the table.
"Do you have a daughter name Grace?" Brenda stiffened and then was in front of me in a few seconds. Corinne's hand flashed, intercepting the human before she could put a finger on me.
"What do you know about her?" Brenda asked, squeezing Corinne's hand like if it was a lifeline.
"Nothing actually," Corinne said, her voice muffled by the scarf covering her face. "That's why we're here." She flipped the photo over, and Brenda gasped.
"Where did you get that, and who are you? Do you work for the NYPD?" Corinne gently took her hand back, shaking her head.
"No," I said slowly. "We don't." I reached out and put my hand on her arm. She gasped at the cold touch. "Look at me," I said quietly. Brenda slowly lifted her eyes to mine. "Very good. Now?" Her eyes glazed over as my compulsion rolled her. "Is there anyone else but you that live in this house?"
"Just me and my missing daughter," Brenda replied tonelessly.
"Are the police informed?"
"Yes, they're looking into it."
"When did you report her missing?"
"Three days ago."
"Who is in charge of the investigation?"
"Detective Scott Hudsen."
"Do you have a way of contacting him?"
"Yes, he gave me his business card."
"May I see it?" I blinked as I realize Corinne was rubbing her hand up and down my arm. I frowned down at her.
"Your eyes," Corinne said softly. Oh, right. I took in a deep breath and groaned, cursing. Corinne dug her fingers into my arm, hard.
"Of course," said Brenda. She reached into her pocket and pulled it out. I removed my hand from her arm and held it under hers.
"Give it to me," I growled. Shit, I snarled. The card dropped onto my palm, and I snatched my hand back. Corinne plucked the card from me, her fingers still digging painfully into my arm.
"You're going to ruin the card," she said and dropped it into my pocket. Slowly, her fingers uncurled. She grabbed the photo of Grace and shoved that in my pocket as well. "Can I bite her?" she asked, staring at the expressionless human.
"No," I growled, barely getting the word out. "Erase her memory of our visit," I ground out and released Brenda from my compulsion. Before she could snap back fully, Corinne had her under in a split second. Meet me outside, I mentally hissed and teleported.
The freezing wind of New York hit me as if someone had dunked me in ice water. I groaned and inhaled the refreshing air, my head a little clearer than it was a split second ago. Breathing in and out deeply, I leaned against the side of the house and stared up into the night sky-the snow a temporary soothing balm to my stinging eyes. I didn't look down when Corinne's hand touched mine. We stood silently in the night for a long moment, and for a brief thirty seconds of my existence, I pretended I didn't have vampires to rule over, or rogues I have to kill, or keeping ninety percent of the human population from finding out about the existence of supernatural's, or have to fight with myself to keep from slaughtering humans, vampires, witches, and shifters alike. But of course, pretending couldn't last forever. Sometimes reality just fucking sucks big time. During my five millennia of my existence, I'd seen wars fought, battles won and lost, starvations, plagues, all kinds of violence, the deaths of friends and loved ones, and so much more. Still, the world continued to change around me, some good, and some bad, but there was nothing I could do about it, but move on, just like everything around me. I didn't realize I was holding my breath until I let it out in a long sigh. Then I caught the scent of grief in the air. I silently cursed and took Corinne into my arms, mentally kicking myself for forgetting that she was in my head. "I'm sorry, sweetheart," I murmured in her ear. She was no longer in her winter clothes, and I ran my fingers through her frozen wet hair. "Forgive me."
"Wasn't your fault," she said in between sniffles. "I should have reminded you." I sighed and straightened with her still in my arms. She put her arms around me and groaned against my neck. "I'm sorry you went through all that and saw all that."
I patted her back and started walking. "It was an experience of a lifetime. Mind you, it wasn't just the bad I remember. Trust me, I also have a lot of great memories in there as well." She huffed, but didn't say anything else as I walked down the streets of New York.
"Are we rogue hunting?" she asked, snapping me fully back to reality.
I took in a deep breath and let it out with a growl. "Would you like that?"
"Yeah, I tried to ask one of the hunters to take me along, but they keep saying they aren't allowed to. Is that true?"
"It is." She grumbled. "I decree that for a good reason, sweetheart." She continued grumbling. I gently prodded her back, successfully shutting her up.
"You should put me on the Council," she said a few minutes later. "I would be an awesome addition, don't you agree?"
I smirked. "Are you by any chance, channeling Kira? If so, my response to that is-"
"I know, I know," she said, interrupting me. "We'll talk about it five hundred years from now."
"Indeed, suggest it to me again five hundred years from now, and I'll reconsider."
"Five hundred years is a long time."
"It is, to humans, but for vampires, time is a blur of unfolding events. It will feel that way the longer you are a vampire. Right now, you're still thinking in the ways of humans. Pretty soon, time will fly by in the blink of an eye to you."
She sighed and nodded. "Okay then," she said and pulled back a little to look around. "Where are we?"
"I have no idea." She snorted and pointed to a restaurant. I groaned.
"I promise to shoot you before you kill a customer, I promise. Then I'll drag you out into some secluded spot and teleport us back to California." I stopped walking and narrowed my eyes at her. "Audri gave me the gun." Of course she did, I silently groaned.
"I really don't trust myself in the company of humans right now."
"But I want some Thai food," she complained. I glowered at her. "Please?"
"Are you hearing me, Corinne?"
"I heard you perfectly," she muttered.
"But you still want to risk going in there?"
"I said I would shoot you when you lose it."
"You did say that, but will you be fast enough to shoot me?" I asked, stepping off the street and into the shadows. I pulled darkness around the both of us, hiding us from wandering humans.
"Hey," she spluttered. "I can't see."
"You don't need to," I said dryly.
"Why did you surround us in darkness?"
"Because, my dear, I rather not stand in one spot, have humans noticing us, or get run over by a mack truck." My hand flashed and caught hers before she could hit me in the eye.
"What?" she asked as I set her down, one of my hand holding her firmly in place by her shoulder.
"You were planning to hit me?"
"Oh, no."
"I thought not."
"But I still want to go there," she said, looking around at nothing. "Besides, they're almost closing." I rubbed the back of my neck and silently growled. "I want to do some site seeing too." She looked up at me or rather, to the left of me. I cupped her chin and turned her head until I was looking her in the eye. I blinked rapidly before I could unintentionally compel her. "Please?"

I blew out a breath. "All right," I said, glaring at her, even though she couldn't see me. I mentally reached out to my siblings. Feeling them in my head, I replayed the whole event to them. I got you, Evelyn said, chuckling. I'll check out this Scott Hudsen guy, Taylor said in amusement. And I'm with you Evelyn, Elijah said and snorted. Tristan, we got you covered. Get your demanding child food before it closes. I growled at them and pulled back. I drew the darkness back and growled at Corinne. "You are going to force me to do some illusion, aren't you?"
"Of course."
"You insensate child," I muttered.
"Hey!" she exclaimed. I turned her around and gave her a gentle push to start walking. She shuddered as my illusion of winter coat, gloves, scarf, and all that fell on her. She looked down at herself and started walking, with me right behind her. "Nice," she said and looked up to see where she was going. I chuckled when she found herself heading right for one of the pillars. "You weren't going to stop me?" she screeched.
"I didn't need to."
"You're an ass," she whined and opened the restaurant door. I barely had time to hold my breath. She nervously glanced back at me before walking in. I stiffened and followed her in, in a slower pace. She found a table, and still holding my breath, I sat down across from her. If you demand I order for you, I mentally growled in her head. I am more likely to rip out the waiter's throat than have a nice chat with him. She kicked me under the table when my eyes dropped to the waiter's neck. She kicked me harder, and I forced myself to jerk my gaze to her. It took all I had in me not to reach out and grabbed the waiter or the few customers passing by. If it wasn't minutes to closing time, I probably wouldn't have the self-control to hold back. I stared out the huge glass window and tried not to listen to the pounding hearts around me or hear the rushing of blood just? Corinne kicked me again. Snap out of it, she hissed in my head. I turned my head to look at her and blinked at the food in front of her. You were totally zoned out, she muttered. I squeezed my eyes shut and prayed for a few more minutes of self-control. Would you like me to sing to you? No, I snarled. She did it anyways, singing something about some melody. She laughed. It's replay by Iyaz. I mentally growled. She sighed and switched songs. You, I snarled. Are not, helping. She kicked me. I opened my eyes and pinned her with my stare. She shuddered and put some money down on the table. Wow, where the hell did time go? Get up, she hissed. I slowly got up and gladly followed her outside. When we were a few blocks down, I slowly inhaled the cold air.
"How long were we in there?" I rasped.
"Like fifteen minutes."
I tilted my head back, letting the illusion slip away. "Were we?"
She nodded. "Back to California?"
"Not, quite, just, yet."
"Why?"
"We have another visit to make," I growled as Evelyn and Elijah dropped from the sky.
"My, my," Evelyn said sweetly. She went around and stood behind me. "Damn Corinne, what did you do to him?"
"Nothing," Corinne spluttered and looked up at me. She winced and backed into Elijah. "What is this about a visit?" she asked quickly. I ducked my head and stiffened. Squeezing my eyes shut, I shuddered. Silence fell around me, and all I heard was the harsh sound of my breathing, the sound of heart beats in the distance, and the rushing of blood, in my ears.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

Pain, for the gazillionth times over the centuries, slammed into me, knocking the breath right out of me, and sending me through the air to crash into something hard. It felt like I was swimming in lava as mental assaults rained on me from all nine of my siblings.  It hurt so bad that I couldn't get myself to make a sound. In my mind was a whole different story altogether. I don't know how long it lasted, but I was all of a sudden gasping in huge amount of cold air, freezing from the inside, and violently shaking all over. I was utterly still starving for blood, but the urge to grab someone was no longer beating at me. Well, it was, but not enough to send me into total oblivion. Then I felt the unsticking of a needle. To be exact, more than one needle, more like? four needles. When everything around me finally stopped spinning, and I could somewhat focus, I could hear Corinne crying nearby. Damn it! "She wasn't in your head. You instinctively blocked her out," Evelyn said softly from beside me. "She just hates seeing you this way and us having to hurt you." Great, that made me feel a whole lot better.

"Corinne," I growled softly. She looked up, blinking away tears. "Come here." Evelyn moved out of the way as Corinne flashed over, and I pulled her down. She fell on top of me with a grunt. Pulling back, she gave me a questioning look. I sat up and pulled her into my lap. "TP2 doesn't make my hunger disappear," I whispered.
She blinked. "What does it do then?"
"It keeps me from grabbing you for instants and tearing into you."
"Oh," she said in surprise. "I'm wondering if that's a good thing or a bad thing."
"A bad thing if I don't feed while I'm still sane."
"Oh god, I really don't want to know, but what happens if you don't feed and that drug wares off? And how long does it last?"
I smiled evilly, and out the corner of my eye, both Elijah and Evelyn shuddered. "My feeding frenzy will be doubled," I said quietly. "Do you understand what I'm saying?"
"Yes," she squeaked. "How long does it last?"
"Two hours at the most."
She gulped. "But this time, you got poked four times at once. Does it extend your lucidness?"
I stood up and glared down at her. "Are you implying that I am insane?"
Her lips twitched. "Maybe a little."
I growled and led Corinne over to Evelyn and Elijah. "When the two-hour mark is up, I will be completely somewhere else entirely, and you, sweetheart, will only be considered-"
"Stop it," she squeaked, interrupting me. I chuckled and ruffled her wet hair and looked at Elijah. I held out my hand to him. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a syringe, dropping it into my waiting hand. I nodded and pocket it.
"What do you have on Hudsen?" I asked and growled at Corinne when I felt her hunger beating at me.
"Nothing yet," said Evelyn.
"Keep me inform," I muttered and spun Corinne around. "When was the last time you fed?" I asked and teleported. Appearing in my compound apartment, I dropped heavily onto the couch behind me. I yanked Corinne off her feet, and she fell against me with a gasp. "Answer me," I warned.
"Like twelve hours ago," she muttered.
"Kira," I called out, and I heard a yelp from the direction of the bedroom. "Get out here, and you too, Ari." Corinne squirmed in my arms, but I wasn't going to let her go. Ari and Kira sat down on either side of me and waited. Corinne squeaked as I tightened my hold on her. "Stop," I growled. I shifted her until she was sitting on my lap. With a hiss, I ripped open my wrist and pressed it to her mouth. Corinne sucked in a sharp breath before clamping both hands and mouth on my arm. She shuddered and groaned. After a few more seconds, I pulled my wrist back and quickly closed it. She growled, and I smiled. "Go now," I said, dropping my arm from around her. She scowled and then teleported away. I turned to Ari who was frowning at me. "What?"
"Nothing," she muttered and gave a startled gasp when I pulled her to me and put an arm around her.
"Nothing?" I asked softly. On my other side, Kira shifted nervously. I glanced between the two of them. "Nothing?" I repeated. When they still didn't say anything, I narrowed my eyes at them. I sat up straighter and took my arm from Ari. I tug at her hair until she looked at me. "Tell me," I growled warningly.
"I'll tell you after you feed," Ari finally said and pulled away from me.
I growled and yanked her onto my lap and nuzzled her neck. "What are you not telling me?" I asked, enunciating each word.
"Another murder of a fledgling," she said in the barest of whispers. I jerked back, and snarled. Hot waves of rage came over me. Kira jumped from the couch and flashed across the apartment. Ari, fear rolling off of her, gently pushed at my arms, and I let her move away from me. I slowly got up and made my way to the wall full of hidden monitors, turning to lean on it. Holding back another snarl, I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath and held it. Cool fingers stroked my cheek, and I blinked my eyes open to find Ari staring up at me with fear and a determination in her dark red eyes. I reached up and took her hand in mine.
"Tristan?" Kira said softly. I looked past Ari to find her holding a syringe. I stiffened, because it wasn't TP2 she was holding. Distract me, I mentally groaned to Ari. Or I'll throw you both across this apartment. She blinked, and in a space of a heartbeat, her mouth was on mine. "Oh," Kira said cheerfully. "Can I watch?" My lips parted to let out the breath I was holding, and Ari took that moment to let her tongue slip in. She pressed herself against me, and I groaned, kissing her back. I heard the closing of a door, and I chuckled. Ari pulled back and smirked.
"Is it working?" she asked.
"No," I growled, feeling hot and tight. She laughed and jumped to wrap herself around me. I put my arms around her and buried my face in her hair, inhaling her scent. She shuddered and squirmed, rubbing herself against me. I hissed out a breath as hot waves of pleasure coursed through me and into her. She gasped and moaned when I nipped at her neck. She reached between us, and I sucked in a sharp breath when her hand gently squeezed the erection through my pants. I flashed to the couch and pressed her down onto it. Her legs dropped from around me, and she glanced at the clock on the wall. She squeaked, and I pulled back to check the time. "Oh," I drawled.
"Okay," she said breathlessly. "I think it's time for you to bite me. I prefer my organs where it is, if you don't mind."
I sighed and nuzzled her neck. She squirmed and shifted under me. "What are you doing?" I asked, and growled when I felt more of her hot heat surrounding me. Only my pants kept me from entering her.
"Bite me." I growled and sank my fangs deep into her neck. I groaned, pulling the hot sweet blood down my throat. Ari arched into me. Growling, I freed myself and entered her with one hard thrust. I slapped my hand over her mouth before she could start up on her in the middle of sex dialog. I groaned, and she jabbed me when I didn't move. I slowly pulled out, and then back in just as slowly. She writhed and moaned under me. I removed my hand from her mouth and grabbed her hips, moving faster in and out of her. I withdrew my fangs and licked the bite wound closed. Then she yelped as I flipped us over. Her hands on my chest, I growled as I surged deep into her. Flushing and eyes clouded over with lust, she leaned down, and I almost lost it as her fangs pierced my neck. Ari moaned and her inner walls clenched tighter around me. I hissed, and holding her head firmly against my neck, I took her to the floor. My hand went under her shirt, slipped under her bra, and gently flicked her nipple. She squeezed me tighter, and I growled. I pulled my hand from her breast and brought her wrist to my mouth. I sank my fangs in deep, and she cried out as she came apart. Pulling her mouth from my neck, she screamed. With one last thrust deep inside her, I came, long, hot, and hard. Panting, I withdrew my fangs from her wrist and held her as she clutched at me. I shuddered, spilling the last of me into her. I sighed and ran my fingers through her hair, still buried deep inside her. She laughed softly and sighed. "Is it still considered sex when we have all of our clothes on?"
"What do you think?" I growled softly and shifted. She gasped. "Hmm?"

"Ok, it is," she said breathlessly and shoved at me. "Don't you have work to do?" she asked when I didn't move an inch.
"Yes," I said in amusement. "But at the moment, I like where I'm at, and preferably without any clothes."
"Tristan!" she exclaimed.
"Hmm?"
She poked me in the side, and I winced. "Off, I have a job to go to, you know." I nibbled her earlobe, and she squeaked. "Tristan!"
"Hmm?"
"Get off of me," she said and groaned as I licked the skin over her carotid artery. "Stop it," she said pleadingly. I chuckled. "Look, if I don't do my job, I'm going to be in trouble."
"By who?"
"By my boss who will kick my ass if I don't report what I found out."
"Hmm, this boss of yours sounds like an asshole."
Her lips twitched. "He is." I laughed softly. "Now will you please get off of me?" I sighed, and pulled out of her. "Thank you," she said sweetly and put her pants back on. I grumbled and pulled up my own. She scowled and fixed her shirt before looking up at me. Muttering under my breath, I walked into my bedroom, over to the small refrigerator, and grabbed a couple bags of blood. "Get me one too," Ari said from the doorway.
"Get your own," I growled and ripped into one bag, tossing the other one to her. She caught it reflexively and glowered at me. I snatched another bag from the refrigerator and closed it. Walking over to her, I punctured the second bag. Crushing the empty one, I turned her around with my free hand and led her to the door. She opened it, and I followed her out into the dimly lit hallway. We walked into the central area of the compound, and I inhaled deeply. The second bag emptied, I threw both of them into the trash. Hearing the sound of the elevator, I dropped onto one of the couches and stared up at the ceiling, my eyes almost all the way shut against the florescent lights.
"You want anything?" Ari asked, walking into the small kitchen.
"Coffee and doughnuts?" Cole suggested-crossing over to one of the chairs, and sitting down.
"Mmm, Cole," I said slowly. He leaned forward and set down a cup of coffee and a bag of fried bread. Ari grumbled and came back out of the kitchen and snag the bag of doughnuts.
"Where is Evelyn?" I asked him and grabbed up his coffee. He scowled at me as I took a sip.
"I have no idea actually."
"Hmm, would you do me a favor and tell her that I want her in my office in a few minutes?"
"Sure."
"Tell her to pass it on to Taylor, Elijah, and Avery."
"Got it. And Stanton, if you eat that all, you owe me."
"Got it," Ari said around a mouthful.
Cole held out his hand to me. "May I have my coffee back?" I smirked and handed it back to him. "Thanks," he muttered. "I hope you didn't poke holes in the lid." I chuckled and got up. Ari came over to me, bag and all, and pressed herself into my side. "You want me up at your office too, right?" Cole asked and got up. I nodded. He came around to my other side and put a hand on my arm. I reached out mentally and locked onto Sven and Ian who instantly went on alert. My office, I said, and teleported them all and myself to my office. Both Ian and Sven stumbled and caught themselves by holding onto a wall. I smirked and dropped into my chair. Reaching out, I opened the small refrigerator and grabbed another blood bag. I growled when it was the last one in the fridge. Damn it.
"Don't worry," Sven drawled. "I'll have Liana do a blood run." He smirked and leaned on the filing cabinet. "She hates doing it so I'm going to make her." Muttering silently to myself, I stabbed my fangs into the bag and quickly drained the cold content. The door opened, and I ducked as a notebook flew through the air to hit Sven upside the head.
"I heard that," Liana growled. Rubbing his head, Sven flipped open the notebook and scowled. Dropping the empty bag of blood on my desk, I reached up and snatched it from his hands. He took a step toward me and grabbed it.
"What?" Ari asked and leaned in. I growled and glared at them both. Sven swore and let go of the notebook. Ari only put her arms around me. I sighed and started reading. I opened a drawer and took out a red pen. "Um," Ari said nervously. "You're not going to stab me with that, are you?" I dropped the notebook onto my desk and tapped it with the pen thoughtfully. She pulled back a little as Taylor, Evelyn, Avery, and Elijah entered.
"So," I said. "Tell me, what have you got?" I asked, staring blankly at the notebook.
"Does the schedule of Hudsen count?" Elijah asked dryly. "We can pay him a visit tonight if you like."
I nodded and stopped my tapping of the pen. "Where is that cheerful child of mine?" I growled, grunting as pain lanced through my head. Ari straightened and dropped her arms from me.
"Are you okay?" both she and Liana asked simultaneously. Ari took the pen out of my hand before I could break it in two.
"Sire?" Sven asked, stepping closer and putting a hand on my shoulder. Air whooshed from me as it felt like I got kick in the stomach. Stiffening, I pushed from the desk and stood up. I groaned as the feeling of being slashed open hit me.
"Where is Corinne?" I hissed and grunt as the impact of being hit by a blunt object came over me. "Clearly here," I growled as I felt her coming down the hallway.
"I'll take things from here," said Elijah. "Go to her, I will have everything emailed to you
." I nodded stiffly and turned to Ari. Giving her a quick kiss, I flashed from the office.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

ALYSSA

Ow, ow, ow? I groaned in pain as I hit the pavement and drag myself to one of the rogues. I could feel my skin split and feel the hot blood pooling under me. With a scream, I pushed off the ground and knocked the rogue's legs from under him. Fangs bared and snarling, Kira fell on him. I screamed, the world spun, and everything went black. "God! Fucking! Damn! Shit ass! Retarded! Cock sucking! Son of a! Fucking! Bitch ass! Whore!" I shrieked and went limp in? I sniff and groaned as pain stabbed into me. I felt dizzy, and the world once again fell away from me. Someone was poking my cheek. What the hell? I thought as I slowly and painfully blinked my eyes open. "Natalia?" I asked stupidly.
"You're awake!" she exclaimed and waved her small hand in front of my face. I blinked at her. Where the hell was I? "Don't get up!" she shrilled as I made a move to do so, groaning as dizziness slammed into me.
"Where am I?"
"You're at the Council's infirmary." I again blinked at her. I knew the NSC had an infirmary, but the Council? "How did I get here, and what are you doing here?"
"Tristan and Trent brought you here, and I came here with Tryn."
"Oh."
She moved to a side table and picked up a cup. "Here," she said, holding it out to me. I sniffed it and groaned in hunger and disgust. Was I ever going to get use to drinking blood? Probably not. Gasping, I pushed myself into a sitting position and took the cup of blood from her.
"I hope this is not your blood," I said, sticking the straw between my lips.
"It's not." The hospital-like bed rose until it was supporting my back. I sighed and leaned into it. Natalia hopped up on the bed, folded her legs beneath her, and watched me. I finally took a long pull, and held back a moan as the slightly cool delicious sweet blood fizzed its way down my throat. This must be Tristan's blood I thought and scowled when it was empty. We both looked toward the door as it open.
"Tryn," said Natalia. "Trent." She frowned. "Where's Tristan?"
"He's currently busy with bleeding. Don't worry, he'll be in here shortly," Trynnadon said, moving to the foot of my bed. Trent came to my side and looked me over.
"How are you feeling?" he asked softly. I thought about it for a moment and winced when I poked myself in the chest.
"A whole lot better, but not completely," I said and stared moodily into the empty cup.
He chuckled and pried the cup from my hand. Setting it on the table and pulling a chair over, he sat and leaned closer to me. With a hand on my thigh, he tapped my chin. "Open." I did as I was told, and he pressed his wrist to my mouth. "Bite me." I sank my fangs into his wrist and pulled at it greedily. After a couple of mouthfuls, he pressed a finger into my cheek. "Stop." I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and licked at his wrist. He chuckled and pulled away from me.
"What's your name?" Natalia asked, looking at me curiously.
I frowned at her. "Huh?"
"What's your name?"
"Um, why are you asking me for my name?"
"She's making sure you don't have any brain damage."
"Elijah," I said and squinted at him.
"Alyssa," he said, smirking. "I think she does have some brain damage." He walked over and plucked Natalia from the bed. She squealed. "What do you say, kiddo?" He looked to the doorway and winced. I did too. Kira, in Tristan's arms, looked like shit. "Ah, brother." He set Natalia down on her feet. "How is she?"

"I won't know until she awakens," Tristan hissed, and the light overhead briefly flickered. He stepped into the room and came over to me. Passing Kira to Elijah, he looked between me and Trent.
"I'm fine," I finally said and prodded myself.
"Are you?" I nodded. I yelped as his hand flashed out to take hold of my own in his, stopping me from poking myself. My hand involuntarily spasm, and he tightened his grip. "Look at me," he said quietly. Oh no, I thought and looked down at the blanket covering my lap. I gasped as his energy flowed out into the room and tingles shot up my arm to settle uncomfortably in my stomach. Do it. Trent hissed in my head. You really don't want him angry at you. I squeezed my eyes and mentally nodded. Lifting my head slowly, I opened it and stared into Tristan's own hunger-filled ones. He didn't move, he didn't say anything, he just stared at me.
"He's reading your mind," Elijah growled. So are you, I silently muttered. "So am I," he hissed. "So is everyone else in this room." Oh, wonderful.
"Indeed," Tristan growled and dropped my hand. "Eight rogues," he snarled. "Four dead, two drained and two are nowhere to be found." He looked at Kira, hanging limply in Elijah's arms. "One of them injected her with the unknown drug circulating the streets at the moment." He turned his hungry gaze on Trent. "Look after your child closely, hunter. She may be next on the list." I squeaked and rolled off the bed. Moving in a blur, Trent caught me before I could do a header with the floor.
"What?" I asked, clutching at his arms.
"You heard me," Tristan whispered.
"How is Kira still alive then?"
"I had to drain her, sweetheart." I gulped. Being drained of blood? I heard it was painful. "It is," he replied to my silent thoughts.
"You did what?" Elijah snapped. They stared daggers at each other for a very, very long time.
"Do you really think I would take the poison into myself?" Tristan snapped back. "We survived this long, and it sure wasn't through stupidity." I blinked when I heard some kind of accent in his speech. Huh, haven't noticed it before. It sometime slips when he's angry, Trent said in my head. And he rarely speaks normally. Tristan took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I didn't bite her," he growled, sounding tired. I frowned. Vampires could get tired? Huh.
Elijah sighed and nodded. "Forgive me, I should have known better." Tristan grunted, growling something in a language that clearly wasn't English. "You given her blood?"
"I have, but she will need more than what I can give her."
"Allow me?" Tristan nodded. Then he turned to me as Elijah left the infirmary. He reached out and put a hand on Trent. Before I knew what was happening, everything went black. We appeared in the Council's chamber, and I inwardly groaned.
"What did I do?" I asked. Tristan growled something unintelligible and disappeared behind the heavy curtains blocking the back half of the large room. "Do we have to follow?" I muttered. Trent sighed, and a hand on my back, we followed. The private waiting room, the room you go to when you want a private meeting with a Council member, was closed. I reached out a hand and carefully opened it. The room was dark, and I silently prayed no one was going to jump out at me. Trent pushed it open wider, and we stepped into the pitched blackness. Stay very still, Trent whispered in my head and dropped his hand. It was cold, and I couldn't see anything.
"Close the door," Tristan hissed from somewhere in the darkness. Behind me, the door closed with a click. Then silence. I heard a grunt, and a curse.
"Tristan?" Natalia said in a small voice. "Are you going to hurt us?"
"No, sweetheart," he hissed softly. "I will not hurt you." I swallowed, hard.
"I can't see anything."
"Do me a favor, kiddo."
"What?" she squeaked.
"Be very, very quiet for me. Can you do that?"
"Yes," she whispered and fell silent. I yelped when a too-hot-for-comfort hand grabbed my wrist and pulled me forward. Heat surrounded me, and it took all of my willpower to remain still and not jerk away. I felt the sharp points of fangs on my neck. There was a quick sting of pain, and I felt hot blood trickling down my neck.
"Hmm," Tristan said thoughtfully in my ear. I held very still as I felt his tongue lapping at the blood. After a long moment, he let go of me. "Not a trace." Behind me, Trent let out a relieved breath.
"Not a trace of what?" Trynnadon and I asked simultaneously.
"The drug that Kira was injected with," said Trent.
"Oh," I said and backed into him. He put an arm around me and turned. "Will Kira be okay?" I asked as the door opened. Of course, I didn't get an answer out of Tristan. I got nothing, but silence.

KIRA

"Wake up, lskling." I moaned and tried to roll over, only to have a hand land on my shoulder, holding me in place. "Open your eyes, Kira." Go away, I silently groaned. I reached up and pushed weakly against the hand holding me. "Mmm, none of that now." Cool hand took my own hot one? or was it just me, and squeeze gently. "Open your eyes for me." Leave me alone. "No." Go away, I silently repeated and tried to pull my hand back. I wanted to go back to sleep, damn it. Tristan sighed, and I rolled into him as his weight came down on the bed. Then I sucked in a sharp breath as the hunger hit me. Tristan pulled me into his lap, growling something I couldn't make out. Dizziness slammed into me as he moved me into a sitting position. "Deep breaths, in and out." I took in a deep breath, held it, and let it out slowly. What the hell was wrong with me? "You don't remember?" Remember what? I thought, his fingers stroking my hair. "Allia," he drawled. I finally opened my eyes, and he grunted, giving me an exasperated look.
"Tristan," Allia said, amusement in her voice. She stepped inside and closed the door. I shifted, grimacing when the room spun a little. "Shall we try blood bags again?"
"Yes." She nodded and disappeared, only to reappear with blood bags in hand, a few seconds later. She handed it over and sat down on the bed beside us. I snatched one of the bags from Tristan. His hand locked around my wrist before I could bring it up to my mouth. "If you drain that in a couple of swallows and throw it back up, I am not going to be pleased," he said slowly. I frowned at the bag. "Take only a tiny sip and see how you feel."
"Okay," I groaned.
"I mean it," he said and let go of my wrist. With only his arm supporting my back, I raised the bag to my mouth and punctured it with a fang. Taking another deep breath, I took a tiny sip of A positive. My eyes widened as nausea overcame me. Tristan took the bag from my shaking hand and carefully set it on the nightstand. I once again took in a slow deep breath and held it. I held it until my stomach settled.
"I'm okay now," I said weakly. Allia leaned in, and I stiffened. She chuckled.
"Relax," she said against my neck and inhaled deeply. She inhaled a couple more times before sitting back. "It is weaker, although, I would like your opinion on it as well. Shall I bring the others in?" Tristan nodded before nuzzling my neck.
"Why are you sniffing me?" I groaned, and he tightened his grip on me as I made to move off his lap.
"Because," he growled. "You have been injected with a deadly drug." At that, everything came back to me in a rush of memories.
"Awww fuck!" I exclaimed. "No wonder I feel like shit!" The door opened, and Allia reentered with Elijah and Avery. "Why am I not dead?" I asked, squirming to get up. Tristan dropped his arm from me, and I carefully got to my feet. The room again spun, and only Avery's hand on me kept me from falling. "Damn," I groaned and clutched at his arm.
"Well?" Allia asked. "Is it weaker?"
"It is," Tristan said with a sigh. Avery turned me to face him, and both he and Elijah leaned toward me. I shuddered, my skin crawling. They both sniffed me and inhaled. This is awkward, I thought, and shuddered again as they straightened.
"I believe one more draining should do it," said Elijah. I yelped. "Of course, we never did it when she's awake."
"Let's do it now," said Allia. "Preferably before she burns up and tries to gouge out our eyes." I squeaked.
"That would be quite nice I assure you."
"Casiar," she drawled. "What brings you here?" I fell heavily against Tristan and groaned miserably. He put his arms around me and sighed.
"Now you're just being rude," Casiar said dryly. Allia crossed her arms and stared pointedly at him. He put up a hand, shaking his head. "Aaron."
"Who? I heard of Velron, but not Aaron."
Casiar glowered at her. "I said Aaron, but we can talk about it later." Before she could say another word, he disappeared.
"Idiot," she muttered. "Come." With me in his arms, Tristan got up and followed her into the bathroom across the room.
"Wait," I said and squirmed in his arms. Was it getting hot in here? Or was it just me. Just you, Allia replied in my head. Tristan set me on my feet, and I grabbed the sink to keep from falling. Tristan took hold of my shirt and smirked at me. "Hey," I spluttered. I gasped when cold hands touched me.
"Arms up," Allia said cheerfully. "And you won't fall over. Elijah is right behind you." I heard the sound of water being turned on, and I reluctantly raised my arms. With one quick move, my shirt and bra were off.
"You realized how uncomfortable this is?" I complained.
"Yes. Now stop complaining and let Tristan help you take off your pants." I grumbled and let my hands drop heavily to Tristan's shoulders. He pulled down my pants, and I stepped out of them. Then I screamed as he tossed me into the large bathtub. Shit, I didn't even see him move. I spluttered as my head broke the surface of the ice-cold water. I thought vampires were immune to cold? "They are," Allia said dryly. "But at the moment, you are slowly burning up. Or have you not noticed? Now flip over onto your back. Time to drain you." I flipped over and frowned up at the ceiling. "Evelyn, Taylor, thanks for joining us."
"Why are you all here?" I asked, grunting as my insides felt like it was on fire. Then I blinked when I found Tristan shirtless.
"No time for that," Allia said quickly. "Questions later." Evelyn, fully clothed, jumped into the tub, and in the blink of an eye, she was under me, holding me tightly against her. I opened my mouth to say something, but instead of words coming out, I screamed as pain gripped me. I saw a flash of silver before everything went dark.
Something hot and sweet filled my mouth. I swallowed and clamped my hands over the wrist and pulled at it. I struggled against the hands holding me when it was suddenly gone. I moaned as more blood went down my throat. My eyes flew opened as it was once again gone. Evelyn sat up with me and let out a frustrated groan. My eyes widened as I saw the tub full of blood. She reached out and pulled at the drainer. I looked around and winced. Allia, Tristan, Elijah, Avery, and Taylor were standing as far from me as the bathroom would allow. Evelyn turned on the shower and wash blood off the both of us. Well, off of me. She stepped back from me, and making sure I didn't fall on my ass, she disappeared into thin air. Tristan, still shirtless and wet, came over to me. I looked up at him when I felt his hand on my arm. "I'm fine," I said. "Just er? hungry."
"Clearly," Allia moaned, and then scowled at the floor. She snatched a towel and came forward. I took it from her and wrapped it around me. Tristan stepped back and turned to the door, opening it. Without a word, we all stepped from the bathroom. No one stopped me as I opened the bedroom door and headed down the hall and into one of the guest rooms. I opened the closet and pulled out clothes. I dropped the towel and quickly dressed. It was a good thing too, because I felt someone behind the door.
"Tristan?" I called. When no answer came, I picked up the towel and flashed to the door. I opened it and frowned up at him. At least this time, he was wearing a shirt. "You could at least answer me," I grumbled. He backed up, grunting.
"I'll take that," Allia said and snatched the towel from me as she past. Tristan and I stood in the hall, silent. After a long moment, he closed in on me. He reached out and cupped my chin, tilting my head up until I was looking him in the eye. Before I could instinctively shut my eyes, everything went very blurry. And it wasn't due to pain or dizziness.
"You will not kill when feeding," he said quietly, and then everything once again, went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirteen

BRYNNA

I snarled and tossed one of my knives at Sven who plucked it from the air and growled low in his throat. I grunted as someone came at me from behind and slammed me to the icy pavement of Denver Colorado. Cole snarled in my ear and ground me into the alley. I gritted my teeth against the pain. "Not," he gritted out. "Get off." He grunted as I drove my elbow into his gut. "Damn it Brynnalae!" he snapped and wrapped his hands around my neck.
"Don't," I hissed. "Call me that!"
"Get off her, Cole," Sven growled. Cole let out a furious snarl and was off of me as if I burned him. I flashed to my feet and ducked as Sven threw my own blade at me. I snatched it from the air and sheathed it. "Are you done acting like a child?" Sven bit out. I didn't realize I had a gun in my hand until I heard a pop. I blinked as hot waves of rage coursed through me. Shit, I was losing it. Sven roared and would have come at me if Cole didn't jump in the way and knocked him to the ground. I gasped and went flying as wind buffeted me. The gun was yanked from my hand. My vision focused enough to see Elijah getting up. Oh shit, I silently squeaked. "You moronic! Fucking ass! Bitch!" Sven shouted at me as I flashed into the trees.
Lightning crackled in the night sky, freezing my blood. I did not look behind me as I blurred through Colorado. Rage and fear battled fiercely inside me, and at the moment, fear was winning. Being chased by my own sire was very unnerving, knowing that he could have caught me before I even made it into the trees. I yelped as thunderclap split the air, causing my ears to ring and throb painfully. I flinched and duck as a blade sailed through the air, aiming for my head. I caught it, not stopping at my attempt to evade Elijah. I was only bringing out his predatorial side of him, and I was insane enough to do it. I kept running, using every ounce of my vampiric speed, even though I knew it wasn't helping any. I groaned, just before smacking into Casiar, sending both of us crashing to the ground. My whole body crawled, and I stiffened when I felt Elijah looming over me. "Elijah," Casiar said conversationally, as if I wasn't lying on top of him. "Did you lose something?" Another thunderclap cracked the air, and I winced. Oh, you are in so much trouble, Casiar hissed in my head. If you don't mind, please get off of me. I don't think Jailyn will appreciate you on top of me. I yelped again and rolled off of him. He chuckled and was upright in a heartbeat. Inclining his head to Elijah, he disappeared. I flashed to my feet, and not taking my eyes from Elijah, I gripped the hilt of my blade and swiftly backed away from him.
"If I were you," Elijah said, very, very slowly and full of warning. "I wouldn't do that."
"Do what?" I challenged.
"Bryn," he growled. I flicked my wrist, sending the blade flying. He sidestepped a split second before it could stab him in the neck. I mentally yanked the blade back into my hand and threw it. Unsheathing another blade, I tossed that one as well. I jumped up and caught one of the frozen branches, praying that it didn't snap as I flew up to land on it. Panting, I flipped in midair and streaked up, and up, and up. I screamed and raced across the sky, Elijah's growls loud in my head. You foolish child! He snarled. My screams cut off as I was jerked violently back. I spluttered and clawed at him, wriggling, trying to get free. Elijah's cold hand was suddenly clamped tightly over my mouth, tight enough that I couldn't bite him. I seethed, and was still seething when he teleported. He dropped me on my ass, and I scrambled to my feet.
"Damn it you!" I snarled. He had me up against a wall in a split second, trapping me.
"What, Brynna?" he growled. "What? What is it that you want?" I hissed. "Tell me."
"You know what I want!" I shouted.
"Do I? Do I really know what my volatile child really wants? If I were not a mind reader, would I?" I gasped as he struck the wall with the two blades. It buried itself into the wall on either side of my head, so close that I could feel the cold steel of it. "Do you know what would have happened if you shot Sven instead of me?" he asked in a low and calm tone, causing my stomach to churn uneasily. "Do you?" he snapped when I didn't answer him. He yanked one of the blades out and before I knew what was happening, he drove it into my stomach. I gasped and stared at him.
"What are you doing?" I asked him, clutching the hilt of the blade.
"I'm doing what you want to do to Cole. Firsthand experience is always the best ones, isn't it?" He jerked his eyes from the blood and met my own. His compulsion slammed into me, and I couldn't do anything. He pulled the blade out, and I grunted. "You're going to weaken yourself," he said softly and placed the knife in my hand. "I want you to repeatedly stab yourself. You're going to stab yourself, until you have no strength left to stand. Is that clear?"
"Yes."
"This is also your punishment for attempted murder of another hunter." He stepped closer to me and pulled the second blade from the wall. Then he stripped me of all of my weapons except for the one I was holding. I blinked, shaking my head.
"Can I do the stabbing?" I growled at Sven. "Fuck off," he snarled. When the hell did he get here?
"No," Elijah hissed at him.
"Okay," Sven said, backing up. "Okay, got that loud and clear."
"Did you see your sire?"
"I did, and he said he agrees with you."
"You're healed," Elijah said to me. "You can start all over." He growled and turned from me. "Cole, compel her not to bite anyone if you please." He strode to the door. Hand on the doorknob, he turned to me. "One more thing. If she tries to rip out her own heart, call me."
"Got it," Cole said, walking over to me.
"It is dawn. Your search will begin again tonight." With that, my sire opened the door and disappeared into the shadows.
"What are you waiting for?" Cole asked, glowering at me. I glared at him and looked up at the ceiling. He cleared his throat. "You're looking the wrong way," he said dryly. He stepped as close to me as possible without stepping on my blood. "Come on Suphryn, you know you want to look at me, preferably my eyes."
Sven snorted. "Good luck with that." Now, Elijah growled in my head. I took in a deep breath and drove the knife into my own stomach. Cole winced and quickly backed up before my blood could hit him as I jerked the knife out.
"Look at me," he growled. Groaning in pain, I dropped my head and looked at him. His compulsion hit me, fast and hard. "When you are to hunt," he said slowly as I jerked the blade out for a second time. "You will not kill. Is that understandable?"
"Yes," I hissed. He released me. I growled at him, my hand sticky with my own blood. Cole snarled at me and walked over to Sven. I stabbed myself, over and over, until my world spun, until I hit the bloody floor on all fours. Gasping, I jerked the blade out and dropped it. Cole reached out and lifted my head with one cool finger. "Go clean up," he said and helped me to my feet. A hand on my arm, he flashed me to the bathroom.
"I got it from here," I hissed. He nodded and stepped out, closing the door behind him.
An hour later, I was dressed, and very, very hungry, and not for some chicken wings. I scowled at my reflection in the mirror. Sighing, I opened my bedroom door and stepped into the hall. In the living room, Elijah turned from Cole and walked over to me. He pulled me into his arms, and I collapsed against him, groaning. "Sorry," he whispered in my ear and grunted as I sank my fangs deep into his neck. "Sven," he said, holding my head firmly against him, preventing me from pulling back too soon. "Come here." I shifted as I felt Sven behind me, and then I gasped and choked. "Don't spill," my sire said casually, as if he hadn't lit a fuse with his blood. "Drink it up." I shuddered at the warmth coursing through my body. "That's it," he drawled as I took a long pull of his blood. "And I believe that is quite enough." Elijah dropped his hand to my shoulder and squeezed. "I said that's enough." I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and licked the wound closed. He turned me around, and I hesitated for a brief second before looking into Sven's eyes. Silence descended, and I steeled my nerves.
"I'm sorry, Sven," I said and meaning it, because if I wasn't really sorry, I wouldn't have said it, even if he pulled a blade on me. After a long tense second, Sven nodded.
"Next time you pull that stunt, I'm going to wring your neck, got it?"
"Loud and clear."
"Good," he said and disappeared.
"Hey," I said, pulling away from Elijah. "Where did he go?"
"Blood run," said Cole. "We er? killed your stash while babysitting you." I huffed and flopped onto the couch.
"You're welcome," I said dryly. "And world record on fastest clean up time?" Cole grunted and eyed Elijah expectantly. I shook my head at him. "I wouldn't do that," I warned. Cole shrugged and looked at me.
"I have no idea what you're talking about."
I shrugged. "If he tears out your throat, don't blame me."
"He will not do such a thing." Iris, my blood sister, stomped into the living room and hit Elijah's chest with the stack of papers in her hand.
"What's that?" Cole and I asked simultaneously.
"Papers he has to file," she said cheerfully. Elijah groaned and took the two-inch stack of stuff out of her hand. "Evelyn would normally do it, but she's out of town."
"Out where?" I asked.
"New York, talking to that Scott dude." She walked over to the window and stared at the heavy curtains blocking out daylight. "Aaron is at the NSC headquarter."
"Who?" Cole asked.
"Don't you guys keep up with the Council?"
I looked at her. "Not really," I finally said and glanced at Elijah who was staring at the back of Iris's head.
"He works for Wesley." She shuddered and slowly turned to face our sire. "I don't think Trynnadon or Eric knows about him." I scowled at her. She shrugged. "Don't take my word for it. That's what Ari told me." Cole and I looked at each other.
"A little change of plan," Elijah growled. We all looked at him. "You two are going to give Tryn," he said softly. "A visit." And without a warning, everything went black.
I gracefully landed on my feet as the world fell away. Cole was cursing under his breath and blinking against the bright glare of the sun. Hand half covering my eyes; I nodded to the gate across the street. He growled and started walking. I followed as he made his way into the trees. "I'm feeling a little?" He shrugged and leapt over the gate. I followed him over a split second after the alarm went off. We both straightened as Gabriella came running and Trynnadon coming down the long driveway.
"Motion sensor," I said and clapped approvingly. "Whose idea?"
"Elena," said Trynnadon.
"Ah, Elena." I walked over to Gabriella and stopped before her. "I knew she was more than a scientist. And Gabriella," I said to the human and tapped the custom-made gun holstered to her side. "How fast can you draw that?" I asked her. I felt the displacement of the air, so faint that if I hadn't been paying attention, I wouldn't have noticed a vampire had just teleported nearby. That vampire turned out to be Rebecka as she blurred toward Gabriella. I smiled when she had the gun out, aimed, cocked, and ready to fire. The only thing holding her back was my mental hold on her trigger finger. Rebecka stopped a foot in front of her and smiled, her fangs fully extended. She held out her hand and laughed.
"Rebecka," she said and took Gabriella's hand briefly in hers before taking the gun and checking it. I released the human and snorted.
"Well done," I said to her and glowered at Rebecka. "What are you doing here?" I asked as she handed the gun back.
"I was curious myself," Rebecka said, shrugging. "Now that I am here, I think I might stick around." She glanced at Trynnadon and gave him a questioning look. "What?" she asked at his thoughtful look. Trynnadon shook his head and gestured for us to follow. He led us into the main parts of the house, up a flight of stair and into what looked like a conference room. He closed the door behind us and looked between me, rebecka, and Cole.
"I suppose you didn't come here for friendly chats," he said and glanced nervously at Rebecka. She folded her arms and stared up at the ceiling.
"Nope," I said. "We didn't. Do you know an Aaron?"
He blinked. "Yes, I do," he said slowly. "He's been working under Wesley for I believe three months now."
"Human?" Cole asked. Trynnadon nodded. "Is he here now?"
"He is. He's in the lab with Elena."
I smirked. "May we meet this? Aaron?"
He nodded. "Of course."
"Don't bother," Rebecka said to him before everything went dark.
I blinked against the bright lights and glared at the see-through door. Beside me, Cole sighed and tapped the door. I stiffened as Rebecka reappeared behind me, Trynnadon cursing up a blue streak. In front of me, Wesley hit a button, and the door slid open. I pushed it open farther and entered, turning until I had Rebecka and everyone in my line of sight. "Wesley," Trynnadon growled and sidestepped Rebecka whose eyes went from dark red to pitch black in a heartbeat. Oh shit, I thought and mentally kicking myself for not having any weapons on me.
"What?" Wesley asked, looking each one of us over. He gulped and cursed in pain when I kicked him, stopping him from meeting Rebecka's hungry gaze. "Ow!" he exclaimed, rubbing his shin and glaring at me.
"Is Aaron here?" Trynnadon asked, scowling at him.
Wesley nodded. "In the lab," he muttered and turned back to the wall full of monitors.
"I am tempted to bite you, human," said Rebecka.
"Please don't?" She sighed, and flashed to the hidden door that opened, with a whoosh.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fourteen

ELENA

Chills crept up my spine as I stared into a beaker full of clear liquid, stiffening at the tingling sensation of someone standing right behind me. "What are you working on, darling?" a female voice with a British accent asked.
"Oh boy," Brynna muttered under her breath. I slowly set the beaker down and slowly turned to face them. "Rebecka," Brynna said cheerfully. "This is Elena. Elena, Rebecka."
"Tronis," I muttered. Standing in the doorway, Cole choked back a laugh.
"Rebecka Tronis," Brynna said, confirming what I already figured out. "She's harmless." At this, Cole doubled over in laughter.
"Harmless my ass," Trynnadon grumbled from the other room.
"Stuff it, protector," Rebecka said, the hint of British accent now gone from her voice. She paced around the room, looking and sniffing at everything. Aaron, the human standing on the other side of the table stumbled backward as she closed in on him. "And you must be Aaron," she said slowly, sweetly. "I'm not like the other vampires in this room," she drawled.
"Who are you?" Aaron stammered and cringed as his back hit the wall behind him. Rebecka suddenly stiffened and gave Aaron an apologetic look. Cole, Brynna, Trynnadon, and I all stared at her. A split second later, a panting Kira came crashing into the room.
"Tryn," she snapped. "All humans into the safe room or whatever you call it." I grabbed Aaron and propelled him into the air. Trynnadon was a blur of motion as he snatched Wesley out of his chair, caught Aaron, and disappeared out the door.
"What's wrong?" Brynna growled at Kira.
"My sire is on a rampage."
"Oh fuck!" Cole shouted. "Where is he?"
"Here," she squeaked and ducked.
"What happened?" I shouted as Rebecka shoved me to the floor. My ears rang as pops went off and steels were drawn. I froze as Tristan appeared out of thin air, crouched, fangs bared, growling, and his eyes were pure white. I was guessing the shots that randomly went off didn't even hit him. His nostrils flared, and I felt cold as his eyes landed on me. Oh shit, I thought silently, panic rising fast. What did I do now? Rebecka gave me a questioning look before slowly approaching her brother. No one even dared to breathe as we watched Rebecka reaching 'out and putting a gentle hand on the back of Tristan's neck. After a moment, she gasped and 'groaned, saliva practically dripping from her mouth. She cleared her throat and swallowed before the drooling could go any farther.
"Shit!" she snarled and closed her eyes. I inwardly winced as I saw the tendons in Tristan's neck. It looked painful as hell. "Where's Evelyn?" She inclined her head and blinked at him. "Really?" She squeezed his neck gently. "Come back to me," she said softly. "Kom tillbaka till mig, min broder. You can do it."
"What does that mean?" Kira squeaked.
"Come back to me, my brother," Cole said quietly to her. Tristan closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. He was suddenly upright; his eyes flying open and back to pitch black. Then he was off, shouting, cursing, and rapidly firing something at Rebecka I couldn't even begin to 'make out. Was he even speaking English? Rebecka just stood there, her head slightly tilted 'back, taking it all in. When he was finally done? ranting? He let rip a snarl, and I could have sworn the earth shook a little.
"Oh my god," Kira said, gasping, clearly surprised by the shouting. "I thought I heard my name in there somewhere." Tristan rubbed his temples and glanced at his child. "Or was I just imagining it?"
"Your name was nowhere in there," Rebecka said, her British accent thick. "Damn it," she muttered.
"England has treated you well I see," Tristan said dryly. He dropped into an empty chair and hunched into himself.
She snorted. "I haven't lived there for a century."
"Doesn't matter, sister," he said softly. "It always sticks with you."
"True enough."
"Can I get up now?" I asked and wished that I didn't as Tristan's burning gaze once again landed on me.
"Elena," he said, drawing out my name. I held back a shudder and slowly sat up. "Do me a favor?"
"What's that?" I softly asked, holding my breath and praying he wasn't going to bite me.
"Don't you dare," Rebecka said sharply. Tristan straightened in his chair and growled at her. "Don't you dare bite her, or anyone for that matter." He again closed his eyes, going taut as a cable.
"Am I late for chemistry class?" a voice asked from the doorway.
"Very funny, Al," Rebecka said, moving closer to Tristan.
"Allia," Tristan said, opening his eyes. "Be a sweetheart of a sister and come here."
Allia smiled and flipped him off. "No, T," she said softly. He sighed, glowering at all of us. "What happened? I felt you on the verge of murdering someone." When he didn't answer, she stepped into the room, going to stand in front of him. "T?"
Tristan sighed heavily. "I stumbled upon four crime scenes."
Allia winced. "Oh shit."
"Oh shit indeed," he growled. "Luckily they were all humans, and I didn't have to stick around."
"In one state?" Rebecka asked. He shook his head. "Well that's something," she muttered.
"What if it's related?" Allia asked. Cole, Kira, Brynna, and I all gasped as the room suddenly plummeted to subzero temperature and my whole body went numb with static electricity. Rebecka and Allia stumbled back a step. Frost began to form on the walls, and I could hear the cracking of beakers and the hissings of chemicals.
"You," Tristan said slowly and so soft that even I had to strain to hear him. "Better pray," he growled, causing my synapses to go into seizure mode. "That it is not." There was a loud crack, the tingling of shattered glass, and the drip, drip, drip sound of spilled chemicals. I screeched and was able to somehow get to my feet and move away from the spilled acid and what not, 'even though it either formed blocks of ice or freezing halfway to the floor. Over my head, the light bulb sizzled, popped, and went out with a hiss. Tristan took in a deep breath through his nose and let it out slowly. A minute later, the cold gradually faded, but the static electricity still remained, clinging to me like a second skin. Tristan slowly got up and glared at all of us. I stumbled back before he could get to me. Of course, nothing ever goes my way. I didn't even see him move, but he was all of a sudden right behind me. I squeaked as he took both of my wrists in one cold hand, the other one trailing ice over my jugular. "Now," he said calmly and chuckled as my own heartbeat grew louder in my ears. The muscles in my arms jerked involuntarily, and the grip around my wrists tightened a little. That grip grew painful as I yelped and jerked forward at the feeling of sharp needles on my neck. Tristan released me, only to jerk me up against his body. I grunted as my head impacted with his chest. His arms were steel bands around me as I struggled uselessly. I looked around the lab, noticing that Rebecka and Allia were gone. Cole, Brynna, and Kira all had guns pointed at Tristan, but they couldn't shoot. As it was, he was using me as a vampire body-shield. "Put that away," Tristan hissed. "Now," he growled, low in his throat. I stopped struggling, shuddering at the feeling of his energy, or aura, or whatever you want to call it. Kira was the first to put her gun away. Brynna and Cole hesitated for a long time, until my world went grey, and my brain felt like it was going to burst from my skull. They hissed, and the guns were in their holster in a flash. I gasped in chemical saturated air, my eyes streaming as nausea threatened to take me over. I moaned. "Wise choice," Tristan said tightly. "And Elena," he said in a more conversational tone.
"What?" I squeaked.
"Goodnight, sweetheart." The sudden shock of no oxygen to my brain was fast and brutal. "Bring. Me. Aaron. Right. Now." It was the last thing I heard, before passing out.

TRISTAN

I dropped Elena and stepped from the lab. Walking over to one of the monitors, I smiled. Humans, I thought dryly. Damn, why, why were they so easy to manipulate, and why were fifty percent of the vampire population determined to give me a major headache on a daily basis? I narrowed my eyes on one of the monitors, and then I teleported myself into the safe room. I grabbed Aaron and snatched the syringe from his trembling fingers before he knew what hit him. Screams assaulted my ears as I slammed him into the steel door. I met his terrified eyes and bared my fangs. "Wrong species," I said mentally and out loud to him. "Now be a good boy and behave, hmm?" My compulsion trickled over him like a gentle caress. "Relax, Aaron." He relaxed, and I let him slide slowly to the floor. I dropped my hands from him and turned to the rest of the humans. "If I have to tell you to put away your taser, Kara. I'm going to stab you with this pencil in my pocket, understood?" She squeaked and dropped the taser back into her pocket. "Very good," I said approvingly. Behind me, the door slowly opened, giving Aaron plenty of time to move away. "Bryn," I growled.
"Sorry," she muttered.
"Don't be," I said calmly. "Bring him along," I growled and walked out of the room.
Back in the lab, I bent and took Elena into my arms. Her scent surrounded me, and I mentally groaned. "Elena," I said softly in her ear. I mentally reached out and grabbed hold of Brynna, Cole, and Aaron and teleported, reappearing in the Council's lounge. The soft strumming of a guitar was the first thing I heard. I looked around and blinked at Corinne who slapped at the strings, stilling it.
"Tristan," she spluttered. I moved to one of the couches and settled Elena on it before turning to her.
"Corinne?"
"Is that the hunter?" she asked, dropping my expensive guitar and launching herself at him. I moved in a blur and grunted as she hit me. I caught her and held on tight. She winced, growling.
"Easy, sweetheart," I said in amusement.
"Is he the hunter? Because if he is, I'm going to-"
"No," I growled, interrupting her. "You're not going to do anything."
"Why?" she exclaimed.
"Because, he is not the hunter." I walked her back to her spot on the couch. She huffed and sat heavily. "Continue playing." I turned to Brynna who was scowling at me, and Aaron who had a determined look about him. "Go on," I said to him. "Ask it."
"Who are you?" he asked hesitantly.
I strode over to him and inclined my head. "I'm Tristan," I said and smiled as confusion took over. "Head of the Vampiric Council."
Aaron stiffened and quickly backed up from me. "C-council?" he stammered. "There are laws?"
"Of course," I said softly. He cringed. "And some don't abide by it." I took a step closer. "Tell me, Aaron. How did you find out about the existence of vampires?"
"I-"
"Mmm, don't start." He blinked up at me. "I can hear every single thought running through your head as we speak." I reached out and cupped his chin, preventing him from looking away. He flinched at the cold touch of my fingers. "And you are working for a vampire. Tell me who that is, Aaron. Tell me. Or I'll compel it out of you." I inhaled deeply-the scent of his fear thick in the air. A cool hand landed on my arm, and I looked down at it, preparing to bite the owner of said hand if she didn't drop it.
"Don't," Corinne said firmly. "Bite me." I smiled and put my other hand on hers, giving it a gentle squeeze. Then I shot my hand out, snapping Aaron's wrist. The sound of breaking bones was loud in my ears. Cole moved in a blur, catching the syringe before it could hit the floor, and Corinne squeaked, digging her fingers into my arm and pressing herself close to me as possible. My head pounded painfully as Aaron screamed, cursed, and cradled his broken wrist.
"Search him," I growled at Cole. "Now! And give him medical attention." I glared at him. "In the human sense," I said slowly as he blinked stupidly at me. I dropped my hand from Aaron and growled. "One more brave, but stupid attempt at sticking one of us again, child. It won't be another snapping of the wrist," I said softly. "Do I make myself clear?" He nodded jerkily. "Search, infirmary," I snapped before turning to Corinne.
"I didn't feel any pricking," she said, stepping back from me. "I swear." I took in a deep breath and glowered at her. "Really, I'm fine. He just startled me a little."
"Your perception is waning, my child," I drawled.
"It is not," she protested.
"It is so." I looked her over and inhaled deeply. Satisfied that she wasn't tainted with the scent of poison, I nodded and stepped back from her. She huffed and glanced around the lounge, grumbling when she found herself alone with me. I smirked. "You're acting like this is the first time alone with me." She shrugged. "Has Ian report in yet, do you know?"
"I've been in this lounge for over an hour, but hadn't heard anything."
"Very well, I'll seek him out."
Her dark red eyes gleamed. "Can I come?" she asked eagerly.
"Me too?" I turned to the double doors leading into the Council chamber and scowled at Kira. One hand holding the left door open, she smiled. "Please?"
"What were you doing in there?" I asked suspiciously.
"Ah," she said hesitantly. "Looking through scrolls?"
"What scrolls?" I asked slowly.
"Scrolls on the vampiric laws."
I sniffed gently at the air and a bittery taste coated my tongue. I smiled. "Really?" I asked and took a peek inside her head. She wasn't looking through scrolls. She was however, looking through archive records.
"Yep," she said and glanced at Corinne.
"Hmm," I said thoughtfully. I reached out and took Corinne by the arm and walked over to Kira. "Back inside."
"Um, okay," Kira said in confusion and backed into the huge room behind her.
"Into the archive room, sweetheart."
"Ah, why there?"
"Kira," Corinne said suspiciously. "Did you just lie to our sire?" Corinne let out an exasperated gasp. "You did not."
"I did not lie," Kira protested. Mentally sighing, I pulled both girls to me and teleported.
"Enough," I said and released them. I walked to the nearest filing cabinets and leaned on them. "What were you looking for?"
Kira shifted uneasily on her feet and scowled at Corinne who was eyeing her with interest. "Alexander Wensworth," she muttered.
"Mmm, I should've known."
"I didn't find him."
I smirked. "Of course you didn't. You realize there's over a thousand names to go through, don't you?" I straightened. "And most of the records are not here." I scanned the cramped, dimly lit room. "Only the newer generations are stored here." Kira grumbled. "You will only find fledglings to age 500."
"Ooo," said Corinne. "Am I in here?"
"Maybe," I said, walking to each letter labeling each cabinet and sniffing.
"Will I be listed under my name? Or last name?"
"Try sire," I drawled.
She blinked. "Really?"
"Don't get too excited, girls."
"Why?" Kira asked, pouting.
"Because," I said dryly. I flashed to them and turned them both around.
"Because what?" they asked as I walked them to the door. I mentally unlocked it and pushed it open. I led them out, their grumbling protests loud in my ears.
"Are all vampires listed by sires?" Corinne asked.
I sighed. "No."
"Can I have Alexander's file then?"
"Why?" I pushed them into chairs at the Council table and frowned at Kira.
She sighed. "I overheard Riordan and Taylor talking about giving Natalia a new sire, and I want to see if he will be?" Her eyes narrowed as she searched for the word she wanted. "Right for her, if that makes any sense."
"Mmm, she very well may not be re-sired. She may be just given a permanent mentor for a hundred years of her life."
She nodded. "I understand. It's still the same."
I smirked. "It is not the same, but alright. I'll give you Alexander Wensworth's file."
"Now?" she asked excitedly.
"On one condition."
She frowned. "What?" she asked warily.
"Someone will be with you the whole time you are reading or doing whatever you're doing."
She looked thoughtful. "Anyone?"
"No," I said slowly. "Not just anyone."

"Damn it," she grumbled. "You or one of your siblings?"
"Indeed." She grumbled some more, until I narrowed my eyes at her.
"Okay okay fine."
"And," I continued, putting my hands on her and Corinne, and teleporting to the vault a hundred feet below the compound. "Nothing. And I mean nothing leaves this vault. Is that clear?" Their eyes widened at all the weapons, shields, armors, books, tomes, scrolls, and little trinkets set all around the vault.
"I changed my mind," Corinne whispered. "I am so staying here."
I smiled. "Did you two hear me?"
"Yes," said Kira.
"What did I say?"
"Nothing leaves the vault," they both said in unison. I mentally reached out with my mind. Anyone well fed and not busy? I mentally asked my siblings and replayed the past half an hour or so for them. She doesn't trust our judgment? Evelyn asked in amusement.
"And I'll watch over them," Evelyn said from right beside me. "And, I'll make sure that nothing leaves this wonderful vault. I give you my word." Nodding and giving my two youngest progenies one last look, I teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifteen

COLE

"Stop," Brynna said through gritted teeth. "Pacing." I came to an abrupt stop and glared at her. She put up her hands and took a step back. It was late at night, and Sven, Liana, Brynna, and I were standing in the shadows of trees surrounding Alexander Wensworth's house.
"Why are we here?" I asked, gripping the hilt of my blade. "Is he even home?" Liana laid a gentle hand on my arm and squeezed until I relaxed my grip.
"You know why we're here," Liana said softly. "We need a change for a night or two."
"I can hunt," I said slowly. "Bradley Miller every day, and every night of my existence."
Brynna smiled coldly. "So can I," she said sweetly. "So can I."
Liana chuckled. "I think we all can." Sven growled when she unsheathed his kukri and flipped it into the air and catching it.
I reached out and stopped her before she could flip it for a second time. "Stop that," I growled. "Before you chop something off."
"I like that back," Sven muttered.
Liana frowned at him. "Why, you haven't been using it lately." I growled in irritation. Sven took the blade out of her unresisting hand and sheathed it. She glared at him. He only smirked and pulled her to him. She sighed and scowled at the ground.
"I think he prefers you to have all your fingers," I drawled. She huffed. Shaking my head at them, I turned back to the house. "Let's go," I said, sighing. I felt the sudden charge of energy in the air as Liana, the youngest hunter in the group dropped her cloaking, letting it out in a powerful burst. We silently stepped from the trees and made our way to the front door. It opened a split second later, and a guarded Alexander looked out at us.
"Hey," Brynna said cheerfully and waved to him. "You remember me?" His eyes widened, and he took a step back. Brynna smirked. "No worries."
"What's wrong?" Alexander asked, his eyes taking in everything. I inwardly smiled. He wasn't a stupid vampire after all.
"You applied to become Natalia's mentor or sire. Do I have that correct?" He nodded. "Have you sired a child before? Or mentor a fledgling for that matter?"
"I have," he said and opened the door wider. "Would you like to come in?"
"Thought you'd never ask," Brynna said and entered. We followed in after her. Behind us, the door slammed shut and locked. Alexander led us into a living room and nodded. "Please make yourselves comfortable," he said, nodding to the couches.
"I think he's a nice guy," Liana whispered in my ear before sitting down. Alexander inclined his head to her, but didn't say anything. I smirked and made myself comfortable against a wall. Brynna snorted and both she and Sven took a seat on one of the couches. Alexander nodded and eyes on all of us, slowly reached into his pocket. I tensed, ready to take him down if he so much as pull out a pocketknife. He froze as Sven pinned him with a cold stare I was so used to seeing on Tristan.
"What are you doing?" he asked, enouncing each word like it was a warning slap. Alexander didn't flinch, didn't take a step back, and didn't let us know how afraid or nervous he was. Oh no, he took a step closer to Sven and pulled out his hand. I went cold as I saw what he was holding.
"This," Alexander said and dropped the syringe containing a deadly poison on the small table in front of Sven. He flashed away, ducking, dropping to the floor, rolling back to his feet as the world blurred around me. I slammed into him, knocking him back down. "I wasn't going to hurt him," Alexander hissed, his fangs extending to their full length. "Or-" His eyes widened in surprise. "Okay, seriously, did I do something wrong?" I blinked through the red haze of my vision and got off of him. Not that I wanted to, but because of the thrum of power in the air causing my body to tighten painfully. There was a long heavy silence before the crackles of energy dissipated. Liana moaned. I turned to her, and then swore as I saw Tristan and Evelyn out the corner of my eye.
"I'm fine," Liana gritted out. "Just give me a moment. Ow," she muttered and glared at us. Alexander groaned. I grunted and sat down beside her. She sighed and leaned her head on Sven's shoulder, grumbling something under her breath. He put an arm around her and scowled at Tristan. I glared at Evelyn.
"Was that necessary?" Brynna finally exploded, unable to remain silent for long. She jumped up and flew at Tristan, sending him crashing through the wall and into the next room. Sven, Liana, and I flashed into the next room which was a dining room and converged on the both of them. I caught Brynna's fist before she could punch Tristan for the hundredth times and counting. Liana and I hauled her off of him and restrained her from flying at him. She snarled as Sven grabbed her from behind.
"Alex, you got somewhere where we can spar?" Sven asked dryly.
"No," said Alexander. "But you can take it outside. I have an enclosed backyard."
"Perfect," Sven said and teleported, taking a seething Brynna with him.
"Well," Liana said with a huff. She stared down at Tristan and smirked. "So, you gonna get up?" she asked, clearly holding back a laugh. Tristan rolled his eyes and remained on the floor, broken plaster on and around him. She grumbled and turned to Evelyn. "You just watched Brynna beat up your brother, and you're just standing there?"
"Yes," said Evelyn. "Because I didn't need to jump in." Alexander cleared his throat. We all turned to him. Evelyn smirked. "No, you're not in trouble, Alex. As to why to our sudden appearance, we protect our own." Understanding flitted across his face, and he nodded.
"I'm sorry," he said.
"No need, and I believe one of your childe is standing outside your door." Her lips twitched.
He glanced toward the front door. "I know."
"Who is it?" I asked.
"Me," a very familiar female voice said from behind me. I spun around and spluttered.
"Holy shit!" Liana exclaimed. She rubbed furiously at her eyes.
"Ariella Stanton is your-your-your?" I snapped my mouth shut. Ari pulled Tristan to his feet and smiled at me. I turned my head to stare at Alexander. "How old are you exactly?" I asked him.
"Isn't it rude to ask someone's age?" Alexander asked dryly. I peered at him more closely and glowered.
"He is over two thousand years old," Evelyn said from right beside me. I looked at her and sighed in exasperation. "Sorry."
"You're not," I muttered. "Did you know he's her sire all along?"
She shrugged. "Of course." Then she and Tristan moaned as the fresh scent of blood hit us. It was a hint in the air, but to them, it might as well be chocolate delight. Alexander looked between the two Council members and Ari who was not even an inch from Tristan. I moved away from Evelyn as Brynna and Sven slowly walked into the living room. Both were covered in blood. Alexander groaned and glared at them.
"What kind of sparring did you two get into?" he asked with annoyance. They both shrugged. He stared at the blood trails on the floor and cursed under his breath. He shrugged and walked into the kitchen, reappearing with a couple of blood bags in hand. He tossed them into the air, and both Evelyn and Tristan lunged for it, snatching it from the air. He frowned. "You can have my whole refrigerator content if it will help," he muttered.
"I suggest you get out of their way," I said and reached out, mentally flinging him aside. Evelyn sighed heavily and gave me a dirty look before following Tristan into the kitchen. Alexander got up from where he fell and scowled at me.
"What?" I asked, scowling back at him. Cole, Evelyn said sweetly in my head. What? I silently muttered. Where are your manners? My scowl turned into confusion, and Alexander blinked at me. Then Brynna slapped her forehead and groaned. "What?" I repeated, directing the question at her.
Alexander nodded to her. "I remember you," he said. "But who are the rest of you?" he asked, never taking his eyes off me. I inwardly cursed and cursed some more as Evelyn chuckled in my head.
"I'm Brynna," Brynna said and looked to Sven. "That's Sven." She pointed to Liana. "That's Liana." Her pointing finger landed on me, and I glowered at her. "The one who nearly ripped your heart from your chest is Cole."
My eyes narrowed on her. "I wasn't going to tear out his heart," I said defensively. I turned to Ari who looked like she wanted to hit me. I put up my hands. "Hey, hey," I said, glaring at her.
"Evelyn," Ari said, looking toward the kitchen. "Can I hit him?" I heard the crinkling of plastic. I eyed Ari expectantly and tensed, preparing to dodge if I had to.
"No," Evelyn said a minute later.
"But," Ari protested. "He was about to kill Alexander."
Evelyn appeared in the archway and stared at me. "No he wasn't," she said softly. Tristan appeared behind her, but didn't push her out of the way. Evelyn glanced back at him and sighed. "Sven, take Brynna and get the both of you cleaned up. That's an order." Sven nodded before teleporting away with Brynna. "Cole, hand me that syringe." I glanced at the syringe on the table and growled. I wanted to take that damn thing and flush it down the toilet. I walked over and picked it up and held out my hand. Evelyn again sighed and step forward, taking it from me. She dropped it into her pocket. Then she growled as Tristan grabbed her from behind. "What the hell are you doing?" she snarled. She grimaced. "I will be fine with it," she gritted out. He wasn't having none of it though as he wrestled her into submission and took the deadly drug from her. Snarling, she shoved at him. Before our very eyes, the syringe disappeared into thin air which enraged her even more. Alexander looked nervously between the two of them. "Where did you send it to?" she hissed. I was flat on my back as power exploded from both of them. Shit, I silently thought.
"Please don't destroy my house," Alexander groaned. Evelyn strained against her brother's hold. She broke that hold several times, only to be slammed back to the wall or the floor. "Release me," she snarled. "Or I-" She gritted her teeth and groaned. It looked like they were having a mental battle. Something was up. My stomach clenched painfully. "It's not like that," she panted. Tristan went flying across the room to crash through another wall. Alexander swore viciously under his breath. "Let me go," she snapped. Tristan was in front of her in a heartbeat. She slammed into him, sending him to the floor. He didn't remain there long. He snarled and flipped her over. I looked at Ari who glanced pleadingly at me. I shook my head at her.
"Are you fucking insane?" Tristan roared. We all froze into stun immobility except for Alexander who was blinking rapidly and backing away. I jerked as if hit by lightning. I flashed over to them.
"What the fuck are you talking about?" I asked, standing over them. They both glanced up at me. "Evelyn, what is he talking about?" I demanded.
"Nothing that concerns you," she growled and drove her fangs into Tristan's arm before I knew what was happening. He let out a bloodcurdling scream that chilled me to my very core. He was still screaming when she released him and disappeared into thin air. There was a blur of motion, and I turned in time to see Lianna catching Ari before she could hit the floor. Alexander shoved her from his childe and took her into his arms.
"What's happening to her?" he shouted, both mentally and out loud. After a moment, Tristan's screams finally died down, turning into moans of pain.
"She's mated to him," Lianna said gently.
Alexander's eyes widened. "Oh," he breathed. "Shit."
"Yeah," she said nervously.
"What did she do to him?"
"I have no idea," she muttered. Tristan let out a final long agonizing moan of pain before finally passing out. A panting Sven appeared in front of me, stumbling back a step, and falling on his ass. He stayed where he was, looking confused and in a whole lot of pain. I swore. If Sven felt his sire's agonizing pain? then? I dropped down beside Tristan and tentatively put a finger on him. What about Kira? Corinne? They weren't even two years old in vampire life, and this could very well kill them.
"Sven," I said softly, gently. Liana was at his side the moment he appeared. She hovered over him, clueless on what to do to help him. "Sven," I repeated. He raised his head to look at me. "Do you know if the others?" I couldn't even finish the question. Sven clutched his head and moaned. Liana finally dropped down beside him and put her arms around him.
"Sven," she whispered in his ear. "Can you hear me?" He moaned in response. Liana looked at me, and I swore at seeing the helplessness in her eyes. "Why aren't the others coming for him?" she asked and finally got a good look at Tristan. She paled and gulped. He looked? to simply put it? dead. My stomach churned uneasily as dread came over me. Sven met my eyes and shook his head. Relief slammed into me, and I rubbed my eyes. Tristan may be an asshole, irritating, scary, cold, emotionless-a bastard, and every negative thing you could think of to the outside world, but those who knew him, and had to watch and deal with his daily battle with the beast, saw a whole different side of him. Ice cold chill ran down my spine as I thought of what would happen if he woke up and shuddered at the thought. "Teleport us," Liana said to Sven.
"Corinne," Sven gasped. "Call for Corinne. I can't do it." Liana and I exchanged a look. This was going to kill her, but we needed to get out of here, like yesterday.
"Call for Elijah," I said.
He shook his head. "Cant." I just stared at him, and then I mentally reached out and gaped as I hit a brick wall. Evelyn! I mentally shouted. You idiot! What the fuck! Are you doing! I snarled as I got nothing but silence. I shoved my hand into my pocket and yanked out my phone, scrolling through my contacts and hitting up Corinne. I prayed to hell that Evelyn didn't cut off her power of teleportation.
"Hello?" Corinne answered, and I nearly fell sideway in relief that she didn't get the brunt of her sire's pain.
"Cor," I breathed.
"Cole?" she asked.
"Yeah, it's me."
"What's wrong?"
"My sire has gone fucking insane," I bit out.
"Um? okay?"
I took in a deep breath and hoped she didn't shriek in my ear. "Tristan is?" I searched for the right word and growled when I found none.
"Cole?" she said, fear pronounced in her voice.
"Incapacitated," I said slowly.
"What?" she screeched. "And what does this have to do with Evelyn?"
"She was the one that caused it," I said quietly.
"What?" she repeated. This time it was more of a shout.
"Can you come get us? Can you teleport?"
"Where's Sven?" she whispered.
"He's right here, but he's in tremendous pain." Corinne let out a cry and was suddenly right beside me. She hung up and shoved her phone away. I did the same and waited for the explosion I knew was to come. I wasn't disappointed as she gasped and then screamed at the sight of her sire. My world abruptly went dark, and I landed hard on my back somewhere else. I blinked and looked around. She teleported us all including Alexander who was still holding Ari in his arms. Corinne's agonizing cries tore through me, and it took all my effort not to reach out and hug her. The room was suddenly supercharged, abruptly shutting up Corinne. She looked at Tristan expectantly, but I knew it wasn't coming from him. It was coming from someone else. Someone, for the moment, we couldn't see.


* * * * * *



Chapter Sixteen

ALLIA

Let me go, or let him suffer. Those words ran through my mind like someone had run me through with a stake to the heart. I closed my eyes and controlled the urge to level Corinne's home to the ground, and damn was it hard. Not only that, I also had to control the surge of energy threatening to break like a dam. Opening my eyes, I looked at everyone, still lying on the floor, Cole, Liana, Alexander? The only one halfway up into a sitting position was Corinne. I silently crossed the living room, invisible to all. I stopped before Sven and dropped down beside him. He went rigid at my nearness. I gently slipped inside his mind and gritted my teeth against the barrage of pain before slowly drawing it away from him. Allia, he silently gasped. Why did it affect me and not the others? I put a gentle hand on his forehead and mentally sighed. Because you were closest to him, I whispered. Aren't we all? I smiled. Not like that. I meant distance wise. Oh, damn, I'm losing it. Wait, he said weakly as sleep suddenly washed over him. His thoughts of losing control when waking up at the front of his mind. Not to worry, hunter. I won't let you go on a killing spree. And do not worry about Liana. She'll be with you when you wake. Sleep now, Sven. Help Tristan, he whispered. I smirked. Oh, I intend to, I said and let the veil of sleep settle over him like a fine mist before pulling out. Liana sighed in relief and let her head fall to the floor with a thump. Take him into one of the guests' rooms, I mentally said to her. She nodded. I got up and went over to Alexander. I dropped the darkness shielding me. Corinne gasped, Cole hissed, and Alexander jerked like someone had punched him. "Your child will not wake as long as Tristan remains in this state he's in," I said softly to him.
"How long is that?" he asked.
I shrugged. "To be honest, I don't know. You felt her pain, did you not?"
Alexander shook his head. "She automatically cut herself from me."

I smirked. "Children," I drawled. "They always want to protect the protector, don't they?" He sighed and nodded. I finally turned to Tristan and winced, both for him and Evelyn. Evelyn, because she was going to be in a world of hurt the next time Tristan gets his hands on her. I flashed to Corinne and put my hand on her shoulder. "Corinne," I said softly. "I need you to move away from him now so I can help him."
"Come on kid," Cole said and held his hand out to her. "Come sit beside me."
"Go now," I said gently to her. She reluctantly got up and went over to Cole. He nodded and got up as well. He took Corinne's hand and pulled her to the far window. I looked at them thoughtfully. "On second thought, I think you should take Corinne out hunting, Cole." I put up a hand to stop her from protesting. "Corinne," I said softly. "He will not recognize you when he wakes. It is safer if you go with Cole. I will let you know when he wakes up. I give you my word." Alexander cleared his throat, and I turned to him. He gave me a questioning look. I zeroed in on his thoughts and smiled. "Ari will be fine." He nodded. "But, you should leave as well or go into another room." I looked back to Cole and Corinne. "Cor?" Corinne hesitated for a long minute before nodding. I didn't watch them leave. I turned back to Tristan and pulled him onto my lap.
With one finger, I stuck it into his mouth, lifting his upper lip. Good, I thought. His fangs were fully extended. "If you wake up and start gnawing on my neck, I will truly kill you," I muttered. I lifted his arm and stared at the reddish purplish bruise around the bite wound. I whistled under my breath. It was hot to the touch. Damn, I thought, sighing. Taking in a deep breath, I tore at my wrist. I had it pressed to Tristan's mouth in a heartbeat. My whole body tingled as my blood dripped into his mouth and down his throat. "Come on T, drink." I growled and pulling out a blade, I slashed at my wrist, silently begging him to drink. After an eternity of waiting, his throat convulsed, causing me to break out in a cold sweat. Yes, sometimes, we were afraid of each other. My stomach clenched in hunger, all the while I was preparing to restrain him. I stiffened as his sharp fangs suddenly sank into my wrist. His eyes were still closed as he drank greedily. Fucking shit, I silently snarled as my vision, already tinged with red got redder. I glanced at his arm and sighed in relief at the absence of the bruised bite wound. The only sign was the angry red painful looking discoloration. Groaning, I pulled my wrist away and quickly closed it. I gently pushed him off my lap and leaned over him. "Wake up," I growled. "Wake up, Tristan."

TRISTAN

Pain, darkness, and most of all, tremendous hunger. For some reason, I couldn't get myself to twitch a finger, let alone breathe. Not that I needed to, but it was a habit none the less. In my head, I was screaming. Not just from the pain, but also in rage as memories flooded my mind. Evelyn, I thought. Fucking. Evelyn. My eyes flew open and just as quickly snapped shut. The light might as well be a blade being stabbed into my eyes and shoved all the way in. I groaned, my ears pounding as the sound of rushing blood grew louder and louder. I heard the opening of a door, and I forced myself not to inhale sharply. Instead, I slowly drew in air and almost groan out loud at the taste of fear, hope, and? sweat? The cool relief on my skin told me that the lights were off. The slight buzz in my blood grew stronger as she approached. She stopped and hovered over me. Her scent changed and her heart skipped a beat before pounding hard as she realized I was awake. My own blood went hot, and my mouth watered at the sweet scent in the air. She put a hand on my arm, and it was like sticking your finger into an outlet. My eyes flew open and before she could pull away and jump back, my own hand locked around her wrist in a tight hold. Her frightened eyes met mine, and it was a wonder I didn't roll her. "You know better not to be alone with me," I growled softly. "You're quite lucky I am sane for the time being." She yelped as I pulled her down on me. My arms came around and held her tightly to me. "Let me tell you something, Kira." She trembled slightly against me.
"Uh," she squeaked. "Sire, please let me go, please please please." I closed my eyes and held onto my last ounce of self-control. Cold and hot sensations course through me in rapid succession as I forced myself to remain in the right frame of mind. It was either that. Or kill her. "Please let me go," she whispered breathlessly. "Please?" She struggled as I forced her neck down to my mouth. I licked at her frantic pulse and inhaled deeply. The door crashed open just as my world went dark.
A snarl ripped from me and pain shot up my arms. I looked down and let rip another snarl which turned into a scream as venom-coated silver chains fell on me. With a loud snap, it locked into place. I slammed my head back into the wall behind me and roared. Fuck, I was hungry. I was pissed. I was going to fucking kill my stupid ass! Brainless! Insensible bitch of a sister! Panting, I flashed to the middle of the small impenetrable room and went taut. Blood dripped down my hands and onto the floor. Stupid fucking handcuffs, I silently snarled. I slammed against the chains preventing me from going any farther. Suddenly Ian was standing in front of the door, a gun in his hand, a gun not yet issued to the hunters or civilians. He winced and pointed it at me. "Are you going to shoot me, Ian?" He peered at the gun thoughtfully and frowned at me. I bared my fangs and snarled. "What is in there?" I asked, already knowing that it contained liquefy TP2 bullets. I smiled coldly when he didn't answer. He didn't meet my gaze as it bored into him. I didn't have to look him in the eye to compel him. Point the gun up toward the ceiling and come here, I hissed into his mind. He stiffened and struggled, but couldn't resist the command. The gun slowly pointed up, and he walked the five feet to me. I snarled as Casiar appeared beside me. The gun was yanked from Ian, and then he dropped to the floor, unconscious.
"It's for the best, brother," Casiar hissed in my ear.
"Spirit form," I hissed and turn to face him.
"It was either that or let you kick my ass, and for the moment, I rather be free of pain." He shrugged. "In this form, you can't even grab hold of me." I mentally reached out and locked onto him. He winced and put up a translucent hand and shook his head. "Don't, Tristan. I need my poor psyche intact." I smirked and released my hold on him. "Good." He put a hand on my chest, and I grimaced when it passed through. "Please don't fight me," he hissed. I bared my fangs and growled low in my throat. He sighed and with a mental shove, he had me flat on the floor. "I know how pissed off you are right now."
"Pissed off?" I snarled. "I'm more than pissed off." I grunted as Casiar slowly drained me of energy. "Get the cuffs and chains off me."
He shook his head and glanced at Ian. "I don't think so." I sucked in a sharp breath. Damn, it felt like I was being torn in two, and the burning pain from the cuffs and chains wasn't helping any. I groaned as lethargy hit me hard. "You will thank me for this later."
"Never," I whispered weakly.
Casiar smirked. "The next time you wake up, you will be less likely to rip out throats. You have my word." My vision blurred briefly before going black.
A gasp greeted my ears and hot sweet blood filled my mouth. Blinking my eyes open, I growled. Gulping down one last mouthful of blood, I withdrew my fangs and licked lazily at the bite wound. "Ow," Corinne moaned in my arms. I lifted my head and scanned the darkness of my room. Corinne struggled from my lap and fell onto the bed beside me. I peered down at her. "Casiar brought you here," she said and rubbed at her redden neck.
"I did," Casiar drawled. I turned to look at him, leaning casually against the door frame and looking for all the world relaxed. He chuckled. "I have to congratulate you." I arched an eyebrow at him. "In your incapacitated state, and mind you, I also weakened you to the point of torpor. Your stubborn ass somehow found the strength to fight Taylor and Allia." He smirked. "It wasn't your best, but it was enough to almost tear Taylor's head off." I winced. "She is fine. They're both fine."
"How's Sven and Ari?" I asked.
"Sven is awake, but weak. And Ari is still out." I sighed and grimaced at the thought that it could be Kira or Corinne.
"What are you thinking about?" Corinne asked.
"I'm thinking that you should go out hunting," I said.
"Think I'll just stay here."
I turned to scowl at her. "Oh no you don't."
"Tristan-" I put a finger to her lips.
"Now," I said in a warning tone. I cupped her chin and stare deeply into her eyes, rolling her. "You will not kill anyone while you're at it."
"I will not kill anyone," she said in a monotone. I released her. She glared at me before teleporting away. I got up and walked toward Casiar. He straightened and stepped from the room. I reached out and grabbed him by the arm, stopping him. He gave me a blank stare.
"I don't know if I should thank you or kick your ass."
Casiar smirked. "A thank you would be nice."
I snorted. "Thanks," I said grudgingly.
"Can you let me go now?" I shrugged and dropped my hand. He turned and walked away. Grumbling, I went down the hall and opened the last door on the left, stepping inside and closing it softly behind me.
"About time," Sven muttered under his breath. Liana turned her head to look at me. "Your eyes are red. That's not good." Chuckling, I moved to his bedside.
"You're hallucinating, my child." I sat down on the bed and peered closely at him.
"Huh, wishful thinking then."
"Mmm, wishful thinking indeed. How are you feeling?"
He shrugged. "I've been seeing a cat lately. It follows me."
I inclined my head. "Where?"
"Around," he said, sighing. "Feels like I'm in a drunken stupor," he muttered. Liana held out a blade, and I took it, grunting as I slashed my wrist open. Sven growled, and in a flash, he latched onto the bleeding wound. I set the blade on the side table and looked at Liana questioningly.
"A cat?" I asked.
"It always runs away every time we try to get a good look at it."
"Hmm," I said thoughtfully. "Let me know if it comes around again."
She nodded. "I will." Enough, Sven, I whispered into his mind. He groaned and pulled harder at my wrist. Liana shuddered. "It's creepy when you do that." I smiled. "That's creepier," she muttered.
"Sven," I said sharply. "Det rcker."
Liana reached out and rubbed the back of his neck. "Stop," she said gently. Sven growled and pulled back, licking close the wound. "I thought he was going to kick your ass," she said dryly.
"Tack," Sven grumbled, glaring at her.
I smirked. "You are quite welcome." I got up and looked at the two of them.
"I'm fine," he said reassuringly.
I nodded. "If you need anything, both of you, just call for me." I looked pointedly at Sven.
He raised his hands and leaned back slightly. "I will. You have my word."
I flashed to the door and glanced back at them one last time. "Be sure that you do," I said and stepped from the room. The door closed softly behind me, and I leaned on it, sighing. If I were human at this moment, I'd die of stress alone. Pressing my fingers to my temples, I silently groaned. Life fucking sucks. Growling, I stalked to Ari's room. I pushed open the door and entered the darkened room. "Alexander," I hissed. Alexander nodded. I went over to him and dropped heavily onto the bed. "How is she? Come around at all?"
He shook his head. "Not at all." I nodded, leaned over Ari and ran my fingers through her hair. The air pulsed around me and tingles ran down my arm and to my hand. Alexander sucked in a breath and rubbed a hand up and down his arm. I hissed and ripped into my wrist and pressed it to her mouth. Alexander leaned forward and forced her mouth open. The moment my blood went down her throat, she came awake with a gasp. She would've bolted up into a sitting position, but Alexander gently held her in place. "Drink," he said soothingly to her. She met my gaze, and I smiled at the relieved look in her eyes.
"I'm fine, sweetheart. Now listen to your sire and drink." She sank her fangs into my healed wrist and pulled hard. "One more mouthful," I warned. She took another pull at my wrist and nodded. I took my wrist away and licked it close. My other hand still on her head, I squeezed lightly. She focused on me. "Tell me," I said softly. "Did you feel my pain?"
"I did," she said, shuddering. I winced. "I didn't feel it for long though. Think I passed out almost right away."
"I'll admit. I'm glad you fell unconscious long before I did."
She nodded. "Me too."
"How are you feeling?"
"A great deal better." She shuddered. "I love your hand on me, but without the extra danger undertone." Alexander cleared his throat. I chuckled and pulled my hand away. She reached up and flattened her static-like hair. "How are you? Like really?"
I smirked. "Is that a hint of worry I detect?" I asked in amusement.
"Tristan," she groaned. "I'm being serious."
"So am I." She growled. I laughed and squeezed her hand. "For the last time, I am fine. As fine as I'll ever be." I looked at Alexander. "Are you staying with her?" He nodded. I got up from the bed and bent to give Ari a quick kiss on the forehead. "I'll be back." She nodded as I made my way to the door. Opening it, I stepped out and flashed down the stairs. "Allia," I growled. "I know you're here." I walked into the living room and glared at her direction. Allia dropped the darkness concealing her and glared back at me. "You love to remain invisible, don't you?"
"So do you," she hissed. "You're out of blood again," she growled.
"Really? Did you go through my whole stash?" She shrugged. "You did," I growled accusingly.
"I was hungry."
"Don't you have your own mini blood bank?"
"I wasn't about to leave you alone and helpless, dearest brother."
"Awww, I'm touched."
Her expression turned serious. "Are you going to look for Evelyn?"
I hissed and snarled. "Yes. I am."
"I want in. You know what she said to me when she sought me out?"
"I don't even fucking want to know. It will just make me want to kill her even more."
"She made me pick between letting her go and letting you suffer," she snarled. "Whatever the fuck you say, Tristan, I want in. I don't know what the fuck she's thinking of doing, but I won't let her kill herself." I stared at her, and smiled. "What?" she snapped.
"She is going to inject herself," I hissed. "With the one drug. Deadly to vampires."
"What?" Allia repeated softly.
"She wants to find out what will happen." I walked over to her. "After all," I whispered. "We are different from others."
"What? We're invincible now?" she asked dryly.
"Oh, we're not invincible I assure you. We're far, from it."


* * * * * *



Chapter Seventeen

KIRA

I stared out the window and sighed deeply. "He will be fine," Donnica said, for the hundredth time in fifteen minutes.
"I won't believe it until I see him," I muttered.
She sighed. "Did you try calling for him?" I shook my head. "Call him, and are you trying to blind yourself?" she asked as my eyes began to water from the intensity of the sun. I shrugged and let the heavy blackout curtain fall back in place.
"I need chocolate," I grumbled.
"You don't need chocolate," Donnica groaned.
"I do," I whined. "I'm going through major withdrawals here." I looked to the stairs and waved to Byron. "Byron, you got some chocolate?"
He frowned at me. "No, I don't." He came down the stairs and walked over to us. "Why so moody, Kira?"
"She doesn't know if her sire is okay or not," Donnica answered for me.
"Ah." I stiffened as a sigh sounded in my head. I blinked and found both Donnica and Byron staring at me.
"What?" I asked.
"You went on alert all of a sudden," said Donnica. Before I could reply, my world fell away from me. Cool hand caught my arm and held on. I turned my head and blinked at Sven.
"Sven?" I asked in confusion.
"Take a walk with me," he said and dropped his hand from my elbow.
"Okay? You're leaving me with no choice here."
He shrugged. "I'm not."
I glared at the sun and started walking in a quick pace. "How is Tristan?"
"Our sire is his normal irritating self."
"I take that as a good sign then."
"Me too."
"So, why did you teleport me to your side?"
"I can't hang out with my favorite sister?"
I snorted. "When do you ever hang out with anyone?"
"Hey," he said defensively.
"Do you even have any friends outside the circle?"
He sighed. "I do." I scoffed. "Have you heard of Shilen?"
I stopped at the sudden change of subject. My spine tingled at his closeness. "Who?"
"Liana's sire," he said with no emotion in his voice.
"What does that have to do with me?" I asked slowly, turning to face him. "Sven?" I prompted when he didn't answer me.
"She has her sight on you and Corinne."
"You know this? how?"
"Liana told me."
"Where is she?"
"Currently beating the shit out of a punching bag." He took my arm and pulled me into the shade of trees. "She killed her sire in 1742."
I went cold. "How is she still alive?" I hissed softly.
Sven's dark red eyes flashed to black in a heartbeat. "From what Casiar, Jailyn, and Riordan told me, it takes a necromancer to bring someone back."
"You sure it wasn't them?"
His eyes narrowed. "I'm sure."
I broke off a twig and twirled it over and over in my hand. "When did you find out about this?"
"An hour ago. And no, Tristan doesn't know. And no, I won't tell him, yet."
"Why not? You know he'll go ballistic if we don't tell him. Does Elijah know? Or Taylor? Or even Brynna for that matter?"
"Damn," he groaned, shuddering. "I don't even want to tell Brynna. She was there when Liana carried out the death warrant."
"Oh shit," I breathed.
"To be honest, I think I'm afraid of her more than our own sire sometimes. That bitch is psychotic beyond words." I smirked. "Trust me, Conoleki; you haven't seen her in full blown rage mode."
"Oh I believe you. I just don't want to get in her way that's all." I snapped the twig in half and poked one into Sven's chest. "So, what do we do?" He shrugged. "Are you going to hunt Shilen and bring Casiar or Riordan along for the ride?" I blinked up at him. "You don't have to tell the Council, I will."
"For a price," he grumbled.
"Yep," I said cheerfully.
"What's the price?"
"Chocolate of course." He groaned. I jabbed the twig harder into him. "Come on," I pleaded. His hand wrapped around my wrist and he leaned back slightly.
"What are you planning to do with those?" he asked and pulled the stick of wood from me, tossing it aside. He let go of my wrist, and I continue twirling the one in my other hand. I pushed at his arm and grumbled when my fingers pressed against something hard.
"You're armed," I said and unzipped his light jacket he was wearing.
"What are you doing?"
"I wanna see what you're carrying." His hand again closed around my wrist. I sighed.
"How about you not," he said quietly. His other hand flashed, and wind tickled my ear as something went past. There was a sound of steel hitting flesh, a wet gurgle, and the overpowering fresh scent of blood. I dropped the twig and turned. Rogue, I silently growled. "You so much twitch; I'll put one in your eye. Do we understand each other?" The rogue gurgled some more and nodded as much as the blade embedded in her throat would allow. Sven walked over to her and yanked the blade out. "What are you doing here?"
"Hunting," she hissed.
"You realized there's no human around, yes?"
"That's the point of hunting," she spat. "You walk around until you find someone."
"Yes," Sven said dryly. "You just happen to accidentally stumble along this direction, right?" He sighed and decapitated her in one swift move.
"Now here I thought you were going to torture her first," I said.
Sven got up and shrugged, sheathing his blade. "That's Brynna's style, not mine."
"So how about that chocolate?" I asked cheerfully.
He just gave me an annoyed look. "Seriously?"
"Dead serious."
"I can't wait to see the day where you can't stand the sight of chocolate."
"Never."
"I'm telling our sire on you."
I pouted up at him. "You wouldn't do such a thing."
He grunted. "Before I can get you any chocolate?" He pulled out his phone and speed dialed someone. "Hey Ari," Sven said, smirking. "So, is Tristan there?" He looked at me. I glared at him. "Tristan, no no, everything is fine? although, I did kill a rogue a minute or so ago." He glanced at the headless rogue. "I uh? haven't done that yet." A shudder rippled through him. "I'll get to it. No, no humans around." He smirked. "Okay, I will." I will what? I tuned in and listened in on the conversation.
"Now, what is it you are keeping from me?" Tristan growled.
Sven grimaced. "I'll? have Kira tell you about it."
"Tell me about what?"
"Don't you dare-" Everything went dark, and I did a header with the carpeted floor. "Sven! You mother! Fucker!"
"Need help?" Ari asked from nearby, amusement in her voice.
"No," I said, voice muffled by the carpet. "I'm going to kick him in the balls!"
"Ouch," she said, sounding a whole lot closer.
I pushed myself up and looked around. "Yeah," I said, sighing. I crossed the apartment and dropped onto the couch. Ari sat beside me, and my gaze went to Tristan leaning against the bathroom door, his hands in his pockets. I reached into my own and pulled out my iphone. After tapping the screen for what I wanted, I flipped the phone around so that he could see it. The screen simply said, 'Shilen'. Tristan stiffened, the apartment suddenly going from nice and relaxing to oh shit I'm fucked.
"What?" Ari asked and took the phone from my hand so fast that I had to blink several times. "Shilen?" she exclaimed, sitting up straighter. "I thought she was dead?"
"Apparently not," Tristan hissed.
"But how?"
"Necromancy," I muttered.
Ari blinked. "Oh. Shit?"
"Yeah," I said, shifting nervously. She handed the phone to me, and I stuffed it into my pocket, praying that I didn't pocket-dial anyone.
"Where is Liana?" Tristan asked tightly.
I looked at him and made air quotes with my hands. "Currently beating the shit out of a punching bag," I said, and leaned back on the couch.

LIANA

I fumed and give the punching bag another sidekick, sending it swinging wildly through the air. I jumped back, panting. "Having a nice work out there, my dear?" I growled, and before I could spin around, hands landed on my shoulders, and dug in. I winced from the pain. "Calm yourself," Tristan growled in my ear. I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Good," he drawled. "Because the more angry you become, the more tasty you smell." I knew that, but damn was it hard to let go of my anger. When I was breathing normal again or as normal as it will get, I sighed and nodded. Tristan slowly released me, and I turned to face him.
"You know," I said tonelessly.
"I do." He turned and gracefully moved to a corner at the other side of the sparring room. "Come, sit with me." I flashed across the room and stopped beside the only table. Tristan pulled out a chair and practically forced me into it. He went around and sat across from me and leaned back in a casual pose, but I knew better. If you didn't, well, you might as well kiss your vital fluid goodbye. I immediately went into alert mode, my senses flaring for any signs of aggression from him. He was definitely in one of his bipolar stages. "I'm bipolar now?" he asked with amusement. I inwardly groaned. He rubbed his temple and smirked. "So tell me, genius, do I have another disorder I don't know about?"
"You definitely have SPD," I muttered.
He inclined his head. "SPD?"
I smirked. "Split Personality Disorder."
"Ah," he said thoughtfully. He shrugged. "I'll give you that. Should I promote you to my personal psychologist? I promise that you will be paid greatly for your services."
I snorted. "Keep on dreaming."
Tristan dropped his hand and put an elbow on the table, leaning forward. "How long have you been in here?"
I glanced at my watch. "A little over an hour." He nodded. "And before I forget, Trynnadon is coming over at nightfall."
"Oh?"
"He's bringing Natalia to meet Alexander."
He nodded. "Speaking of him, where is he at the moment?"
I shrugged. "I think he's in the lounge."
"Mmm." He leaned back and dropped his hand from my sight. "When were you going to tell me about your sire?"
I stiffened and gritted my teeth. "Whenever I got myself under control." I shrugged. "And besides, I didn't want to give the Council another problem to deal with."
"So," he said slowly, thoughtfully. My skin tingled. "You were going to take on Shilen all by yourself?" I reluctantly nodded, praying he wasn't going to fly off the handle and throttle me, or kill me. Tristan took in a slow deep breath through his nose and let it out just as slowly. "You do realize you need a death warrant to take out your own sire, yes?" When I didn't answer, he sat up straighter. I tensed. "The Council didn't just give you that death warrant so it can look cool on a scroll," he said, his voice dropping into a dangerous tone. "This is not your ordinary, everyday rogue you're hunting and killing. This is your sire whose blood is by the way, still running through your veins. And it will remain so until you no longer exist on this earth, or you are re-sired by another. You ever wonder how you made it back?" he asked. I frowned at him. "After you killed her in 1742, you ever wonder how you got back to me."
"Brynna," I breathed.
"Yes, it was Brynna. It was her that carried your unconscious ass across the ocean."
"She followed me?"
"She did."
"Why did you set her on me?"
"She was there as a witness, and she was also there to make sure that you didn't do anything reckless." I nodded. "Now, how do you know that Shilen is alive?"
"I can feel her."
He nodded. "Has she spoken to you as of yet?"
"Yes, I didn't believe that she was alive until she controlled me." I stiffened as the air became hard to breathe in.
"Really?" he asked softly. Oh god, I thought as the danger-danger bell began ringing in my head. "What did she make you do?" I gulped. Tristan's eyes. Went cold. "What did she make you do, Liana?" he repeated, a growl low in his throat.
"She ordered me to drain someone," I whispered. I heard a sizzling and then a pop. I didn't even take my eyes from Tristan to see which poor unlucky light bulb got blown out.
"Did you?" he whispered.
I shook my head. "No, Sven got to me just in time to stop me." Kill him, a hiss sounded in my head. Oh shit, Shilen, I silently snarled. I demand that you kill him. Kill whoever you are talking to. Rip out the heart. Is that your mate? I mentally sighed. Good, she didn't slip in long enough to hear. I stiffened as I felt the brief buzz in my blood. Kill him, Shilen snarled in my head. I'll check back in? two minutes, she said and was gone. My hand shot out and smacked into an invisible barrier. I yelped and jerked my hand back, groaning. That didn't stop me from trying again; I got up from the table and went around. Tristan turned sideways in his chair and instead of smacking into an invisible wall, his own hand shot out and grip my wrist in a painful hold. "I'm so sorry the demand to kill me can't be met, sweetheart." I blinked at him stupidly. Tristan bared his fangs and yanked me to him.
"Biting me won't break it," I gasped.
"I know," he whispered in my ear, both of my hands in one of his. "But this will."
"What?" I asked, still gasping in pain. I struggled against him, and his arm tightened around me.
"Look at me."
"No." With one hand still gripping both my wrists, his other hand shot out and did an uppercut to my jaw, snapping my head back. My eyes met his just for a brief second, but it was too late as pain exploded in my head. "What are you doing?" I hissed and moaned. The pain was growing. Tristan let go of my wrists and pulled me into an embrace.
"This is what I call a synapses seizure."
"Stop it."
"I'm afraid I can't," he whispered. Did you-what the fuck? In my head, Shilen hissed. Your child is taking a little nap, the vampire holding me drawled into my mind. Who the fuck are you? Shilen gasped, and I hoped it was in pain. You don't recognize my voice, Shilen? You sound familiar, she hissed. Maybe next time you'll remember. For now, give your child a kiss and bid her goodnight. I will never-my brain was on the verge of exploding from my skull as everything finally, went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eighteen

EVELYN

I breathed in the cool night air and sighed. "Going somewhere, sister?" I spun around. Allia and I met each other halfway. She was fast and to the point. With a swift kick to my stomach followed by a body slam a split second after, she had me on the ground. "Not getting away this time," she hissed and snapped the power-strip handcuffs on me. I growled and snapped at her. She bared her own fangs. "Where's the drug?"
"Get the fuck off of me," I snarled.
"Tell me," Allia hissed. "Or I'll give you to Tristan." She pressed her weight down on me. "You see, little sister, I made sure that I got to you first instead of our brother."
"I don't have it," I hissed. "I injected the whole syringe into myself."
Allia went still on top of me. "You did what?" she whispered.
"You heard me. Now get off."
Allia slowly got off of me and just? stared down at me. "It didn't kill you."
"No, it didn't, but it hurts like a son of a fucking bitch."
She sighed. "Get up," she muttered. I glared at her and flashed to my feet. "Let's hope Tristan doesn't rip your spine out for this."
"He won't."
"Oh, I'm not sure about that, sister. You bit him, Eve. And we all damn well know that wasn't a bite, because you were hungry."
I winced. "It was the only way to make him let go of me."
Her eyes narrowed on me. "Was it?"
I sighed. "Look, it was the only thing that came to mind at that time, alright?"
"Are you ready to come back then?"
I shrugged. "Might as well."
She reached out and unlocked the handcuffs. They fell into her hand, and she shoved it into her pocket. "I'll meet you in the lounge," she said and disappeared. I looked up at the sky, took a deep breath, and teleported.
I almost cursed out loud when I saw Tristan. He stiffened, but remained where he was, standing beside a vending machine. I surveyed the room and nodded to Trynnadon. He inclined his head and looked between me and Tristan. He didn't miss the tension between us; neither did Alexander and Ari who were also in the room. "Natalia," I said and walked over to her. I ignored the cold prickle at the back of my neck and sat down on the couch beside the child vampire.
"Hi," Natalia said, taking out an orange crayon from the box on the table in front of her.
"What are you coloring?"
"Nemo."
"The whale has a name too?"
She blinked up at me. "You never saw the movie Nemo?" I shrugged. Ari laughed.
"What?" I asked defensively.
"Where have you been, Evelyn?" Ari asked and walked over to one of the many cabinets in the lounge. She opened it and pulled out a DVD. She closed it and set it on top of the TV.
"Is that Nemo?" Natalia asked excitedly.
"It is."
"Who brought a TV in here?" Trynnadon asked.
"Oh my god," I said. "Don't even dare answer that question." Natalia giggled. "Don't you dare little girl," I repeated as a name popped into her head.
"I wasn't going to say anything," Natalia said, still giggling. That giggle turned into a full-blown laugh when Kira entered the lounge.
"What?" Kira asked, glancing around. "What did I miss?" She stared at Natalia who was now gasping for air. Then she looked over at her sire who gave her an exasperated look. "What?" she exclaimed.
"Were you the one that set up the TV in here?" Ari finally asked, trying not to laugh but failing.
"Nope, wasn't me."
"It sure was," Tate called from the reception area. "It was her and Corinne."
"Tate," she hissed. "Shut up." She strode over and sat down beside Alexander and leaned across him toward Natalia. Tristan cleared his throat, and she flushed with embarrassment. She pulled back and looked at Alexander. "Er, sorry."
He chuckled. "Not a problem."
"I forget my manners sometimes. I'm uh, Kira."
"Alexander," he said and held out his hand. She took it and shook briefly.
"This vampire life gets way over my head once in a while."
"I understand." Ari made a choking sound, and 'he does not' flitted through her mind. I glanced at Natalia who finally stopped laughing and was now coloring in the whale.
"So like." Kira looked around the room. "Are we having a movie night?" Trynnadon glared at her. "What?"
"If you want a movie night, may I suggest you do it somewhere else?"
"Like the NSC headquarter?"
He groaned. "Somewhere else."
"Tate," Kira called out.
"Not happening," Tate called back before she could ask the question.
"You all suck!" she exclaimed. "No pun intended," she muttered under her breath. Across the lounge, Tristan rubbed his temples and stepped from the little shadow beside the vending machine. He met my eyes, and I got up from the couch before a word could escape him. It was now or never, I thought and followed him out of the lounge to the stairs leading up to the second floor.
We took the stairs up and met Allia at the top of the landing. "What happened to meeting me in the lounge?" I asked.
She shrugged. "There were too many people in there." She straightened and pushed the doors open and stepped through it. Tristan and I followed her down the multiple hallways, the sound of sparring, slamming of lockers, running water, and curses in the distance. On the fourth floor, we headed down the dimly lit hallway to Tristan's office. He opened it, and we stepped inside. I braced myself as Allia slowly closed the door behind her. The only light in the office was the blue glow of the computer monitor. Tristan turned to me. Knowing him as well as I did, I knew he was on the verge of losing it. His expression remained placid as he stared at me. I didn't break eye contact with him, and we stood in heavy silence for the longest of moments.
"Why did you do it?" he finally asked, his deep voice calm and controlled.
I sighed. "I wanted to see if it would affect us as well."
"And?"
"I'm still alive aren't I?" He snarled, and I dodged as he made a grab for me. He was a little quicker than I was, and I couldn't dodge him a second time as his hand closed around my arm. He yanked, unbalancing me. My world blurred, and I grunted as my back slammed into the door leading into the conference room. I grimaced as Tristan's fingers dug painfully into my shoulders.
"The point that I'm trying to make is that, it did affect you," he hissed.
"It didn't have much of an effect," I snapped.
"Much?" he snarled. "Much? Sister, it hurts you, and you call that not much of an effect? That sounds like a fucking major affect to me."
"Who else would have done it? Someone has to."
"I would have. Elijah would have. Hell, anyone of us would have." He released me and took a step back, sighing. "I just wished you'd talk to us before doing anything."
I reached out and touched his stiffed arm, muscles rippling under my fingers. "What would that have accomplished?" I asked softly. "We'd argue amongst ourselves, and what would that do?"
He growled in frustration. "And what if it had the same affect like it did to the others? What then? What would you have done then?"
"I'd port to one of you and have one of you drain me."
He shuddered. "I've done it once, and I wish not to ever do it again."
I dropped my hand from him. "Now you won't have to."
"Evelyn," he rasped, and I winced at the pain in his voice. "For fifteen years, we thought you were dead to us."
"I know," I whispered. "And I will always be sorry for that."
He glared at me, and I almost smirked. I definitely preferred that over his pain any day. "I will do anything to keep from losing you."
"And if it takes putting you in torpor for an hour, then that's what we'll do," Allia said from her position in front of the hallway door. She too was glaring at me.
"I'm sorry," I said and looked away.
Allia sighed. "Look, Evelyn, we just want to help you, even if helping means protecting you from yourself." Tristan reached out and pulled me into a brotherly embrace. I sighed and put my arms around him.
"I will not lose you again, sister."
I nuzzled his neck and inhaled his natural scent into me. "You won't, brother of mine." He pulled back and peered into my eyes. "You should hunt," I said.
"We should."
"We include me as well, right?" Allia asked and turned, opening the door.
I dropped my arms from Tristan. "You first."
He leaned in. "I'm still going to kick your ass for biting me," he growled in my ear.
"Let's save that for later, shall we?" Still growling, he turned and nodded to Allia.
Standing on the steps leading up to the parking lot, I inhaled the cool refreshing air. Since I've fed before Allia found me, I was only a little hungry. "Enjoying the night breeze?" Tristan drawled.
"I am. It's very nice."
"Indeed it is."
"I'm in a mood for?" Allia looked thoughtful and then shrugged. "Anybody up for rogues?"
I shrugged. "If there's any out at this time, sure."
"Oh, there are some. I found a few when I was looking for you."
I frowned at her. "And you let them live?"
"They weren't doing anything."
"Yet," I muttered.
She put up her hands. "Okay okay, let's go now then." Tristan grunted, and then everything went dark. When it lifted, we were standing between two abandon buildings. My nose twitched at the smell of rotten wood, mildew, and other indescribable shit I don't even want to know about. I kicked an empty can out of my way and walked to the end of the darkened, narrowed side street. I took in a deep breath and cloaked my aura. Tristan and Allia's were already cloaked so they headed farther down the street. "There's a college campus about a block away," Allia said, glancing at me. I nodded and flashed to her side. I looked at Tristan and inwardly groaned. He stopped as he felt my gaze on him.
"What?" he gritted out. Allia and I turned and went back, stopping in front of him.
"You won't be able to hold it together once we get to the campus," I said.
His upper lip peeled away from his fangs. "Are you offering?" he growled.
"No," I said slowly. "I'm not." His eyes narrowed dangerously, but he remained very still and silent. I glanced at Allia and shrugged.
"There are only a few night patrols walking around at this time of night," said Allia. "I think we'll be fine." She gestured for me to start walking. I sighed and continued down the sidewalk. "If not, I'll be happy to knock his grumpy ass out." Tristan growled and she smirked. The smell of rogues in the distance grew stronger. Tristan let out his breath in a hiss. I turned my head in time to see him disappearing into shadows within shadows. I kicked out and grunted as it met the solid-like substance matter of darkness. The asshole already knew I was going to try for him. I silently grumbled. I unsheathed one of my blades and briefly thought about pulling up my Council hood. A shake of Allia's head nixed that idea. "You're scary enough already," she muttered under her breath.
"Hey," I hissed. "You want scary? Look at our brother here." I looked around, but of course, I couldn't see him. "Somewhere."
Allia chuckled. "For all we know, he already has a rogue or two for himself." She gave me a little shove. "Let's move a little faster, shall we?" I picked up my walk, and pretty soon, we could see a group of four rogues just hanging about, hoping for some unlucky college students to come out of the dorm building on the east side of campus. "Only four?" Allia grumbled. "I think our beloved brother has the missing two."
I snorted. "If that were the case, we be scenting fresh blood like sharks. And we all know that darkness can't hide it."
"Point taken, little sister." We stopped a few yards away, and I shuddered as darkness brushed up against me. It felt like someone dropping an ice cube down my shirt.
"Hmm," Tristan said thoughtfully and drew back the darkness. "I don't think they'll recognize us," he grunted.
"The black haired one is mine," Allia said and flashed across the street. I glared after her.
"Go on," Tristan growled. "I won't be far behind." I sighed and flashed after Allia.
"Hey," one of the rogues growled. "We're not alone." You damn right you're not alone, I silently hissed. They all turned and peered into the shadows, fangs bared. Stupid fucking pricks, I mentally growled and grabbed the dirty blond haired one nearest me, silencing her before a sound escaped her. Simultaneously, Allia and Tristan grabbed their own rogue. They were quickly silenced and pulled into the darkness. I didn't bother with hiding myself and the rogue I held tightly against me. The speaker, the only one left standing spun about. He saw me and froze as I tapped the chest of the one I was holding with the flat side of my blade.
"Come any closer," I said sweetly. "And your girl finds herself missing a heart, comprender?"
"Let her go," he snarled.
"Oh, I will," I said. "Just after we have a little? chat. Now, everybody just relaxed a little."
"Where are my other friends?"
"Don't worry. I assure you that they're around. You just can't see them for the time being." I grunted as the rogue I was holding elbowed me in the stomach. There was a pained gasp behind me, and the fresh scent of blood thick in the air. "I recommend you not do that again, or my brother chops off another finger." I knew damn well that Tristan bit the rogue instead of chopping off fingers. I held back a laugh. "Do we understand each other?" They nodded jerkily. "Why are you hanging out here, a college campus out of all places?" I smirked. "Are you looking to score some hot guys and girls for the night?"
"It's none of your fucking business," he snarled.
"But it is my business." Let's get a move on here, sister, Allia growled in my head. I sighed and let my compulsion roll him. His expression went blank, and his eyes glazed over. I wrapped my hands around bitch rogue and squeezed until I felt bones snapping in her neck. She went limp in my arms and I dropped her. I stepped over her and walked over to the expressionless rogue. "Tell me," I said, using one of Tristan's favorite opening lines. "Why are you and your friends hanging around here?"
"We were hoping some of them would come out for a night stroll or something, and then take them back with us," he replied tonelessly.
"What were you going to do once you got them to your place, hmm?"
"We were going to fuck them and keep them for a little while. Once we got bored of them, we were going to drain them."
"That's what I thought," I said sweetly. "Do you know what happens to vampires who don't follow rules?" He opened his mouth to reply, but the lethal silver blade I held in my other hand stabbed through his opened mouth. "What was that? I didn't hear you." I yanked the blade out and decapitated him. "Now that's what I called justice in the making."


* * * * * *



Chapter Nineteen

ADALYN

I released the human and spun around. There was a blur of movement and a harsh suck in of air as Avery took the stake meant for me. I heard another whistle of incoming stake, but I was too busy holding up Avery and not falling myself. We both cried out as the stake slammed into my back. My world spun as we fell to the pavement. I couldn't stop the heavy brick coming at me as a shifter threw it at my head. Oh shit, I was going to die. You're not, Avery gasped in my mind just as the brick struck. Black dots swam in my vision, and Avery let out a pained snarl. His blood dripped into my parted mouth, but it was doing no good with the stake in me. Four shifters walked up to us, a shock look on all of their faces. "We have to kill him," one of them said and pulled out a sharp looking ass blade. No, no no no no no, I silently moaned, pain spearing every inch of my body. One of them shoved Avery off of me, careful not to hit the stake in his heart. No? no no no no. "Shit, she's still conscious." One of the shifters grabbed me and smashed me into the pavement. Avery's painful scream as my pain hit him was the last thing I heard before everything went dark.
Inside my head, I screamed as unbearable pain crushed me. I couldn't move, the stake driven through my heart a death sentence. I forced myself to see through the pain and looked around me. I was in a dark, dirty, cell-like room. The steel door looked penetrable, but the fucking stake was holding me paralyzed. Avery wasn't in the room with me. Where the fuck did those shifters take him? My stomach clenched painfully. They better not kill him. The cell door opened, and another shifter walked in. This one was female. I glared at her. She smelled familiar. "You're the cat bitch," I spat. A brief second of surprise cross her face, and was gone just as quickly. She shrugged.
"That bitch has a name," she said smugly. "Let's trade, I'm Shae, and you are??"
"Go fuck yourself," I snarled.
She sighed. "You know," she said thoughtfully and shrugged. "I made it my life's mission to eradicate your species," she said cheerfully. "You're an abomination on this earth."
"Like you?" I spat. She actually got the balls to look pouty.
"I don't walk around with blood staining my hands."
"Are you sure about that?" I hissed. "You probably eat babies for dinner." She hissed like a wild cat. Okay, she does eat babies after all.
She took in a deep breath. "Bring him in," she said to the four shifters standing behind her and moved aside. I almost cried out as they brought in Avery and lowered him to the floor, taking careful care not to displace that fucking stake buried in his chest. Without a word, they walked out of the cell. Shae slammed the cell door shut and peered at Avery. She frowned. "There's so many of you," she said sweetly. "I don't know which Tronis I've captured." She pulled out a blade and plunged it deep into Avery stomach and pulled it out. He groaned. She turned to me. I gasped in pain as she did the same to me. She looked between the two of us. She left the blade in my stomach and took out another one. She again stabbed Avery, this time in the throat, cutting off his grunts of pain. "You heal faster than normal vampires," she said to him. "Why the fuck is that?" she asked in awe.
"What the hell is your fucking problem?" I hissed.
She glanced at me. "I'm doing the world a favor," she said, cheerful as a bitch in heat. One of her hands shifted into a paw, and I cried out as she slashed him with her claws.
"Stop it!" I exclaimed.
She ignored me and drove her claws into his side. "Why are your eyes white?" she asked, knowing full well that he was unable to answer her. Smiling like this was the best day in her life; she raked her claws across his stomach. "Does fire hurt you?" she asked in wonder. "I know it does, but you're different." She sighed. "I have to kill you quickly though, if you were a normal vampire, I would take my time but?" She shrugged and grabbed a lit torch from the corner of the cell.
"No!" I screamed as she hit him. His clothes quickly caught on fire. I continued to scream as his skin reddened.
"Damn, too bad I can't rip out his heart," she said, pouting. She opened the cell door and stuck her head out. She said something, but I didn't hear what was being said, the rushing of blood was loud in my ears, blocking out any outside sound. My screams turned into shrieks as a sword appeared in her hands.
"Shut the fuck up, bitch!" she shouted and yank out the blade, only to stab me in the neck, cutting off my shrieks. She snorted. "Much better." While I choke on my own blood, I watched as she calmly walked the short distance to Avery and pulled out the blade from his neck. He sucked in air. She brought the sword down on his neck, and he laughed, a cold, chilling laugh as the sword bit into skin. In my head, I was screaming. Tears finally flowed, and all I could see was red. "Hmm, this is funny to you," she said, amusement in her voice. Avery stopped laughing and smiled, agonizing pain in his white eyes. Shae once again shrugged, and pain gripped me as she pressed down on the sword. My whole body convulsed, tightening until it abruptly snapped like a rubber band pulled taut. "Let's go," she said, throwing the sword to another shifter. She glanced back at me. Smirking, she shifted into a white cat and streaked from the cell. No, I mentally shrieked, as fire slowly licked up one side of the wall.

CASIAR

"No!" I roared into the night sky. Pain held me in place as my head spun. "No! No! No! Fucking! No!" I couldn't form any other word, but no. Cold sweat covered me as I lie there, staring up into the starless sky. My eyes burned as grief swamp me. Not just my own, but that of my siblings as well. I almost couldn't bare it. A cold chill washed over me, and I knew a spirit was floating not yards away from me. Taking a deep shuddering breath, I pushed from the ground and onto my feet. Taking in another shuddering breath, I turned. "Tell me I'm hallucinating," I rasped out. "Tell me."
"I'm sorry," Avery said and floated closer to me. "You're not." I swallowed, hard. "But I need your help, Adalyn is still there, and she can't move."
I hissed in pain, clutching my head as Tristan, Riordan, and everyone else pushed into my mind. I let them and straightened. "What do you mean she can't move?" I asked.
"She's staked." I stiffened. "That's how they were able to kill me." I felt the powerful ripple of air, and one by one, my siblings and Jailyn appeared around me. "You have to hurry. There's a fire."
"Shit!" Jailyn exclaimed.
"Fuck!" Riordan snarled.
"Lead the way," I said, and closed my eyes.

ADALYN

I don't know how long I was there, watching the flames. I couldn't even get myself to look at Avery's decapitated body. "Oh my god," Jailyn gasped. My eyes went to her as my tears kept coming, unrelenting. "Oh my god," she repeated. Her agonizing moan made it worse as more of my tears fell. This is all just a dream. I'm going to wake up, and this will all be just a dream. But, it wasn't a dream; it was a reality, a fucking nightmare. Jailyn was suddenly standing over me, and I looked into her unblinking eyes, silently begging her to kill me. She winced and clutched her head. "No," she whispered. "I won't kill you." Why? I mentally shouted. She glared at me. "Because that is not what Avery want." Under me, the earth violently shook. She reached down and carefully took me into her arms. "Casiar," she said softly. She turned my head until my face was buried in her hair. "Take him," she whispered. Bring him back, I silently moaned. Jailyn went very still. She wasn't even breathing. "I?"
"Get her out," Casiar said quietly. She nodded and teleported. I felt the cool wind against my skin, but everything else was muffled to me. I was seeing things and hearing things from ways away. The building collapsing on itself even sounded far away to my ears. Jailyn turned my head from her neck as someone came to stand in front of me. I blinked to clear my vision. Taylor put a hand on my shoulder, the other one on the hilt of the blade. Without saying a word, she yanked it from my neck. Blood went everywhere. I gasped and choked, spewing even more blood. Someone put a hand on my back. Jailyn nodded and once again teleported, appearing in the Council's infirmary. She gently put me on the table, face up. I heard the soft click of the door closing, and then Casiar was standing over me.
"Can you bring him back?" I asked.
Casiar put a hand on my shoulder and took in a deep breath. "He doesn't want to be brought back," he said quietly. My chest felt tight and more tears fell. At this rate, I was going to run out of tears to shed. "I'm so sorry."
"Not your fault," I choked out.
"We need to get the stake out. Are you ready?"
"Yes, but I don't want blood. Not now."
"As you wish." Without another word, he gripped the stake and pulled. I screamed as my body arched off the table. Jailyn pushed me back onto the table and held me immobile as he gave a final yank. It came free with a loud, wet sound. More blood flew, and I went limp, my stomach screaming for replenishment.
An hour later, I was still either crying or begging Jailyn to kill me. In the central area of the compound, three hundred and fifty feet below the Council building, I sat in a chair, staring into empty space. "Kill me," I begged. "Just kill me." I felt the stirring of the air, and through my blurry vision, every member of the Tronis appeared around me, creating a circle I couldn't escape. One by one, the remaining four members of the Council pulled down their hoods, but my eyes were for Tristan and him only. The anguish, heart wrenching pain, a look I never want to see on him, only made me cry harder. "Please," I begged. "Just kill me." Tristan slowly shook his head. I moaned. He stepped closer and pulled me into his arms. I began to sob. Fuck my god damn life. In my peripheral vision, I realized that Jailyn, Riordan, and Casiar were the only ones not looking directly at me. I clutched at Tristan and just let it all out. After a moment, I wiped angrily at my tears, but they just kept on falling. Evelyn put a gentle hand on my shoulder, and I looked up at her.
"Please," she said softly. "Feed, you need to feed." I shook my head, ignoring my stomach demand for blood. "Do it for Avery."
I looked away. "He's not here anymore," I whispered shakily, not bothering to stop another stream of tears from falling.
"Actually," Jailyn said quietly, her hypnotic voice penetrating my grief-stricken haze of a mind. She put out a hand and cupped my chin, forcing me to look up and into her unblinking eyes. "He is here," she whispered.
I jerked as if bitch-slapped. "Don't do that to me!" I cried out. "Don't-" Hands shot out and held me in my chair. I cursed, I wailed, I punched, I kicked, but the hands on me were unyielding. Riordan's fingers dug into my jaw and forced my gaze to his own unblinking one. "No," I moaned as he began to pull me in.
"Let me show you what I see," he said gently.
"No." The feeling of falling abruptly stopped. Riordan frowned past me.
"As you wish."
"What?" I asked, because he sure wasn't as hell talking to me. Riordan winced and dropped his hand from me.
"Release her," said Jailyn. Tristan, Evelyn, and Elijah pulled back and nodded. I hunched into myself and glared at the floor. Tristan rested his hand on my bowed head.
"Look up and to your right, sweetheart," he said quietly. I slowly lifted my head and turned to the right. I froze, because outside the circle of vampires, was Avery. I was too shock to start crying again. He was incorporeal, but it was still him none the less.
"Why hasn't he moved on?" I asked, my throat closing up. I looked to Casiar. "You said he doesn't want to be brought back, why is he still here?" Tristan gave Casiar a questioning look. Casiar nodded. Then Tristan gestured to Avery. I watched as my mate floated closer and through Cailin and back out.
"Jesus fucking Christ," she hissed and shuddered. Then Avery was hovering directly in front of me.
"Adalyn," Casiar said softly. With an effort, I jerked my eyes from Avery to him. "Open your mind to me." He put up a hand before I could say or do anything. "Not so that I can invade your privacy I assure you. I only wish for you to hear Avery is all." My eyes went back to Avery who was staring back at me. After a long moment of staring, I nodded and slowly let my shield drop, allowing anyone easy access to my thoughts. Every single vampire in the room moaned in pain. Oops, I thought and grimaced, trying to put my shield back in place. But before I could even bring it up, I winced as Casiar slipped in and hung on, tight. Ask Tristan about the year 1612, Avery said, and I almost began sobbing like a freaking baby again. At this, and hearing everything I was hearing, Tristan stepped closer. Avery blinked. I didn't even breathe. I'm sorry, Tristan. Tristan jerked and turned his head away.
"For?" Tristan rasped. That it has come to this. Tristan breathed deeply, in and out. You remember what I ask of you? "Yes," he said hoarsely. I need your help, brother. You promised. "I did." What were they talking about? I thought. Tristan met Avery's eyes and nodded. I tried to get my throat to work, to form words, but it was useless.
"Oh," Riordan gasped. "Oh hell fucking? Oh hell." He looked like he wanted to faint on the spot. Riordan, Avery said quietly. There's a war coming.
"I hate it when my vision is right," Evelyn moaned. Tristan looked like he was in tremendous pain. Actually, Avery said. The war has already started. The room went very, very still. All emotions fled from Tristan's face. Avery smiled cruelly. Riordan still looked like he was going to drop.
"But do you realize the price of this? Or am I the only one that gets it?" Evelyn's eyes widened. She flashed to Tristan.
"Take it back!" she screeched. "Or you will be even more insane than you already are! Tristan," she practically pleaded. "Don't do the power transfer with him, please, please-please-please, I beg of you not to do it."
"Evelyn," Tristan rasped softly. "I'm the only one who can take it."
"No," she moaned. "I have more self-control than all of you. Let me take it."
He put a hand to her cheek. "No."
"Why?"
"Because it will break you."
"But-"
He put a finger to her lips. "I won't have you going insane." He looked at the gathered vampires. "I won't let any of you. Elijah, Allia, you know what I speak of." They both nodded silently. "Riordan, Casiar, you both seen it, felt it."
"But you may actually kill someone innocent this time," Evelyn said shakily and put her own hand on his.
"But I trust you all will do what is needed to stop me." All of the faces hardened, and nodded.
"Time to lock myself in the forging room," Elijah muttered.
Tristan smiled. "I'm afraid so, brother." He looked at the three necromancers. "Tell me I don't have to be locked up."
"Sorry," Jailyn said sweetly. "No can do. Besides, you're probably going to be locked up and watched over for twenty-four seven the rest of your existence after this transfer."
"I will not let that happened," Elijah growled.
"Let's get this over with, then," Tristan rasped and cleared his throat. Riordan straightened and nodded. Adalyn, Avery said, close to my ear. I jerked.
"Avery," I breathed. "Will you be okay?" I will be, if you promise me one thing. "What's that?" I looked into his eyes.
"Bash my head into a brick wall every five seconds," Tristan muttered. Yes, that's exactly what I want her to do, Avery drawled. He floated closer to me. You'll protect Tristan? He asked me. I gaped at him.
"What?" I squeaked. "He's ten times stronger and faster than me." Avery smirked. Not unless you have the strength and speed of a Tronis. My vision blurred. No more crying, he said gently. "But you won't be here with me." I will always, be with you. Forever and always, remember? I nodded. He smiled. Promise you'll protect Tristan? From others and from himself? I nodded. "I promise. And if I can't, I'll die trying." Without any warning, he slammed into my body, and I screamed. Just as abruptly as he slammed into me, he pulled out, leaving me gasping in air. I love you, sweetheart, he whispered into my mind. Tears again flowed freely. I realized I was on the floor as he hovered over me. I love you too, I silently whispered. He smiled before floating to Tristan.
"Oh fucking god, this is going to hurt," Tristan gasped, and then screamed. Loud. I reached up and hit Jailyn. She looked down at me.
"Take me with," I gasped. She bent and scooped me into her arms, and then everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty

Tristan bloodcurdling screams made my ears throb. I leaned against one wall and watched helplessly as he writhed in pain. We were underground, this time three hundred and fifty feet under his residential home. Everyone stood back, tensed, ready to jump on him at any moment. I gasped as his eyes went white. I took a step forward and winced as he let out another bloodcurdling scream. Elijah reached out and stopped me before I took another step. We all froze and watched as another set of fangs shot from his lower jaw. Blood filled his mouth and went down his throat as he swallowed. "Holy shit," I breathed. "Holy fucking shit." Tristan let out a long groan and then went limp, panting and covered in sweat. For the longest time, nobody made a move. "Tristan?" Evelyn said softly. Tristan abruptly stopped panting. He stopped breathing all together. Evelyn blinked and looked at Allia. "Did I say something wrong?"
"Uh," I squeaked.
"Someone go rob a blood bank," said Riordan. "And do it fast." Rebecka and Cailin were gone before he even finished talking.
"Turn off the lights," Tristan said slowly, calmly. I gulped. "Now." Taylor, the closest to the door, flipped the light switch. Tristan let out a relieved sigh and slowly sat up.
"Are you alright?" Evelyn asked, taking a step toward him. He didn't answer, and by god did that just scared the shit out of me. Tristan slowly got up and turned to us fully. He took in a slow raspy breath and backed away from us. "Tristan?" He bared his fangs and snarled. I yelped and stumbled backward as his energy hit me. Holy fucking hell, I silently gasped. I rubbed my stinging arm and winced. "What's wrong? Let me in." All the way at the other side of the huge underground room, he turned, muscles locking in place. "Please, tell me what's wrong."
"I think he's hungry," I said shakily and flashed across the room before Elijah could stop me. My stomach dropped, and I almost flashed back to him. Stopping behind Tristan, I swallowed hard. "You are hungry, right?" I whispered. I held my breath as he slowly turned to face me. I almost let out a squeak as his white eyes, ringed with red met mine.
"I am," he growled, low in his throat. His energy, stronger than ever, wrapped around me. I forced myself not to panic. "Are you offering?" he asked tightly.
"I am."
He swallowed, hard. "I don't think that's a wise choice," he gasped and groaned. I put a hand on his arm, and he flinched as if I shocked him. He sucked in a breath and growled. I yelped as he pulled me to him. "Stop me," he said in a guttural tone. His fangs stabbed into my neck, a split second later. Pain slammed into me, and I could've sworn I saw Avery hovering beside us before my world, went black.

TRISTAN

God fucking shit, did everything hurt. I groaned and rested my forehead against the cool surface of my bathroom mirror, breathing deeply in and out like it would help. After kicking everyone out, I rated my restock refrigerator. That donation from Adalyn wasn't nearly enough. Adalyn, I thought, and I again groaned. Avery's last words to me rang in my head. Please, protect her, from others, from yourself. It was a promise I was damn sure going to keep, even if it killed me in the process. I cursed and straightened, glaring at my reflection. Sighing, I opened the bathroom door and walked out. I winced in pain as I stepped into the dimly lit living room. Ari looked up from her laptop and reached over, flicking off the lamp. "You didn't need to do that," I rasped. I shoved her over and dropped onto the couch beside her.
"The light hurts you," she said and peered closely at me. "Your eyes are still white ringed with red. Will it stay that way?"
"No, the red is gone when I lose it." It was the day after the power transfer, and I was still getting use to the fact that light, fucking light hurts me, and let's not even go there with the sun. That giant ass ball of flame was almost unbearable. "Did you find anything?"
She shook her head. "Not yet." I leaned forward and turned the laptop toward me, ignoring the sting of needles that suddenly stabbed at me as the glow of the laptop hit me. I sighed and put a finger on the mouse pad just as the doorbell rang, shooting pain into my eardrums. I growled. Ari put a hand on me. "I'll get it."
"If it's the FedEx delivery guy, invite him inside, won't you?"
She laughed as she rose. "Of course I will." I glared at the screen of useless information and gritted my teeth, rage rising in me. Shit, I silently snarled, and leaned back before I did any damage to Ari's thousand-dollar laptop. "Anything?" she asked, reentering the living room, Kira and Corinne following behind her. I suppress the urge to strangle them both.
"You look like you're going to choke the ever-living shit out of someone," Kira said, the cheerfulness that was always there in her voice was now tinged with a hint of sadness. My own grief took over the feeling of rage, and I mentally moaned. "I?" She took in a deep breath. "I prefer the killing expression on you."
"You just killed it," I muttered.
She walked over to me, and I pulled her into my arms. "I'm sorry," she whispered. I nuzzled her neck and barely stopped myself from biting her. Fucking shit, she now smelled a hundred times more appetizing. I groaned as my mouth watered. She elbowed me, and I winced.
"You guys need a song," Corinne finally said.
"She's a good singer," Kira whispered to me.
"I heard that," Corinne grumbled.
I lifted my head from Kira's oh so very tempting jugular and smiled a little as Corinne came out of the hall, a guitar in hand. "This is a real performance this time?" I growled and groaned as both sets of fangs shot from my upper and lower jaw, extending to their full length. Damn it, was so hoping to keep them sheathed for a little longer. I swallowed the saliva building in my mouth and cursed. "So, Taupher," I said slowly. "What is it you'll be playing for us?"
"It's called Change My Needs by Scars On 45."
"That sounds? very ominous."
"It's not."
"Well," Ari said, sitting down beside me. "You have an audience." Kira slipped off my lap and settled in on my other side as Corinne began to play. As her sweet, sweet voice reached my ears, I let everything just for once, relax in me. And for the next few minutes, I forced myself to forget the hunger, forget the pain, the grief, and just let the music soothe me. When it was over, I was completely somewhere else altogether. Damn, I thought. I should start playing again. "Play us one more," Ari said softly.
"I'll be happy to," Corinne said cheerfully. "Someone poke Tristan. Is he listening?"
I snapped back to reality and sighed. "I am listening."
"Did you like it?"
"I like it. It was very nice." I looked between Ari and Kira. "Don't you agree?" They both sighed and nodded. "I agree with Ari. Play us one more before I have to go kill someone."
Corinne laughed and nodded. "This is by the same artist. It's called Warning Sign." And for four more minutes, I was again, somewhere else in my mind, a reality I wish I could stay forever in. But that wasn't the case as the song came to an end. I got up from the couch and went over to her. She plucked nervously at the high E string. I ruffled her hair and smirked.
"Thank you, sweetheart," I said. "I needed that."
She smiled. "We all did."
"Daylight is approaching, and I have things that need to be done," I said. She stood up and gave me a hug. I put my arms around her, the guitar between us.
"I love you, sire," she whispered, low enough for only me to hear. I cleared my throat and swallowed. "Please, be careful." I felt Ari and Kira coming up behind me. I patted Corinne's back and nodded.
"I love you too, and I will." She nodded. I pulled away and headed down the hall to my office, Ari following me. At the door, I turned to her, my hand on the doorknob.
"Will you be okay?" she asked. "Are you??"
"I'm going to make a few phone calls," I said and tried not to drool at the smell of her blood. God, I was royally fucked, fucked hard and good. And not in the good sense either. I sighed. "Tell Kira and Corinne that they can stay as long as they like."
"I'll do that."
"And, let me know if the curtains are going to be pulled open?" She smirked. I scowled at her.
"Don't worry," she said laughing. "I'll make sure that I let you know." I grunted and pulled her to me. I kissed her, shutting her up. She sighed as I slipped my tongue inside. Her own tongue carefully slipped into mine and cautiously explored it. I held back a chuckle. After a few seconds, the kiss grew more heated. I growled, forcing down the urge to bite her and uh? do other things that was inappropriate. I groaned and held her tighter to me. She moaned and somehow got her hand in my pants. I gasped and broke the kiss as her hand closed around my straining erection. Breathing harshly and head spinning with hunger for blood and for her; I grabbed her arm and pulled that damn hand out. "You're no fun," she huffed.
"Not now," I snarled.
She sighed and looked down. She whistled. "That looks painful." I groaned and grabbed her shoulders, spinning her around and giving her a shove.
"Go and grab me blood, would you?" I rasped. She gave my hand a squeeze before blurring down the hall and out of my view. Cursing viciously and having a massive hard-on, I turned and open the office door, stepping inside and closing it. I strode over to my desk and stared at the phone on it. There was a soft knock at the door before it opened and Donnica entered. What the fuck was she doing here? I slowly turned and narrowed my eyes on her.
"Long time no see, partner," she said and held out a blood bag to me. I reached out and took it from her. "So, Alyssa's been asking me about the hunter thing." I quickly bit into the bag, preventing myself from going for her throat, because damn, everybody smelled delicious, even my own fucking family. Yep, I was absolutely and forever fucked. It did do some wonder as the sexual lust subsided. I quickly drained the bag and dropped it into the trash under the desk.
"Couldn't you apply for it normally like any other vampire?" I growled, irritated and annoyed.
"Yeah, but the difference is that I know you."
I smirked. "And?"
"That means I don't have to go through paperwork."
"Are you sure about that?" She frowned. "Call the Council office or stop by, whichever one you prefer."
"You suck," she muttered under her breath. "Okay then," she said. "I'll stop by with her later."
"Sounds like a great idea to me."
She nodded. "I'll see you soon, partner." I nodded as she closed the door.
"Donnica," I growled.
Her head popped back in, and she blinked at me in surprise. "Yes?"
"You do realize that Alyssa is a little young for a hunter?"
"Oh, shit."
I smiled tightly. "If she can kick Sven's ass, I'll make an exception."
"I ah? will let her know that," she said, letting the door close behind her.
"You do that, protector."
I turned back to my desk and glared at the computer. I hit a key to get rid of the screensaver. Who the fuck is Shae? A rogue shifter? Or a bitch in heat as Adalyn likes to call her. I growled. It was time to get some answers. No one kills a Tronis and gets away with it, no one. I walked over to a filing cabinet and unlocked the first drawer, yanking it open. Seven hundred fifty years of truce was broken. It was actually fucking broken. I still couldn't wrap my god damn mind around it. I flipped through my calling cards and plucked one out, slamming the drawer shut. "Tavia Kylric," I growled and stalked back to my desk. Pulling out a chair, I dropped heavily into it. Taking in a slow deep breath, I picked up the secure line and dialed the number on the card. I winced and lowered the volume on the phone. After seventeen rings and yes, I was counting, someone finally picked up the other end.
"Hello?" a female voice answered.
"May I please speak to Tavia Kylric?" I asked politely.
"May I ask who is calling?"
"No you may not."
"Then I can't have her come to the phone."
"Oh? Why is that?" I asked tightly.
"She does not take calls from strangers," the female said calmly.
"Then put her on, I'm definitely not, a stranger," I said, a growl rising from my throat.
"But I don't know you."
"What are you? Her personal assistant?"
"No, but I'm her secretary."
I pushed from my chair and paced. "Then your job is to tell her that she got a call."
The other person sighed. "One minute," she said and put the phone down. I paced around the office, silently cursing; ignoring the tiny sting of pain every time I went passed the computer. "She wants to know who is calling."
I stopped pacing and took in a deep calming breath. "Tell her to stop tonguing herself for a second and talk to me," I growled.
"She is asking me to ask who you are, and I myself, don't know you."
I snarled into the phone. "Put. Her. On. Or I will go there and slaughter all that you hold dear." The other person on the other line gasped, and I winced as the phone slammed onto something solid. Seething, I dropped back into my chair and forced myself not to punch a hole through my computer monitor. I don't know how long I've waited, but the phone was finally picked up and a hiss greeted my ear.
"Who the fuck are you?"
"Hello Tavia," I said in a calm tone.
"Vampire," she hissed. "And not just any vampire either. Fuck you, Tristan!"
"Is that a polite way to greet a long-time old friend?"
"Oh I love to claw your eyes out," Tavia hissed.
"Oh I know you do," I said slowly.
"What the fuck do you want?"
"I need to see you." I didn't miss the hitch in her breathing. I smiled coldly.
"What for?"
"I will tell you when I see you. I'll even bring some catnip along."
"You fucking asshole," she snarled.
"Is that a yes?"
"My time and my place of choosing," she growled. "You won't step onto my territory, and I won't yours. Deal?"
I thought for a moment and shrugged. "Deal," I growled. "Where?"
"Minnesota." She gasped as I reached out and slammed into her mind, giving her no warning, and no time to put up shields.
"I will be there," I said and plucked the location from her before hanging up. Preparing myself for tremendous pain, I teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-one

I gasped, doubling over in pain. "Jesus. Fucking. Christ," I rasped, sucking in huge amount of air. I painfully straightened and pulled out my sunglasses, slipping them on. I stood under the blazing hot sun of Minnesota and silently groaned. The weather was cold, but my skin felt like it was blistering the moment I teleported into the sun, sharp needles of pain erupting all over. Breathing deeply and grimacing, I walked down the narrow pathway and stopped at the edge of a small forest. I inhaled deeply and smiled as I caught the strong scent of cat, heavy and thick in the air. "Come on out," I growled into the silence. One by one, cats of all sizes slowly came out of the forest. There were three of them, and my burning eyes locked on the one with green eyes. She growled and launched herself at me. My hand shot out and caught her around the neck. I squeezed, and she flailed about in midair. "I'm very hungry," I hissed at her two companions. "One of you so much as take a kitty step my way, I'll bleed her." They froze and reluctantly backed down. "Good." My ears throbbed at the mental curses they were throwing at me. I pulled the cat I was still holding to me and locked her small struggling form against my chest. She hissed. "It is nice to meet you, Tracy. Are you going to be difficult this time around as well? I almost reached through the phone and strangle you." Tracy stiffened. You! She screeched. You promise, she screamed and tried to claw me. "I did, and I tend to keep that promise." What do you want? "I want you to let Tavia know that her visitor is here to see her." Fuck you, vampire, she hissed. "Are you going to tell her? Or do I have to make someone bleed in her stead?" I'll do it, she hissed. "Good," I said, and dropped her. She hit the ground and yowled in pain. "Tell her I'll be at the clearing. She'll know where." I smiled tightly at them before teleporting.
I squinted behind my sunglasses. Retracting my fangs, I stalked to the center of the clearing. I didn't have to wait long. A sleek black kitten slink from the trees, tail's twitching in agitation. Well, that makes the two of us, I silently growled. You look uncomfortable, vampire, Tavia hissed in my head, her gold eyes gleaming. Your skin is bright red. I thought the sun doesn't hurt vampires. Was I mistaken? I ignored the question and inclined my head and smirked. "Change," I growled. She hissed and swiped at the air with her sharp claws. I prefer to remain as I am, thank you very much. Mister domineering prick! I smiled. Wipe that smile off your face before I do it for you, she hissed. I chuckled. "Have it your way then." She flopped onto her belly and started licking her paws. "Is that necessary?" I asked in annoyance. She stopped licking and looked up at me. Why, you don't like it? I glared down at the cat. You like it when I do it to you, she said in amusement. I sighed. Come on, she said sweetly. Admit it. "I am going to wring your little furry neck," I said through gritted teeth. Awww, that's sweet coming from you. "Tavia," I growled in a warning. She sighed, and the air stirred as her body rippled, fur becoming smooth skin as she shifted to human form. Tavia, five foot seven, tan skin, long black hair, golden eyes, and very much naked, gracefully got to her feet and glared at me. She crossed her arms, blocking my view of her breasts.
"Your mate won't like that," she said, smirking. "You do have yourself a mate, don't you? I heard a rumor that you, stubborn, irritating, annoying, arrogant ass finally mated with someone. Is that true?"
I sighed. "It is."
"Well, congratulation." I grunted. "What did you want to see me about?"
"Do you know of any rogue shifter running about?" I asked.
She glared at me. "If I did, I wouldn't tell you, would I?"
"You tell me," I growled.
"Look, I don't ask about your rogues so you shouldn't ask about mine. Besides, there are a lot of them running around."
I smiled coldly. "But there is only one," I hissed softly. "That I am very, very interested in."
"Well, you're out of luck, because I don't know of any that would catch vampire attention, let alone your attention." Her eyes widened, and she took a step back as my energy trickled out around her.
"Who is Shae, Tavia?"
She blinked. "Shae?"
"Yes," I growled and stepped closer to her. "Who is she, Tavia?"
"I?"
"You?"
"No one has heard from her in years."
"But yet, she surfaces," I said softly. "In my territory," I continued, enouncing each word. "Are you going to tell me about her?"
"Tell me why you want to know about her?"
My thin control on my anger finally snapped. I snarled, and in the blink of an eye, my hand was in her chest. Tavia gasped as my fingers closed around her heart. The air rippled, and I smiled. "Do you realized how much I would greatly like to kill you right here, right now? And if you shift, this heart will be torn from your chest." She froze as my words penetrated her panic induced fog of a mind. Air wheezed from her lungs and the muscles beneath her skin stopped rippling. I stared into that frightened golden eyes, and waited.
"What are you?" she gasped. "What did you turn into? I can feel that you have changed. You're a vampire, but you're something more."
I smirked. "That's the same question I'm asking myself." My two sets of fangs extended to their full length, the shifter's blood was way too tempting. My fangs felt like it was pulsing, keeping in time with the pounding of my own heart. "Don't do that," I growled as all color drained from her face and her fear spiked.
"Let me go," she cried out. "I need to shift. I can't help it." The red in my vision deepened, and the sound of rushing blood grew louder in my ears, to the point of pain. "Tristan," she shrieked. "You don't want to kill me. Get your hand out of my chest so I can shift." With every ounce of my will, I slowly withdrew my hand from her chest. Relief flashed across Tavia's face a split second before she turned into a small black cat. She darted into the trees and let out a pained, sad yowl. I didn't even dare let myself move an inch from where I still stood, eyes locked on the blood. Don't come after me, Tavia's sad voice floated through my mind. I will be back. Breathing harshly and feeling like someone trying to flay me alive but failing, I forced myself to walk into the shade of trees, though it didn't do much better in relieving me from the pain of the sun. I put a hand into my pocket, hoping to find something to wipe off the blood with. When I found nothing, I let out a pained groan. I was so not going to lick the blood off my hand no matter how insistent my hunger demanded that I do so. I tilted my head back and stared up at the branches overhead, my eyes still watering behind my sunglasses. Brother. I groaned. Casiar's voice in my head was like taking a drill to my skull. Forgive me, but I feel your pain. Get your ass inside. I glanced around the wooded area and shrugged. Nothing here but trees, I mentally drawled. He sighed. You know damn well what I mean. I sighed. Get out, I snarled. Casiar growled something unintelligible and slipped out. My nose twitched, and then flared as I caught the scent of the shifter in the air. She was in human form and not naked. I turned, and she slowly approached me, a backpack slung over her shoulder. She stopped ten feet away and eyed me wearily. I gripped the thick branch behind me to keep from launching myself at her, and a growl rose from my throat. I squeezed my eyes shut. "The sun hurts you," she said simply. "Before the sun was just uncomfortable, but now it hurts you." I gripped the branch tighter as she got closer. Fucking hell, I couldn't even tell her to keep away, mentally or out loud. Were shifters considered innocent until proven guilty? My jaw clenched painfully. If she was a rogue shifter, I still couldn't kill her. "What happened to you, Tristan?" Oh god from above. Please kill me right now. If I open my mouth to answer her, it would be the last thing I do a split second before my fangs landed on artery. My nostrils flared as more shifters surrounded me. The branch I was holding for dear life creaked in my hand. Eyes still squeezed tightly shut, I flashed deeper into the trees. The pings of arrow striking bark were like a thunder clap to my overly sensitive hearing. "Hold your fire!" Tavia shouted. I moaned and snapped my eyes open. Seeing two huge ass trees forming a somewhat shelter, I flashed to it and slipped between them. I will not kill anyone? I will not kill anyone? It was currently my fucking mantra of the fucking day. "The next person to get the slip of the hand will be his lunch," she said, this time softer, but it was like standing beside her instead of five hundred feet or so away. My nose twitched as something other than blood pumping through bodies finally caught my attention. Poison, I silently thought. Well, I hope for their sake, it was enough to take me down with. I heard the snapping of twigs, and the crunching of dead leaves as Tavia once again approached me.
"Tavia!" one of the shifters yelled. I almost, almost teleported to him and sank my fangs deep into his windpipe just to shut him up. I didn't know how many shifters she brought with her, if only my head stopped swimming for a few seconds, I could be coherent enough to do a headcount. "Are you fucking crazy? Stay away from him!"
"Take off your sunglasses," she whispered, ignoring him and stopping just out of my reach. I knew what she was going to do, but it was either that or let me go on a killing spree. I reached up and took my sunglasses off and shoved it into my pocket. Tavia winced and whistled a little too appreciatively. "Your eyes are white. Did you know that? It's ringed with red." I remained silent as my eyes watered even more, ow. I held back a vicious snarl as she pulled out a high voltage flashlight from her backpack.
"Tavia!" another shifter shouted.
"You need to get inside, but I can't have you knowing where I live or hang out." I already knew where she lived and hung out in cat form, but she didn't need to know that. She reached into her backpack and pulled out a wet cloth and threw it at me. I caught it reflexively. I wiped off the dried blood from my hand and threw it back at her. She deftly caught it and shoved it back into her pack. Too bad she didn't have a hundred pints of blood in there.
"Tavia!" the first shifter shouted. Tavia's eyes went wide with fear, because my own eyes went completely white. This time, I didn't black out. Claws sprang from her fingertips, and she drove it into my stomach while she thumbed the flashlight on with her free hand, and shined it into my eyes. I screamed as pain exploded in my head. My own hand flashed and stopped her before she could pull the light away. "Come help me you idiots!" she shouted back to the rest of the shifters. Dizziness slammed into me, and I would've fallen if the tree wasn't behind me. Tavia pulled her claws from my stomach and gasped when it healed faster than she could blink. One of the shifters pulled her behind him and gaped at me. I was on him before he knew what hit him.
"No!" Tavia screamed. That flashlight was back on me a split second later. I reeled back just as the shifter I almost killed shifted into a lion. He roared and pounced on me. I screamed as his claws raked down my chest. Before I could sink my fangs in him, Tavia once again shine the flashlight at me. "Shift back Vreego!" My hands shot out and grabbed the lion and yanked him down to me. "No!" she shrieked. Vreego yelped, and one of the shifters stomped on my arm while another one did the same. The lion leapt back and shifted to human form. I couldn't close my eyes as Tavia continued to shine the damn light into the back of my skull. Along with the pain, the dizziness grew. The bones in my arms scraped together painfully as it realigned itself. "How do I keep you incapacitated?" she asked above me. "Do you still carry around that gun?"
"Yes," I hissed.
"Someone search him, and don't try anything stupid." I smiled as one of them stuck a hand roughly into one of my pockets. "Wait!" she shouted. Too late, I popped off the ground as fresh blood flowed steadily from his hand. They all fell on me. "Run!" she shouted at him.
"No!" I roared. "Tavia, you know better!"
"Run, Dominic, run fast." He was off, and I wasn't having it. I sent them flying and was upright in a heartbeat. "I need help over here!" she shouted. The earth shook, and Casiar had me in a headlock in a split second, and then I was surrounded.
"Tell your shifters to calm themselves," said Evelyn. "It's not doing any of us any good." She stepped closer to me as Tavia talked quietly with her little group. "Casiar, release him." He released me and jumped back as I flashed to my feet, breathing harshly against the sensory overload, and the painful sting of daylight wasn't helping any. Evelyn reached out and rested her cool palm on my cheek as the driving urge to give chase beat relentlessly at me. "You don't want to give chase, brother of mine. You have something better to do, remember?" I sucked in a raspy breath as she held her wrist out to me. The little circle grew tighter, and Allia's arms came around me and held me tight against her. I groaned as Jailyn, Casiar, and Riordan send cold tendrils into me. Damn did it feel good against the blistering daylight. My eyes locked on the blue vein in Evelyn's wrist as she brought it closer to my throbbing fangs. She dropped her hand to my shoulder and squeezed lightly. "I offer it freely. Drink, I've fed well so there is no need to be worry." My tongue darted out and licked at the vein beneath the skin. A snarl ripped from me, and Evelyn gasped as both set of fangs sank deep into her wrist. Hot, delicious blood exploded in my mouth, down my throat, and I almost moaned out loud. She winced as I pulled harder and faster at her wrist, gulping down her sweet, sweet blood. "That is enough, brother of mine," she said, and I froze as I felt the sharp tip of a blade on the side of my neck. "That's enough." I swallowed my last mouthful and reluctantly withdrew my fangs. Evelyn winced and licked close the bite wound, removing the tip of the blade from my neck. "I think we are done here," she said to Elijah. He nodded. Allia released me and gave Tavia a chilling smile before teleporting away. I groaned as the cold tendrils left with them. Shading my eyes with my hand, I turned to her. She stepped back from her group and nodded to me as the others disperse.
"I sort of feel sorry for you." I growled at her. "Okay, okay, keep your fangs sheathed." She peered closer at me. "Or not." She whistled. "What happened to you? Don't answer that. Come on, let's get you inside."
"Not going to blind me first?" I asked sarcastically, pulling my sunglasses out and slipping them back on.
She grumbled under her breath. "No point. I just remembered you can pull it from my head if you so wish it, and at any time without me even knowing it."
"I didn't realize cats have brains," I drawled.
She hissed at me. "Shut up. We're smarter than dogs." She glared at me and disappeared into the trees.
"Where have your friends gone off to?" I growled, keeping close behind her.
"None of your business," she muttered, shoulders stiffed with tension. Wind like the sharp edges of blades stabbed into me as I ran. Fucking hell, talk about walking through fire. "Shouldn't you burst into flames or something by now?" she asked dryly. "Because it sure as hell would do me lots of good if you just drop dead."
"Sorry, sweetheart, but I'm not that easy to kill."
She snorted. "All you need is a stake through the heart to paralyze your ass, and then you're just as defenseless like any of us." I think I almost shot a fireball at her head right at that second, but somehow, I stopped myself just in time. I sure as fuck don't need another problem to deal with.
"You have a point, but do you really think I would just stand there, and have you come at me?" I asked tightly. We came to a walk, and she stomped the rest of the way to her door. I smirked.
"You fucking arrogant piece of shit," she muttered under her breath, jamming the key into the lock. I pretended not to hear her and followed her inside the moment she got it to open. I didn't relax, however. All the god damn curtains were pulled open. "Amanda," she called out, closing the door and relocking it. "We have a visitor. Could you please make sure the windows are tightly closed downstairs?" She glared at me, again. I heard movements from downstairs and inclined my head. "And don't you get any ideas, Mr. Tronis," she hissed. "Or I swear I'll shove my claws up your urethra."
I involuntarily flinched and growled at her. "I got that loud and clear, Ms. Kylric."
"Good," she said, laughing. "Glad we understand each other." She sighed and made her way farther into the house. "Sorry, but I don't keep stock of blood in my refrigerator. Would you like anything else instead?" I inhaled deeply, and every muscle in my body locked together, forcing me to a stop. Tavia whirled, and I quickly grabbed onto the nearest thing to me. "Don't break my banister," she yelped. "Shit! I changed my mind! Your ass! Is going to the basement!" I reached into my pocket and pulled out a gun. I tossed it at her. She caught it, and without any hesitation, she pointed it at me, and fired.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-two

TAVIA

I smiled as whatever it was in the gun hit Tristan. He gasped and fell to the floor. Wheezing out a breath, he sucked in another pained one before going still, his creepy ass eyes fluttering shut. I winced at the redness of his skin and grimaced at the dried blood on his shirt. Pocketing the gun, I slowly approached him. I felt Amanda coming up behind me. "Can I rip out his heart?" she asked casually.
"No," I said slowly. "You can't."
"Who is he?"
"He's not your normal everyday vampire," I said and grunted as I lift him. "Help me." Amanda took his lower half while I took hold of his upper half, and we carefully made our way downstairs. I prayed like hell that he wasn't going to wake up in the middle of us carrying his three-hundred-pound ass down. Once downstairs, we took him to one of the walls. Amanda dropped him, and I grunted as I propped him up against it. "Chain him," I said, holding him up with my hand flat on his chest. "And do it fast. I don't think he'll be out much longer."
"What do you mean he's not like your everyday vampire?" she asked as she locked his wrists and ankles to the wall. Thick chains were bolted to the wall behind him, and I gritted my teeth. I had no idea if this would hold him or not. If it did, he could still teleport out of it. I backed up as Amanda dropped the last chain on him. Down here, the windows were shut tight, and his red skin paled to pink, and then to pale white in less than thirty seconds.
"He's not like other vampires," I said, backing away from him. I took a deep breath. "He's a member of the Vampiric Council."
"Oh shit," she squeaked, quickly backing away from him. "You got to be kidding me."
"Nope." I smirked. "You always wanted to meet one of them. Now you have that chance." I gulped as he twitched. Tristan's head jerked up, his eyes popping open. He snarled, and Amanda screeched as he bared his two sets of fangs. His eyes held no recognition of his surroundings, and it took all of my willpower not to show fear. He slammed against his chains, grunting when it held. I pulled out the gun and pointed it at him. "Tristan," I yelled. He flinched and groaned. "Come back to me. It's Tavia, remember? Come back or I'll shoot you." He blinked, once, twice. I let out a sigh of relief as recognition entered his eyes. Of course, the burning hunger didn't go away. He looked around, and then studied the chains holding him. I put up a hand before he could say anything. "I know it's not enough to hold you, but it's something."
"It will be good enough for now," he hissed and smiled. "I suggest you get the handcuffs from my pocket and cuff me." I stared at him for a long time. He chuckled. "I'm being serious, sweetheart." I swore and walked over to him. Remembering Dominic cutting himself, I carefully stuck my hand into his pocket. I blinked at him and pulled out two pairs of handcuffs, one silver, and one blue. He grunted. "The other one." I shoved them back into his pocket and dug around in his other pocket until I found another pair of handcuffs. This one was white. I yelped as it snapped open in my hand. Wasting no time, I snapped one of them around his left wrist.
"Why do you have so many handcuffs?" I asked.
He shrugged. "The one you just snapped on me is like a magical zip tie. It prevents me from teleporting."
"Really?" Amanda asked. "Do all vampires carry one around with them?"
Tristan's eyes focused on her intently, his nostrils flaring. "No," he growled.
"What does the other two do?"
"Now why would I give away all of my secrets?" he asked, a hint of warning in his tone.
Amanda shrugged. "Just curious."
"Curiosity kills the cat," he hissed.
"Har har, very funny." He smiled, and it wasn't a friendly one.
"Go get him something to drink," I said to her, stopping her from pushing him.
She scowled at me. "I don't have A positive," she huffed and went up the stairs. The chains rattled, and I stiffened, looking up at Tristan.
"So," he said casually. "Are you going to tell me who Shae is? Or do I have to break out of these chains, unlock the handcuff, and mind fuck you?" His eyes bored into mine. "Your choice," he growled and glanced to the stairs as Amanda came down, a water bottle in her hand. She cautiously approached him and held out the water bottle. He took it and just stared at her. She grumbled something and freed one of his wrists. He bared his fangs at her and twisted the cap off. She quickly backed away as he walked as far as the chains would allow. Tilting back his head, he drained it and crushed the empty plastic bottle, wincing as the sound graded on his eardrums.
"Shae is a rogue," I finally said after a long minute of thinking. Why would he want to know about her? "For almost a century now."
"A century?" he asked slowly.
"Yes, we haven't heard from her for? thirty years."
"Until now," he drawled.
"Until now," I muttered. He chuckled, capping the bottle and tossing it to me. I caught the crushed-up plastic and walked to the trashcan, my eyes never leaving him. I dropped it and stiffened as Amanda approached him.
"So," she said, stopping directly in front of him.
"Amanda," I groaned. "Keep away from him."
"How often do you drink blood?" Amanda asked.
"If you don't do as your sister says, you'll find out," Tristan said softly.
"Amanda," I said as one of his fingers twitched. I quickly walked over to her and pulled her away. "Are you insane?" I asked, exasperated.
She shrugged. "I was just curious," she grumbled.
I sighed. "He's a vampire, you dolt." I nodded to Tristan. "Are you going to now tell me why you want to know about her?" I asked him. He gave me a chilling look. I couldn't help the shudder that came over me. He bared his fangs, and the hint of red in his eyes was suddenly not there. I held back the hot waves of sensation that washed over me. I was not going to shift into a kitten. If I was going to shift, it was going to be shifting into a panther.
"You really want to know?" he asked, barely able to get the question out. I nodded. Amanda yelped, and the air rippled as she shifted. She meowed and growled at Tristan before streaking up the stairs, leaving her clothes behind. The loud snapping of chains gave me a split-second warning. I jumped back, picking up a chair and throwing it at him. He snarled as the cheap chair broke apart on impact with his head. I grabbed a leg of another chair and broke it off. I screeched as he body slammed me to the floor, knocking the breath from me. I broke out in sweat as I held back the urge to shift. Tristan's cool iron gripped hand clamped painfully on my stake hand. I grunted, trying to break his hold. Yep, I thought, definitely not a normal vampire, and he was definitely something more.
"No!" I yelled as Amanda launched herself at him. She yowled as she was mentally thrown backward, headfirst into the wall. "Next time you come at me," Tristan growled. "A bruised head will be nothing compared to a broken neck." I gulped. We may be immortal, but a broken neck was as good as dead. I was about to curse at him when my vision all of a sudden went hazy. He blinked, and the compulsion lifted. Shit, where the hell was my stupid necklace with the spelled pendant? God damn it. He took in a deep breath, and I couldn't do anything as he took the makeshift stake from my numbed fingers. The air was so charged, I could barely get air in to breathe.
"You want to know why I'm interested in her?" he asked.
"Tris-" Panic slammed into me as I began to choke for air.
"She," he said slowly. "Killed one of my brothers."
"No," I choked out.
"Yes," he said dryly. "Surprising, isn't it?"
"She didn't."
"Oh I assure you, she did, and I'm very tempted to ignore your sister and kill you. Do you know what it's like, losing a sibling? No? Well, let me tell you. It's horrible." I had no idea when I shifted, but I was all of a sudden seeing colors less vividly, and I was tangled in my clothes and held tight in Tristan's arms. "It was painful, Tavia," he continued as I tried to claw him. "And not just mentally and emotionally." I stiffened, my claws digging into his arm. He patted my head as I realized that a death of a vampire bonded to you, whether it was mate bonding, or sire to child, or co-sire-ing. To them, death was also a physical thing. I shifted back into human form. I grunted, wincing at my weird position in his arms.
"You can let me go now," I said. He dropped his arms, and I pushed away from him, flipping onto my back. "I'm sorry, Tristan," I said sincerely and rolled onto my stomach as his eyes traveled down my body. I pushed onto my elbows and looked at him. "I'll help in any way I can."
"I'm not asking for your help."
"I'm helping anyways, and you can't stop me short of killing me." He grunted and gracefully rose to his feet as I pulled torn fabric off of me and tossing it aside. I slowly got up and turned to face him. "Is my sister okay?" I asked. He shrugged. I huffed and walked over to the limp body of the small cat and picked her up. Feeling for any bruises or broken bones, I scowled at the vampire. "Throwing her headfirst into the wall wasn't necessary," I said, petting her back.
"Launching herself at me wasn't either."
"You were going to kill me," I snapped.
"Was I?"
"Grrrr, you are impossible." I held my sister out to him. "Heal her."
His eyes narrowed. "She heals fine on her own."
"Internal injuries," I said dryly.
"She doesn't have any internal injuries," he drawled. "I would know."
"Of course you would," I said through gritted teeth and went up the stairs. Giving that it was still a little light outside, Tristan didn't follow me as I made my way down the hall and into Amanda's room. I placed her on the bed and patted her one last time before leaving, closing the door behind me. I went back downstairs and over to Tristan. "So," I said and grunted. Shifting into a panther, I growled and looked up at him. He sighed and came to my side. I yelped as his fingers dug into my fur and held on. The instinct to attack him was so strong I almost couldn't control it. It so wasn't a great idea to put two predators in the same room. I growled low in my throat as Tristan crouched to look me in the eye. I bared my fangs at him and his hand on the back of my neck tightened. I screeched as he flipped me onto my back, and then everything went dark. I blinked up at him as we appeared somewhere else.
"You are in my territory now," he snarled. "You know what is to be expected." He arched an eyebrow at me. I remember the rules, I silently growled. No hunting, no killing of any vampires, and blah, blah, blah. Technically, we have the same rules. Now could you please get off of me before we try to kill each other? "Indeed," he said and was off of me in a split second. I flipped onto my belly and took in my surroundings. Of course, the lights were off, but that didn't prevent me from seeing everything clearly in the dark. I was in a living room of some sort, hallways branching off in almost every direction.
"Tristan?" a female voice called out. My tail thumped the floor, and I held back a growl. "Oh!" she exclaimed. "What the hell is this?" I got up and slowly turned to see them both. Brynna, I mentally yelped. "You," she hissed. "What did you do to him, you stupid, fucking, cat!" Me? I didn't do anything to him, I mentally hissed. Instincts took over, and before I knew it, I was airborne. My claws drove into Tristan's side. He snarled as his free arm came around and clamped tightly around me, digging my claws in deeper.
"Stop. It," he said tightly, his other hand around Brynna's wrist as she tried to stab me. The drip, drip of Tristan's blood was loud in my ears. Let me go, I mentally hissed. He released me and grunted as I pulled my claws from him and flipped around in midair, landing lightly on my feet.
"She hurt you," Brynna snarled and sent one of her knives sailing. It was plucked from the air before it could hit me. I crouched, growling under my breath.
"Well," a male voice drawled. "What is this? Brynna is pissed again, and I believe it's because of this panther here." I turned my head to look at the speaker. He was twirling the thrown blade in his hands, his eyes narrowed on me. "And Tristan looks like he's going to eat one of them." He shrugged. "Care to clue me in?"
"Yes," Brynna snarled. "That," she hissed, glaring at me. "Fucking cat hurt Tristan." Would you just fucking listen to me? I mentally snapped. You haven't even heard the story. "I don't need to," she snarled. "I can smell his blood from a mile away."
"Brynna, put those away."
"Cole-"
"Let's hear what she has to say," Cole said gently. I whipped my tail back and forth in agitation. Cursing, Brynna sheathed her blade, and Tristan released her, moving to lean against the wall, his eyes focused on the ceiling.
"Well?" Brynna growled. "What's the fucking story?" I went back to my meeting with Tristan in the clearing and just let the images and thoughts played in my mind. When I came back to myself, Cole and Brynna were glancing back and forth between me and Tristan who hadn't move an inch from his fixation of the ceiling, lost in his own thoughts. But I knew any sudden movement of aggression from me against his vampires; his hand would be in my chest before I even take one step. Even though my instincts screamed at me to kill in defense, I held back the urge. If this were any normal vampire, I might have a chance of succeeding, but Tristan was not a normal vampire, and he was one of the vampires even I didn't want to face in a showdown, staked or not. I still couldn't get my head around the fact that Shae had killed one of them.
"Damn," Cole said slowly. My ears pricked to attention as the elevator door opened, and another vampire stepped out. She came to a stop as she saw me.
"Uh, Tristan?" she squeaked. She blinked at me. "You're not a cat," she muttered to me. Tristan straightened and flashed over to her. "She's not a cat, and are you okay?"
"Lycanthrope," he snarled.
"Shifters?" He grunted. "Are you okay?" she repeated. The elevator door opened again, and another tall, too pale for my comfort vampire came out. He put his hand on Tristan's arm and leaned in, saying something even my sensitive hearing couldn't pick up. A few seconds later, Tristan disappeared into thin air.
"Kira," said the newcomer. He nodded to me. "This is Tavia, Tavia, Kira." I nodded to the nervous blond vampire. She nodded back in greeting.
"I'm going to clean up the blood if you don't mind," Kira said cheerfully.
"That would be greatly appreciated," the newcomer muttered.
"I'm on it," she said and moved in a blur to somewhere.
"I'm Riordan," he said to me. I nodded. I rolled onto my side and curled up into a ball. "I can see that you're tired." Damn right I am, I silently muttered. He smirked. Will I be safe here? Or do I have to stay awake the entire time? I hissed at Brynna. I'm afraid she's going to stab me in my sleep, I said dryly. She huffed and flashed down one of the halls. "I'll make sure that she doesn't disturb you. It's safe here, I promise." I snorted as Kira came back with cleaning products. My nose twitched. Oh great, I silently drawled. Instead of sleeping, I'm going to be busy sneezing. "Let me show you to one of the empty apartments." Apartments? I thought. So was this like a compound? "It is," he said as I got up and followed him down a hallway. He unlocked a door and pushed it open. He stood aside as I passed him. "If you need anything, just shout." I nodded, jumping the two steps down into the sunken living room. Got it, I mentally said to him. The door closed with a soft click, and I sighed. Not bothering to look around, I curled up into myself, and promptly fell asleep.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-three

BRYNNA

A fucking shifter? I snarled to myself. You got to be fucking joking me. I slammed my compound apartment door and seethed. I slumped against the door and growled. I stayed there for a few minutes, calming myself. I bashed my head against the door. Yep, it didn't help. Sighing, I straightened and pulled open the door. It shut and automatically locked behind me as I walked down the hallway. I kept my head down as I hit the elevator. On the main floor, I walked over to the counter and smacked the bulletproof glass. "Ari!" I shouted. "Get your fucking ass! Back here!"
"What is your problem," Ari asked as the lounge doors opened.
"I didn't get to kill a fucking cat that's what," I snapped. She came up to the counter and leaned on it. I huffed out a breath. "You got any more info on Bradley?" I grumbled.
"I do actually."
"You do?" I asked, smacking the glass.
She winced. "You're going to break that."
I snorted. "If it can stand against bullets, it can stand against my hand."
She shrugged. "Come to my office." I walked over to the right door and pulled it open and stepped through it. "Elevator?"
"I was just on that," I muttered.
"Stairs it is then," she said and led me up four flights of stairs. On the fourth floor, she led me across the landing to her office. I entered and went to a chair in the corner and sat. She tapped a key on the keyboard and started clicking on stuff that looked completely useless to me. "It's not useless," Ari grumbled.
"Hey," I snapped.
"Sorry, sorry," she muttered. "You want this printed out?"
"Of course," I said dryly. "I may be good with weapons, but I'm not that good with remembering things. Forgive me if I have short term memory. I can't help it."
"You and your temper."
"Don't make me go over there and hit you," I said through gritted teeth.
"You wouldn't."
"You want to bet on that, Stanton?" I asked as the printer started up.
She sighed. "You know, I can text this stuff to you too."
I blew out a breath. "Fine, but I still want it on paper."
"I was going to text you the address. I'm printing all the stuff he's been doing, and I'm sure as hell not going to text all of this."
I squinted up at the light and sighed. "How long have you been on him?"
"For weeks now. He keeps moving. He's not as stupid as I hoped he would be."
"Wow, Tristan didn't give you any breaks?"
She laughed. "Just because I'm mated to him, that doesn't mean I get off easy."
"Just be glad he's not treating you like a fucking caveman." I shuttered. "If I ever find a mate who treats me as such, I'm going to fucking castrate him and make him eat it."
"Jesus fucking Christ!" she exclaimed. "You're fucking insane you know that?"
"Yep," I said dryly. "And I'm proud of it."
"Insane," she muttered under her breath just as the air went charged. "Uh oh," she said and swiveled around in her chair. I stiffened and went to the door. I looked out and grunted. It was Tristan and Evelyn. "Who is it?"
"Evelyn and your mate."
"Oh wonderful."
"I bet it is," I drawled and went back to my little corner.
"Get your head out of the gutter," she said and flipped through the stacks of paper.
"Oh it is," I said. "But yours definitely isn't."
"Oh I can't wait until you find yourself a boyfriend."
"Boyfriend?" Evelyn asked, stepping inside. "Brynna having a boyfriend? Oh my god, I already feel bad for the poor guy."
"Oh man, I do too," said Ari. "The moment he tries to get into her pants? well, let's just leave it at that."
"Ari, I am so going to hit you." I looked at Tristan who was standing back from the door. "Let me hit her, please?"
"Feel free," he rasped.
"Hey!" Ari exclaimed. "You're supposed to defend me." He entered the office, and I winced as his skin reddens slightly.
"Tristan," Ari and I said in unison. Before Ari could get up, his hand landed on her shoulder.
"I got the light," Evelyn muttered and hit the light switch by the door. The moment the light was off, a shudder ran through Tristan. Before my eyes, his skin paled back to normal in a heartbeat.
"Light really does hurt you," I said softly and winced.
"It does," he rasped and clear his throat. "But compare to the sun, it's nothing." He glanced at the monitor and to the printouts.
"It's nothing?" Ari yelped and got up from her chair. Before she could turn and I don't know, punch him or something, Tristan pulled her against him.
"I didn't say it was nothing," he said. "Compare to the sun, light is nothing."
"He's right," said Evelyn. "The pain from the light? It's nothing compare to the sun." She shuddered. "Holy fucking damn did it hurt."
Tristan scowled at her. "You felt it?"
"Of course I did. We all did." He sighed.
"Here," Ari said, holding out a stack of paper to me. I got up and went over to them. I took it from her and nodded.
"Thanks."
"Anytime."
"I think it's time for me to give Jerry one last visit."
"What the hell is he doing alive?"
I shrugged. "I'll go and ask him. Tristan, you coming?" He grunted.
"Let's all go," said Evelyn.
"Fine with me." Evelyn blew out a breath before everything went dark. "Thanks for the warning," I muttered as I steadied myself. I walked down the pitched black hallway and stopped at the last cell. I mentally unlocked it and stepped inside, Ari, Tristan, and Evelyn behind me.
"Move," Ari grumbled and pushed to the front. "I want to see." We all couldn't fit in the small cell, so they watched from the doorway as I made my way to Jerry.
"Is he in torpor?" I asked. "You pathetic piece of shit," I said and kicked Jerry into the opposite wall. The smell of old blood was heavy and thick in the air. "Let's see," I said thoughtfully. "What will wake you up?" I pulled out a blade and walked over to him. I drove it into his eye socket.
"You need help?" Ari asked. She stepped into the cell, pulling out her own blade. "Hmm," she said thoughtfully. "Tristan," she said sweetly. "Could you be a dear and wake him up, pretty pretty please?" Tristan growled. "Oh, stop that. It's only a drop."
"On second thought," I said. "It would be a lot better if he's awake." I looked back at Tristan and gave him a questioning look. "Evelyn?"
"No way," she growled.
"Oh fine, I'll do it." I sighed and pulled my knife out. I bared my fangs and ripped open my wrist. I had it over his parted mouth. It slid down his throat, and he jolt back to life, screaming. "Much better," I said sweetly. "Now," I said, licking close the wound. "Just relax." I put a finger to his lips. "No no, don't speak. It has been a while. Did you miss me? Because, I sure have." I put the tip of my blade to his neck and gave it a little? cut. He grunted. I patted his arm. "Sorry, it won't happen again." He screamed as Ari drove the silver blade into his stomach. She yanked it out and smirked.
"He's all yours," she said to me and stepped from the cell.
"Oh my," I said. "That won't be healing anytime soon."
"Here," Evelyn said, holding out a small bin of blood bags.
"How many are in here?" I asked, taking it from her.
"Six." I nodded. I pointed to the still sizzling wound in his stomach. "That will take more than six bags to heal." She spun around and sent Tristan flying down the hall. Ari yelped. He snarled. "Ari, you coming with me?"
"Go," I said. "I'll give you all the juicy details." Ari hesitated, and I jabbed the air with my knife. "I give you my word that I'll tell you everything." She sighed and nodded to Evelyn who was struggling with Tristan. Ari slammed the cell door shut, and I was alone with Jerry. "Now then," I said and flipped my knife into the air and catching it. "Where was I? Oh yes, I remember now." Jerry screamed as my blade arc through the air and deep into his chest. "There's one last thing I like to know, and you're going to give it to me." I stepped away from him and smirked. Pulling out another blade, I leaned against the wall behind me. "If you don't tell me, I'll pluck out your eyes. You see, my first attempt at it failed quite? horribly." I set down the bin on the floor, and then pointed to his left eye which was a total bloody mess. "Can you see out of that one?" I asked. "If not, I'm truly sorry." He growled. "I really am," I said sincerely. Deep down, I really wasn't, but? he didn't need to know that. I set the knife down and flipped through the stack of papers I was amazingly still holding. There was blood on them, but only on the edges. "Let's see," I said thoughtfully. "I was right. Your name is on here. I straightened and unlocked the cell door. I walked over to it and pushed it opened, stepping out. "Give me a second, I'll be back." I slammed the door shut. It locked with an ear-splitting high-pitched sound, like nails on a chalkboard. I opened another door, leading into the only interrogation room down here and walked over to the table in the center of the room. I set the paper down and flashed back to the cell. Just as I thought, Jerry was trying to get to the bin of blood. I stomped on his arm, breaking it. He screamed. "You don't need that yet," I said sweetly. "Now are you going to be a good vampire and behave? Or do I have to break your pretty little skull open?"
"What do you want?" Jerry wheezed and groaned as I took my foot off his broken arm.
"Where is Victor?"
"Who?"
"I said where I can find Victoria Secret," I growled and grabbed up my blade. I crouched over him and slipped the blade into his mouth. He thrashed, and I put a knee on his chest. "Where can I find Victor?" I asked softly. I zeroed in on his thoughts and smiled. He didn't know, and wasn't that too bad for him. Jerry gave a bloodcurdling scream as I sliced his tongue in two. "You have a split tongue now," I said cheerfully. "Isn't that great?" I tapped his ruined eye with the flat end of the blade. He continued to scream as I slowly inched the tip of the blade into his eye socket. "I have no use for you anymore. You were supposed to be dead weeks ago. I should have ended you the moment Tristan tossed your pathetic ass in here." I drove the blade in deep and took out what was left of his ruined left eye. He bucked, almost throwing me off of him. I mentally grabbed a hold of him and held him in a body-lock. I got up and went over to the bin of blood and kicked it to him. "Is that what you want?" I asked sweetly. "Go ahead," I said softly. "Take it." I smiled evilly. "If you can, that is." I automatically went on alert as I felt someone in my head. Seriously? Sven mentally growled. You decided to torture him, like now? Do we have to be somewhere? I mentally asked. Uh, yes? I sighed. I'm in the interrogation room. Get it done and over with, Suphryn. A split second later, he was gone. I growled and flashed to Jerry. I snarled at him. "I'm sorry, but I have to make this quick." I punched my hand into his chest and tore out his heart, throwing the bloody damn thing against the wall. I pulled out the blade from his chest and grabbed up the bin. I stepped from the cell and into the interrogation room. Sven's nostrils flared, and he growled. "Awww," I said. "Someone is hungry." I set down the bin and smirked at him. "It's all yours." I strode to the tiny built-in sink in the corner of the room and washed the blood off my blades. I heard the crinkling of bags, and Sven growling under his breath. "How is Liana? Has Shilen tried to control her again?" He didn't answer for a long time. I dried off my two blades and sheathed it. I turned to him. He pulled the last bag of blood from his mouth and tossed it across the room and into the trash. He looked? agitated, tensed. "I'm sorry," I said and silently groaned. "I shouldn't ask."
"No, it's fine," Sven said, blowing out a breath. "She hasn't? yet. The problem is, I don't know when it's going to happen." I nodded. "Hell, if she commands Liana to kill me in my sleep, I'm fucked." He groaned and clutched his head in pain. "I was just saying," he hissed. "Now stop snarling so loud." He let out a relieved sigh.
"Tristan?" I asked. He grunted. I smirked. "He heard that, did he?"
"You want me to hold that?" he asked, pointing to the stack of papers on the table.
"If you don't mind." He grabbed them, and they disappeared somewhere under his jacket. "So, where to?"
"We're meeting Liana and Cole in Fresno."
I just stared at him. "Why there?"
He shrugged. "Won't know until we get there." I walked over to him and put a hand on his arm and squeezed gently. "Is that sympathy I detect from you?" he asked with amusement.
"Watch it," I warned sweetly. He chuckled and teleported.
The cool crisp air of Fresno hit me, and I inhaled deeply. For once, I wasn't teleported to the middle of a disgusting alley. "Ah, there they are," Liana drawled. "Cole was about to go off on his own."
"I was not," Cole muttered.
"Impatient, aren't you?" Sven asked.
"Is he always like that?" Trynnadon drawled from the shadows.
"What the hell are you doing here?" I asked. "And yes, to answer your question."
"I thought I join in the fun." He walked over to us and inclined his head. I shrugged. "Bradley and I have history."
"Oh?" I asked, interested.
He shrugged. "We met like three years ago. He was human then. He attempted to rob the Kegorah's family." He smirked. "He had more on his mind then just valuables. Of course, I didn't mention it to the kids."
I growled. "Why didn't you outright kill that son of a fucking asshole?"
He chuckled. "Unlike you, I value my existence."
"Tell me you wiped him."
"No," he said dryly. "I didn't. In fact, I forgot," he said sarcastically.
Sven coughed. "If that were the case, I'm surprised that the whole world still doesn't know supernaturals exist amongst them."
Trynnadon muttered something under his breath. "Where's Taylor?"
"She'll join us in a minute," said Liana. "She's currently kicking the shit out of Tristan."
"Really?" Sven asked, stiffening.
She put a hand on his shoulder and smirked. "Don't worry; your sire can handle himself."
"It's not him I'm worry about," he muttered.
"Oh," she said slowly. "I see?"
"Yeah," he said dryly. I felt the surge of energy in the air, and a split second later, Taylor hit the ground in front of us.
"God damn it fucking asshole," Taylor growled and slowly got up.
"What happened?" I asked nervously.
"Nothing," she growled. "I'll be fine." She looked around and winced. "Good, we are all here." We all nodded. "Well, let's get going then."
"This way," said Cole. He led us down a narrowed street and onto a dirt path leading to somewhere.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"One of Bradley's hideout."
"Oh, this will be interesting." It wasn't long until we came up to what looked like a tent in the middle of a grassy clearing. "Seriously?" I scoffed. "A tent? Doesn't he have somewhere better to go? Like one of the fucking houses he owns in every single state?"
"Maybe," Cole said thoughtfully. "But, if he's moving all the time, well?"
"Whatever," I grumbled. "And no one is here."
"I know," he drawled. "I want to see what he has up in this shithole and not all vampires have money or power to get a house in every state."
I sighed. "I was just saying."
He unzipped the tent and ducked inside. "Oh, look what we have here. Hmm, there are guns, and more guns, knives, little sharp instruments meant for torturing someone, and?" I heard the opening of something that sounded like the opening of a Tupperware. He whistled. "Expensive shit." He closed it and ducked back out, zipping up the tent.
"No blood?" Taylor asked.
"Nope, not a single bag."
She laughed softly. "I wonder how he is getting his blood supplies," she drawled. "Where to next? Actually," she said thoughtfully. She moved to the tent and unzipped it. "Just a minute."
I smirked at Sven, Liana, Cole, and Trynnadon. "A Council member doing a search? That doesn't sound good for Brad."
Liana snorted. "Who gives a shit about him?"
"Got a point there." Taylor came back out a few seconds later, and she was holding something in her hands. "What's that?" She held up a syringe which was filled with a black liquid. "Fuck," I growled.
"It has Aaron's scent all over it," Taylor said in a calm, dangerous tone.
"That was buried under his valuable things, wasn't it?" Cole asked.
"It was." The drugs disappear into her Council half-cape, and she let out a slow sigh. "Okay, I'm good to go whenever Sven is."
"Sven!" I shouted and jumped forward, knocking him aside. My hand flashed, catching Liana's wrist in a death grip.
She snarled at me. "Let go." Cursing up a storm, Sven got up from the ground and glared at Liana.
"What's wrong with her?" Trynnadon asked.
"Shilen," I snarled.
"Who?"
"Her psychopath sire."
"Huh, I thought we're all psychopaths in the general sense."
I threw Liana to the ground and straddled her. I put a forearm on her throat and pushed down, cutting off her airway. "If my hands were free right now, I'd stab you in the eye." My back tingled, and I looked up to find Tristan, standing over us.
"Let her up," he growled. "Now."


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-four

TRYNNADON

Tristan snarled and grabbed Liana, yanking her back and holding her tightly against him. "She's still trying to kill me?" Sven growled. Before I could nod, everything went dark. When it lifted a split second later, we were standing on a bridge, looking over a river.
"Listen to me very carefully," Tristan hissed at Liana, and I gave a start as I finally got a look at his two sets of fangs, inches from Liana's jugular.
"Please don't hurt her, sire," said Sven. "Well, don't hurt her more than you have to," he grumbled. Tristan rolled his white eyes at his childe and straightened. Liana whimpered in his arms and squirmed, moaning. He set her down, one hand steadying her while the other one went under her chin, lifting her eyes to his. Her expression went blank, and he smiled, coldly.
"Are you ready to come out of hiding, dearest Shilen?" he hissed softly while Sven hovered out of arm's reach of Tristan. "Or are you still playing games, sweetheart?" I put my hand on the railing and held back a shudder. The air was crackling with energy. The urge to either snarl or make a run for it, beat against my every instinct. "You ordering your child to do your biddings are getting tiresome," Tristan continued, his voice going softer with every word. Sven looked like he wanted to interrupt, but he kept stopping himself at the last second. "I'm only going to say this once." I suddenly found myself falling halfway to the bridge, and Cole holding onto me. I pushed myself upright and breathed in slowly and deeply. It was like resisting from being sucked into a vacuum. "Stop commanding her, or I will kill her." Cole, Brynna, and I stiffened. I glanced at Sven and realized he was mentally being held in place, unable to move or speak. Tristan chuckled. "I know you don't care about her, but you do care for Victor, don't you? He's everything that Liana wasn't, easy to control, follows your every command. Tell me, does he follow you around like a lost puppy as well?" Is Shilen possessing her? I mentally asked Cole. No, Cole mentally replied. We can't do that, only they can. He nodded to Tristan and Taylor. I laughed. I should've known. "Is that so?" Tristan growled, and a split second later, the bridge shook as a vampire appear out of nowhere, hitting the wooden structure with a jarring impact. He was up and running before I even got a good look at him. I unsheathed my blade and moved in a blur. I grabbed him by the shoulder just as Brynna pressed her own blade to his throat.
"Not. So. Fast," she hissed. "You must be Victor," she crooned. "I've been looking for you." I stiffened as I felt Tristan closing in on us, Taylor beside him. Brynna removed her blade and sheathed it. "Let me kill him," she growled. "Please, please, please?"
"No," Casiar drawled. Oh hell, where the fuck did he come from? "Hmm," he said thoughtfully. I choked and coughed as smoke filled the air. The ground shook, and I almost let out a shout of surprise. I watched, transfixed as a demonic figure appeared in a burst of fire. "Grab her, brother," he said dryly. Tristan flashed to Liana and grabbed her just as she was about to jump into the water below.
"What can I do for you, master?" the demon hissed. Oh, this was getting more interesting by the minute.
"You can be silent for me," Casiar growled.
"Yes, master."
"Now that's a good minion." Casiar's gaze flickered to me, and I suppressed a shudder as his creepy unblinking eyes bored into my own, and I found myself? falling. I struggled against the pull, and I gasped when it broke. No vampire, other than my siblings can resist my pull, Casiar whispered into my mind. I blinked at him. Got that loud and clear, I silently muttered. He chuckled and walked over to us. I dropped my hand from Victor, and before he could so much take a step, Casiar grabbed him by the throat and dragged him, kicking and cursing off the bridge. "Let's take a trip to the abyss, shall we?" he asked the struggling vampire. He glanced at Liana who was now fighting Tristan with all she got. "Oh," he said slowly. "She doesn't want to go." He smiled evilly. "Release her, or I give him to my little friend here." The air rippled as he stepped into the invisible circle, Victor limp in his arms. The demon cackled and reached for him. "Not yet, Elkeihrahlich," Casiar warned. Brynna muttered something under her breath. I glanced at her. I smirked. She was actually pouting.
"What the fuck do you want?" Liana, Shilen hissed.
Casiar shrugged. "Tell me the name of the necromancer who brought you back to life."
"Never," Shilen snarled.
"Alright." He inclined his head. "Have you ever been to hell?"
"The fuck kind of question is that?" she spat.
"A simple one," he growled.
"No," she snapped.
"Damn!" Cole exclaimed. "You should give hell a visit. I heard its lovely down there." Brynna huffed.
"Well," Casiar said and shoved Victor at the demon. The demon howled in excitement, and blood flew as claws slashed him open. "Go," Casiar snarled.
"Can I take him?" the demon asked.
"Yes, now go." There was another burst of flame, and the demon and Victor disappeared. Sven was finally released from Tristan's hold, and he flashed to his sire's side just as Liana passed out, blood trickling from her eyes.
"Is she gone?" he asked, taking her from him. Tristan nodded stiffly.
"Oh look," Taylor drawled. "He disappeared on us, like usual." I looked around and realized that Casiar was no longer with us. "Okay, let's continue the hunt for Bradley." She looked at Tristan. "Unless you have something else in mind?" She scowled. "Besides that." He shook his head, stepping off the bridge into empty space. What the hell? I thought as my world went black.

ARI

Oh no, I silently growled. I grabbed the human by the arm, preventing her from scuttling away. "Tell me where Aaron is."
"Let go of me," she yelled.
I sighed. "I'll give you one more chance. Tell me where he is, and I'll let you be on your way."
"She can't tell you," Jailyn said from right behind me. I winced. "Sorry." She stepped up beside me and put a hand on the human's head. "Your mate is on his way."
"Er, thanks for telling me," I said dryly.
"You're welcome."
"Mate?" the human spluttered.
"Oops," Jailyn said and smirked.
"Why can't she tell me?" I asked.
"Because she has been compelled not to talk."
I dropped my hand from the human and scowled at the ground. "I knew that."
"What the hell are you talking about?" the human asked. "And can I go now? And get your hand off me."
"Well, sorry," Jailyn muttered and waved to a pissed off Evelyn. "You're just the person I was looking for," she said as she came up behind the human.
"What's wrong?" I asked her.
"Shilen," she growled.
"Shit," I hissed. The human gasped when Evelyn put a cold hand on her bared shoulder. She came around to my other side and put a finger under her chin, tilting her head back to look her in the eye. The human expression went blank, and Evelyn growled. "Why does everything have to be so difficult?" she muttered. Jailyn and I shrugged. She sighed and glared at the human. "You will not scream, and you will not resist me." The human nodded. "Jailyn, you with me?" Jailyn nodded. "Ari, watch over her."
"On it," I said and went to stand behind Jailyn. She grunted, as her spirit left her.
"I wish I could see," I muttered and yelped as Evelyn's energy exploded around us.
"Alyssa," Evelyn said in surprised. "What the hell is he doing with her?" She gently lowered the lifeless human to the ground. "I got all I wanted." We waited in silence for any sign of life. A long minute past before the human gasped in her first lungful of air in five minutes.
"What the hell just happened?" the human asked, violently shaking. "I?" Her voice trailed off as Evelyn gaze bored into her, rolling her.
"You will not remember meeting anyone. You will not remember any of this."
"I don't remember anything," the human replied tonelessly. Evelyn bent and pulled her up. Ripping her wrist open, she had it pressed to the human's mouth in a flash.
"Drink." After a second or two, Evelyn pulled her wrist away and licked it closed. "Go back to whatever you were doing before you were interrupted." The human nodded and walked away, as if nothing strange ever happened to begin with.
"Alyssa?" I asked. Evelyn nodded. "Um, Jailyn? You can like, come back now." My hands shot out and caught her as she came back to her body, snarling. She found her balance, and I dropped my hands as she turned to Evelyn.
"What is it?" Evelyn asked, stiffening.
"Guess whose Bradley's sire," she spat.
Evelyn stared at her for a few long seconds and growled. "How do you know?" she asked tightly.
"Because." I blinked as she snapped her mouth shut. I frowned at her. "Because, I asked her about it. She thought she was dead, so she spilled everything before I slammed her back into her body." A flicker of something crossed Evelyn's face, but it was gone before I could make anything of it. I tasted the bitterness of lie coming from Jailyn. Huh, she was keeping something from us. It was either that, or something else. I looked around and also found Tristan just? staring at her. Was I missing something?
"What about Alyssa? Did I get that right?" Evelyn asked. Jailyn nodded, jaw clenched. She knew she was lying about something, and she knew, that we knew. I cleared my throat.
"So," I said, a little too loudly. "Are we going to give Alyssa a visit?" Evelyn and Jailyn nodded, and Tristan just? kept on staring. I walked over and poked him. When that didn't break his attention from Jailyn, and being an ass, I pulled out a penlight, pointed it at him and flicked it on. He snarled and jerked back, as if I shone a flashlight into his eyes. I clicked the penlight off and smirked. He growled and snatched it from my hand. "Hey!" I exclaimed. "Give that back." He glared at me and shoved his hands into his pockets along with my trusty penlight. I huffed. "You were staring at Jailyn like you were planning to tear her head from her shoulders," I said defensively.
"He was," Jailyn muttered and grunted in pain. Tristan narrowed his eyes, and I gasped as an overwhelming sadness crashed into me. I stumbled backward, blinking. What the hell?
"Ah fuck," Tristan breathed. His hand closed around my upper arm, steadying me as my world spun.
"I'm sorry," said Jailyn. "I'm sorry. He told me not to tell anyone." I gave Tristan a confused look. I knew I was feeling his emotions, sadness, anger, but why? Then it all of a sudden clicked into place, and I mentally slapped myself, hard.
"Oh," I breathed. "Damn." Tristan's hand tightened, taking in a slow deep breath and reining in his emotions until I couldn't feel anything but my own sadness. I frowned up at the night sky and sighed. I watched as dawn swiftly approached us. I glanced at Tristan, worry creeping its way to me. I knew he wasn't going to burst into flames or anything, but light was now painful to him, and from what I've heard, the sun was more than painful.
"Stop," he said slowly and pulled me to him. He glanced at Evelyn. "Let's go." I put my hand on his arm as he tightened his hold on me. Everything went black, and I yelped when I found nothing under my feet. I never had been teleported into nothing but air before, so it was? a little unnerving. Where the hell were we?
"You did that on purpose," Jailyn said accusingly, glaring at Tristan. He shrugged as we touched down on the roof of some house. I straightened in his arms and looked around.
"Los Angeles?" I asked. He grunted. I took that as a yes. He reached into his pocket and pulled out his sunglasses, slipping them on. He glared at the brightening sky, dropping his arm from around me and stepping back. I pouted at him. He chuckled.
"You don't need my help to get off the roof," he said, smirking. I huffed and launched myself into empty space, landing silently on the pavement below.
"We're a block away from Alyssa's apartment," said Evelyn. I nodded and followed her down the sidewalk. A minute later, we were at the front door. It opened slowly, cautiously. Behind me, Tristan groaned. Jane peeked around the door and her eyes widened in surprise.
"Jane," I said, frowning down at her. "Shouldn't you be sleeping, kiddo?"
"I'm not tired," she said brightly.
I smiled. "You sure?" I asked suspiciously.
"Yep."
"I can tell that you are lying to me," I sang and held out my hand to her. She took it with both of hers, and I let her pull me inside.
"Hey," Tristan said, disgruntled. "What about me?"
"And me," said Evelyn. Jane released my hand, and I watched as she stepped back to the opened door and reached out to touch Jailyn.
"Do I know you?" she asked.
"Er?" Jailyn looked down at the girl uncertainly. "Do you?" she asked, taking Jane's hand in hers. "I'm Jailyn, and you are??"
"Jane."
"Jane, nice to meet you." She squeezed the little girl's hand gently before dropping it. Jane nodded and stared up at Tristan. I followed her gaze and winced at his reddening skin.
"Can I come in, sweetheart?" he asked quietly. She nodded rapidly and stepped back from the door. Evelyn, the last to enter, closed the door behind her and leaned on it.
"Where's your sister, sweetie?" she asked.
Jane pointed down the short hallway. "In her room, on the computer." She pranced down the hallway, and we followed slowly after her. She knocked. "She's studying for her finals. I don't even think she knows you're here." I could hear the music coming from Alyssa's room. It sounded like it was coming from a pair of earbuds. After a long minute of just standing there, Jane finally blew the door opened. Alyssa yelped and spun around in her chair.
"Oh shit!" she exclaimed and turned her iPod off, setting it on the desk behind her. "Am I in trouble?"
"Why would you think that?" I asked.
Alyssa pointed a finger at Tristan and then Evelyn, back and forth between the two of them. "What would you do if you all of a sudden find two law enforcers in your house?" Tristan arched an eyebrow at her while Evelyn tried to keep herself from laughing. "What?" she asked defensively. "You are." Then she pointed the same finger at Jane. "And what did I tell you about opening the door?"
"I looked before opening the door," Jane said, glaring at her. "I'm not stupid."
"Didn't say you were," Alyssa muttered under her breath. She closed her textbook and looked around her room, empty blood bags everywhere. I gave her an amused look. "What? Studying is hungrysome."
"Uh, is that even a word?" I asked, smirking.
She shrugged. "It is now." She blinked and stared at Tristan. "What happened to you?" she squeaked and flashed to her feet. He pointed silently to the window. She blurred to it, and pulled the curtains closed. "Daylight hurts you?" she said, hitting the ceiling and streaking from the room, passing over our heads. Tristan stared after her as she quickly turned the apartment to semidarkness. "Is that better?" she asked, standing in the middle of the living room.
"Much," Tristan growled.
She looked at him nervously. "Why do daylight hurt you now and not before?"
He smiled, coldly. "It's a long, long story."
"Avery?" she squeaked.
"Yes," he hissed, and we followed him to the living room. Alyssa opened her mouth, closed it, and opened it, but nothing came out as she struggled for something to say. She snapped her mouth shut and kept it shut as Tristan rested a hand on top of her head. "Say nothing, sweetheart. I know the sincerity of your thoughts and emotions. You don't have to say them out loud." She nodded and relaxed a little. Ducking from under his hand, she moved to one of the couches and sat.
"Oh damn," she muttered and sniffed the air. "Jane," she called. I winced. I could smell the scent of grief in the air. Tristan, Evelyn, and Jailyn cursed. "I'm sorry, Jane. Please don't cry."
"That's easier said than done," Jane called back, and I heard the closing of a door.
"Shit!" Alyssa once again exclaimed as the apartment shook, wind battering against the windows.
"Oh boy," Evelyn said, sighing.
"She blew out a window last time."
"Evelyn winced. "I'll go see her."
"Don't," Alyssa warned, glaring at her. "Hurt her."
Evelyn put up her hands in defense. "I wasn't going to," she spluttered. Alyssa continued to glare at her. Evelyn sighed. "I give you my word that I won't hurt your sister, I promise." I glanced at Tristan who was trying his hardest not to laugh out loud. Alyssa nodded and leaned back on the couch. Evelyn passed Tristan and smacked him upside the head.
"Hey!" I exclaimed, glaring at her back. Tristan walked over to me, and I leaned against him. He put an arm around me as I inspected him for any bruising, knowing full well I wasn't going to find anything, but still.
"Would you like to sit?" Alyssa asked. We all shrugged. Tristan went over to the couch and dropped down beside her. I turned in his arms. I yelped as he pulled me down to him. Grumbling, my back against his chest, I looked over to Alyssa. "So," I said. Jailyn walked over and sat on the edge of the couch. "You and Aaron know each other right?"
"Yeah," she said slowly.
"Have you seen him around lately?" I asked.
"I've seen him at the NSC's HQ mostly."
"Mostly?"
She shrugged. "I've seen him hanging around a club once or twice." At this, Tristan stiffened. I put a hand on his arm and stroked it soothingly. He didn't relax the slightest. I silently grumbled.
"Do you know the name of this? club?" She looked thoughtful. In my peripheral vision, I saw Jailyn's eyebrows shot up.
"Well," Jailyn said in that hypnotic voice of hers. "That's? an interesting choice of a club."
"Indeed," said Tristan. "Indeed it is."
"What?" I asked. Alyssa actually blushed. "What?" I repeated, stopping my stroking altogether.
"I don't know the name of it, but it's a gay club."
"Oh," I said. "Really? Hot looking guys?"
"Ari!" they all exclaimed, and Tristan actually cuffed me on the side of my head.
"Ow!" I yelped. "I was just asking. I can't ask? Besides they're gay." He growled. "Okay, okay," I said. "Sorry, dear." I could feel the glare on the back of my head. I shifted in his lap, turning sideways to face Alyssa fully. "So you don't know the name of this er? gay club?"
"Not really," Alyssa said, still flushing. "I didn't pay attention to the name. I should've said it's a lesbian club."
"Oh," I said again. "Tristan dear, would you still have hit me if-"
His arms tightened around me. "Don't you dare finish that sentence, sweetheart," he growled warningly.
"I'm just curious." This time, he snarled at me. Alyssa squeaked and jumped from the couch. I turned to face the front just as Tristan shoved Jailyn off the couch. She hit the floor and looked like she was suffocating from silent laughter. "Glad I can be some sort of entertainment for you guys," I said cheerfully.
"Ari," Evelyn said, sighing. "You are a horrible mate to my brother," she said from the hallway. Since the apartment stopped shaking twenty minutes ago, I figured Jane was back to her hyper cheerful self.
"I am not," I said defensively. I turned around in his arms to look at him. "So, be a good sport and don't kill the first guy or girl that looks at me the wrong way. Okay?" I poked him in the chest. "Okay?" I repeated. He grunted. I tried to move out of his arms, but he wasn't having any of it. He jerked me to him, and I fell against his chest. I sighed and nuzzled his neck. "So Alyssa," I said and paused briefly when I felt little somebody getting a little too excited. "Out of curiosity, what were you doing there?" I asked, smirking even though she couldn't see it. My tongue flicked out and licked the pulse in Tristan's neck. He stiffened and got harder. He pulled back from me, his head hitting the wall behind him. My lips twitched.
"I only went there once," Alyssa finally said. "And only because he wanted to show me something."
"Something?" I asked. "What is that something?"
"I don't know. Before he could show it to me, another vampire came up to us." I stiffened. "It wasn't Bradley," she said quickly.
"Can you take us to this club?" Jailyn asked.
"Now?"
"Tonight."
"That sounds fine to me," said Evelyn. Tristan nodded, still looking at me. It felt like he was assessing me. "Well, that's that then. Alyssa, I'd give you a hug, but I'm a little hungry."
"Thanks for making me feel much better," Alyssa muttered. I blinked as my world went red, because damn Evelyn to hell. She reminded me that I hadn't fed in several hours.
"Oops," Evelyn said, laughing. "I didn't do anything." I groaned, letting my head drop onto Tristan's shoulder. I inhaled, and it was the wrong thing to do. Only his arms holding me tightly to him kept me from going for the only human in the apartment. I yelped as everything went dark. I think I let out a scream as I hit the freezing ass water.
"What the fuck?" I asked and swallowed a ton of ice water. After a moment, my body adjusted to the cold, and I was able to think a little more coherently. I surfaced to find myself? underground? "Tristan," I said warningly. I looked around for him and found him a good distance from me. I swam to him and jumped him, sending him headfirst, into the water.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-five

"What was that for?" I spluttered, still holding his head underwater. "And where are we?" An indoor pool? He mentally suggested. I looked around at the stone walls. It looked more like a dimly lit cave than an indoor pool. "We are not." His hand reached up and took hold of my wrist. I grunted, struggling to keep my hand where it was. He sank lower into the water, turning and surfacing behind me. He grabbed my other wrist, twisting my arms behind my back before I got a chance to hit him. Hey, he deserved it, damn it. One hand holding both of my wrists, he put his free hand on my shoulder and led me out of the water and onto marbled floor. "Can you let me go now?" He released me, and I spun around and punched him. I was hoping to punch him across the room, but I guess making him stagger back a step was satisfying enough? for now at least.
"What is up with you people and hitting me," he muttered and glared at me. I folded my arms and inclined my head. He sighed. "We're underground."
"Council?" He nodded. I frowned. "How far underground?" He shrugged and turned from me, shrugging out of his drenched shirt and walking across the room to a door. I couldn't help it; I stared at his back, muscles rippling beneath the smooth slightly reddened skin. He stopped and glanced over his shoulder at me. I blinked and looked at him innocently.
"Are you coming?" he asked, smirking. "Or are you just going to stand there?" I huffed and flashed across the room to him. He opened the door and stepped inside. I looked into the pitch blackness of the room beyond. I tilted my head to the side, just now realizing that I was hearing something other than the hum of electricity.
"Magic?" I asked, looking around again. Tristan sucked in a sharp breath, and I was in that room and at his side in a flash. "What's wrong?"
"UV light," he gasped and groaned. "Damn it." He turned to me, and I got a good look at his bright red, scorched arm. His hand was over my mouth before I could get a word out. I glared at him, watching as his arm slowly paled to pink and then back to normal pale white. I relaxed a little. He removed his hand and pointed to my left. "First, get into dry clothes," he rasped. When I didn't move, he forcibly turned me and moved me in that direction. He stopped me in front of a table with a bunch of folded clothes. "If I have to undress and dress you," he warned. "We're never getting out of here."
"That sounds like a good idea to me," I said.
"Ariella," he growled.
"What? You don't agree with me?" I asked and slapped his hand away before he could take my shirt off for me. He chuckled and flashed to the other side of the room. I quickly undressed, and I could feel the heat of Tristan's gaze on me. I ignored it the best I could, rifling through the pile of clothes for my size. I should've done that first before stripping, but it was now too late for that. I set my shirt and pants aside and looked back at him. "If you tell me that there are no bras or underwear down here, I'm going to slap you." I pointed a finger at him. "And don't you dare take that the wrong way," I warned.
He smiled wickedly and pointed at the table behind me. "There are shelves under the table," he said and cleared his throat. I turned and bent down, lifting the table cloth up and searching with my other hand. Tristan groaned. I smirked, pulling out a bra and underwear and straightening. I shuddered at the tingles of pleasure. Keeping my back to him, I quickly dressed. I almost laughed when he let out a disappointed sigh. "I prefer you naked," he growled.
"Same goes for you," I said sweetly and walked over to him. I wrapped my arms around him, resting my head against his chest and sighing. He put his own arms around me, but didn't relax his stiffness posture. I tilted my head back to look at him. "Your arm still hurts? Or are you hungry?" He just looked at me as if I was stupid. I laughed. "I'm just trying to get your head off of sex." He growled. "Is it working?" I stared into his white eyes and frowned. "Hey, where did you put my phone and stuff? I know you did not throw me in to the water with all my weapons and phone and all that."
"It's in your office."
"Take me there?"
He smirked. "Of course." I was going to say something, but everything went dark, and I found myself in my office on the fourth floor of the Council building. I pulled away from Tristan and reached for my wallet, phone, and my two switchblades I carry around with me everywhere whether I was spying, or hunting, or doing nothing. I reached over to the mini fridge and opened it, pulling out a blood bag. I popped it against my fangs and closed the refrigerator. I turned to Tristan and gave him a questioning look. He remained silent as I drained the bag. I tossed the empty plastic into the garbage can and shrugged.
"I was going to ask if you'd like a bag." He blinked and his energy skittered over my skin, the danger-danger alarm going off in my gut. But I stayed where I was, because I knew that he wasn't going to hurt me. He closed in on me, and I yelped as jolts of electricity shot from his hand and into my arm. "Tristan," I said softly as he leaned in to nuzzle my neck. I wrapped my arms around him, and he stilled. "It's Ari, and you don't want to kill me." He pulled back a little and blinked rapidly. "You don't want to kill me," I repeated. I reached up and stroked his cheek. He groaned. "I'll let you feed from me, if you promise not to drain me." I smirked. "You don't want me going into torpor, do you?" I looked down between us and realized he was having a massive hard-on. I gasped as his hand tightened painfully, and he jerked away, panting and snarling. "I didn't even touch you," I said, huffing. "Did I break you from your lust for vampire blood?" I asked hopefully. I gasped as he pushed me onto my desk. I kicked him between his legs, aiming for his balls, but he dodged it and was on me before I could roll to the floor. In the blink, his mouth was on mine. "Oh," I breathed. I definitely preferred this over him killing me any day. He growled and slipped his tongue into my mouth. I groaned and deciding he wasn't going to bite my tongue off, I kissed him back. When I was panting and feeling very, very hot and bothered, he pulled away, his mouth going to my neck. He groaned and pulled my pants down. I shivered. "Oh boy," I moaned. "You know, my office isn't soundproof." I glanced toward the door. Breathing hard and ignoring me, he freed himself and jerked me to the edge of the desk. I slapped my hands down, preventing myself from falling backward and hitting my head on the wall.
"I really, really prefer it if you were completely naked," Tristan growled in my ear.
"There's still time for me to strip," I offered and gasped as his hand went between my legs. I moaned as he slipped a finger inside me. He growled as I tightened around said finger. He pulled it out and chuckled.
"Good," he breathed against my neck. "You're nice, hot, and wet." He spread my legs farther apart, and I moaned, sucking in a sharp breath when I felt his hot length at my entrance. "And I'd take you up on that offer, but my short window of saneness is coming to a close, fast," he said through clenched teeth. "And I'm sorry, but I have to silence you this time." He licked the pulse at my neck, and I shuddered. "Ah, fuck," he gasped, and my vision dimmed and blurred as two sets of fangs sank deep into my neck, and at the same time, he thrust himself inside me, going in deep. I arched into him as the feeling of him inside me and the intensity of the pleasure bite increased. In my head, I screamed as he spilled himself inside me. I kept myself from cumming, and holy shit, was that the hardest thing to do. He withdrew his fangs from my neck and licked it closed. Move, I mentally groaned. He growled and slowly withdrew, only to thrust back inside me. I grabbed him, and I fell backward, his hand flashing to the back of my head before it could hit the wall. I pulled his neck down to my mouth, and he let out a curse as I bit him. His thrusts became more frantic. "Oh no you don't," he rasped in my ear. "If you can hold it for this long, you can hold it a little longer." Fuck you, I silently growled at him. He stiffened as I pulled harder at his neck. He pounded into me, and I withdrew my fangs, closing the bite wound. It was either that or choke as I let out a silent scream, going over the edge. Tristan gave one last hard thrust before cumming a second time. I arched and moaned, going limp in his arm. His other arm came around me and lifted me slightly off the desk. He nuzzled my neck and groaned, still pulsing with release inside me. I moaned, and this time it was out loud.
"Holy shit," I gasped.
"Ah, fuck me," he groaned. He moved in and out of me, and my world went black as he teleported. Something soft met my back, and he increased his rhythm, not giving me any chance to see where we were.
"I think I like this version of you," I gasped and groaned as I came. He hissed and thrust deep, holding himself there as he continued to shoot his hot seed inside me. We groaned, and he finally fell on top of me, still twitching inside me. "Yep," I said, panting. "I love this version of you." Tristan growled when his phone rang. I laughed and mentally reached for it. The phone flew into my hand, and I answered it. He really needs an iphone 5 or something, like seriously. Maybe I'll get Kira to buy him one. "Hello?" I said, trying really hard not to breathe so? loudly.
"Hello?" a nervous voice said at the other end of the line. Tristan stopped breathing and went very, very still.
"Who is this?" I asked gently.
"It's Leo," he whispered, so low, no ordinary human would be able to hear him. Tristan pulled himself out, and I almost groaned out loud in disappointment. I sat up and pulled my pants on with one hand, almost falling over in the process.
"Is everything okay?"
"There's a vampire outside Alyssa's apartment." I stiffened. "But she's not here."
"Who is with you?"
"Just Brianna and me."
"And how do you know it's a vampire and not a random human?"
"Because I saw him killing a human across the street."
"Okay, we'll be there."
"Wait," he hissed. "He's going to turn her." I glanced at Tristan, fully dressed and waiting impatiently for me to end the call.
"Okay, do not be seen and stay where you are. We'll be there in a flash," I said and hung up. Tristan snatched the phone from me, and everything once again went black. Since I was still sitting on the bed, I immediately fell on my ass in the middle of the hallway. Tristan looked down at me and smiled. I glared at him and took his offered hand. He pulled me up, and we flashed to the front door where Leo was waiting, tapping anxiously on his phone.
"Go stay with your sister," Tristan growled and slapped a hand over Leo's mouth before he could scream. He nodded, and Tristan dropped his hand and pulled the door open. He sucked in a gasping breath and let go of me. Pulling the Council hood over his head and making sure every inch of him was covered, he stepped outside. His relieved sigh rippled through my mind as he pulled darkness around himself. Go up to him, he silently growled. I nodded and flashed across the street. I backhanded the rogue, sending him flying off his prey and crashing into the side of the house. I gently peeled back an eyelid and cursed viciously as her blue eyes slowly darkened to black. Her skin was also paling. I growled and glared at the snarling rogue, smirking when I saw he was struggling not against Tristan, but a huge panther. Tavia, I silently said in surprised. Where the hell did you come from? She growled, a little too excitedly at me. Your mate asked if I wanted to kill a vampire, she mentally said to me. And I totally was on board. She yelped as the rogue cut her with a fang. Is it too late to help her? She asked and snapped her jaw around the rogue's throat. The human I mean. Yeah, I silently said, sighing. She's in transition. Tristan appeared beside the cat and put a hand on her head. "Not just yet," he said quietly. Tavia released the rogue and sat on him. She pouted up at Tristan. Or I guessed she was. I wasn't very good with animal expressions. Tavia dug her claws into the rogue's chest as he began to twitch. She hissed, but didn't move as Tristan pulled out the silver blade. She eyed the thing, mentally recoiling from it like he was going to stab her instead of the rogue. She looked at me and the human. "Bring her over," Tristan growled. I nodded, taking the nameless human into my arms and flashing to them. I gently lowered her to the grass. Tavia jumped from the rogue just as Tristan's blade made contact with the rogue's throat. He convulsed, silently screaming as smoke rose from the wound. There's a small pond in the backyard, Tavia silently said and streaked away. I'll be back. "What is your name, hmm?" Tristan asked the rogue. "She was willing was she?" A soaking wet Tavia was back at my side a few seconds later. She purred and rubbed against the unfortunate human. She wasn't a willing turner, was she? I shook my head at her. When is she going to wake up? I looked up at the sky. Fifteen minutes when night falls, I silently replied. I never saw a turning before. How do I know when she'll wake up? I smirked. Oh, trust me, you'll know. It's like getting an electric shock to your nervous system. Well, that's what it feels like to me. Tavia nodded. I laughed as she pointed a metaphorical finger at Tristan. He growled. I'm going to say this now, she silently hissed at him. So you don't get the wrong idea in that clouded brain of yours. And Ari can back me up when I say this. She put a paw on the human's stomach. If I kill her, it will be in self defense. Self, defense, got it? I smirked. If she wakes up snapping and trying to kill me, I'm going to defend myself. And oh, are you done playing with him? She asked, glaring at the rogue. You promised me I can kill him. "Such a bloodthirsty creature," Tristan drawled. Look whose talking, she hissed and jumped on the rogue as he nodded. Tristan walked over to me and peered down at the human. He groaned and crouched over the human.
"You're not going to kill her, are you?" I asked and gasped as a burning pain hit me. "What the hell?" Tristan grunted, and I groaned as the pain slowly subsided.
"I'm sorry," he rasped.
I shuddered and moaned. "Holy damn, I'm never letting you out in daylight again." I reached up and smacked him just as my phone went off. "Oh look what you've done," I groaned, pulling the phone out and answering. "I'm fine," I said before Alexander could say anything. "I'm fine," I repeated. Alexander sighed through the phone and my head. "Really, I am."
"That definitely didn't feel fine to me," he said.
I sighed. "It was Tristan. It was his pain you felt."
"Oh," he said in surprised. "Is he okay?"
I held back a smile. "Why sire, is that a hint of worry I detect?" I asked sweetly. "If I remember correctly, you were afraid of him when you two met in the Council chamber."
"Hey," he said defensively. "How did you feel when you first met him, huh?"
"Okay, you have a point," I muttered.
"That's what I thought, Stanton." I felt Tristan's amused gaze on me, and I again reached up to smack him, but this time, his hand shot out and grabbed hold of my wrist. I yelped and stared at his blistering skin. "Ari?" Alexander growled.
"It's not me," I said quickly. I glared at the sky. It was five minutes to nightfall, and it couldn't get here fast enough. I sent him a glimpse of what I was seeing through the sire bond, and he sucked in a sharp breath, letting it out in a long stream of curses. I pulled my hand from Tristan and got up, walking over to the bloody pulp of the rogue a short distance away. "Wow," I said, whistling and now wishing I was paying attention to Tavia as she went to town with him.
"Did she separate the head?" Tristan asked from behind me. I sure did, Tavia mentally said to us. She rounded the corner and over to us. She was a very, very happy, happy cat. See? She asked, pawing through the bloody mess. You can't tell what body part is what. I even crushed the heart for good measure. She continued to paw the ground. It's somewhere in here if you care enough to go through it.
"Do I want to know what's going on?" Alexander asked, reminding me that I was still on the phone with him. Tristan shook his head at me.
"Nope," I said. "You don't want to know." He sighed. "Hey look, I'll talk to you later."
"Alright," said Alexander. "If you need anything, promise you will call."
"I promise."
"Bye now."
"Bye," I said and ended the call, dropping the phone back in my pocket. Tristan held his hand out to me, and I took it, wincing. He tossed a fireball at the bloody mess, and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-six

Reappearing inside Alyssa's apartment, Tristan let out a huge sigh of relief, dropping his hand from me. He walked into the kitchen and to the refrigerator, the transitioning human in his arms. "I'm stealing your sister's blood," he said to Leo. I went over to the couch and slowly sat. Leo eyed the cat suspiciously.
"That's Tavia," I said. "She's a lycanthrope."
"A what now?" he asked in confusion. Tell him shifter, she mentally said to me.
"A shifter."
"Oh." I heard a squeaking of a wheelchair, and I looked up to find Brianna wheeling herself to the wall and unbuckling herself.
"Mmm," said Tristan. "Here they come."
"Who's they?" Brianna asked, pushing herself from her chair and falling to the floor. "Ow," she grumbled at the carpet.
"Jane and Alyssa." And on cue, the door crashed open. I winced.
"Damn it!" Alyssa yelled.
"We're alive," Brianna grumbled.
"What are you doing on the floor?" Jane asked, flopping down on the floor beside her.
"I fell," she muttered.
"I know that," Jane huffed.
"I don't feel like getting up. It takes up too much energy."
"Tristan?" I called.
"Hmm?" he said, appearing in the archway.
I pointed to the human. "Can I sire her?"
"You," he said slowly. "Want to sire her?"
"Doesn't the child like inherit whatever from sire? Like a? genetic code or something. Isn't that why you re-sired Kira?"
"Ah," he said thoughtfully. "Yes, but you have not sired a child before, have you?" I could tell he was doing a mental trip in his head. He walked over and lowered himself onto the couch beside me, his head constantly twitching as he forced himself not to stare at the bloody human in his arms. It looked like he suddenly developed a case of the Tourette syndrome.
"No," I said carefully. "I have not sired a child before." I peered closely at the human and frowned. I inhaled deeply and groaned.
"What?"
"You don't notice anything about her blood?"
Tristan narrowed his eyes on me. "I've been holding my breath, so I don't accidentally eat her."
"Oh, right." I looked at him. "So, can I?"
"Are you sure? It's like raising a newborn."
I nodded. "I know I'll have to teach her everything about her new life and all that."
"You know that, but are you prepare for it?"
"I'll have to be won't I?"
"Indeed." I looked around. Leo, Jane, Alyssa were all still, and Brianna was still on the floor. They were wrapped in attention, listening to every word like it was the most interesting story in the world. Oh and let's not forget the cat sitting by the front door. Tristan handed the human to me, and I took her into my arms. "Do it quick, she'll wake in sixty seconds or less." I stared blankly at him. "Drain her completely of what's left of her blood. Make sure there's no drop left in her and then feed her your own." I nodded, and quick as lightning, I bared my fangs and struck, deep and hard. "Hold her," he growled. "She'll fight you and not with the strength of a human either." And at that, I choked as the human elbowed me, hard. Ow, I silently groaned and took her to the floor. I grunted, pinning her. I gasped when she kneed me in so the wrong place. I withdrew my fangs and coughed, quickly licking up the blood before it could hit the floor. Alyssa flashed to me and added her strength to mine.
"Thanks," I growled and struck the human's carotid for the second time. I could feel Tristan looming over us.
"They are freakishly strong at this stage, panic educed," he growled. I mentally nodded. After a moment, the human slowly went limp. I silently sighed in relief. That didn't last long however as I all of a sudden was bombarded with images of the human's life, her past, and things I could live without knowing. I gasped and pulled back, inwardly shuddering. Tristan dropped his hand from the back of my head. I didn't even notice he was holding my head in place, preventing me from pulling back sooner.
"I really didn't need to see the x-rated part of her life, did I?" I squeaked. "Damn, I'm scarred for eternity." He chuckled and took the human from me.
"Mind your manners, sweetheart. We have innocent ears listening in." I snorted. He hauled me back up onto the couch. I yelped as he ripped my wrist open with a blade. He pressed it over the human's parted mouth. I held back another yelp as she all of a sudden came to life, her hands flying up and knocking Tristan's hand out of the way to grip my own in a vice-like grip. I grunted as she continued to gnaw at my wrist, fangs not yet forcing their way free from her gum.
"Ow!" I yelped a few seconds later as sharp fangs stabbed deep into my wrist.
"Here," Leo said nervously, holding out a blood bag to me. I snatched it from him and ripped it open, quickly draining it. "I'll ah, grab some more," he said and disappeared into the kitchen. Tristan groaned, tugging the empty bag out of my hand. Leo handed me another bag, and I ripped into it like it was a lifesaver. I don't know how long this went on for, but a grunt and a pained gasp snapped me back to reality.
"Ow!" a sprawled-out Corinne exclaimed. I pulled my arm from the human who was now once again unconscious. Corinne got up and came over to us, taking the human from Tristan, or trying to at least. "Sire," she said slowly. "You're squeezing the living shit out of her." I looked at him and yep, he was. I put my hand on his arm and rubbed gently.
"Let go," I said softly. "Give." I grimaced. "My child to yours." I almost smacked him as his lips twitched, trying not to laugh. Shit, forgive me if I'm a little rusty in parenthood. Tristan's hand closed around my wrist, letting Corinne take the human from him. The moment she had the human, he yanked me to him. I grunted and sighed at the cool contact of his body. He nuzzled my hair and inhaled slowly.
"Sire," said Corinne.
"Mmm," Tristan replied, sounding very bored.
"She won't attack me when she wakes up, will she?"
"Each person is different, my dear."
"Should I get my sisters and Leo out of here?" Alyssa asked.
"Just into another room is fine," he muttered into my hair. I poked him, and he grunted.
"Are you okay?" I asked. He was holding me a little too tightly for my comfort.
"No," he growled. "I want to drain every single person in this apartment." I tried to move away from him, but the only thing I could move was my right hand, and how useful was that? I grunted when he tightened his hold on me. "Tell me you got the name of your child."
"Er," I said thoughtfully, taking a mental trip down memory lane. "I did," I said a minute later.
"Call her." I glared at his chest. He chuckled, and I shuddered as he threaded his fingers into my hair, pulling back and forcing me to look at him. "Call her out loud and mentally."
"Um? okay?" A relieved look crossed his face as someone else teleported in.
"Ari," Casiar said tightly. I stiffened. "I'm very, very sorry for this."
"What?" I asked. Tristan dropped his arms from me, and someone grabbed me from behind. "What's going on?"
"Please forgive me."
"What are you doing?" I practically shouted, my gut screaming that something bad was about to happened. Casiar appeared beside Tristan, and a pained look crossed his face. Someone pulled me farther away from Tristan and spun me around just as Casiar stabbed him in the neck with the god damn silver blade. I screamed along with Tristan, both in outrage and feeling everything he was feeling. Jailyn grunted as I struggled violently in her arms. I coughed as the smell of death magic filled the air, giving her a split second of an opening to throw me to the floor. I knew Casiar didn't have any plans to kill Tristan, but god damn it, I was going to kill anyone that hurt him. Jailyn cursed as my fangs stabbed deep into her arm. She bashed my head against the floor, and I was seeing stars. She groaned in pain as I sent her flying and crashing into the wall. She got up and grabbed me, so fast I didn't have time to look back at Tristan who was by the way still screaming. Snarling, I pushed her away from me. The window shattered as she made impact with it.
"You broke my window!" Alyssa shouted from somewhere. "Again!" Jailyn and I met in midair. She tackled me, and we crashed to the floor, limbs entangled.
"Just a few more seconds," she snarled in my ear. I growled, cursing at her. I gritted my teeth and pushed her off of me. I grabbed her and sent her headfirst into the wall, hard enough to knock her out and go flying into the next room. There was a blur of movement, and I gasped as Casiar grabbed me and the stinging pain of magic clinging to him raced up my arm.
"It's done," he growled, spinning me around to face him. He dodged my kick, and everything blurred as he moved, slamming me up against a wall that was still intact.
"Ow. Ow. Ow," Jailyn groaned. "Ow."
"Stop," Casiar growled.
"You hurt him," I snarled, panting.
He sighed. "Yes, I did." He put a hand under my chin, lifting my eyes to his creepy ass unblinking ones. "Think, Ari, think. He is stronger, faster, and even more unpredictable. Nothing can hold him, no chains, no handcuffs, no mind, no wind, no water, and no ice magic. Maybe fire, but that would hurt him a whole lot more than what I've done. Tell me, would you rather have him go on a killing spree in town? Or would you rather he not."
"I rather he not," I muttered.
"I assure you, my intention wasn't to hurt him, only to help." I nodded, all of the anger draining from me. He did have a point after all. Fuck him to the deepest parts of hell. He smiled, and I glared at him. He cautiously pulled his hands from me, and when I didn't try to hit him or kick him, he stepped aside.
"What did you do to him?" I grumbled.
"Come, see for yourself." That, Tavia mentally said. I glanced around at her. I totally forgot she was there. Is creepy, she finished. Taking a deep breath, I looked over to Tristan who was? being held in place by? shadows? I walked over and frowned at it. "It will drain him of energy," Casiar said from behind me. "He is aware of everything around him, but he cannot move or speak, mentally or otherwise."
"Don't touch it," Jailyn warned. "Or zap, down you go."
I nodded. "How long will that hold?" I asked slowly.
"Until I dispel it," said Casiar.
"And you know when to do it?"
"Yes, I can feel him being drained. So can you, but I prefer it if you don't tap into him. You will be out in a heartbeat."
"Oh lovely," I said and shuddered. "Why did you use the silver blade on him?"
"Because I needed him not to heal. And I used his blood, because if I used my own, he could have broken the magic binding him."
"Okay?"
He chuckled. "The stronger a vampire is, or anyone for that matter, the more potent the blood will be, making the magic stronger."
"Er? if you say so?"
He grunted. "I do say so. Now come, you have a child to awaken, do you not? And trust me, Tristan will be fine." Trust him? Hmm. He put a hand on my shoulder, leading me into a bedroom. "You don't trust me? I am deeply offended."
I smirked. "I didn't say that." Jailyn laughed, and Casiar tapped the side of my head. "I didn't think it either."
"You might as well have," he said in amusement.
I sat on the bed and looked up at him. "I'll reinstate my trust in you after that magic is gone," I said and shuddered.
He smiled evilly. "We have a deal."
"Are you staying? Or are you disappearing again?" Smirking, he teleported into thin air. "Oh come on!" I exclaimed. His creepy ass laugh whispered through my mind, causing chills to skitter up and down my spine. Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it, he mentally whispered and was gone. I looked toward Jailyn, lingering in the doorway. "Don't you find him irritating?" I asked her.
She smirked. "Don't you find Tristan irritating?" she shot back and inclined her head. "Oh shit," she said. "Oops, we have caught the attention of the LAPD." She glanced around her. "I will be back," she said and disappeared down the hall. I heard the opening and closing of the front door. I sighed and turned to the now cleaned human in the bed and in fresh clothes.
"Corinne's doing," said Alyssa.
I nodded. "Thanks," I said sincerely.
"It was no problem," said Corinne.
I looked around the room. "Where are Leo, Brianna, and Jane?"
"I decided it's safer for them to not be here," said Alyssa. "So Corinne teleported them home."
"Good thinking," I said and smirked. "How do you get your supply of blood bags?" I asked Alyssa.
"I signed up for the weekly twenty bags delivery thing."
"Ah, from tronisinc.com?"
"Yep, and you guys killed my stash."
I grimaced. "Sorry about that."
"I'll take care of that," Jailyn said, reappearing in the doorway. She pointed to the human er? vampire beside me. "Are you waiting for a miracle to happen? I'm dying to meet her."
"Right," I muttered. I reached out and put a hand on the vampire's shoulder. With my other hand, I stroked her cold cheek. "Skyler," I gently called out loud and into her mind. "Time to wake up, sweetie." I looked toward Jailyn. "How many times do I have to call her?"
She shrugged. "Everyone is different."
"Skyler," I sang. "Wake up."
"Skyler hmm? That's a pretty name."
"I agree, totally better than Ariella." I shuddered.
"I disagree with you on that. Your name has a nice ring to it."
I shrugged. "How about we agree to disagree?"
She grunted. "Is that why everybody calls you Ari? Or Stanton? Or Ariella Stanton?"
I shrugged again. "Ari is short for Ariella so yeah." I stopped my stroking and pointed a finger at her. "As long," I warned. "As no one, and I mean, no one, calls me Ella. Got it?"
Jailyn put a hand up in defense. "I got you loud and clear," she said, smirking. "Loud and clear as a bell, Stanton."
"Good," I said and turned my attention back to Skyler. I rested a hand on her forehead. "Skyler," I called. "Open your eyes for me." This time, I gave a gentle push, and I smiled, as her eyes, flew wide open in terror.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-seven

CASIAR

"Oh," I drawled, looking down at Tristan from the ceiling. "Someone is moody." I shrugged. "But when are you not moody?" Tristan's ravenous mind was like being pulled under by quicksand, and was kill one of the words swirling in there? Not good. I teleported and gasped as I slammed back into my own body with a jolt.
"About time," Riordan growled. He straightened and nodded to the black scaly demon being held in an invisible circle. "He can't shut up," he grumbled and stalked from the room.
"Elkeihrahlich," I hissed. "Have you been giving my brother a hard time?" I stepped up to the circle and glared at the demon. "I don't like that. And do you know what happens to those I'm not happy with?" Elkeihrahlich backed as far from me as the circle would allow.
"I'm sorry, master," he hissed, forked tongue flicking out in agitation. "Forgive me, master. You see, I got a little excited."
"I can't imagine why," I drawled. "Do you have a name for me, Elkeihrahlich?"
"Yes, yes master."
"Tell me, and I may forgive you for your mishaps. What name did you pull out from our little vampire friend, hmm?"
"He didn't want to cooperate, master." A fiery rope shot from my hand and whipped around the demon's neck like a noose. "Wait, wait," he screeched as I tightened my hold. "Jordana, the name is Jordana," he hissed.
"And who is this? Jordana?" I asked, as cold realization hit me. It can't be, I thought.
"A broken vampire."
"Broken?"
"She can't get out."
"You need to be more specific than that."
"In the mind." To make his point, he tapped a talon against his forehead. I almost laughed. "Jordana Leivlend." At that, I sucked in a sharp breath. It felt like I've been hit over the head with a vampire equivalent of a crowbar.
I smiled. "Show me what she looks like, and you are free."
"Yes, master." Taking in a deep breath, I dove into the mind of a fucking demon. Blessedly, all I saw was an image of a bloodied, bruised, insane-looking young vampire. Fuck, I thought and grimaced. "That's what I found in Victor's, master."
I pulled out and nodded. "You've done well," I said and released him of the fiery noose. "One last thing. Where can I find Jordana Leivlend?"
"I don't know, master."
I sighed. "Go now, and the next time I summon you, Elkeihrahlich, you do better to answer the call immediately. Is that clear?"
"Yes, master." And with that, he disappeared in a blinding flash of fire and sulfurous odor.
Trying very hard not to gag or cough, I turned and flashed from the room, up the stairs, and into my living room to find Riordan on his cell talking to? I zeroed in on whoever was on the other line. He glared at me and teleported away. I shrugged and teleported myself to Alyssa's apartment. "Mmm," said Jailyn. "You smell like? sulfur."
"Very descriptive," I said and glanced at Tavia who was now pacing back and forth in front of Tristan instead of sitting by the front door. She stopped and sat, looking up at me. I zeroed in on Tristan's thoughts and smiled. Did I annoy him? She silently asked. Tell me I annoyed him. "Oh, you did, Very much so." She purred and stalked into the hallway. Stupid cat, I silently muttered. "What did you do?" I asked. Oh, you know, I talked his ears off. I've been wanting to do that for years now. I mean years. Him not being able to move or speak or growl at me was such a total plus. "I bet it was," I drawled and moved to stand over Tristan just as Riordan appeared beside me holding a bin containing what I knew to be bags and bags of blood. He popped the top off, and I could've sworn I saw Tristan drooling? or was that just my imagination? I ripped my wrist open with my fangs and stuck my hand into the swirling mass of darkness, grunting as it slowly unraveled itself with a burning, irritating slowness. When it was done, I snatched a blood bag from the bin and slapped a hand to Tristan's chest, pushing him back onto the couch. Weak as he was, he couldn't do much to fight me as I put the cold bag to his mouth. Growling, he snapped at the bag, and thanks the devil that the blood spurted into his mouth instead of the other way around. I tug the empty bag from him and dropped it onto the amazingly still standing and intact coffee table. Riordan dropped the bin onto Tristan's lap and smirked.
"Have at it," he said dryly.
"Wow," said Ari. "How many blood banks did you rob?"
"Zero."
"Really?" she asked, walking over to us and grabbing the bin, dropping down beside Tristan who looked about ready to drop into a dead sleep for a century. I would've thought he was asleep if he wasn't growling under his breath.
"You left your child unattended?" I asked her.
"It won't be for long, and besides, Jailyn is with her."
I shrugged and pointed to the bin. "Feed him nine more bags, and then he needs vampire blood. At that point, he'll be sane enough to hunt for fresh human blood himself without killing." Ari nodded as I turned and walked down the short hallway. "Four pints of vampire blood," I called back to her as I entered Alyssa's room. The vampire, Skyler, looked up, and I automatically turned my head before I could meet her eyes. Pulling out my sunglasses, I slipped them on and lowered myself onto the small bed. I looked toward Alyssa; her hunger along with Skyler's beating at me, unrelenting. "Alyssa," I said. She shivered and glanced at me. I smiled. "Ari has blood if you like some." She nodded and flashed from the room, almost smacking into Riordan on her way out.
"Hungry much, are we?" Riordan muttered as he entered.
"Who are you people?" Skyler whispered. "This is all a dream," she muttered.
I turned to her and smiled, as friendly as I could and held out my hand. "I'm Casiar." I nodded to Riordan standing in the corner of the room. "That is my brother, Riordan. And the redhead over by the window is Corinne." I took her cool hand in mine and shook it briefly.
"Am I really a vampire? I won't be able to-" I put up a hand, cutting her off.
"Don't," I warned. "Give me that shit where you can't see yourself in the mirror, explode at the sign of a cross, or sparkle when out in the sunlight."
"Sorry, I don't have anything else to base it on," she muttered.
"He's not helping," Corinne huffed and flashed over. I got up before she could shove me off the bed. There was a ripple in the air, and I mentally blinked as a naked, soaking wet Kira appeared beside the bed. She screeched and hit the floor, curling into herself the best she could, her drenched blond hair covering her face.
"I'm," she growled. "Going to kill you," she shrieked. I winced and glared at Corinne who had a mortified, shocked look on her face, and she was on the verge of laughing.
"Sorry?" Corinne squeaked.
"I am going to murder you," she screeched.
"Admit it," Riordan said, chuckling. "It was kind of funny."
"It's? it's? it's embarrassing!" she spluttered.
"What did we miss?" Ari said cheerfully. "Oh!" she exclaimed as she saw Kira. "Well, this is ah? interesting." Biting her lip to keep from laughing, Corinne turned to Skyler who was trying very hard not to smile, and failing.
"Skyler," she said and waved her hand at Kira. "This is Kira."
"Skyler?" Kira asked and glanced up. "God damn it, Cor! What am I? A fucking nudist?"
"I said I was sorry."
"Don't you know how to peek into somebody's head to check if she." She pointed to herself. "Is say, in the middle of showering?"
"I'm sorry," Corinne repeated, taking a deep breath to keep from laughing. "I'm sorry, okay?"
"I'll never forgive you for this," Kira groaned. "Tristan, do you have something sharp on you?" she asked, glancing toward the door where he was standing with Ari and Jailyn. Alyssa squeezed herself into the room and threw a towel at her. Kira caught it and wrapped herself in it before getting to her feet.
"I er? would offer you something to wear," said Alyssa. "But you're taller than me so that won't work." Kira yelped as a pile of clothes fell on top of her head. She grabbed them before they could fall to the floor. "Across the hall," Alyssa said helpfully. Kira shot Corinne another glare and stomped from the room.
"I'm sorry," Corinne annunciated to Tristan. "I didn't think it would work."
"Now you do," he growled. "But I suggest you not get into the habit of teleporting someone to you, or somewhere else for the time being."
Corinne put a gentle hand on Skyler, stopping her from scooting off the bed. "I understand, sire." The air was so charged; it clung to me like claws digging into skin. Ari stepped into the room and toward Skyler. I nodded to Tristan. He blinked and straightened, telling me he was semi-here and semi-in murder land. He hadn't gone out to hunt for fresh blood yet. I'll go with you, I mentally said to him. He nodded and disappeared down the hall, and I flashed after him.
Outside, I took off my sunglasses, shoving them back into my pocket. Tristan relaxed, if only the slightest. We started on a slow walk down the sidewalk, taking in everything around us, the cars, and the sounds of television, sex, children crying or complaining, and? the smell of a rogue fresh from his recent kill. His fear slammed into me, and I smiled. "I call dibs on the heart," I said just as Tristan's hand shot out and grabbed the rogue from behind, dragging him deeper into the shadows. I stepped up to them. Reading my every thought, Tristan paused, fangs an inch from the rogue's juicy artery. I turned the rogue's head until it was at a weird angle, to the point of snapping.
"Necromancer," he gasped out as Tristan's aura squeeze the ever-living breath from him. It was a good thing, because it prevented him from outright screaming, giving away to the humans that something was wrong. I leaned in close and smirked.
"How do you know what I am?" I asked slowly.
"You're not just a necromancer," he continued, as if I hadn't asked him a question.
I bared my fangs and slowly let a tendril of shadow slip into him. "I asked you a question, rogue," I hissed, my free hand that was controlling the shadow slowly inching closer and closer the longer he stalled. I looked at Tristan. "Can you draw blood without drinking?" He shuddered before quickly sinking his fangs into the rogue's neck and withdrawing. He straightened, but kept his hold as I lifted my hand to the bleeding wound. Tristan grunted, moving to stand behind the rogue. The moment the tendril of shadow found blood, it suddenly pulsed, as if coming to life. I smirked. "Since you haven't answered my question as of yet. I'm going to make you? very useful." Wait, I'll tell you anything, the rogue mentally shouted. I let go of him and straightened up, shrugging. "Oh it's too late for that now." I punched my hand into his chest and ripped out his still beating heart. The pulsing shadow continued to grow as it found more blood. Tristan released the rogue and winced as the screams grew louder in our heads. I groaned and brought the dripping heart to my mouth and squeezed it, letting the blood down my throat. I watched in amusement as Tristan expression switched back and forth between disgust and pure hunger. Disgust finally won out, as I slowly nibbled on the heart. Hey, it tasted like chicken so do forgive me if I enjoyed it a little too much. I stopped nibbling as the shadow finally shaped itself into a humanoid form, retaining the rogue's memory, but no longer in control of its own will. The empty shell of what used to be the rogue fell to the ground. Tristan stepped back and promptly tossed a fireball at it, turning it into ash in less than twenty seconds. "Name," I said to the shadow.
"He doesn't know who Jordana Leivlend is," Tristan growled at me, his expression going neutral. Yep, I thought bitterly. Jordana Leivlend was not a stranger. Sven was going to have a vampire's version of an aneurism, and I was not going to stick around to see it. I nodded and ripped off a chunk of the heart and started chewing.
"Wipe his memory for me? Sad to say it, but you are better than me in that department." He stepped up to the shadow and stared intently at it. The air hummed and crackled around me. A few seconds later, Tristan stepped back and nodded, his eyes going to the half eaten bloody heart in my hand. I smirked. "Would you like some?" I asked. "I'm willing to share." He growled something unintelligible and turned from me. I chuckled and finished off the heart. Sighing, I turned my attention to the shadow. "You," I said to it. "Are Aaron Kemphlar." I wiped my bloody hand on a napkin I kept in my pocket, and then I set it on fire. "You will become him, and you will find him." There was a buzz in the air as Tristan transferred an image of Aaron into the shadow. A minute of waiting, and then an image popped into my head, showing me a whole lot of women in various stage of nakedness. Tristan and I groaned. It was an image now permanently burned into my brain for eternity. I again nodded to the shadow. "You will now fade into the streets of California, obtaining any information on Jordana Leivlend and Bradley Miller. When you are certain you've obtained what you can, you will go here." I showed it an image of the Council chamber. It nodded. "You will wait there and remained conceal from all eyes that aren't my own or him." I pointed to Tristan who still had his back turned to me. The shadow again nodded. "Go now." Without a hint of hesitation, it faded into the night.
"My offer still stands," I said to Tristan as we continued down street after street in search of any human out and about. I smirked when he didn't answer. "Still not interested in necromancy?" He shook his head. I chuckled. "Let me know when you change your mind," I said as my hand shot out and yanked him back against me. We both caught a scent in the air, and he was an inch from blacking out. Well, he would have, before the power transfer. He went rigid in my arms, stilling his breathing as a night jogger rounded the corner. I had no idea if he had a better handle on his self-control. Being as rigid as he was, I doubt it. The jogger abruptly stopped, his expression going blank as Tristan's compulsion hit him.
"Let go of me," he slowly growled. I released him, and he was on the jogger in a heartbeat. It took him a whole lot of effort to restrain from snapping at the human's throat, or ripping it out. I turned and stared off into the distance. I heard a vicious curse, a snarl, and my head swam as fresh blood filled the air. After a long moment, Tristan groaned and whispered to the human. I turned as the jogger, weak from blood loss, stumbled back the way he came. We watched, until he walked up his driveway several blocks away, got the door to open, slipped inside, and locked it. "Let's get the others and hit the club," Tristan said to me. I nodded, and we teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-eight

KIRA

"You are being serious?" I asked, not believing what I was hearing. I stared out the shattered window of Alyssa's apartment and scowled. "Are you sure he's there?"
"Are you questioning my method of information extraction?" Casiar asked dryly.
"No," I spluttered. "But club with naked girls and strip poles?"
"Are you in or not?"
I turned to everyone that was cramped in the small living room. "You are insane, if you think I'm going to sit on my ass and watch Spongebob while all of you are out having fun," I said warningly.
"I want in," Skyler finally said, and all eyes turned to her.
"No way," said Ari. "No fucking way."
"I'm in too," said Alyssa.
"No!" Tristan, Casiar, Ari, and Jailyn all said in unison.
I winced. "They can be on alert for anything at the Council," I suggested. This argument had been going on for six minutes, twenty-three seconds, and counting.
"How about it?" Jailyn asked.
Alyssa sighed and finally nodded. "Fine, if rogues come knocking, Skyler and I, and whoever is staying behind are going to kick some asses."
Tristan narrowed his eyes on her. "Tell Peyton not to set the building on fire, will you?"
She laughed. "Don't worry. I'll pass on the message." Before I could so much as even blink, everything went dark.
We appeared about a block or two away from the club. I whistled under my breath as the night rippled, and Loria, Jetrae, Jayr, Isabelle, Tory, Sven, Iris, Vaelin, Ian, Eric, James, and every vampire I ever met stepped from the shadows. And amongst the crowd were Brulia and some of the witches I didn't know. "Wow," I muttered.
"A little overwhelming, isn't it?" Elijah asked from behind me.
I shuddered. "Are we going to level this club to the ground?"
"No, but it's good to be prepared for anything." He ruffled my hair. "Time to put those hunter skills to good use, kiddo." I nodded and walked over to Tristan and Brulia. I slapped his arm, and he looked down at me. I glanced between the two of them. I squeezed his arm and frowned at the witch.
"Sorry," I said. "Had to come over. I heard her muttering some limerick, mumble jumble, mimble wimble."
"Hey, hey," Brulia said, putting up her hands. "I wasn't going to hurt him, I swear."
"Like you did last time?"
"I was protecting myself," she muttered.
"Okay fine, but what are you doing now?"
"I'm doing a spell to protect him from light."
I blinked at her. "Really?"
She nodded. "It's only temporary though."
I glanced at Tristan who was still looking down at me. "What?"
He chuckled. "Shouldn't it be the other way around?" I hit him, or tried to. His cool hand caught my own in his. "Save your energy for those who need hitting, hmm?"
I smirked. "Like you?" I asked as he forced my arm back down to my side. He stiffened, and I yelped as something cold touched the back of my neck.
"Are you missing something?" Sven growled in my ear. The cold disappeared as I slowly turned to face him. He straightened and smirked.
"You asshole," I hissed. He held a silver blade out to me. "Oh my god," I screeched.
"Relax, Conoleki. I didn't put the blade anywhere near you or on you. If I had, you wouldn't be standing, let alone talking." I let out a slow breath. "You'd be too busy shrieking your head off." I nodded and carefully took the deadly blade from him. "Remember, watch your fingers. No skin contact with that thing." He handed me the rest of my sheathed weapons, and I quickly strapped them on. "And Brulia, if you cause my sire an ounce of pain, I will have your delicious blood."
"Are you threatening me, hunter?" Brulia asked, glaring at him.
"I am, sweetness."
Tristan sighed. "That is enough, children." he said.
"But," I said, turning back to him. "How do you know that she won't?? I don't know, blast you into smithereens?"
He leaned down, putting a hand on my shoulder. "Have you forgotten I can hear her every thought?" he whispered in my ear, low enough for only me to hear. "And she told me about this a few nights ago." I opened my mouth to speak, but he stuck a finger in, pushing down on my tongue. I winced. "Yes, sweetheart, it works." I snapped my mouth shut, and he pulled his finger out.
"Fine," I said reluctantly. He sighed and nuzzled my neck. "If you bite me, I'm going to kick you where it hurts," I warned.
"Mmm," he said thoughtfully. "That would make Ari very, very sad." I laughed and punched him. "Ow," he said, straightening and dropping his hand from me. I snorted and looked around, knowing full well that my punch didn't affect him at all. I looked at Sven, pouting.
"Come on," he said, sighing. He reached out and took hold of my upper arm, leading me to Cole, Brynna, Iris, and Liana.
I stuck two fingers into my mouth and whistled, loud. I looked around again and frowned. Of course, the club had to be in the middle of a shitty ass part of town. The surrounding buildings looked like it was about to collapse at any moment. The stop sign and the light pole looked unstable as hell, one poke of my finger, I was afraid the light pole was going to knock out a power line or something. The air reeked of piss, vomit, nicotine, rust, dog shit, month's old garbage, sex, and god knows what else. I didn't even want to think about it. Just standing in the middle of it was already bad. I didn't think I had a strong enough of a gag reflex against it. "Let me guess," I said. "I'm going in?"
"Hell yeah you are," Brynna said cheerfully. "And before you decide to gut stab me, you are least likely to kill Aaron if you find him." She grinned evilly. "Trust me; you don't want me going after him, because everybody here knows I'd kill him right where he stands." She smirked. "Besides, if you go, I'll give you chocolate."
"Brynna," Elijah growled.
"What? I was being serious." My mouth watered, and I held back a groaned. What would I give for a chocolate bar?
"Let's get a move on," Tristan growled from a short distance away.
Brynna arched an eyebrow at me. "You heard your sire," she said, flipping one of her blades into the air. "Get going," she sang as I turned and headed for the club. My spine tingled as eyes tracked my every move.
I walked up to the bouncer and smiled sweetly at him. Yeah, I was in all black, and not the clubbing type. I looked more threatening than a girl out for some fun at a club. The bouncer glared down at me. My smile widened. "I'm not here to cause trouble," I said before he could turn me away. He saw the weapons on me, and I grimaced. I mentally sighed in relief when his eyes met mine. I quickly rolled him. "I showed you my ID card, and you allowed me entrance." He nodded and stepped aside, pulling the door open for me. "Thank you," I said and taking a slow deep breath, I entered the stuffy, hot, flashy club. I blinked at the pink on purple dcor. My compulsion washed over the rest of the clubbers. No one looked my way as I squeezed myself into the mass of naked, gyrating humans, through a door and into a dark hallway. I looked left and right, debating which way to go. Grimacing, I inhaled deeply. My head snapped to the left as I caught Aaron's scent in the air. Smirking, and keeping to the shadows, I made my way down red carpet, posters of nude women lining up each side of the hall. I scowled at some of them. Come on, seriously? I cocked my head to the side as I heard voices. Stopping at the door at the end of the hall, I listened. "Yes sir," Aaron said into his phone. I zeroed in on the caller at the other end of the line.
"How many did you make?" a male voice asked impatiently.
"Three, sir."
"One short of what I wanted, but three will do."
"Where would you like me to drop it off?"
"I'll text you the location," the caller said and hung up. I glanced around and spotted an exit door. It was lit up in red, bright enough to make my eyes water. I walked toward it and pushed it open, stepping back outside. Did you get that? I mentally asked. Yes, I did, Tristan mentally hissed back at me. And that was Bradley Miller he was talking to. Really? According to Trynnadon. I mentally nodded. What do you want me to do? Tristan's sigh rippled in my head. Follow him. I nodded and slipped into the shadows just as Aaron came out of the exit door. I frowned at him. His eyes were glazed over, like he was under a compulsion, and it sure wasn't me that compelled him. I heard a growl in my head, as I followed Aaron from a distance. He got in his car, and after looking around, he slowly pulled out from behind the dumpster. I slipped from shadows to shadows, my whole body crawling from so many vampires following me. It was unnerving. My sire caught up to me, and I glanced at him questioningly.
"Are you sure Alyssa and them are going to stay put?" I asked as we blurred after the car.
"I know they're following us," he said dryly.
I blinked. "Right now?"
"Yes." His hand landed on my back, not allowing me to pause in surprise.
"So no one is at the Council building?"
"Besides the human staff? No."
"Skyler?"
"Mmm, yes, she is with them as well."
"But she's going to get herself killed," I said, as he applied more pressure on my back to keep me moving.
"I will have Alyssa's pretty little neck for that if anything happens."
I shuddered. "But she can't watch Skyler and do whatever it is she's here to do."
"Oh, she is not the only responsible one for her." I gulped. "Then again, they don't know that I know, do they?" I shook my head. "So in that case, we'll see."
We finally slowed to a walk as the car came to a stop in front of a rundown building. Of course, it was in the middle of nowhere. The four-story building was painted red. But from all the grime and graffiti's and what not, it might as well be grey. Some of the windows were boarded up, and some were broken in from the outside, or had cracks in them. The shingles on the slanted roof looked like it was about to fall to the ground at any second, and the door was barely hanging on its hinges. Tristan's hand on my back moved to my shoulder, bringing me to a stop by a bunch of precarious-looking crates, stacked on top of each other so high I was afraid one of them was going to fall on my head, or all of them. I took a sniff of the air and choked, which was abruptly cut off as I began to cough. Holy shit, there were a lot of rogues around. It was either that, or this bunch of vampires didn't care about smelling clean. Given the fact that there were over twenty rogues around, and Aaron getting out of his car, and the fact I caught him talking to Bradley, I was a hundred percent sure that these were rogues and not vampires living amongst the homeless. I think I've lost my appetite, I gasped. Only, it didn't come out of my mouth. I was still silenced as I continued to cough. Tristan turned me into him, and I buried my face in the hollow of his neck. Cool wind radiated from him and surrounded me. I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Is she already dying? The fun hasn't even begun yet," Ian whispered. I tilted my head to glare at him. He only smirked. "Next time, take a cautious sniff, sis. Then you probably won't die of coughing fits."
I flipped him off. "Shut up," I said under my breath. Tristan slowly straightened, probably waiting to see if I was going to have another coughing fit. When I didn't, he straightened to his full height, glancing around. I turned back to the crates and scowled. Tingles shot down my spine as Tristan gave me a gentle push. I walked to the back of the building. Back here, the door looked in better shape than the front. I stopped, realizing that no one was following me. Well, only one followed me. I turned and scowled into the shadows. Sven stepped from the darkness and flashed over to me. "Are we supposed to go in?" I whispered, low enough for only him to hear. Yes, he silently said to me. I blinked. Mental communication only, he silently drawled. Other vampires can pick up on our mental conversation. His eyes narrowed on me. Did you all of a sudden have amnesia? No? Have you forgotten who our sire is? He asked, disbelievingly. Oh, right. I silently muttered and mentally smacked myself. Focus! Tristan snarled in my head. Sven and I both winced. I turned back to the door and quietly opened it. Sven put a hand on my arm. I glanced up at him.
"Let me in first," he whispered in my ear, low enough for only me to hear. I nodded and stepped aside. He slipped inside, and after a second or two, he pulled the door open wider. I entered and looked around. More crates, I mentally groaned. Seriously? Cobwebs were everywhere, and the whole place was lit up with a single dimmed light bulb. The whole place reeked of dust, mildew, rotten shit, and rogues. Let's not forget rogues. There was another door off to my right. I glanced at it curiously. Are they staying out there? I mentally asked Sven. He nodded. Some of them are circling the area. I moved toward the door and listened. Hearing nothing, I slowly opened it just as two rogues came down the stairs. Oh shit, I thought and jerked back, not fast enough as pain exploded in my arm. Sven snarled and lunged, grabbing the rogue that stabbed me and promptly ripped off the head, sending fountain of blood to rain down on him. I glanced to my left and jerked the knife out of my shoulder, snarling.
"Well," I growled, my fangs extending to their full length. "Never mind about sneaking in." Sven took the second rogue apart, throwing the head at another rogue that came down the stairs. I flashed to her and stabbed the knife I pulled out of myself through her heart. I jerked it out and sliced her throat open. Screaming, she clawed at me. That is until her head suddenly popped off her shoulders. I looked around. "Let's move," Sven hissed. I ran up the stairs after him.
"Wait up," Tory said and flashed after us. I gasped as she poked me in the shoulder. "Your sire is pissed," she said to me.
"He's not the only one," Sven growled.
"He also says not to kill Aaron when we find him." Sven and I nodded. "He also says to keep Brynna away from him."
"I'll fucking kill that bitch ass of a cocksucker!" Brynna snarled just behind us. She passed us and kicked a snarling rogue across the hallway. She flashed after him and buried the knife to the hilt in his neck. "You're my shield," she hissed and bearhugged him and spun as another rogue threw what looked like a hammer at her. The hammer struck the shield in the chest, and she laughed, evilly. Still laughing, she dropped the rogue and stomped on his head, over and over until it was crushed to nothing but a bloody unrecognizable mess. "Oh Aaron," she sang, as she disappeared around the corner.
"Oh boy," I said and ducked a flying kick that came out from nowhere. I unsheathed two blades and ran after Brynna as Sven took care of the rogues. I could still hear her maniacal laughter from farther down the hall. "You're fucking insane!" I yelled at her.
"Fuck you!" she screeched. "If I find that idiot boy, I'm going to eat his insides!" she hissed.
"Brynnalae," I said and punched my hand into the warm chest cavity of a rogue, tearing out the heart and tossing it aside. I screeched as Brynna grabbed me and slammed me into the wall.
"Call me that again," she growled. "And I'll gut you, rip out your spine through your nose, yank your spleen out of your asshole and feed it to you," she hissed. "Got it?"
"Loud and clear," I squeaked.
"Good," she hissed and smiled, releasing me. "Now if you don't mind, I have a puny delicious human to find." She flashed away, leaving me shuddering and thinking twice about getting on her nerves while she was in battle mode. I took in a deep breath and launched myself at another rogue. Jetrae smirked at me. I ripped out the rogue's heart and crushed it in my hand before shoving it into his mouth and closing it.
"I saw that," Ari growled at me as she past, Jayr, Loria, Isabelle, and Tate right behind her. Oh fuck! Cole and Ian hissed in my head. They have witches! Look out for flying spells! Sven dropped down beside me and hauled me to my feet.
"This is going to be fun," he growled and sent a knife sailing over my head. A scream told me that he hit his target dead on. I! Tristan shouted and I gasped, clutching my head. Want! The human! Alive! Ow, I silently moaned. Ow, ow, ow, ow. Do not! Harm him! All the rogues that were in the air or in mid-lunge fell to the floor, writhing and groaning in pain. I thought my head was going to explode all over the hallway. Tristan's snarls were still ringing in my ears as we froze, momentarily stun. One of the rogues twitched, and the fight was back on, and in full force.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-nine

I felt a cold breeze as something went past my ear. I jerked away from Sven, only to have blinding pain consume me as a rogue hit me on the side of my head. Someone grabbed me and dragged me out of the way as Sven fell on the rogue. "My my, Kira," said Vaelin. "Luck is never on your side, is it?"
I groaned. "I'll be fine. Just give me a minute."
"We don't have a minute, sugar," she said and warm blood hit me as she stabbed a rogue that was trying to get to me. Still groaning, I clutched my head and waited for the dizziness to dissipate. When it finally did a few seconds later, I straightened and drove a blade into another rogue. She screamed as my knife penetrated her skull. With my other hand, I stabbed her throat. I kept at it until her head was no longer attached to her body.
"How many of them are there?" I growled and ran down the hall and up a flight of stairs. I kicked the door opened as it was swinging shut. I flashed through it and jumped on the closest rogue. My blade sank deep into his back. He screamed as I wrenched his head all the way around, my fingers digging deep into his flesh.
"Let me help you out," Taylor growled and pulled the head from the shoulders. I blinked up at her. She smiled. "There are more upstairs." I got off the body and jerked my blade out. Grabbing my second blade from the floor, I waved to Taylor and Jayr as I passed them. I wonder if any of the rogues made it outside, I thought, ducking and dodging and stabbing as I made my way up another flight of stairs.
"Conoleki!" Cole shouted. "Down!" I hit the dirty floor and rolled, barely missing the red light aiming directly for my back had I still been standing.
"Shit!" I yelled and flashed to my feet. "Who the hell threw a fucking spell at me?" Cole was a blur as he flashed down the hall and out the door. He grabbed hold of the black-hair chick with red highlights and snapped her neck. "Damn it you!" I growled at him.
"Be grateful I saved your pretty ass," he snapped. I huffed and spun away from him. "Where are you going?" he asked, as I blurred down the hall.
Blood surging through my veins like an adrenalin rush, I ran headfirst into the stomach of another rogue, flipping him over me. He screamed as he fell onto my blade I was holding out behind me. I dropped the now useless weapon, spinning around and stabbing my other blade into his chest and cutting out his heart. Yelping, I leapt away from a yellow light of a spell. I glared at the witch at the end of the hall. I ducked, as a purple light flew down from the other end of the hallway. "What's this?" Brulia asked dryly. I got out of their way, barely missing the blue light aiming for me. Shit, why so colorful, but yet so deadly? I silently grumbled and pressed myself against the wall. Brulia deflected the spell and threw her own spell at the other witch, who dodged out of the way. Brulia's spell blew a hole into the wall, and someone on the other side screamed before it cut off with a hiss. "You're fighting for the wrong team," Brulia said conversationally. The other witch threw up her hands, and another red ball flew from them. Brulia grunted, deflecting it. "Who do you take orders from these days? I know it's not from the Elders." The Elders? I thought. Who the hell were they? She walked down the hall and stopped in front of me. Brulia tossed another spell down the hall and smirked at me. The witch hissed, and I dodged as a green light exploded where I was standing a second ago. I snarled and flashed to the other witch. I slapped my hand over her mouth and grabbed her arm, spinning her around and slamming her face-first into a door. "Kira, move." I sidestepped and watched as another blue light flew from Brulia's hands. This time, it hit the witch, and I yelped, as blood poured from the witch's eyes, ears, nose, mouth, and what not. Brulia walked up to me, and I pouted at her. She looked at me, confused. "What?"
"I wanted her blood," I huffed.
"Oh," she said. "Oops, sorry." She pointed to the floor. "You can always get on your hands and knees and lick it up," she suggested.
"No thanks," I grumbled and sighed. "Elders?" I asked.
"Oh, the Elders are a group of witches who makes the rules for all of us. You know, just like the Council."
"Ah," I said. "Got it."
She nodded. "See you later I got more witches to kill."
I smirked. "Have fun," I said and hit the elevator. I shoved a rogue out of the elevator, a split second before it slid shut. Glaring at the panel, I punched the roof button. It was agonizingly slow as I waited for it to open. What felt like an eternity, but was probably only a few seconds, I stepped from the elevator and onto the roof of the building. I gaped, watching as icicles flew from Alyssa's hands to repeatedly spear the rogue she was fighting. He screamed, suddenly on fire. I glanced around to find Peyton, eyes orange and hands glowing. Alyssa dropped her hands and looked at me.
"Any suggestions?" she asked.
"For your water magic?" She nodded. "Freeze them solid and shatter them." I walked across the rooftop, keeping far away from the edge that slanted downward. "And Peyton, increase the temperature of the fire to kill him faster."
"Yes," Jailyn said from the elevator. "It will briefly turn white and then to blue. Though, he should be long dead before you reach that point." Peyton looked up at her. I didn't notice Jailyn had move until the rogue's head was suddenly not attached to his shoulders.
"Did you just slap his head off?" I asked dubiously. I glared as she pulled a Casiar on me. "Seriously?" I shouted, not caring who heard. "You people and your teleportation!"
Alyssa cleared her throat. "Um, Kira?" I looked at her. She pointed behind me.
"What?" I asked, suddenly getting the tingles at the back of my neck. Fingers closed on my shoulders and turned me around. I looked up and into Allia's eyes. My vision blurred before she blinked, and the compulsion lifted. I looked down, and she sighed.
"Your perception is dimming," she said dryly.
"You're beginning to sound like Tristan," I muttered.
She growled, and I almost took a step back. "Are you trying to get yourself killed?"
I shook my head. "No."
"Be on guard at all times," she hissed, dropping her hands from me.
"I will." She again growled and flashed to the edge of the roof, and jumping off of it. I turned and looked around.
"Jane?" I spluttered.
"What," Jane yelled, running over to me. I caught her as she jumped for me. I sheathed my surviving blade and walked to the edge of the roof, looking down. I scowled as I caught Ryah and Skyler. Oh fucking damn, I thought. Jane turned her head slightly to watch the battle down below.
"Can I bite your sister?" I asked her.
She looked at me, her eyes widening dramatically. "No," she squeaked. She yanked on my hair. I glanced at the bloody strands and grimaced. I was never going to get rid of the blood completely. "No biting," she growled, and I smiled at the cuteness of it.
"Okay, no biting," I said. "I promised.
She pointed to the ground. "Get me down." Alyssa was suddenly at my side. I smirked and passed Jane to her. She jumped from the roof just as the elevator opened. I unsheathed my blades and lunged for the four rogues. I stabbed two of them in their sides while the remaining two jumped on me. Shit, I thought and elbowed one in the gut. I jerked my blades out, sheathing one of them. I punched my hand through the chest of one and ripped out his heart. He dropped to the roof with a loud thud. One of the rogues behind me grabbed my blade arm and snapped my wrist. I let out a pained snarl and threw them off of me. I swept my leg out and tripped one of the rogues, causing him to fall into his friend behind him. A little help here? I mentally shouted. On the roof. I groaned as one of them side kicked me, sending me face-first to the roof. I screamed, as my spine snapped.
"Fucking hell," I gasped. The snarl of the one pinning me turned into a scream, a gurgle, and then warm blood was raining down on me. Someone kicked the body off of me, and I groaned.
"Out of commission?" Sven drawled from above me. I heard the gurgles of the remaining two rogues, and I smirked.
"Is she okay?" Corinne asked.
"Yeah," I panted. "I'm okay. I am just? awesome."
"Stay," Sven said sharply. "We'll be back."
"Like I'm able to move in the first place," I muttered.
"Here," someone said dryly. "Let me help you out."
"Who the fuck are you?" I hissed as he dragged me to the edge of the roof. "Wait," I said gasping. "You sound familiar."
"I do?" he asked, and I screamed as pain coursed throughout my whole body. He pulled me off the roof and my screams turned into a shriek as he stabbed something through my leg, through the roof, pinning me there. "I'm Bradley." He patted my head and wind rushed past my ear as he flew away.
"Stop him!" I shrieked, both mentally and out loud. I cursed and tried to look at my leg, but it was no use since there was only empty air under me. I moaned and swung about uselessly. I blinked and looked down at Skyler who was looking up at me in shock. She backed up as my blood slowly dripped to the pavement below. There was a loud crack, and I groaned. I heard the sound of breaking and creaking, and I scowled. Something poked my hand, and I grabbed it. What the hell? I thought as it grew to surround me. Skyler jumped into the air and took hold of my arm. I gritted my teeth as she pulled me back onto the roof. I looked at the wood-like thing that was still around me. A few seconds later, it retreated and drifted to the ground.
"What was that?" I gasped.
"I was bending earth," said Skyler.
"Oh," I said in surprise.
"Apparently, I suck at it still."
"What's in my leg?"
"It looks like a pole or something." I groaned as my back and wrist tingled. "Would you like me to pull it out?"
"Yes," I gritted out. She moved to my leg and winced. She grabbed hold of the pole, and I took in a shuddering breath.
"Holy shit!" Corinne yelled. Skyler froze and looked up. "Wait, don't pull that out yet." Skyler let go of the pole and straightened.
"Why not?" I gasped.
"Because, we don't know how long that thing is. I only see like ten inches of the thing."
"What the hell are you waiting for? Just pull the god fucking damn thing out. It hurts, you know. Like? a lot." I swore and groaned. "Where's Sven?"
"He went after Brad."
"Where's the Council?"
"I have no idea actually. Now hold still while I check," she said and disappeared back inside. I growled at the night sky and groaned for the gazillionth times in one day. Skyler looked nervously around her and up toward the sky.
"I have a family, you know," she whispered. I stilled, not even daring to breathe. Her eyes met mine. "I'm still debating on how to tell them, if I'm going to tell them in the first place." She frowned. "Wait," she said thoughtfully, just as Corinne reappeared with a scowl on her face.
"You have a two-foot pole in your leg," Corinne said and winced. She looked between me and Skyler. "Did I interrupt something?" she asked, scanning the sky and around her for any signs of rogues.
"She was just telling me that she's deciding if she should tell her family that she's a vampire or not," I said.
"And I was about to ask if there was like any laws, or rules, or something," Skyler muttered.
Corinne nodded. "There are laws to be followed," she said quietly. "Just like any others." She gestured around her. "But as you can see for yourself, there are those who don't follow what the Council has laid down. Honestly, the rules are pretty obvious if you think about it." Skyler nodded. "But enough of that for now. Let's get this stupid pole out of your leg," she said to me. I grunted. "I warn you," she said tightly. "This will hurt."
"Skip the warning and pull the son of a motherfucking thing out already."
"Doing it now," she said, going to stand by Skyler. She took hold of the pole, and I held my breath. The air practically pulsed, and I grimaced. Corinne felt the shift in the air, and she looked all around her. "Shit," she said and pulled. I screamed and cursed her to hell and back, just as Tristan appeared behind Skyler. "Ow!" she yelled, as my other leg involuntarily kicked her. Still cursing, I jerked into a sitting position, my healed spine protesting against the sudden movement. With a snarl, Corinne jerked the remaining four inches of steel from my leg. I slumped back onto the roof and glared. Slowly, the temperature dropped to below zero. Okay, not really, but it felt like it. "Skyler," Corinne whispered slowly. She looked up at her. "Do me a favor and slowly step to your right. Very, very, slowly." My eyes zeroed in on Tristan, and Tristan only. Hell, he was more dangerous than the remaining rogues battling inside and out front. His eyes were completely white, no hint of red anywhere. My skin crawled, and I ignored the itch as my leg slowly healed.
"So," I said cheerfully. "Did you get Bradley and Aaron?" All I got for a response was? silence, eerie silence. I heard the opening of an elevator, and I glanced at it to see Donnica stepping out. She froze when she saw Tristan.
"Oh shit," she whispered. I pointed silently to Skyler. Getting my meaning, she went over to Skyler and casually took her by the shoulder and leading her to the other side of the roof. I slowly got to my feet and winced. I looked at Corinne who shrugged helplessly. Stomach flipping all over the place, I walked the very short distance to our sire. Stopping directly in front of him, I took a deep breath and tilted my head back to look him in the eye. It exposed my neck to him, but I was more interested in keeping him from leveling the whole building.
"Sire," I said softly. Covered in blood and gore, I was surprised he didn't attack me on the spot. "Did you come up here for something?" I looked him up and down and curse the fact that not even a drop of blood was on him. Did he even join in the slaughter?
"Having a nice chat?" a rogue hissed from behind me. Before I could so much as turn, Tristan's hand shot past me and jerked the rogue to him. "What the?"
"You're just what I need," Tristan hissed, and I took a step back.
"You're not going to get anything from me," she hissed. "I have nothing to give." The rogue screamed, and I staggered back several more steps as energy hit me, and the air grew impossible to breathe. Corinne whimpered off to my left, but I didn't take my eyes off of the rogue.
"I doubt that you have nothing to give me," Tristan whispered. "In fact, you have a great deal of information you are just dying to give me."
"You can't read my mind," she snarled.
"I don't need to," he practically purred, causing me to break out in a nice cold sweat.
"What are you talking about?"
"Sweetheart," he said, sighing. "There are other ways to get what I want besides breaking down your magical shield around your precious thoughts." The rogue got the sense to look nervous.
"Torturing me won't help."
He chuckled. "I wasn't talking about torturing," he growled. "Though I love to rip out your intestines and suck on them." Ewww, I thought. Gross. I watched him, struggling to remain in the right frame of mine by a thin thread. And that thread was about to break in five seconds or less. He nuzzled her neck and growled. "Your witch friends were delicious, so delicious. But no worries, you have one left, and I'm saving her for last. I haven't had this much witch blood for over three centuries. Let me tell you, it was very refreshing." She gulped. "But first." The rogue didn't so much as let out another scream before his mouth closed over her throat, cutting off any sound she made.
"Blood reading," Corinne breathed.
"Yep," I said weakly. A minute later, Tristan tore the rogue's head off and tossed both it and the body over the roof. After another minute, he lifted his head to the sky, squeezing his eyes shut. I watched as his expression changed from unreadable, to pained, to outright rage, and back to unreadable. I was about to ask what was wrong, but for the hundredth times that night, I screamed. I wasn't the only one, as Corinne leapt for the edge of the roof. My screams broke off when blood filled my mouth. What the hell? From somewhere in the distance, someone else screamed. My own turned into a bloodcurdling shriek as my clothes caught on fire. Magic, I thought and fell into Tristan who had Corinne in a chokehold. His free arm caught me just as Alyssa jumped onto the roof. My shriek turned into a gasp as freezing water poured onto the three of us.
"She's in the elevator," Alyssa whispered. Soaking wet and no longer on fire or screaming, I broke from Tristan, and ran into an invisible wall. He released Corinne and flashed to the elevator. He pried the doors opened, and I watched as the last witch expression went blank, her eyes glazing over. Tristan, standing off to the side, away from flying spells, reached in and yanked her out. A loud boom rocked the building, and I braced my legs, steadying myself against the slight tremor.
"Tristan," Jayr whispered from behind me. "It's all clear."
"How many?" Tristan asked tonelessly.
"How many? what?"
He slowly turned his head from the witch to look at her. "How many did we lose?" he snarled. I felt, rather than heard Jayr taking a step back.
"I-I don't know," she stammered.
"Find out," he hissed.
"Yes, sir," she said and ran into the elevator, disappearing down the shaft.
Tristan looked back to the witch and groaned. "Last one standing," he whispered and grumbled under his breath. He grabbed the witch and flashed to the edge of the roof. He turned back to us. "Come." Corinne and I followed him off the roof and to the front of the building. We stopped before twelve witches, with Brulia and five more witches standing to the side. One broke from the twelve and stepped up to Tristan who looked like he was somewhere else entirely. She gestured to her eleven friends who all stepped farther away from us. The ones with Brulia did the same.
"Tristan," she said softly. "It's a pleasure to see you again. I wished it was under better circumstances, but some things just can't be helped." She held out her hand to him. "Please, release her to our custody." After long, long painful minutes of silence, Tristan shoved the witch into the Elder's arms. "Thank you," she said and muttered something under her breath. She turned to Brulia. "Thanks for calling us, Brulia."
Brulia nodded. "It wasn't a problem, Davina. My only problem was begging Tristan not to kill her."
"And we thank you for that." Davina looked back at Tristan and frowned. "What happened to him? I sense he's changed," she said thoughtfully.
Brulia shook her head. "I'll tell you about it later, not now."
"Very well," Davina said, sighing and joining the others standing several yards away. She inclined her head to Tristan, before all but Brulia, disappeared around the corner and out of sight.
"Well," I said cheerfully. "That! Was interesting."


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty

TRISTAN

Swimming in a haze of red and drowning in the scent of blood, so much blood, it was a wonder I didn't kill anyone who didn't need killing. I tilted my head back and inhaled the blood saturated air and turned to Corinne and Kira. I reached out and took the bloody, sharpened pole from Corinne's death grip. Ignoring the scent of Kira's blood on the thing, I gently sniffed at it, zeroing in on what I wanted. Hoping that Sven, Brynna, and Cole captured Aaron and Bradley, I drove the pole into the ground, hissing as the spell on me lifted and pain ripped its way into me. I straightened and glared at the sun, slowly creeping its way over the horizon. I glanced back at the building and watched as Tory, Tate, and Trent blurred around and dragging, or throwing bodies, limbs, heads, and other body parts inside. Sighing, I turned to Brulia and nodded. Meet back at the Council building, I mentally growled. I took hold of both Kira and Corinne and teleported. I shoved them both into my residential home and slammed the door shut. They turned and looked at me expectantly. I glared at them. If they didn't have the good sense to clean up, I was going to bite them. I continued to glare until Kira nudged Corinne and pointed down a hallway. There were six bathrooms, and I didn't care which one they pick, as long as they enclosed themselves in one in ten seconds. When I got to four, they moved in a blur. My eyes went to the blood on the floor. Fucking hell, I thought and groaned, slamming my head into the door, hard. I glanced at my bloody shirt and cursed every existing God on the planet. Too bad I don't believe in one, I silently muttered and flashed into my bedroom. I kicked the bathroom door opened and willed the sink to turn on. I washed the blood off my hands and glared at myself in the mirror. I shut off the water and rested my forehead against the cool surface of the glass, breathing in deeply. Cursing, I straightened and strode from the bathroom. Yanking open the closet, I pulled a clean shirt and shrugged out of my bloody one. I dropped it onto the back of a chair and slipped on the clean shirt. I glared at the chair like it was a living thing instead of an animated object. Someone please, please, please just kill me, I silently groaned and sighed. It would sure as hell put me out of my god damn miserable existence. My bloody shirt in hand, I stalked from my bedroom and to the back door. Yanking it open, I tossed it onto the dumpster. If somebody wanted to try to get rid of the blood, it was fine by me. I slammed the door and went into the kitchen. The sound of running water and me growling were the only noise in the house. I opened the refrigerator and thank the devil I had more than six bags of blood. I snatched one and not bothering to warm it up. I sank my fangs into the bag and groaned. When it was empty, I snatched another one. When I heard the water finally shut off, I think I was on my twentieth bag of blood. I scowled at the beeping refrigerator and slammed it shut. I grabbed up the empty blood bags and dropped them into the garbage can. I leaned against the counter and stared at the heavy curtain, blocking out daylight completely. I finally open myself up to Elijah, who was knocking insistently on my metaphoric door for the past ten minutes. Finally, he growled in my head. I turned and dropped into a chair, letting my head hit the countertop as Ari, Sven, Brynna, Cole, and Jayr slipped into my mind. I wanted to kill someone, so bad my hands tingled with it. I gritted my teeth and breathed evenly, in and out. In my head, no one made a sound. They waited, until the loud roar in my head lowered to a dull sound. I felt Kira and Corinne coming up behind me, the sweet-sour taste of fear coating the back of my throat. Bryn, I silently growled. I didn't kill Aaron, she mentally grumbled. Why can't I kill him? I jerked my head up from the counter and let rip a snarl, both mentally and out loud. I mentally reached out and grabbed Brynna around her pretty neck and choked her. Her cries of pain were music to my ears. I ignored the others who were trying to break my mental hold on her and growled. Because, I silently said, slowly, calmly. I want to hear his side of the story without going into his mind, and I can't do that! When he is dead! Can I now? I mentally shouted. Can I? I snarled and slammed the others out. I got up, and the foundation shook as my energy exploded from me. Fuck them all to hell! God damn it! I teleported, barely remembering to bring Kira and Corinne along with me. "Oh shit," Brynna squeaked and backed into her sire.
"What's happening?" Aaron asked shakily.
"Shut up!" I shouted. I looked around me. I was in the Council chamber, and all the doors were closed and guarded.
"But I-"
I teleported to the human and grabbed him. "Did you not hear me?" I hissed through my clenched jaw. "I said to be silent! What part of shut up do you people not understand? I'm going to kill everyone! In this chamber! If another one of you so much as breathe," I hissed. I shoved Aaron away from me, and Ari almost didn't catch him in time to prevent his skull from bursting like a melon against the stone wall. Pity. Panting and growling, I turned back to Brynna and calmly walked over to her, stopping when the Council table got in my way. I placed both my hands on it and leaned into her. "What I want to know," I said softly. "Is why do you want to kill the human?" She cringed away from me and looked to Elijah for help. I bared my fangs at him before he could open his mouth. "You see, sweetheart, he's not a rogue. You can snap him in a heartbeat. And what fun would you get out of that?"
"Nothing," she whispered.
"Right!" I snarled and pushed away from the table. "So stop asking me! And the next time you ask that question sweetheart I'm going to snap your neck and there is nothing in this world your sire can do to stop me!" I took in a deep breath. "Do we understand each other?"
"Yes," she squeaked.
"Good," I growled and finally turned my attention to Bradley who had the good sense to keep quiet. I rounded the table and smiled, and it wasn't a friendly one. Sven and Cole stood on either side of him, while Alyssa stood behind his chair. "Bradley," I said slowly. "It is finally nice to meet you." I stepped closer and hauled the rogue to his feet. "I'll make this quick, because I know you're just dying to know who I am. But first, you are going to do me a very huge favor."
"You can't make me do anything," he hissed.
"Why is that?" He shrugged. I rolled him, and laughed when my compulsion didn't take hold of his mind. "Well, well, well," I drawled. "Very charming," I said and honed in on him like a beacon. My eyes widened, as I zeroed in on the magical jewelry. I had to admit, it was a good place for it. If you like piercing in that? general part of your body, who was I to complain? "Tell me something, Miller. Do you enjoy piercing your precious little friend over and over again?" His eyes widened. "Yes, I know where you hide your lovely compulsion charm. You can either remove it yourself." I smiled. "Or I can rip it from you." I shrugged. "Your choice."
"Here?" he spluttered.
"Sure, why not? Or," I growled. "I can splatter your guts all over this chamber. So you can either pull down your pants, remove your little trinket, or I let go of what's left of my sanity and do as I have stated." I released him and stepped back. "You have five seconds." Bradley reached into his pants, carefully removing the small silver metal. He pulled it out and clutched it like it was a lifeline. "Drop it," I whispered.
"Brad," Sven said, sighing in exasperation. "I suggest you do as you are told. If I were you, I wouldn't chance it." Bradley reached out, his hand hovering over the table. I snarled and slammed it down. He hissed in pain, as I applied pressure on his wrist. The loud sound of broken bone was like a gunshot to my poor ears. I jerked his broken wrist from the table and squeezed.
"Now," I said. "Where were we?" I grabbed his jaw and forced him to look at me. "Let's try this again." I rolled him before he got the chance to squeeze his eyes shut. "Much better," I growled and slipped into his head. "Now, call out to your sire." I waited, until I felt another presence in my head. Bradley? Shilen said, concerned. What's-she stopped, as she felt me. I quickly grabbed onto her and held on, tight. She gasped and groaned in pain. Bradley, who is this with you? I demand you shut him out. Mmm, too bad, I thought. Who are you? She snapped in my mind. I sighed. Bradley is unavailable at the moment. Would you like me to leave a message for when his will is once again his own? Sven shifted, and I felt Liana resting a hand on my arm. I glanced at her.
"I'm ready," said Liana. "I promise I won't blow your eardrums out." I nodded. "So, whose head do I slip into?"
"Bradley," I growled. I looked pointedly at Sven. He nodded, and almost simultaneously, he and Liana joined the party in Bradley Miller's head. You sired this pathetic asswipe? Liana silently shrieked. So much for not blowing out my eardrums. Liana, Shilen mentally hissed in surprise. Liana took in a deep breath. I wish to meet up. I'm sorry? I said I want to meet with you. Sven and I looked at her. Why would you want to meet with me? Shilen asked in amusement. You have any idea what she is up to? I asked Sven through the sire bond between us. She says to trust her. His mental voice rang loud and clear with alarm. I promised her that none of us will pluck the info from her brain. I sighed. Liana removed her hand from me and dropped into a chair. I think we should talk, Liana said calmly. This only made Sven even more agitated. Then talk to me through the sire bond, just you and I, Shilen said sweetly. Fine. Liana looked at us expectantly. Her expectant look turned into a glare when neither Sven nor I slipped out of Bradley's head. Hoping and praying she knew what she was doing, I pulled out, forcibly taking Sven with me.
"You," I said to Bradley. "You will sit there and not reach for your little protection charm. Is that understood?"
"I understand," Bradley replied in a very bored tone. I nodded and released him, pushing him back into his chair. I looked at Sven and glared until he snapped his mouth shut and turned from Liana. I glanced at Alyssa who looked about ready to scream. I smirked.
"Alyssa, Sven, come. Join me for a minute." I strode to the double doors that led out of the Council Chamber. "Brynna, Cole, keep Brad and Aaron comfortable. Brother, do you wish to join me?" Elijah shook his head. I shrugged. "Keep your child under control. She'll get the chance to play interrogator." I smiled evilly. "Soon enough." I gestured to Ari and Jayr. "You both coming?" They flashed over to us, and I pushed the left door open. We exited the Council chamber, and the door slammed shut with a resounding boom. I scanned the lounge and was glad to see that it was empty.
"I'm going to kill her!" Sven said vehemently.
"Who is her?" Kira asked in that cheerful tone of hers. He gave her a murderous look and growled. I slipped on my sunglasses and led them outside. I ignored the fiery pain that engulfed me and walked up the steps to the parking lot. Holy son of a motherfucking blueballs did it hurt. I walked into the shades and leaned against a tree. Sven, Alyssa, Ari, Kira, Corinne, and Jayr surrounded me in a half circle. I looked at Sven, who was practically foaming at the mouth and spitting out every single curse word he could think of in the Swedish, 'One Thousand Swearwords Compendium for Pros'. Too bad it didn't exist. A long moment past after he forced himself to stop.
"Are you finished?" I asked tightly.
"Not even close," he snapped.
I grunted and looked to Alyssa. "Where's your hyperactive little sister?"
"With Brulia," she said and took in a deep breath. Ari tilted her head to the side, and I watched her curiously. "So, can I kick Brad's ass for attempting to rob me like? about three years and a half ago? I owe him an ass kicking."
I smirked. "Of course."
"Maybe I'll let Jane suffocate him," she muttered under her breath.
"That won't do you any good, sweetheart. We don't need to breathe. But of course, if she would to say, catch him by surprise and cut off his airway, brutally, efficiently, and quickly?"
"Tristan," Ari said, sighing.
"Yes?" I said and gave her an innocent look.
"Don't go around teaching her how to render even a vampire unconscious."
"I wasn't." She snorted. I scowled. "I was only giving a suggestion."
"Right," she drawled.
"I'll keep that in mind," said Alyssa. "A suggestion from the most insane vampire I ever met on earth is always an awesome one." She jumped back and dodged my halfhearted attempt to grab her. I cursed as Ari smacked me. It wasn't hard, but the pain of the sun that was already there magnified the light slap. I drew my hand back and scowled at the ground. Not really wanting to know the answer, I slowly lifted my head to look at Jayr. "Oh great," Alyssa groaned. "Back to business."
"How many?" I asked. Instead of answering, Jayr reached into her pocket and pulled out a folded piece of paper. She reached out and dropped it into my outstretched hand. I took it and stared at it. I really, really didn't want to see whose name was on the list. I really didn't. It was bad enough that I felt every single death not hours ago, and thanks whoever was watching from above that I didn't feel any of the painful ones, like the very strong bond between sire and child. The half circle closed in on me, holding their breaths as they waited for me to open it. Closing my eyes briefly, I unfolded the little piece of paper. Taking a deep breath that didn't help at all, I braced myself and looked. On the paper were the names of Velron, Eden, Donna, Loria, Eric, and Tecrayle. "Six," I hissed and glared at the paper, which promptly caught on fire. I sucked in a sharp breath as intense pain radiated throughout my whole body. I brushed the ashes from my hand and growled. "Tell me you've written out a full report."
"I did, I left it on your desk," Jayr said softly.
"Do I want to know who they are?" Kira asked hesitantly.
"No," I growled. "But you should know that a member of the NSC was on the list."
Her eyes widened. "Who?" she asked and braced herself for my answer.
"Eric," I said softly. Tears sprang to her eyes, but she didn't let it fall. I shoved my hands into my pockets and stood. It was either that, or around someone's throat and snapping it, preferably around the neck of a cat stalking up to me. To be exact, a white one with dark blue eyes. Her every step left trails of frost in her wake. She stopped several feet away from me and smiled. I returned her smile and stepped from the circle.
"Shae," I said slowly. "Welcome to my territory. Did you come here to show me your belly? Or did you come here to try your hand at another Tronis?" Behind me, Ari choked. Sorry to say it, but I'm not that stupid, she mentally hissed. The only reason I got Avery in the first place was the element of surprise and a whole lot of luck. With every ounce of my will, I shoved rage, hunger, grief, and all emotions back. I inclined my head to her. "Then tell me, Shae. Why have you come here, if not for the obvious reason?" I came here to return something. "And that would be?" This. A scream ripped from me, as Shae, in human form and all her glory of nakedness, drove a silver blade into my stomach. Awww, not again, I thought, as she ran off like the hounds of hell were after her, and darkness closed around me.
I opened my eyes to darkness and groaned. "Welcome back to the living."
"I prefer the dead," I growled and tried to jerk upright. Only to have my strength zapped and dizziness to crash down on me. I groaned, and Casiar slapped a hand on my chest, pushing me the few inches back down.
"And I prefer it if you don't get up." I scanned the room with my eyes only and noticed that I was at my compound apartment.
"This is all amusing to you, isn't it?"
"Of course, I haven't done this much death magic since the eighteenth century," he drawled.
I closed my eyes and sighed. "Who did I almost kill this time?"
"Kill? Do I count?" I sighed again and scowled. He chuckled. "The others are fine. Though, Ari killed the one who threw the silver blade to Shae. She was? too blinded by rage to think about sparing him for us to get any information out of." He smirked. "He didn't even have time to shift."
"Damn," I said. "Wished I could've seen that." I opened my eyes. "Who called for you?"
"Jayr and Alyssa. I was on my way out when I felt the burning pain."
I grimaced. "Sorry about that."
He shrugged and winced. "Speaking of Ari, she's on her way here."
My lips twitched. "I know." Casiar leaned back in his chair, removing his hand from my chest. He ran his fingers through his white-blond hair and got up, walking to the door and opening it.
"If you tell me that he's not awake when I know for a fact that he is, I'm going to kick you in the balls, and Jailyn won't be able to stop me," Ari warned.
Casiar looked back at me. "Did you hear that?" he asked, scowling. "She just threatened me."
I smirked. "I did." He flashed from the doorway and back to my side. Grumbling under his breath, he lowered himself into his chair as Ari, Kira, Corinne, Audrianna, Ian, Tate, and Sven filed into my room. I squeezed my eyes shut and cursed.
"I'm going to kill that bitch!" Kira yelled.
My eyes popped open. "No," I said slowly. "You won't, and please don't yell." She snapped her mouth shut and glared at the carpet. Ari hovered hesitantly over me, glancing at Casiar questioningly.
"You can touch him," he said, looking amused. With that, she fell on me, her arms going around me in a very tight hug. Casiar laughed. "I said you can touch him, not fall on him."
"Oh whatever," she said, her voice muffled. With tremendous effort, I put my arms around her. "Same thing."
"How long was I out?" I asked tiredly.
"Too long for my liking," she muttered.
"Half an hour," said Casiar.
"Do me a favor and break your spell." Ari pushed off of me a little and looked at me, her hands on my chest. "If you forced me to say please, I'm going to beat you senseless."
"Are you sure that's a good idea?" Ari asked, looking between me and Casiar.
Casiar leaned forward and smirked. "Think I will make you say please. I want to see you squirm." I glared at him. He smirked. "Kiss him, Ari."
"What?" she squeaked.
"Just kidding. I was hoping for a free show."
"Casiar!" Jailyn exclaimed from the living room. "I heard that!"
He grimaced. "Damn," he muttered.
I grinned. "Busted." If Kira's face grew any redder, she was going to break something, like a rib. I sighed. "Let it out."
"Sorry," Kira gasped and ran from the room, Corinne right behind her. Ari shifted off of me, and I sighed in disappointment. She smirked. My hand closed weakly around her wrist.
"Tristan, you may want to let her go," Casiar said grimly. "When I release you, you're going to be? very hungry." I growled at him. "Hey, you know how death magic works." Ari tug her wrist from my unresisting grip and got up. "Sven, Ian, Tate, Audri, Ari, be ready to hold him down. We're going to fail miserably, but it's something." I watched, as Brulia and five witches filled the doorway.
"Great," I said. "Let's hope I don't kill your friends there, hmm?" Panic briefly took over, but she took in a slow deep breath and nodded. Casiar pushed from his chair and grabbed my wrist in a tight hold. Jailyn and Riordan appeared behind him, and baring his fangs, he opened my wrist, letting my blood pooled in his other hand. The air crackled, as he muttered something that sounded like gibberish to me under his breath. "No," I gasped, as something inside me snapped free, and my world went black.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-one

Someone was whispering in my ear, and it took me a moment to figure out that it was Evelyn. "Oh, you're back," she whispered and took a step away from me. "You haven't blacked out in a long ass time," she said dryly.
"I rarely do now these days," I rasped and coughed.
"I know," she said and looked around. "By the way, you're underground."
"Not surprising," I muttered.
"You kicked the living shit out of Riordan."
I blinked at her. "Did I?"
She smirked. "Yep, and he's a little peeved about it."
I sighed. "The witches?"
"They're all unconscious. After they released you from the binding spell, I think it backed fired on them."
"Really now?"
"That's my guess," she said and pressed her wrist to my mouth. My stomach clenched painfully, and I snarled, sinking my fangs in deep. Evelyn cursed, wincing as I pulled hard. My eyes practically rolled to the back of my head as the hot sweet blood went down my throat. I jerked back, lunging for her throat. She jumped back and ducked. I grunted as Sven jumped on me, sending the both of us crashing to the floor. I flipped us over and snarled. Sven's hand smacked into my throat, and he grunted with the effort of holding me back.
"Shilen," he gasped. "She is going to kill Liana." I stilled, trying to blink through my red hazed of a vision. "Shilen is going to kill Liana," he repeated. I reluctantly released him and slowly rose to my feet, still blinking and shaking my head. Evelyn held out a blood bag to me, and I snatched it. "She hasn't told me what she and her sire talked about, but I bet you anything that Shilen is going to kill her," Sven continued, as I slowly sipped at the cold content of the bag. He looked to Evelyn. "Can I kill Shilen for her?"
"I don't see why not," said Evelyn.
I drained the bag and crumbled it, wincing at the loud crackles of plastic. "Not unless Liana issued a challenge," I growled.
"Oh, that's right."
Sven stiffened. "Shit," he hissed. "I didn't think about that."
"Do you want more?" Evelyn asked me, glancing at my clenched fist. I narrowed my eyes at her. "Of course you do," she muttered.
I shook my head. "With any luck, I get to bite Aaron," I said and teleported.
Reappearing outside the Council chamber, I growled and sent the double doors flying open and stalked inside. I glanced around the chamber and scowled. Stopping in front of Bradley, I palmed his forehead and pushed, until he was looking directly up at the ceiling high above. Of course, Bradley snarled and struck out with the ferocity of a starving rogue. I kicked his chair from under him and slammed him to the floor. He hissed when his skull met concrete. Cutting off his airway with my arm, I leaned down. He arched into me, and my other arm went around him. "Stop," I whispered. "If you don't, I'm going to break your spine and snapped your neck." To make my point, I applied pressure to his throat and lifted his torso further off the floor. I released him and pushed him back down, disgusted. I got off of him, and he took the moment to make a run for it, causing my blood to boil. Fuck, I silently snarled. At this rate, I was going to eat him and kill him before I could get the chance to mind fuck him. I moved in a blur and cut off his only exit from the chamber. Knowing exactly what was going to happened when I got my hands on the rogue again, Cole stepped from the shadows and intercepted Bradley before he could slam into me.
"Stop!" Cole snarled, his compulsion hitting Bradley fast and hard. The rogue froze, and the hunter sent him flying through the air to crash limply to the floor several feet away.
"That wasn't necessary," I said calmly, while inside, I was on the verge of losing it, again. He turned and just? looked at me. I smiled. "Bring me Aaron. Let's see what I can get from that brilliant mind of his."
Cole arched an eyebrow. "Brilliant?"
"If you have forgotten, hunter, might I remind you it was him that concocted a drug that can kill you, cause your sire unbearable pain for several hours, and which by the way, I have experienced it for myself?"
He stiffened. "You have?"
"I have."
He frowned. "When?"
"About three years or so ago. Apparently, Bradley has been supplying some of the humans with it. Or should I say, used to."
"When did you figure it out?"
"When I saw the event playing out in Evelyn's head a few nights ago. Now, get me Aaron, or I'll go get him myself." I gave him a pointed look. He sighed and flashed to the back of the chamber. Bring him to my office, I telepathically said to him and teleported.
In my office, I dropped into a chair and ignoring the stinging pain I was about to be in, I booted up my computer. I nearly screamed in rage as I caught the scent of Brulia coming down the hallway. If I didn't rip her throat out, it was going to be a fucking miracle. Out of all the things that could drive me even more insane, a witch standing outside my door was one of them. I fumed at my log on screen and barely tamped the urge to send everything crashing through the wall in front of me. Brulia's heart pounded loud in my ears, and I closed my eyes and groaned. I leaned back in the chair and tilted my head to the ceiling, praying, for the umpteenth times throughout the centuries that I was no longer on this earth. I rubbed my temples and let out a soft, low growl. Wherever Avery was at this moment and at this second, I hoped he was doing a whole lot better than I was. Probably laughing his ass off at my predicament, I silently growled just as Brulia finally steeled her nerves to knock. "Come in," I snarled and opened my eyes. I turned in my chair, watching the doorknob turning and the door slowly opening. She sucked in a sharp breath and backed into Ari. They all backed up from the door, as the crackle in the air hit them. I again closed my eyes and forced myself to draw back on the energy, aura, or whatever the fuck you want to call it. I slowly inhaled deeply and held it, as Cole urged the others through the door. I heard the soft snap of the door closing, and I peeled my eyes open to glare daggers at them all. Ari stepped up to me and put a hand on my shoulder. She pulled out another chair and dropped into it. "Release him," I growled. Cole nodded, and Aaron's fear hit me like a punch to the gut. Ari's arm went around me and yanked me out of my chair as Brulia started up on her incantation. Magic whooshed over me, and I snarled as Ari snapped something around my wrist, zapping me of almost all my strength. When Brulia was done, I was half conscious and staring stupidly into Ari's eyes. Stupid! Fucking! Death magic! Because without it, the god damn witch, scared shitless, had no chance of holding me. Fuck! I silently snarled. Magic! Oh I was going to kick Casiar's ass into the next fucking millennia!
"I'm sorry," Ari said sincerely. "I'm sorry." She snapped the other cuff on me and helped me back into my chair. I looked down and stared at one of the barely vibrating cuffs fueled with my own blood. My fangs throbbed insistently, and I once again, squeezed my eyes shut.
"So," Cole said slowly. "You wanted to see Aaron?"
"Is he cooperating?" I asked, not even bothering to open my eyes.
"He is, actually."
"Enlightened me."
"I forced Bradley to tell him everything and explain the fact that you can't lie while under compulsion."
"Mmm, unless Shilen hold is strong on him, she may order him to lie when compelled."
"You think she ordered him to do so?"
"If I were her, Bhardor, I would have."
He cursed. "How do I know if she ordered him to lie? Or if he is for that matter?"
I opened my eyes to look at him. "You don't." I turned my attention to Aaron. "Come here, Kemphlar." Aaron slowly and hesitantly walked over to me, stopping out of my grabbing range. "You have been killing my vampires, boy," I said softly. "Do you know how angry that makes me?" He shook his head. "If I were not magically bound, child," I snarled. "I'd have your head as a trophy." His fear was thick and sweet in the back of my throat, and I savored every second of it. Bound or not, my hand shot out and grabbed him. He made a shocked sound as I yanked him closer to me, making the room spin in the process.
"I thought you said his strength would be gone?" Aaron asked Cole almost incoherently.
"I did, did I," Cole said dryly. "I should've said it'll weaken him to the point of a human." I tightened my hold on Aaron and smirked. Cole held up a hand and glanced at the door. "While I'm still talking, would you like me to bring Bradley up?"
"Might as well," I hissed. He nodded and opened the door and disappeared. Human strength my ass, I silently growled. I might as well be moving through quicksand for all the good it did me. "And Brulia, if you want your artery intact when the cuffs are off, I suggest you not utter the first syllable of that incantation, sweetheart." She gulped. "I won't hurt him," I said and dove into Aaron's mind. "Much," I finished as he let out a scream. I eased up a little and flipped through his memories like a fast-forward movie. He didn't try to push me out, and it was ashamed too, because I was practically salivating, just waiting for him to make one wrong move so I could sink my fangs into that hot sweet neck of his. I sighed and almost did just that, as I watched how he went about poisoning so many fledglings. One by one, the newly turned vampires dropped, screaming in pain and confusion, before life slowly left them in a quick agonizing minute or two. Bradley's voice was all I could hear as he instructed Aaron on what to do, whether it was human or vampire. Under compulsion, there was nothing Aaron could have done to fight it when it started. Snarling, I pulled out and shoved the human from me.
"Are you going to kill me?" Aaron asked as he caught the edge of the desk to steady himself.
"I will, if you make another sound." He snapped his mouth shut so fast, his jaw popped. I turned to Ari and glared. She took in a shuddering breath, but didn't move away from me. Good, I thought and inwardly smirked. "Give me the key, sweetheart," I said slowly. Indecision crossed her face, and I growled. "Now, Stanton." Sighing, she reached into her pocket and pulled out a small gold key.
"Brulia," she said, turning to look at the witch. "I suggest you take Aaron away."
"Before you go," I growled. "Do you wish to press charges?"
Aaron blinked in confusion. "Press charges?" Grrr. "Sure."
"Fine," I snapped. "Get the hell out of my sight." Brulia opened the door and literally dragged the human from the office. Before I could go all out on Ari, Cole appeared with a struggling Bradley in his arms. Ari reluctantly unlocked both the cuffs and let them fall into her hand. She yelped as energy exploded from me, and the binding spell Brulia had on me snapped like a rubber band. "Bradley," I drawled. I got up and reached out, taking him from Cole. "Are you going to behave?"
"Fuck! You!" he snarled.
"Alright then," I said, and snapped his neck.

LIANA

I glowered into my cup of water, like it held some kind of solution to my problem at the bottom of the glass. I took in a deep breath and let it out in a rush. Shrugging, I drained it and dropped it into the sink. Walking over to the refrigerator, I opened it and scowled at the five bags of blood. Sighing, I grabbed one and closed it. Leaning against the sink counter, I sank my fangs into the bag, taking my time in finishing it. When I was done, I dropped it into the trashcan under the sink. I rubbed my temples and glared at the bright blue linoleum floor in thought. Shilen, why now? Why not long before now? What the fuck did she want with me? What the fuck was she thinking about? Or planning? Or? argh! I straightened and walked to the window. I pushed aside the curtains and peered out into the bright daylight. "Sweetheart," Sven groaned from the living room. "Stop thinking for five minutes. You're going to drive both of us insane."
"Stop listening in," I grumbled.
"I'm not, you're projecting, and it's making my head hurt." Still grumbling, I let the curtains fall back into place, sending the kitchen back into semi-darkness. I walked into the living room. Sven looked up from his laptop and set it aside. "Are you going to try and stab me again?" he asked, pulling me down onto his lap.
"No," I muttered and nuzzled his neck. "I'm going to kill you." He leaned back and cupped my chin, forcing me to look at him. He searched my face and scowled.
"You wouldn't."
"How do you know?" I asked dryly.
"Because, lskling, I know when you are you and when you are not yourself. And besides, you love me too much to kill me." I snorted and sighed. He nuzzled my neck and inhaled deeply. "Are you going to tell me when you are going to meet with your sire?" he asked. "And where? And if I can come along? No wait, you can't stop me from tagging along."
"No." He growled. "I can't tell you."
"You can't tell me? Or you won't tell me? There is a difference."
"Can't." I pulled back and turned in his arms. I smirked when I felt his hard-on pressing against my ass. Men, I thought. Is sex all they think about?
"When there's a hot girl in the room? Yes." His hand came up to cup one of my breasts.
"Sven!" I exclaimed and slapped his hand away. He chuckled and nibbled on my neck. Ignoring him the best I could as hot wave of pleasure raced through me, I glanced at the computer. "Logging?" I asked, blinking at the Council's logo at the top of the page.
"Mmhmm."
I turned to look at him. "You? Logging? Isn't that Evelyn's job?"
He shrugged. "Anyone can do it."
"Yeah, but you?" I asked, as a ding sounded, alerting Sven of an incoming email. Instead of checking it automatically, he put a hand on the back of my neck, pulling me to him, and kissing me. I sighed and slipped my tongue into his. He growled as our tongue intertwined. I pulled back when a second ding went off. "Someone is insistent," I muttered. He groaned and reached for the mouse pad. He opened up his email account and groaned again. First thing in the inbox was an email from Tristan. The subject line? No sex. "Oh, he's the only one that gets to have sex?"
"Liana!" he said in a scolding tone.
"What?" I asked innocently.
"I rather not think about Tristan having sex. That is just disturbing." I laughed. He growled. "That is just like? picturing my parents having sex, and I don't care how old I am." He shuddered, and I laughed harder. "Fine, you picture Shilen fucking someone then." That shut me right up. He smirked. "That's what I thought," he said and opened it to find a blank message body.
"Okay?" I said slowly. He deleted it and looked at the second message in the inbox. This one looked more ominous. The subject line simply said, 'Your child?' He stiffened. After staring at the subject line for a full two minutes, he finally opened up the email. I looked away, giving him the opportunity to read it without anyone looking over his shoulder.
"Jvla helvete!" he snarled a second later and promptly dumped me onto the floor.
"Helvetet?" I spluttered. I blinked up at him. "Sven?" I said carefully. He looked like he was about to murder someone. "Sven?" I repeated and slowly got to my feet. "Vad r det fr fel? Bertta fr mig," I said softly, gently. Jaw clenched, he exited his email and snapped his laptop shut. He looked past me, and I turned to meet the searing pissed off gaze of Tristan.
"Jag trodde att hon var dd. Jag knde det," he hissed. "Sg inte att hon levde alla dessa rhundraden!" He stared at his sire pleadingly, as if force of will alone could change the expression on Tristan's face. I looked back and forth between the two, a foreboding feeling creeping over me.
"Vem r hon?" I asked quietly. They ignored me and continued to just stare at each other.
"Hon var pnyttfdd," Tristan said gently.
"She was what?" Sven exploded. "She was what?" Oh shit, I thought and shot a hand out, grabbing him before he could launch himself across the room. Tristan walked over to us, as I strained with the effort of holding a snarling Sven back from strangling his sire. "How do you know this?" Sven asked, barely able to get the words out.
Tristan's hand shot out and pushed. I fell onto the couch, grunting as Sven's full weight came down on me. "I've been inside Bradley's head for the past hour," he growled. "I now know what he knows."
"Then you know where she is."
"I don't, but I have a very good guess to where she is." I tightened my hold on Sven, cursing and hoping he wouldn't rip my arms off in the next five seconds. "And Liana," Tristan said slowly. Sven and I stiffened. He broke my hold and stood. He flashed across the room and started pacing. Tristan turned to watch him.
"Yes?" I said hesitantly.
"Where are you meeting Shilen?"
"I? I? I can't tell you."
He turned back to me and smiled. "Sure you can." At this, Sven stopped his pacing and flashed back to us. He gave his sire a warning look. I looked at Tristan, a little confused. "Tell Shilen to meet at a place of your choosing."
"My place of choosing?" I asked stupidly.
His expression turned murderous, causing Sven to step closer to me. "Tell her," Tristan said quietly. "That you want to meet her here."
"Here?" I spluttered and stiffened as someone stirred in my mind, and it wasn't Sven or Tristan. Are you still in? Shilen asked sweetly in my head. I looked around, ignoring the couches, table, the lamp in the corner, the TV, until I found the clock hanging on the wall. Shit! I silently snarled. Ten minutes. Well? Yes, I mentally snapped. Good, bring no one. Same goes for you. Oh, no, no, no, no. She laughed. This is on my terms, not yours. Fuck you and your fucking terms you fucking stupid fucking son of a motherfucking cock sucking ass licking whore! I'll be there! Sire, I mentally hissed with scorn. I can't wait to see you again, she said and disappeared from my head. I blinked to find both Tristan and Sven staring at me.
"Well," Tristan said conversationally. "What are you waiting for? Be on your way."
"Sorry," I muttered and got up, dodging Sven's grab for me.
"Let her go, my child," Tristan continued as I made my way to the door. I opened it and stepped out. "She will not be-" I slammed the door shut, loud enough to cut off Tristan's last few words. I knew what he was going to say, but I didn't need to hear them. Taking in a deep breath and glancing up at the darkening sky, I launched myself upward.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-two

Wind whipped my hair back, as I flew to the meeting location. Far below me, the houses, the trees, the people, the traffic, were all a blur. I was going to kill Shilen, and this time, I was going to make sure that she stayed dead, not only physically dead, but spiritually dead, brain dead, mentally dead, magically dead, just? fucking dead period. Spotting my destination, Riverside Park, I descended to ground in a silent crouch and looked around the quiet park. Why my sire wanted to meet me here of all places, I hadn't a fucking clue. I straighten and glared at the multiple presences I've yet to see. After a moment, an average-height figure stepped from the shadows, her sleek brown hair pulled back in a ponytail at the nape of her neck. She regarded me with a narrow-eyed look, her brown eyes sparkling with amusement and humor. "Liandira," Shilen said with a smile that looked painful and fake as fuck.
"Sire," I said sweetly, holding back the urge to projectile blood in her face. I didn't bother to smile. "So, whose body did you steal? Or am I not privy to that information?"
"Oh Liandira, you foolish child. I did not steal this body, I simply borrowed it."
I inclined my head and shrugged. "If you say so. You know, sire, I like your original body better. I wonder what happened to it." I gasped and snapped my fingers. "Oh wait, I remember now. I burned it to ash about three hundred years ago." A hint of anger flashed in her eyes. "But yet," I said, smirking. "You're still alive. Care to share the amazing secret? Because, I like to know how to come back from the dead someday myself."
"That's enough, child," she hissed.
I laughed. "Did I hit a nerve? Awww, I'm sorry." Shilen snarled and lunged for me. I ducked and grabbed her, pulling her off balance and tossing her away from me. She hit the trees with so much force that the earth practically shook with the impact.
"Restrain her," she gasped, struggling to her feet. All around me, vampires, most of them fledglings, stepped from the shadows. They all rushed me, and I smiled. I mentally reached out, jerking them all to a stop. I did a quick mental headcount. There were sixteen of them. I winced.
"Sire," I said, sighing. "Did you create them just to get back at me?"
"They are expendable," Shilen spat. My chest suddenly felt tight. Damn, I thought and clenched my hands into fists, preventing them from accidentally say, tearing her head from her shoulders before I got the chance to talk her to death first.
"Really?" I asked in a whisper.
"Of course," she snapped. I closed my eyes, forcing down the urge to lunge for her. When I opened them, she was glaring at me. "Release them." I looked at all my blood brothers and sisters. They stared back at me blankly. I bet my eternal existence that they weren't willing turners, just like I wasn't, over two thousand years ago.
"And if I don't?"
"Release them or I'll command you."
"Tell them to back off, and I'll let them go."
She sighed. "Stand down, my children."
I inwardly shuddered and reluctantly let them go. "Does the Council know about them?" I asked, gesturing to my robotic siblings.
She looked at me as if I was the stupidest vampire in the history of mankind. "Of course the Council knows about them, you idiot girl."
I arched an eyebrow at her. "I highly doubt that."
"Are you questioning my ability to follow the rules?" she asked in a dangerous tone.
I smiled. "I am, sire. I am." I again gestured around me. "Matter of a fact, if I was to hack into their database, I'd probably find my name and maybe one or two, but nothing more." I shrugged. "I know you, sire. Probably more than you know yourself. A scary thought, isn't it?"
"Enough," she hissed. "Why did you want to meet with me? To mock me? To see if you can once again defeat me?"
I laughed. "Sire," I said indignantly. "Who says anything about me defeating you? I can't kill you without the explicit permission of the Council. You know that. Or have you forgotten? Are you so far gone that you can no longer distinguish the difference between right and wrong?" I held up a hand to cut her off. "Don't answer that, I already know. After all, it was I who tore out your heart from your chest in 1742. Do you remember?" I flashed to her. "Because I do," I hissed and backhanded her, sending her reeling backward and hitting the ground, gasping and groaning in pain. "And let me tell you, it was the best day of my life." Before she could get up, I planted my foot in her stomach and pushed down, hard. "You ordering me around through the sire bond was just simply stupid, smart, but stupid. I'll give you a little credit for that." With a quick move, I pulled out a thin pitched-black blade from under my sleeve and drove it into her heart, paralyzing her completely. I leaned down and smiled. "You have not learned your lesson from last time, sire. Frankly, that just fucking pisses me off to no ends. I said this to you before, and I'll be glad to repeat myself." I took her into my arms and put my mouth to her ear. "Never," I whispered. "Never, ever, fuck with a hunter. Especially if that huntress is your own child, sire. I kill vampire like you for a living. It pays well, and I wouldn't trade it for anything else in the world." I wrapped an arm around her neck and stroked her cheek with my free hand. "And to answer your question, I only wanted to meet with you to lure you out of hiding. To be honest, I didn't think you would fall for it. Wasn't it you that taught me to be careful of false intentions in the first place? Or was that just my imagination fucking with me?" I sighed. "Before you go to sleep, sire, I have to inform you that I am not alone. I never was. Did you really think I'd be stupid enough to come by myself?" I chuckled. "Besides, the Council wouldn't hear of it. You have no idea how insistent they can be. It is ridiculous." I looked up and waved into the darkness. "Isn't that right, Councilman Tristan?" The air around me electrified, as four hooded figures came out of nowhere. "Fucking creepy," I muttered.
"Release her," Tristan said flatly. I reluctantly released Shilen and straightened. "Step back."
"Did I mention I hate it when you are in business mode?" I grumbled and took a few steps back.
"Can you shut up now?" Sven asked tightly and took me into his arms. We watched as one of the figures bent and removed the blade. Before Shilen could so much as twitch a finger, she was flipped over onto her stomach, screaming and cursing as the cuffs snapped around her wrists.
"Kill Tristan!" Shilen shouted, and I gasped, as my world went red, the command sinking into me like it was my own. The only problem was I had no idea who was Tristan. They all had their hoods up, and they all cloaked their scents and auras. So instead of following through, I just stood there like a fucking dumbass. Huh, now I knew why they didn't talk much, had their hoods pulled up, and cloaked themselves from other vampires. One of them walked up to me, and Sven who was still holding me, tightened his grip. He pulled down his hood, and my head spun as Tristan hit me with a compulsion so strong I swear my brain went into a five seconds seizure. Behind me, Sven sucked in a sharp breath.
"You will not do that," Tristan said, so soft I barely heard him. "You will not follow through on any command your sire gives you. You will ignore it. Do you understand?" he asked dangerously as I felt the cold fingers of death scraping against my skull.
"I understand," I gasped. He smiled coldly, as a brief burning sensation coursed through my entire body. He released me, and I went limp in Sven's arms and blinking rapidly. I frowned at Tristan when he just stared at me.
"What?" I asked in confusion. He didn't answer and pulled his hood back up, turning and walking away. Before I could ask Sven what was going on, everything went dark. What the hell? I thought as Sven and I, along with sixteen vampires, the Council, and Shilen appeared in the Council chamber. This was bad, I thought as Sven let go of me and stepped forward, taking hold of the thin gold chain from someone and moving toward Shilen. My sire constant stream of curses turned into a full-blown shriek as chain met skin. She was pushed into a chair, and restraining himself from ripping out her heart, Sven continued to bind her. When he was done, my skin crawled at the abrupt silence. I looked around the chamber to find Aaron wishing he was somewhere else but here, and Alyssa hovering nearby. Huh, I thought. When did they start hanging around each other? Beside her, frozen ice solid, was Bradley. You incased him in ice? I mentally asked her. She nodded. He was going to kill Aaron. You know you can hold him still with your mind alone, right? She shrugged. I rather like this ice prison better. I nodded. Where's your sire? He should be here with you. She went paler if it was possible. Oh, he's coming. At that, the double doors opened, and Trent entered followed by Ian, blanked of all emotion. Oh, shit, something was wrong. My stomach churned as one of the hooded figures looked their way.
"I have an announcement to make," Ian said and strode past me, stopping before the drain in the center of the room. The others turned to look at him.
"Is it of importance?" Evelyn asked.
"It is of an urgent matter."
"Continue."
He took in a deep breath, as if gathering himself. "Kira Conoleki and Corinne Taupher have been taken by a necromancer name Valirio not fifteen minutes ago." Dead, silence. No one even breathed, and Aaron's pounding heart sounded like a war drum in my ears. "I got a call from Kira two minutes ago." I looked to Shilen and wanted to stab her all over again. She gave me a satisfying smile. That fucking bitch, I silently snarled and barely stopped myself from launching across the room and slapping her head off right then and there. "She says if we wanted her and Corinne back. We are to release Shilen Devoreau."
"Alright," Evelyn said and yanked down her hood. "Fuck formalities," she snarled and flashed to Shilen. She grabbed her by the throat and forced her to meet her eye. Shilen once again shrieked in pain. "Let's see what we have here," Evelyn said conversationally. The other three Council members also forgone formalities. Tristan flashed to Ian, while the other two descended on Bradley. Alyssa yelped, releasing her icy hold on the rogue. Bradley let out a snarl and lunged for Elijah.
"Oh," Elijah drawled. "It's about time," he said and punched his hand into Bradley's chest. Bradley gasped and looked at Elijah, wide eyed. As if suddenly scenting prey in the air, Tristan's head whipped around, and his eyes locked on the crimson liquid pooling on the floor. "Oops," Elijah said and winced. "Taylor?"
"I'm on it," Taylor said and flashed to Tristan. "Brother?" When he didn't respond, she sighed and quicker than I could track, she snapped a cuff around his wrist. Tristan staggered and only Ian's hand on him kept him from hitting the floor.
"Fuck," Tristan snarled.
"Fuck indeed," Taylor said cheerfully and patted his shoulder.
He looked down and scowled at the reddish silvered cuff. "You have one too?" he asked, sighing.
"Of course, we all have one or two. Well, all but you." She took out the second cuff. "Do I need to put the second one on you?" He eyed it for a long time and nodded. Taylor grunted and snapped it around his other wrist.
"Now that is done and over with," Elijah said to a gasping Bradley. "Where were we?" He looked thoughtful for a moment. "Ah, right," he said and ripped out Bradley's heart.
"Not a step, brother," Taylor warned. "Or I'll call Casiar or Riordan here to drop your ass."
"Shilen is all yours," Evelyn said a second later and walked to Tristan. I looked over to my sire and flashed over to her.
"I wonder," I said thoughtfully. "How I can kill you in less than a second."
"Perhaps this will help?" Elijah asked, handing me back my blade. I took the thin blade from him and nodded my thanks.
"Any pain you inflict on me, you inflict on yourself," Shilen hissed.
"Oh I know," I said conversationally. "But I won't be bleeding all over the floor now, will I?" We both gasped as I slowly inch my blade into her stomach. Taking a deep breath, I pulled it out and whipped it across the wound before it started on the process of healing. She let out a scream, and I stiffened, gasping at the pain. Someone put a hand on my shoulder, and I looked up to find Riordan staring at me.
"Is causing yourself pain really necessary?" he asked.
"No, but causing my sire pain is," I groaned.
"Sheathe your blade, hunter." I grumbled and did as I was told. He gave me a gentle squeeze and moved me aside. "Casiar and Jailyn are already on Valirio's trail," he said to the others. Sven pulled me into him, muttering something unintelligible under his breath. "That is enough, Devoreau," Riordan said quietly. Shilen's pitiful screams abruptly quieted into a whimper. Pathetic, I thought and glared at her. Riordan put a hand under Shilen's chin, tilting her head back until she was looking him in the eye. "Perhaps you can entertain me for a brief minute or two, hmm?" he said in a soft dangerous tone.
"Go fuck yourself," Shilen hissed. Sven's hold tightened around me and pulled me back as I tried to reach out and punch her brains out through her nose. Riordan smiled, and once again, Shilen screamed. His hands dropped to her shoulders as she went taut, and then her body contorted painfully. Riordan ripped the chains off her, kicking the chair from under her and body slamming her to the floor. I looked around and realized that everyone was watching in fascinated interest. Well, everyone except for the sixteen unresponsive vampires, clueless to everything that was happening around them. I returned my attention back on my sire and Riordan.
"Shhh," he said soothingly.
"Stop it!" she shrieked, writhing underneath him. She bucked, and I could see sweat beating on her skin. This would have been considered funny, if it wasn't for her obvious pain.
"Oh, I will," Riordan said smugly. "Just as soon as you tell me what I want to hear."
"I'll tell you anything," she begged. I snorted.
"Oh I'm sure you will." He smiled chillingly. "Because if you don't, I'm going to happily rip your soul from you." I gasped, realizing belatedly that I should've felt the agonizing pain along with her, but I wasn't. I looked again to the others. Tristan's attention was not on my sire. It was on me, his eyes practically drilling into my skull. He was so focused on me; I wondered if he knew what was happening to Shilen. I looked to Sven questioningly. He's making sure you don't feel anything she's feeling, he mentally said in my head. I scowled at him. He put a finger to my lips. I asked him to, sweetheart. Before I could protest, Shilen gave a bloodcurdling scream. My eyes snapped back to Riordan. "Now, tell me who gave you a third chance at life, because no one is ever that lucky to begin with. Tell me, Devoreau, who decided to fuck with balance and brought your pretty ass back to the living? Tell me, and I promise I'll let you go."
"Kieran!" she screamed at him.
He chuckled. "And, where can I find Kieran?"
"Sacramento." I grimaced as her screams grew louder by the second.
"Where in Sacramento?" This was more entertaining than I've thought, watching her in pain and begging to be spared. "I want his exact location." After a moment, Riordan smirked and nodded, stroking her damp hair from her face. "I thank you for your cooperation." A look of relief briefly flashed in her eyes, and I winced. Her screams slowly died down, and the already built up tension in the room amped up even more. I took in a slow breath and held it. Out the corner of my eye, I saw Evelyn nodding. Riordan nodded, and my eyes widened as Shilen let out another bloodcurdling scream, her body arching off the floor. As Riordan rose to his feet, I stared at the incorporeal form of my sire. All the way on the other side of the room, Alyssa gasped. "As I've promised," he said and reached out, yanking on something I couldn't see. The abrupt silence was like a slap to my face. I blinked, shaking my head.
"Wow," I breathed.
"Catch him!" Alyssa yelled. With me still in his arms, Sven spun around, in time to see a shadowy hand reaching out and catching Tristan as he fell. The shadowy figure lowered him to the floor and floated over to us. "Who the hell are you?" I spluttered in surprised. I pulled from Sven and turned back to Riordan. It ignored me and stopped before him.
"He is coming," the shadowy thing whispered. He nodded, just as another translucent form manifested out of nowhere.
"Um," I said slowly. "How am I seeing all this?"
He glanced at me and smirked. "Because I'm allowing you to."
"Oh," I said as the shadowy figure reached out to the corporeal body of Shilen and yank out the heart. The second spirit reached out and grabbed Shilen. I choked as I realized who the second spirit was.
"Oh shit," Evelyn screeched, and Riordan looked surprised as hell.
"Oh my god," I breathed. I reached out and poked the second spirit's chest. Of course, my finger went through it like air, and a subtle coldness closed around my hand. "Oh my god," I repeated and punched Shilen in the face. The second spirit smirked when my hand passed through it harmlessly. He said something I couldn't hear, and Riordan nodded, still unable to say anything. With a smile and a wave, he disappeared, taking Shilen with him.
"Oh my god." This time, it wasn't me that said it, it was Tristan. Riordan slowly turned and smirked.
"Well," he said. "Shilen won't be coming back to life anytime soon. As you can see, she's in a bit of a trouble."
"So wait," I said. "She's going to be staying in the abyss?"
"Oh no, not for long. Once he is done with her, he will take her to a special place where she should be in the first place."
"Do I want to know what this place is?"
He gave me an evil smile. "No. You don't."
I nodded. "So, where is this Valirio person?"
Riordan looked around himself. "Before we go, let's lock them up," he said, waving to my sixteen siblings.
"Don't worry," said Evelyn. "I'll take care of them." Everyone in the Council chamber looked at them thoughtfully. Everyone but Aaron, who fainted somewhere toward the end.
"Ah," Alyssa said nervously. "Can they be saved?"
"We'll worry about that later," said Elijah. "Right now, we have a necromancer to take care of." She nodded and looked at Aaron. "He is fine." Elijah reassured her. "Take him out to the lounge." I turned to Sven and rested my head on his chest, sighing. He put his arms around me and chuckled.
"I think we could all use a drink while Evelyn takes care of the stragglers," Taylor said and walked to the double doors. I lifted my head and looked toward Tristan, who was out of cuffs, and nodded.
Outside, I inhaled the refreshing night air and groaned. Sven's hand at my lower back urged me onward, as Riordan, the shadowy thing, and Tristan followed behind us. We've been walking for the past seven minutes with no signs of life walking about. Was tonight a uh? stay inside day or something? If we didn't come upon a group of humans in the next three minutes, I was going to do a B&E. Behind me, Riordan let out a sigh. "So," he said dryly. "You shadow person, what can you tell me about Jordana Leivlend? Do you know where she is?" At the mentioned of Jordana Leivlend, Sven stiffened. "Let's stop here," he said, pulling Sven and me to a stop. We came to a stop behind a closed book store. "I'll send out a mental pull for a few humans and bring them our way." He glared at the shadowy thing and growled. "Talk."
"She is with the necromancer," the shadow hissed. Tristan's hand shot out and smacked into Sven's chest, causing him to stumble backward a few steps. He gave Sven a hard look. After a long intent charged moment, Sven growled and nodded.
"Is she still alive?"
"Yes." I turned my head at the sudden fresh scent in the air. About time, I silently muttered, as four humans came toward us.
"Is she alive?"
"She is," it said, as I reached out to one of the humans.
"And, how many vampires, humans, or shall I say, minions are with this necromancer?"
"About ten."
Riordan smiled. "Thank you, you may now depart." I pulled the human close and sank my fangs into his neck. The shadow figure nodded and faded into the night. The air rippled, as Sven, Tristan, and Riordan grabbed for the humans. Snarls greeted my ears, as I pulled the hot, sweet blood down my own throat.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-three

CORINNE

"Why are we here again?" I asked. Across from me, Kira stretched and sighed.
"Because," she said dryly. "I have no intention on finding out what it feels like to have death magic cast on me."
I slammed my head into the wall of our cell and glared at the dim light bulb overhead. "Point," I muttered. "Can you get in touch with Tristan? Because I can't."
She shook her head. "Nope, I can't get in touch with any others either. Stupid magic."
"Yeah, and we can't get out of this cell either."
"Have you tried? you know." I looked at her blankly. She pointed to her ear and tilted her head, as if she was listening to something. I follow her lead and scowled. I could hear what sounded like a hum, a hum of an electronic device. We were being listened in on? Of course, we were. "Poof," she said dramatically and snapped her fingers. I tried not to laugh and shrugged. "Well?"
"Even if I could, I'm not going to leave you here." The crackle of magic in the air felt like an annoying, persistent prickles against my skin. It wasn't the same as the danger-danger tingles I got with vampires.
"This is like my second time getting voluntarily kidnapped," she grumbled.
"The first time wasn't voluntary."
"Actually, it was. Though, I only made it so. If I didn't, it was going to be an order." She looked thoughtful. "I take that back, the whoring was an unwilling volunteering, but the kidnapping I soooo did not volunteer for."
I winced and smirked. "Did you get paid for your hard work?"
"Of course I did. If I didn't, I was going to rant and rave until I got paid."
"Cookies?" I asked dryly.
She glared at me. "No," she said slowly. "It was a nice fat ass check in the mail."
"You didn't ask for chocolate?" I asked and gasped in mock horror.
She snorted. "I did, and I got it." She coughed. "He doesn't know."
I just stared at her. "Conoleki?"
"Yes?"
"He knows," I drawled. "Trust me, he knows."
She sighed. "Right, you're probably right." I glanced at the door as it opened. "Oh," she said cheerfully. "We have company." And by company? I got a knife to the gut.
"Shit," I gasped. "That hurts." Kira snarled and took a knife in the arm, a knife meant for my neck. I reached up and jerked the knife out, throwing it out the door. It struck a dirty-looking vampire in the shoulder. He snarled and pulled it out, stalking into the room. He slammed the door shut and glared down at us.
"Where is he?" he hissed.
"Where is who?" I asked and pulled the knife out of my stomach.
"Tristan," he spat. I looked to Kira, who looked back at me, an exasperated look on her face.
"What the hell is so special about him?" I asked, glaring at him. "And for all you know, we have no idea who he is."
He sneered at me. "Don't try that on me, fledgling."
I shrugged. "I may be a baby in this life, but I can sure as fuck kick your scrawny ass from this state to the next forty-nine states over."
"Is that so," he asked dangerously.
"Yep," I said and nodded, throwing the bloody knife at him. This time, it got him in the heart. "Score!" I exclaimed, as he fell.
"Oh," Kira said excitedly. "We're in for it now," she sang and tore off the head.
"Too bad they took your phone," I muttered and groaned, as pain exploded in my head. Colorful, a cheerful female voice said in my head. Huh? I silently asked stupidly. I yelped as she flitted through my mind. Get out, I silently growled. Colorful, she repeated. Who the hell are you? Bloody, bloody, bloody. Hey, crazy vampire, get out of my head. But I want to see. See what? I winced, as she continued to poke around in my head.
"Corinne?" Kira said, looking at me with concern. I put up a hand. What is it, in my head that you want to see? I silently asked. And do you do this to every vampire held prisoner? Yes, she silently said, still cheerful. Might I ask you to tell me what you're looking for, and maybe I can help? My sire. I blinked. You're sire? She huffed in my head. What's your sire's name? And what's yours? She sighed, and I yelped, as my brain rattled in my skull. My name is Jordana. I like yours, Corinne. Um? thanks? She gasped, and my head pounded painfully as she did a mental version of jumping up and down in excitement. I clutched my head and groaned. You know him, she silently screeched. Know who? I gasped as an image flashed before my mind's eye. I blinked, blinked again, and frowned. Sven is your sire? My original sire, Jordana said, sighing. Original? I don't have a sire no longer. I felt her death mere hours ago. Shilen? I mentally hissed. Yes, she growled. She abruptly vanished, and the door once again opened. A tall, slender, female vampire with long blond hair to her waist stepped into the cell and closed the door. Her eyes lit up when she saw the dead vampire on the floor.
"You left me a present," she gasped and bent to pick up the head.
"Jordana?" I asked uncertainly. She ignored me and cracked open the head she was holding. Kira and I watched, as she reached inside and pulled out the brain. I blinked at her. Was that really a brain she was holding? I watched in disgust, horror, and fascination. As she ripped off a bloody chunk of it and sucked on it like a lollypop. "Jordana?" I repeated. She looked at me, as if realizing she wasn't alone. She grinned and held out the brain to me.
"Want some?"
"No, thanks," I said slowly.
"All mine," she sang and swallowed the one still in her mouth.
"Jordana," Kira said carefully, looking a little nauseated.
Jordana bit off a chunk of the brain, slurped at the blood, and looked at her. "Yes, blondie?"
"Can you let us out?"
She pointed a bloody finger at Kira. "No, no, no," she sang. "I can't do that," she continued and bit off another chunk of the brain. "You sure you don't want some? It's delicious." Kira and I nodded. She swallowed and bit off another chunk. We watched her in silence as she finished it off. When she was done, she punched her hand into the dead vampire's chest and yanked out the heart. "Frisbee?" she asked and tossed the bloody organ into the air and catching it. She popped the heart into her mouth whole, tilting her head back and swallowing. A few seconds later, she spit it back out, the heart freed of blood. She dropped it and stepped closer to us. Kira and I stiffened. She licked her lips and tilted her head to the side. "Uh oh," she said and looked toward the door. "Someone is coming." Her eyes widened. "I hear something about the Council," she said a split second before Tristan slipped into my head.
"Jordana," I said gently. She looked at me. "Are you under order to kill us?" I asked carefully.
She looked thoughtful. "I'm hungry."
I stared at her. "But you just ate a brain."
She sighed with contentment. "I want more. Is there more?" She looked around and pouted when there was no more intact head on the floor. She looked back at us. "Can I have yours?"
"No way!" Kira and I exclaimed in unison.
"But," she said, scowling. She turned to the door and glared at it. "The Council is here." She glanced back at us. "Are they going to kill me?"
"Uh? I? don't know." I give Tristan a mental nudge. I mentally grumbled when he didn't respond. Her eyes once again lit up in excitement. She yanked the door opened and practically skipped from the room. She looked back at us when we didn't follow her.
"Are you coming?" she asked.
"I thought you weren't letting us out," said Kira.
"The Council is here. Fuck Valirio, he can kiss my white ass. Now come before I eat your brains. They're delicious you know." I nodded, and we followed her from the cell-like room.
"Ah," she said, and I stiffened as a manic look glinted in her black eyes. "This is going to be fun," she hissed. "Fun, fun, fun," she sang and flashed up the stairs. She stopped before the door leading outside. "I can't leave," she said, laughing. She stopped abruptly and spun about. "I've been waiting for this day since forever," she said and snapped a rogue's neck, a rogue that came from out of nowhere. "Oopsy," she said and tore off the head. "More brains," she growled.
"Okay," I said slowly. "Jordana, can you save your brains for later?" She dropped the body and the head and looked down the hallway. She started laughing again. Kira and I looked at each other.
"Jordana," a male voice called. "Where did you get off to?" I gaped as she began to bang her head against the wall, still laughing.
"Jordana," I said softly. "Can we open this door?" She ignored me and continued to bang her head against the wall.
"Jordana," the voice repeated, sounding a lot closer.
"Valirio," she sang, and bang her head harder. Okay, I silently said and waved my hand in front of her face. She stopped laughing and banging her head, and blinked at me.
"Can I let the Council inside?" I asked, softly, slowly.
She grinned. "Of course," she said, and before I could take a step toward the door, she flashed to it and body slammed it open. She went rigid, as I just stood there, shocked as she convulsed. Kira and I staggered at the loud boom, and the building shook. Valirio rounded the corner and briefly froze. Jordana's eyes rolled to the back of her head, and she fell forward, going limp. Busted, she mentally sang.
"What have you done?" Valirio hissed.
"Nothing," she said, giggling. "I only made your wish come true faster. You should be excited." She popped from the ground and laughing maniacally, ran into the night. She didn't get far though, as Sven appeared from nowhere and grabbed her. The earth once again shook, and a pale hand flashed and yanked me out the door. Kira yelped as she was forced to follow. I glanced up and met the hard gaze of Tristan. He pulled us into the shadows as hunters descended on the building-all of them, but Sven who dropped in front of us with a struggling, giggling Jordana held tightly in his arms. Tristan stopped, and I stiffened as a cold sensation washed over all of us. The night was suddenly pitched black, so dark that even I couldn't see anything. Jordana stopped giggling, going very still in Sven's arms. She inhaled deeply, and? started laughing, again. "Sire?" she said slowly. "Can you let me go now?"
"No," Sven said, just as slowly.
"But I want brains," she whined.
"You'll get your brain soon," he said uncomfortably.
"She will," Tristan said dryly.
"I will?" she practically squealed.
"Would you like a heart on the side?"
"No," she mumbled.
"All the better for me," Casiar said from behind me. The darkness lifted, and Jordana attempted to launch herself at Casiar.
"Give me," she hissed eagerly. "Give me, give me, give me." Her hand shot out and snatched the bloody brain from him. Tristan dropped his hand from me and cupped Jordana's chin, forcing her to look up at him. She was again, sucking on a chunk of the brain like a lollypop. Her expression went blank.
"Jordana," he said gently. "Who is your sire?" Sven stiffened, and I held my breath.
"Sven Skarshlen," she replied tonelessly.
"I thought Shilen Devoreau is your sire."
"Not anymore."
"Why do you say such?"
"She's dead. I felt it."
"Did you refer to her as sire when she was alive?"
"No, I called her by her name. She doesn't like it."
"Do you get punished for not calling her sire?"
"Mistress, you mean?" I gaped, Sven and Tristan looked like they wanted to murder someone, and everyone else sighed or snorted. "She fries my brain for disrespecting her."
"Tell me more."
"I have a chip in my head, and every time I disobey the rules or call her bitch, she presses a button on a small remote." Sven snarled.
"Is she the only one with the remote? If not, who else has it?"
"No, Valirio has one."
"Is that what he uses to shock you when you open the door?"
"No, it was magic."
"Tell me more."
"It's on all the outside doors and windows, and some of the walls."
"Now tell me, how was she able to fake your death?"
"Valirio and Kieran helped her."
"Are they in the building now?"
"Yes." He smiled and released her. She blinked, but didn't say anything as she continued to devour the brain.
"Jordana?" She looked back up at him. "What do you say to being re-sired?"
She stiffened. "By who," she hissed, and that manic look glinting in her eyes became more pronounced.
"By Sven and Liana." She relaxed and smiled creepily. Kira and I continued to remain silent throughout the conversation. "You can be sired three times. Do you remember?"
She nodded rapidly. "First is to become a vampire," she said, swallowing her last mouthful. "And you can be re-sired twice more. After that, the re-sire-ing is nil. It will be like being awaken from torpor."
"Very good. Now tell me, have you killed any innocent throughout the years of being Shilen's childe?"
She paled. "I? I?" Before Tristan could calm her or reassured her in some ways, she went rigid and jerked in Sven's arms. Tristan grunted and dropped his hand, taking a step back.
"Electroshocks," he growled. "Magically enhanced." After a minute, Jordana went limp. She smiled up at Tristan. "Did you feed today, Jordana?"
"No," she said slowly under her breath. Her eyes went unfocused, and she sighed. "Babies? I want babies. They are so sweet and succulent." A reverent look crossed her face, and she again, sighed. "If I'm good, I get to have babies for dinner," she said and giggled.
Tristan chuckled and took her from Sven. "Go on," he said, and Sven disappeared into thin air.
"Can I kill too?" I finally asked.
"No." I grumbled.
"Can I?" Kira asked.
He grunted. "Be careful." She nodded and ran off. "If I feel a hint of pain from you, I will not be pleased in the slightest," he called after her. He turned and headed deeper into the trees with me following behind. Jordana looked over his shoulder to me. "Jordana," Tristan said in a warning tone. "Jordana," he repeated when she didn't look away from me. We came to a stop, and he set her down on her feet. "Jordana," he growled. She smiled at me before looking at him, eyes wide and filled with mischievous intent. "Stop."
"I'm not doing anything." I grunted, feeling the pressure in my head.
"Hey!" I exclaimed. "You've already been in my head, get out."
"But it is so colorful," Jordana said, sighing. I leaned against one of the trees and stared up at the night sky. After a long moment, she pouted, and I felt her leaving my head. I winced as a loud explosion went off in the far distance. I looked at Tristan. His eyes narrowed on me.
"That wasn't me," he said dryly. I nodded and waved to Jordana who was studying the ground with great interest. How old is she? I mentally asked him. She is three hundred and twenty years old, he silently answered. I again nodded. He glanced off to the distance, as Cole stepped from the shadows. Jordana's head shot up, and she grinned at him. Cole put up a hand.
"I don't have any brains with me," he said to her, and she went back to pouting. Chuckling, Tristan reached out to me, and everything went dark.

ARI

"Reinforcements are on the way!" I shouted, both mentally and out loud. I jumped backward, kicking out and sending a rogue flying through one of the shattered windows. I flew out after him and tackled him back to the ground. He snarled, and I punched my hand into his chest, yanking out the heart. I dropped it and tore off the head and got up. I flew back inside and tossed the head into the air, straight at another rogue. Raina flashed to him and ripped out his heart, throwing it to Jailyn who deafly caught it. She smirked and disappeared down another hall just as another explosion went off. I winced. Raina and I looked at each other and followed the direction of the explosion. We came to a stop before a huge plume of dust. "Ow?" Kira groaned. "Ow-ow-ow, fuck my life so hard right now."
"Kira?" I said and squinted. "Need help?" There was a loud crash and a curse. Kira appeared from the dust, grimacing.
"I hate explosions," she growled and ran her fingers through her hair, dislodging dust, splinters of wood, and other debris. "Oh great," she muttered. "Here comes Tristan." Not a second later, Tristan appeared between us, scowling at Kira. Sighing, he walked into the dust and disappeared. There was a startled yelp, and then a gurgle. Raina, Kira and I winced, as fresh blood filled the air. "Incoming!" she yelled. Before I could turn to drive my blade into vital body parts, vertical came over me, and I dropped as if someone yanked my feet from under me.
"What the," I said weakly, as black dots danced in my peripheral vision. "Hell?" I finished, as Raina and Kira also hit the floor. They were out like a light, while I barely hung on to consciousness. Two necromancers came into my view. One of them glared at me when he saw me still conscious. Conscious or not, I felt like shit.
"Did you lose someone, Valirio?" Tristan asked from somewhere, an amused tone to his voice. Tristan sounding amused? Bad sign.
"Where is she?" one of them, Valirio, hissed.
"Where is who? I haven't gotten the slightest idea who you are inquiring about. Do be more specific, if you please." Valirio snarled, and the heavy lethargy holding me down lifted, allowing me to move. I pushed off the ground and launched myself at the other necromancer. He started muttering something under his breath, and I elbowed him in the throat, praying he didn't know how to cast without speaking out loud. I yelped as his fangs sank into my arm.
"Mother! Fucking! Son of a constipated! Fucking! Pieces of shit eating! Whore!" I shrieked, jerking my arm away and grabbed him. Twisting his head three hundred and sixty degrees, I kicked him between his legs, sending him airborne to crash through the wall several feet away. Cole appeared and putting a foot into Kieran's back, he bent and ripped off the head. There was a very delightful squeal, and a vampire flashed to his side and snatched the head from his hands. That's Jordana, Tristan said into my head. I nodded and turned at the sound of choking. Tristan had Valirio in a painful headlock. Cole and Jordana flashed over to me, and I walked over to the necromancer. Jordana nudged him with her foot.
"Cole," Tristan said tonelessly.
"No more rogues around," said Cole. "She wanted something from the necromancer." He shrugged.
"I want that remote," Jordana sang and stuck her hand into the head, extracting the brain. I stared at her as she quickly ate the brain and closed her eyes.
"Ewww," I muttered.
"Delicious," she said under her breath. "He doesn't have it or know where it is," she hissed a few seconds later. She plowed into Tristan, forcing him to release the necromancer and jumping back. She punched Valirio in the mouth as he muttered something. "No! No! No!" she shrieked. Her shriek brought every vampire to us. She snarled and bitch slapped Ian across the room as he launched for the necromancer. "Mine!" Jordana screeched. "Mine!"
Ian slowly got up and raised his hands into the air. "Okay," he said slowly. "Okay, he's yours. He's all yours. No one will touch him."
"I'll bite off your testicles," she hissed. Every single male in the room flinched and took a step back. Tristan's cold hand closed around my upper arm and pulled me back into the crowd of vampires. Jordana finally straightened when we were a good distance from her and the necromancer. She licked the blood from her hands and smiled up at the ceiling. "Now where was I?" She turned to Valirio and frowned. "What's wrong?"
"My magic isn't working, you impotent little twat!" Valirio spat at her.
"Awww, what happened? Did Twistan take away your wittle power?" She dropped ungracefully to the floor and punched her hand into his stomach. He screamed as she pulled out his spleen. Still screaming, she shoved it into his mouth. He choked and spat it out, and she pouted at him. "No likey?"
"You little whore!" he snarled and flashed to his feet. Before she could get out of his way, he grabbed her and tossed her to the other side of the room. She flipped gracefully in midair, landing in a crouch.
"Sven," Tristan growled. Sven, who took a step forward, gritted his teeth and backed off.
"Now that wasn't nice," Jordana hissed.
"I'm going to make you bleed," Valirio growled.
"You are?" she asked sweetly. "Try it!" she shrieked and laughed, launching herself at him. He dodged her, and she kicked out with her leg, clipping him in the head. "Play," she said cheerfully. "Play, play, play. Play with me." She half scream, half laughed as Valirio grabbed her hair and yanking her to the floor. She was still laughing as his hand went to her throat. He grunted, and I inwardly shuddered as Tristan's energy grew stronger. "You can't kill me," she said, giggling. He frowned when he couldn't squeeze the living fuck out of her. "You can't kill me," she sang and spat in his face. He jerked, hissing. Ah, I thought. Venom. He wiped the venom off his face, cursing, because not only his face burned, his hand also burned. "Where is the remote?" she asked and shoved him off her. Beside me, Tristan stiffened. I looked at him. "They're here," Jordana snarled and banged Valirio's head against the floor. She straightened and pointed a finger at Tristan. "No killing him, no, no, no."
"I won't kill him, sweetheart," he said, smirking. "I give you my word." She squealed and flashed out the ruined door, Sven cursing and flashing after her. This time, Tristan didn't stop him. "Move it!" he snarled, and everyone flashed from the room, weapons in hand.
"How many?" I asked.
"About fifty." He dropped his hand from my arm and nudged me toward the door.
"Would you like any of them alive?"
"No," he growled, and I smirked, turning around and planting a kiss on his cheek before flashing away. Oh, he growled in my head. I will get you back for that. You have to catch me first, I silently challenged. You are on, he mentally purred, and I held back a shiver. But first, let's see how many rogues you can decapitate, hmm? I sped up when I felt him closing in on me. I darted out a broken window and ran into the trees, to a river bank, and dove in after five rogues.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-four

"Jordana," Tristan called to her. "No playing with your food, sweetheart." I looked toward her and winced as she pulled intestines, lungs, cracking ribcage, all the while giggling with merriment. I smiled and drove my silver blade into the throat of a rogue, decapitating her. I grabbed hold of another rogue and hauled him out of the water. The remaining three rogues struggled against an invisible force, as they too, were dragged from the water. All around us, more rogues were falling or screaming in pain. I kneed the one I was still holding, and he doubled over. I took that moment to bury my blade into the back of his neck, parting the head from the shoulders. I love my job I thought and punched another rogue in the stomach, driving the breath out of him. Liana grinned at me and dug her fingers into the rogue's neck.
"They have guns," she hissed. "Custom-made, and I bet you it's filled with that awesome lovely drug we love so much."
"Oh shit," I hissed. Tristan let out a low growl and disappeared into thin air. "Anyone got hit?"
Liana shook her head. "Not that I know of."
I nodded. "Jordana," I said and waved to her. "Come join us."
"More rogues," she hissed. "Under the water."
"How many?"
She shrugged. "I smell seven."
"Come out of the water. They will follow." She looked at me doubtfully, but nodded. "Did you hear what Liana just told me?"
"I did," she said and giggled. "It hurts." Liana and I just stared at her.
"I'm sorry? But how do you know that?"
"I was one of the test subjects of course. It was brilliant."
"Were you?" I growled.
She grinned, the manic look back in her eyes. "They drained me into a bucket, and then they fed me babies, lots and lots of babies." I gritted my teeth, as red clouded my vision. "I was the only vampire available at the time you see." Her expression went distant. "I destroyed eleven families." I swallowed, shaking my head. "They were all family of six, a mother, a father, and four children, all under the age of five." Liana looked at me desperately. I grimaced, because killing innocents was an automatic death sentence. I looked at Jordana, standing on the edge of the river, hair plastered to her head and completely drenched. She looked back at me, a pleased smile on her face. "Are you going to kill me now?" she asked cheerfully.
"No," I said slowly. "I'm not going to kill you."
"Is your mate?"
I winced. "I cannot speak for him."
She giggled. "Oh well," she said and turned back to the river. She grunted, going rigid. I flashed to her side and caught her before she could fall into the water.
"What's wrong with her?" Liana asked.
"I have no idea." She nodded and moved in a blur, snarling and stabbing a rogue in the head. One arm around Jordana, I unsheathed a blade and threw it, hitting another rogue dead center in the heart. He fell, and Liana was there to catch him, tearing off his head in the process. She yanked my silver blade out and threw it back to me. I caught it, hilt first and sheathed it. I looked at Jordana, who was smiling at me. "Are you okay?" I asked uncertainly. She hissed, and I yelped as she drove her fangs into my carotid. "Leivlend!" I snarled and stuck a finger between my neck and her mouth. "Stop." She growled, and then snarled when I ripped her fangs from my neck. "No," I hissed. "No." Sven appeared from nowhere and took Jordana from me.
"Stop," Sven growled, rolling her. "Sorry about that," he said to me.
I shrugged. "It was nothing. She just startled me."
He nodded. "I got it here, you're wanted inside."
"Alright, need anything just shout," I said and headed inside.
It was chaos inside. I stood in the broken doorway, dripping water onto the floor, and surveying the scene before me. Body parts littered the floor, walls, and ceiling. I whistled under my breath. No one was around this part of the building, but I could hear hisses, snarls, and grunts of pain farther in. Dust molts danced in the air as I entered and made my way to a stairway. At the top of the landing where more body parts were scattered, I ducked as what looked like a half of a broken door went sailing over my head. I straightened and grabbed the rogue, snapping his neck. Flashing to the end of the darkened hallway, I slammed him headfirst into a wall. Spinning him around and punching my hand into his chest, I ripped out the heart and threw it down the hall. Ripping off the head, I dropped it and the body to the floor. My ears throbbed painfully as I made my way over to Rebecka. I stopped an arm's reach from her. She looked like she wanted to eat me. She smirked, and I scowled. "Trust me," she said dryly. "If I touch a hair on your head, my brother will skin me alive, sister or not."
I raised an eyebrow at her. "Oh I know he will," I said smugly. "Sven says I'm wanted here."
She shrugged. "They're all dying, be it slowly, painfully, and agonizingly." I was about to say something, but a strangled scream tore from my throat. Rebecka snapped to full attention, and her hand shot out and grabbed me before I could hit the blood-coated floor, convulsing. She pulled me into her, saying something I couldn't make out. Unimaginable pain ripped into me, and I let loose a shriek. Rebecka went rigid. "Tristan," she gasped.
"Take me to him!" I shrieked. "Please!" I added a split second later. Still gasping, she teleported. Appearing in another hall somewhere, my vision blurring from pain, I pulled from her and flashed to Tristan who was bathed in bright white light.
"Stop," the witch snarled at me. Do as she say, sweetheart, Tristan hissed in my head. I came to an abrupt halt and glared at the witch. I winced and raised an arm to cover my eyes from the ultra bright light. "You are so red, it's not even funny," the witch said, sounding very amused.
"Oh," Tristan gasped. "I can assure you, it's very funny, so much so that I'm dying inside." I took a step toward him and sucked in a sharp breath when I came to a stop, unable to go any further. Let me go, I mentally yelled at him.
"It won't be funny when you're a pile of ash on the floor," she snarled. Tristan, I silently snarled. Release me. I doubled over, panting, gasping.
"Yes, and I'll haunt you to death," Tristan hissed.
The witch screeched. "Not if Valirio gets his hands on you."
"Oh, he won't," he said dryly. "Trust me, he won't."
"And what makes you say that?" she hissed. My eyes flew open. Ignoring the burning to my poor retinas, I looked around.
"That would be me, darling," Rebecka said sweetly, and my head whipped around in time to see her snapping the witch's neck and driving her fangs in deep. The bright light winked out, and I hit the dirty floor as the tremendous pain was suddenly lifted. I moaned. I just wanted to lay there and not move for? maybe a century or two. "Delicious," Rebecka said a minute later. "Var r denna svartkonst?" she growled.
"Varfr?" he drawled and bent to take me into his arms. I flinched, but he held on, even though his skin was blistering like a motherfucker and healing so fast my eyes crossed in trying to keep up with the still angry-looking redness.
"S jag kan dra ut hans tarmar och livnr dem till min hund," she said in annoyance. "S jag kan dda honom, du idiot."
"Varfr syster, r det irritation jag hr?"
"Torstin! Jag r seris hr!"
He stiffened. "S r jag, Rigmora," he said slowly, softly, enunciating each word.
She grimaced and put up a hand in a defensive gesture. "I'm sorry," she said, sighing. "Please forgive me."
I looked between the two of them. "Nice names," I muttered.
"I'm sorry," she repeated. A minute later which probably felt like seconds to her, he relaxed slightly and nodded. I scowled at him when he pulled away. He chuckled.
"This way," he growled and turned. I grumbled and followed him. I was going to have a word or two with him when this was all said and done with. Mmm, is that so? Tristan said in my head. Yes. Can we just kiss and make up? I smirked. Nope. We stopped in front of a partially closed door, cutting off his next reply. "Would you like me to wake him for you?" he drawled to Rebecka.
She shrugged. "Might as well." I passed him and pulled the door out, sending it sailing down the hall where it smacked into a rogue rounding the corner.
"Don't you assholes know how to pick on someone your own size?" I yelled.
"Ariella," Tristan said in exasperation.
I smirked. "What?" He sighed, and we stepped into the room where the necromancer was still out like a light, Casiar, Jailyn, and Riordan standing around him. The air was so charged I could barely get air into my lungs, not that I needed to in the first place. All three stiffened and straightened. They all stared at Tristan, a scowl on their face.
"What?" Tristan said defensively. I held back another smirk.
"I," Casiar said slowly. "Am going to stab you to death. If that light didn't finish your arrogant ass off, I would have."
"Would you?"
"Don't try me."
"Okay," I said loudly. "This is not the time, nor the place." When they continued to glare at each other, I growled and pulled out my silver blade and put it between them. They actually took a step back, blinking, well Tristan did. Tristan cold hand clamped around my wrist, and I winced. "We have a necromancer to kill here, remember?" Casiar glared at Rebecka who was still in the doorway. "Guys!" I yelled and jerked away from Tristan. Riordan snarled, and my ass was thrown back as invisible force lashed out all around the room. "Ow," I snarled as my head hit the wall. "Quit it! Or I swear I'm going to chop off something you hold dear!"
"What the hell are you guys on about?" Evelyn growled, appearing in the doorway. "Are you all fucking high? Tristan almost got his ass fried, and you're all glaring at each other like a bunch of fucking idiots!" I slowly got up and glared at Tristan and Casiar. "By the way, Sven and his child are on their way here." She growled something under her breath and stalked down the hall. "And someone better kill that necromancer," she called back to us. "Or I will." And at that, Sven appeared out of thin air, holding a snarling Jordana.
"Kill," she hissed and tried to break out of Sven's unyielding hold. "Kill," she repeated, and then laughed. I winced. I was going to have nightmares, particularly the kind that involve mentally unstable vampire in them.
"Jordana," I said cheerfully. "Did you find the remote?"
She banged her head into Sven's chest. "No, no, no," she sang and giggled. "Wake him up," she yelled. "Wake him up. I want the remote." She stilled, and Sven actually looked panicked. He grunted, cursing. This made Jordana shriek in delight. I swore as fresh blood filled the air. I looked at her hand which I realize was gripping a hilt of a blade, a blade that was embedded deep in Sven's thigh.
"Du idiot barn!" he hissed and cursed as she pulled the knife out. He grabbed her wrist and snarled. "Lat ga," he growled.
"Make me," she giggled.
He snarled and set her on her feet, spinning her around to face him. "Sluta!" he hissed, rolling her before she could stab him again. "Nu."
"Okay," she said tonelessly. "I'll stop." In the middle of all this, my hand shot out and grabbed Tristan's arm, pulling him back. His muscles flexed beneath my hand, and I prayed he wasn't going to jump on Sven, because that would be? just awkward, given where the bleeding was coming from. He released her and stepped back, finally glancing down at his leg.
"Damn it," he muttered and glared at Jordana, taking the knife out of her slack grip. He took that knife and strode over to Valirio. I walked over to him and took it from him.
"Allow me," I said and drove it into Valirio's chest, a mere millimeter from his heart. He came awake with a pain gasped. "Uh, uh," I said sweetly. "Don't move, don't speak. Matter of a fact, don't even breathe."
"Or I'll shove this silver blade up your asshole," Brynna snarled from the doorway. "Trust me, I gladly do it."
"It's getting a little crowded in here," Rebecka muttered.
"It is," Jailyn said and disappeared, followed by Rebecka and Casiar. Riordan shrugged and went to lean against a wall, gesturing to Tristan, Sven, and Jordana.
"Let's give them some room, shall we?" he drawled. Tristan grunted as he was forced to move. "Come, brother. "I'll even feed you," he said dryly. "You could use a feeding," he continued, holding out a hand as Brynna stepped into the room. She smirked at Jordana.
"Don't worry, Leivlend," she said. "I'll keep his brain intact, just for you."
"Brain," Jordana said, sighing in anticipation. We all exchange looks, and Brynna shrugged. She nudged me aside. I grumbled, and let her take over.

BRYNNA

"Valirio, Valirio, Valirio," I said slowly. "You have been a bad, bad necromancer, haven't you?" He gasped as I planted my foot in his groin. "Not a word, that blade Ari so nicely put in you is a millimeter from piercing your heart. I can't have you paralyzed on me now can I?" I smirked. "I'm sorry about your friend." I looked thoughtful. "Kieran, wasn't it? Honestly, it was too bad he didn't last as long as you." I lifted my foot from his groin and bent, tapping the blade with my finger. "Now," I said and straightened. "Let's see how long you can remain silent," I finished cheerfully and drove the blade in deeper. He groaned, but didn't scream. "Good boy," I said sweetly. "I like to pluck out eyeballs," I growled and Jordana giggled. "So, if you don't answer my questions fast enough, I'll take out your eyes. Afterwards, if you still haven't answered me fast enough, I'll chop off a finger and so on. Do I make myself very, very, clear, necromancer? Nod if you do." He nodded. "Good. Now where was I?" I unsheathed one of my blades and slashed open his pants. He stiffened and eyed the wicked sharp steel in my hand. "What are you looking at?" I asked sweetly. Ari whistled under her breath and Tristan cursed. I smirked. "You all can leave if you like. This is going to get? messy."
"No, no, no," Jordana said excitedly. "I'm staying," she continued, laughing her head off. I wondered what was so funny. I glanced at her. She stared at the floor and started to mutter something under her breath. Shrugging, I turned back to Valirio.
"Hmm," I said. "What part of your body will be the first to go?" I pressed the tip of the blade into his groin as he opened his mouth to say something. "Did I say you can speak?" I asked sweetly. "If you are wondering why I'm not on my ass writhing in pain or knocked out, I'm sorry to inform you that your powers have been blocked for the duration of this moment. That includes your ability to do necromancy." I looked to Riordan and Tristan for confirmation. They nodded, and Valirio growled. "Now, how long have you been working for Shilen?" When he remained silent, too long for my liking, I smirked and slowly pressed the blade between his testicles, drawing blood. Jordana squealed while Tristan and Riordan cursed at me. I held back my own laugh as Valirio also cursed at me, his body taut as a cable. "How long?"
"Thirty-five years," Valirio gasped.
"Are you lying?" I asked, my voice, still sweet as sugar. "Because if you are, you won't have a dick to play with, Lirio boy. Can I call you Lirio?"
"You're fucking insane!" he hissed and screamed, as I inched the blade in deeper. "What do you want from me?"
"Do you know Shae?" I asked, ignoring him. "I heard she eats babies for dinner. Is that true?"
"I eat babies too," said Jordana.
I glanced at her. "I know you do," I said, smirking.
"Do I get to have babies if I'm good?"
"Jordana," said Sven. "How about we go look for that remote. You want that chip out, right?" I turned back to the necromancer as Sven distracted her from the thought of babies and brains.
"I haven't the slightest idea what you are talking about," Valirio said quickly as my eyes met his.
I sighed, and with a quick slash of my blade, I chopped off his balls. "Nope," I said cheerfully as Jordana doubled over, laughing. "You weren't fast enough." I looked back at the others in the room, giving Valirio some time to writhe and scream. I jerked the blade from his chest and tossed it back to Ari who looked somewhere between, oh my god and holy fucking of Mother Nature god help us all. She caught her blade and sheathed it. Tristan and Riordan looked like they were struggling, between deciding to put me in a mental ward for vampires, or just kill me. "Awww," I said, and Valirio screams grew, as I stabbed my blade into his side and whipped across his entire torso. Jordana looked like she was having the time of her life, watching Valirio's insides spilled out of him. I kicked him over and planted my foot into his back. I sheathed my blade and took hold of his head. The pool of blood slowly grew larger as he continued to bleed out. Unsheathing my silver blade, I took my foot from his back and drove it in the right side of his spine, preventing him from healing. His screams got louder if that was possible, and my ears throbbed painfully. "No," I said slowly. "You're not allowed to heal just yet," I said and flipped him face up. "Besides you and Kieran, may his soul rest in peace, are there any others like you out there?"
"No," he screamed at me.
I shrugged and stabbed a blade into his eye socket. "That can't be the truth, Lirio." I yanked my blade out, along with his right intact eyeball. "Oh hey look," I said cheerfully as Valirio tried and failing to push me away. He was in way too much pain to do anything but twitch uncontrollably. "My first ever intact eyeball." I flicked the blade into the air, letting the eyeball fly. "Jordana, catch." She lunged for it, caught it, and popped it into her mouth. "Disgusting," I said to her. "I said to catch it, not eat it." She shrugged.
"Eyeball is eyeball," she said and flashed back to her sire, who had a have-mercy-on-us-all look written all over his face. Riordan and Tristan gazes were switching between the still screaming Valirio and the huge pool of blood on the floor.
"Just a couple more questions," I said to Valirio. "And then I'll let you go."
"You lying twat!" he shouted at me. For that, I chopped off four of his fingers on his right hand. "Fucking bitch!" I chopped off his thumb. "You psychopathic whore!" I chopped off a pinky of his other hand.
"You're going to run out of fingers pretty soon," I said sweetly. "And then I'll have to move to your toes next." I smiled evilly at him. "And I haven't asked my last question yet," I said, pouting. "Don't you want to hear it?"
"I have a question," Riordan snarled. I looked at him and nodded. He stepped forward, Tristan at his side. My stomach churned. Uh oh, whatever they dug up from Valirio's head, I wasn't going to like it. "Tell us," Riordan growled, and Valirio's body arched off the floor. "Was it you, that passed the information of the Vampiric Council's approximate location to this shifter? Only a very few know where we are. So tell me, was it you?" I body slammed Valirio's body back to the floor and again, took hold of his head.
"I will crush your skull, if you lie," I hissed.
"Yes," Valirio choked out.
"Good," I said slowly, sweetly. "Telling the truth is usually better than telling a lie, isn't that right, necromancer?" I asked, and punched my hand into his throat, crushing bones and muscles as I reached for his brain. I sat up, taking him with me. I yanked out his brain, tossed it to Jordana, and got up. I bent and snapped him in half, tearing him apart. His heart somehow exploded from his chest, and I dropped the two halves of Valirio and looked up.
"If Jordana gets to have her brain, I get to have my heart," Casiar drawled and disappeared. I again looked around the room. Pieces of Valirio were all over the place, courtesy of Jordana playing Frisbee with them. Elijah, who came out of nowhere, took Casiar's place in the doorway. He sighed, shaking his head.
"Hi to you too, sire," I said conversationally. "You missed my handiwork."
"I can see that," he growled. "This place is going to blow in five." He quickly stepped aside as Jordana flashed toward him.
"Not yet!" she shouted, darting down the hall and disappearing.
"I take it we are done here?" Elijah asked. I nodded and went to him.
"All who should be dead are dead?" Riordan asked. Elijah nodded, putting a hand on my shoulder.
"It's all clear." Riordan nodded. "And Brynna, are you going to put away your blades or are you planning to cut off more body parts?" Elijah asked dryly as Ari held out my weapons to me.
"I think I'm done," I said, taking it from her and sheathing them. "For now."
"Everyone out in five minutes," my sire said and teleported, taking me with him.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-five

KIRA

I groaned and popped another cold ass blood bag to my fangs. Yes, I was rating Tristan's mini blood bank, and yes, it was now day time, two and a half hours after the epic explosion that rocked Sacramento. Thanks to a secret undercover at the human police station, it had less of an impact than it would have if it was your normal, everyday ordinary explosion. Matter of a fact, it would have been on the news worldwide faster than I could even think about uttering the word, 'fuck'. I drained the blood bag and crumpled the plastic in my hand. Getting that creepy danger-danger tingle up and down my spine, I knew that Tristan was standing behind me, his eyes practically drilling holes into the back of my skull. I tried to get him to tell me who was working undercover, but it was like talking to a doorknob for all the good it did me. I dropped the crumpled-up ball of plastic into the trashcan and turned to him. I peered up at him nervously. Last I saw him; he was shadow-bound and being carried away by Riordan, Jailyn, and Casiar. I had no idea if they fed him or not, and the fact that he was just standing there and not going for my throat, it didn't mean a thing to me, because any side to Tristan was scary and equally dangerous if not more so. I reluctantly met his white, ringed with red eyes and mentally sighed in relief. I quickly looked away before he could compel me. He chuckled. "I can compel you from anywhere, at any distance, and at any time," he said, reminding me that indeed, he could do it if he wanted to. "But I won't." He entered his office, and I followed him to his desk. He sighed and dropped into his chair, wincing and glaring at the brightness of the computer monitor. I leaned against his desk and watched him. "Have you seen Tryn? Or have you not gone back yet?"
"I have," I said. "For a little bit."
He gave the barest of a nod and started typing and clicking away. "How are they handling the death of Eric?"
I shrugged. "They're okay, I think."
"You think, hmm?"
"They don't talk about it."
"They're not coming back from hunting covered in blood or anything, are they?"
I shook my head. "No."
"And every human living under that roof is still alive, well, and sane?" I nodded as his fingers flew across the keyboard.
"And what of you?"
I grimaced. "I got over it pretty quickly," I muttered. "It's sad, but I didn't know him that well." He grunted, clicked on something and got up from his chair. I straightened.
"I understand," he said, walking to the door. There was a grunt, and I smirked as Jordana struggled in his arms. "Hello Jordana." She stopped struggling and peered up at him. "Have you been running around again?"
"I'm hungry," she whined.
"I know you are."
"I want babies."
"No babies," he said calmly.
"But."
"No. Babies." He brought her inside and closed the door. "Did you bring the remote with you, sweetheart?" She remained silent and still. He sighed and pulled back from her slightly. He tilted her head back. Hissing and with a quick slash to his wrist, he had it pressed over Jordana's parted lips. Her whole body jolt, eyes going wide. "Drink," he said slowly. The hairs on my arms stood at attention as the room grew charged. One hand came up, and she gripped his arm, her fingers digging in, not hard enough to break skin, but hard enough. She stiffened, and Tristan's other hand flashed to the back of her head, holding her there. Panic filled her eyes, and whatever Tristan was saying to her, she slowly relaxed and loosened her grip on his arm. "That's enough," he said softly. When she continued to feed, he looked her in the eye and rolled her. "That's enough, Jordana." She withdrew her fangs from his wrist. "Close it." She licked the wound shut and blinked as the compulsion lifted. I almost laughed when her expression changed from confused to drunken in a heartbeat.
"She's not actually drunk? is she?" I asked.
"You taste better than I can remember," Jordana said slowly, her eyes going distant.
Tristan led her to a chair and gently pushed her into it. "She's not drunk," he said a second later. The door opened, and Liana entered, closing the door behind her.
"Are you going to kill her?" she asked, looking back and forth between him and Jordana who still had a faraway look in her eyes. He looked at her, and smirked.
"What do you think? Should I kill her?"
She hesitated and shook her head. "I?"
"Has she done anything to warrant such a sentence?" At this, Liana looked a little panicked.
She took in a deep breath and composed herself. "She?"
"Liana," he said, sighing. "If you can't finish your sentences, I'm going to have to think the worst."
"You seen inside her head haven't you?" she asked quickly.
"I have."
"You know what she's been through?"
"I do."
"Then you know she's done some killing under the control of the necromancers and witches."
"What are you trying to tell me?" he asked softly.
"I don't think the Council should kill her."
He smiled, and my spine crawled. "We'll take that into consideration." He stared at Liana for a very, very long time. She shifted nervously and finally dropped into a chair beside Jordana who was by the way, still in her own little world. I wanted to slip into her head and find out what she was thinking about, but I was afraid of what I would find instead, something like? her in her baby eating sessions or something. I mentally shuddered at the image my poor brain conjured up. Jordana completely covered in blood, clawing at the bloody lump of baby parts and picking it off one by one. You are not helping the situation at the present, my dear, Tristan growled in my head. "Apart from the sixty-six innocent lives she so freely told you and Ari," he continued. "She has killed over a hundred humans, most of them children." Liana and I winced. "Now tell me, are you and Sven willing to go all out for her? That includes keeping her from killing anymore innocent humans and eating babies. Are you both willing to look after her for the rest of her existence?" She nodded. "Are you both able to rehabilitate her, and at the same time, be hunters?"
"We are," she said firmly.
"And if she doesn't live up to the rules, and as so much drain a human to the point of near death," he said softly. A cold chill came over me, and I gulped. "Are you both willing to put everything aside? And kill her?" My stomach did a little flip-flop, and I shuddered. A long minute past, before Liana finally nodded. "Very well, I'll talk to the others, and get back to you." She nodded again and looked a little relieved. She glanced at Jordana. "I need to get the chip out of her head." He cupped Jordana's chin, tilting her head back, until their eyes once again met. "Jordana," he said sharply. She blinked at him, her eyes refocusing on the here now. "Did you bring the remote with you?"
"It's in my pocket," Jordana replied cheerfully.
"Which one, sweetheart?"
"My left pocket." Tristan carefully reached into her pocket, pulling out a small remote-like device, and she jerked away from him. "Don't shock me," she screeched. "It hurts."
"I wouldn't do such a thing," he said reassuringly.
"I don't believe you."
He sighed and handed the remote over to Liana. "Have Brulia take a look at it?"
Liana nodded. "I will," she said and opened the door. "Should I be worried that it will somehow go off on me?"
"Not unless you try to take it apart yourself."
She gasped. "And you weren't going to warn me?"
"You didn't ask."
She glared at him. "You are such an asshole," she gritted out and disappeared down the dimly lit hallway. I snickered, and he glared at me.
"Sorry," I said. "But you really are an asshole." He growled something under his breath and touched the back of Jordana's neck. "Where is the chip located anyways?"
"At the base of her skull," he growled, and Jordana yelped as he dug his fingers into her neck. She whimpered, blood spilling out and onto Tristan's hand. Her whimpers turned into a pained groan as he dug his way in. A few seconds later, she convulsed, and he pulled his hand away. He snarled something and held her in place. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head, and she was out.
"Ouch," I said, taking in a deep breath. He glared at the door, as if willing Liana to hurry the hell up. That said door opened, but it wasn't Liana who entered, it was Casiar, Evelyn, and Allia.
"We have a situation, T," Allia growled. Tristan straightened and turned to fully face them. I didn't even see Casiar move, but the next thing I knew, Tristan hit the floor with a grunt, and Casiar hovering over him.
"Just a precaution," Casiar said dryly. "No hard feelings." A cold hand grabbed me, and I realized I was about to jump in to do? something.
"It's okay," said Evelyn. "Casiar only snapped the cuffs on him is all." Casiar jerked upright, and a pained hiss escaped him.
"Soren and Ulrika are on their way here," he snarled, and breath exploded from him as Tristan released him.
"What did you say?" Tristan asked stupidly.
"Soren and Ulrika are on their way here," Casiar repeated. Tristan stiffened. "Evelyn saw them coming about a week ago, and she has been paying close attention to their arrival ever since."
"Is this true?" Tristan asked her.
"It is," said Evelyn.
His eyes narrowed dangerously. "Very well," he said softly. "Let me know when they're in town. You probably don't need to, but I like to get a heads up."
Evelyn nodded. "I'll be sure to let you know. I think it's time for us to remind them about?" She paused. "Some things."
"We shall," Casiar growled, straightening and pulling Tristan up with him.
"I will be fine," said Tristan.
"Are you sure?" Casiar asked doubtfully.
"Casiar," Tristan said, sighing.
"Alright," Casiar said and unlocked both of the cuffs. He held them out to Tristan. "Take them, and give me your word that you'll snap them on before you go supernova on them."
Tristan took the cuffs and slipped them into his pocket. "I give you my word that I will snap them on," he said softly and sincerely. Casiar nodded and disappeared into thin air.
"T?" Allia said softly. Tristan looked at her questioningly. "Why are they here? Why here? Why now?"
"I have not the slightest idea," he said gently.
"Will you carry out your promise?" Evelyn's hand, still on my arm, tightened.
"I will, but first, I want to know why they've decided to come looking for us, and now when they could've done it four thousand years ago, or last year for that matter." Allia nodded. "And I won't let them lay a hand on you," he continued, including Evelyn in that last statement.
"Make that we," Elijah growled.
"Are we? are we interrupting something?" Liana asked from down the hall.
"You're not," Evelyn said, sounding resigned. Who were Ulrika and Soren? I thought as Liana and Brulia appeared in the doorway. Elijah put a hand on Evelyn's shoulder.
"Come, sister. Let's let Tristan remove the chip from Jordana." Evelyn released my arm and nodded. "You too Allia." I smirked as she glared at him. He shrugged, and she disappeared. He sighed and led Evelyn from the office. Liana and Brulia stepped through, and the witch frowned at Jordana who was still out cold.
"How long will she remain like that?" Liana asked.
"Shouldn't be long now," Tristan said tightly.
"I was able to dispel the device," said Brulia. Tristan nodded and went over to Jordana. He took her out of the chair and pressed his fingers into the back of her neck, which was by the way, completely healed. Brulia shuddered as Tristan once again, dug his way into Jordana's head. There was a long minute of silence, and then he withdrew his hand. I couldn't see the chip he was holding, but he nodded as his hand suddenly glowed orange, and then white, melting it. Jordana came awake with a pained groan, and he helped her back to her chair. His hand flashed, capturing her jaw, holding it immobile when she tried to bite him. She growled. He growled right back, and she hissed.
"That is enough, Leivlend," he said dangerously. I gasped, as she punched him in the mouth. He snarled, and cursed as she kneed him between his legs. Tristan released her, and she jumped on him, fangs going for his throat. She yelped as he grabbed her around the neck and held her an arm's length from him. Jordana screeched, and he grunted in pain. He turned his attention to Liana as Jordana kept up with her mental assault on him. "As for your co-sire-ing," he said, and Sven appeared out of thin air. He took Jordana out of Tristan's hold, and she kneed him in the balls as well.
"Fuck," Sven snarled. His hand slammed into her throat as she tried to bite him. Tristan reached out and cupped her chin, forcing her to look up at him.
"Stop," he growled, her expression briefly going blank. She blinked a couple of times, shaking her head, and then she screamed.
"I'm hungry!" she shrieked. I winced and covered my ears as if it would help any. I gasped, my stomach plummeting to the floor. I actually doubled over and clutched at it as Tristan's energy filled the room. Jordana was no longer screaming. She was whimpering. Hell, I was too. I heard a gasp, and I straightened to find Tristan directly in front of the witch, and? both sets of fangs were out and fully extended. The witch was on the verge of fainting at any second.
"I think it's time for you to leave," Tristan hissed. "If you utter a single syllable of that spell, mentally or otherwise, I will drain every drop of that sweet, addicting blood of yours. And you know very well that I am not jesting." Brulia tried to say something, but couldn't, due to the fact that the air in the office was trying its hardest to suffocate her. Tristan turned her to the opened door and gave her a little push. "Take a walk, witch. Or stay and faint." Brulia glanced back at us one last time and ran. I dropped my hand from my stomach and glared at him. "Now," he growled, ignoring me and turning his attention back to Sven, Liana, and Jordana. "You have a choice," he continued, easing off on his aura a little. "This sire-ing doesn't have to be a public business if you wish." Liana actually let out a breath she was holding. He sighed. "It doesn't have to be in front of witnesses."
"So we're not going in front of the Council?" Sven asked.
"There's not going to be a trial."
"Tristan," Cailin said from down the hall. "Alexander and Natalia are here." He dropped into his chair and groaned.
"Why is everybody coming to me?" he asked miserably.
"Because you are the oldest?" I said helpfully.
He glared at me. "My age has nothing to do with it," he grumbled. "Nor does my rank."
"Just keep saying that."
"I will," he growled. "And hopefully someone will have the good sense to assassinate me one day."
"Sire!" Sven and I shouted.
"Grrr! Chill the fuck out. I'm not going to die, not for a very long time," he snapped. "The devil take it," he growled. Did he say fuck? He did say fuck. I should get a quarter for every time he swears, and I'd be the riches vampire on the block. "They can wait," he snarled and sent the door to slam shut. "Jordana," he said, annoyed. "You are going to be re-sired now, are you ready?"
"Yes," Jordana said cheerfully.
"Good, Sven and Liana, both of you bite her. Now." They took a wrist and quick as lightning, sank their fangs in deep. Tristan sucked in a sharp breath and groaned, his eyes intent on the three of them. "Don't even think about pulling back," Tristan snarled, and Liana grunted. I glanced at his mini refrigerator and wondered if there was a blood bag or two left in there. I jumped a little as all three of them snarled. What the hell was happening? A few minutes later, Tristan got up and walked into the room next door. In a few seconds, he was back out, holding a cup. Sven and Liana pulled back from Jordana and shuddered. "Draw your blade, hunters," Tristan growled. Sven gently lowered Jordana to the floor and pulled out a blade. The sound of steel being drawn scraped against my poor ears. Tristan held out the old fashion looking cup and nodded. Sven stepped forward and holding his wrist over the cup, slashed it open. I thought Tristan was going to break the ancient cup as he struggled to control himself. I went over to him and put a hand on his tensed arm. "Fill it halfway," he growled. I could barely make out the words. When the cup was half full, Sven stepped back, licking close the deep gash he reopened more than ten times. Liana took his place and slashed open her own wrist, her blood flowing into the cup. An animalistic snarl tore from Tristan, and I wondered if he was going to down the blood himself instead of giving it to Jordana. It did smell fucking delicious indeed, I thought, grumbling. When the cup was finally full, I followed Tristan to Jordana. He crouched and lifted her into a halfway sitting position. He looked up at Liana and Sven who were standing on Jordana's other side. "When she wakes and feeds from one of you, you will do the passing down of an ability every sire offers to child. If she picks mass compulsion, it will be you, Liana, and if she picks teleportation, it will be you, my child," he said to Sven. "Is that clear?" They nodded, and Tristan turned his attention back to Jordana. "As for me, I pray she does not pick teleportation, and if she does, god have mercy on you both." They winced and nodded as he forced open Jordana's mouth and slowly poured the blood mixture down her throat.
"Will her mental state ever go back to the way it was?" Sven asked.
"I do not have the answer," Tristan growled. "Only time will be able to answer that." Sven nodded, and both he and Liana shuddered as the last drop of blood left the cup. Tristan straightened, Jordana in his arm. "She is yours for eternity," he said turning to them. "She no longer can be re-sired. The bond will not break, until both of you cease to exist on this earth." They nodded and reached for Jordana as he relinquished her to them.
"Awww," I said. "I'm going to cry now."
"Please don't," Tristan, Sven, and Liana said in unison.
I laughed and walked to the door, resting my forehead on the cool wood. "It's? it's? it's so sweet," I said, sighing. "If you know what I mean," I mumbled.
"Yes," my own sire said from behind me. "It can be." I straightened and opened the door. I was going to say something else, but a cheer broke out in the middle of the hallway. I quickly backed away from the door and into Tristan.
"What the fuck?" Liana spluttered.
"Evelyn," Tristan softly groaned. He shot out a hand and grabbed Sven's shoulder, stopping him. I squeaked when Sven was jerked into me.
"That is not cool," I said, my voice muffled. Congratulation once again, my child, Tristan said into both of our minds. I will not get weepy. He's an asshole, remember? Right, I said to myself. He's an ass. I thank you, sire, Sven said silently. I know it went beyond your every instinct to kill her, and I thank you for giving her another chance. Liana and I will not fail her. Or you. "Can you let us go now?" I asked out loud. "I'm being squished here." They ignored me, again. I know you will not fail me. For over four thousand years I've known you, I know that you will do everything it takes to help Jordana. Tristan let go of Sven, and I could breathe again.
"You do not need to breathe," Sven said dryly.
"Get out of my head," I said, huffing.
"Once you are back at home, I'll release her so she can wake," Tristan growled. Sven nodded. "Go now, unless you wish to get mobbed."
"Awww, that was a buzz kill," Evelyn said from across the hall as Sven, along with Liana and Jordana disappeared. "Okay," she said, sighing. "Everybody get back to work or to whatever you were doing." The small crowd dispersed, and Tristan blew out a breath. I turned in Tristan's arms and rested my head on his chest.
"Let's go see Natalia," I said.
"Yes, but first."
I stiffened. "I hate it when you say that," I said slowly.
"Why is that?"
"Because it always means you're going to give me a lecture?"
"Or??"
"Bite me." He pulled back, and I straightened. "So, which will it be?" I asked nervously and looked up at him.
"Hmm," he said thoughtfully. And holy fucking shitballs, I didn't even see him move. He didn't even snarl to warn me. Asshole!


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-six

SKYLER

"Skyler?" I looked up from what I was reading and straightened in my chair.
"Sire?" Ari stepped into my room, grimacing. "What's wrong?" I asked, setting aside my book.
"Nothing, I'm just not used to being referred to as sire."
I smiled sheepishly. "Sorry, I can call you Ari if you like?"
She shrugged. "You can call me Ari or sire, it doesn't matter to me." She glanced around my room and picked up my Vampire 101 Manual as I like to call it. "Are you finding this helpful?"
"Yeah, but you explain things so much better than a book."
She laughed. "So you're not the type to learn by reading, huh?" I shrugged. "I'll put this back in the Council's library if you don't want to read it anymore."
I shook my head. "No, I want to finish reading it."
She nodded and set the book back on the small table beside my bed. "I actually came to get you."
"Where are we going?"
"I thought you should see how the Council works."
"A trial?"
"No, nothing that dramatic."
"Sure," I said hesitantly and got up from my chair.
"Have you fed?"
"I fed this morning."
She looked at me thoughtfully. "I think you'll be fine for another hour when night falls." I nodded. She held out a hand to me, and I went over to her. She took hold of my hand and frowned. "I'm going to teleport," she said, scowling. "I never did this before so don't you dare laugh at me if we end up halfway around the globe."
"I uh? can't promise you that I wouldn't laugh," I said, feeling the start of a giggle. She huffed, and everything went dark. When it lifted, I looked around. Ari groaned, and I looked up at her.
"Let me guess, we're not in California," I said, chuckling. "Where are we?"
"Arizona," she said, sighing. "Here we go," she muttered, and everything once again went dark. She cursed, and I looked around. I blinked. We were standing in a dead cornfield? This time, I really did laugh. "Kansas," she groaned, and everything went black again. I didn't even have time to look around when my world, for the fourth time, faded to black. This time, we were in the right place.
"Tristan," I said, still laughing. Tristan sighed and chuckled under his breath. Ari dropped my hand and blew out a breath.
"Where did you plan to take Skyler?" he asked and pulled a glaring Ari to him.
"I was planning to give her a world tour," she said cheerfully. "If only you hadn't ported us, we would've been to all fifty states by now."
He nuzzled her neck and sighed. "I was afraid you were going to teleport the poor girl into the Arctic Ocean." She slapped him, hard. "Ow," he said pulling back.
"You should have more trust in me," she said, scowling.
"I do, but everybody is waiting." She punched him in the throat, and he choked. I couldn't help myself, I laughed harder. Ari looked at me, smirking.
"Glad I amused you so," she said dryly. I sucked in a deep breath and held it. "I'll let it slide," she said sweetly to Tristan. "Only because everybody is really waiting in the Council's chamber. Next time, I'll kick you in the balls." He flinched and backed away from her, hands up in a defensive gesture. She laughed and pulled him into an embrace. "Would I really do such a thing, dear?"
"Yes," he growled. He looked over to me and chuckled. "Call your child over before she dies of laughter." I walked over to them and put a hand on both of them.
"Hey hey," Ari said quickly as Tristan's eyes lost a bit of redness. "You can't bite her."
He cleared his throat. "I wasn't thinking of biting her." His eyes snapped shut, and Ari's finger halted an inch away. "I don't think you and Brynna should hang out. She is such a bad influence on you." She snorted.
"Uh," I said. "Aren't we supposed to be somewhere?" Tristan opened his eyes and looked at Ari pointedly. She dropped her hand to his shoulder, and everything went dark.
"Skyler!" Kira yelled, and I was suddenly jerked into her arms in a rib-cracking hug. "About time you got here, what took you so long?"
"Well," I said slowly. "We kind of got lost."
She stepped back from me. "Oh," she said, a little surprised.
"Are we in the Council's chamber?"
"We are," she said, as Corinne came up to us.
"So Tristan," she said conversationally. "What did you give Ari?"
"An A minus?" he growled and dodged Ari's punch. He cursed when she pulled out a penlight from her pocket.
"God, I'm so mean," Ari said under her breath and flicked it on, pointing it at Tristan. He yelled, and for the next minute, they played light tag, until Tristan flashed, and Ari yelped as he took the penlight from her, clicking it off. The chamber was completely dark as Kira led me to a chair.
"If this were a public matter, you wouldn't see them like this," Kira said to me.
"Oh come now," said Evelyn. "It has been all gloom and doom for the past months. We need to lighten the mood a little." Kira pushed me into my chair and dropped into her own. Ari shoved Tristan off her and came over to us. She sat on my other side, grumbling about something, probably about her confiscated penlight.
"Are we all accounted for?" Taylor asked a few minutes later. "The doors will be closing in ten seconds," she called louder. "Whoever enters after the door closes; I'm going to stab you in the throat." She paused and shrugged. The double doors slammed shut with a resounding boom. "The light is coming on," she said, glancing at Tristan. Tristan took in a deep breath and nodded. A second later, the single light bulb in the center of the chamber came on. We all winced as Tristan skin reddened slightly. He stepped farther into the shadows, holding up his hand for silence.
"Can we have Alexander Wensworth and Natalia Winzikor up here please?" Evelyn asked. Alexander, holding Natalia, walked to the center of the chamber and stopped before the slope downward to a drain in the middle of the floor. "Hello Natalia, long time no see, sweetie."
"Hi," Natalia said, breathing in and out slowly.
"How are you?"
"I'm good."
"I can see that you are a little hungry."
"Just a little," she said, digging her little fingers into Alexander's arm. Evelyn nodded and looked at Alexander.
"Please, come closer." Alexander went around the drain and stopped in front of the four Council members.
"Alexander," said Tristan. "Will this be your second time sire-ing a child?"
"It will," said Alexander.
"Call your child up here." Beside me, Ari stiffened.
"Argh, I hate it when you call me to you that way," Ari said under her breath and got up. She walked over and stopped beside Alexander.
"State your child's full given name as she is known today by," said Tristan.
"Ariella Stanton."
"And will you, as you have done with Ariella for over a thousand years and counting, take Natalia Winzikor under your protection?"
"Yes," Alexander said firmly.
"You will not let any harm come to her?" Evelyn asked, her eyes narrowing dangerously.
"I will protect her as I have done with Ari."
"Very well," she said, stepping forward and putting a hand under Natalia's chin. "Natalia," she said, smirking. "Are you paying attention, sweetie?"
"Mmhmm," Natalia said and looked up.
Evelyn chuckled. "Tell me sweetheart, would you like Alexander to become your vampire father?"
"Yes," the vampire child hissed. It sounded cuter than dangerous, coming from her.
Evelyn nodded. "And Ariella, will you acknowledge Natalia Winzikor, as your blood sister from this day onward?" Ari looked at Natalia for a very, very, very long time before nodding.
"The moment Alexander decided to re-sire her; I have already acknowledged her as such, even though it wasn't official," Ari said and patted Natalia on her head.
"I believe we are good to go then," said Taylor. Elijah nodded.
"Alexander, have you told her how the process is done?" Tristan asked. Alexander nodded. "You may proceed," Tristan finished, and everything in front of us went dark.
"Awww," said Kira. "I wanna watch." Everybody that was there started back up on the talking.
"Skyler," a vampire I didn't recognize said, and I looked at him.
"Who the hell are you?" Kira asked. I almost screamed as Riordan came out of nowhere, putting a hand on Kira's arm, holding her in her chair.
"Relax, Conoleki," he drawled. The stranger took a step back, his hands raised.
"Who is he?"
"That is Jude. He is mine."
She gulped. "Oh," she said and relaxed back in her chair. "Sorry," she said to Jude. "I'm a little protective of others, as you can see."
Jude nodded. "I just wanted to welcome your friend Skyler here to vampire life."
"Oh," I said and held out my hand to him. He took it and shook briefly. I yelped as his aura shot up my arm and throughout my whole body. I shuddered.
"Forgive me," Jude said and pulled his aura in if only slightly.
"It's okay," I said quickly. "It just startled me."
He chuckled. "Again, welcome, and if you need any ass kicking, come look for me. I'll be around for a little while."
I nodded. "I'll be sure to do that."
He smiled and looked to Riordan. "If you don't mind, I am out."
"Go on, I'll call you if you are needed. Of course, you are free to stop by whenever you wish." Jude nodded and disappeared into thin air.
"Another teleporter," I grumbled. Skyler, Ari said in my head. I stiffened and inclined my head slightly. You are free to wander if you like. I'll find you shortly, and we'll go out hunting. I grimaced, but mentally nodded. I know you don't like it, but it is something every vampire must learn. Remember about the three strikes you read about? I shuddered. I did remember. It was: one strike equals a hard lecture and a warning. Two equals a painful injection of some kind of poison from one of the Council members, a chip put in you, and the last strike of losing control while feeding, was death. If I could help it, I really hope I didn't reach strike two. I got up and waved to Kira. I headed for the double doors and pushed them open.
Going over to the soda vending machine, I stuck a quarter in and got myself a coke. Popping the tap, I took a long drink and headed for the door leading out of the lounge. I gasped and almost dropped my coke as waves of power hit me. I followed it up to the fourth floor and stopped in the middle of the hallway. I looked around and found a vampire standing at the end of the hallway, looking intently at me. Oh Skyler, you foolish child, Tristan hissed in my head. There was a cold blast of wind, and I watched, as Tristan flashed down the hall. He grabbed the vampire and threw her to the floor, snarling. Another vampire appeared in the doorway, and I quickly got out of his way. He looked up and down the hall, and he too flashed down it, stopping before them. "Torstin!" he snapped. Torstin? I thought and blinked when Tristan looked up at the speaker. I realized that only his upper fangs were fully extended. "Get off!" Tristan's forearm came down on the vampire's throat beneath him, abruptly cutting off her airway.
"I warned you," Tristan hissed. "I warned you that if I ever see you or her again. I was going to kill both of you."
"You did."
"That I did," he spat. "Care to enlighten me to why you are here?" I stood there, unable to move or do anything.
"I won't tell you again," the vampire said slowly, enunciating each word. "Get off of her." He pulled out a stake, and my blood went cold. The vampire frowned as he got a good look at Tristan. He blinked when he saw pure white eyes staring back at him. "Why are your eyes white?" he asked in confusion. Tristan smiled, and it chilled me to my bones. He abruptly got off of the female vampire and kicked her to the door of his office. She went through it as if it were made out of paper. The other vampire flashed after her, catching her before she could crash into the next room. I gulped as Tristan's eyes met mine. Come, he said in my head. Join me. I swallowed, hard. Suddenly the hall was filled with very angry vampires. Sven reached out and pulled me along. He practically had to drag me down the hall and into the office. Tristan kicked the conference door opened and smirked at the two vampires.
"There is a lot more room next door," he growled. The two vampires stepped inside with him close behind. Elijah, Sven, Ari, and the rest stayed where they were as I followed Tristan into the next room. He slammed the door and turned to face the two newcomers. "You have no idea, do you?" he growled at the male vampire, and then I couldn't breathe as energy exploded from him. The two vampires staggered back into the opposite wall, staring at him and blinking stupidly. "You truly, truly, don't know," he whispered and then laughed, causing me to break out in a cold sweat. I edged away from him, until I was at the corner of the room. "Ulrika," he said slowly. "You are afraid of me. I wonder why."
"Leave her out of this," the vampire hissed. "Your problem is with me."
"Oh?" Tristan said softly. "Is it?"
"Yes!" he snapped.
He shrugged. "Why are you here?"
"I felt the death of Ansgar."
Tristan's face blanked of all emotion, and that was very, very bad. "Did you now?"
The vampire stared at Tristan. "Of course I did."
"I had no idea you cared that deeply for us," Tristan said sarcastically. Was the room spinning? Or was that just me?
He glared at Tristan. "Why wouldn't we?" he snapped. "We-" Tristan moved so fast I had whiplash. He jerked the stake from the vampire's hand and drove it into the wall, an inch from his neck.
"Don't you dare," he said slowly, softly. "Use that word."
"Are you insane?" the vampire hissed.
Tristan backed up a little and gave him a cold stare. "No, Soren, I'm not insane. I am definitely not insane. Not at all." He blinked. "Oh wait," he whispered. "Maybe I am. Maybe I'm not, but what do you know? You know nothing about us." Soren sent Tristan flying backward, and it was so hard to stay where I was. Tristan flipped in midair, landing on his feet.
"Ulrika and I sired you, all of you, and you will show us respect," Soren snarled.
Tristan choked on a laugh, and he grunted, shaking his head. "Respect?" he asked. "Respect? I don't know about the others, but I gave up my respect for you five thousand years ago," he snarled. "Actually, make that four thousand years ago, sire." He said the last word like it was a curse. "And you, Ulrika. It lasted a little longer for you."
"I thought I told you to leave her out of this?"
"I don't remember telling you I would do such a thing, did I?" Soren made a grab for Tristan, but he was faster, he grabbed Soren and slammed him headfirst into the wall. Ulrika snarled. Tristan's energy whipped out and held her where she was. "Don't move, or I'll carry out my promise, dearest mother."
"You've gotten stronger," she whispered.
"No way," he drawled. "Really? I didn't even notice." He ground his sire's head into the wall. "Until now," he said dryly.
"You shouldn't be stronger than us."
"No shit," he snapped and abruptly released Soren. "You come at me again," he said. "And I'll really show you both how strong and insane I really am." Oh, please don't, I silently squeaked. Glaring at both of his sires, he backed to the door and then ducked, sidestepping as someone punched a hole in the door. There was a whoosh-like sound, and then Ulrika flew toward the door, and a hand grabbed her, holding her firmly against it. One by one, Cailin, Rebeckah, Elijah, Taylor, Evelyn, Riordan, and Casiar teleported in.
"Well well well," Evelyn drawled. "Look who we have here. Mommy and daddy finally decided to pay us a visit, how very charming." She stared between Ulrika and Soren. "After all these years," she said and laugh without humor. "How very charming indeed."
"Evelina," said Soren. Evelyn looked at Tristan with a WTF? Look on her face. There was the sound of splintering wood and a yelp from Allia as Ulrika broke from the hold and tossed Allia through the door that led to the hallway. What sounded like a power break somewhere in the building, met my ears a second later. A hand shoved me to the floor as shit hit the fan. Ulrika screamed, and I whimpered as fresh spilled blood filled the air. The can of coke that somehow survived my fall to the floor, was taken from my hand. Jailyn's unblinking eyes met mine, and her cool hand flashed, grabbing my chin, preventing me from looking away. My vision blurred.
"You will not think about blood until this is all over," she said, both mentally and out loud. "Do you understand?"
"I understand," I said tonelessly. She smiled, and I blinked, confused as she watched the bloody scene unfolding before us.
"T!" Allia shouted. "I'm fine!"
"What are you?" Soren roared and screamed as he got his chest slashed open.
"Shit," Jailyn breathed.
"Oh god," I screeched. "He has claws. Oh my god."
"Tristan!" Allia shrieked. "I am fine! Stop it!"
"Stay here," Jailyn said to me. "Don't move."
"Not going anywhere," I squeaked. Soren screamed as bones crunched in his body. Tristan was a blur, as he dove for Ulrika. I looked toward Ari and winced. She was struggling to get free of Elijah, Taylor, and Cailin. Jailyn, Riordan, Casiar, Allia, Evelyn, Rebecka, and Sven were all trying to calm Tristan, and failing horribly. Ulrika shrieked as blood flew into the air, I rolled before any could land on me. Tristan screamed as Casiar hit him with a fireball. He continued to scream as the office lid up with fire. Tristan grabbed a hold of Ulrika's head and wrenched it all the way around. Soren screamed something at him and would've launched himself at Tristan, crushed bones and insides spilling out of him or not, but Riordan planted a foot into Soren's stomach. Allia slowly made her way to Tristan and crouched beside him. Still screaming, he recoiled from the fire cupped in her left hand, his skin continuing to blister. She put her right hand on his leg.
"T," she said softly. "Look at me." She extinguished the fire, and his eyes slowly met hers. This time, it was her that recoiled back in terror. "I am fine," she said, enunciating each word.
"I learn something new every day," Casiar whispered as tendrils of darkness snaked its way around Tristan's wrists, pulling them together and bounding them tightly. "Put out the fire," Casiar said quietly. One by one, the fireballs went out, plunging the room back to complete darkness. Tristan's screams turned into snarls of pure hatred, and I shuddered violently. His claws retracted, but he was still pissed off as shit. He fell backward as his strength drained from him completely, thanks to the shadow bounding his wrists.
"That was smart of Ulrika," Riordan growled. "Hurting Allia on the off chance that one of us, or all of us wouldn't care."
"What have you all become?" Soren gasped.
"You tell us, sire," Riordan hissed. "After all, it was you and Ulrika, who created us, to begin with."


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-seven

ARI

I was consumed with endless void of anger. I knew it wasn't mine, but still, it was scary as fuck. I struggled against it and barely was able to focus past the crimson haze clouding my vision. Gasping in a deep breath, I stopped struggling in Elijah's arms and groaned. "Are you back with us?" he growled in my ear.
"Skyler?" I asked, my eyes automatically going to her.
"She is fine. I prevented her from feeling what you were feeling."
I nodded and straightened. "Tristan? Is he okay?" I asked and pulled away from Elijah, Taylor, and Cailin. This time, they let me go, though be it hesitantly. I flashed to Tristan and winced, stopping myself from putting a hand on his not-fast-enough healing skin. I stared nervously at the shadowy rope-like thing.
"It's okay," said Jailyn. "You can touch him; it won't zap you of your strength." I tentatively rested a hand on his arm and yelped when I found it hot to the touch, but I didn't pull away even though I wanted to. "It's his doing," Jailyn continued. "He's not a happy vampire at the moment." When is he ever? I silently thought. She chuckled. "Let's hope he doesn't spark, if he does, we're in trouble."
"Ah, what do you mean by that?" Skyler squeaked.
"It means," Tristan said, calmly, slowly. "That I'll bring this whole building down on everyone's head." I poked the shadowy rope and yelped again. The tingle of death magic skittered up my arm and down my spine. I shuddered. Riordan, Jailyn, and Casiar all stared at Tristan, expecting him to suddenly pop from the ground and? finish Ulrika or Soren off, or maybe both of them. "So," Tristan said, sighing. "Tell me, why you decided to come for a visit." The three necromancers tensed, ready for anything.
"I already told you," Soren growled.
"That is not the only reason," Cailin snarled.
"We figure it was time for us all to reunite."
"Reunite?" Rebecka asked incredulously. "Why don't you pull your dick out of your ass and think with the right head?"
"Don't you dare-"
"Oh I can," Rebecka said, cutting him off. "I can say whatever in the hell's fuck I want. Your ass is lying in your own pool of blood, and you are still trying to order us around? Dearest father, you are nothing to us, never was, never will be, and fuck the sire bond. It was fucking weak," she hissed. "So fucking weak, a baby can even break it with a spit."
"Ulrika and I sired all of you, and this is what we get?" Soren snarled. "We gave you all a gift."
"A gift?" Tristan asked softly. "Really?" He slowly sat up, and I stiffened. "Is that what you think? That it was a gift you gave us? You think vampirism is a gift?"
"Yes," Soren hissed.
"You really think so?" I screeched as I was thrown backward. I grunted as my back slammed up against a wall.
"Tristan?" I asked nervously. "What are you doing?" I watched as every vampire in the room hit the wall and remain there. Tristan slowly rose to his feet and walked the short distance to one of his sires. Soren ungracefully got to his feet and glared at Tristan.
"Let me tell you something, sire," Tristan whispered. "I don't see it that way. Vampire life has been a horrible experience for all of us, and you call that a gift?"
"Yes," Soren snarled. He choked as Tristan grabbed him and slammed him into the wall. I realized that he was no longer bound.
"You are a fool," Tristan hissed. "You plucked me from that battle field four thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine years ago," he snarled. "You and Ulrika turned me when I didn't want to be in the first place."
"You were dying, Torstin."
"Then you should have let me!" he shouted. "Everyone else was dying around me, why didn't you let me? Why did you pick me? Because you couldn't bare the thought of me bleeding to death?" He took in a deep breath. "I had two sons and a daughter, Soren. I also had a wife. Did you ever think about their feelings? Or mine for that matter?" I was not going to cry, I thought fiercely. I was not going to cry, fucking damn it. "You both knew that, but you didn't give a fuck about humans. You never did." Soren gasped and stiffened as Tristan punched his hand into Soren's chest. "You know what the worst part was?"
"No," Soren gasped.
"You turned me," Tristan said through gritted teeth. "And then you left me to find my own way. And to make it worse, you both turned my brothers and sister against their will. Why? Was it because so that I wouldn't be alone? Not only that, you turned the rest as well." Tristan laughed and shook his head. "Don't answer that. Do you know how many villages I put asunder?" Soren remained silent. "Thousands," he hissed. "Thousands and thousands of humans bled dry. And, I enjoyed every second of it. Oh did I enjoy it. You see, I was the last to break away from living the lifestyle of a rogue. Did you know that? Oh wait, you didn't, you were too busy being a rogue yourself. Amaila, Ansgar, Elias, Roland, Carine, Tekla, Rigmora, Casiar, Evelina, and I broke away from that life a thousand years later. And oh did the transformation hurt. We were something more than the average normal vampire from that day forth." He smiled coldly. "We had to feed every six hours, or our beasts come out to play. We're faster and stronger than you could ever dream of. We have abilities no average vampire has and of course, they try on a daily basis to kill us for them. What they don't realize is that they need more than just drinking the blood." He put a hand on Soren's cheek. "It also has to do with the mind. When Ansgar died, he passed on all of his powers to me and that transformation hurt more than the first two." I held back a whimper as his claws came out. Soren gasped as Tristan slowly withdrew his hand.
"I'm sorry."
Tristan smiled turned cruel. "I know you are," he whispered. "But it's four thousand years too late. You only created us to start the vampire race, and you have succeeded." He inclined his head slightly. "Congratulation," he finished and lunged for Soren's throat, so fast Soren didn't even have time to scream or defend himself. The mental hold lifted, and every Tronis in the room snarled. I flashed to a teary-eyed Skyler and took her into my arms.
"Shhh," I said in her ear. "Let's get out of here, okay?" She nodded, and I teleported.
Reappearing in the lounge, I gently pushed Skyler onto the couch, looking her over. "I'm okay," she said. "I don't have any blood on me." I nodded and sat down beside her. The lounge door banged open, and a furious Kira stormed in.
"What the fuck happened?" she demanded. "I couldn't go upstairs, and Corinne couldn't teleport. Even Jude tried it, nothing happened."
"Your grand sires came for a visit," I said.
"My what?" she growled and then blinked. She groaned and flopped onto a couch across from me. "Judging from the heavy scent of blood in the air, I assume they are pretty much dead?"
"Pretty much."
"Did Tristan go psycho on them?"
"Oh yes he did, and so much more."
She grunted. "On a lighter note, how was the re-sire-ing of Natalia? Is she officially your blood sister now?"
"Yep, she is," I said, nodding.
"Skyler, later tonight, we are going to hang, and you are going to tell me everything you saw upstairs, right?" She glared at me. "And you better not order her to stay silent, or I'll hurt you."
I laughed. "Is that a promise?" I asked.
"Yes," she growled and looked to the door. "Oh, Sven is here, and he is not happy."
"Nobody is happy," I muttered. "They're all ready to light up a fuse." The lounge door once again opened, and Sven stalked through, still covered in blood. We all looked up at him questioningly.
"Soren is dead," he snarled and took in a slow deep breath. "But Evelyn is trying to talk Tristan out of killing Ulrika. She is in torpor at the moment." He laughed. "They drained her completely, not a drop left in her body." He shoved his hands into his pockets and fumed. "In my personal opinion, I don't think Evelyn should even try to talk him out of it."
"Did you know?" I asked quietly. "About his turning I meant."
A pained look briefly crossed his face, gone so fast if I were human, I'd have missed it completely. "I knew about the villages, but I didn't know the whole story." I nodded. He walked over to one of the vending machines and unlocked it.
"Hey!" Kira suddenly exclaimed. "You have the keys for those?"
He looked back at her. "Yes?"
"You get a free drink while I have to pay a quarter?" He shrugged and took out a can of coke and tossed it to Skyler. She caught it and sighed in relief. Sven looked at Kira and inclined his head. "Nothing for me." He grunted and closed it, locking it.
"I know Liana was turned against her will. Was yours?"
Sven shook his head. "I was basically turned the same way he was, but he gave me a choice."
"Really?"
"He was a rogue back then, wasn't he?"
He shuddered. "He was," he said quietly. "But that night, he somehow held himself back from killing me. He gave me his blood, enough so that I wouldn't slip away before he got the chance to tell me everything. Even then, I still said yes. I had no surviving family left, so I thought why not, because I myself wasn't ready to die on that battle field. There was another vampire with him that night. It was Allia. She was always with him, never leaving his side. She growled at me, snarled at me. She even killed a human in front of me." He shrugged. "It should have changed my mind then, but it didn't. It was a week later, and we were no longer on that battlefield. They took me away the very next day, when dawn broke over the horizon. He was known as Torstin back then. After a week and a half with them, he finally turned me. It was either that, or Allia was going to kill me. After that, it was centuries full of death and destruction."
"When did he change?" I asked. "From rogue hood I mean."
"It was six hundred and thirty-five years later. I believe he was one thousand one hundred and thirty-four years old."
"I was."
I sighed and looked to the door. "Do you always have to make a dramatic entrance?" Tristan, not covered in blood, walked over to me and dropped down on my other side.
"Did you kill Ulrika?" Sven asked him.
"I did not," Tristan growled. "Perhaps Evelyn will change her mind in the next five minutes."
"I doubt that she will."
Tristan looked around the lounge. "Are we telling stories now?"
Sven shook his head. "No, I'm done."
"Mmm, and here I was hoping you would continue."
Sven looked down at himself. "That can wait for another time. Besides, I have to get cleaned up," he said and disappeared. Tristan and I both jumped at the sound of crushed soda can.
"Well hell," Kira grumbled. "All that talk about blood makes me hungry."
"Sven said nothing about blood," I said.
She sniffed. "He didn't have to, I can just picture it."
"Great," I said dryly. I winced as Skyler elbowed me. "What?"
"Weren't you going to teach me how to hunt?"
"Was i?"
"Ari," Tristan warned.
"Yes yes, don't worry, I'll teach her how to hunt." I looked at him. "Want to come?" He shrugged. I got up and nodded. "Come Skyler, we shall look for someone for you to nibble on." Skyler tossed her empty soda can into the trash and got up.
"Come, Kira," Tristan said and got up as well. Kira sighed and flashed to her feet. She came over to us and hugged him. He looked down at her for five seconds and smiled. I rested my hand on Skyler's head as Tristan put his on my arm. He sighed, and everything went dark.
We appeared in the middle of a rogue feeding, and Kira was on him in a flash, a blade buried deep in his back. The rogue screamed and threw the human away from him. Skyler screeched and lunged for the bleeding human. I grabbed her and yanked her back to me. Kira decapitated the rogue as I kept a snarling, hissing Skyler from killing the human. Tristan straightened with the human in his arms. He whispered something and released him. The human staggered away into the night. A fireball flew toward the rogue's head and body, turning them into ash in the blink of an eye. Kira sheathed her blade and walked over to us. She looked up at her sire and cleared her throat. "Sorry," she said and shifted nervously when he didn't say anything.
"You done well," Tristan finally growled. She relaxed a little and nodded. She sniffed the air, and I groaned as her eyes lit up. Skyler stopped struggling in my arms and frowned.
"Brynna!" Kira yelled. "I know you're close by and that you can hear me! Get your ass over here and give me my chocolate!" A minute later, Brynna stepped from the shadows, and Kira launched herself at her. She snatched the paper bag from Brynna and moaned.
"Children," Tristan muttered under his breath. I laughed and released Skyler. I gave her a gentle push to start walking.
"Lead the way," I said to her. "When you get a scent in the air, you will not go after it, understand?"
"Yes, sire," Skyler said and inhaled deeply. Brynna joined us, as Skyler led us down a narrowed street. We walked down two more streets and rounded a corner into a dark alley where a human was about to enter. Skyler whimpered, and I put a hand on her shoulder, tightening my grip as she tensed, ready to flash for the human. Now, I said into her mind. Reach out and grab hold of the human's mind. Tell him to come to you. The human stopped walking and looked around. Direct him to you. She did, and the human made his way over to us. He stopped before Skyler and looked at her blankly. Now, when you feed from a human, you need to erase their memory of you and the incident. You can do it before you feed, during, or after. She nodded rapidly. You will not kill, I mentally said sharply. How do I know when to stop? Skyler silently asked. You'll know, sweetie. It's drilled into every vampire, but it's your choice to keep on feeding, or stop. She nodded and reached for the human.
"Remember," I said out loud. "No. Killing. You snatch, eat, erase, and release." I stiffened, watching as Skyler's fangs flashed and sank into the human's neck. Behind me, Tristan groaned and buried his face in my hair. Brynna was keeping a lookout, because Kira was so focus on her chocolate, a rogue could sneak up on her, and I didn't think she would even notice.
"Stop her," Tristan growled. I reached out and pressed my fingers into Skyler's cheek, hard. She yelped and pulled back, blinking at me.
"That's enough," I said. "Close the wound." She leaned in and licked at the wound, until it looked like the wound was never there in the first place.
"I'm sorry," she said stepping back from the slightly unsteady human.
I put up a hand. "It's okay," I said reassuringly. "This is only your first time out." I mentally reached out and sent the human on his way.
"At least you didn't lose control," said Brynna. "Like someone," she continued, louder. Kira ignored her completely. "Damn," Brynna muttered. "What will happen if I take her chocolate away?"
"I wouldn't chance it," I said. "She might bite off your hand."
"Oh," said Tristan. "She will." He reached out and put a hand on Skyler, and then everything once again, went dark.
We appeared back in the lounge, and Brynna and Kira broke away from us. Brynna headed for the Council chamber and slammed the doors shut. I dropped onto the couch and sighed. "Are you still hungry?" I asked Skyler. Tristan crossed the room and stared intently at the double doors. Skyler shifted nervously and nodded. I pulled her to me and pressed my wrist to her mouth. "Drink," I said, stroking my fingers through her hair. Skyler's hand came up and held my wrist firmly to her, and I felt the sharp sting of fangs, as she began to drink. Across the lounge, Tristan closed his eyes, and groaned.
"You both are the death of me," he growled. Skyler withdrew her fangs and closed the wound. She sighed and fell against me. I put my arms around her as Tristan joined us.
"Are you going to tell your family?" I asked.
"I don't know," she muttered.
"If they can't accept you, you know what to do," I said gently.
"I do," she said, sighing. Tristan and I looked at each other, and I wondered, as I have for the past centuries, if the world would ever give us a break. As everything came back to me in a rush, snapping me fully back to reality, I knew. That it was not to be.


* * * * * *



Epilogue Three Months Later

TAVIA

Wind rustled my fur as I laid bleeding, panting, and whimpering. It was a fucking ambush. I should've seen it coming, but I didn't. All around me, bodies littered the grassy clearing. Shae stood over me and smiled, blood matted her fur and dripping from her mouth and claws. She lifted a paw and slashed at me, ripping a fresh deep wound in my back. At this rate, I was going to die of blood loss before I could get my furry ass out of town as she instructed. Where ever Amanda was, I hoped she was nowhere near here. I yowled, blinded by pain. I fought to keep conscious, because if I went under now, I was most likely, never to wake up. She drove her claws into me one last time and stalked off, tail swooshing in the air. That bitch? Is utterly fucked in the head. Who the hell dropped her on her head when she was a kitten? Whoever that person was, I wanted to congratulate them? after I have their throat ripped out. I mewed and attempted to get up, only to have my muscles seize up on me, and an agonized pained sound tore from my throat. Inch by inch, I dragged myself from that clearing and curled into a ball. I had to get back to California, but at the moment, I just wanted to curl up in a dark hole somewhere and just fucking die. With my mind, I followed the familiar path to a vampire, and I screamed in his head, praying he would hear me. I stopped screaming, and just waited. A long minute past, and then my world fell away from me. I yowled as someone caught me. Whimpering, I looked up, and met the hungry gaze of Tristan. "You poor, poor thing," he hissed. He lowered me to the floor and crouched before me. I had the instinctive urge to claw at him, but I couldn't do shit at the state I was in. "She kicked you out of town, I see." I growled at him. "And she is going to try for one of us again, isn't she?" I nodded weakly. Tristan's energy flowed from him, and I meowed, rolling away from the stinging current. I don't know when she's going to do it, I silently gasped. "Oh I know," he said softly. "But I know for a fact, that she'll show up here. It can be tomorrow, next month, next year, ten years from now. But whenever that day may be, it will be her last." His eyes bored into mine, and he smiled. "The next time you see her; you will inform her, that her days are numbered." He leaned in as the edges of my vision darkened. "Won't you, Tavia?" he whispered in my ear. I will, I silently said, as peaceful darkness, closed around me.


* * * * * *



To find other books by Alina Meuangkhot, please visit:

https://www.alinambooks.com/


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Goodreads:
https://www.goodreads.com/Alina_M

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
