Blood Descent
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2015 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


* * * * * *



WARNING

This book contains sexual content and strong violence.


* * * * * *



Acknowledgements

First off, let me just say that I would like to kill Bradley Renshaw, Ahmad Al-Bahar and Dallas Wiens for obsessing over the book's sex scenes to a degree that is completely psychotic. :P I would like to thank Keila Perdomo for inspiring the Amaya character for this book. Thank you to Marino Flores for helping me with the demons. As always, thanks to Dallas Wiens for helping me with ideas. I also like to thank Aaron Ramirez for writing the short Tristan fanfiction. I laughed my ass off when I read it. To be honest, I believe I died a little inside from the pain of laughing so hard, and I literally had tears in my eyes. All and all, thank you to each one of you just for being there. I'm sure you know who you are, because without you guys, this book wouldn't be possible.


* * * * * *



"We have a demon, we have an angel inside, within our souls, and you just play with it, and sometimes the evil part of you wins the battle, in a very important decision, or in a bedtime, with your lover. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose."

- Demian Bichir


* * * * * *



Chapter One

TRISTAN

"Get out!" I shouted, both mentally and out loud. "Now!" I snarled, as the window to my right shattered, sending shards of glass in every direction. The rumbling I could just pick up underneath all the screams and shouts was getting louder and louder by the second. I flashed from my office, splintering the door as I went. "Get the fuck out!" I roared, grabbing a shell-shock Kira and dragging her with me. Cursing, I picked her up and jumped to the third floor where both humans and vampires alike were running all over the place. God fucking damn it! I silently snarled as rage came over me. I was going to be the last one out of this fucking building even if I had to throw every last person out of the fucking window. "Jailyn! Get them out! Now!" My ears rang as part of the ceiling came crashing down behind me. Panic swamped me and I breathed through it, letting rage fuel me as said fear along with worry and confusion continued to smother me endlessly. It was one of the huge downfalls of a blood bond. I could feel them all like a tide of emotions rolled into one. I stopped before the double doors leading outside and smacked Kira upside her head. She let out a gasp and blinked. "Get. Out," I said through gritted teeth and took the doors off its hinges. At this point, I didn't really give a fuck, because this entire place was going to blow in a minute or less. Before I could toss her out the door and up the flight of steps to the parking lot, Violet appeared from nowhere and grabbed the fledgling, dragging her out. I flashed from the opening, giving Sven a murderous look. He shook his head, none to gently shoving vampires and humans out the door. "Did you not hear me?" I growled.
"I heard you," Sven hissed. "But I am not leaving you or them behind. I got my stubborn streak from you, after all." I glared at him. "And don't you dare teleport me from here, either. If you're not leaving, I'm not leaving. It is that simple." I looked to Evelyn, a little glad I wasn't the only one having a sire-to-child argument. Beside her, Casiar let out a vicious curse and glared holes into Violet's forehead. The building shook and the floor buckled, forcing me to levitate a few inches off the ground. Spotting a redhead, I let rip a snarl and teleported. I slapped a hand over Corinne's mouth before a shriek could escape her. The building shook more violently, and without another second to spare, I grabbed her and threw her out the window. She was more likely to survive a flight out the window than a fucking explosion. My senses on high alert, I caught the beep, beep, beep of a timer.
"Ten seconds!" Allia screamed from somewhere in this god forsaken place.
"That is the last of them!" Evelyn yelled.
"Are you fucking sure?" Jailyn shouted from a floor above.
"Well, awww fuuuuck," Evelyn groaned, and I knew exactly what? or who she was thinking about. With a fuck-you to the gods, I teleported to the basement and into Ulrika's cell. Resisting the urge to rip my sire's head off, I picked her up and teleported back to the main floor. Shoving her at Evelyn, she and I, along with Casiar, Allia, Jailyn, Sven and Cailin flashed outside just as a loud boom went off.
Something struck the back of my head and while I was seeing stars, I hit Sven from behind, propelling him away from me before he could turn around. Something landed on my back, and from the strong odor of sulfur I knew it was a demon. Reaching behind me, I grabbed the little imp, flipping him over my head and slamming him to the ground. Red eyes glared at me, and I bared my fangs at him. Claws extending from my fingertips, the little fucker hissed, as I dug my fingers into his neck. This one in particular had dark red scales, pointy ears, white band around his neck-his black talons digging into my arms. With a snarl, I ripped his head from his shoulders; black ichor flying into the air just as another piece of the building hit me. With a furious snarl, I popped from the ground and flashed far, far away before the entire building came crashing down on my head. Good thing, too, because in the next instant there was a loud boom and the building went up in flames, collapsing in on itself. I almost, almost cried. No really, I almost did. As demon blood burned my skin, I watched as the flames rose higher and higher into the sky, spreading like wildfire. I growled as the sound of sirens reached my ears, the stink of demons clogging the back of my throat. Cursing, I stepped into the shadows, a little glad to find a vampire in the mix of about a dozen human fire fighters. That said vampire, dressed in an SDFD uniform, came up to me and stopped, inclining his head. "Demon blood?" he asked, looking me up and down. I grunted. "You got everyone out?" I again grunted. Nodding, he stepped back to the humans. Sighing and knowing that everything non-magical was most likely destroyed, I teleported.
The moment I appeared, Ari was on me, knocking me to the floor. "Don't do that!" she exclaimed, hugging me to her and not caring that she was getting demon blood on her skin. Amused, I gently pushed her off of me. Glaring at me, she pulled back, wiping the blood from her arms with the hem of her shirt.
"You might want to burn that shirt," Casiar drawled.
Ari grumbled something under her breath. "I always do." Silently cursing, I got to my feet and looked around my living room. It was of course, pact with vampires. I inwardly groaned, walking into my kitchen and stopping at the sink.
"Did you have to bring them all here?" I asked, not turning as Ari came to a stop behind me.
"I didn't," she said, reaching out and turning on the water. I washed the demon blood off my skin and grunted as she tore my shirt off.
"If you don't mind, sweetheart, I prefer to have my pants on."
"Yes," said Jailyn. "Please, keep your pants on." I grunted, shutting off the water and taking the towel that she held out to me. "Half of us are going back to see what can be salvaged."
"When?"
"Probably half an hour to an hour from now."
"Move everything to the new HQ. You know the one I speak of."
She nodded, hesitating. "What is it you are thinking?"
"Is it that obvious?"
"Very." Now it was my turn to hesitate. "Tristan, just spit it out. You're making me nervous."
I smirked, setting the towel in the sink. "I think it's time to wake your son," I said slowly and braced myself for anything that was to come. Jailyn stared at me for the longest time, unblinking.
"What?" Ari asked, staring at us. "Wake who?"
"Jesric Knight," Jailyn said softly. She shook her head, frowning. "I definitely wasn't expecting that," she muttered. "Very well, the demons are out, and we could use my son's help. That is if he doesn't rip our heads off to begin with."
I nodded. "Give me a minute, and I will join you shortly."
Jailyn was waiting for me at the end of the driveway when I joined her a minute later. She stared up at the clear night sky, deep in her own thoughts. Sighing, she looked at me. "Shall we go?" I grunted, and then everything went dark. When it lifted, we were standing in a huge cavern.
"Didn't think I would see this again so soon," I said and walked deeper into the darkness, Jailyn a step behind. At the drop-off, I jumped, landing in a silent crouch two hundred feet down. Straightening, I continued walking, coming to a stop a few minutes later. Standing at the opening leading into one of the smaller caves, my gaze went to the slab of stone across from me. On that slab was Jesric, pale, dressed in all black, and his short black hair unkempt. If it were not for the shadows writhing and coiling around him, I'd think he just drifted off to sleep only a minute ago and not ten years. I approached the slab and just stared down at him, as if my will alone could wake him. Beside me, Jailyn took in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
"Okay," she said with a heavy sigh. "If he tears my head from my shoulders, I'm blaming you."
"Noted," I said dryly and moved aside for her. With another deep breath, she ripped into her wrist, before sticking her bleeding wound into the mass of shadows. I could've sworn I heard a soft pop as they slowly disbursed. After a moment, the shadows were gone, and the only thing holding Jesric to the slab were thick silver chains bolted to the enchanted floor. Jailyn poked it and frowned.
"If I remember right, it takes a drop of blood to unlock these chains. I wasn't here when Davina was doing her mutterings." I grunted. "Did she say whose blood is needed?"
"Mine," I said and grumbled.
She let out a soft laugh, stroking Jesric's cheek. "I should've known." With her other hand, she pried his mouth open slightly and stuck two fingers inside. Baring her fangs, she reopened her wrist, letting the blood trickle down his throat. She pulled back, and we waited in tense silence. It was so silent you could hear a pin drop in the next cave over. I don't know how long I stood there, but the next thing I knew, the silence was broken by a sudden intake of breath. I stiffened as Jesric took in another breath that rattled in his chest. His eyes remain closed as Jailyn reached out and put a restraining hand on his shoulder. The cold touch of death magic reached me, and I wondered if it was coming from Jailyn, Jesric, or both. That wonderment flew right out the window as pain exploded in my head. I hit the floor, cursing and groaning. It felt like my brain was going to explode from my skull as icy tendril-like fingers rummaged around in my mind. I fought the dizziness and the sudden need to throw up as my head went on a rollercoaster ride. I could've pushed Jesric out, but the energy to do so was just a little out of my reach, what with trying not to puke out my guts and holding my brain intact taking up all my willpower and all. When it was finally over, I let myself go limp as my head continued to pound. Groaning and panting, I stared up at the ceiling as my world continued to spin around me. Cool fingers touched my arm and I blinked, trying to clear my vision and failing. "Are you all right?" Jailyn asked softly. I groaned. "I'm so sorry about that." I didn't respond as she straightened and moved away from me. Hell, I couldn't do anything, even if I wanted to. The scent of blood reached me, and Jesric let out a snarl. Jailyn cursed as fangs tore at her wrist. Slowly, I moved into a sitting position, staying there until the pain in my head was a dull throb, before just as slowly getting to my feet. I staggered to the stone wall and leaned heavily on it. Breathing slowly in and out, I watched as Jailyn struggled with her child. With a growl, she ripped herself away from him, stumbling. She glared at him, wincing. "Release your mental hold on me," she said softly. "Now." She grunted, nodding. "Open your eyes, Jesric." Low growls filled the cave, and I straightened, grateful that no sharp pain stabbed my skull as I closed in on him. My vision turning a deeper shade of red, I pressed my wrist to his parted mouth. Jesric's eyes snapped open. They were pitched black with hunger, and I stared into those unblinking eyes. He took in a shuddering breath, and I winced as his fangs sank in deep. A grunt escaped him as my blood fizzed down his throat. After a long minute, I pulled away and let the blood drip onto the chains. I squeezed my eyes shut as they glow a bright red. A few seconds later, the glow faded to nothing, and I opened my eyes in time to see the magical chains disappearing like they were not there to begin with.
"Interesting," I said thoughtfully, and then let fly a stream of profanities as shadowy souls exploded from Jesric. Jailyn let out a curse, a split second before shadows shot from her hands to engulf me completely. Oh, this was just great, just what I needed.
"Take control of your souls," Jailyn said sharply. Jesric let out a groan, and gradually, the sound of angry souls bursting my eardrums grew quiet, until all I could hear was a high-pitched ringing. The darkness dropped, and I glared at him. Sucking in a sharp breath, he moved into a sitting position, his head down. Jailyn dropped down beside him, her arm going around him. "Sorry," she said softly. "I don't have any fresh hearts for you to consume."
"I can go rip out some, if you like," I growled. Jesric shook his head as Jailyn's pale fingers massaged the back of his neck.
"No need," Casiar said from behind me. Jesric's head lifted as Casiar sat down on his other side.
"I just love family reunions," I muttered and went to stand against the wall. Casiar smirked and dropped a container onto Jesric's lap. Another growl escaped him, whether it was because of the blood or the heart, I had no idea.
"Would you like a fork?" Casiar asked and said fork appeared in his hand. Jesric glared and reached into the container. He withdrew his hand, holding a bloody heart. Giving Casiar another glare, he popped the organ into his mouth. Jailyn sighed and snatched the fork from Casiar's hand before he could stab a heart for himself. The fork vanished, and she got up, walking over to me.
"You look out of place," she said to me, and I scowled. She opened her mouth to say something else, but shut it when an imp popped into existence before us. "Xorik?"
"Sorry, Jailyn, sorry," Xorik said, almost bouncing.
"What can I do for you?" she asked warily.
"It's Kilirik." At that, we all looked to Jesric, who was finishing off his last heart. "And Ketra." Sathia appeared behind Xorik, and the imp squealed, dodging the swipe of her claws. Jailyn sighed.
"Guys, enough." She pointed to Xorik hovering at the ceiling. "You, down." Not taking his eyes from Sathia, he slowly descended to the ground. "Where are they?" There was a flash of fire, the smell of sulfur, and then two more demons appeared in the cave. Jesric held up his hands before the newcomers could jump on him. He leaned down to the green-eyed imp and whispered something in her ear, something that I couldn't make out. She jumped, and he grunted as she curled herself around his shoulders. He handed the empty container to Casiar and got up. He walked over to us, the other imp trailing after him.
"Sorry about earlier," Jesric said softly to me, almost growling.
I grunted. "Don't be," I said and looked at the imp. "And hello, Ketra." In response, Ketra puffed out a breath, and red sparks flew from her mouth to hit my upraised hand. I winced. "Now that wasn't nice," I said and glared at her. Jesric patted her head and sighed.
"So it's Tuesday, January 28th," he said and scowled. "Ten years. Why did you keep me asleep for that long?" I shrugged. "You're not going to answer, are you?" I again shrugged. "I thought not."
My hand shot out and grabbed Ketra's tail before it impacted with my arm. "Shall we go hunting, you and I? I am sure that you're still hungry. Am I right?" He didn't answer. He didn't have to. His hunger was beating at me, persistent in its demand for blood. I smiled, and with my hand still on Ketra, I teleported.

VIVIANA

I groaned, as my entire body was racked with pain. This learning how to fight business was not fun as Sven continued to kick my ass six ways to Sunday. "Ow," I said, my voice muffled by the mat my face was pressed into. "Ow," I groaned and pushed myself up onto my trembling arms. I looked around the basement that was converted into a temporary sparring room for training. The only thing in here was the blue mat that covered almost the entire floor. The punching bags and all the cool equipment was at the new headquarters, located somewhere in California. From what I've heard, the new HQ was a lot more secured and a whole lot harder to breached or blow up. "I think you're done for tonight," Sven said and held a hand down to me. I took it gratefully, and in a blink, I was up. When I could stand on my own and not fall on my face, he released me. "You did well," he continued, and I scowled at him.
"Can I get tomorrow off?"
He smirked. "I'm afraid not." I let out a moan as I followed him up the stairs and into the kitchen. "If you keep complaining, you won't have a day off this week."
"But," I said, almost whining.
"Viviana," he warned, and I sighed. "Remember, you're not the only one going through this," he said, holding out a blood bag to me. I took it from him and ripped into the bag, groaning and not caring that the blood was cold. He handed me another one, and I drained it just as quickly as I did with the first one. He took both empty bags out of my hands, and I leaned against the counter as warmth spread throughout my body.
"Can I ask you a question?" I asked after a long minute of silence.
"Hmm?" he replied, taking out his phone and scowling at it.
"How long have you been killing rogues?"
Sven looked up from his phone and peered at me curiously. "Is that another way to ask how old I am without asking the question outright?"
I laughed, flicking flakes of dried blood from my arm. "No, I really want to know."
He chuckled. "I have been killing rogues for a very, very, very long, long time. I'll let you ponder on how long is long, shall I?"
I grumbled. "You're no fun."
"I've been told that a time or two." He slipped the phone into his pocket and nodded to his front door. "I'll join you if you wish to hunt."
"How long are you going to accompany me on my hunts?"
"Until I am satisfied that you can control your impulse to not drain your victim dry." He put up a hand when I opened my mouth to complain. "Besides, there are demons on the streets, and I really love to kill some tonight. I need to add more to my tally. Oh, speaking of demons?" He vanished but was back a second later, a book in his hand. He set it on the counter in front of me and I groaned.
"Please, tell me I don't have to read it." Sven stared at me, not saying anything. "Oh, come on," I complained and let my head drop onto my folded arms.
"What did you do to the poor girl?" Liana asked, and I lifted my head to glare at her.
"Who says I did anything to her?" Sven asked. When she didn't reply, he sighed, putting a hand on my shoulder. "We shall go now," he said, and I straightened. "Your sister hates us," he finished as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

The late night air was cold. If I were a human, I'd be freezing to death in the next oh? five seconds. I let out a yelp as the cold wind hit, bringing with it a flurry of snow. It rarely snowed in California, and tonight just had to be the night. Sven let out a sigh, tilting his head back to look up at the sky. Then he went very, very still, a split second before I felt something cold and sharp at my neck. I froze, not even breathing as the blade pressed in, enough to hurt but not enough to draw blood. The scent of something metallic reached my nose, and underneath that was a hint of sweet. Whatever the scent was, it tasted bitter at the back of my throat. The silence stretched on and on, so long that I began to sweat. I was going to die, and I wasn't even a year old in the supernatural world. I also had no idea who was holding a blade to my throat, and my heart sped up as my fear grew stronger. "Viviana," Sven said slowly, not looking at me or taking his eyes from the sky. "Do not make a sound, move, or panic." Easier said than done, I thought as I controlled the urge to swallow. For one, a drop of spilled blood could cause me to lose a head before I could even blink. It felt like I was shocked by a taser and was now just recovering from it. The air seemed to drop a hundred degrees as the darkness around me became darker. The pressure in my head was sudden and intense, I almost gasped out in alarm. It took all I had to remain very still as the pressure in my head became painful. As suddenly as it came on, it was gone. The cold biting of the blade at my neck went in a little deeper, and I let out a squeak as hot blood trickle from the wound. The blade withdrew, and I felt a cold finger catching the blood before it could trickle down my shirt.
"Hmm," a low growling voice said thoughtfully from behind me. It wasn't Tristan, though I could feel him nearby. The air stirred, as whoever was standing behind me moved, until I could sense him in front of me. I squinted but couldn't penetrate the darkness. "If I had not been forewarned about vampires such as yourself," the voice continued. "I wouldn't have hesitated in severing your head, tearing out your heart and eating it." I shuddered, and my throat began to close. Though I no longer needed to breathe, I struggled to get air into my lungs. A low amused laugh sounded in my head, and I almost whimpered out loud. The scent of metallic and sweet grew stronger, and I gasped as fangs grazed the side of my neck. "Have you met a necromancer, girl?" he asked in my ear.
"No," I squeaked. There was a pause, and then a low chuckle.
"Actually," he said, almost whispering. "You have." He inhaled deeply, and I felt him pulling away. The shadows in front of me dissipated to reveal a tall vampire with short black hair and cold pitched black eyes staring down at me. Wow, I thought. A vampire with black hair, who would've thought? Almost every single vampire I've met was blond. I squirmed as those penetrating eyes continued to stare at me, unblinking. Glancing at Sven, I let out a sigh when I saw that he hadn't move at all. Returning my attention to my would-be killer, I watched as the tendons in his neck stood out stark against his pale skin, looking ready to burst.
"I have?" I asked. The vampire in front of me grunted, every muscle in his body going taut.
"You have," Jailyn said, and I had to blink several times against the strange pull of going under.
"Um?" Jailyn stepped from the shadows and to the unknown vampire's side. She rested a hand on his arm, and he grunted as she squeezed. "Jesric," she said. "This is Viviana. Viviana? Jesric." Jesric pulled away from her and scowled.
"Nice to meet you," I said slowly.
"Where are you off to?" she asked when Jesric remained silent.
"Hunting?" I said and hugged myself. Ice numbing cold suddenly hit me, and I gasped, staggering back a step. "What the?" Jesric let out a snarl and disappeared into the shadows, taking the ice numbing cold with him. Jailyn took in a deep breath and let it out sharply. "Did I do or say something wrong?" I asked.
"No," said Jailyn. "Excuse me," she finished and she, too, disappeared into the shadows.
"You smell like a rogue," Tristan growled, and I spun around, cursing.
"What?" I spluttered.
"You do, sweet cheeks," a cheerful female voice said from the shadows. "It's too bad I can't kill ya."
"Who are you?" I asked slowly.
"Tristan, can I-?" She grunted, growling as she struggled with some invisible force pulling her into the light, so to speak.
"Be a sweetheart and introduce yourself," said Tristan.
"Fine," she said and glared up at him before turning to me. She stuck out her hand, and I reluctantly took it. "I'm Kira."
"Viviana," I said as her hand tightened around mine.
Glancing back at Tristan, she stepped closer to me and leaned in. "Listen, and listen closely," she hissed in my ear. I gulped. "If I get so much as a flicker of a thought with the intent to hurt or betray my family in that tiny brain of yours, I will make damn sure that you suffer every second of your existence." She released my hand and stepped back as chills skittered down my spine. Something flickered in Tristan's eyes, but it was gone too quick for me to make it out. "So," Kira continued, back to her cheerful self. "I killed my first demon an hour ago."
"You what?" Tristan snarled and grabbed her, yanking her to him.
"Hey," she gasped, trying to pull away. "I didn't bite any of them or get their blood in me." Sven growled and was on her in a heartbeat. "I swear," she screeched.
"Did I not tell you to wait for me?" Sven snapped, and she grunted as he wrenched her arms behind her back, pinning her between him and Tristan. Okay, I thought. This was getting weird.
"I'd be screaming in pain if I had demon blood in me," Kira said, cursing. "The burning was bad enough when it splashed on me." Tristan hand flashed, and she choked as her air was abruptly cut off. Sven released her, cursing under his breath as he stepped away.
"You," Tristan hissed as Kira struggled to remove his hand from around her neck. "Were lucky." He released her, and she gasped in air, glaring at him. "Tell me you weren't alone," he said quietly. When she remained silent, his low growl practically vibrated the air around us.
"Eavesdropping, are you?" Sven whispered in my ear, and I let out a yelp as his hand landed on my shoulder. Before I could reply, everything went dark.

KIRA

"Wait, wait," I said breathlessly as Tristan's freaky ass aura wrapped around me. I backed up a step and gasped as my world fell away from me. Stumbling, I reached out, catching myself on the edge of the table as Tristan's living room came into focus. I didn't have time to straighten before he grabbed me again. My vision blurred as he propelled me across the room. The floor rushed up to meet me, and I yelped as my world flipped. My head slammed painfully against the wall, and white light burst before my eyes. I would've slid to the floor if I wasn't being held up by his will alone. Tristan stood twenty feet away from me, seething. He looked like he wanted to kill me, and I shuddered. I wouldn't be surprised if he shot laser beams from his eyes to fry me on the spot.
"Tell me you weren't alone," he repeated, drawing out the words.
"Why are you-?" I let out a squeak as he was all of a sudden directly in front of me. He pressed me into the wall, his fangs just inches from ripping out my throat.
"Tell me you were not alone," he said again, his tone calm and deadly.
"I was," I gasped out, his mere presence almost suffocating.
He pushed himself away from me with a snarl. "Why?" he snapped. "Why would you not listen?" I gulped. "Why do I always have to make you do as I say?" Hot and cold flashes of sensation coursed throughout my body, and for the hell of it, I couldn't stop shivering.
"I couldn't wait around and do nothing," I mumbled.
"Doing nothing is sometimes the best course of action," he growled. "Demons are not rogue vampires, you foolish child. Do you understand?" I nodded. He flashed to me, and I swallowed as he cupped my chin, tightening his grip so I couldn't move. His eyes bored into mine, and I couldn't look away even if I wanted to. "Do you?" he repeated, barely getting the words out. "Because I don't think you do." I stiffened, afraid of what he was about to do. "With you, it will always be the hard way."
"Sorry," I said. "I'm sorry."
"I am, too," he whispered, and then I found myself pulled into the void. And falling.

{December 14, 1908}

The battle was getting worse and worse by the moment. One demon struck down only to be replaced by another demon, more vicious, more ruthless. The snow-covered ground was drenched in black and red blood, littered with body parts, the wounded, and the dying. I was bathed in demon blood, and it burned like the fire of hell itself. Screams filled my ears as I stood in the middle of a warzone. Sucking in a sharp breath, I jerked as I felt a painful stab in my chest followed by a brief emptiness of numbing cold. Another death of a vampire, and rage continued to boil my blood as I cut down a demon. My sword flashed, blurring as I pushed my way through the horde. Snarling, I kicked a demon with green scales that oozed something white, and I nearly gagged as the odor hit me. "Fuck," I hissed as more black blood rain on and around me.
"Tristan!" Jailyn yelled over the screams of dying vampires and demons. Pale hand covered in blood appeared in the multicolored scales, yanking me out and to her side. I stabbed another demon in the gut and out her back, before withdrawing and decapitating her head from her shoulders. A silver claw came at me, and surrounded as I was, I couldn't dodge fast enough. Pain sliced through my arm, and I sucked in a sharp breath, realizing too late that the tip was coated in its own blood. As I began to burn from the inside out, I lunged for him. Knocking him to the ground, we pounded the shit out of each other. Breaking off a horn followed by the other one, I put my sword to his neck and pressed down hard. His glowing red eyes widened a split second before the head parted from the body. Cursing them all out in several languages, I got up and stumbled as I broke out in sweat. A fireball narrowly missed me as a redheaded witch grabbed hold of me.
"Stay with me, vampire," Davina said close to my ear as my vision blurred with the beginning of a fever. Sven dropped from the sky, killing all demons his sword came in contact with. When there was ten feet between us and them, he sheathed his sword at his back and looked at me.
"Damn," he growled. "You do not look good." He pulled me from Davina, and as the burning pain increased, everything went dark.

I couldn't breathe. I couldn't speak as I shook uncontrollably. "Okay," I said, my teeth chattering. "I hate you."
Tristan sighed and pulled me into his arms, muttering something I couldn't make out. "Have you not noticed? Everyone hates me."
"I'm sorry," I repeated and snuggled into him as his body began to radiate heat. "You're a horrible sire," I mumbled.
"I've been told that a couple of times or two," he said, carrying me to a couch and sitting.
I snorted. "Uh huh."
He pulled back a little and put a finger under my chin, tilting my head until I met his eyes. "That was reckless of you." I pouted, and his eyes narrowed dangerously. "Do not ever do that again. Am I understood?"
"But what if I'm attacked?"
He arched an eyebrow. "You run?"
"But-" He put a hot finger to my lips, shutting me up. I scowled.
"Stop being so?" He glared at me.
"Difficult?" I offered, slapping his hand. He dropped said hand to my shoulder and growled.
"Yes," he snapped as I felt Ari entering. "Ariella, be a sweetheart and kill this child for me." He grunted as I pushed myself away from him.
"You suck!" I complained. "You all fucking suck!"
"Kira Conoleki Tronis," he said slowly, softly. I cringed as my name came out more of a deadly warning and not exasperated or reprimanding. Ari winced but didn't make a move to help me. "Do you want to see more?"
"No," I said quickly and flashed out of his reach. "No."
"Are you sure, because it seems to me that one little scene from my past isn't enough for you to take seriously."
"I am taking it seriously."
"Are you?" I nodded, not taking my eyes from him. I let out a small scream as he once again grabbed me. Shit, I didn't even see him move. "Show me," he growled. "Show me the demon you've killed."
"Let go," I said, grunting.
"Now," he warned.
"It was an imp."
"This is ridiculous," he said, and before I could so much as process that, I screamed as he sank his fangs into my forearm. The bite was only for a split second, but the pain told a different story. He released me, his eyes going unfocused as I curled into myself and clutched my bleeding arm. Tristan's breathing grew ragged as Ari flashed to my side. She pulled my arm to her.
"Honestly, Kira, why don't you ever do what you are told?" she asked, scowling.
I groaned. "I hate following orders."
"Apparently so," she said, sighing. "If it was me that told you not to kill demons alone, would you have listened?"
"No."
"I thought as much," she muttered and closed her mouth over the bleeding wound. I shuddered as the pain faded and warmth took over. Grimacing, she pulled back, sealing the wound.
"Corinne!" Tristan snarled. "Come here!" A second later, an out of breath and bloodied Corinne appeared in the middle of the living room. He grunted as Ari jumped on him, knocking him to the floor.
"Sire?" Corinne asked and then groaned. "Sorry, sorry, I killed a rogue a few seconds before you called for me."
"Get off," Tristan snarled, but Ari shook her head and straddled him.
"You were saying?" Ari asked, and he hissed as she touched the deadly silver blade to his neck. I scowled at her. Where the hell did that blade come from? Tristan bared his fangs, and Ari yelped as he grabbed her wrist.
"Tristan," Corinne said loudly. Ari jerked her wrist from his hold and dodged his grab for her. I slowly got to my feet, absent-mindedly rubbing my arm. Taking in a deep breath, Tristan looked to Corinne and grunted. I had no idea how much effort it took for him to not kill us all, but from all the grunts, I gathered it was a lot.
"Your sister is one step away from death," he said dryly.
Corinne blinked. "Did she overdose on chocolate again?" I glared at her.
"No," he said, drawing out the word. "But I am a few seconds away from staking her."
She smiled. "Okay?" Corinne let out a gasp and stumbled back, her butt hitting the floor hard.
"What is he doing?" I asked, glancing at Ari.
"Showing her your wonderful demon kill," she said with a heavy sigh.
"Great," I muttered. When Tristan was done, Corinne was a panting heap on the floor.
"What do you want me to do?" Corinne asked, pressing her fingers into her eyes.
"Watch her, and if she is about to engage in another demon fight alone, you are to teleport her out."
"Got it," she said, sitting up.
"But," I spluttered.
"Damn it, Kira!" Tristan snapped. "You're going to get yourself killed. You were lucky the first time! You will not be so the second time around! Do me and yourself a favor and not! Test me!" By the time he was done, my ears were ringing, and I of course, felt like shit. I so needed my chocolate fix, I silently groaned, my hands up and slowly backing away. "And if I find that you incapacitate Corinne, I will compel you to stay away from what you crave the most."
"Maybe you should do it anyways," said Corinne. "It might help her to get over her ridiculous addiction."
"Perhaps I will."
"I won't go on a demon hunt alone," I said, finally giving up. "I swear."
Tristan appeared in front of me and took hold of both my wrists, yanking me to him. "Say it," he growled in my ear.
"You don't trust me?" I squeaked.
He chuckled. "This has nothing to do with trust, sweetheart," he whispered, and I shivered. "Now give me your word, or you are not leaving this room."
"I give you my word," I said, and then yelped as a brief burning sensation went through me.
"Good. You do best. Not to break it." He shoved me none to gently away from him. "Get out." With a miserable nod, I headed for the door.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

SKYLER

I sighed as I shoved another handful of popcorn into my mouth and chewed. Alyssa leaned back in her chair, so far that she let out a gasp, almost toppling over. Jane, sitting on the floor across from me, giggled. The little girl was what, ten, eleven years old? To my knowledge, she was the only human no one minded being around. She had a way of? lightening the mood without even trying. "Not funny," Alyssa muttered, rubbing her stomach while getting her heart rate back to normal.
"Yes, it was," Jane said, pulling the popcorn bowl toward her. Behind her on the couch, Brianna snorted, dropping her feet to the floor and getting up. My hand shot out, catching her before she could fall on her little sister and the table.
"Thanks," Brianna said, steadying herself. She muttered something about Jenkins and Alyssa smirked.
"You still on him about that?" Alyssa asked.
Brianna shrugged, walking into the kitchen. "If I remember correctly, he said that I'd be walking in no time."
"And you are."
She nodded. "I sometimes forget I fall on my face if I tried getting up on my own."
"Or if you put too much strain or pressure on your legs."
She grimaced. "Don't remind me." She opened the refrigerator and pulled out a can of root beer. Popping the tab, she guzzled it. Alyssa got up and went to the wheelchair in the corner. Wheeling it to the kitchen and stopping just in the archway, she nodded to it. Brianna dropped the empty can into the trash and came over. Grumbling, she sat in her chair and buckled herself in. Nodding approvingly, Alyssa pushed her close to the couch. Leaning against the wall, she glanced at the window.
"Are you expecting someone to climb through your window?" I asked as Jane yawned.
Alyssa shrugged. "Demons."
"Did you read the book your sire gave you?"
"Some."
"It's not that long."
She snorted. "I fucking hate reading."
"I do, too," I said, finishing off the popcorn bowl. "That is why I've been bombarding Ari with questions." I chewed my lower lip. "Ask Trent."
"I just did." She frowned, and then nodded. "Good, they can't come in unless invited."
"Don't invite glowing red or green eyes," Jane said under her breath.
"Don't invite anyone you don't know in," Alyssa corrected.
"Right," she muttered. Brianna snorted, and then coughed.
"Our mother was compelled," Alyssa said defensively. Brianna harrumphed and rested her head on the headrest of her chair.
"She still doesn't know?" I asked.
"I?" She hesitated. "If she doesn't accept what I am, I can't just wipe her mind. She's my mother for god sake."
I winced. "Yeah," I said with a sigh. "I'm just lucky my parents were cool with it."
"Yes, after they had a full-blown panic attack for weeks." I again winced. "Did you tell Ari about that?"
"No," I grumbled. "I don't have to."
"Hmm," Brianna said thoughtfully. "This sire thing, isn't it intrusive?"
"Yes!" Alyssa and I exclaimed in unison.
Brianna laughed. "Can't you guys uh? like uh? sense your sires too? Like they can with you?"
"We can," I said. "But the thing is, I'm like a year and a half old in vampire life, and Ari is like over a thousand."
"Oh," she breathed. "The older, the more powerful." I nodded.
"Mine is over two thousand," said Alyssa. "If he doesn't want me to sense him, he just blocks me."
"You make us sound so old," Jailyn said, and we all? sadly, let out a scream.
"Damn it!" I said, picking up the empty bowl and throwing it at her. "I really, really hate you old fuckers."
"I am truly, truly insulted," the necromancer said in amusement, easily catching the bowl and setting it back on the table. "Might I remind you that you, too, can move just as silently?"
"Not the point!" I yelled. Alyssa flashed to Jane and pulled her into her arms as the little girl hyperventilated.
"I think I'm dying," Jane gasped. She looked like she wanted to throw something at Jailyn, too, or laugh.
"Forgive me, sweetheart," Jailyn said, chuckling.
"Can I hit you?" Jane asked hopefully.
"If that will make you feel better." She squirmed, but Alyssa held her sister tighter, shaking her head. "I won't harm her." Jailyn said, scowling. "Has one of us laid a finger on her before?"
"Tristan?" I offered.
"I like him," Jane said, grunting.
"You are strange, young one," Jailyn said, laughing softly and resting a hand on top of her head. Jane stilled in Alyssa's arms, a shudder going through her. Then she reached up and slapped Jailyn's arm. Alyssa took in a deep breath and held it. Jailyn ruffled Jane's hair before pulling away and straightening. "Better?" Jane nodded and started up on her wriggling, trying to break Alyssa's hold on her. With a reluctant sigh, Alyssa released her, and she jumped to her feet, moving to the window. "Hmm," Jailyn said thoughtfully. "Forget I asked that question."
"Done," Jane said and turned to face us.
"So," Alyssa said slowly. "Can I help you with? something?" she asked hesitantly, as if the necromancer would strike her down if she said or did the wrong thing.
Jailyn smiled creepily, and Alyssa stiffened, putting up a hand. "I cannot drop by to say hi to my favorite fledgling?" she asked, and we all shuddered as the strange calmness of her voice washed over us.
"Yeah," Alyssa said slowly. "The problem is? you never drop by just for popcorn."
Jailyn chuckled. "Fair enough." Walking into the kitchen, I went over to the sink, turning on the water and washing my hands. "I'm here to steal Skyler."
"What?" I asked, shutting off the water. Grabbing the towel next to the sink, I dried off my hands. Tossing it back onto the counter, I walked back into the living room. "What did I do?"
The necromancer sighed. "Why is it you youngling expect something wrong when we request you?"
"Request?" I asked.
She shrugged. "Call on, borrow, steal, however you wish to decipher the meaning of the word."
I frowned. "Okay, where are we going?"
"Does it matter?" she asked, smirking.
"You're not helping."
She flashed over to me and put her pale hands on my shoulders. "One day, sweetling. You're going to have to trust your vampire family."
I raised an eyebrow. "I already do. But, unlike my human family, my vampire side of the family is more likely to kill me. Accidental or not."
"Charming," she said, and I stiffened as she wrapped me in her arms. Laughing in my ear, she teleported.
The acrid smell of smoke, metal, and burning wood hit me the moment we appeared in midair over the ruin building of Tronis Inc. I coughed and couldn't stop coughing as Jailyn flew to the other side. Descending to the ground, she held me at arm's length and just stared at me. When she didn't say anything, I stepped away, scowling. "What?" I wheezed, doubling over. She shook her head, a plastic water bottle appearing in her hand. She handed it to me, and I took it gratefully. Twisting off the cap, I chugged the cold liquid. Letting out a heavy sigh, I crushed the empty bottle and looked around. "What are we doing here?" I asked, glancing up at the lightening sky. Jailyn pointed to the piles of rubble. "You want me to clear that out of the way?"
"Yes," she said. I mentally reached out but stopped when she tapped a cold finger on my hand. "With magic."
"Oh," I said and shifted nervously.
"This state has turned into my worst nightmare," a female voice said from behind me. Blinking, I turned and stared up, and up, and up, until I looked into the bright blue eyes of Officer Bridget Vendostrum. One hand in her pocket and the other on her gun, she scowled. "I was planning to have breakfast with my sister this morning, but no. I get woken up at three A.M by my cell phone going off and the chief of police screaming into my ear." She growled something unintelligible and sighed. Jailyn stepped up beside me and held out a blade to Bridget, who blinked in surprise. I did, too, because the twelve-inch blade she was holding out looked like opaque glass, sharp on both sides and connected to a silver hilt with rune markings. Bridget hesitated, before taking her hand from the butt of her gun and reaching out to take the blade. The necromancer smirked, handing her the sheath for it. "Thank you?"
"You are welcome," Jailyn said, handing her another sheathed blade. "Keep these on you at all times. If you happened to run into demons, please, do not hesitate to stab them through the heart before screaming and calling for help." Bridget nodded, looking nervously around her. "They can't enter your home unless you invite them in." She winced. "For all of our sakes, please don't invite a demon into your home. I rather like being on Tristan's good side." Bridget nodded. "Has he paid you a visit?"
She shook her head, frowning. "Did I do something wrong?"
Jailyn shook her head. "Of course not, if you had, you would know." She put a hand on my shoulder. "He wishes to establish a bond with you and your sister."
"Why do I get the feeling we're not thinking about the same definition of the word 'bond'?"
Jailyn chuckled. "That is because we're not. He's going to create a blood bond with you, which means he'll be able to know when you or your sister is in trouble."
Bridget nodded. "How does this blood bond work?"
"I'll let him explain it to you."
"Okay," Bridget said slowly, stepping away from us as one of the officers called to her. She hesitated, looking back and forth between us. Jailyn nodded, waving her off.
"Does she know?" I asked, staring after Bridget.
"Know what?"
"That she's Tristan's great times a billion great granddaughter?"
"No," she said slowly.
"They do look alike." Jailyn stared at me. "Sort of," I muttered.
"Right," the necromancer said, drawing out the word. She turned me back around and nodded to the destruction in front of us. "The most basic spell all witch can master in no time," she continued. "Now, if you please, mutter away." Taking in a deep breath, I started concentrating and muttering a spell. A second later, the pile of rubble began to move, lifting from the ground. Jailyn pointed, and I nodded, directing the debris to set down just outside the line of trees off to my right. I had no idea how long I stood there muttering under my breath, but the next thing I knew, there were no more rubble to be cleared out, and my eyes burned from the bright daylight. I squinted, covering my eyes and pressing the heels of my hands into them as tears slowly ran down my cheeks.
"Ow," I groaned. "This burns," I said, cursing.
"Well done," said Jailyn. "I did not want to distract you," she said, tapping my hand with what felt like a pair of sunglasses. Lowering my hands, I rubbed my eyes, keeping them closed until I had the ultra-dark sunglasses on. Blinking furiously, I looked up at the sky, my stomach clenching painfully. Jailyn rested a hand on the small of my back and pushed lightly, forcing me to start walking. We didn't even make it ten feet before a flying screeching thing came out of nowhere and dive-bombed us. I screamed as claws came at me. Jailyn let out a low growl, and I wondered who I was afraid of more, the flying demon, or Jailyn. I pulled out my blade, stabbing upward and dodging at the same time. Pain sliced through me as a claw made a long gash in my arm. Shrieking, I launched myself into the air and propelled myself at the demon. We plummeted to ground, and I buried my blade into his chest. He screamed as Jailyn sent me flying before his blood could hit me. Flipping in midair, I landed in a crouch, scanning my surroundings. The humans were on the other side, far enough that they couldn't see what was going on. The air around the fighting grew thick as more demons joined their fallen comrade. It had formed into a translucent shield, and in the distance, I could see a witch standing out of sight of everyone around her. They were working overtime with the vampires, trying to keep humans from finding out that stuff of nightmares was all around them. Jailyn's eyes flashed white, and I let out a squeak, falling back on my ass as Ari appeared in front of me.
"Are you okay?" she asked. "Did you get any demon blood on you?"
"I'm okay," I said, letting her examine my arm. "And no, I didn't get any ichor on me." Wiping the blood from my arm, she stared at the pink, almost completely healed wound. "I'm okay," I repeated as she scowled and straightened, pulling me up with her. More demons appeared, blocking the way to the demolished foundation. Jailyn looked like she was about to lose it as she sliced, diced, and stabbed.
"Is she okay?" Bridget asked, walking over to us. "I saw what happened before you like? disappeared," she said to me. I nodded while Ari grumbled about something. "Did you know there's a gigantic hole?" she asked, gesturing to where the building once stood. I nodded. "We didn't go down there. We tried to but?"
"There is a spell cast at the opening," Davina said from behind me. Jade, Trent, Trynnadon, Raina, Sven, Liana, Casiar, and Jesric joined Jailyn in battling the demons back. Unlike rogue vampires, demons knew how to fight, and they used those claws, horns, wings, fangs and tail to good use. Oh, let's not forget the speed and strength, and of course, their blood was poisonous to vampires such as myself. Rogue vampires know how to fight, Ari silently admonished me, and I grimaced. Well, I silently huffed. Not any I've seen. She glared at me, and I sighed.
"Can they break through it?" Ari asked.
Davina nodded. "If they are powerful enough."
"And if they are not?"
"They'll fry to a crisp."
"How pleasant," she said dryly. "So Skyler cannot pass, then?"
"She can, if you wrap her up in your arms," Davina said, smirking.
"What about teleporting?"
She shook her head. "I have a no teleporting spell in place. Most of the demons can teleport, and I'm pretty sure you don't want them down there."
"Well," I said. "We'll have to get in there the old fashion way. My favorite."
"So," Bridget said slowly.
Ari put a reassuring hand on her arm, stopping her from continuing. "There are a few vampires in the human police force. They'll take care of the humans who don't need to know what is going on around them." Bridget grunted, sighing, as another officer called her over. Ari smiled, nodding to her. "Go on." She put an arm around my shoulders as Bridget walked off. "And you, Skyler, need a drink."
"Whiskey with blood?"
"You can't get drunk. The closest you can get is buzzed, and that takes like five gallons."
I snorted. "The burn down my throat will be good enough."
"Very well. Davina, care to join us?"
The witch shrugged. "Sure, why the hell not." Ari reached out, and the moment her finger made contact, everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

JORDANA

I picked up my empty wine glass and stared at it intently. The low murmurs of the patrons here at the Night Life Bar faded to the background as I gripped the stem tightly. Cane's pale hand came into view as he refilled it with white wine. "Blood?" he asked gently, but I didn't answer. I frowned, taking a sip and glancing at him.
"Cane," Ari said from the door leading out of the bar.
"Ari," Cane said, moving away from me. "What can I get you and Skyler?"
"Nothing for me," she said, coming over to my table.
"Can I get a bottle of whiskey?" Skyler asked, sitting down across from me. "No blood."
"Sure." Ari scowled at her.
"I am not going to mix blood with alcohol. That sounds?" She frowned. "Gross." I leaned back in my chair and stared up at the ceiling, swirling the wine around in my mouth before swallowing.
"It's not bad," I said blankly.
Skyler shook her head. "I'm not mixing blood with anything for the moment."
"If you say so," I said, sighing.
"Jordana, who are you here with?" Ari asked, taking the wine glass out of my hand before I could snap off the stem and stab someone with it.
I looked around the bar and pouted. "I can't come here alone?"
Ari raised an eyebrow. "Did you eat anyone?"
I blinked at her. "I ate a puppy."
"A werewolf?" Skyler asked. "Or an actual puppy."
"Her name is Amaris," I said and prodded the unconscious pup under the table. I heard a growl, and then I felt pain in my leg as she sunk her fangs in and held on. Guess she wasn't unconscious after all. "Ow," I said, almost whining. The entire bar fell silent as Skyler pushed from the table and dropped into a crouch. Amaris released my leg, and a moment later, the table shook as the pup shifted to human form and crawled out. Ari and Skyler shielded her nakedness from the onlookers as she straightened. Amaris's silver eyes met mine, and she glared at me. I inclined my head and studied her intently. "I like you better when you're a puppy," I said, frowning.
Amaris scowled. "You bit me," she said, baring her teeth at me.
"You were too cute. I couldn't resist." She stuck out her bottom lip as she tugged the bag around her left wrist open. Pulling out clothes, she quickly dressed in a pale pink T-shirt with a picture of a bunny rabbit on the front, baby blue stretchy pants, and white socks. I blinked at the bright colors and rubbed my stinging eyes. Closing the drawstring bag made out of black pelt, she pulled out a chair next to me and sat. "What were you doing out alone anyways?" I asked.
She shrugged. "Running away from a rogue vampire." She scowled. "And right to you," she grumbled.
"Sorry about that," said Skyler. "She didn't mean to hurt you." I glared at her as Ari got Cane's attention. She said something to him I couldn't make out, and all around us, the bar patrons went back to whatever they were talking about before the stupid pup bit me. Amaris frowned, peering at me curiously. "Where are your parents?" Skyler asked.
"They died when I was two."
Skyler winced. "I'm sorry to hear that." The little pup nodded. "Do you have a guardian?"
"Davina."
"The witch?" She nodded as I let out a growl. Ari rested a hand on my arm as I began to see red.
"I," I said slowly. "Hate witches," I snarled. Skyler cursed under her breath and drained her drink.
"Shit," she said. "I'm sorry, Jordana. I'm so sorry." I grabbed an empty glass that was sitting on the table and threw it across the room. It shattered against the far wall.
"She's a good one, remember?" Ari asked. I did remember, but nothing she said would convince my fucked-up mind otherwise. Out the corner of my eye, Cane was calmly directing people out of the bar. I got up, growling as I kicked the table over. Ari and Skyler flashed out of the way as everything went flying. Amaris was back in her puppy form, and she stayed far away from me, lip peeled back from her fangs. It felt like a dream as I continued to throw things around with my telekinetic power. A chair went flying, bouncing off an invisible wall protecting the bar and everything behind it. Damn, I thought. The blood and alcohol were safe from me.
"I," I growled. "Hate! Witches!"
"Okay," Ari said slowly, and then she was suddenly in front of me. I let out a yelp as she spun me around. I struggled as she wrenched my arms behind my back. I tried to move my head, but it felt like it weighed a ton. Panting, I stopped struggling and just stared at the floor. "I'm going to release you now," she said gently. "Are you going to behave?" I grunted and kicked at her leg, hard enough that she sucked in a sharp breath.
"Let go," I screeched, and then I let out a gasp as blue sparks flew from Amaris's fingers and straight for my chest. She was back to her human form and again naked. Ice numbing cold shot throughout my body, and I stiffened, giving Ari a chance to spin me back around and slammed me against the bar. Amaris came up beside me and stabbed me in the side with what looked like a fucking icicle in her right hand. Ari frowned at the little girl as my blood coated the icy weapon. I growled and bared my fangs as she withdrew and began to jab me.
"Interesting," Ari said as Sven appeared behind her. Amaris stopped jabbing me and stepped back, scowling as a ball of flame appeared on her palm. Sven bent and put a gentle hand on her shoulder, staring deep into her weird silver eyes.
"Interesting indeed," he said softly and straightened. Ari released me, but before I could grab Amaris, my sire had me in a chokehold, and my world blurred as he propelled us out of the bar.
The frigid cold air slapped my face as he launched us toward the sky. His arm came around and held me tightly against him, his hand switching from around my throat to holding my head in an unbreakable grip against his shoulder. I couldn't bite or spit at him since I was facing out into empty air. I could, however, kick him, and I did. He grunted on my every contact, but he didn't slow down his flying. In my head, I was cursing and screaming, but no sound escaped me. My stomach suddenly dropped as he shot downward through the air. A moment later, my feet met solid ground. He released me, and before I could go for his throat, he grabbed my hair and pulled my head back. It didn't hurt, but I couldn't move an inch, either. "Enough," he growled. Knowing that I wasn't going to get anywhere, I stopped my struggling and glared up at the night sky. Sven released my hair, and I straightened, turning my head and cracking my neck. My nose twitched as I caught the scent of an approaching human. Sven put a hand on my shoulder and turned me until I had my back to him. The approaching human stopped in front of me, a blank expression on his face. "Feed," my sire whispered in my ear. I thought of killing the human as I reached out and pulled him closer. "I said feed, not kill," Sven said in a deadly warning tone as I gladly buried my fangs in the human's jugular. I drew the hot, sweet blood into my mouth and down my throat, sighing. After a couple more pulls, Sven stuck his cold fingers into my mouth and pushed down hard on my tongue. I snarled and pulled back, jerking away from him and the human. Cursing at him, I turned and ran off. It wasn't long until I felt him closing in on me. "Dana," he said with a tired sigh and grabbed the back of my shirt before everything went dark. When the darkness lifted, my hand shot out and connected with something solid. From the choked sound that followed, I realized I just hit someone in the throat. I blinked several times, and then smirked as blood spilled from Tristan's mouth. He took in a deep breath, letting it out in a cough.
"Sorry," I said, even though I wasn't in the slightest. The half empty blood bag in his hand, he glared at me, snatching the napkin from the table beside him and wiping the blood off his mouth, chin, and neck. Sven spun me to face him and promptly shoved me onto the couch next to his sire. I pouted up at my own sire, and he scowled down at me. He suddenly stiffened, pain clouding his eyes. Tristan drained what remained of his blood bag, and then he let out a low growl that sent chills up and down my spine. With a snarl, Sven disappeared, and I frowned after him. "Where did he go?" I asked blankly. I froze, as Tristan's aura suddenly wrapped around me. Rubbing his arm, as if it pained him, he bared his fangs. His second set of fangs shot from his gums, and I forced myself to get up. I didn't get far, because a few seconds later, angry curses filled my ears. Liana, covered in black and red blood appeared in the middle of the living room, Sven close beside her. Tristan was up and directly in front of her in a heartbeat. His eyes turned solid white, but instead of going for her throat like I thought he would, he cupped her chin and stared deeply into her eyes. Everything went dark, and a split second later, we were all standing in the bathroom. Tristan took several steps back as Liana ripped her clothes off and tossed them into the sink along with her weapons. We all looked her up and down as she jumped into the shower, curses still flying from her mouth. Sven and Tristan both stepped up to the sink and washed the blood from their hands before turning back to Liana, their eyes lingering on the multiple wounds, until they healed completely. Pink water continued to swirl down the drain as she went to work on her hair.
"I am getting a fucking haircut after this," Liana growled. Sven stepped toward the bathtub and took her hands, lowering them before she could pull out her hair. Tristan opened a cabinet and took out a new bottle of shampoo, handing it to Sven who took it and set it on the side of the tub. He leaned in and reached for the opened bottle, drenching himself in the process. Liana let out a long sigh and ducked her head under the shower. A cold hand rested on my arm, and I turned to Tristan. He led me from the bathroom, closing the door behind us.
"I want to know the instant she feels sick," he said to the closed door. "Not a second later." He stared at it a second longer, before grunting and leading me back to the living room.
"Is she okay?" I asked, coming to an abrupt stop.
"We'll find out in a few minutes," said Tristan. "She was covered with demon blood and her own. It only takes a couple of drops to take effect."
I stiffened, as a shiver came over me. "Will it kill her?"
He hesitated, pushing me onto the couch. "I will be honest with you, Jordana," he said softly. "If she has demon blood in her, it will be a very, very slow and agonizing death, if she does not purge it from her system." He sat down beside me and sighed. "It will slowly weaken her." I frowned. "To the point where she cannot feed on her own." He paused. "It will cause her to go into a frenzy the longer it's in her bloodstream." I nodded. He inclined his head, as if listening to something. I could still hear Liana ranting in the bathroom, and Sven was having no luck in calming her down. Tristan let out another sigh. This time, I heard the undercurrent of a growl. His eyes drifted to the blood on the floor, and the air around us suddenly became heavy and charged. I shifted away from him, and then let out a silent curse as his head snapped to me. I froze and held my breath. Feeling detached from the world, and instead of remaining silent and very still, I mentally reached out and jerked one of his many knives from the table and stabbed him? or tried to. He caught the blade and set it back on the table. I let out a scream and fell off the couch and away from him. Flashing to my feet, I turned and ran up to the second floor. Tristan took the faster way up. He jumped the railing, and I ran right into him before I could stop myself. His arms came around me, and I shivered as his cool breath played across my ear. "Don't," he warned, growling low in his throat. We stayed like that for who knew how long before I heard a door opening. By this point, Liana was no longer cursing and snarling, though I could hear the occasional growl coming from her.
"She is fine," Sven said from behind me. Tristan reluctantly straightened, but he didn't release me. "Her blood doesn't smell off, and my mouth didn't blister when I tasted it."
"Tell me that you did not swallow," Tristan growled.
"I did not." He put a hand on my shoulder. "Can I have my child back? Before she decides to try and stab you again?" he drawled. Tristan glanced at me, his hunger filled eyes boring into mine. Reluctantly, he released me and stepped back. With a nod to his sire, he teleported, taking me with him.

AMARIS

"Davina," I hissed softly into the darkness. I could see her, but she couldn't see me or the two rogue vampires creeping up behind her. Davina was wearing a winter coat, a scarf, gloves, hat, and everything that was appropriate in the winter. I only had on a puffy pink coat over my shirt since I could withstand the cold more. The vampires heard me, and I ducked deeper into the shadows, silently cursing myself for not wearing something other than pink. Finally sensing danger, Davina stopped walking and inclined her head. "Davina," I said louder. There was no point in whispering since they knew that I was here. Sometimes I wish I had the ability to speak mind-to-mind like the vampires could. Since Davina wasn't a shifter, I couldn't send any form of message to her. With a sigh, I wriggled out of my clothes and shifted into a wolf. Throwing back my head, I howled up at the sky. Davina jerked into motion, spinning around and driving a blade into one of the vampire's side. She somehow got a glove off, and flames crackled in her other hand a split second before she threw the fireball at the second rogue. I launched myself into the air and straight for the second rogue. He grunted as I hit him, causing him to stumble back. We both froze as we heard a click of a gun. We looked up at the tall blonde female human standing beside the rogue Davina had knifed. She pressed the shotgun to the back of his skull, and the rogue let out an amused laugh. The rogue beside me shifted, and I growled, jumping on top of him and clamping my jaws around his neck. Blood filled my mouth, but I kept on chewing.
"You think that gun is going to kill me?" the first rogue drawled. I clawed my rogue's chest open, stabbing until I got to his heart. I shook my head violently, glad that Davina had him immobilized with a simple spell. Bones crunched, but I kept on chewing and clawing, until his head finally parted from his shoulders. Pulling back, I turned to the human and the rogue, waiting. The human took in a deep breath and shrugged.
"I think it will," she said. "I was told a pointblank with a shotgun would do the trick nicely."
"Not if-" There was a flash, a loud crack that split my eardrums, and the rogue's head exploded, sending blood and brains everywhere.
"I get you first," she said, and she shuddered.
"Bridget?" Davina spluttered and just stared at her, like she had never seen her before. We heard the sound of clapping, and we turned as Tristan and Bridget's identical twin stepped from the shadows. Davina spluttered some more before the fireballs in her hands slowly died out
. She was no longer wearing any gloves, and her hands were red from the cold. Tristan held out his hand to Bridget, and she hesitated before giving him the gun. It vanished from his hand a second later, and he glanced around, his eyes stopping on me. I squirmed, my claws digging into the cold ground, like it would somehow give way and I could disappear into it.
"Astrid," Bridget said as I continued to squirm. "Are you okay?"
"Fuck," Astrid said with a sigh, walking over to her sister. I tuned them out and just focused on Tristan.
"Where the fuck did you come from?" Davina asked, glaring at him.
"I was hunting," Tristan said softly. "Then I paid sweet Bridget a visit." His lips twitched, but his eyes never left me. "When she opened the door, I was surprise to find a gun leveled at my head," he said sarcastically. "Astrid was with her, and they wanted to kill some rogues."
Davina blinked. "And you let them?"
He shrugged. "No way of learning if you just take everything in and just sit on your ass."
"Are they taking self-defense at least?"
"No," he said dryly. "They're not. I do not want them to protect themselves in the slightest. I want them to sit around until some-"
"Fuck you," Davina said, cutting him off. "You are such a fucking asshole," she muttered under her breath.
He sighed. "Sven is training them."
"Really? I thought you signed them up for some classes or something of that nature," Davina said, blinking.
"Sweetheart, have you taken a good look around you as of late?" She sighed, and Tristan grunted, groaning as he doubled over. He sucked in a sharp breath and straightened, his eyes narrowing on her. The air crackled, and I backed up into the shadows. A fireball appeared in Davina's hand, and she threw it at him. He dodged it easily, and I stiffened as he was suddenly directly in front of her. Another fireball appeared in her hand, and she yelped as blue light shot from his hand and hit the orange flame, snuffing it out. "You really, really don't want to do this," he growled. "Sending that burst of energy into me was not a great move."
She flinched, taking several steps away from him. She also had an oh-shit look on her face. Grimacing, she cursed under her breath. "Amaris, come to me now." I lunged toward her, but before I could reach her, icy cold hands caught me. I let out a whimper and struggled as Tristan held me to him. Davina froze, her eyes widening in fear. "Stop struggling," she said in a whisper. I did as she said and stilled in his arms.
"Well," Tristan growled. "Who do we have here?" Davina stiffened. "Are you going to introduce me to this lovely, lovely little wolf of yours?" He inhaled deeply, and I couldn't help the chills that came over me. "She is very, very special," he said in a whisper. "Very? special indeed."


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

VIOLET

No demons, no rogues, no humans walking about. Fuck my god damn life. The sun was just rising, and I squinted up at the brightening sky. I let out a squeak as my stomach did a summersault and then dropped as someone did a jump from this world to the abyss or the other way around. I still couldn't tell the difference. Reaching deep inside of myself and finding the icy cold power of necromancy, I directed it to my hands, forming a ball of pure darkness. Like any form of magic, it took willpower to control and direct. The ball of shadows grew, until my hands could no longer be seen. "Planning to kill someone?" a low voice drawled from behind me. I scowled and turned to my sire. Casiar smirked and thrust his hand into my shadows, dispersing them like I hadn't conjured them in the first place. I dropped my hands to my sides and pouted? if only a little.
"Why did you do that for?"
"Any bigger you'll lose control."
I scowled. "And here I thought I had unlimited power at my disposal," I said dryly.
His eyes narrowed dangerously, running his hand through his white-blond hair. "One day," he said with a sigh. "I'm not going to stop you. Maybe the feel of being drained and a headache on top of all that will teach you something."
I sighed. "Jailyn said she'll personally kill me if I ever drain myself to the point of not being able to defend myself."
He chuckled. "I suggest you take her seriously. It's good for your well-being and mine."
I arched an eyebrow. "Yours?"
"Sweetheart, have you seen her in action?"
"Sure I have. She is something."
"Should I be honored that you are talking about me?" a hypnotic voice asked sweetly. I stiffened and mentally blinked several times, shaking my head.
"Damn," Casiar muttered. Jailyn appeared out of nowhere and put her arms around him.
"What was that?" she asked.
I smirked. "He said he was going to let me drain myself-" I let out a grunt, rubbing my stomach as an invisible force punched me. "Never mind," I muttered.
"Oh, I heard that part of the conversation." Casiar sighed and stepped from her arms. A second later, I stiffened as a blade suddenly appeared in his hand. It shot past me, and a moment later, I heard a gasp and then a gurgle. Jailyn sighed. "Why is it when I appear, there's always trouble?" We walked over to the downed rogue, and she held out her hand to me. I stared at it, wondering if I wanted to suck out a soul for the first time. Casiar cleared his throat and gave me an amused look.
"You will have unlimited power, if you host souls," he said helpfully. For that, Jailyn pulled out a blade and pointed it at him. He raised his hands and took a step back. "What?" he asked innocently. "I was just trying to be helpful." She threw the knife at him, and he caught it effortlessly.
"Not another word from you," she warned. He opened his mouth but snapped it shut when she pulled another blade on him. He muttered something about being a hard ass and flashed off into the distance. "Now then," she said cheerfully as I felt my sire's eyes on me. I hated being watched, but like all things, something could go wrong on the first try. Jailyn held out her hand to me again, and I sighed. Taking in a deep breath, I went to her side by the cursing rogue. She crouched and pulled me down with her. "Come on," she said coaxingly. "It's not that bad."
"Not that bad?" I spluttered. The rogue groaned as Jailyn thumped the hilt of the blade deeper into his spine.
"Well, it's not that bad after you get use to them." The rogue let out a scream as she flipped him over and slammed him back to the blood-soaked ground. "So, you are going to have only one soul, until you get used to it. When you're ready, you can add more to your?" She frowned. "Collection?" I snorted.
"What the fuck are you talking about?" the rogue gasped. Jailyn ignored him and nodded to me.
"What do I do?" I asked with a sigh.
"Put your mouth on his." I scowled. "Like you're going to give him CPR or kiss him, but please don't kiss him? or give him CPR." I glared at her before leaning over the rogue. She pressed something cold into my hand, and I realized that it was a blade. "Drive that through his heart."
"Why?"
"So he can be very still for you," she drawled. I shrugged and drove the blade into his chest, straight for his heart. The rogue screamed, but no sound escaped him. "Now, I want you to look deeply into his eyes like you're going to compel him or read his deepest, darkest secrets he keeps hidden behind closed doors."
"I have to go deeper," I said.
"Yes, you will know when you find what you're looking for. When you find it, draw it towards you by focusing and inhaling."
"You make it sound so easy," I muttered.
She laughed softly. "Once you get the hang of soul-sucking, it will be effortless as breathing. To help you out, you'll be drawn to it like we're drawn to the smell of blood."
I nodded and glared at the rogue. "Why did it have to be you?" I asked him. "You probably taste like shit."
"Sorry to disappoint, but no souls taste like shit. Just don't think that you're on top of the universe afterwards. Keep in mind of what I've drilled into you time and time again these past centuries." I shuddered, nodding. "Whenever you are ready, you may begin." Taking in another deep breath, I leaned down and pried the rogue's mouth open. I put my own mouth over his and stared deeply into his widened, terror-filled eyes. I centered myself and reached for the ice numbing cold that was my magic and let it lead me as Jailyn's centuries of teaching went on a loop in my mind. I let out a gasp as something cold filled my mouth, and I could suddenly see a shimmering, silvery cord-like something in him. I felt a cold hand at the back of my neck, preventing me from pulling back. Focus, Jailyn whispered into my mind. Pull it towards you and inhale. I did as she said, and I watched the silvery cord turn shadowy and smoke-like. I groaned as I continued to inhale deeply, tasting the icy sweetness of it. I felt a light snap, and I squeezed my eyes shut against the sudden bright daylight. I would've savored the cold sweetness still lingering in my mouth, if it wasn't for the loud, angry wailing in my head. I pulled away from the now very dead rogue and plop my ass on the ground. Jailyn cupped my chin and turned my head. I opened my eyes and stared at her. "Block it out," she said, and I shuddered against the hypnotic pull in her voice. I willed myself to block out the sound, but of course it was easier said than done, because the fucking bastard decided to wail even louder. My head began to pound, and I tried to pull away from Jailyn. Casiar's hands came down on my shoulders, and I silently cursed them both. "Block it out," she repeated. "Fight it. You control the soul, not the other way around." With an angry growl, I mentally told the soul to shut the fuck up and pictured slamming it into a box and closing it. The sudden silence in my head took me by surprise, though it shouldn't have.
"Fuck," I hissed as blood poured from my eyes and nose.
"Now comes the best part," Jailyn said, releasing me. "For every soul you take." She removed the blade and punched her hand into the rogue's chest, ripping out his heart. Casiar pulled me up, but he kept a hand on my arm as my world spun around me.
"Do I have to?" I asked a moment later, almost pleading for her to say no.
"Yes." I pouted, wiping the blood from my face. Jailyn held out the bloody organ to me, and I just stared at it. "Take it." Grumbling, I took the heart from her and popped it into my mouth. I quickly chewed and swallowed it. This was going to take some getting used to. I grunted as a surge of power ran through me like being dunk in ice water and emerging a second later from the shock of it. Casiar's hand on me briefly tightened before he released me. "Every heart you consume, your souls will grow stronger, along with your magic. For every soul you take, you must feed it, so to speak." She put up a hand before I could interrupt her. "For one, the hearts will keep your souls contented and not drive you insane. Two, they'll be easier to control." She started muttering something under her breath, and I took a step back as what looked like a spinning vortex appeared between us. She growled, before sticking her hand in and yanking at something. A screeching sound came out of the vortex, and a few seconds later, Jailyn was holding a struggling, flailing imp in a death grip. "Ketra," she said, and I struggled against the pull of her voice. The imp froze, blinking up at her. "That's a good girl," she said, and the vortex snapped shut with nothing more than a soft pop and the strong smell of sulfur. Jailyn eased her grip and set the imp down with a warning look. "Ketra, where is Jesric?"
"Jesric is hunting," Ketra lisped, her tongue flicking in and out. Glowing green eyes found mine, and she tilted her head in acknowledgement.
"You're going to do me a favor," Jailyn said and nodded to me. Ketra's eyes flickered back and forth between us, pouting, or as much as a demon could pout anyways. Jailyn crouched and leaned in, whispering something in the imp's ear that I couldn't make out. I scowled, and before I could ask what was going on, everything went dark.

TRYNNADON

Sometimes, I wondered why I was still living. I groaned as a talon stabbed into my side. Being surrounded fucking sucked, especially when you're surrounded by a dozen demons. My eyes burned from the sun as I glared up at it. I was on the ground with a demon crouching over me and laughing his ass off while blood poured out of my multiple wounds like a fucking fountain. "Not so tough now, are you?" he asked, cackling. If I weren't in so much pain, I'd laugh right along with him.
"Well," I said, wheezing through the blinding pain. "At least I took out nine of your friends. I did an awesome job kicking ass if I have to say so myself." For that, I got another stab to the gut. I gritted my teeth against another wave of pain, my fangs punching through my bottom lip and adding more pain to the mix.
"Am I intruding?" a low voice hissed. I couldn't see the speaker, but I could feel the overwhelming power of death magic. It wasn't Casiar, but whoever he was had an effect on the remaining demons. They couldn't get away from me fast enough. A vampire came into my line of vision, and he walked over to me, the demons scuttling out of his way.
"You must be Jesric," I said, groaning.
"News spread fast, doesn't it?" he asked softly, so soft I had to strain to hear him. Dark sunglasses blocked me from meeting his unblinking eyes, but I could feel the weight of his gaze on me none the less. "And you must be Trynnadon. Your friends call you Tryn."
"You've done your research, I see." The demons didn't make a move as Jesric crouched before me. A second later, Tristan appeared at his side. The demons stopped whispering and just stared.
"Any of you so much make a move," Jesric said slowly to them. "I'll make sure you all regretted dearly." I let out a groan as Tristan's power overrode Jesric, who let out an evil laugh. Tristan just stood there, silent. He, too, crouched before me. He put a hand on my shoulder, and I let out a loud curse as a jolt went through me. He nodded to Jesric before everything went dark.
Curses other than my own filled my ears as Ari, Skyler, Davina, a werepup, and the rest surrounded us. "Fuck!" Ari yelled.
"Holy shit!" Skyler exclaimed.
"Damn," Davina muttered.
"Not you, too," Liana growled. The werepup came over and started sniffing me.
"Amaris!" Davina snapped and picked her up. Amaris let out a woof, but her silver eyes were trained on me. Davina put the pup down and glared at her. "Shift, it's going to take all of us to heal him."
"Great," I groaned. "Tell me I don't have demon shit in me."
Davina arched an eyebrow and snorted. "Have you seen yourself in the mirror?" I shrugged, and then grimaced as a new wave of pain ripped through me. "Well, let me tell you now. You don't look good."
"What do I do?" a child-like voice asked. Tristan, who still had his hand on my shoulder, straightened and disappeared into the kitchen.
"Bleed him," Tristan growled. Amaris nodded and held out her hand to Davina, who took it and drew closer to me. A dark blue shirt appeared in Ari's hand, and she threw it to the werepup. Amaris blinked before catching it and pulling it over her head. It covered her naked body completely as she knelt in my blood. My entire body began to tingle as magic filled the air. I tried to move away, but Tristan-the fucking bastard-appeared on my other side. His eyes met mine, and I knew nothing else, as darkness crashed over me.

SKYLER

TU-KRA-TADA-LIN-CA-HREZA, the spell to drain a body of its vital fluid, repeated over and over in the little shifter's mind as she drew power from her mentor, Davina. I walked over to them and put my hand on Amaris's head. She looked up at me, but she didn't stop her chanting as I pushed my own energy into the spell. Tristan, Liana, and Ari stood as still as statues, watching. Trynnadon was out like a light and unaware of everything that was happening to him. Blood erupted from him a few seconds later, but Amaris never stopped her silent chanting, even when black ichor touched her skin. The only sign that she felt the burning at all was an escaped whimper. She squeezed her eyes shut and her mouth firmly closed as more blood rained on and around us. Ari and Liana forced Tristan into the hallway and into one of the rooms. A moment later, Davina dropped the girl's hand and went straight for the bathroom. I didn't blame her in the least, because she had to get that demon blood off her before it could eat away at her skin or seep into her bloodstream. Amaris stopped chanting, and I grabbed her, flashing away as the remaining blood exploded from Trynnadon like a geyser. "Into the bathroom, now," Ari said from the hall. "Skyler, grab Tryn." I set Amaris on her feet and flashed back to Trynnadon. Cursing at the fact that I had to carry him, I bent and lifted him into my arms. I cursed some more as black blood burned me. I flashed into the bathroom, and we all jumped into the huge tub as the door slammed shut. Amaris still had her eyes shut as I gave Trynnadon over to Ari and I began to strip out of my clothes. "You all stay here," she muttered before disappearing with Trynnadon. Amaris let out a yelp as Davina dumped an entire bottle of body wash on her.
"Was that necessary?" I asked, frowning as I scrubbed myself, until I was red all over.
"You tell me," the witch muttered, washing Amaris until the poor complaining girl was covered in bubbles. I smirked and gathered up the clothes, tossing them into the sink to be burned later. Through the walls, I could hear Tristan cursing up a storm, probably because he couldn't eat anyone at the moment. Poor guy, I silently snorted and held back a chuckle. I looked the witch up and down, making damn sure there was no blood on her. As for Amaris, I didn't have to worry, because when Davina was done with her, she'd be as clean as a newborn babe. Oh, she could overpower the witch with little effort, but from what I've seen so far, they were as close as mother and daughter. I smiled and stepped out, steam billowing around me as I reached for a towel and wrapped myself in it.
"Are you feeling okay?" I asked her. Davina nodded. "Have Tristan sniff you both before you leave."
"Are you kidding me?" she spluttered. "I don't have vampire hearing like you do, but even I can hear him cursing up a blue moon. I am not going anywhere near him until he has his head on straight."
I put up a hand, stopping her. "Okay," I said. "Okay, you made your point." I glanced at the closed bathroom door. "Will you let Allia? She is the next best vampire on the list, and she just happens to be here." Davina scowled as the door open.
"Not to worry," Allia drawled, stepping into the bathroom. "I fed before I came here. I won't have the urge to bite you?" She paused. "Much."
"How reassuring," Davina said dryly. Shaking my head, I stepped from the bathroom, only to pull up short as Allia's cold hand wrapped around my upper arm.
"And you my dear." I groaned. "Tristan and Ari will have my head if there's even a trace of poison in your blood. Just because you don't have any opened wounds anywhere on your body. It doesn't mean shit when it comes to demons." I sighed and let her pull me closer. She turned me to face her, and I stood very still as she leaned in. I let out a yelp as her fangs sank into my neck. She pulled back a second later, looking thoughtful as she savored my blood. Tristan suddenly stopped cursing, and I stiffened, holding my breath. Allia finally swallowed and nodded. "You are clean," she said, and I was gone before Tristan had the bright idea to come after me. I shuddered, as Allia's laugh rang in my mind.


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

LIANA

Holding back Tristan was like holding back a starved predator from a hunt. Grunting, I strained against him, trying to keep him away from the closed bedroom door. It wasn't easy as we exchange blows after blows. Well, I was doing most of the hitting while he pushed me off of him, sent me flying into the wall, or mentally whipped me, which hurt like a fucking bitch. "Allia," Tristan growled, and I held back a gasp as a surge of energy blasted through me. He grunted as I slammed him into the wall. "Release me," he warned. The strong smell of multiple cleaning products reached us, and I coughed. Tristan let out a strangled, choking sound before he threw me across the room. "God fucking damn, Davina!" he yelled. "Allia, release me!" A snarl ripped from him, and I jumped out of the way before the door could hit me. He flashed from the room, and I was a step behind him. Sven appeared just as Tristan grabbed his sister and slammed her headfirst into the window. To my surprise, it only shook against the impact. From the kitchen, Davina was muttering, speaking softly to Amaris who was coughing and sneezing. Like vampires, shifters also had heightened senses, even for a half-breed such as Amaris. According to Sven, the little girl was half wolf and half witch. She got all the awesome abilities from her shifter side while her magic was on the misfiring side, more so than not. Without the help of Davina and Skyler to rid Trynnadon of demon blood, she could have just as easily exploded his brain or turn everyone around her into ducks. I held back a laugh at the image my mind conjured up and pulled out my deadly silver blade, flicking it open. "Release me, sister," Tristan hissed. "Or I'll make you." Allia glared at him and let out a sigh. A moment later, he was gone, leaving her blinking, rubbing the back of her head, and straightening her shirt.
"Blocked him from teleporting, did you?" I drawled.
She shrugged. "I couldn't have him leaving the room while the spell was active now, can I?"
"I suppose not," I said with a sigh. "But I could have really used your help with subduing him."
"You did fine on your own."
I scowled at her. "I would not consider being mind-whipped as fine." I rubbed my own head, still feeling the mental pain beating at me. Sven's cold hand wrapped around mine, and he pulled the blade from my loose grip, flicking it close and sliding the safety back in place. He dropped it into my pocket and looked past me.
"How is he?" he asked someone I couldn't see.
"Tryn will be fine," Ari said as I turned. She cleared her throat and looked around. "He's going through Tristan's mini blood bank like there's no tomorrow."
"Well, that will definitely annoy him to no ends."
"Yes, and I have to be the one dealing with him."
Sven smirked. "I'm glad that I am not you."
"Speaking of, where is he?"
I shrugged. "He probably took a header into the Arctic Ocean."
Sven sighed. "Why must you be so cruel?" he asked, and I let him pull me into his arms. Of course, he nuzzled my neck and inhaled deeply.
"For the last time," I said, grumbling. "I feel fine." I tried to pull away, but he tightened his hold on me. Suddenly, he stiffened, and I cursed as my entire body prickled with alarm. Allia, still standing by the window, let out a groan.
"Tristan," she snapped. "You really need to stop jumping bodies without permission."
"Where is the fun in that?" Sven? Tristan drawled. She opened her mouth to snap at him again, but she paused at my sudden intake of breath as fangs pierced the side of my neck. Sven pulled back, and I glared at him, rubbing my burning and hot-to-the-touch bite wound. His eyes went distant and thoughtful as he swirled my blood around in his mouth. Nodding to himself, he swallowed. A second later, he blinked, and I grabbed onto him as he staggered and caught his balance. "I am going to kill him," he growled. "One of these days."
Allia sighed. "Allow me to do the honor," she said dryly. I heard the sound of a throat being cleared, and I turned to find Davina standing in the archway between kitchen and living room.
"Do you by any chance have food around here?" she asked Ari, who frowned in thought.
"Um?"
"I saw leftovers in the refrigerator," said Sven. "I didn't check what it was. From the smell of it, I'm guessing it's some kind of steak." Standing silent beside Davina, Amaris's eyes lit up.
"I don't?" Davina scowled.
"It's Skyler's. I don't think she will mind."
"Are you sure?"
"Very," said Ari. "Go ahead and eat whatever you find here, Amaris." The girl nodded, blushing crimson and tugging on Davina's hand until the witch relented, following her back into the kitchen.
"Well," Sven said, chuckling. "I sometimes forget other people need food and not blood to sustain them."
"Tell me about it," Allia muttered. "Now if you don't mind, I'm going after my brother before he tears up half the city." Sven groaned, and the air crackled like he was going into hunter mode. Allia laughed, giving him a respectful nod before teleporting. I dropped my hand from him before it could go numb. Rubbing my hand against my pant leg, I dropped onto the table, stiffening when it creaked under my weight. Sven glanced down at me and held out his hand. When I didn't take it, he grumbled something unintelligible and looked to Ari who folded her arms and stared back at him.
"I hate you both," he muttered and pulled me up and against him before I could break the table.
"I know you hate us?" Ari started, but paused as Sven kissed me. "Uh huh," she drawled. "Hate us, riiiight." I wanted to laugh and moan in pleasure at the same time, but instead, I took in a deep breath and kissed him back. After a moment, I began to feel hot? in a good way. Sven growled low in his throat as he sensed my arousal. Ari coughed and cleared her throat loudly. Out the corner of my eye, I saw her pointing. Sven pulled back and glanced at her. She grinned, still pointing.
"Oh," Sven said and cleared his throat. "Excuse us, then. Before shit blows, I like to spend some alone time with my mate," he finished, and everything went dark. Take your time, Ari drawled into our minds. I am off to find Tristan. This time, I was the one grinning, while Sven had a horrified look on his face. Ari burst out laughing, and her laugh still rang in my mind after she left. "I have no idea how she does it," Sven muttered. "He's going to kill her one day."
I laughed. "Well, good thing she likes it rough."
He pulled away from me, grimacing. "Okay," he said with a heavy sigh. "Can we not talk about-" He sucked in a sharp breath, letting out a groan as I reached out and cupped him.
"What were you saying?" I asked sweetly as he once again grew thick and hard.
"My sire's sex life?" he finished with another groan as I stroked him.
"Sorry," I said, smirking. "I swear I won't bring it up again." I glanced around and realized that we were in one of Tristan's many guest rooms. Sven's cool hand locked around my wrist, his breathing hard. I hooked my finger around the zipper of his pants and his fingers tightened around my wrist. He pulled himself from my wandering fingers, and a split second later, I shivered as the chill of the room hit me. I blinked, staring at him, now naked in front of me. Glancing down at myself, I got my answer to the sudden chill that came over me. He released my wrist and backed me up, until my ass hit the bed that was behind me.
"You know," he growled in my ear. "As much as I love to believe you, I don't."
"That hurt," I said, pouting.
He tilted my head back slightly and smirked. "Does it?" he asked as his mouth fell on mine. His tongue easily slipped in, and I sighed as the heat between us quickly built. He leaned me back, until I was flat on the bed. I put my arms around him, bringing him down with me. His mouth left mine, trailing down to my neck as one of his hand went to my core. I let out a gasp as he prodded a finger at my opening.
"No teasing," I complained, and then moan as he rubbed my clit with his thumb while nibbling my neck.
"Teasing is the best part," he growled, and I silently cursed as he removed his hand. "The waiting is worth it." Chuckling, he moved lower to my breasts and flicked his tongue at a nipple before closing his mouth over it. I groaned and moaned as he suckled it before switching to the other breast. His hand once again found my core, and this time I let out a long moan as he slipped a finger inside, moving in and out. Another finger joined the first one, and I squirmed, gasping as he pressed down on my clit with his thumb, alternating between that and rubbing it. The pleasure built until I couldn't take it. I thrashed under him, and he growled, his fingers moving faster and faster in and out of me. Just as I was about to go over, he suddenly stopped, his mouth making a popping sound as he released my nipple. He pulled his fingers out, and I seriously wanted to cry and slap him. He moved back up and kissed me hard. "Now that is not nice," he purred, and I wrapped my legs around him, drawing him closer. We both groaned as his hot, hard length found my entrance. I nibbled his neck, and he let out a low growl. I arched, trying to get him inside me. Sven growled and held me still. I growled right back at him, and his mouth once again fell on mine. He swept his tongue inside, turning my growl into a groan. His tongue wrestled with mine for dominancy, kissing me hotly, fiercely. He pulled back and lifting me slightly, he plunged himself inside me. We both let out a long groan as he slowly withdrew only to thrust back into me, going deeper. I held on to him, digging my fingers into his back. I felt his breath on my neck as he continued to move in and out of me. My pleasure built until I couldn't focus on anything but the feel of Sven inside me.
"Bite me," I gasped, barely able to get the words out. His low growls turned into a snarl as his fangs sank into my neck. I cried out, tightening around him as I came. Without thinking, I buried my own fangs into his shoulder. He let out a guttural sound and thrust into me one last time, burying himself in deep as his hot seed spilled inside me. I arched, feeling him still thick and hard. He withdrew his fangs from my neck and licked slowly at the bite wound. I took one last pull of his blood and withdrew my fangs, licking at the two punctured holes. I let my head fall back onto the bed, panting. Still inside me, Sven rolled until I was on top of him. His arms came around me, and I rested my head on his shoulder, both of us still breathing hard from the fun? exertion we just had. "You think we can go for round two?" I asked and laughed as he twitched inside me.
"I would love to," he rasped. "But if I don't answer Jordana, she might break something I value."
I blinked, sitting up and forcing him to drop his arms from around me. "Please tell me she wasn't in your head. She is practically our daughter."
"Oh, no," he said, clearing his throat. "I wouldn't allow that." He chuckled. "I've just been ignoring her insistent knocking on my mental door while we were? engaged in each other." I smirked and made a move to get off him, but his hands stopped me. "Please don't move," he said, almost begging. I stilled, as hot pleasure coursed through me. He was fully erect and ready to pounce. His ragged breathing slowly returned to normal along with his erection, though not completely. He nodded, and I reluctantly got off of him. We could stay like this forever, and I'd be contented. But no, reality just had to crash down around us. If I didn't know better, I'd think Sven was pouting. "You know, sweetheart, you're not helping in the slightest," Sven groaned as he once again, swelled to full arousal under my stare. He let out a stream of profanities as I wrapped my hands around his hard length. "Liana," he growled in warning.
"Yes?" I asked innocently as I slid my hands up and down his length. I stroked the tip and smirked as pre-cum made its appearance.
"Stop," he groaned. That groan turned into a growl, and then a snarl as I continued to work him. I glanced up at him, in time to see his eyes flashing from black to white in rapid succession.
"I do like it when-" I didn't even get a chance to finish my damn sentence. One second I was stroking and squeezing him, and the next, my face was being pressed down into the mattress. Above me, I could hear Sven's harsh breathing. Out of all the days of the week, today I just had to bring his beast to the surface. Then again, we hadn't had alone time since the demons first made an appearance like two, three weeks ago. I tried to move, but a cool hand came down on my back. Sven let out what sounded like a half growl and half snarl, and I stiffened as he moved my hair to expose my neck. He let out a grunt, and I yelped as his fangs drove into the side of my neck. Then my world exploded into nothing but pleasure. My head spun, and I screamed as my mate took me from behind. My own scream of pleasure and Sven's snarls filled my ears as he pounded into me, in time with the hard pull at my neck. My vision dimmed, and I grabbed his arm and buried my fangs into his wrist. It was either that, or bringing the house down with my shrieking. I didn't think the soundproofing could block out that much noise. Sven let out a scream, burying himself deep as his hot release exploded into me. I squeezed my eyes shut as I came along with him. The orgasm lasted another few long seconds before Sven could withdraw his fangs and close the wound. He slid out of me, his arm remaining where it was since I still had my fangs in his wrist. I collapsed and groaned as blood spilled out of my mouth. Mentally cursing, I pulled back and rolled off the bed onto the floor. "Oh man," I said with a heavy sigh. "Tristan is going to kick our asses."
Sven's hand reached down and pulled me to my feet, leading me into the bathroom. "I'll take full responsibility." He coughed and cleared his throat, grimacing at himself in the mirror. "Get cleaned up, I'll grab us some blood." I eyed him, and he smirked. "I'd like to join you, but at the rate we are going, we're never going to leave this room." I chuckled and kissed him. He broke the kiss a few seconds later and glared at me. Shaking my head, I shoved him out the door, and then jumped into the shower.
An hour later or so, the bathroom door opened, and Sven stepped inside, my clothes and weapons in his arms. Glancing at me, he set everything on the toilet lid and leaned against the sink counter. "Are you going to stay in here for the rest of the night?" he asked, his eyes zeroing on my breasts.
"I quite like it in here," I said and shut off the cold water. I stepped out and wrapped a towel around myself, smiling as Sven grumbled under his breath. He picked up my weapons as I reached for my clothes and quickly dressed. "Did you go see Jordana?"
"I did."
I smirked, holding out my hands for the weapons. "How was it?"
Handing them over, he straightened and shrugged. "As always, she tried her hardest to kill me." With a hand on my shoulder, he led me from the bathroom, back into the bedroom, and out into the hall. I finished strapping on my weapons as I scowled. Sven's hand tightened on my shoulder, and I let out a sigh. Lorena rounded a corner, and we came to a stop. She halted, giving us a knowing smile.
"Do I need to clean up?" she asked sweetly.
I arched an eyebrow at her. "How long have you been here?"
She shrugged. "Long before you two were done," she drawled.
I huffed. "And I'm surprise you didn't bother us."
Her eyes narrowed, and she jabbed a finger into my chest. "Are you still in bliss land?" she asked, exasperated. Sven chuckled, and I elbowed him. "All the rooms in this entire house may be fully soundproof, but my nose works just fine. You guys must've gone at each other super hot and heavy if I can smell it the moment I stepped through the front door." My cheeks heated, and I didn't have to look in the mirror to know that I was blushing. Sven only chuckled some more. "So," she continued with one hand on her hip. "Do I need to change bed sheets or anything before they return?"
"No need," Sven said, dropping his hand from me and still laughing. "I already dropped them into the washer." He glared at me.
"What?" I asked, crossing my arms.
"Next time swallow."
"Well, I would have, but I was too busy screaming."
Lorena shook her head, a finger in each ear. "No details," she said loudly. "I don't want any details."
"Well, he-" In a blur, she was beside me and had a hand clamped over my mouth before I could finish the sentence.
"Not another word or I swear I will stab you. You know I will."
"Stab her, and I'll stab you," Sven said, taking a deep breath and holding back a smirk. Lorena dropped her hand, and I shook my head at them.
"So violent," I muttered.
"Yes," she said slowly, softly. "It runs in the family. Don't you agree?"
I grinned evilly, pulling Sven to me and wrapping my arms around him. "I have no idea what you are talking about."
Sven held me tight against him and chuckled. "Some are just better at hiding it."
"That?" Lorena whispered. "I agree with."


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

ARI

I let out a long sigh, my head on Tristan's chest. In my pocket, my phone vibrated, and I groaned. I snuggled closer to him, his arms tightening around me. We were fully dressed and had remained in each other's arms for the past five minutes and counting. My phone vibrated again, and I cursed, pulling away from him and straightening. He remained silent as I pulled it out and answered it. "Stanton here."
"I'm at a warehouse with over a dozen rogues," Viviana whispered, so soft I had to strain to hear. Tristan straightened from the tree he was leaning against and went on high alert. Holy shit, he fucking heard that? One of these days, I was going to have a long, long talk about the Tronis's line. Hell, Viviana wasn't only whispering, I also had my phone on the lowest volume possible without muting the sound altogether.
"You do realize that you can contact me telepathically, right?" I asked slowly.
"There are a few witches here, and their hands are glowing. They might have a spell to? I don't know. Sense vampire powers?"
I smirked, as Tristan let out a sigh and bashed his head into the tree. "Okay," I said with a heavy sigh. "Next time we meet, I'm going to give you a fledgling handbook. We'll also talk about witches, demons, and shifters. How does that sound?"
"Wait, there's a vampire handbook?"
I shrugged, though she couldn't see it. "Manual? Guide? Whatever you want to call it." Wiping the blood from his head wound, Tristan glared at me.
"Back on topic, what are the rogues planning?"
"A massive slaughter in about an hour. Since the demons are out and keeping you guys busy, they're going on a hunting spree." Her breath caught in her throat as she picked up Tristan's low, deadly growls. I shuddered as chills skittered down my spine, my skin suddenly feeling too tight and tingling as his aura wrapped around me, but I didn't move away from him. Fangs bared, Tristan closed in on me, and it took all I had not to turn and run.
"We'll be there in a second," I said and hung up. Slipping the phone into my pocket, I braced myself a split second before Tristan enfolded me in his arms. A gasp escaped me as it felt like pin needles erupting all over, only a hundred times worse. He let out a snarl and took in several deep breaths. I put my hand on his arm as he gathered himself. A moment later, I could feel nothing from him as my breathing returned to normal. The feeling of cold darkness settled around us, a heartbeat before he teleported.
We appeared beside one of the crouching witches, and before she could turn and blast us, Tristan's hand shot out to wrap around her neck, snapping it. She hit the ground, the white glow vanishing from her hands like blowing out a candle. I pulled away from him and teleported behind another witch. Tristan flashed to the last witch, and she let out a gasp of pain as he buried his fangs into the side of her neck from behind. My witch spun around, and my hand was a blur as I punched her in the throat, not hard enough to snap her neck, but enough to cause her to choke on the spell she was about to spew from her mouth. The light in her hands vanished as she stumbled backward, trying to get much needed air to her lungs. Her eyes widened in surprise as she saw me. Reaching out, I jerked her to me and spun her around. Holding her against me and wrapping my arm around her neck, I pushed her head down, constricting her airway even more. After a moment of her clawing at my arm and struggling, she went limp. I released her as Tristan walked over to me, his eyes still glazed over from the high of witch blood. Shuddering, he stopped beside me and caught the witch before she could hit the cold ground. "No biting. You had your fill." I said and snorted. Right, he was never sated, no matter what blood he gorged on. He didn't say anything as his power brushed up against me. After a long tense silence, he growled and bit her. Shaking my head, I turned and inhaled deeply. Viviana was right; there were over a dozen rogues here-the stink of them clogging the back of my throat. Viviana herself stood leaning against the side of the building, her eyes not missing anything. I walked over, smirking when she cringed at the sight of Tristan draining a witch.
"Is one witch enough?" she whispered, shuddering.
"If you're Tristan, one is never enough," I said dryly. "Now, what do you have for me?"
"I smell twenty rogues inside. They're all vampires, and I also smell old blood and death."
"Any humans?"
She hesitated before nodding. "I think I also detected a few shifters and a few more witches. I only smell strong fear from the humans though." I nodded and took her by the shoulder, leading her to where Tristan was standing with a fireball in his hand.
"I truly do not mind being the topic of the night," he growled and tossed the ball of flame onto the bodies.
"Can you shoot laser beams from your eyes too?" Viviana asked in interest.
Tristan slowly turned and stared down at her. After a long minute, Viviana shifted nervously as the silence stretched. "I don't need to."
"That doesn't answer my question," she said and grumbled under her breath.
"Then perhaps stick around and you'll find out."
"No," she squeaked. "That's okay." I tapped a finger on his arm when he continued to stare at her. With a sigh, he turned to me. With a hand on my lower back, he gently prodded me forward. Viviana fell in step beside us as we walked to the entrance of the building. We came to a stop in front of the door, and I looked back to find Tristan scowling. With another sigh, he teleported several blocks from the warehouse, taking us with him. The air crackled, and Tavia followed by Davina with Amaris clinging to her arm appeared out of thin air.
"Are you okay?" I asked, turning to him. He grunted as Amaris released Davina and landed lightly on her feet. The little werepup looked around in interest, a squeak escaping her as an imp suddenly came into view, and he wasn't alone. Tristan let out a feral snarl, grabbing me before I could launch myself at them. A second later, Sven, Liana, Brynna, Jesric, Jude, and Cole appeared between us and the advancing demons.
"Fiends," Brynna hissed. "My favorite." Viviana, gasping for air, stepped closer to me, her eyes not leaving the demons. Simultaneously, the six hunters unsheathed not blades, but swords, and lunged.
"Why can't we join them?" I asked, pouting. In answer, he teleported back to the warehouse. With no warning, Davina blasted the door off its hinges.
"Stand guard, Amaris," the witch ordered and stepped inside after Tavia, who shifted into a huge black panther. I didn't have to look behind me to know that Tristan was gone. From the screams that followed a few seconds later was answer enough. Amaris shifted and disappeared from sight-one of her paws in the air-her claws stabbing into a rogue that came out of nowhere. The rogue screamed as blood flew from his leg as she yanked. I silently cheered before lunging for him and tackling him.
"Planning a little killing spree are you," I growled as Tavia pounced on another rogue. A fireball flew over my head, and I grimaced. If the witch so much as singes me, I was going to eat her. I unsheathed a blade and twirled it between my fingers before plunging it into the rogue's throat, cutting off his snarls. Punching my hand through his chest, I wrapped my fingers around his heart and ripped it out. Dropping the bloody organ and pulling out my blade, I stood, and then gasp as my head exploded in pain. My weapon hit the floor with a clang as I doubled over. Another wave of pain slammed into me-causing the floor to rush up to meet me. All around, I could feel magic. My vision narrowed to pinpricks as my stomach churned. Everything sounded so far away as blood poured from my mouth and onto the floor. I could barely hear Amaris's howl as more pain crashed into me, as if determine to pop my head like a balloon. I couldn't even make a sound as someone got the bright idea to stab me while I was down. Blackness closed around me as I silently shrieked in agony. I thought I felt the building shaking before darkness blissfully took me over.
When I came around, the first thing I noticed was me drooling, and my stomach feeling like someone sucker punched it with everything they've got. I opened my eyes to darkness and swallowed, groaning as my hunger clawed at me. The pain in my head was gone, and I slowly sat up. I froze, as the unmistakable sound of chains scraping floor met my ears. "Ari?" Skyler asked from the other side of the barely closed door. "Are you awake?"
"Why am I in chains?" I asked slowly and looked around. I wasn't surprised to find that I was in a holding room. If anything, the chains gave it away. The floor, walls, and ceiling were made out of reinforced steel and concrete. The door itself was also reinforced and so heavy that it took more than one vampire or magic to move it. Even using magic was risky since the witch suffered a massive nosebleed for his or her effort.
"Well," Skyler said, hesitating. "When Tristan brought you back, you were doing your best to tear his head off, and? your eyes were white."
"Shit," I groaned, and then grunted as I jerked against my chains. "Are you okay?" I asked.
"I'm okay."
"Why don't I believe you?" I asked as Tristan appeared in the middle of the room. "Get in here." I winced as Skyler slammed into the door, grunting as she tried to get it to open wider. Glancing at the door, Tristan came over and hauled me to my feet. "Open the door for her," I said to him and scowled.
"About time," she muttered and stopped slamming at the door. A second later, it flew open wider and crashed into the wall. Skyler stepped inside, and I held my hand out to her. She flashed over to me and took it hesitantly. "Are you sure you're okay?" I asked and looked her up and down. "You need more blood," I muttered, staring into her eyes. Tristan grunted as I elbowed him hard in the side. "Did you even feed her?"
"I did," he said defensively.
Skyler smirked. "Only enough to heal my brain."
I blinked. "Fuck," I said with a heavy sigh. The chains rattled as Tristan unlocked them, letting them hit the floor. I looked down and realized that these weren't the special venom-coated kind.
"There was no need to hurt you more than necessary," he said softly, following my gaze and glaring.
"But are you okay?" Skyler asked, resting a cold hand on my arm.
I smiled and pulled her to me. She grunted as I squeezed the living daylight out of her. "I am," I said. "Just a little hungry." Tristan's arms came around us both as he let out a long sigh.
"There's nothing wrong with giving hugs," Skyler said and laughed, pulling away from me. She looked to him, and then stared pointedly at his arm. I turned and smirked at him. He scowled at me. I put my hand on the side of his neck and rubbed his pulse with my thumb.
"Feed her, please?" I leaned in. "Your five-thousand-year-old blood does wonders," I whispered in his ear, low enough that Skyler couldn't hear me. "If you know what I mean." His arms tightened around me, and I smirked as I felt his erection suddenly pressing into my lower stomach.
"Ahem," Skyler said loudly. Tristan chuckled and released me. I stepped away as he pulled my child to him. "I didn't have to hear whatever you said, you know."
"Don't you just love having heightened senses?" I asked. "Comes in handy."
"Stop," she groaned.
I laughed, reaching out and ruffling her hair. "Okay, I will. Now feed." She nodded, taking hold of Tristan's wrist he offered to her. Baring her sharp fangs, she glared at me before clamping her mouth on his wrist. He winced and glowered down at her as she let out a sigh and pulled harder-her throat working as she swallowed.
"Enough," Tristan said through gritted teeth a long minute later. Skyler let out an aggravated sound and kept on drinking. "Skyler," he warned. She said something, but it came out as gibberish. "Enough," he said, more firmly. With a growl, she jerked her head back, tearing his wrist open even more. My hand shot out and grabbed his arm, bringing his still bleeding wrist to my mouth. He eyed me suspiciously as I licked slowly at it. Bite him, Skyler said into my mind. I smirked and let him pull away.
"I heard that," he growled.
"Damn," she grumbled.
Tristan pointed to the opened doorway, and she scowled at him. "Hunt," he said dryly. Her eyes clouded with hunger, and in response, my stomach reminded me that I, too, had to feed. Kira chose that moment to pop in with Corinne. They looked around the room before their gazes landed on me.
"Ari!" Kira exclaimed and flashed in front of me. "Are you okay?" she asked, and then let out a squeak as Tristan glared down at her. "I didn't fight them, I swear," she spluttered. I arched an eyebrow in question at the sudden change of subject.
"There are demons everywhere," Corinne said, groaning. "How the humans remain clueless I will never know," she continued, muttering under her breath.
"Yes, Kira," I said, finally answering her. "I am okay." All hunters to Lamson Creek, Tristan mentally growled. Now.
"No," he snarled a second later as excitement entered Kira's eyes. "You have a death wish, girl."
"What about me?" Corinne asked.
"No," he said, growling. "What part of no do you girls not understand? I specifically said hunters, not fledglings."
"But," Kira said, pouting.
"Kira," I said sharply, as Tristan's power whipped around the room. "If you want to remain breathing for the next one thousand years, I suggest that you for once, listen to your sire, and Skyler, don't you dare even think about it."
"I wasn't thinking about anything," she mumbled. I glared at her. She sighed. "Okay, maybe I'm thinking about it, but I'm not going to act on it."
"Good," I said. "If I so much as smell a hint of demon on you, I will be extremely pissed off." I walked to the door and stepped through it.
"You think they're going to listen and stay put?" Jesric pealed himself from the wall and fell in step beside me as I took the stairs that led up from the basement.
"You were listening this whole time," I stated wearily as I pushed open the heavy steel door.
"I was."
"If you were, why didn't you help Skyler with the door?"
"It was more amusing to watch her struggle to open it."
I grunted, stepping into the kitchen and straight for the refrigerator. "Would you like one?" I asked, opening it and retrieving a blood bag. Jesric leaned against the counter and shrugged. Retrieving a second bag, I tossed it to him as I sank my fangs into mine.
"Did not know you liked it cold," he drawled.
I shrugged, grimacing, as I quickly drained it. "I don't," I said and shuddered.
"Hmm." Jesric straightened and walked over to the microwave, popping the bag in and warming it up. I dropped my empty bag into the trash, and then coughed as the strong smell of sulfur filled my nose and mouth.
"A little warning?" I choked as Sathia appeared in the kitchen. She was in her human form-tall, creamy skin, black hair, glowing green eyes and all, but she might as well have stepped out of a lake full of sulfur.
"Forgive me," she said sweetly, though her eyes told a different story. They had a gleam to them that sent chills down my spine.
"Did Jailyn send you?"
"Now why would you assume such a thing?" I shrugged, and then let out a gasp as claws extended from her fingers. Tristan, who came out of nowhere, snarled in pain as the demon stabbed a claw behind her and all the way through his palm. It would've gone through one of his eyes if he hadn't moved fast enough. The hot flare of pain in my own hand was brief before he blocked me, but it still throbbed and pulse, as if she stabbed me instead of him. "I don't like it when I'm being sneaked up on," the demon drawled.
Tristan glared at her, trying to breathe through the pain and failing as he broke out in sweat. "I wasn't sneaking," he hissed and bared his fangs at her.
"I consider it sneaking when people silently appear behind me."
"No shit," I muttered. We all stared at his hand where Sathia's claw still was, and it was slowly bleeding? black blood. "The fuck?" I spluttered.
"It's acid," Jesric said as we walked over to them.
"Why didn't you dodge me, vampire?" Sathia asked and smirked.
"You tell me," Tristan snarled.
"Too focused on not getting your eyes gouged out instead of evading completely?" She chuckled, and without any warning, she yanked her claw from his hand. He let out a stream of nonsensical words, gasping through it all.
"Why?" he snarled. "Why is it always me?"
"Because," Sathia said, retracting her claws. "It's fun messing with the strongest vampire in existence. I, however, strongly recommend not going up against Jailyn."
"Good to know," he said and groaned as the red bled from his eyes.
"I suggest you bleed into a plastic something, or you'll soon have a hole in your floor and whatever else is below that." She looked around the kitchen before stopping on me. "And as to why I'm here, hellhounds are on the loose. I thought you'd like to have a little? fun."


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

VIOLET

"So," Ketra hissed excitedly into my ear. "What's it going to be? Learn how to control those stinking dogs? Or kill first then turn them into puppets? Oh, wait, I think I like turning them into puppets better when they're alive. Just look at them. They're so cute. Whose side do you think they're on? What do you think? Do you think they'll be good-?"
"Ketra," I said through gritted teeth. "Shut. Up."
"Oh, hey look, here come the vampires. Do you think I can kill one of them? Oh, that one looks about ready to cabob a demon-"
"You stupid imp!" I hissed and slapped her. "I will cabob you myself if you don't shut up this instant! Honestly, were you imps created just to annoy me and me only?"
"Well-" She let out a squeal of pain as I grabbed hold of her tail and squeezed it hard. Her claws dug into my upper arm and shoulder as she continued her squealing. "My tail, let go of my tail!" I winced as she dug her claws in deeper and broke the skin. "Hellhounds," she squealed.
I released her tail and looked around. "Where?"
"On their way. I can feel them."
"If you're shitting with me, I will stick you, roast you over an open fire and feed you to my python."
"No need. Oooo, you have a snake?" I sighed and wonder if Jesric would forgive me if I accidentally killed one of his imps. Incoming, Lorena hissed into my mind. I nodded and pried Ketra's claws from my arm, setting her on the ground.
"Don't leave without telling me," I growled to the imp. "Clear?"
"Crystal clear, Ketra squeaked and scuttled away before I could get out another word. "Fucking imps," I muttered.
"They are like spoiled five-year-olds," a female voice hissed from behind me. Stiffening, I turned and almost let out a gasp at the demon in front of me. She flipped something into the air just as my instinct to kill took over. Forcing myself not to lunge for her, I instead caught what looked like a half dollar sized silver coin from the air. Blinking, I looked down at it in confusion. On the surface was a hand holding a bloody heart, and around the edge of the coin were runes. Relaxing slightly, I frowned at them, trying to remember what they were used for. I flipped it over and stared at the numbers 1010-1-1001-1100-11001-1110. "Do you recognize it?" the demon growled. I nodded and held out the coin to her. She took it and gave me a questioning look.
"Jailyn?"
She nodded. "And those runes are summoning runes."
"Ah," I said, light bulb going off in my mind. "I remember now."
"Sathia and you are?"
"Violet," I said and stared at her claws. Sathia nodded, her wings shifting behind her. Her scales were black, and her green eyes glowed like a dimmed nightlight. The tips of the horns glistened, as if coated with venom. They probably were.
"You are new to necromancy, are you not?"
I grimaced. "Well, not really, but I'm starting to get into the more fun stuff."
She chuckled. "Jailyn knows what she is doing. Listen to her."
I nodded. "Always do."
She grunted and nodded off to my left. "Your family awaits you."
"Where will you be?"
"I'll be around. Just don't attack if you see me." She inclined her head and vanished into the shadows.
"Well then," I muttered and turned to face the icy creek. Sighing, I walked alongside it, until I spotted Brynna up ahead. I flashed over to her, in time to get an up-close look at a hellhound being impaled through the head. While Sathia and I were chatting, things were going on around us, like the fact she, Cole, and Lorena were being surrounded by demons.
"About time you joined us," Cole drawled, kicking a snarling black-furred, glowing red-eyed hellhound away from him.
I snorted, unsheathing my blade and flipping it into the air. It flipped end-over-end and into another hellhound's rear flank. "As you can see, I was busy talking to a demon."
"Speaking of our friendly demon, where is she?"
I shrugged, and then ducked as another hellhound came at me. "Around. Her word, not mine." Spinning, I lunged for the spitting hound. Unsheathing another blade, I stabbed it into its side. I cursed as claws slashed open my arm from shoulder to elbow. Hissing in pain, I leaned away from its snapping jaws of death. In the process of doing so, I fell sideways and landed hard on my other arm.
"Hey!" Cole snarled. "Come and have a go at me why don't you, you disgusting mutt." Still clutching at my weapon, I flashed to my feet and stabbed it into its belly, slashing it upward. It howled in pain, and I groaned as it raked its claws down my forearm.
"Bitch," I growled and slammed it to the ground. "Fucking. Die!" I snarled and pummeled it, ignoring the burning of my wounds, the fact I wasn't healing fast enough, and demon blood splashing on me. Oh, and I was stilled being clawed at, even as it slowly died. A moment later, I stopped my pummeling and slowly got up, growling.
"Fuuuuck," Brynna groaned. "Fuck," she exclaimed. "Did you have to beat it to death? A blade into the brain does nicely, you know." Twenty feet off to my right, Sathia let out a whistle.
"Angry much?" the demon drawled.
"Yeah," I said, groaning as the burning grew worse. Another hellhound let out a pained howl as Sathia stabbed her poisonous claws into its back. I let out a yelp as something landed on my own back, causing me to fall forward. I barely brought my hands up in time to prevent my face from impacting with the ground. It didn't much matter a second later as my arms gave out, and I let out a pained scream as it-most likely an imp-dug its claws into my shoulders. Snarling, I reached deep inside me and for the icy cold of my magic. Breathing through the agonizing pain, I formed a tendril of shadow and whipped it behind me. From the loud shriek and the loosening of claws, I knew that I'd hit my mark. I let out another scream as more demon blood rained on me. Brynna's enraged scream penetrated my pain-fogged mind as the imp's weight lifted from me. Damn, I silently groaned. That was a total failure.
"Hey," Sathia growled from above me. "Get your vampire ass up. There are five more hellhounds left." In response, I just groaned. Then I felt something poking my ass. "Get up."
"The fuck are you poking me with?" I mumbled.
"The tip of her tail," Cole drawled. "And she is right, get up."
"Yes," Sathia hissed. "Get up or I'm going to poison you some more."
"What?" I shrieked and popped off the ground. Of course, the moment I was upright, I would've fallen on my face again if she hadn't grabbed me.
"Relax," Sathia said as I began to hyperventilate. Can vampires even hyperventilate?
"Sathia," Jailyn growled, and there was no hypnotic pull to her voice this time. It was low and guttural-something I never heard coming from her. I felt an icy blast of death magic, and the remaining two hellhounds literally disintegrated before my eyes. Sathia and I both let out a shudder as she released me. Before I could fall, Jailyn was suddenly there. Her arms came around me, and she let out a hiss as her skin came in contact with the blood.
"You did not leave any of them alive for me," Casiar snarled from behind me.
"I did my best to leave one alive for you," I said sarcastically.
"The rest of you have any open wounds?" Jailyn snapped.
"Just her," said Sathia. I let out a curse as more demons dropped from the sky. These weren't flying hellhounds; they looked like flying porcupines, only they were black, had tentacles, and covered with deadly stingers.
"Oh, boy," Lorena said with a heavy sigh. "We're so dead."
"They look adorable," Jordana said happily as she came into sight, almost bouncing.
"Dana!" Brynna yelled. "What are you doing here?"
"Walking," she said and pouted. "I can't go for a walk?" Behind me, my sire let out a vicious curse. "Oh, brilliant," Jordana continued, stopping and looking at me. "She doesn't look good." She turned and peered into the shadows. "Sire," she called. "Porcupines." She practically skipped over to us, her eyes on one of the demons. A moment later, it let out a screeching sound that briefly deafened me. I blinked as its head literally exploded, sending greenish stuff flying into the air. Brynna, who was the closest, let out a shriek and flashed several yards away from it. "Beautiful," Jordana said cheerfully. "Just beautiful."
"Not another step, young one," Jailyn growled to her as she took a step toward it. A second later, Sven, Liana, Cailin, and Allia stepped from the shadows.
"Go on," said Allia. "We will take care of things here." Jailyn nodded. "Take Jordana with you." My entire body was on fire, throbbing and pulsing in time with each beat of my heart. Casiar put a cold hand on my shoulder, and I almost let out a groan at the brief relief that came with the contact. Jailyn's arms tightened around me as everything went dark.

JESRIC

"The Haa'rezins are out," Kaleentha hissed, her long poisonous spiked tail flickering from side to side in agitation. The Haa'rezins were descendant of the Talugas-more dangerous, and they were fast.
"We shall join the others," I said and held out my hand to her. Kaleentha shrugged and put her clawed hand in mine. Everything went briefly dark, and when it lifted, we were surrounded by dog-sized demons with stingers covering their entire bodies. I was a little surprised when they didn't automatically attack us. I nodded to Sathia who stood off to the side, watching as Brynna, Cole, and Lorena spoke softly to each other. "Stay here," I said to my demon. When she nodded, I pulled the shadows to me, vanishing into its depths and shadow walked to Allia. She straightened and turned as she felt the icy brush of magic. I released my hold on the shadows and nodded to the Haa'rezins. "Why are they just standing there?"
Allia shrugged. "No idea." She glared at the demons and let out a sigh. "Violet could use your help."
I stiffened. "Don't tell me," I growled. "She has been poisoned."
She grimaced. "More so than Trynnadon."
I scowled. "The protector?"
"Yes."
I glared at the distant trees and frowned. "I'm leaving my Ahzeeki with you."
She nodded. "Another Ahzeeki will help greatly."
"Where is that damn imp of mine?"
"I do not know." Shaking my head, I teleported back to Kaleentha's side.
"You want me to stay?" she hissed.
"I do."
"Very well, this shall be fun."
"I believe it will be. If another vampire is poisoned, you will tell me immediately, got it?"
She nodded. "I give you my word, but where are you going?"
"I am going to help with Violet." She nodded, and I was gone.
Violet's scream of pain blasted my eardrums as I appeared in the middle of her living room. Following the sound to the bathroom, I stepped inside to find her struggling with Casiar. Apparently, she didn't want him to drain her. Jailyn was saying something I couldn't make out, but it looks as if none of her words were getting through. Casiar grunted as Violet smacked him in the head. It would've been funny if the situation wasn't dire to begin with. "Can I help?" I asked, stopping just inside the door. "Shit," I said as Violet's eyes went white a second later, and they did not revert back to black. With an icy blast of magic, I barely teleported out of the way in time as Violet sent both Casiar and Jailyn flying out of the bathroom to smash through the opposite wall. Screaming on top of her lungs and covered in demon blood, she flashed into the hall and for the nearest exit. Thank the bloody devil that she couldn't teleport. I flashed between her and the window, and she let out a snarl as we impacted in midair. She grunted as I slammed her up against a wall. I jerked back as her fangs came at my throat lightning fast. Casiar appeared beside her, and she let out a shriek. I released her and she hit the floor, clutching her head and writhing. Casiar bent and pulled her to her feet. Holding her tightly against him, he put a finger under her chin, lifting it until her white eyes met his. Jailyn stepped beside me, holding out a dripping white washcloth. With a nod of thanks, I took it from her and wiped the burning blood from my hands, arms, and neck. I'd still need a full shower, but for now, this would have to do. Jailyn unsheathed a blade and sliced through Violet's shirt, pulling it off of her and tossing it onto the coffee table.
"Stop resisting and relax," Casiar said, staring deep into her eyes. Violet quieted down some, her eyes flickering back to black and her shrieks turning into moans of pain.
"Just breathe," Jailyn said soothingly, and I shuddered at the pull of her voice alone. "Do not fight us."
"No," Violet groaned as Jailyn nodded to me. I stepped up behind Violet as both she and Casiar held her still.
"Trust me," I said, reaching out and stroking her cheek. Tossing the bloody cloth onto the coffee table, I unsheathed a blade and pressed it to her throat. "There are no witches available at this moment. This is the fastest way to rid you of poison. Reach for your magic and wrap yourself in the comfort of the cold, sister." Violet took in a gasping breath, and on her exhale, I struck, laying open her throat. She gurgled on her own blood as the air became charged with death magic. Casiar let out a pained cough, rubbing his own neck. I smirked, taking a step back and sheathing my blade. "She is going to kill you both, you know," I said and stared at the pale blue carpet the blood was quickly soaking up like a sponge.
Jailyn shrugged. "I rather save her life over something that can easily be replaced."
I nodded. "You have a point, but don't say I didn't warn you beforehand."
"Got the warning loud and clear," she drawled, staring at the dark, dark blood. My nose burned, and I wanted to drop some demons on their asses. Perhaps my Ahzeeki would do the honor of being first.
"If you're thinking of having a taste, sire, I might have to knock you senseless."
Jailyn scowled. "Are you claiming I have no sense of self-control?"
"I did not say that."
She sighed. "Even if I did, I know better not to." The charge in the air dropped a notch, and Casiar held a torpored Violet against him.
"Shit," he said tightly. "This will be fun," he finished with a heavy sigh and disappeared with her. "Do you need me for something else?" I asked.
Jailyn shook her head. "Go find Ketra before she does something stupid." I nodded before vanishing into thin air.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

ALYSSA

"So," Skyler said, slamming a book containing information on demons down on the desk in my room. "Did you even open this?" I sighed. "This is important shit to know. You know, like life-saving shit?" I shrugged. She tapped the book cover and glared at me. "You're horrible, you know that? You won't even read when it is vital to your health?"
"I despise reading."
"Apparently," she said, thunking the cover with each syllable. She picked up the book and shoved it at me. "Read it," she growled. "You might even find it interesting. It has pictures, lots of them." Sighing, I took the book, and then I let out a little squeak as my world fell out from under me. Clutching the book in one hand, I let out a grunt as my ass painfully hit the hard floor. To add to the mix of it all, the back of my head also met something hard, most likely a wall. I blinked to clear my vision, and a second later, someone's living room came into focus. That someone turned out to be Tristan. He was sitting on the couch, leaned back and looking for all the world relaxed and not surprised by the fact that I appeared in his living room. Now that was scary within itself. I looked around, seeing no one else with him. This was either a good thing or a bad thing. Rubbing the back of my head and resisting the urge to rub my ass, I slowly moved into a proper sitting position. Tristan eyed me hungrily, and I could've sworn he inhaled slightly, taking in my scent. I might be a vampire, but I still was a witch. My scent wasn't just sweet, it was also vampiric. To someone like him, I was probably on his top three favorite vampires to feed on.
"Sometimes," Tristan said tightly. "I wonder why I even bother with the things I do." I just looked at him, confused and hoping he wasn't going to go into kill-you mode. "Such as acquiring books." Oh shit, I thought and glanced down at the book of demons in my hand. "Have you seen the Council's library?"
I blinked. "We have access to it?"
He sat up straighter, and I stiffened. "Yes, you do."
"I do?"
"Your sire has access to the library, so therefore, you do as well." He got to his feet, and I quickly got to mine. "Come with me," he said. Giving me no choice, everything went dark. When it lifted, I gaped and blinked stupidly at the massive amount of books that was all around us. "Some of these go all the way back to ancient times," Tristan said from beside me. "Some of these were hand-written by vampires, shifters, demons, necromancers, and witches." There were no windows in the library, but I didn't need to look outside to know that it was daylight.
"Were you one of the vampires?" I asked, staring at shelves after shelves filled with books and more books. It was a nightmare if anything. Some of the shelves were so tall that they brushed the ceiling. Some of the books were bound shut with twines. Some of them were as thick as an encyclopedia, some were the size of a kid's coloring book, but to me, they all looked torturous to my poor psyche.
"No," he said. "I was too busy trying not to kill things." He put his cold hand on my arm, and everything was a blur as he flashed us to the top floor. Up here, the books were behind lock and key. From the tingle that raced up and down my arms, the cases holding the books were probably warded. "These can only be taken out by me, Davina, Tavia, Dezmordai, or Jailyn." I again glanced at the book of demons. "The one you hold in your hand was taken from the demon floor of the library."
"What floor is that?"
"The sixth floor, two floors below where we're standing."
I inwardly cringed. "How many floors are there?"
"Nine." I shuddered, suddenly feeling claustrophobic. "Reading can be fun, if you make it so." He tapped a finger on my hand holding the book. "I didn't just hand this out for no reason." He turned fully to me. "I heard that you want to study necromancy. Did I hear wrong?" I shrugged. He sighed, turning to one of the cases. Faster than I could blink, he touched a bleeding finger to a symbol of some kind. It flashed a brilliant blue, blinding me. Blinking the spots away, I frowned as he held a thick ass black book in his hands.
"What's that?" I asked warily.
"This, my dear, is a book written by Jailyn."
"Please tell me you're talking about a different Jailyn."
He chuckled and slowly opened the cover. He turned it so that I could see the author's name. I stared at it, still hoping, because the first name was the same, but the last name wasn't. "She didn't use Jailyn Tronis." I grimaced. "She used her birth-given name." He tapped the page before slowly closing it. "Jailyn Mortis and Jailyn Tronis are one and the same." He smirked. "If you want to study necromancy, child, you will have to endure many, many sessions of reading. This tome contains everything on the art of death magic."
"Like what?" I whispered, wanting to know but not wanting him to answer.
He set the book back into its proper place, sealing it with another drop of his blood. "Everything from making a pact with a demon, to soul sucking, to heart snatching, to manipulating the shadows to your will, to raising the dead, and so much more." I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "You will be tested on what you know. It's not read, remember, pass the test, and forget, sweetheart. This is death magic. One wrong word in a spell, one wrong rune in a series of runes, a little slip of the tongue when summoning can be deadly."
"Violet," I muttered. Tristan gave me a questioning look, and I shook my head.
"Do you know how old Violet is?" I shrugged. "She is almost two thousand years old, and she is still learning."
"How long has she been a necromancer?"
"A little over five hundred years." I winced. "Jailyn made a lot of mistakes when she started out, and she came from a line of necromancers who did not know that they'd possess other abilities. Her great, great grandfather feared the dark art, so he blocked his magic and hid the bound parchment of awakening. She stumbled upon it on accident when she was fourteen, and if it wasn't due to sheer luck that she summoned Sathia-an Ahzeeki demon and not say? a Taluga demon, she'd be dead." I shuddered. "That's all I will say on the matter. If you want to know more, sit down with Jailyn, and perhaps she'll enlighten you with stories from her past." I nodded and again looked at the book in my hand. "I suggest you read that."
"I'll try," I mumbled.
"Do I have to make it a law that all fledglings must read and memorize the history of demons, vampires, and all the others?" I took a step back, shaking my head in horror. "Because I will, if you younglings keep this up. Your sires will not always be there when you need them."
"Please don't?" I choked out. He gave me a look that sent chills down my spine. "I'll read it, I swear."
"Will you? I brought you here so that you can have a look around." I nodded. He bared his fangs at me, and I took another step back. "The book you hold in your hand doesn't bite, but I do." He sighed. "I'm going to have either Brynna or Vaelin test you in a few days, and if you don't pass. I am going to use your brain as a flash drive," he warned. "Understand?"
Nodding, I clutched the demon book to my chest. "I understand," I said, and I did. If I didn't pass the test, he was going to give me a massive migraine loaded with contents from the book.
"Good."
"Did Skyler report me to you?"
"No," he said in amusement. "She told her sire."
I blinked. "Oh," I muttered. "Damn."
"She was complaining about the fact that you had this book sitting around for three weeks, and you have not touched it."
"You were in my head?"
"I was in Skyler's. Now, tell me something," he said and put a hand on my shoulder. Everything once again went dark, and I found myself back in my apartment. "How is your baby sister? How are her studies coming along? For that matter, how is yours?"
I grimaced, setting the book down on the coffee table. "Jane is loving the fact that she could do magic. Davina won't let me get into more fun stuff until I master my ice."
"And how is that coming along?"
"She says I need a little more practice before I can move on to something like fire."
He nodded. "Keep an eye on the rest of your siblings," he warned. "Just because they show no sign of magic, it does not mean they don't have the ability."
I nodded. "Do you know which one of my siblings??" I hesitated, glancing away from him.
"Has magic?" he finished softly. I nodded. "I do."
I stiffened. "Who, and how do you know?"
"I've been watching out for your family for a while now."
I blinked. "You're still doing that?"
"Sweetheart," he said dryly. "You come from a line of witches, what do you think? If I think someone is close to activating their magic, I report that someone to Davina. Same for her, if she suspects a new vampire is running around or witnesses a turning, she reports said vampire to the Vampiric Council or the hunters."
"Oh," I said slowly and nodded.
"And to answer your first question?" He paused, scowling.
"Who?" I asked again and shifted nervously.
He let out a heavy sigh. "Lily."
"Do you know what magic she has?"
"No." I grumbled, but nodded.
He stepped toward the door and paused, glancing back at me. "If you find Davina paying her a visit, don't kill her."
I snorted. "She'll more likely kill me instead of the other way around."
His eyes narrowed in warning. "Don't underestimate your strengths, child. You can snap her neck before you knew what even happened." My front door opened on its own, and giving me one last hard look, he vanished from my sight.

KIRA

"Jordana?" I asked carefully. I was always nervous around her, especially when she got that faraway look in her eyes. I stepped through her front door and closed it softly behind me. Jordana had a painting brush in her hand, a water bowl on one side and a painting set on the other. "Jordana?" I repeated, moving slowly toward her, less she decided to throw that bowl of water at me. She didn't look up from whatever she was painting, and I took a chance, going right up to her. I tapped her on the shoulder, and when she still remained silent, I glanced at the canvas. I let out a squeak at the nightmarish scene before me. Against a dark fiery background were bloody corpses along with body parts. If I wasn't mistaken, there were also lit candles, lots of them. Shaking my head, I reached out and took the brush from her hand, and then let out a pained gasp as she sank her fangs into my forearm. I smacked the back of her head, but she only bit me harder and emitted a low growl. I let the brush fall onto the easel and tried to disengage her fangs from me with no use. She held on like a dog, and her growls turned into a snarl. Not good, I silently thought, contemplating on just ripping my arm from her and tearing the bite wound even more in the process. I heard the front door opening and closing, and a moment later, Liana appeared in the living room archway. Like usual, she was covered in blood. I sniffed the air and nodded when I didn't smell demon on her. She probably just got back from her multiple daily rounds of rogue hunting spree.
"Need help?" she asked and walked over. "Jordana!" she said sharply. "Enough!" Jordana growled, shaking her head and? biting me harder. If she bit me any harder, Tristan was going to pop in and see what the hell was going on. Liana's hand was a blur, popping Jordana on the head hard enough that she yelped and released me, moaning and choking. "Hurts, doesn't it?" she asked, and I knew she wasn't talking about the smack she just gave her child. Jordana nodded and bared her fangs. "Do you remember why it hurt when you bite Kira?" She nodded, jumping up from her chair and walking into the kitchen. I heard the opening of the refrigerator, and then the sound of a plastic water bottle being uncapped.
"Did my blood burn her?" I asked, frowning.
"Yes, it did." From the kitchen, Jordana let out a heavy, relieved sigh. She reappeared in the living room and made her way back to her painting. "What are you drawing?" Liana asked, looking at the canvas. "This is a new one," she said and glanced at Jordana who still hadn't said a thing since I got here. Scowling, I went into the kitchen she just vacated and grabbed a paper towel. Turning on the sink, I drenched it in water and wiped off the dried blood from my arm. Tossing the bloody thing into the trash, I turned to find Jailyn studying me intently.
"What?" I asked, walking over to her. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Like what?" she asked, and I inwardly shivered, blinking rapidly. I was never going to get use to her strange hypnotic voice, and I wondered how the others got over it.
"Like I've done something wrong or about to."
She smirked. "You're known as a troublemaker. Can you blame me?"
"What?" I spluttered. "I am not?" I continue to splutter as she walked into the living room with me stomping along after her.
"Dana," Jailyn said gently, pulling Jordana's hand from the bowl of water that went from murky to a complete red. "Dana," Jailyn repeated, putting a finger under her chin and tilting her head back slightly, until her unfocused eyes met the necromancer's unblinking ones. "Come back to us, sweetheart." Jordana only blinked slowly at her, as if she was in dreamland and hadn't woken up yet. "Come back to us," she sang, and like snapping a rubber band, Jordana's eyes cleared and she scowled. "There now," Jailyn said sweetly. "I have a question for you. Are you listening?"
"No," Jordana mumbled.
Jailyn smirked. "Would you like to accompany Kira and me to Tronis Inc? You might find something? useful."
A gleam of excitement entered Jordana's eyes, and she nodded rapidly. "Porcupines?"
I blinked. "Huh?"
Jailyn clear her throat and frowned. "Let's hope we don't come across them this time around."
"Shame," she said with a heavy sigh. Chuckling, Jailyn reached out and put a hand on my shoulder.
"Are you joining us?" the necromancer asked, directing her question toward Liana. The hunter nodded before everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

BRIANNA

"Don't go anywhere," Alyssa said for the gazillionth times in the span of two minutes.
"I won't," I said through gritted teeth, forcing down the urge to punch her.
"What are you looking at?" Alyssa asked, frowning.
"That," Lily said, and I turned slightly in my chair to see her pointing at something. We were in front of the ruin foundation that used to be Tronis Inc. Now it was nothing more than scorched earth with a gigantic hole in the center.
"I don't see anything," I said and scowled. "What are we looking at?"
"There," Lily said hesitantly. "You don't see it?"
"No," Alyssa said slowly. "What do you see?"
"It looks like a bunch of symbols of some kind drawn into the ground."
Alyssa went very still, not even breathing as she looked from me, to her, and back to me. "Wait here," she said. "I'll be right back."
"Where are you going?" Lily and I asked in unison.
"I'm going to get Davina. Just wait here, I'll be back." Before we could protest, she was gone in a flash. Lily came around my chair, until she was standing in front of me.
"Why is she getting Davina?" she asked and frowned, her eyes flickering back to the hole where the symbols apparently were.
I shrugged. "No idea," I said and sat back. She stood there, hovering over me and scanning our surroundings.
"Girls," a low voice hissed. Lily let out a squeak as my heart began to pound. A vampire moved into view, the sunglasses hiding his eyes. With them on, I couldn't tell if he was hungry or if he had already fed.
"Who are you?" I asked, staring up at him. It was barely five PM, and the sun was setting quickly.
"Casiar," he said, stopping beside my chair. "Have we met?" he drawled.
"I don't think we have," I said slowly.
"Are you a Tronis?" Lily blurted out before clamping her mouth shut.
"What makes you ask such a thing?" When she didn't answer, he chuckled. "I am, and what are you looking at?" Lily blushed and shifted on her feet as his gaze zeroed in on the spot she was staring at. A long minute past, and then Tristan along with Alyssa and Davina appeared out of thin air. "Is there a party that I don't know about?" Casiar asked, not taking his eyes from whatever he was looking at. "If so, I didn't get an invitation. I'm hurt."
"You don't need one," Davina muttered. "You'll just crash it."
"Point taken, witch. Point taken."
The witch let out a huff of annoyance. "You're not the only one with a brain in your skull, vampire."
"Yes," he drawled, a notepad along with a pencil appearing in his hands. "And it's withering away by the second."
Davina's eyes widened. "Is it? Are they still intact? Can I give you a premature death and study you?"
Casiar sighed, giving the notepad and pencil to Lily. "Put a hand on me or so much as utter a single syllable of a spell my way, I'll use your skull as a serving bowl after Jordana scoops out your brain and paints her bedroom walls with it. I'll make sure your spirit feels every blissful, painful second of it. I'm sure my mate has a way to keep your spirit self-bound to a corporeal part of yourself."
Davina shuddered. "Touched a nerve did I?"
"Fine, I'll kill you and experiment on you. How does that sound? Maybe I'll keep you alive."
Anger flashed in the witch's eyes. "How dare you," she snarled.
He tisked at her. "Touched a nerve did I?" he asked, throwing the witch's words back at her. She glared at him, and my skin prickled. After frowning at the stuff in her hands for the longest time, Lily sat on the ground and began to draw. Casiar stiffened, and then moved in a blur, so fast it gave me whiplash. Davina choked as his hands closed around her throat. I let out a yelp as a knife appeared in her hand. She drove it into Casiar's side until only the hilt was showing. Alyssa, Lily and I froze, watching the blood drip onto the ground. Casiar didn't let up his hold on the witch's neck, if anything, he squeezed harder. "You witches really do love playing with fire," he hissed. By this point, Davina was trying to remove his hands from around her neck. She was turning purple and on the verge of passing out. With a snarl, Casiar released her, and she doubled over, gasping in a huge amount of air. Rubbing her bruised neck, she straightened. I could practically see steam pouring from her ears.
"You are just as bad as your brother," Davina spat, and then gasped in pain as Casiar stabbed her in the stomach with the same knife she used on him.
"And don't you forget it," he said softly before yanking it out. Tristan let out a hiss as Alyssa made a strangling sound at the back of her throat. Davina frowned as she watched the stab wound healed before her very eyes. Tristan grabbed the back of Alyssa's shirt and pulled her to a stop, her eyes on the witch. Casiar stepped up beside Tristan and held the knife out to him, smirking. "Like a taste?" he asked. A small plastic cup appeared in his other hand. "I'll even put it in a cup for you," he said as blood slid from the blade. Tristan let out a growl of annoyance and snatched both cup and knife from him. Before Alyssa could go for the witch, Casiar's hand shot out and yanked her to him. "Not today," he said to her as she struggled against him. Tristan sheathed the knife, and Davina let out an angry curse.
"I want that back," she snapped. Ignoring her, he tossed the drop of witch blood into his mouth. When he was done, the cup disappeared from his hand. "Tristan," she snarled.
"Davina!" Casiar snarled. The witch stilled, her eyes flickering back and forth between him and Tristan. "Take off your ring," he said softly, causing more chills to race up and down my spine. She opened her mouth, but a low growl from him kept her silent. "Take off your ring, because apparently, you cannot take the time to look around when we vampires are clouding your poor, poor mind." He spun Alyssa around in his arms and glared down at her. "And you," he snapped. "Stop." When she continued to struggle, he let out another growl, his hand going to her neck.
"Don't you dare!" Davina yelled, and then shot a fireball at him as we heard the unmistakable sound of bones being snapped. I grimaced but remained silent. If I hadn't known Alyssa would survive, I might've thrown something at Casiar's head and scream bloody murder. The necromancer shoved my unconscious sister at Tristan who caught her and snapped a pair of handcuffs around her wrists. I opened my mouth to say something, but a hand on my shoulder stopped me. Just a precaution, Jailyn said softly into my mind. I nodded and relaxed a little. Where in the hell did she come from? I thought and grumbled.
"Throw another fireball my way, I dare you," Casiar whispered, and I gulped.
"What, going to combust me with a spell of your own?" Davina snapped. She sucked in a sharp breath, clutching her head and moaning. She turned green, and her throat worked as she swallowed.
"I," Casiar said softly. "Don't need magic for that, witch." I rubbed my arms and shuddered as the air became charged. "I don't even have to lift a finger to kill you. One hard mental twist and you'll be bleeding brain from your eyes and stomach juice from your ears." Tristan let out a chuckle, which earned him a sharp jab in the side from Jailyn. "Do we understand each other?" The witch nodded slowly, as if it took so much effort to do so. "Now, shut the fuck up and listen." A few seconds later, Davina gulped in the cold air, her coloring returning back to normal. Casiar gestured to Lily. My sister had her mouth wide open, looking like she was going to eat the pencil she was holding. Jailyn bent and closed her mouth. Lily yelped, blinking rapidly.
"Here, sweetheart," Jailyn said, a water bottle appearing in her hand. She handed it to Lily, who dropped the pencil and tried to open the bottle with trembling red fingers. Jailyn took it from her and opened it.
"Thanks," Lily mumbled, taking the water back and downing it.
"What is that you're drawing?" Davina rasped and cleared her throat. The witch moved closer and crouched beside my sister, staring at the half finished something. Lily shrugged. "Can you finish it?" She nodded, setting the almost empty water bottle down next to her.
"Finally," Casiar said with a heavy sigh. Davina whipped her head around and glared at him. They locked eyes in a staring contest, and of course, Davina was the first to look away. "Have you heard the phrase, never look a vampire directly in the eye?" he drawled. One of Davina's hands twitched, as if itching to raise it to cast a spell. Casiar gave a creepy ass smile she couldn't see, and I shivered.
Alyssa let out a groaned, slowly sitting up and rubbing her neck. "The hell just happened?"
"I got the pleasure of snapping your neck, sweetheart," Casiar said dryly.
Alyssa frowned and glared at the handcuffs around her wrists. "Why do I have these on?" she grumbled.
"For," I said and made air quotes with my fingers. "Precaution," I finished, imitating Jailyn's singsong voice. It didn't come out sounding as melodic as I'd like but whatever. I also got popped in the back of my head for my imitation effort. I smirked. "Sorry, I just had to."
"You're lucky I am not a rogue," Jailyn said in amusement. "Or I'd rip into your pretty little neck."
Tristan let out a heavy sigh, shaking his head and un-cuffing my sister. "Can we get going?" he muttered.
"Come," Jailyn said, tapping my seatbelt. "Out the chair you go." I unbuckled myself and pushed up and out. I would've fallen as my legs gave out from under me if Tristan hadn't caught me. He didn't release me; he simply picked me up and started walking down the steps and toward the gigantic hole.
"Hey," I spluttered, punching his arm. "I can walk."
"I know you can," he growled, and I shuddered against him. "But you can't fly or drop three hundred feet down." I squeaked. "And teleporting is out of the question."
"Why?"
"It has a no teleporting spell in place," he said through gritted teeth.
"Am I annoying you?"
He bared his fangs, and I leaned away from him, or as far as I could with him holding me. "Yes." He stopped and sighed. "Look behind you." I did and squeezed my eyes shut at how far down we had to go. "I suggest you hold onto me tightly," he drawled. I turned back around in his arms and buried my face against his chest, my own arms and legs going around him and squeezing. "Please, don't scream," he said and jumped. I didn't scream out loud, but inside my head I was letting it rip. Then I silently curse up a storm as I tasted copper in my mouth. Tristan moved through the air, and I opened one eye, peering over his shoulder. He was dodging wires, beams, protruding floorboards, dangling light bulbs, and other stuff.
"Are we there yet?" I squeaked, my heart hammering against my chest. I opened my other eye and looked anywhere but down. Still holding him in a death grip, I glanced up at him. I broke out in a cold sweat when I didn't see any hint of red in his white eyes. His throat worked furiously, remaining silent apart from the growls I could feel vibrating from him. His hand went to the back of my head, pushing it until my face was pressed against his chest. I closed my eyes again, and the next thing I knew, air whooshed past my ears. They popped a couple of times before he came to a slow stop. I could now make out loud banging, thumping, clanking or clinking noises coming from somewhere. Tristan moved his hand from my head to my shoulder, and when I remained as I was, he applied a little pressure, as if going to push me away.
"You might want to let him go now," Ari said, a hint of laughter in her voice. I felt a small hand against my pant leg, tugging at it. "Even Natalia is agreeing with me."
"You're not tricking me, are you?" I asked.
"No trick," Ari said reassuringly. "You're here." Since Tristan was still cupping my ass to prevent me from falling, I slowly released my strangling hold on him. My hands on his arms, he bent until my feet met solid ground. When my world stopped spinning around me, I slowly opened my eyes and looked around. A cold hand tugged at my own, and I glanced down to find Natalia giving the let-him-go-now-or-you'll-regret-it look. I glanced back at Tristan and let out a yelp as I saw his eyes and fangs. I quickly stepped from his arms, and only Ari's hand on his shoulder kept him from lunging for me. She let out a gasped as he turned on her, fangs going for her throat. I winced as curses flew from her mouth in several languages, one of which was Italian. Natalia and I both shuddered at Tristan's low snarls. She tugged at my hand, and I let her lead me away from them and toward the others.
"Did you have to bite your tongue?" the little girl asked, almost groaning.
"I'm sorry," I said with a heavy sigh.
"You're lucky Ari took me hunting before coming here," she said and grumbled. Not long after, Tristan and Ari joined us-him looking hungrier rather than sated, and her grimacing, rubbing her neck and looking annoyed.
"Why didn't you give her a pleasure bite or a painless bite?" I asked conversationally. They both blinked at me. Tristan's eyes lowered to my mouth, and then he let out a curse as Ari elbowed him hard in the side. My cheeks burned, and I mentally slapped myself for biting my tongue in the first place. It stopped bleeding, but I could still taste the lingering copper of blood in my mouth. I licked my lips nervously, and this time, Tristan jumped away from Ari before she could elbow him again. Beside me, Natalia let out a giggle. I couldn't help it. I smiled, shaking my head as Ari continued to give Tristan a warning look. "So," I said as we turned down another hall. "You still didn't answer my question."
"Kid," Ari said dryly. "Trust me when I say this. You don't want a show. No one here wants a show." Tristan muttered something I couldn't make out. Judging from the curses that flew from his mouth a second later, Ari must've given him another hard jab. We stopped outside a barely hanging door, and I once again looked around. Vampires were moving all over the place, totally not paying attention to us.
"Where are we?" I finally asked.
"This is the compound," a female vampire with blonde hair with bright red streaks said, stopping beside us. I wouldn't have known she was a vampire if it wasn't for her eyes or the flash of fangs I saw when she spoke. She held out her hand to me, and I reluctantly took it and shook. "Jadianne and you are?"
"Brianna."
"Pleasure to meet you, Brianna." She looked past me. "Has my sire given you any trouble? Or do I need to kick his ass?"
I smirked. "I think Ari already took care of that."
"And Natalia," she said, crouching before the girl so that they were eye level. "How are you on this night?"
"Good," said Natalia.
"Have you had dinner yet?"
"I haven't," Tristan grumbled as she nodded. Jadianne straightened and looked at the ruined door.
"We haven't been in any of the apartments yet," she said to Tristan.
He nodded. "How is it going out here?"
"It's going good so far. No one-" A pained yell came from somewhere, and Jadianne winced. "Never mind," she said and ran off.
"The hell has Kira got herself into this time?" Ari asked with a sigh. "Honestly, that girl cannot stay out of trouble for a minute straight."
"Stay here with the girls," Tristan said and was gone.
"I love you, too!" she called out, and then gently pushed us forward while she sent the door careening out of the way. "Let's have a drink and a snack," she said, kicking broken furniture out of our way. She brought us to a stop and scowled, looking around the apartment. She cleared a spot and nodded to Natalia who lowered herself to the floor. Ari helped me moved into a sitting position next to her before moving to what looked like a ruined bedroom. Dust and rubble were all around us, and I made sure I stayed far away from the sharp edges of broken things and shards of glass. A moment later, Ari came back out with a couple of blood bags and a bottle of water in hand. Natalia blinked up at her as Ari handed her the blood and me the water. The water was room temperature, and I glanced at Natalia who was pouting down at the blood in her hands.
"They survived the explosion?" I asked in bewilderment.
"Yes and no," she said and sat down on the huge pile of unrecognizable junk. "The mini refrigerator is spelled to withstand bullets, fire and such, but the electricity is another matter." A large bag of cheeto puffs appeared in her hand, and Natalia and I made a grab for it. She moved it out of our reach and tapped Natalia on the top of her head. "Drink it," she said. "Or you'll go hungry, and I'll give this to Brianna only."
"And I'm off the menu," I said. Still pouting, Natalia bit into the bag and grimaced.
"Don't," Ari warned. "Drink it all." Satisfied that the girl was going to drink it all, she dropped the bag of chips in front of us. I took it and opened it. Natalia stopped drinking long enough to pop a chip into her mouth. While we sat there in silence, well silence in the apartment that was, I slowly drank my water and wondered what in the world I was doing here. Not that I minded being around supernatural, but it was weird being the only human around.
"I have to pee," I said a moment later. I had to pee like fifteen minutes ago, but I was too busy trying not to get bitten.
Ari glanced at another room that looked like a bathroom and grimaced. "I don't think plumbing survived the explosion," she said dryly.
"But I have to pee like right now," I said, groaning as Alyssa, Sven, Brynna, Elijah, Evelyn, Allia, and Tristan holding a miserable-looking, limping Kira by the back of her neck appeared in the broken doorway. I swear he looked like he wanted to stake her and nail her to a wall. Alyssa broke from the group and came over to me.
"Can't you hold it?" she asked, plopping her ass down beside Ari.
"No," I said and resisted the urge to cup my crotch in an attempt to hold my pee in.
"Come on," Evelyn said and plucked me from the floor. "Teleporting," she said, a second before everything went dark. When it lifted, I found myself in a bathroom. Knowing that, I couldn't drop my pants fast enough, and of course I need help. It was either that or falling on my face. Evelyn held me as I shoved my pants down and would've fallen into the toilet if she hadn't been holding me. I almost groaned out loud as I finally relieved myself. When I was done, Evelyn held out her arm and I grabbed hold of it, pushing to my feet. The toilet flushed on its own as I struggled to pull my pants up. A few seconds later, I walked to the sink and washed my hands. "Would you like to go back?" Evelyn asked, her hand at the small of my back. I nodded. After drying my hands on one of the pale blue towels, she wrapped her arms around me, and everything once again went dark. I found myself back at the gigantic hole, and I shuddered. "Are you ready?" she asked, turning me until I was facing her. Taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly, I wrapped myself around her, squeezed my eyes shut, and nodded. "Please don't scream or bite yourself this time." At my nod, she jumped.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

ARI

I stood in front of a wide opened space. It apparently led down to a vault. I still couldn't believe that I hadn't notice that this was here centuries ago. To my left, Evelyn, Alyssa, and Natalia were removing the monitors from the wall, passing them over to Elijah who was setting each one of them carefully into a cart. Beside me, Tristan held a blade in his hand, waiting for my go-ahead. I took in a deep breath and nodded. He moved behind me and wrapped one arm around my waist. With a growling curse, his hand flashed, and the next thing I knew, pain flared hot, a second before I found myself falling into darkness. My ears popped, and I grunted as I plummet through a magical barrier. Tristan righted us midair before slowly descending the short distance to the ground. Turning me around in his arms, he leaned in and quickly licked close the gaping wound. When he was done, he lingered there, nuzzling me. He mumbled something as Sven stopped beside us. "Come again?" he asked. Wrapping my arms around Tristan, I glanced at Sven.
"I have no idea what he said, either."
"I said take everything out and teleport them up," Tristan growled.
"Why can't we just teleport all of this stuff at once?" Sven asked, frowning.
"Because those cabinets are spelled."
"Lovely." Sven turned to the others and scowled. "You heard him. Get moving." Tristan straightened and glanced down at my blood-drenched shirt.
"What are you going to do once everything is out of here?" I asked softly.
He blinked, grimacing. "I'm going to blow this place up."
It was my turn to blink. "Really?"
He grunted and turned me around. "You, too," he muttered.
"Can I have a night off?" I asked, looking back at him and sticking out my lower lip. A low growl escaped him, and I smirked.
"Get moving or you won't get your next paycheck," he warned. Grumbling, and with the tingle of his gaze boring into the back of my head, I flashed to one of the tall glass cabinets and frowned at it. "Do not break it."
I glanced back at him. "Tristan." His eyes narrowed dangerously. "If you think I'd do such a thing, then you don't know me."
"Don't I?" he asked in amusement. Then his cold fingers were around my wrist before I could punch out the glass in front of me. I glowered at him, muttering under my breath. I didn't even see him move for fuck sake. I let out a heavy sigh and glared at the lovely swords inside. "Take your pick," he said and looked around the vault. Then he let out a loud piercing whistle that nearly blew out my eardrums. The activities going on around us stopped abruptly, as if flipping off a light switch. "When we are done here," Tristan continued. "Those of you who don't own a collection of swords," he said dryly. "May pick one out of the pile." Sven grunted. "As today's generation puts it, pass it on." I snorted.
"You got it, boss," Allia said cheerfully, earning a glare and a growl from him. He released my wrist, and I reached up and pulled open the cabinet door instead of punching a hole through it like I wanted to. I grabbed two swords and took them out; my arms tingling from the rush of magic. Tristan took them from me, and they vanished into thin air. Allia stepped up beside me and took out the remaining four swords inside. They ranged from longswords, shortswords, and katanas-well used, and often if the worn-down hilts were anything to go by. Allia nodded, stepping back.
"Hey, Tristan?" Brynna said from across the vault, and she sounded like she was about to cause trouble. We turned as one and flashed over to her. She was standing in front of a table. It was half-moon shaped with a frayed-looking white tablecloth over it. On top of it was a collection of knives. They gleamed under the dim lighting and looked sharp as fuck. Some of the blades were steel; some of them were silver-almost blinding in their intensity. I, however, was more focused on the ones at the very top of the pile. There were about a dozen of them, and they looked opaque, glass-like even. There were also runes on the hilt of each blade, and I bet that these were halogen blades-forged from the abyss itself. I had no idea why it was even called a halogen blade to begin with. These were made to kill demons, and Brynna looked like she was about to combust in pleasure at the sight of them. One stab through a demon's heart, and they'd burn from the inside out. Getting to a demon's heart wasn't easy, because like any sane creatures, they don't just stand there and let you have at them. "If you say that I can't have one of these babies, I am going to scream."
Tristan chuckled, shaking his head in amusement as she stared hopefully at him. "Take two," he said dryly. Her hands were a blur as she snatched the first two from the pile.
"Some nice stuff," Sven drawled from behind me. He reached past me, grabbing a couple for himself. Tristan glared at him. "Hey," Sven said defensively. "I lost mine a hundred years ago. I need replacements. My weapon stashes are not complete without their demon-killing kin." Tristan rubbed his eyes and gave him a chilling look. Sven chuckled and shook his head, going back to his work.
"Do I take a couple as well?" I asked. Tristan nodded. Grabbing a couple of the demon blades along with a few silver and steel, I sheathed them in whatever available sheaths I had on me. I looked around and nodded. Besides a few more things, the vault looked cleaned out. Tristan's cold hand rested on my arm, and a second later, everything went dark.
Elijah and Cole both looked up as we appeared in front of them. I looked around, spotting Jadianne just outside the splintered door that led out to the destroyed hall. She was sitting on the floor, talking softly to Natalia, Brianna next to her, her back against the intact wall and her slightly bent legs stretched out. "Just about done?" Elijah asked, giving me a nod in greeting.
"Just about," Tristan said as I pulled away from him and launched myself into the air.
"Kira," I warned. "Touch Natalia's chocolate, and I'll beat you senseless."
"I wasn't going to," Kira spluttered, electrical wires in her hands.
"Uh huh," I said and glanced down at her left leg. Earlier, she dropped five tons of chains down on herself, and as a result, snapping the femur bone in her leg. "How's your leg?"
"Better," she said and rubbed at it.
"Did you thank Brynna for her blood?" I asked dryly.
She scowled at me. "No," she said just as dryly. I smirked, floating toward the door and through it. There was shit everywhere and barely any room on the ground to maneuver. All three glanced up at me, and I waved to them before continuing my way to what used to be the kitchen of the compound. Raina grunted as she saw me, tossing a refrigerator door over her head. "You look a little annoyed," I said dryly, lowering myself to the ground and kicking things out of my way so that I could stand properly and not fall on my face. She glanced into the refrigerator and grimaced. The overwhelming scent of blood hung thick in the air, and I was a little surprised that no one else was here, room temperature blood or not. To someone like Casiar, Tristan, Allia, Evelyn, and Elijah, it was testing the limits of their self-control. I knew full well that everyone here could taste it and smell it. I glanced into the refrigerator and groaned. It looked like a nuclear-sized blood bomb exploded in there, and the refrigerator itself was huge.
"We are done here," Sergei, one of the many hunters down here, growled low in his throat.
"Oh, thank the fucking devil," Raina said in relief. Sergei's aura wrapped around us, but I forced down the urge to run. He was just as old and powerful as Sven, and any hint of aggression or fear from us would snap whatever hold he had left on his self-control. I turned to face him. His hands were in his pockets, but the tautness of his body, pitch black eyes, and the growls I could still feel from him told me just how much he wanted to rip into me or Raina right here and now. His silver-streaked blond hair looked like he just rolled out of bed. It was either that or he had kicked someone's ass to hell and back. I was betting the latter since I couldn't smell sex on him. "Tristan wants us out of here?" Raina asked and straightened, flicking a piece of wood across the room.
"Yes."
"When you were human, what color were your eyes?" I asked.
Sergei blinked in surprise, and I smirked. "Why?" he asked. It came out more of a strangled hiss than anything. I waved at his hair and shrugged. "Silver green," he replied, his lips twitching in amusement.
"Wow, Ari," Raina said and chuckled. "Out of leftfield much?"
"Hey, I was just curious." I said and gestured them to my side. Resting my hands on them, I teleported.
The moment we appeared above ground and outside in the cold night, I jumped back and ducked as a fireball flew toward me. "Davina!" I snapped. "Ease up on your trigger-happy fingers!" The air stirred, and Raina was launching herself at Sergei, sending him flying. Shit!" I yelled and moved to her side. The hunter's eyes briefly flashed white, and Raina cursed, shouting obscenities at Davina as he popped from the ground and tossed her through the air.
"We have fucking demons running around you stupid fucking moronic bitch!" she yelled as she crashed against an invisible wall several yards away. I grabbed Sergei by the neck, spun him around and slammed him to the ground. He grunted as my entire weight pressed down on him. He continued to snarl and bare his fangs at me, but he made no move to push me off.
"Where is Sarisa?" I asked as means of distraction. Of course, it didn't work. His eyes flickered past me, and I didn't have to look to know who was approaching. I glanced up at Tristan as he stopped beside us.
"She is on her way up," Tristan growled, barely getting the words out. I nodded, slowly releasing Sergei and getting to my feet. The hunter remained on the ground, glaring up at us. After another few seconds, he got to his feet, his left hand going into his pocket.
"So," Sergei hissed softly. "Shall I shoot you?" He asked, drawing out each word. "Or shall Ari do the honor."
"Fuck," I said with a heavy sigh. Sven appeared out of thin air, and in his hands was a box full of weapons. He glanced around, and when he saw Tristan, he cursed vehemently and set it down.
"Who is shooting who?" Jadianne asked, stopping just out of our reach. "I personally vote that we all shoot Tristan."
"Charming," Evelyn growled from behind me.
"Davina," I said, looking over at the witch. "Do me a huge favor," I continued sweetly. "Take Brianna, Lily, and your witchy ass out of here." For once, the witch kept her mouth shut and did what she was told. More vampires came up from the gigantic hole and stopped near us, ready to fight if need be.
"Charming indeed," Casiar said and chuckled. "Do you think we can kick all the hunters' asses, Evey?"
"I don't know," Evelyn said slowly. "Can-?" Sven and Sergei's hand flashed, and my ears popped as what sounded like several air guns firing simultaneously. Grunts filled the air, and I moved in a blur, catching both Tristan and Evelyn before they could fall. Jailyn caught Allia and Casiar while Jadianne grabbed Elijah. I looked around and winced. There were over a dozen hunters, and they all had their guns trained on the unconscious vampires. Sarisa, Sergei's mate, pocketed her gun and stepped forward, taking Evelyn from me, allowing me to wrap my arms around Tristan. I stiffened and tightened my hold as he stirred. Nehrya took Allia from Jailyn, and her hand was a blur as she turned, pointed the gun at Tristan's head and shot him.
"Let's move," Jailyn said sharply and was gone. When all the vampires say for me, Tristan and Liana were left, Sven picked up the box of weapons and teleported, taking us with him.
When the darkness lifted, I blinked furiously, my eyes watering as bright ass light stabbed my eyeballs. A moment later, I sighed in relief as someone hit the light switch, plunging the room into blissful darkness. In my arms, Tristan stirred, a low growl emanating from him. Sergei, Sven, and Liana disappeared almost immediately. Sathia, standing at the door, smiled evilly. Her fingers flex, as if ready to punch someone. "You know, Stanton," she growled. "It would give me much, much pleasure if you just allow me to kill your mate. I mean," she drawled. "All those powers he's bottling up inside? just waiting to be unleashed?" Her green eyes practically glowed brighter if it was possible. Tristan straightened in my arms, and I held him tighter. Sathia laughed as the smell of sulfur filled the room. "Come on, Stanton," she hissed. "Release him. Besides, he'll get to work off his rage." I scowled at her. "Have you heard of sparring?" she hissed as I struggled to hold Tristan. If he wanted to, he could break my hold easily, but at the moment, I was glad he didn't.
"You touch him, I'll stab you."
"Oh, now that is not nice." She tisked and let out a sigh. "Sadly, I believe you, hunter. Or shall I say spy? What rank do you go by now these days?" She bared her fangs, an amused gleam in her eyes. "You look like you're struggling," she hissed as I broke out in sweat. If I didn't let Tristan go soon, he was going to either turn on me or give the demon what she wanted. He suddenly stopped, his entire body going taut. "Let me help you out."
"Sathia," I growled as my vision, already seeing red, deepened. Tristan's growl turned into a groan of pain. I grunted as something punched me across the room. There was a surge of power, and Tristan snarled as he hit the ground hard. Another surge lifted me off the floor and slammed me against the wall. Stars burst before my eyes, and my blood burned as rage came over me, even as pain knocked my ass senseless. When I could see straight again, I slowly got to my feet and glared at the demon. The ground shook, and delight filled her eyes. I glanced at Tristan and let out a curse as I saw the beast in his eyes.
"This is not the first time, Stanton," the demon hissed. I just stared at her, hot and cold flashes of sensation coursing through me. "We both need this. His beast needs this. He knows it. I know it. You know it." I was so enraged I couldn't even think straight, let alone on what she was saying. The rush of blood was so loud in my ears, and the bitter taste of metallic filled my mouth. "If it's any consolation, he is fucking good at what he does best," she hissed. "Watch and learn, because one day, you'll find yourself facing an arc demon." And with that, Tristan bolted off the floor. As he did so, his eyes met mine, and I couldn't move even if I wanted to. My ears popped again and this time, hot blood flowed down the side of my neck as both his and Sathia's power met head-on in a resounding explosion, dazing me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

"Let me go!" I screamed at them as they held me immobile with their wills alone. Sathia shifted to her demon form midair. They crashed into each other with a snarl that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. Sathia hissed as she tumbled backward, Tristan's fingers driving deep into her stomach and ripping down. He snarled in pain as she raked her talons down his arm. Blood, red and black flew into the air like thick mist, before dispersing and hitting the ground with a splash. Since I couldn't feel anything but rage and my own pain, I knew he was blocking himself from me completely. Sathia's tail rose, whipping through the air and smacking Tristan. He let out a scream of pain as he was flung into the far wall, spikes ripping deep into his side. I let out a shriek of fury, but I couldn't do anything as the temperature dropped to the point of almost freezing. Tristan let out a guttural sound as wind whipped against my face. Sathia let out an inhuman scream as something I couldn't see opened her up. She moved at the last second so instead of her chest, it was her leg that got the brunt of the impact. Hissing, growling, and snarling in pain and fury, they came at each other, claws slashing, Sathia's tail ripping; Tristan's whatever he was doing cutting her. His hands glowed, and he punched the demon in the face, sending her spinning. The spike she had embedded in his thigh, ripped through his flesh, spraying blood everywhere. They were on the far side of the room, but some of the blood managed to hit me, and it stung like the fires of hell itself. They came at each other again, and it looked like neither one of them were feeling the pain that had to hurt. It wasn't even slowing them down as they pummeled the shit out of each other. Sathia's fangs ripped into Tristan's neck, hands, and arms as his own fangs did the same to her. They looked like dogs locked in battle of kill or be killed. Only, this was much worse than death. They both screamed as they tried their damnedest to tear each other apart. By this point, their clothes were nothing more than pieces of fabric strewn all over the floor. The only thing that survived was the platinum silver chain around Tristan's neck. Sathia let out another inhuman scream as she was thrown back and what looked like silvery beam of light slamming into her chest. What in the world's fuck was that? I thought furiously as I continued to try and break free with no use. A volley of fire flew from Sathia's mouth. Tristan let out a scream as my head began to pound in time with my frantic heart.
"You've changed," Sathia snarled and dodged an invisible something. One of her wings hit him, sending him flying. "This is exciting," she hissed, grunting and cursing as they blurred toward each other. They were so fast that I couldn't track their movements. An eternity later, they broke apart, circling each other and waiting for the other to make a move. The only sounds in the room were their harsh pants and the drip, drip, drip of blood hitting the floor. Chills ran up and down my spine as I saw Tristan's dilated eyes. No one was home in those eyes, and a touch of fear broke through my thick haze of rage. "You know, Stanton," she hissed, pain suffusing her voice, her eyes never leaving Tristan even for a second.
"I," I said, baring my fangs and straining against what might as well be an impenetrable barrier. "Will. Kill. You," I finished with a hiss. "Let. Me. Go!"
"If you insist," she hissed, and then launched herself at Tristan-the sudden icy chill of death magic filling the room. Tristan's claws drove into the left side of her chest, but she only kept at it, slamming him into the wall. My deadly silver blade flew into her hand, and Tristan screamed as she drove it into his stomach. Her other hand flashed, grabbing the pendant around his neck, lifting it over his head and off.
"No!" I shrieked, and she grimaced as she jumped back. Fire spewed from her mouth, hitting Tristan fully. His screams drowned out my own as the demon grabbed him by the neck and bashed his head into the wall, abruptly silencing him. She let him dropped, the fire vanishing just as quickly as it engulfed him.
"Trust me," Sathia said, groaning as she turned to face me. She tossed the necklace my way, and it fell to the floor with a soft clink. "You'll thank me later." I opened my mouth to speak, only to have nothing but white hot, agonizing, mind-numbing pain slam into me.
"Bitch," I gasped and knew no more.
I came awake with a jolt, a split second before a cool hand came down on my chest and prevented me from bolting upright. "Easy there, sweetheart," Tristan rasped softly as I blinked open my eyes.
"You god damn son of a fucking ass!" I exclaimed and resisted the urge to drive my fist into his stomach right here and now. He removed his hand from me, and I heard the crushing of plastic as he got up. I looked around at the bedroom we were in and was glad I couldn't smell the lingering odor of demon blood. "How long was I out?" I asked through gritted teeth.
"It's a little after nine in the morning." This time, I did bolt up into a sitting position, and wished that I hadn't a second later as nausea hit me.
"Fuck," I groaned, breathing deeply and swallowing the blood that threatened to spew from me. Tristan, naked and freed of blood, turned from the trashcan in the corner of the room and was in front of me in a heartbeat. After throwing the blanket off of me, he slowly sat, and I groaned as the bed dipped under his weight. He rested his hand on my bare stomach, and I continued to swallow, breathing deeply as the heat from his palm seeped its way into me. A few seconds later, a weird gurgling sound could be heard as the nausea eased. There was a knock at the door before it opened to revealed Jesric. He came in, closing the door softly behind him and walking toward us, a glass of water in hand. Tristan took it from him and pressed the icy glass to my mouth. I took a sip and sighed at the cold liquid that went down my throat.
"If I were you," Jesric said, crossing his arms. "I'd stay clear of Jailyn for a while."
"I wonder why," I said and took the cup from Tristan and gulping the rest of the water down.
"Yeah," he said dryly. "Casiar had a nosebleed when she uh, shouted Sathia's true name for the world to hear." As much as I wanted to beat the demon to a bloody pulp, I winced. "After she upturned a hideout filled with a dozen rogues, she was painfully yanked through a vortex and into a pentagram."
"She realizes that I fought her Ahzeeki willingly?" Tristan asked dryly.
"Yeah, she is going to kill you for that, too." Tristan's arms came around me as I let out a low growl of warning. Jesric put up his hands, taking a step back. "Hey, I'm just telling you what I know," the necromancer said as the cup vanished from my hand before I could shatter it. My growl turned into a snarl as Tristan pulled me onto his lap. His arms tightened around me as his fingers began to stroke my back in a soothing manner.
"No one is going to kill anyone," he said gently. "No one is going to kill anyone," he repeated, and after a long moment, I took in a deep breath and let my head drop onto his shoulder. Behind me, Jesric let out a relieved sigh. Grumbling, I snuggled closer to Tristan.
"Davina is out in the hall. Shall I allow her in?" Jesric asked. Tristan let out a heavy sigh, but nodded. "She has Amaris with her," the necromancer drawled as a blanket was thrown around us. "You have a nice bare ass, Ari, but we don't need to frighten the little girl." I snorted, and then grabbed Tristan's half-erect penis and squeezed hard as his hand lowered to said ass. I laughed softly as he winced. "That is just wrong," Jesric muttered as he moved to the door and opened it.
"What is?" I asked. "Him cupping my ass or me cutting off his circulation?"
"Both," he muttered, and then cupped himself protectively as I gave him an evil look. Tristan chuckled, dropped his arms from around me and fell back on the bed. I moved off of him as his hand locked around my wrist.
"Do you realize how painful this is?" he growled as Jesric disappeared out the door. The look in his eyes said I was going to pay and pay dearly. Smirking, I released him but didn't pull away, as he let out a relieved groan and swelled to painful arousal in my hand. I shuddered as hot pleasure coursed through me.
"Ahem!" Davina said loudly from the doorway. "Do I need to come back later?" she asked dryly.
"Yes," Tristan hissed.
"Nope," I said and laughed as he let out a curse. I pulled my hand away and sat up straighter. Even though Davina had her hand over Amaris's eyes, I still made sure the dark blue blanket covered us both. Davina dropped her hand and came into the room, the little shifter following her in. The witch pulled a chair from the corner of the room and sat down in front of us, her eyes studying us intently.
"So," the witch said with a heavy sigh. "How do you feel?" she asked and glared at Tristan.
"Fine," he muttered. If I were anyone else, I would've thought he was pouting. I inwardly smiled as Davina scowled.
"I'm serious."
"So am I." Her hand suddenly snapped up and out, and I stiffened as Tristan grunted in pain. Blood trickled from his nose, and she nodded. "Satisfied?" he growled.
"Yes," she said and peered at me.
"What?" I asked.
"Bleed."
I arched an eyebrow. "Not going to force me to bleed?"
She glared at me. "I'm not stupid. The moment I aim a spell your way, I'm dead." I smirked as Tristan's warning aura slowly filled the room. Amaris made a squeaking sound before jumping out the door in one graceful leap. She didn't leave like I thought she would. Instead, she turned to face the room, her small hand clutching the doorframe.
"Point taken," I drawled and sank my fangs deep into my lower lip. I winced at the pain as hot blood dripped down my chin.
"Hmm," she said thoughtfully as I withdrew my fangs, sucking on the wound to ease the self-inflicted pain. "Your blood is nice and bright," she said dryly. "Does it smell off to either of you?" I inhaled deeply, and then sniffed the air like a dog. Beside me, Tristan gave me a hard tap on the thigh. I smirked and drew the fresh scent of our mingled blood and held it. My nose twitched as I tried very hard to detect any lingering hint of demon. When I didn't pick up anything, I nodded and pulled the blanket away from me slightly, before my blood could drip onto it. "Doesn't smell off to me," I said and smiled at the little girl. "How about you, Amaris, what do you say?" The little shifter launched herself at me, and I grunted as I caught her. Her warm hand went to my blood, gathering a large amount of it onto her finger before sniffing it.
"Nothing," she said cheerfully and stuck the bloody finger into her mouth. When Tristan didn't stop her, I relaxed a little. Davina muttered something under her breath and dragged the girl away before she could crawl over to Tristan. The witch stood up, tightening her grip on Amaris's hand and leading her to the door and stepping through it. "Bye," Amaris said, waving to us as Davina closed the door. I laughed softly, shaking my head.
"She's going to be a handful when she gets older," I said and sighed as Tristan wrapped his arm around me and pulled me to him.
"She is already a handful," he said, and I groaned as he kissed me. After a moment his mouth left mine and he licked away the blood as he went for my neck.
"I'm still mad at you," I said and let out a yelp as his fingers found my nipple. I kicked the blanket off of us, and he chuckled as I press closer to him.
"Are you making a point?" he asked, nibbling and sucking at my neck. I groaned as hot pleasure once again coursed through me. His hand trailed down my body, stopping at my quivering stomach.
"Yes," I hissed and then gasped as his hand moved lower. He growled as his fingers found my core, hot and wet. "Stop," I said, groaning and squirming. His arm tightened around me, and I growled, panting as two fingers slipped inside. My inner walls clenched around him, and I shuddered, moaning as my head fell back with the pleasure of it. My world flipped, and he pressed me into the bed, his fingers stroking in and out of me. I spluttered, trying to come up with something to say, but his mouth crushed mine, his tongue clashing and tangling with me in a blazing, hot furious kiss. His strokes grew faster, and he let out a growl as my fingers dug into his shoulders, causing him to bleed. His mouth lowered to my neck, and I cursed at him as I arched into his hand. His thumb rubbed at my clit, and his growl turned into a snarl as I raked my nails down his back. I let out a long, loud groan as I came, slowly and blissfully. With a grunt, I relaxed my fingers and became a limping pile of satisfaction on the bed. Tristan laughed softly and withdrew his hand, straightening to his full height. I stared at him, fully and painfully erect as he walked into the bathroom. "You didn't bite me," I said and pouted.
"Don't push it," he growled. Smirking, I sat up and slipped from the bed. Walking into the bathroom, I quickly cleaned myself up. I turned to Tristan and wrapped my arms around him.
"Sorry," I said sweetly and stroked him. He sucked in a sharp breath, letting it out with a vicious curse.
"Ariella," he warned.
"Okay," I said and stepped back from him. "Okay, I won't torture you anymore."
"Get your lovely ass dress in the next five seconds?" He didn't have to say the "or else" part. He didn't have to. If I didn't put clothes on now, I was never leaving this room. I of course didn't mind being with him for the rest of the day and night, but there were rogue vampires to be hunted down and demons to be killed. I stepped into the bedroom and quickly dressed. Tristan's gaze followed me to the door, and I smiled, knowing that next time I was in for it.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirteen

SARISA

"Fuck!" I yelled and dropped to the pavement three stories below me. Several yards away, Donnica did a nice back flip and right into a rogue's midsection, sending him flying into an oncoming demon who sidestep and lashed out with a claw, taking the rogue's head in one smooth move.
"Really?" Donnica asked and glared at the demon. "He was my kill, damn it." I shook my head at them both as she jumped back, dodging the claw aiming for her. She glanced at me and launched herself into the air. "Got a demon blade I could borrow?"
"Sorry, you're on your own."
"Damn hunters," she muttered and flew higher into the sky.
"Where are you off to?" I asked and unsheathed my halogen blade.
"I'm going to help out west side of town."
I nodded. "Have fun." She snorted and flew off, leaving me to deal with the demon alone. Grimacing, I lunged for the demon just as he whipped out a gun. It went off as my blade drove deep into his chest and straight for his heart. The bullet slammed into my right leg, and I screamed along with the demon as he burned from the inside out. I yanked the blade out as my world spun around me. Blinding pain swamped me, and I threw myself away from the demon as he began to combust. Another shot went off, and I jerked, gasping and barely dodging the second bullet as my throat burned and seem to close on me. "Clever," I wheezed as I broke out in a cold sweat. "Bullets infused with demon blood," I gasped. "Clever," I said and coughed, glancing back in time to see nothing but ash being blown away by the cold harsh wind. I looked down at my leg and let out another scream, as another wave of fire scorched its way throughout my body. My world spun faster around me, and my head hit the pavement hard, sending me into sweet oblivion.
"Sarisa," a female voice said softly, and I groaned, shuddering and pulling away; wanting to slip back into my peaceful void of nothing. "Sarisa," she repeated, and it was like fighting a compulsion I knew I couldn't win. "Don't make me start singing," the voice continued. "Because you know I have a terrible voice." Someone else said something, but for the life of me, I couldn't make out the words. "Sergei says you better open your eyes before he does something stupid." I mentally snorted, and then groaned out loud as pain shot up my leg.
"Fuck," I gasped and bared my fangs in pain as someone pulled me into a sitting position. I opened my eyes and glared at Jailyn who was standing at the foot of the bed with her arms crossed. "You don't have a terrible voice," I said and gently poked at my leg wound.
"And how would you know this?"
"1370," I said dryly and channeled heat to my hand.
"What?" she asked, her eyes narrowing dangerously. "And what are you doing?" she asked suspiciously.
"It's called beneturgy."
"Oh!" she exclaimed, and then scowled at me. "Why don't I know this about you?"
I shrugged as my hand glowed white. "You just never saw me using it."
"And where were you for the past six hundred years?" she asked and glared at Sergei.
"Hey, don't look at me," he said and carefully lowered himself onto the bed. His fingers wrapped around my wrist, stopping me from poking at the wound. My entire body throbbed painfully in time with the beat of my heart, and it was all I could do not to cry like a baby.
"How are you up and functioning?" I asked him and tried to pull out of his grip.
"I'm blocking him from your pain," the necromancer said and sat on the edge of the bed. She stared pointedly at my glowing left hand and smirked. "You can heal yourself as well I take it?"
I shuddered, but nodded. "It's going to hurt even more," I said and cringed at what I was about to do.
"Are you sure?" she asked uncertainly. "I can call Davina or another witch here."
"I'm sure," I said as another sharp pain lanced through me. "I have to get the bullet out," I gasped and rested my other hand on Sergei's, tugging until he reluctantly released me. "Just make sure I don't pass out."
"What happens if you do?"
"Nothing, but I prefer not to slip into oblivion while channeling." My right hand glowed the same white light as my left, and I let out a whimper as I grabbed hold of my leg, snatching one of Sergei's many blades in the process. He let out a growl but didn't stop me as I stuck the tip into the wound and sliced, creating a bigger hole.
"Sarisa," Sergei hissed as Jailyn winced. I dropped the blade and stuck my fingers into the bleeding wound, screaming and cursing as I did so. I hunched into myself as Sergei wrapped his arms around me and stroked my sweaty hair out of my face. Cailin appeared in my peripheral vision, and I could've sworn she did a double take at my hands. After all, it was her that taught me how to heal with my bite. Apparently, my healing magic extended to my fangs when I was turned more than twelve hundred years ago.
"Well," Cailin said with a heavy sigh. She rounded the bed and sat down on my other side, her hand going to my shoulder and squeezing lightly.
"Sorry," Sergei muttered.
"Don't be," she said as I sucked in a sharp breath and dug deeper into my leg. My fingers found metal, and I almost passed out as pain shot through my skull. Dark blood saturated the mattress under me, and I almost cried as the ice-cold magic of necromancy surrounded me. Casiar and Tristan appeared beside Jailyn, and they both winced as my loud cursing and shrieking blasted their eardrums. Jailyn's hand shot out and clamped tightly around my wrist. She pulled my hand from the wound, and I couldn't even put up a fight as pain racked me. Sergei shifted on the bed until I was cradled against him. Cailin applied pressure to my shoulder as I tried to move. I let out another scream as Tristan's ice-cold hand came down on my leg. I kicked him with my good one, and he grunted as I made contact with his ribs. I continued to curse at them as he and Jailyn ripped my pants off of me, tossing the blood-drenched fabric into the bathroom. I made a grab for the blade, and Sergei stiffened behind me. Tristan snatched the bloody blade away, and I finally let go, allowing the tears to flow, burning a hot path down my cheeks.
"Take in deep breaths," Jailyn said gently as Tristan stuck his fingers into the wound. I screamed. I writhed. I cursed them all as waves after waves of unbearable pain hit me. The rush of blood was so loud in my ears that I couldn't hear whatever Sergei was saying to me, or anyone for that matter. The hunger pain in my stomach was also killing me, and it was increasing by the second. My fangs ached, and they pulsed in anticipation of a feeding. Tristan jerked his hand from my leg, and I let out a bloodcurdling scream as black spots danced before my eyes. The room I was in blurred around me, and my stomach screamed a protest at the sudden move. Jailyn and Tristan jumped out of the way as I spewed blood everywhere. My stomach clenched painfully, and I couldn't get air to my lungs to gasp. Sergei and Cailin held me and rubbed my back as I struggled to gather myself. After a long minute, I sucked in a sharp breath. Tristan reached out and held me up as Sergei removed my shirt that was just as bloody as my pants. Still crying, spluttering, and screaming, they lowered me into the bathtub. I sat there and shook violently as I reached for my still opened wound. Dropping the bloody bullet into a cup that was sitting on the sink counter, Tristan came over and crouched beside the tub. He cupped my chin as Sergei's hand on my arm kept me from falling sideway or backward.
"Bite me, sweetheart," Tristan said into my mind and out loud as the water came on. Baring his fangs, he ripped into his wrist and pressed it to my mouth before I could do nothing more than go very still. Letting out a feral snarl, I grabbed his wrist, tearing into it, gulping the hot, sweet, sweet blood down my throat like it was a freaking lifeline. He winced, nodding as Sergei said something to him. Tristan's white eyes ringed with red met mine, and everything went blurry as his compulsion slammed into me. "As you feed," he growled, both out loud and in my head. "You will heal yourself." As the compulsion lifted, I continued to gulp down his blood as my hands went back to my leg. It took a moment before I could center myself and let magic rush down my right arm, to my hand, and out into the wound. It fucking burned as heat speared every inch of my body. I had no idea what was worse, the demon blood, or the healing. Sergei's hand tightened around my arm as his other hand stroked my wounded leg. I screamed as more tears flowed, but I couldn't stop feeding. It wasn't the compulsion keeping my fangs buried in Tristan's wrist; it was the beast, and she was telling me to fuck off. Tristan chuckled as his thumb rubbed the side of my jaw soothingly. The smell of burnt flesh reached my nose, and I coughed, causing more blood to spill from my mouth. Dark, dark water swirled down the drain as I continued to bleed.
"Here we go," Jailyn said a moment later as my blood began to lighten slightly. Tristan jerked his wrist away, and I half snarled, half screamed at the loss of fresh blood. He was replaced by Cailin, and I bit into her wrist hard. I grimaced at the flakes of burnt flesh and blood in the water and wondered how much longer it was going to take. Slow by slow agonizing second that past, my blood continued to lighten, until it was the color of bright crimson. My wound began to finally close, and Sergei grunted as he leaned forward, lifting my leg out of the water. I reluctantly withdrew my fangs from Cailin's wrist, still in pain and oh so very hungry. I removed my no longer glowing hands from my leg and groaned, letting Sergei picked me up and out of the tub. "Here," Jailyn said and rested a hand on my arm. "Let's move her to another tub and clean her up." He nodded and everything went dark.
We appeared in another bathtub, and I pulled away from Sergei. I went over to the wall and rested my forehead against the cold marble, breathing deeply in and out. The shower came on, and I yelped as the cold water hit me. Sergei chuckled, and I glared at the wall, because I so did not feel like turning around. "Sorry, I should have warned you."
"Okay," said Jailyn. "Remove your bra and underwear. I won't peek."
"Too lazy," I mumbled. Sergei's cool hands came down on my shoulders, and he pulled me from the wall. Turning me to face him, I put my hands on his arms as he unhooked my bra and let it fall into Jailyn's outstretched hand. With a heavy sigh, I straightened and removed my last piece of clothing and would've fallen if Sergei hadn't caught me.
"I can wash myself," I muttered. They both looked at me and scowled. "I'm not going to fall over and crack my head open."
"Risa," he said with a sigh.
"Rissy," Jailyn warned as he took the wet soapy washcloth from her. He pulled me from under the water and began to wipe the stinging blood from my body. "You can hardly stand on your own, and I am not leaving until all remnants of demon are off you."
"And you'll have to forcibly throw me out," Sergei growled and moved me back into the water. I sighed and ran my fingers through my black and blue hair, tilting my head back and letting the cold water filled my mouth before swallowing.
"Do I have blood in my hair?" I asked.
"No," he said and handed me the bottle of shampoo. I took it and snapped open the lid, sniffing it.
Jailyn laughed softly. "Trust me," she said dryly. "It's not the fruity kind. No one here apart from Kira, Corinne, Skyler, and Natalia likes sweet scented things." I nodded and squeezed a good size glop onto my palm. As Sergei held me, I washed my shoulder-length hair and let out a groan of relief. I could still feel the lingering aftereffect of being shot with a bullet coated in demon blood, but it was now manageable, and I somehow didn't want to end my suffering as much as I wanted to before.
"I know that I didn't make it back to the HQ on my own," I said and rinsed out my hair. "Who got the lovely task of finding me?"
"Well," Jailyn said in amusement. "When your mate came to his senses, his murderous screams could be heard halfway around the world."
"Really?" I asked and chuckled, rubbing the water from my eyes.
"Actually, he blew out Tristan's eardrums in his call for help. I was with him and saw blood pour from his eyes, nose and ears."
"Sorry," I muttered and shut off the water.
She shook her head, handing me a towel. "Nothing to be sorry about, Rissy." She pointed a finger at Sergei and gave him an icy look. "And you, my friend, need to clean yourself up now that she is done." He scowled and reluctantly released me. I wrapped the towel around myself and stepped out. Jailyn rested a hand on my shoulder and squeezed lightly to get me walking. We entered another bedroom, and I headed for the bed, flopping down onto it with a sigh and a loud groan. Jailyn dropped down beside me and watched me curiously as I stared up at the ceiling. There was no longer any pain in my leg, but the area where I've been shot still felt numb, and I wondered if sensation would return, if any at all.
"Do you find me interesting?" I asked.
She smirked. "I'm just waiting for you to scream your lungs out at any minute now."
I laughed humorlessly. "Sorry to disappoint, but I think I'm done crying and screaming."
"Cursing?"
"No, I'm not done cursing yet." I smirked. "Don't think I'll ever get tired of swearing."
"Good to know," she said dryly and tapped my arm. "Come on, get dress. You need to hunt." I let out a groan, mentally flipping her off. With another sigh, I forced myself to get up, grumbling all the while.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fourteen

TRISTAN

"Are you all right?" Cailin asked as the stench of demon blood, heavy and thick in the air, burned my nostrils. "I'll clean up here," she said, and then growled low in her throat as my increasing hunger swirled around her.
"So," Casiar said loudly, and I grimaced as I stepped around the puddle of blood and out into the bedroom. Grabbing the small plastic cup containing the bullet, he followed me from the bathroom and let out a whistle at the sight of the blood-drenched mattress. "Where are you off to?" he asked a moment later, and then cursed as my nose began to bleed. I groaned as a splitting headache followed a second later. The pain intensified, and my hand shot out, slapping the wall for balance as my world spun around me. "Damn it," Casiar muttered before he teleported, taking me with him.
"Shit," Ari said and coughed as she choked on the blood she was drinking. Her cool hand caught me before I could fall on my ass. She lowered me onto the couch as I clutched at my head. My vision darkened, and at the scent of human blood-prepackaged or not, my hunger rose.
"You have him?" Casiar asked, and I could barely hear him over the rush of blood and the pounding of hearts in my ears. Ari said something I couldn't make out as she cupped my chin, tilting my head back and wiping away the blood with a napkin that she grabbed from the table. I was no longer bleeding, but the headache persisted in having its way with me. "If you need me, shout." At her nod, he disappeared. I dropped my hands to her shoulders, and she stiffened, eyeing me warily.
"I can feel your hunger," she said, and I tensed as she dropped her hand and pressed something sharp against my stomach. My hands moved to her own hand, and she tightened her grip on the blade as I tried to remove it. I could have easily taken it from her, but half of me didn't want to disarm her. She straightened and pulled her hand out of mine. "Stay put, I'll be back." She headed into the kitchen, grumbling something under her breath.
"Sweetheart," I growled. "Those won't help," I said and let out a snarl, going taut as her blood suddenly filled the air. It was all I could do not to flash into the kitchen and rip into her throat. She appeared in front of me a few seconds later, and I snatched the cup of blood from her hand and drained it in one gulp. She took the glass from me before I could shatter it.
"Viviana is in the sparring room. Shall I get her?" She disappeared before I could grab her. I hissed, cursing as she reappeared with Viviana just seconds later.
"Are you serious?" Viviana spluttered and jerked away from Ari's arms and into mine. She gasped as I tightened my hold around her. "Shit!" she exclaimed as Ari sat down beside me. Shit indeed, I thought as she began to struggle. I took in a deep breath and let it out with a growl as I stared at the pulse in her neck. Only Ari's painful grip on my upper arm kept me from ripping out Viviana's throat. If she applied anymore pressure, she was going to snap it, and I seriously had enough healing to get on with.
"If you value your life, dear girl," I hissed in Viviana's ear. "I suggest you stop fighting me."
"Have you heard the phrase easier said than done?" she asked, and then let out a pained gasp, stiffening as I sank my fangs into the side of her neck. Growling, I pulled fast and hard, silently groaning as hot blood filled my mouth and slid down my throat. My growls turned into a snarl as Viviana pushed against my arms. Ari released me, only to stick her fingers into my mouth, making it difficult to feed. With another snarl, I jerked my fangs from Viviana and reluctantly allow Ari to take her from me. I licked away the remaining blood, and then stiffened as a cold burning sensation came over me. I sucked in a sharp breath, holding it as invisible fist wrapped around my heart and squeezed ever so slowly.
"Tristan!" Ari exclaimed. "What's wrong?" Pain exploded in my head and breath whooshed from me as I doubled over onto the floor. Just as suddenly as the pain came on, it was gone, leaving me gasping and another pounding headache in its wake.
"I have to go," I snarled and teleported.
The moment I appeared, I was bombarded by screams, the sound of fighting, and the overwhelming scent of sulfur. Someone just died a slow death here, and I looked around the bloody scene, blinking as I saw Trynnadon crouching over a body-a body with no head? or rather, a body with a head that was nothing more than melted mush on the ground. I appeared beside him, and my hand flashed, grabbing his wrist and squeezing, enough that he couldn't move. "Tristan," Trynnadon growled and looked around.
"Who was it?" I snapped.
"James," he hissed and cursed.
"Tell me," I said and released him.
"He was shot in the head," he said and glared. "He died screaming."
I nodded, inwardly wincing. "Where is the demon that shot him?" He pointed to the sky, and I glanced up, seeing nothing. Of course, if I were the shooter, I wouldn't have stuck around to see what happened next. The cold burning sensation was fading, and I glanced around, scowling. I growled as demons began to flee the scene. "Let them go," I said both out loud and mentally.
"You've got to be fucking joking!" Brynna snarled. "They fucking killed one of us," she hissed.
"And they will kill more before this is all over and done with," I snapped.
"You're no fucking fun," she spat and tossed a blade through the air toward me. I caught it effortlessly and sheathed it as the remaining demons disappeared from sight. "What now?" she asked, glaring at me.
"I want you all on the medical floor," I said. "Now." Taking Trynnadon by the arm, I hauled him to his feet and teleported.
As we appeared in the medical wing of the HQ, Trynnadon cursed and went straight for the blood. A moment later, Brynna followed by a dozen hunters appeared around me. Outside the opened door that led out into the hall, Sarisa appeared, Sergei close to her side. I inwardly smiled. He wasn't going to let her out of his sight any time soon. "Sarisa, I don't expect you to be here." She scowled and shook her head, stepping into the dimly lit room. I looked to Sergei, who shrugged. I tried to get her to rest after hunting, but she won't have it, he said into my mind. Women, I silently muttered.
"Strip!" Sarisa said cheerfully. "All of you except for Sergei and Tristan." The gathering hunters looked at each other, then at her. Crossing my arms, I leaned against the wall behind me. Sarisa let out an exasperated sigh. "I'm sure we've all seen each other naked before. Now take off your clothes." With grumbles and curses flying about, they quickly stripped. "Good. That wasn't so bad, was it?" Brynna snorted and scowled at the floor. Sarisa nodded and pointed into another room, which was the bathroom. "Wash up," she ordered. "Now."
"Sven," I said as he appeared behind Sergei. "Is Sathia freed?"
"She is. She'll be here-" He stopped abruptly. "Never mind, she's here."
"That I am," the demon drawled from the hall. "Now if you please, move out of my way." Sven and Sergei stepped into the room, stepping aside for her to enter. "Good to see you again, Tristan."
I smirked. "Likewise, Sathia."
"Tell me, has your mate forgiven me as of yet?"
"As of yet," I drawled. "She hasn't forgiven any of us." She chuckled and stalked into the bathroom, stopping just inside the door. "Trust me," I said dryly.
"Shut the fuck up." Okay then, I thought and laughed softly. "One of you so much as touch a blade, I will start tearing off heads, got it?" She paused. "Damn," she muttered. "Some nice asses up in here."
"I don't swing that way, demon," Brynna drawled. "But thanks."
"You just want to be gutted, don't you, hunter?"
"Bring it."
"Enough!" I snapped. "Brynna, if you do not want to bleed ichor and screaming in pain, mind your tongue."
"Asshole," she muttered but said no more. Sathia gave me a pout before stepping further into the bathroom. The sound of showers turning on suddenly filled the room, and I walked over to Sarisa, who was shifting from one foot to another. I rested a hand on her shoulder, and she straightened, favoring her left leg. Cupping her chin, I stared deeply into her dark red eyes.
"Is she safe to be around?" she asked, low enough for only me to hear.
I chuckle. "No," I said. "But she is one of the demons we can trust." I glanced toward the bathroom and shrugged. "You'll be fine as long as you don't provoke her, like Brynna was doing." She nodded and grimaced. "Your leg still pains you, does it not?" From the doorway, Sergei sighed. "Are you blocking Sergei from feeling you?"
"No," she lied, and I scowled at the bitter taste at the back of my throat. She sighed. "I'm fine." Sighing, I led her to a chair and gently pushed her into it. Crouching in front of her, I pulled up her pant leg and stared at the bullet wound. The puckered, angry-looking red wound was stark against the paleness of her skin.
"Why have you not completely healed yourself?"
"I have."
I glared at her. "You know full well what I mean."
She shrugged. "Perhaps I'm keeping it as a memento." Her leg twitched as I made a move to touch it. I paused, a hair's breadth from connecting. She slapped my hand away and covered the wound with her own. White light seeped from between her fingers as she healed herself. When she was done, it looked like she hadn't been shot at all, apart for the occasional twitching of her leg.
"She has healing magic?" Trynnadon asked in surprise.
"I do, and I'm proud of it, thank you very much." She hesitated. "I'm sorry about your friend," she said quietly. He nodded, and then let out a gasp. Callan is dead! Donnica mentally shrieked. Oh my god, someone help me. 
"Watch him," I snarled and teleported. Ignoring the cold burning sensation that redoubled upon another death of a vampire, I streaked across the sky. Within seconds, I was directly behind the fucking imp who was aiming a gun at Donnica. A fucking imp was shooting vampires? a stupid god damn shit for nothing fucking imp no less, was shooting my vampires. A fucking. Imp! With a snarl, I snatched the son of a bitch by its pointy horn and spun it around to face me. Glowing red surprised eyes met mine, and he squeaked. My other hand shot out, yanking the gun from his hands. Jailyn! I silently snarled. A moment later, the necromancer was flying through the air beside me. At the sight of her, the imp let out a squeal. Xorik appeared in front of us, and his ass was practically bouncing in midair.
"Bad imp," he squeaked. "Bad, bad imp," he said again and slapped the one I was holding. "Can I kill him, Jailyn? Pretty please?" Donnica flew to my other side, and she glanced nervously at the gun in my hand. Xorik finally looked at me when Jailyn remained silent. "Can I kill him, Tristan? Pretty please?" Flicking the safety on, I pocketed the gun. Then I grabbed my imp around his neck and squeezed hard. As the imp clawed my arms to shreds, I teleported once again, taking Jailyn, Xorik, and Donnica with me.
The moment we appeared back in the HQ's basement, I tossed my imp across the room. His skull made a lovely resounding crack as it smacked hard against the wall. Jailyn, the icy cold of death magic rolling off her in waves, stepped up beside me and offered her wrist. I took it and buried my fangs in deep. Her hot blood slid down my throat, cooling like ice in my veins. After several more pulls, I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and licked the punctured holes close. Jailyn stepped back, as shadows writhed in agitation behind her. Xorik let out a squeak and clutched at my pants, as if I was going to protect his ass from Jailyn's wrath.
"Go," she finally growled, sounding very demon-like herself at the moment. "And do not return until I summon you." With one last glanced at the unconscious imp across the room, he leapt away from me and disappeared in a flash of fire and the smell of sulfur. Jailyn took in several deep breaths before nodding to me. "You can go, too," she said in a more normal tone. "I'll let you know what I find." Nodding, I put my hand on Donnica's arm and teleported back to the medical floor. Trynnadon was a blur as he lunged for Donnica, grabbing her and looking her up and down.
"I'm okay, Tryn," she said and tried to pull away from him. He growled and dragged her into the bathroom, Sarisa following in their wake.
"Your hunters are clear," Sathia said, stepping from the bathroom. "And your protectors," she said dryly. "But of course, it doesn't hurt to wash up? just to make sure." Casiar suddenly appeared beside me, a cursing Ari with him.
"I don't mean to be rude," the necromancer said dryly. "But keep your mate away from me. She won't stop asking me who died."
"Did you tell her?"
"No!" Ari all but yelled. "I swear if one of you doesn't tell me, I'm going to Jailyn or Riordan."
Casiar cleared his throat. "Jailyn is out." She frowned. "If you value having your skin intact? she's currently and most certainly and slowly killing the imp oh so painfully and very slowly."
"Oh," Ari said, grumbling. She scowled at me expectantly and I sighed.
"James and Callan." Casiar rubbed his chest and grimaced. "Tell me about it," I muttered and groaned. "I think I'm going to call a Council meeting."
Casiar nodded. "I'll let Jailyn know."
"Council of all," I said.
"Well, fuck me," he muttered. "Let's hope there's no bloodshed this time. The first couple of times, as I recall, didn't go so well."
"Sathia," I said, glancing at the demon. "Can you get word to Dezmordai?"
She nodded. "I can. When will the meeting start? And where?"
"In an hour and under the Night Life Bar."
"You got it," she said and was gone.
"Can we sit in on the meeting?" Donnica asked.
"Yes, can we?" Ari agreed.
"No," I growled.
"But," Ari spluttered as Donnica grumbled. You cannot be in the meeting, but you can hear everything I hear, I silently said to her. "Fine," she said grudgingly. Reaching out, I put a hand on Casiar and led him from the room and down the hall. I dropped my hand from him as I felt a presence behind me.
"So," Sarisa said with a heavy sigh. I glanced back at her to find her limping slightly. Fuck, I silently growled. If that limp was permanent? and I bet it was, she would have to retire from being a hunter or fight me to stay if she so chooses. If she picked the former, she'd be the first hunter ever to drop from her rank. "I don't suppose I could be in on this meeting, can I?" You know, Casiar drawled in my mind. That wouldn't be a bad idea, having her there. Hey, I mentally said sharply. She's not a tool, you know. He grimaced. I didn't mean it like that, and besides, she wouldn't see it like that. Sarisa cleared her throat. "I'm still here," she sang. "And if you're talking about me, you can speak where I can hear you." I chuckled and glared at Casiar.
"You have a point, Risa," Evelyn said as we stepped through another door. "Tell them."
"Oh, I always have a point." She tapped a cool finger on my arm. "So can I, and why is it every time I see you, you're covered in blood?" I glanced down at myself and grimaced. Sarisa picked at the dried blood, peeling it off like peeling away paint.
"Yes," I said with a sigh. "You can, but you will cloak your presence from the room."
"Very well, I can do that."
"And you better talk to Sergei."
She sighed. "I will." She frowned. "Will he be there?"
"He will be." Stopping at the table, I stared up at the ceiling. Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out the gun and set it on the table. "I need to clean up," I said and nodded to the gun. "Be careful with that. If anyone else get so much as a drop of demon blood or dies today, I'm going to call an all-out war. And," I growled. "It won't be just demons that came through the gate." They all of course, stared at me.
"You're serious," Casiar said and winced.
"Deadly," I growled and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifteen

DAVINA

"Skyler," I said in surprise as I stepped into my office. "What can I do for you?" The vampire was sitting on the edge of my desk, staring out the window. She stood up, frowning as she turned to face me.
"Can you teach me magic?" she blurted out.
I smirked. "I was wondering when you were going to come to me," I said. "What does your sire have to say about this?"
She scowled. "Does she have to know everything that I do?" she asked grumpily.
"No, but sires tend to be very protective of their children."
"Not all," she muttered.
"Most," I said. "And Ari is one of the protective ones. If so much as a scratch appears anywhere on your body, she'll kill me. And if I remember right, she likes to torture her victims before killing them."
Skyler yelped. "She does?"
"She might have backed off on the torturing part, but trust me, she can get back into it as easy as ripping out a rogue's heart."
"Okay," she squeaked. "Remind me not to piss her off." I laughed softly and closed the door behind me with a snap. "But I don't think she will mind if I learn magic."
I nodded as I sat down in my chair. "Nice eyes by the way."
She Blinked. "Huh?"
"It's bright red. It's very rare that I see a vampire well fed."
"Oh," she said and blushed. "I figure you didn't want me attacking you the moment you stepped through the door."
"You figured right," I said and studied her intently. "Just you?"
She shifted nervously. "Well, I was thinking of rounding up the others."
I nodded. "You do that, and the next time you come to see me, bring them along." She nodded. "Right now though, I have a fun Council meeting to attend to."
"A Council meeting?"
"Tristan has called for a Council meeting of all races."
"Uh? is that such a good idea?"
"No," I said with a sigh. "But it must be done every now and then."
She nodded. "Do me a huge favor and don't die." I laughed as she headed for my window. It silently opened on its own, and she flew through it. Hovering in midair, she turned to look back at me. "Amaris is out here," she said and flew backward. A second later, a small, black-furred wet wolf jumped through the window, landing with a thump on the carpeted floor. Shaking droplets of water from her fur, she stalked over to me and jumped onto the desk.
"Where did you come from?" I asked, scowling at her.
"She says she went for a swim." I snorted. Skyler waved before launching herself into the night sky. Amaris let out a woof and jumped back onto the floor. She shifted to human and scowling, she looked up at me.
"What?" I asked. "What did I do now?"
"Can I go to the meeting with you?"
"Sorry, but you can't." She pouted. "No one but the Council members and their guards are allowed."
She frowned. "Who's going with you?"
"I'll have Rokell with me." I pointed to the bag around her left wrist. "Now get dress. Carolyn will be here in just a minute." She nodded and went into the small bathroom that was attached to the office. There was a knock at the door before it opened to reveal a blonde witch with green eyes. In her hand was a silver ring with a bloodstone embedded in the center. She came in, and I held out my hand.
"You good to go?" she asked as she dropped the ring onto my palm.
I nodded, slipping the ring onto my left pinky. "I will be just as soon as my daughter gets here," I said and looked at the ring on my right pinky. This one was also silver, but instead of a bloodstone embedded in it, it was a black opalescent stone. I glanced at Amaris as she came out. "Amaris," I said. "Come here for a moment." The little shifter came over, and I pulled her onto my lap. "Can you smell my blood?" I asked. Without any warning, she pressed her nose against my neck. I squirmed, resisting the urge to push her away from me. She sniffed me, and then pause, only to sniff me again. She did this for several more seconds before pulling back, frowning. "I'm going to take that as a good sign," I said and ruffled her hair.
"I don't smell anything," she said.
I nodded. "You're not supposed to." I pointed to Rokell. "How about her?"
"Why are you covering your scent?"
"Because we witches smell like an all-you-can-eat buffet to the vampires."
She nodded and slipped off my lap and walked over to Rokell, her nose twitching as she sniffed the air. "Nothing from you too." Rokell nodded as I got up and put on my heavy ass black winter coat.
"Carolyn is here," Amaris said and bounded out the door. Shaking my head, I followed her out, Rokell a step behind me.
"Your car or mine?" Rokell asked.
I shrugged as we stepped into the garage. "Let's take mine."
"Caro!" the shifter exclaimed and launched herself at my daughter.
"Whoa there," Carolyn said, laughing as she caught the little girl. "Hi, mom, Rokell."
"Hi yourself," I said and hugged her as Rokell nodded a greeting and got into the passenger side of my black Porsh. I patted Amaris on the head. "And you, you be a good girl." She nodded. "I made you steaks. They're in the fridge. You can just warm them up." She again nodded. I stepped back and headed for the car. "If anything happens, you call me," I said to Carolyn as she followed me.
"Will do," she said as I got in, Closing the door and buckling myself in. Carolyn tapped on the window, and I started up the car to roll it down. "Be careful," she said firmly. "And for god sake, don't piss Tristan off. You know how many times you came close to almost dying?"
"I can't promise you anything. I just hate that guy."
"Yes, and he hates you too. He won't hesitate in killing you."
Rokell laughed. "Don't worry, Carolyn, I'll make sure that she behaves herself." Grumbling, she nodded and stepped back.
"I'll see you soon," I said and rolled up the window. As Amaris waved good-bye, I backed up out of the garage and onto the street.
The new headquarter was located in Redding, California, and it took a little while to drive out there. The car ride was silent, and I dreaded the upcoming meeting. I really did hope that no blood would be spilled this night. "Are you ready?" I muttered.
"As ready as I'll ever be," Rokell said and shrugged. "But if I get bitten again, I'm never guarding your back."
I sighed. "Fine, fine, fine, I'll be on my best behavior."
"You better be, because those vampire bites aren't love bites."
"How do you know what a love bite feels like? Is there something you're not telling me?"
She snorted. "If I ever date a vampire, you'll be the first to know." I smirked as I turned onto a narrow dirt road. "Where the hell do we park?" In answer to her question, a female vampire appeared from the shadows. She gestured us forward onto another turn-off. I followed her lead and came to a hidden road. At her nod, I put the car into park before shutting it off and getting out.
"You must be Davina," she said, pushing her blonde hair from her face. I nodded. "I'm Elena." She nodded to the thick forest up ahead. "If you please, follow me." Rokell and I exchanged a nervous look before following her into the darkness.
"Are you a hunter?" Rokell asked.
"No, but there are many of them out here. So do not try anything stupid," she warned. She didn't need to give the warning; the moment I stepped from the car, the back of my neck began to tingle.
"Wasn't planning on it," I muttered. She led us through a freaking maze. I had no idea where we were going, and that was very unnerving within itself. We finally broke into a clearing, and I could barely make out the huge ass building up ahead. The building itself was white, and there were no windows. It looked harmless to any others, but the closer we got, my skin began to crawl with awareness-the awareness of danger within those walls. Elena stopped at the closed door, where two hunters stood guard.
"Davina and her companion," she said to one of them. One of them nodded, and they stepped aside, the heavy steel door opening on its own. We stepped into a wide opened space, and I blinked, looking around. It was dimly lit, and no vampires but Elena seem to be around. The window leading to another room on the far-right corner had no one behind it. "The door is to the left of the window," Elena said and led us to it. Like everything else here, the door was white. She opened it and led us through. In here, the floor was covered with a dark blue carpet and branching off from the room was a huge kitchen and what looked like a communal bathroom. There were also several comfortable-looking chairs and tables here. Elena stopped before an elevator and hit the down button, and I realized that there was no up button. We stepped inside, and she hit L for lounge.
"How long ago was this built?" I asked just to break the silence. I heard a click and what sounded like a speaker coming online.
"Centuries ago," a low voice growled, and it wasn't a voice I recognized. "Elena, no problems?" She shook her head, and I looked up to find cameras. "Very well," he said, and my stomach dropped as the elevator suddenly jolted into action and shot downward.
"Shit," I gasped, steadying myself with a hand on the wall. "Have you guys heard of a fucking warning?" I asked as my heart hammered against my chest.
"Seriously," Rokell muttered. Elena shrugged as the doors opened with two loud dings. We stepped out, and we stopped at the sight of Jordana on the floor with six bunny rabbits, and these weren't stuffed toys. She didn't look up as we stood there, watching her. Not even when the elevator closed behind us with a single loud ding.
"This little bunny went to the bushes," Jordana said to herself and poked one of them. "This little bunny went to the river," she continued, poking a second one. "This little bunny got lost. This little bunny went for a hop. This Little bunny went to heaven, and this little bunny went to hell." Giggling, she picked up the sixth bunny, and I let out a yelp as she bit off its head.
"She did not," Rokell gasped in shock and horror. "She did not just bite that poor little bunny's head off."
"Crunchy," Jordana said with a sigh, and then spat the entire thing out.
"Jordana," Liana called from across the room. She stepped through a door and flashed to Jordana's side. "That is enough."
The not-so-there vampire held up the bloody, headless rabbit. "Bunny?"
Liana sighed. "No, put down the bunny." When Jordana didn't put it down, Liana cursed. "Now!" she said sharply. Jordana blinked and stared blankly up at her. "Now," Liana repeated. Slowly, Jordana released the bunny, letting it fall onto the floor in front of her. Jordana frowned, her gaze slightly focused.
"Poor animal," she said and stroked the one on the far left. "I ate your friend."
"Jesric," Liana called. "Please? I have to go." She turned to us and nodded to Elena. "I'll take it from here." She gestured us forward, Rokell still grumbling about the bunny. "This way," Liana said and led us through the door she came in from. "I'm sorry about that. She is not in her right frame of mind tonight." I shuddered, nodding as she led us down a flight of stairs. We stopped at a landing as several hooded figures appeared out of thin air. One of the figures nodded to Liana, who pulled on her own hood.
"Oh, come on," I said. "Now I don't know who is who. There are ten of you, and I know that five of you are hunters because of the red skull on your cape thing." I sighed. "Are we going to be outside at all?" One of them shook their heads. "Can we leave our coats here, then?" One of them grunted and held out a pale hand. I shrugged out of my coat and handed it over. Rokell did the same, and a second later, our stuff disappeared. The same hand reached out and lightly touched my shoulder. I put my own hand on Rokell, and everything went dark.
Under the Night Life Bar was nothing special. All that was down here were storage rooms and an empty large room with nothing but a large round table with several chairs. We headed for the large one, and my stomach did summersaults as we entered. There was nothing but silence as we made our way to the table. Six people were already there, and I inwardly shivered as I pulled a chair and sat. Rokell stood behind me, alert and ready for anything. I looked to Dezmordai, who was crouched at one end of the table, his glowing red eyes missing nothing. The demon was huge, about twenty feet tall with pitched black scales, lightening to a purplish color at his stomach. His curved horns were a glistening yellow color, his ears folded back like a dog. The tail, spiked and oozing something white, was wrapped around him, the end tapering off into a sharp tip. He also had twelve arms, his hands ending with three long barb-like fingers. His legs were as thick as tree trunks, and his feet were cloven with three spike-like things protruding from them and dripping something green. I did not want him kicking me any time soon, even accidentally. Behind him was an Ahzeeki demon, and he was in human form with spiked black hair and wearing sunglasses that hid his red eyes. All around me, the five Vampiric Council members took their seats-a hunter standing behind each one of them. The silence stretched on. So long that I wondered if we were just going to just sit here and look ominous. When it was clear that no one was going to get the ball rolling, I loudly cleared my throat. "So," I said conversationally. "How is everyone tonight?" They all turned to me and glared. While I couldn't see the vampires, I could feel their glares. "What?" I said defensively. "If no one starts the meeting, we're never getting out of here."
"She has a point," Dezmordai hissed. "So Tristan," he lisped. "Why have you called for this meeting?"
"Can you guess?" Tristan asked dryly.
"I can, but tell us anyways."
He sighed. "What do your demons want with my vampires?"
"No idea. No one is talking."
"What about the gates?"
"I know that one of them is partially opened, allowing my demons through, and before you ask, I'm not doing anything about it, because I can't close it, and I have no idea where the gate is located."
"I know some of my witches are involved," I said with a sigh.
Dezmordai tilted his head in acknowledgement. "And I know that the necromancers are involved as well, because the gates cannot be opened without them."
"One of your demons made a deal with a necromancer," Jailyn stated.
"Yes."
"An arc demon perhaps, since I doubt a single necromancer can summon one unless he or she is powerful enough to do so."
"Perhaps."
"They are just not picking off the vampires," Tavia spoke up from across from me.
"Oh?" Evelyn asked.
"My sister saw an imp shooting Arius last night. He died instantly."
"Silver bullet?" Taylor asked.
She nodded. "And it wasn't infused with demon blood."
A cold chill came over me, and I leaned forward. "You're saying the demons might come after the witches next?" I asked. They all shrugged, and I scowled, leaning back with a curse.
"How many of your vampires have my kin killed?" Dezmordai asked.
"Two," Tristan growled. "And severely wounded one."
"I would say I'm sorry on behalf of my demons, but we all here know that I am not." Suddenly the room was filled with low growls, and Rokell put a hand on my shoulder, preparing to shove me out of my chair. The temperature dropped several degrees, and I shivered. Shit, I thought, I should've kept my coat with me. Dezmordai raised a hand, and I let out a squeak as I saw what looked like a sucker in the middle of his palm. "Hey, if I said I was sorry, I'd be lying. Now calm your asses for a moment." He slapped the table, and when he lifted his hand, I almost let out a scream as what looked like a long white worm squirmed toward me. I shoved my chair back, forcing Rokell to step back.
"If that worm touches me, I am going to scream," I warned.
"It's not a worm," the demon hissed, laughing and picking the thing up. "She's a friendly one. Her name is Snowball," he finished and held the thing out to me. "She wants you to pet her." Stifling a scream, I jerked back, knocking my chair over and hitting the floor hard. Dezmordai cackled, and I glared at the vampires and the shifters, none of them coming to my help. Scrambling to my feet, I glared at the demon. "You don't like my new friend I brought, just for this meeting?"
"Whenever you are done with your little entertainment," Tristan drawled. "Please, do let us know."
"Indeed, I will," he said and threw the thing at me. I screamed and ducked, shoving Rokell into a hunter. Rokell let out a gasp, and I spun around, stifling another scream as I watched the thing grew in size and mass.
"Oh my god," I said, on the verge of hyperventilating. It was white, slimy, and it had no eyes. "Why is it always me?"
"Because you're easy to read," Dezmordai said conversationally. "I know your worse fears, and it's not the worm." Whether it was the sound of my heart slamming against my chest, or the smell of my fear, the vampires shifted, even the hunters. I picked up my chair and threw it at the thing. It made a squishing sound on impact. It went halfway in before popping back out and crashing to the floor. I willed a fireball into my hand, silently chanting as I threw it. It didn't even hurt the thing. It looked like the thing absorbed the fire into itself.
"That's enough!" I yelled and tossed a fireball at Dezmordai, who opened his mouth and swallowed it whole. Then he let out a sigh.
"You are no fun, witch," he said as the thing reverted back to earthworm size. It flew through the air and to his hand before squirming back into the sucker-like thing.
"Can we wrap up the meeting now?" Jailyn asked dryly. Dezmordai shrugged. She sighed. "So, if any of you guys hear anything. We would appreciate if you send word of it, we'll do likewise. Are we in agreement?" There were nods all around, although, mine was more of a jerky headshake than a nod. One of the hooded figures turned to look at me.
"That was supposed to be a nod," I mumbled, still panting. The hooded figure, Jailyn, nodded. Dezmordai rose slightly, grunting as his head hit the ceiling. The Ahzeeki demon put a hand on one of Dezmordai's arms as a huge spinning vortex appeared behind them. Before the vortex sucked them in, Dezmordai bowed to me, cackling.
"It was nice to see you again, witch. Perhaps next time, you'll like my new friend." With that, the two demons were gone, the vortex closing with a soft pop.
"Breathe," Rokell whispered in my ear. "Just breathe."
"Easier for you to say," I muttered and took in a deep breath. The two shifters stood up and headed for the door, their two guards behind them. With a nod to the vampires, they exited the room. "I don't want to fucking know what that worm was," I said.
"Good," said Jailyn. "Because you don't want to know."
"Now I need to check on my witches," I said. One of the hooded figures nodded before everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Sixteen

SARISA

Back at the Vampiric Council Headquarter, the Council members and the hunters pulled off their hoods. I blinked, surprised to see that Sven wasn't one of them. Instead, there was a blonde female hunter, her pale hand on Tristan's shoulder. "Well," I said, dropping the shadows and uncloaking myself. "That was uneventful." Sergei tightened his hold around me and muttered something I couldn't make out. "Where is Sven?" I asked as Ari came around the corner and to Tristan's side. She whispered thanks to the unknown female hunter, who nodded and stepped back. They shook hands in a nice-to-meet-you sort of way before the hunter slipped into the shadows and was gone.
"I just saw Sven as I came in," Ari said to me. I nodded as I saw him down the hall, Jordana at his side. Liana gave him a questioning look, and he let out a sigh, stopping next to her. She arched an eyebrow.
"She didn't eat anymore bunnies," he muttered. At that, we all turned to stare at Jordana. "I'll tell you the story later," Liana muttered. Chuckling, Brynna and Cole broke from the group and strode down the hall in opposite direction from each other.
"Well," Elijah said dryly. "Where do we start looking for the gate? I wonder."
"Fuck if I know," I muttered. Then we all looked at Jailyn, who put up her hands and backed up a step.
"Hey," she said. "Do I look like I go around spying on unsuspecting people?" She punched Tristan in the jaw as he opened his mouth to speak. "Not a word, jackass."
"I take offense," Ari said in mock outrage.
"Sorry, dearest Ari, but he needs a punch or two in the face every now and then."
"Hey!" she spluttered. I couldn't help it; I smiled and shook my head at them.
"Cat fight later," Elijah drawled.
"Speaking of cat," Tristan said dryly. This time, it was Elijah who punched him? or tried to. Ari's hand was a blur as she caught his wrist before it could connect. Damn, I thought silently. She could move fucking fast as hell, almost as fast as a Tronis. Tristan sighed, shaking his head and rubbing his temples before taking Ari's hand in his and pulling her into his arms.
"If you guys want to punch something," Ari said, exasperated. "There are several punching bags in the sparring room."
"The thing is," Skyler said from behind me. "A punching bag doesn't fight back. I mean it swings around to smack you yeah, but it is so not the same."
Ari scowled at her. "You know what? I disown you, Skyler."
"Cool," she said, stopping in front of her sire.
"Children," Ari muttered.
"Wait, can you actually un-sire me? Or um, break the bond? I definitely don't want to, but I'm just curious."
Jailyn groaned. "Don't you guys ever read? I know you are told all this when you're turned, but come on, some sires have short term memory."
"Like you?" Elijah asked.
"No," Ari said loudly before Jailyn could react. "The bond cannot be broken." She paused, and I frowned as Sven, Liana, and Tristan gave her a warning look. She cleared her throat. "The bond can only be broken if I suddenly fall over dead right this second." Skyler nodded, but she didn't miss the warning looks Ari got.
"So Ari, will you get mad if I practice magic with Davina? I'm thinking of dragging Ryah, Ashley, Peyton, Corinne, Lily, Jane, and her pain in my fucking ass of a sister Alyssa along."
"Alyssa is being a pain in the ass?"
"Yes!" she exclaimed. "That bitch doesn't even read the fucking labels on the lockers today. You know which locker she opened? She opened the one with fucking explosives in it. I mean, a fucking grenade rolled out. What the hell! She wants to blow up these headquarters and start another wildfire?" I could see steam pouring from her ears by this point, and she wasn't done. "She says school is over so there is no point to reading at all. Did her mama not read to her when she was a baby? Damn, now I'm sounding like a hillbilly. Anyways, Alyssa is allergic to reading. Kira is addicted to chocolate like a crack head needing a fucking fix every minute or fall over dead. What's next? Corinne is going to start singing the ABC's every time she teleports?" She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Okay, I'm done? for now." There was a heartbeat of silence, and then there was a round of applause.
"Hot damn, girl," Evelyn said as Skyler flushed bright red with embarrassment. Jordana, who I completely forgot about, sidled up to Skyler and pulled her into a hug.
"Ranting is healthy," Jordana said cheerfully. "Very, very healthy." Ari pulled away from Tristan and wrapped her arms around both Skyler and Jordana, laughing under her breath. She whispered something to Skyler, low enough for only her to hear. A moment later, Skyler nodded and with effort, extracted herself from between her sire and Jordana.
"On a more serious note," said Jailyn. "I'll see what my demons can dig up and pass it on."
"If you allow me to eat necromancer brains," said Jordana. "I can help," she finished hopefully.
"I will think about it. How does that sound?" Jailyn asked. Jordana grumbled something but nodded. "Eve, Tay, can I see you both in my office?" Evelyn and Taylor nodded and disappeared into thin air.
"Sergei, Sven, Liana, my office," said Tristan. Sergei gave me a peck on the cheek and stepped back, dropping his arms from around me. A second later, all four were gone, leaving me with Ari, Jordana, Skyler, Jailyn, and Elijah. I winced as a twinge of pain shot up my right leg, and I resisted the urge to bent down and rub the invisible bullet wound. That area might have been numb earlier, but it sure as hell wasn't now.
"I will be outside," Elijah said and was gone.
"Ari, Jordana, Sarisa, Sky, you up for patrolling?"
"Sure," I said. "Is it kill-on-sight?"
"Rogues, yes. Demons, you call out immediately." Ari nodded and gestured me to her. I stepped to her side, and she put a hand on my shoulder. "Come up with possible locations for a gate while you're at it. A gate can be an actual gate, a doorway, a rip in space, a mirror, a fucking reflection in a pool."
"Great," Ari said, glowering. "That narrows it down to what, a million possibilities?"
Jailyn smirked. "Exactly."
"I want this gate sealed, and I want it sealed yesterday." Ari Nodded, and then everything went dark.
Outside at the huge clearing, Jordana peered at the white, plain building that was the headquarters. "We need to paint it to something else," she muttered.
"Do I want to know what color?" Skyler asked.
"Pink and the roof blue." Skyler looked horrified, and I chuckled, stepping back from Ari and looking around. Though I couldn't see them, I could sense them all around us. The clearing and the forest beyond were filled with hunters, all armed with weapons of every kind. Shit was getting Real, real fast. Natalia skipped into the clearing and straight for us. The vampire child looked around before stopping in front of Ari.
"Alexander says to tell you that the spies are in place. He says about two hundred of them have just arrived," she said excitedly and again looked around. "Where's Raina?"
"She will be here soon," Ari said and crouched so that she was eye level with the little girl.
Natalia nodded. "He also said that the rest of the hunters who are not here are keeping an eye out for demon activities. He says to tell Tristan that the rulers of Chicago, Massachusetts, and New Jersey are sending a few hunters out here to help." She took in a deep breath and continued. "And a few protectors from ten states are coming here."
Ari ruffled her hair and laughed softly. "You did great, Natalia. Thank you for telling me." The little girl nodded her head rapidly. "Now go play with Ketra. I'll see you soon." With another nod, she ran off into the trees. Shaking her head, Ari straightened and walked into the forest. Jordana, Skyler and I followed as she led us into deeper darkness.
"What is a ruler?" Skyler asked.
"A ruler is a vampire who is in charge of everything that happens in a city," said Ari. "This vampire is usually the oldest in the city and has the ability to either teleport or mass compulsion."
"Who's the ruler here?"
"Well," Ari said, frowning. "Since this is the heart of the Council, there's really isn't one."
Skyler nodded. "Are rulers handpicked by the Council?"
"Uh huh, every hundred years or so." We finally broke onto an empty stretch of road, and I grunted, resisting the urge to grab my leg and rub the pain away. Everything around us was thickly covered with fine white powder of snow, and I let out a sigh at the beauty of it. Yes, my favorite season was winter. In fact, almost all vampires love winter, probably because there were longer nights than day. For me, I had always loved the cold season, even back when I was a human. Jade dropped from the sky, landing in a silent crouch in front of us. We stopped before her as she straightened and looked to Jordana.
"Dana," she said and smirked. "Want to go hunting with me?" Jordana gave a creepy smile and nodded. "Ari, you mind?"
"Not at all," said Ari. "Take your time and have fun." Jade nodded, and with a hand on Jordana, they launched themselves into the sky.
"Speaking of hunting," Ari drawled. "You guys want to hunt rogues?" I nodded as she shook her head at Skyler. "You are just going to observe," she said to her child.
"You suck," Skyler mumbled but reluctantly nodded.
"No pun intended, of course," I said and smirked.
"Of course."
"Hmm," Ari said thoughtfully, putting a hand on my shoulder and Skyler's. A moment later, everything went dark.
"Didn't Jailyn say to patrol?" Skyler asked.
"Yes, but she didn't specifically say where." I looked around, realizing that we were back with civilization. In the distance, the thumping beat of rap could be heard from many of the passing cars. It was a few hours before dawn, and people walking their pets were still out. Drug dealers and what not were still standing on street corners dealing, and the homeless scrounging about for food or huddled inside their cardboard boxes to keep warm. "Okay," said Ari. "Skyler, you're with me. Sarisa, let me know if you need help, and I'm there." I nodded, unsheathing a blade and fading into the shadows. In case I came across a demon or two, I also unsheathed a halogen blade. It tingled on contact with my palm, and I let the magic wash over me. I frowned, slipping the two blades up my sleeves. Beside the halogen blades, we needed guns with halogen bullets or whatever this demon-killing blade was made from. Hmm, I thought as I strode down a sidewalk. I was going to bring this gun idea up to Jailyn the next time I saw her? or maybe Elijah. Grimacing, I turned into an alley, or rather, limped into the alley. With a silent groan, I crouched, and then launched myself into the air and onto the wall of the alley-my god damn fucking leg protesting, and I nearly fell off of it. I put my hands on the wall and looked down. Dark alleyways were a prime spot for a rogue attack, and I didn't have to wait long. Two rogues stepped into view, talking softly to each other. They didn't have a human with them, so I waited, following them from above as they went to wherever they were going. I flew higher into the air, rubbing my cheeks as the icy cold wind slapped them. When I saw where they were headed, I let out a silent curse. Why was it always a college campus?
"Gentlemen," I called down to them. "Going somewhere?" The two rogues stopped and looked up in my direction. I landed in a silent crouch behind them and slowly straightened. "No one other than the two security guards are out this time of the morning," I said, and they spun around to face me.
"Who the hell are you?" one of them growled.
"What do I look like to you?" I asked, exasperated.
"You look like a civilian."
"Do I?" I asked and looked down at my white sweater over a baby blue T-shirt, black sweatpants, and black and white converse. Yeah, I thought, I certainly was not in my hunting clothes, and I apparently didn't look scary enough to be considered as a hunter on sight. I didn't know if I should be offended or not.
"Yes, and there is one of you and two of us."
"And your point is? what exactly?"
"My point is," he snarled. "You can't stop us."
"Oh, really?" I asked, blinking stupidly.
"Really," he hissed, and I ducked as he threw a steel knife at me. When I straightened, I had a blade in my hand. I stepped forward, stabbing him in the chest and sucker punched his companion in the face. They both looked surprised, and the one I stabbed looked at the wound in his chest and blinked in confusion. I sent an uppercut to his friend's chin, snapping his head back.
"Looks," I growled and jerked my blade out of the first rogue. Hot blood rained down on me as I yanked him closer. "Can be very? misleading," I finished, unsheathing two deadly silver blades. Before they could recover to retaliate, I slashed the first one in the neck. He screamed, his hands automatically going for the wound and stumbling backward. I followed his movement, driving the blade deeper and deeper until his scream died off with a gurgle, and his head parted from his shoulders. Turning to the second rogue, I smiled, letting him run off. I pulled darkness around me and vanished from his sight as I followed. Dazed and blood dripping from his half-healed split lip and busted nose, he led me down several blocks before spotting a human and heading toward him. I levitated slightly off the ground and floated silently up behind him. I reached out and pressed the cold blade to his throat. He froze, gasping until that, too, was cut off as I viciously slit open his throat. I quickly sheathed both silver blades and caught him before he could fall. "Sweet dreaming," I whispered to him before tearing his head the rest of the way off with my bare hands. Dropping both head and body, I floated back before letting my feet touch ground. Since I couldn't start a fireball like some could, I reached into my pocket and took out what looked like one of those gum balls you buy from a gum ball machine, setting two of the light red balls on the ground near the dead rogue. I stepped on them, hearing them crunch and the beginning of a three-seconds timer before flashing several feet away. I watched as they ignited with a whoosh, quickly engulfing the rogue in a blazing wave of orange heat even I could feel from twenty feet away. The human let out a startled sound, and I glanced at him. The second his blue eyes met mine, he was under. "You heard nothing," I said softly into the night and into his mind. "You saw nothing. You will go home now. It is not safe out here." I gently turned him around in the direction of his home and released him. The human blinked once, twice, and shook his head before walking off. I watched him for a moment, and then ran back to the first rogue, stopping when I saw the tall female blonde hunter that was with Tristan earlier. I slowly released the shadows hiding me and just stared at her thoughtfully.
"I need to get me some of those firebombs," she said, a fireball cupped in one hand. "I keep telling myself to order a box but?" She shrugged and threw the fireball at the dead rogue. She slowly turned to face me-the orange glow of the fire bathing her, making her a silhouette against a fiery background. I walked toward her and held out my hand. As I closed in on her, my nostrils flared, taking in the scent of eucalyptus and mint. For some reason, I hadn't noticed the scent earlier. I frowned.
"I'm Sarisa," I said and swallowed a gasp as her icy cold hand wrapped around mine. A second later, pain shot through my head, as she revealed just how powerful she was. Only her hand on my arm kept me upright. She wasn't just over three, four thousand years old plus, she had magic and not just one form of magic? she had several. Her eyes briefly flashed white before reverting to pitch black. "Okay," I gasped and slowly pulled away from her. "Should I even ask who your sire is?" I asked.
She smiled, revealing her fully extended fangs. "No," she said softly, a hint of a repressed growl in her voice. "To say the least, I was his second turn of his millions to follow." She took a step away from me, the fire now gone and the rogue nothing but ashes in the wind. "I also got all of the bad that came with being turned by him, and you, dear Sarisa?" She went taut and grunted. "If you did not have a mate, I would be at your throat the moment I came upon you. You have no idea of just how hungry I am." Still reeling, I took another step away from her. She was also the most powerful witch I've met, and I have met several throughout the centuries. The hunter grunted again before relaxing slightly. She glanced around, and the temperature seemed to plummet. "I know you are there, Ari, you and your child." she said calmly. Ari stepped from the shadows, her hand tight around Skyler's arm. The hunter's eyes flickered to Skyler, who let out a squeak. The hunter made a strangled sound, and she shoved her hand into her pocket, pulling out something and tossing it at Skyler. Ari caught it, and a surprised look flashed in her eyes before she handed a silver ring with a bloodstone gem on it to Skyler.
"Put it on," Ari said quietly. "Please?" Skyler nodded and slipped the ring on, looking at it curiously. A shudder ran through the hunter as she exhaled. I finally gave up and bent to rub my aching leg.
"Bite me," I said to the hunter as I straightened. Skyler let out a gasp and stepped behind Ari. The hunter sucked in a sharp breath and went very, very still. Then she was on me. She moved so fast that I hadn't known she had moved until I felt a sharp, stinging pain at my neck-my back pressed into the cold ground, her snarl loud in my ears. I instinctively fought her, trying to get her off of me. It was like struggling against a brick wall for all the good it did me. Growling, she pulled harder on my neck, and I let out a grunt, pain radiating through my body. Damn, she was going to drain me as I all of a sudden went limp under her. Black dots danced before my vision, and as the darkness closed in on me, a name was burned into my mind. Written in red, the color of fresh spilled blood was the name 'Freya'.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seventeen

TEEROS

"You idiot!" I yelled and cursed, and then cursed some more. "Don't you know how to do anything right?" I spat and backhanded the fucking imp. "You told me that there was a vampire with healing magic, and I said to make sure she was dealt with so why didn't you shoot her when you got the chance? She was already shot once. One more good shot would have killed her."
"I was going to, but another hunter showed up," the imp lisped.
"And you didn't hide yourself?"
"I did, but she could somehow see through it. She looked right at me and smiled. She did something to knock me out."
"And when you woke up?"
"She had the gun and was reaching for me."
"And you escaped this hunter how?"
"I jumped into the abyss. She was not a necromancer so she could not follow me."
"Back to you being knocked out, how did she do it? Did she hit you over the head?" I asked sarcastically.
The imp shook his head. "She threw something at me. It exploded in my face."
I sighed. Stupid, useless imp. "Where was this hunter?"
"Fresno."
"Do you know where their new headquarter is located?"
"No."
I nodded, pulling a photograph from my pocket and showing it to him. "Do you know this vampire?"
The imp nodded. "I have seen her around. That is Skyler Henlie."
I smirked. "Find her mother and kill her. If you are successful for once, maybe I'll change my mind about reporting you to the boss."
The imp bowed. "It is done," he said and disappeared in a flash of fire and the stink of sulfur.

ZARIA

"Going somewhere?" a gentle female voice asked from behind me.
"Excuse me?" I asked and stopped on the corner of Turad Lane and Sunlin Boulevard.
"I asked if you were going somewhere."
I squinted against the bright glare of the sun and turned to look at her. "Do I look lost to you?" I asked, and then silently cursed myself for missing the fact that she was a vampire. Stupid witch, I thought to myself and scowled at her. She was wearing one of those ultra-dark sunglasses, so I couldn't even get a clue to how hungry she was. I sniffed the air. She didn't smell like weeks old trash, so she wasn't a rogue, either. She smelled like eucalyptus and mint, however, and that was totally weird coming from a vampire.
"No," she said and smiled tightly. "But you had this intense look while you were walking the streets, and it made me curious."
"I can't think while I walk?"
"You can. But you see, these are trouble times, witch. And a witch thinking very, very hard about something during these? trouble times I find is a bad combination."
"What are you trying to say?" I snapped.
She shrugged. What I am saying is that whatever you were thinking so hard about has just ended."
"And why is that?" I didn't see the move coming until it was too late. She drove her fist into my gut, doubling me over. She yanked my head back by my hair, and as I gasped for air, she shoved something into my mouth. I tried to spit whatever it was out, but she had other ideas for me. Clamping her hand over my mouth, she dragged me from view of the street. Dragging me behind a tree, she pressed me up against it. I punched, I kicked, I clawed at her, but it was no use as she trapped me with her body.
"Bite it," she said, removing her hand from my mouth. Whatever this was, it was like sticking a tiny plastic bag filled with air into your mouth and rolling it around. It was cool and didn't have a taste to it. I tried to spit, but again, her hand clamped over my mouth. "Bite it or I will make you." I reached for my magic, only to abruptly release it as a warning of oncoming pain shot through my skull. "It is a nullifying spell," she said at my wince and removed her hand. "If you try to use magic, you will only be met with pain. If you resist, the pain will increase, and eventually, you will either faint, or burst a vital vessel and die within minutes." She tapped my cheek. "Now, pop it, Zaria, or I will compel you to obey." She reached to the back of my neck and removed my compulsion necklace, pocketing it. Bitch, I silently hissed, and she smiled. Glaring at her, I popped the cellophane ball, and then choked as it exploded, filling my mouth with powder that was cold and tasted like fresh mint. Only, it had a slight bitter and burnt taste to it. The vampire once again clamped her hand over my mouth. With her free hand, she closed my nose, forcing me to swallow the powder or choke on the stuff. The world started spinning and a blanket of fog seem to settle around me. "You will be yourself in a few minutes. Just? relax and everything will be fine," she said gently into my ear as she launched us into the sky and possibly to my death as darkness closed around me.
When I awoke, it was to complete darkness. I gingerly sat up, relieved that nothing was hurting. It was so dark that I couldn't see where I was. "Hey, bitch!" I shouted. "Where have you taken me?" I stood up, and with my hands out in front of me, I slowly walked forward. I stopped when my fingers found the wall. "Anyone here?"
"I take it scary movies are not your thing," the vampire said from directly behind me. I yelped and spun around. "In those movies, there is always a scene where the victim finds him or herself in a dark place, and the first thing they do is call out. Only, they say, [Hello, anyone there?] Not, [Hey, bitch, where have you taken me.]"
I glared at her, even though I couldn't see her. "What do you want? And I can't see you." A few seconds later the light came on, and I looked up to find a single light bulb in the center of the bare room. The vampire stood across the room from me, her hands in her pockets. Her hunger filled pitched black eyes bored into mine, and I gulped.
"I want answers," she said softly. "Like everyone else, I want answers, and you are going to give them to me."
"What answers? I don't have any answers."
"That is because I have not asked you any questions yet."
"Look, whatever your name is, I hardly know anything. I'm just a witch."
"Oh, I think to differ. You will have answers for what I am about to ask you, and my name is Freya."
"Are you going to torture me?"
"That depends on you, girl."
"Will you kill me?"
"I have not made up my mind on whether I should kill you or not. Again, it all depends on you." She slowly walked toward me, stopping an arm's length away. "And know this. I will know if you are telling the truth or lying, so do not even try to deceive me." I tried to judge how old she was, but it was no use. Either she was cloaking her aura, or I was a sucky ass witch. "You understand, do you not?" I grunted and shrugged. "Would you like something to eat or drink?"
I blinked at her. "No, thanks," I said. "You'll just poison whatever you give me."
She chuckled. "Zaria," she chided gently. "If I wanted to kill you, I would have not bothered with kidnapping you."
"Fine, I'll take my chances and have tea, if you have any."
She nodded and flashed to a closed door to my right that I hadn't noticed. "Coming right up," she said, opening it and disappearing. I walked to the opened doorway and stopped. She wasn't stupid, leaving it open like this, and I put out my hand, coming up against an invisible barrier. I lightly pushed against it and yep, it was as solid as an impenetrable wall. I stepped closer and peered out into a hallway. There were several closed doors on either side, and down the right at the end was a stair leading up into darkness. Damn, I thought and went back to my spot against the wall. Where the hell was I? "You are in my home," Freya said a minute later as she reentered, the door closing with a snap behind her. In her hand was a steaming mug, and as she walked under the light, I could see that her white-blonde hair wasn't just blonde, I could see a slight blue tint in the coloring. If that was her natural hair color? I shuddered. She was a cold, cold bitch. If she turned out to be anything but, I would die of shock alone. She stopped in front of me and handed the mug along with the coaster that was underneath it.
"Thank you," I grumbled, taking it from her and gently sniffing it. I hesitantly took a sip, grimacing as the hot liquid burned my tongue. Swallowing, I grudgingly had to admit that it was good. It was mint tea with a hint of spice to it.
"Is it to your liking?" Freya asked, flashing away from me. I nodded. "Good. Now then, shall we get started? Or would you like to finish your drink in silence?" I shrugged and took a larger sip of my drink. A vampire suddenly appeared in the room, and I almost dropped the mug in surprise. Freya gestured to him. "This is my brother, Sven. He is here to stop me from going too far, before I am through with you." I gripped the handle of the mug tightly as my stomach began to churn with dread. Without a word, Sven moved to the closed door and leaned casually against it, as if settling in for a show. "So," Freya said, almost cheerful sounding. First question, where were you headed before I so rudely waylaid you from your destination?"
"I was on my way to a meeting," I said, alternating between blowing and gulping my tea.
"What meeting?"
"A coven meeting," I said, shrugging.
"What was the meeting going to be about?" I again shrugged but said nothing. "How many witches were at the meeting?"
"About twenty-five."
"Why so many of you?"
"No idea," I said with a sigh.
"What was the topic of discussion?"
"Let's see," I said thoughtfully. "What spell we're going to learn next; which of the witches still need help with a certain spell; what we're going to have for lunch during casual Friday; the normal stuff."
"I see," she said, nodding. "Who is the elder member of your coven?"
"I can't tell you that since you're not a member."
"I see," she said again, and I stiffened, draining my mug as she walked toward me. I blinked as it disappeared from my hand, and I rubbed my jeans as I began to break out in a cold sweat. "Zaria," she said and cupped my chin in her cold hand. She tilted my head until I was looking her in the eye. "I was really hoping you would be different," she continued. "But no," she said, and I finally saw a reaction from her other than calm. She bared her fangs and let out a low hiss that sounded like a coiled-up snake about to strike its victim dead. "You are just like the others. You are all the same. Why is that?" she asked as chills came over me. "One of these days, one of you is going to spill everything in an interrogation, and the world would tremble with delight."
"There's a slight problem with that," Sven said and frowned at her.
"I know," she said, not taking her eyes off of me. "You would not get to have your daily dose of bloodshed."
"Precisely." Sweat trickled down the side of my face, and was it getting hot in here? I thought with a frown. "Sorry," he said, smirking. "Please continue."
She released my chin and caged me in with her arms. "Did I mention that I hate repeating myself?" she asked me as ice formed in the pit of my stomach. "You see, witch, I have this? habit where, if I do not get the answers I am looking for, my victims tend to? feel hot for no apparent reason." I stared at her in confusion, and then frowned, because it was getting hot in here. The problem was that she and Sven weren't sweating like I was.
"What are you talking about?" I asked, my mouth suddenly going dry.
"What was the meeting going to be about?" she asked, ignoring my question and stepping back.
"I already told you," I said and sucked in a sharp breath as the temperature increased. It was so hot that sweat was now pouring from me.
"You did," she said. "But you are leaving something out. Something you are not telling me." Needle pinpricks of pain erupted all over my body and I let out a gasp. "So tell me," she said softly. "What was the main topic of discussion for this meeting?" Something deadly flashed in her eyes, and I just knew she wanted to sink those fangs into me and drain every drop of my blood.
"Why?" I asked, shuddering as the needle-like pinpricks grew a little more painful.
A low growl filled the room, and if there wasn't a wall behind me, I would have taken a step away from her. Her fangs, which were half extended before; they were now fully out, looking oh so very, very sharp. "Witch," she growled. "Have you taken a look around you these past weeks?" she all but hissed at me. Her hands shot out, and I suddenly couldn't breathe as she choked me. I clawed at her hands as she stepped in close. "Who is the necromancer in charge of opening the gate?" she whispered in my ear. She released me, and I gasped, sucking in much, much needed air.
"I have no idea," I said, gasping and leaning away from her fangs that were an inch from my ear.
She growled and jerked me back to her. "But you do know the necromancer that is in charge of your coven," she hissed. "Who is it?"
"I don't know," I spluttered. "He never told me his name."
"That is very unfortunate," she whispered and straightened, stepping away from me. I reached for my magic, but like before, warning stab of pain shot through my skull. I cursed, groaning as my skin felt like it was on fire. That fire slowly rose, a degree at a time, until I was whimpering from the pain of it. I finally looked down at myself, to see that I was red all over. Sweat continued to pour from me as I stared at Freya.
"What did you do to me?" I asked, almost in a whisper. I had a very, very bad feeling about what she had just done, and I was praying that I was wrong.
She took in a deep shuddering breath and held it before letting it out in a long sigh. "For a witch," she said calmly. "You do not know much, do you?" She grunted, shaking her head as if to clear her mind. "For one such as yourself, practicing the art of blood magic, I am surprised you have not the slightest idea of what is happening here." She smiled chillingly, and right then, I knew that I was going to die. "Whoever your mentor was, he or she did not teach you much, my young witch," she said softly, and then I screamed as blinding white-hot pain ripped through me. She wasn't hurting me physically or mentally, but magically. And if I had any doubt to whether she was also a witch or not; that doubt flew right out the window as darkness, for the second time that day, closed in on me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eighteen

SKYLER

"Damn it!" I shouted and kicked a chair across Alyssa's apartment. It crashed into the wall before crashing to the floor. Amaris, who was in the path of the flying chair, let out a squeak and leapt out of the way. She scowled at me as she walked into the kitchen and for the refrigerator. She opened it and began to rummage around for food.
"You vampires don't ever have any food," Amaris said, popping her head back out and holding a package of pepper jack cheese and a head of lettuce. She set both of these on the counter before sticking her head back into the refrigerator. "Blood," she muttered under her breath. "Blood? more blood? more blood? yes!" she exclaimed and tossed a package of turkey onto the counter. I laughed and shook my head at her.
"Do you ever stop eating?" I asked.
"Nope," the little shifter said, coming out with a bottle of mayo and slamming that, too, on the counter with the others. She slammed the refrigerator shut and looked at the two different loaves of bread on the kitchen table. One was wheat bread and the other was white. She grimaced at the wheat and grabbed the other one.
"Food stealer," Alyssa muttered and flashed into the kitchen. She snatched the loaf of bread from the shifter.
"Hey!" the little girl yelled. "Give that back! I'm starving!" Alyssa shook her head and held it out of reach. Amaris growled and stomped her feet. "Give it back," she whined. I went over to the chair I kicked and righted it before sitting. When Alyssa still held it out of reach, Amaris shifted into a wolf and jumped on her. Alyssa yelped in surprise and cursed as Amaris closed her jaw around her forearm that was holding the bread. With one paw on Alyssa's shoulder for balance, she slammed her other paw into Alyssa's wrist. Alyssa let out another curse, and I winced as I heard the sound of snapping bones. The bag of bread dropped to the floor, and Amaris went after it, snatching it with her teeth and dragging it behind the counter.
"Ow!" Alyssa yelled. "That fucking hurt!" she exclaimed and walked over to the sink. She turned on the water and washed away the blood. Amaris's small hands came into view, grabbing the turkey, cheese, lettuce, and mayo off the counter.
"Stupid vampire," the shifter muttered.
"I heard that," Alyssa said, sounding highly offended.
"You only have one cutting board?" Amaris asked, and I winced at the loud banging and slamming.
"You do?" I asked and scowled at Alyssa. "Girl, has cooking class taught you nothing?" I asked and spluttered. "Alyssa!" I snapped and glared at her as she glanced at me. "Your family is human. For fuck sake, woman, have you heard of cross-contamination?" Exasperated, I got up and paced around the living room.
"I meant to buy another one," Alyssa said defensively. "But I keep forgetting about it." There was a satisfied sigh from behind the counter, and I smiled. Happy shifter was good, angry shifter? not so much. I stopped pacing and inhaled the scent of blood and Amaris's turkey sandwich.
"Don't ever talk to me again," I said, annoyed. Alyssa snorted, rubbing her healing wrist and shutting off the tap. A cold chill suddenly washed over me, and I froze.
"Skyler?" Alyssa asked, her wrist no longer a concern. "What's wrong?"
"Something's wrong," I said, icy fingers of dread slowly forming in my stomach. "Something's very wrong."
"Is it Ari?" she asked and flashed to my side. Amaris was suddenly on my other side in wolf form, her lips peeled back from her fangs and growling low in her throat.
"No," I said, swallowing. "It's something else." Breathing deeply in and out to stave off the fear that was slowly building within me and so that my sire wouldn't come running; I walked to the front door. I opened it and stepped outside. It was still daylight out, and the foreboding feeling that something was terribly wrong grew. I looked to Amaris and Alyssa, frowning. "Can either of you feel it?"
"I don't feel anything," Alyssa said as Amaris shook her head. "Can you follow it?" I shrugged. Picking up Amaris, I launched myself into the sky.
After a few minutes in the air, I realized that I was heading in the direction of my parents' house. Fuck, I thought and flew faster. Amaris was a stiff bundle of warm fur in my arms as I flew. Within a few minutes, I was in sight of the house. I was flying low enough that I saw everything. It happened so fast that for a moment, it didn't register. My mom exited her car and went around to the front. She wasn't even two steps toward the front door when I heard a soft pop, saw a bright flash, and my mother's head exploding into the air. Her body swayed for a couple of seconds before slowly falling backward onto the hood of the car. Behind me, Alyssa let out a horrified gasp as blood and brain matter splattered onto the car and the driveway. I was so shocked that I released my hold on Amaris and tumbled from the air. Alyssa caught Amaris as I continued to fall. A few seconds later, I hit the snow hard. I blinked and blinked, unable to believe what I just saw. I didn't want to believe it. I didn't want to believe the fact that I saw my mother dying right before my very eyes. It all had to be a dream? it had to be. This was just a dream, and I was going to wake up at any second now. "Mom," I whispered as tears blurred my vision, because this wasn't a dream. It was reality, and the harsh truth of it hit me. I let out a disbelieving cry and got to my feet. Feeling numb, I walked to the car and just stared, unable to look away. Skyler? Ari yelled into my mind. What is wrong? When I didn't answer, I could feel her concerns for me increase. Tell me what's wrong, she mentally demanded. Or I am coming to you. I remained silent, unable to speak, mentally or otherwise. The air stirred around me, but I didn't turn to my sire? I couldn't. Ari appeared beside me, and when she saw what I was looking at, she stumbled back a step, in shock.
"Oh," she said breathlessly, and then her arms were around me, slowly pulling me back. I let her, not fighting her as she led me to the steps that led up to the front door. She sat on the bottom step, turning me to face her. "I am so sorry," she said softly, and I let her hold me, because I couldn't do anything else but stare into space. "Alyssa, Amaris, tell me what happened." They both came over and sat, but I didn't listen as Alyssa recounted the story for her. Seeing it was bad enough, I didn't have to hear it.
"Bridget is on the way," Tristan said softly from behind me. Ari nodded and held me closer. Tristan's hand came down on my back as I heard the distant sound of a siren. The sound cut off as it got closer. A few seconds later, I could hear Bridget's car turning into the driveway and the sound of her getting out. Amaris let out a whine and nudged my arm with her cold wet nose. Tristan's hand left my back, and I felt him moving away from me. I stirred in Ari's arms as I caught the scent of my father.
"Jt Henlie?" Bridget asked as I heard the slamming of a car door.
"Yes," Jt replied. "What is going on, officer?"
"I'm sorry? your wife has just been murdered." I pushed away from Ari, and she reluctantly released me. I walked to my dad and hugged him tightly.
"Skyler," he said, putting his arms around me and grunting. "A little too tight, sweetheart, you're hurting me." He let out another grunt as I briefly tightened my hold before loosening it.
"I'm sorry, dad," I said, holding back tears. "I wasn't fast enough. I knew something was wrong, but I didn't know it was mom."
"It's not your fault," he said, and I could feel anger rolling off of him.
"Alyssa," Bridget called. "Amaris, I need to get a statement from you both." I rested my forehead on my dad's chest as Ari and Tristan walked over to us. Before I could lose it completely, I straightened and stepped back.
"Dad," I said and gestured to Ari who stopped beside me. "This is er?" I scowled. "Ariella Stanton. She's my uh?"
"I'm her sire," Ari said, holding out her hand. "I'm the one who turned her."
"Oh," Jt said and shook her hand.
She nodded to Tristan. "And this is Tristan Tronis. He's my mate, and he's also the head of the Vampiric Council."
"Council?"
"Yes, they are the ones who lay down the laws, and we vampires have to follow said laws."
"It is nice to meet you, sir," Tristan said, a hint of a growl in his voice. "Wish it was under better circumstances but." They briefly shook hands. "The world hates us all, doesn't it?" My dad nodded. "I am sorry for your loss."
"Was it a vampire who shot her?" my dad asked and stiffened. I put my hand on his arm, partly to remind him that his own daughter was a vampire, and if he was going to magically pull out a stake? I would like a warning.
"No," Tristan said slowly.
"But it wasn't a human either," my dad said and frowned.
"No," Tristan repeated. "But whoever shot Tabitha won't have much longer to live, that I can assure you." He put up a hand, stopping my dad before he could speak.
"Jt," Ari said gently, softly. "Your wife wasn't killed by a human. Your justice system won't be able to hold him or her for long. The world your daughter is now a part of is very, very dangerous. In our world, it's kill-or-be-killed. Do you understand?" she asked quietly.
My father hesitated before nodding. "I understand." Bridget came over to us and whispered in Tristan's ear. Tristan nodded, and Bridget turned to my dad.
"Sir," she said. "The coroner and the crime scene unit will be here in a few minutes. Before they get here, I would like to ask you a few questions. If that is okay with you?"
He nodded and looked at me. "Did you see anything?" he asked. "Or heard anything?"
"No," I lied. "I was the one who found her," I finished softly, and my stomach clenched in pain, both from hunger and the grief I could feel slowly settling over me. He nodded and pulled me into a hug before stepping back and gesturing for Bridget to follow him into the house. Ari's arm came around me, and she pulled me close.
"Show me," she said softly into my ear. I didn't want to, but I did it anyways. Letting myself relive the incident, I projected what I saw and heard to my sire. When it was over, I was crying like a baby, and my face was buried in Ari's chest. Rage swirled around me, but her hand was gentle as she patted my back and said something in a language I couldn't, for the life of me, understand. "I am so sorry," she said, and I nodded, fruitlessly wiping away tears.
"Take me home," I said as I tried to hold back another sob.
"I can do that," she said softly, and everything went dark.
She didn't take me to my apartment. Instead, we appeared on the residential floor of the HQ. To be honest, this was home, my home away from home. Hell, every vampire practically lived here. "What is wrong?" The only vampire on this floor apart from me, Ari, and Tristan asked. She came up behind me and stopped. I blinked and straightened, turning in Ari's arms. The tall female vampire-most likely a hunter-looked at me curiously, waiting. She had shoulder-length white-blonde hair, and she pushed a few strands behind her left ear. "What is wrong, Skyler?" I took in a deep shuddering breath and let it out slowly.
"My mother is dead," I said and took in another deep shuddering breath. "And I saw the bullet whizzing through the air to blow her brains out."
"I am so sorry," she whispered. "I am so very sorry." Her cold hand touched my arm, and a second later, I knew why. The ground was trembling under our feet, and she was staring intently at me. "Let us sit her down," she said, and they led me to a couch. Ari turned me around and gently sat me down. The stranger crouched in front of me and took both my shaking hands into her own icy cold ones. "Breathe, Skyler," she said gently, softly. "Breathe and focus for me." I shook my head, trying to breathe through the sudden rage that came over me. "We do not want you to bring down the building," she continued. "Breathe for me, dear. Take in a deep breath and let it out slowly," she gently commanded. I did as she said, and it was hard. It was like breathing in acid. "Keep that up," she said and rose, releasing my hands. She disappeared into the kitchen as I tried to calm myself down. Whoever shot my mother dead was going to pay and fucking pay big time. "Breathe," she said from the kitchen, a note of a warning in her voice. "Just? breathe."
"Freya," Ari said, shaking her head.
"Yes?"
"I am going to punch you."
"Why is that?"
"I have that god damn country song in my head? by what's her face?"
"Yes, I know the song you speak of," she said, coming out of the kitchen with a cup of blood in her hand. Ari eyed it suspiciously. Freya stopped in front of me and wrapped my trembling fingers around the hot glass. "Drink," she said softly to me. "It will make you feel better." When I didn't raise the glass to my mouth, she closed her hand around mine and forced it there. The building stopped trembling a few seconds ago, but the rage was still there, along with the grief. "Trust me. It will make you feel better." I opened my mouth and gulped down a couple of mouthfuls. The moment the hot blood settled in my stomach, a strange calmness came over me. I scowled at Freya. "Drink it all," she said and tilted the cup, forcing me to gulp down the rest of the blood. "That is a good girl," she said and smiled. She took the empty glass from my now numb fingers, and I fell back against the pillows, blinking stupidly at her as she set it on the table that was beside the couch.
"I? I am?" I said, slurring my words. "I am never? never going to? trust? you ever again."
She chuckled, stroking my cheek with a cold finger. "Sleep, little one. Let your mind be at ease for this night."
"You spiked my blood with something," I mumbled as my eyes began to slowly close. Freya only smiled, as darkness pulled me into its blissful embrace? where nothing mattered.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nineteen

ARI

Night had fallen an hour ago, and it had been fifteen minutes since Freya had put Skyler to sleep for the rest of the night. I walked down one of the many halls branching off the common area of the residential floor and followed the mournful sound of a violin to the double doors at the end. Pushing them opened, I stepped into what looked like a living room in a regular home. The doors swung shut behind me with a hiss, and I stood there in the cold, taking in the music. After about five minutes, the music ended, and I blinked as the bitch that was reality slowly returned. "Did you enjoy that?" Freya asked quietly, her eyes closed.
"I did," I said and walked over.
"It is one of my many sorrowful pieces," she said as I sat down beside her.
"How long have you been playing?"
"Since the sixteenth century when this instrument was made."
"You're very good at it."
"Thank you," she said and opened her eyes, and I inwardly cringed at the hunger I saw within them. It was a hunger I knew too well, because I have seen it in Tristan, Elijah, and Allia, but mostly Tristan. At the moment, her beast was clawing at her insides, screaming for blood. Freya set her violin and bow back in the case and slowly snapped it shut. "Why have you come here?" she asked, scooting away from me and setting the case on the floor.
"To talk," I said simply.
"What about?"
"You."
She turned to look at me, and I wanted to cry as I saw how much effort it took for her not to reach out for me. There were also tears in her eyes, and I wanted to so badly help her, but there wasn't a thing I could do-for her, for Tristan, for the rest of the Tronis-apart from allowing her to kill me, and even after that, it still wouldn't help. "Really?" she asked. "I am not that interesting, you know."
I hesitated. "Well, I like to get to know new hunters when they come to town."
"And have you spoken to every hunter here?"
"No," I said slowly. "You're the first I find interesting."
"I see." Her hands twitched, and I prayed she wasn't going to lunge for my throat. "What would you like to know?"
"When were you turned?" I asked, hoping she wouldn't slap me.
She smiled, and it was creepy. "I am fifty years younger than Sven."
"Vampire age?" She nodded. "If I'm not mistaken, you're also a witch?"
"I am. When did you figure it out?"
I smirked. "The cup of blood you gave Skyler."
"Ah," she said and chuckled. "Why did you not stop me? I saw the suspicious look you threw my way."
I shrugged. "If you were planning to hurt Skyler, my senses would've screamed at me."
"That is true enough."
"So, what magic do you practice in?"
"I am practiced in all forms of magic except necromancy. I have much knowledge in the art of death magic, though I do not practice it."
"Did you learn from Jailyn?"
"Indeed, I did. She is very gifted, that one."
I nodded in complete agreement with her. "What is your primary?"
"Blood magic," she said, and I inwardly shivered at the growl in her voice. "Now these days, I create potions, mix herbs and chemicals?" She shrugged.
"Alchemy?"
"Yes," she said and inhaled deeply. "But I still do spells and runes and whatnot."
I nodded, scooting a little farther away from her. "Did you come to California to visit?"
"No, Ari," she said, and chills skittered down my spine. "I came here to stay." She took in a deep breath and grimaced. I nodded, looking around the room. Apart from the black stuffed couch Freya and I were sitting on, there was a coffee table, and a small kitchen with a sink and a bar-sized refrigerator. The walls were painted dark blue, and the hard floor was black with a plush red rug in the center. I could feel Freya's eyes on me as I thought of what to say next. "I hear Kira approaching," she said a minute later. "I must go," she finished with a strangled sound.
I blinked in confusion. "You don't like her?"
Freya sucked in a sharp breath, her breathing becoming ragged and harsh. "It is not that I do not like her," she growled, and I stiffened. "That poor child's blood is thick with sugar, and I love sweets," she finished with a hiss that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.
"Oh, right," I said and got up slowly. Freya was a blur as one of the double doors opened. Kira let out a strangled scream, and I flashed to Freya, slamming her into the wall.
"What the hell?" Kira yelped in surprise.
"Meet your big sister," I said, grunting as I struggled to hold Freya back. "Only, she wants to drain you dry." I glared at Kira, cursing as Freya elbowed me hard in the side. "We did warn you that one day your damn chocolate addiction was going to get you killed."
"Uh," Kira squeaked and disappeared out the way she came. With a snarl, Freya turned on me. Her fangs snapped at my neck, and I put up my arm, letting out a loud curse as she clamped her mouth on my forearm. Then she suddenly let out a gasp, choking as she reeled back. She let out a scream, cursing as she writhed.
"Freya," I spluttered and crouched over her. "What's wrong?" I jerked back as her hand flashed toward me. Her eyes flickered back and forth between black and white, and I shuddered. Everything suddenly went dark, and I blinked to find that we were teleported into an empty dark room where Tristan was waiting. "You're causing her the pain," I said to him and scowled. He nodded and glanced around the room. "Are you using the sire-to-child bond thing?" He grunted as he spotted the chains along one wall. "Where are we?"
"We're in a room where she locks herself up," he said as he walked over to Freya and picked her up, carrying her to the chains. The moment the silver chain touched her, there was a blue flash before they wrapped itself around her, dragging her kicking and screaming to the wall.
"Damn," I said and let out a whistle. "You need to ask her to make you one of those," I said as Freya went limp, panting on the floor. Tristan shuddered and shook his head. I shrugged. "How does she get blood, then?"
"The blue flash alerts me," a hissing female voice said from behind me. "And I bring her food." I let out a startled yelp and turned to find an imp standing in the doorway. "I am called Rozalia," she continued and walked to Freya, who leapt off the floor and lunge for the imp. The imp squealed and blurred across the room. She would've caught the imp if the chains hadn't stopped her. "Not food, I am not food. My blood will kill you." Freya snarled, either not caring or not hearing. Rozalia looked at us and shrugged. "Since you're here, I'll let you get her food," she said and disappeared out the door.
"Okay," I said slowly. "Who was that?"
"Jailyn's imp," Tristan said with a sigh.
"Oh," I said, and then winced as Rozalia let out a shrilling shriek that nearly burst my eardrums. "What's wrong now?" I asked and grumbled.
"I don't give a flying fart!" Rozalia shrilled. "Jailyn!" The imp reappeared in the doorway. "Take me to Jailyn! Now-now-now!"
"Can't you find her and go to her yourself?" I asked. "I don't have time to look for her! Take me!" she all but squealed.
"Okay okay," I said and teleported her. "I'll? be back with a human for Freya," I said and walked out the door.

FREYA

"I have to say," Tristan said from beside me. "It's a nice change." My stomach clenched in pain, and I grunted, shifting slightly. The sound of chains met my ears, and I looked down, tears filling my eyes. Tristan moved, taking me into his arms as I tried very hard not to cry. A single tear ran down my cheek anyways, and his cool finger caught it, gently wiping it away. That only made me want to cry even more, and I took in a deep shuddering breath.
"How do you do it?" I asked as the hunger pain continues to stab at my gut. "Living like this?"
He remained silent as he held me, chains and all. "I won't say that it gets easier to control, because it doesn't. But I will say that it gets easier to deal with, if not control."
"I have isolated myself for over two thousand years and now that I am back with civilization, it is like fighting against a brick wall. And the witches, do not get me started on the witches," I said and groaned, hissing as the memory of the witches' sweet blood got my saliva surging forward to fill my mouth.
"Why did you come back?" he asked softly, stroking my arm in a soothing manner.
The chains rattled as I shrugged. "Maybe I got tired of Alaska. The only things I will miss are the long nights during the winter." All I could think about was blood. The smell of it filled my nostrils, and the sound of Tristan's heart beating was loud in my ears.
"I had wish you'd come back sooner, but you are here now, and you are welcomed to stay as long as you like. Sven will be happy to have you around."
I smiled, though it was more of a grimaced as I struggled with the urge not to turn in Tristan's arms and burying my fangs into his neck. "He comes to see me every month. Him and Liana. They have been keeping me updated as I delved deeper into my magic."
He chuckled. "That I can tell," he said dryly. "You're aura is smothered in magic."
"You say that like it is a bad thing."
"Oh, it is not. It's just that Davina will throw a tantrum when she finds out."
"Because she is the most powerful witch in California until I came to town?" I asked dryly and swallowed before I could drool all over myself.
"Yes," he said as the door opened and Ari stepped into the room, the arm where I had bitten her freed of blood and completely healed. I jerked out of Tristan's arms and lunged across the room, grunting and cursing as the chains pulled me to a stop halfway to the door. She had a male human with her, and I silently screamed as I snarled, continuing to jerk against the chains.
"Is this the female version of you?" Ari asked and smirked, directing her question at Tristan. He let out a growl and glared at her. Shaking her head, Ari looked at me, hesitating. I snapped my fangs at her. She slowly stepped toward me, and the closer she got, the human's and her blood filled my every sense. Tristan was suddenly beside Ari, taking the human from her and gently pushing her away from me. I wanted a vampire, but at the moment, I didn't care what kind of blood I was drinking. Hell, at this point, I'll even have a cat as a late night snack. I let out an anguished scream. Sadness flickered in Ari's eyes and she winced, taking another step back. The moment the human was in reach, I strained against my chains and grabbed him, yanking him to me. With another snarled, I was on him, his back slamming to the floor as I tore into his neck, practically crying inside as I gulped down the hot rushing blood. I didn't know how long I was at his throat, but the next thing I knew, my head exploded in pain, and I screamed, jerking back. I snarled as the human was quickly pulled from under me, but the pain kept me on the floor, writhing. "Shit," Ari muttered and disappeared into thin air, taking the human with her. Jailyn appeared beside Tristan, and she winced. Just as sudden as the pain came on, it was gone, and I was a trembling mess on the floor. Jailyn nodded to Tristan before coming over to me and pulling me into her arms.
"Oh, Freya," she said in that hypnotic tone that was hers alone. She turned my head until I was looking at her. "Take what you need," she said softly as I stared at the blue vein in her neck. "I offer it freely." When I didn't go for her throat, though I so badly wanted to, she put a hand on the back of my head and forced my mouth to her jugular. My hunger rose sharply, and with a snarl, I sank my fangs in deep. I greedily pulled at her neck, her hot blood cooling like ice as it coursed through me. Was all necromancer blood like this? I thought as I continued to feed. Jailyn ran her fingers through my hair and sighed. "No," she said a second later. "Only my blood has this affect." With a couple more long pulls, I reluctantly and slowly withdrew my fangs. Nuzzling her neck, I licked closed the two holes I've made. I was still hungry, but it was now a dull pang I could manage.
"I am sorry," I said and pulled out of her arms, rubbing the tears from my eyes.
"Do not be," she said gently. Tristan muttered something under his breath, and Jailyn snorted. "Because I don't like you, Tristan. Freya, I like very much. You, I hate."
"Should I be honored that the most powerful necromancer likes me over the most powerful vampire?" I asked, and the chains scraped against the floor as I moved to the wall and put my back to it. They both chuckled as Jailyn rose to her feet. I looked up at Tristan and glared at him.
"What did I do now?" he asked, glancing at Jailyn, who shrugged.
"I," I said slowly, wrapping my arms around my knees. "I will have Kira for breakfast, lunch and dinner, if you do not wean her from her addiction," I warned. Tristan inclined his head and studied me curiously. "Or, I will turn that child into a bunny rabbit and give her to Jordana." I smiled. "I have heard the story about the six poor, precious, little fluffy creatures." Jailyn grinned, and he glared at her. "Or-" Tristan put up a hand, stopping me from continuing my train of thought.
"All right," he said and growled at me. I simply growled right back, because I was deadly serious. I was going to turn that hyper, cheery vampire into a squirrel and watch her live off nuts for the rest of her existence. Though I have not interacted with the young fledgling, I've had seen her around with others and got a good idea of what she was like-friendly to all, but a fierce, fierce protector of those she loves and considered as friends. "I will tell her your threats."
"Do more than just tell," I said and got up.
He nodded, and then chuckled. "I think I see why Jailyn likes you so." I narrowed my eyes at him, and he muttered something under his breath.
"Jailyn," I said and turned to her. "I know you did not just come here to give me blood." I let out a grunt, as an invisible gale of wind punched me across the room. The only thing stopping my flight to the wall on the other side was the chains. Tristan, however, wasn't so lucky. His head struck the wall, and he was out cold. As I hit the floor, I turned my head, grunting as pain coursed through my body. The wind continued to buffet me, and it felt like I was being torn apart. Just as suddenly as the wind came, it abruptly died, and I could hear Jailyn's harsh breathing.
"Forgive me," she said calmly, but I knew she was far from it. She took in a deep breath just as a groan sounded from Tristan. "Wake up," she growled, and I bit back a smile as she kicked him. Rubbing his head and glaring at her, Tristan slowly rose and went over to the now closed door and leaned against it. Jailyn took in another deep breath, and I stiffened. "The gate is fully opened," she growled, and I could see shadows moving behind her. Red clouded my vision, and my hunger that was always with me, rose. "Which means larger demons can now escape," Jailyn finished as I slowly sat up and moved back to the wall. This time, I ran my hand along the chain, stopping where it met the wall. An inch or so from the connecting point was a rune. It was tiny-the size of a pinhead but slightly bigger. It was in the shape of an arrow in flight, and it pulsed a glowing red, swirling. A tingle ran up my arm as I pressed my finger to it. I could feel Tristan and Jailyn's eyes on me as I brought my finger to my mouth and pricked it against a fang. As blood welled and began to pool, I quickly brought it to the rune, pressing my bloody finger to it. The moment blood touched rune, it felt like my finger was being sucked into the wall. Showers of red sparks flew from the chains before they unraveled from me and dropped to the floor with a clinking sound of metal against metal. I shrugged the rest of the chains off me and got up. Without a word, I walked to the door. Tristan stepped out of my way but didn't say anything as I willed open the door and left the room. A wave of calm washed over me, settling like ice in my veins. I was going to get the name of the necromancer from Zaria, even if I have to kill her to get it.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty

JAILYN

"Do I want to know where she is going?" I asked Tristan, as he stared at the opened doorway Freya had just exited with a cold, deadly calmness about her that I could feel from across the room.
"Did you know she has a witch in her basement?" he growled, glancing at me.
I mentally blinked. "Sorry?"
He nodded. "That is where she is now."
"Huh," I said, frowning. "I would've scented another witch here."
"Not if she has the room spelled."
I nodded. "True. Would you like me to spy on her?" I asked and smirked as he glared at me. "I think I will. I'm curious to know who this necromancer is myself."
He grunted. "You do that."
"You will be doing??"
"Updating the others," he hissed and was gone.
"Well then," I said to empty air and walked out of Freya's magical cell, closing the door behind me.
I stopped, looking around the living room. There was no carpet, but there were a couple of midnight blue rugs that covered half of the cream-colored wood floor. There were a couple of black couches, a twenty-inch TV, a black recliner, and a long rectangular table with a white cloth over it. On it were several bowls of different sizes, bags and bags of different color powders, packages of seeds, roots, and herbs ranging from clovers, bloodroots, mint leaves, basil leaves, parsley leaves, rosemary and more. There were vials of multicolored liquid, and some of them contained blood-human blood, vampire blood, and even demon blood. There were also spoons of all sizes. The table was overflowing with the stuff, and I smiled. Of course, what I was seeing was just a tiny fraction of what Freya could do. Though she did not practice necromancy, she was just as deadly, just as dangerous. On a smaller table beside the couch were stacks of newspapers, a three-inch red binder, a couple of portfolios, a couple of notebooks and notepads, and a cup filled with pens, pencils, highlighters and markers. Her home was filled with the scent of herbs, and just underneath that was the scent of blood. She had also turned this entire place into a huge trap, and if I had been an intruder-whether that be a vampire, shifter, human, witch, or demon-I would've set off all kinds of nasty surprises, because all around me were runes-most of them only visible to her. To say the least, as a magic user myself, I was very proud of her, of what she had accomplished throughout her long, long life, and she did not take no for an answer, as she had proven to me three thousand some odd years ago. I walked into the kitchen, and I smirked as I came upon the same things that were out in her living room, apart from the couches and TV of course. In here, there were bundles of roots and herbs everywhere. On the stove was a kettle, and beside it on the counter was a small bowl of paprika and poppy seeds. Going to her refrigerator, I opened it to find shelves after shelves of bagged blood. There were also a couple packs containing twelve bottles of water. Closing it, I turned and stared at her white cabinets. Shaking my head, I walked to the back door and peered out into the night. Outside, as far as the eye could see, was nothing but trees. Turning, I ignored the stairs leading up to the second floor and walked down the hall, passing the guestrooms, bathrooms, and closets. At the end of the hall, I stopped before a closed door. I opened it slowly, and when no flying daggers came at me, I opened it wider and stepped through it. Willing the door to close behind me, I went down the stairs. At the bottom of the steps, I looked around the wide opened space. Following Freya's presence off to the right, I came to a stop before a wall. Praying I wasn't going to be blown into bits, I knocked on it. There was a hollow sound, and I frowned.  A few seconds later Freya appeared, seeming to step from the wall itself just a little to my right. Her hands covered in blood-the sweet scent of it filling my senses-she looked at me, her eyes glazed over. "It is an illusion." I nodded as she moved aside. I moved to where she was standing and walked into the wall-my skin tingling as I passed through it. The opened doorway was about ten feet away from me, and I walked toward it, Freya following a couple of steps behind. As we walked down another flight of stair, the door swung shut with a click. At the bottom was a long hallway, and on either side were several closed doors. "Sixth door on the left," she said as she passed me. I followed her to it, and she opened it, stepping inside. Another tingle of magic washed over me as I followed her into the room. Closing the door, I shoved my hands into my pockets and leaned against it as she walked toward the moaning witch. She was so covered in blood that I couldn't tell what color her hair was, but her hazel eyes were staring daggers at Freya.
"How long have you had her down here?" I asked.
"A couple of days," Freya hissed, and a blade suddenly appeared in her hand. "She has decided not to talk."
I nodded. "Please continue. Pretend that I am not here."
"Feel free to step in at any time," she said, putting the tip of the blade under the witch's chin and lifting her head, until they were looking each other in the eye. "Zaria," she said with a sigh. "Are you ready to talk yet?"
"Go and fuck yourself," Zaria spat as she trembled on the floor.
"Oh, I cannot really do that," she said and moved away from the witch as she began to choke and gasp for air. A second later, blood spurted from her mouth. Zaria clawed at her throat as she struggled to breathe. "Tell me!" Freya suddenly screamed, and I winced as pain stabbed at my eardrums. "Who is in charge of using your coven as puppets?" she hissed as Zaria took in a deep breath and coughed up blood. "Tell me!" The witch was suddenly yanked upright by an invisible force and held several feet off the ground. Blood dripped from her torn clothes to pool at her feet. There was an insane look in Freya's eyes, and I almost, almost stepped in to try and calm her. She stared at the blood pooling on the floor, and a starved look flickered in her pitched black eyes. The moaning, gasping witch was slowly lowered to the floor, and Freya walked toward her. "Very well," she whispered. Zaria tried to step back, but Freya's pale hands cupped her face and stared her deeply in the eyes. "I am done playing with you." Zaria's fear coated the back of my throat, and I smirked. "You know," Freya said, once again calm. "I was being very generous and leaving your deeper thoughts alone. I did not bother trying to break your defenses." She paused, stroking the witch's cheek with her thumb. Zaria struggled, but it was no use. "But you have left me with no choice." Freya smiled, and then Zaria's bloodcurdling screams filled the room. Freya slammed into the witch's mind, and this time, she didn't use magic to do it. Zaria continued to scream, as Freya flipped through her memories like flipping through a photo album. Blood poured from the witch's eyes, nose, ears and mouth. But Freya kept at it-Zaria's blood splattering all over her face and hair as she ripped the witch's mind apart, stripping her of her memories, of her essence, of who she was, until Zaria was no longer Zaria, but nothing more than an empty shell. Freya's fangs were bared, her body taut, growling as she struggled for control. I walked over to her and put my hand on her shoulder. The sound of bones being crushed filled the room as Freya's grip tightened, but the witch didn't make a sound? she couldn't.
"Finish it, Freya," I whispered in her ear as she continued to growl low in her throat. "Finish it." With an uppercut to the witch's chin that snapped her head back, Freya went for her throat with a hiss. She pulled the witch closer, snarling as she drank deeply. I stepped back, watching her as she drained the witch of the rest of her blood. When she was done, she dropped the lifeless body to the blood-coated floor and turned to me. "Are you finally full?" I asked with a smirk.
"Hardly," she said, licking the remaining blood from her lips. "But that was quite delicious."
"I bet it was," I drawled as she walked to the door and opened it. "Can I teleport out of here?"
"Yes," she said as I followed her out. "I have lifted the spell so Sven could port in, but I have not reset it yet." I nodded and teleported to her living room.
Dropping onto the recliner, I leaned back and sighed, closing my eyes. Shit was going to hell-literally, and at the moment, I just wanted to die. It would sure as hell solve all my problems. I didn't know how long I was zoned out, but the next thing I knew, a cold hand touched my arm, and I opened my eyes-Freya's unique scent of eucalyptus and mint surrounding me. She pressed a hot bag of blood into my hand, and I gratefully took it from her. "Thank you," I said and sank my fangs into the plastic bag.
"You are welcome," she said and sat on the arm of the couch. She brought her own blood bag to her fangs, and we sipped in silence-the crinkling of plastic the only sound in the room. When I was done, I glanced at the table, noticing several new bottles that were sitting on the floor next to it. She saw me looking, and she smiled. "Witch blood," she said, pulling the empty bag from her mouth. "I collected it from the floor. It is such a shame to let it go to waste." She took my empty bag from me and crumpled them up into a ball before tossing it into the trashcan that was under the table. "As for the body, I took it out back and burned it."
I nodded. "Speaking of witch, did you get a name?"
She nodded. "The necromancer's name is Teeros, and he apparently has an imp by the name of Helagias."
"The question now is. Where the fuck do we find this Teeros?"
She shrugged. "I have not the slightest idea." She frowned. "Do you know what they want?"
"I have an idea," I said slowly. "But I am not for certain."
"Do tell," she said, looking very intrigued.
"I believe the necromancer, whoever is leading this whole thing, wants to get his or her hands on a shroud. You know what shroud I speak of."
Freya let out a whistle and winced. "We cannot have that now, can we?"
"No, we can't," I said and grumbled under my breath.
"Anyone else knows about this? particular shroud?"
"Just a handful of vampires, witches, shifters?" I shrugged.
"And? who currently has the shroud now?"
"We do."
"Excellent," Freya said sarcastically. "Oh, that is just excellent. Why am I not surprised?" she finished dryly. "Should I even ask where it is being held?" I shook my head, getting to my feet and heading for the second floor. "Where are you headed?" Freya asked as she got up to follow.
"To your library, Rozalia is here."
On the second floor, I turned right and headed down the long hallway, stopping at the double doors that were at the end. I pushed them open and stepped inside. Freya's library was large, and it was probably the largest room in the entire house. It was probably also the only carpeted room as well. Midnight blue carpet covered the entire floor, and lining up the four walls were shelves after shelves filled to their capacity with books. There were large squared, rounded and rectangular tables with a dark blue cloth placed strategically throughout the room. On top of these were more books. Some of them had display cases, and locked inside of these were books she valued the most. At the far wall, in the corner of the library was a writing desk. On it were a couple of notebooks, a pen, a police scanner, and a violin case. There was a comfortable-looking chair behind the desk, and here was where the imp sat-her tail curled around her, and her wings folded up behind her back as a glowing green eye peered at us over the book she was reading. Leaning against the closest bookshelf was a guitar case, and a cold wind breezed into the room from the partially opened window as we walked over to the imp. I leaned against one of the bookshelves as Freya stopped beside the imp and gave her the look that clearly said, 'Get out of my chair or I'm going to skewer you through with a sword'. Rozalia muttered something under her breath and leapt from the chair, taking the book with her. Freya glared at the imp before slowly sitting. I gestured to the instrument cases. "Are you planning to bring your grand piano in here as well?" I asked dryly.
"No," she said with a soft chuckle. "Even if I wanted to, there is no room for it here."
I smirked and turned my attention to Rozalia. "Any news for me?" Please say yes, I thought silently.
"Not a word," my imp said, shaking her head. I growled and glared up at the ceiling, as if an answer would magically appear there. But of course, I thought with a miserable sigh. It didn't. "If I hear anything, I will come to you."
I nodded, grumbling silently as I straightened. "You do that," I said, and the imp disappeared in a flash of fire and the stink of sulfur, taking the book with her. Freya let out a low growl, her eyes flashing with annoyance. I chuckled. "Does she always do that?"
"Yes," she hissed. "And without my permission I might add."
"Does she return what she takes?"
"Yes," Freya said with a sigh.
"Very irritating, isn't it?"
She smiled. "Indeed, it is," she said and got up from her chair.
I smirked. "And what about your magic paraphernalia? I'm pretty sure you're not going to just leave them out in the open."
"I am not," she said and frowned. "But my lab is still under construction. It should be ready in a couple of days. I have already moved some of my stuff down there."
I nodded. "Well," I said. "I am off to find Sathia. I need her and Xorik to do some spying for me."
"What of Rozalia? Can she not be of help?"
"Will you allow me to take her for the time being?"
"Yes," she said, leading me to the door and out of the library. "There are several vampires who can chain me if I do not make it back to my cell." We headed downstairs and for the front door. She opened it, and I followed her out into the night. "After all, Rozalia is yours. I cannot command her as you can."
"You are correct," I said, nodding. "But Rozalia has been yours for over two thousand years, ever since I bonded her to you. Remember, I would not have done such, if she had not been willing." I chuckled. "Besides, that annoying little imp likes you."
"It is a one-sided bond, because I want to pull out her inners and strangle her with them. I even had to lock up my halogen blade to prevent myself from reaching for it and driving it through her heart."
"Oh, come now," I said. "She can't be that bad."
"Oh, I assure you that she is," she muttered. "Imps talk too much, and they are like five-year-olds high on sugar. They are so hyper they cannot sit still for ten seconds, let alone five."
"I can cut out her tongue for you if you like," I offered and laughed softly as she grimaced.
"I appreciate the offer," she said and shuddered. "But she will only find other means to further annoy me," she finished with a sigh as she closed the door. As she did so, I heard a barely audible whoosh, and it felt like I had just walked into several livewires and got the shock of my life. I grunted and shuddered as pain washed over me. The pain wasn't really painful per say, but it sure was very uncomfortable as hell. "Forgive me," Freya said, turning to me. "I should have warned you."
I shook my head, straightening and rubbing my arms, still shuddering from the effects of her wards. "Don't be," I said and pulled her into a hug. "I should have expected it." She stiffened, but after a moment, she reluctantly wrapped her arms around me, and I smirked. "I am glad that you're staying," I said softly in her ear, holding back a gasp as her hunger slammed into me. She nodded and stepped back. I dropped my arms from around her and stared up at the clear night sky. "I'll see you soon, Freya," I said as she slowly levitated herself into the air. She looked down at me and gave a sad smile before she flew off into the distance, the wind whipping her ice-blonde hair back from her face as she disappeared from my sight. Fucking hell, I thought and glared up at the sky. What a fucked-up existence we live in. To simply put it, it was just plain outright fucking sad.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-one

SVEN

"What the fuck?" I growled as I heard an explosion off into the distance.
"What was that?" Lorena hissed, tilting her head to the side and inhaling deeply. "It's coming from the direction of that witch's shop."
"Fuck!" I exclaimed and wrapped my hand around her arm. A second later, we were standing several feet from Brulia's shop, and her shop was engulfed in flames.
"Shit," Lorena breathed. From the overwhelming scent of witch blood heavy and thick in the air, I knew that Brulia was caught in the explosion, and that she had not survived it. Tongues of flame leapt high into the oncoming dawn, lighting up the area as glass and debris flew in all directions. We ducked as a flaming piece of a door came at us. It flew over our heads to land in the street, smoking as it slowly disintegrated. "They really do love to blow up things," Lorena muttered under her breath. My hand still around her arm, I teleported us a safe distance away from the flying debris. Grimacing, I pulled out my phone and reluctantly hit a name in my list of contacts.
"I swear to god," Bridget mumbled sleepily in my ear. "If this is not an emergency, I'm going to cut off your testicles and feed them to you."
I winced as Lorena smirked. "Please don't," I said. "I beg of you."
Bridget let out a loud, loud aggravated groan, and she actually let out a whimper. "I was working all day, and then I had to watch Arvid while Astrid pulled an all-nighter at the ER," she complained. "And he didn't go to sleep until three hours ago." Lorena and I both winced, and I felt a little bad for waking Bridget at the crack of dawn. "Do I have to get up?"
"I'm sorry for waking you," I said, and she harrumphed. "Bring little Arvid along, I'm sure Natalia and Amaris would love to have him around."
"Natalia would just eat him," she muttered.
I chuckled. "She won't, Ari will make sure that she doesn't put a fang anywhere near your nephew."
"Fine," Bridget said with a dejected sigh. "Where?"
I smirked. "I'll text you the location," I said, and she grunted, hanging up on me. I chuckled as I texted her. "She didn't even say bye to me," I muttered.
"Runs in the family," Lorena said as a couple of sirens could be heard off in the distance, and sadly, it was not Bridget. I hit send and pocketed my phone. "So, who is going to tell Tristan that there was another explosion?"
"You can," I said. "He can fry your brain for a turn." She sighed as I teleported us to HQ.
Tristan looked up from the computer screen and leaned back in his chair. He slowly put down the pen he was holding, waiting. I dropped my hand from Lorena and stepped back. There was a feather-like touch in my head, and then it was gone. To further shield my thoughts, I began to silently sing Bad Company's version of 'The Boys Are Back in Town'. This was all on Lorena, who still hadn't said a thing. I mentally kicked her, and she winced, glaring at me. When silence continued to stretch on? and on, and on, Tristan let out a sigh. "If," he said quietly, and I could hear the growl that just wanted to come out. "You don't tell me why you two smell like smoke," he warned.
"While out patrolling, we heard an explosion nearby. It was Brulia's shop, and? she didn't survive it."
"I called Bridget," I said. "So she and her partner can help with keeping the humans back." I frowned. "Is Jadianne working with the firefighter's response team today?" It wasn't really working, more of? make-sure-no-media-gets-their-fingers-on-anything.
Tristan nodded. "Her and a few others." He let out a snarl, and for a second I thought he was going to punch a hole right in the center of his computer screen. Shaking his head, he opened another window and began to type.
"Is Brynna another one of them?"
"She refuses to work with them."
"She would protect them, but she won't work with them."
"Exactly."
"Davina is going to be pissed as fuck."
"Understatement of the year," Lorena muttered.
"And? Jesric has found Callan's body."
Tristan nodded. "I will send word to Trynnadon," he growled.
"Well," I said. "I'm off to get the baby from Bridget. She should be at the scene by now." He grunted. "Lorena, you coming?"
"She must feed before she leaves."
"Oh." I nodded. "Whenever you want to join me, just shout," I said and teleported.
Appearing on the street a couple of blocks from the exploded shop, I launched myself into the sky. I flew over the fiery scene, scanning until I saw a tall, grumpy-looking blonde in police uniform holding a sleeping baby wearing a white wooly hat and wrapped in a thick light blue blanket. She looked up as I dropped down next to her and leaned against her car. She glared at me, her nose and ears red from the cold. "Are you going to say hi to me?" I drawled.
"Dra t helvete," she muttered.
I blinked at her. "Now that is just not a nice way to greet someone this early in the day." I reached out and slipped a finger under the blanket. Bridget eyed me warily as I lightly stroke the babe's cheek.
"I need coffee," she said with a heavy sigh. "Or I'm going to fall over dead within five minutes."
"Give him to me, and I'll grab you some coffee," I said as I pulled my hand back. After a moment of hesitation, she kissed the baby on the forehead before holding him out to me. I took him from her, and she watched me intently as I cradled Arvid in my arm. "Bridget," I said and reached out to lightly touch her hand in what I hope was a reassuring manner. "Nothing will happen to little Arvid. I give you my word."
"Okay," she said with another heavy sigh. She opened the driver's side door and reached inside, pulling out a large baby bag and handing it to me along with the cradle.
I smirked, taking them from her. "I'll be back with your coffee," I said and teleported. I appeared on the residential floor of HQ, and the moment Natalia saw the babe in my arms, she came running.
"Baby!" she yelled, stopping in front of me.
"Shhh," I said and silently laughed. "He's sleeping."
"Sorry," she whispered as Ari appeared from one of the halls leading to several apartments.
"Sven," Ari said and smiled. "Who do you have there?"
"I have Astrid's son, Arvid." I held him out to her. "Thought you can watch him for Bridget while she is working."
"Of course," she said, taking him from me.
"Is Amaris coming over today?" I asked as I set the cradle down on the couch.
"She is. Amanda is bringing her."
I nodded as I walked into the kitchen. "We have any strong coffee around?" I asked. "I promised Bridget I'd bring her some."
"I believe we do," Ari said, going over to one of the cabinets and opening it. She took down a container, and I watched as she made the coffee while holding Arvid. "How does she like it?"
"I? have no idea."
She laughed. "You better hope she likes it black."
I shrugged. "It will at least wake her up some." As the coffee brewed, she walked to the couch and put Arvid in his cradle. Natalia flopped down beside it, and Ari gave her a warning look.
"I won't bite him," the vampire child said with annoyance as she carefully folded back the blanket. "He's so cuuuute," she continued and poked his stomach.
"So," Ari said, walking back into the kitchen. "What happened?"
"What makes you think something is wrong?" I asked.
"Sven," she said dryly.
"Ari?"
"You smell like smoke," she said as Natalia continued to poke and talk to the sleeping baby, who stirred a couple of times but didn't wake up.
"And your point is??"
"Sven, I will slap you if you don't tell me what's going on," she warned as she poured coffee into a traveling mug.
I let out a heavy sigh. "Brulia is dead." Ari didn't say anything as she finished up. Her expression remained neutral, but oh, the rage that radiated off of her? I inwardly shuddered. Natalia glanced nervously at her before returning her attention to the baby.
"How?" Ari asked conversationally as she handed me the mug along with a couple packets of sugar and cream.
Taking them from her, I took in a deep breath. "Explosion," I said softly and got my ass out of there. An angry Ari was scary. Hell, any angry female was scary. Bridget was of course, not waiting by her car when I reappeared. By this point, the scene was crawling with humans. I looked around, spotting Bridget talking to one of the firefighters. Walking over, I silently handed her the coffee. She gratefully took it and shook her head at the packets in my hand. I nodded and pocketed them. From several yards off in the distance, Jadianne waved to me, and I flashed over to her.
"The witch is dead," Jadianne said and grimaced, glancing down at the notepad in her hand.
"I know."
"Along with four customers."
"Damn," I growled. "All witches?" She nodded. Oh, yeah, I thought grimly. Davina was going to have an aneurism all right.
"Did you inform Tristan?"
I grunted. "Are you writing up the report?"
Jadianne sighed. "I am. Once I'm done, I'll hand it over to him."
I nodded. "Who's on the lookout for media vans?"
"Nehrya, Alexander, Trent, and Jade."
"I see Jude coming our way, and he looks miserable."
Jadianne chuckled. "We rather punch a rusty spoon between someone's ribs over this boring shit any day." She sighed. "But it must be done I suppose," she muttered.
"Look on the bright side, you're being paid double." Jadianne growled something under her breath as I walked away.
I had no idea where I was headed, but I suddenly wasn't alone as I felt a presence of another vampire behind me. "You look lost," Sarisa said, keeping pace with me.
"I'm not," I mumbled. "I'm just wandering aimlessly."
"Really?"
"What are you doing, following me around to begin with?"
"I'm not following you," she said and shrugged. "I just happened upon you and decided to follow you."
"Uh huh. I'm supposed to believe that?"
"Believe what you like, but it's the-" I grunted as she all of a sudden slammed into me, knocking me sideway and onto the ground, a split second before a soft pop of a gun went off. The bullet hit the signpost several feet ahead, and if Sarisa hadn't reacted as she did, the bullet would have gone into her back. Rage, unlike anything I've felt in a very long time, surged up within me. Sarisa's cool breath played across my neck, and I wrapped my arms around her and flipped us until she was under me. For the first time, fear flickered in her eyes, and I growled. For some reason, the necromancers or the demons wanted her dead, and that wasn't going to fucking happen if I had anything to say about it. No one fucking kill off my hunters without going through me, first. No one. I unsheathed my sword that was at my back and rose.
"Stay down," I snarled. "Please Risa, this time listen to me." Sarisa nodded, curling into herself and wrapping the darkness around her, until she was nothing more than a dark blob on the ground. That fucking imp was not getting away, I thought as I teleported behind the fleeing asshole. As it launched itself into the air, I drove the sword through its right wing and back out. It let out a pained squeal as it plummeted to the ground-black ichor pouring from the wound like tar. I sheathed my sword and grabbed the imp, snapping the wrist that was still holding the gun. I grabbed it and tossed it through the air toward Sarisa. Avoiding the black blood as best as I could, I turned the imp around and glared into his glowing red eyes. "I'm going to ask this once, and only once," I growled. "Who sent you?" The imp continued to squeal, and if he kept this up, my ears were going to bleed. A tingle of magic brushed against me, and I frowned, because it wasn't coming from the stupid imp. He was too busy squealing his head off and trying to break my hold on him. I feel it, too, Sarisa said into my mind. But it doesn't feel like it's directed at us. I think it's directed at the imp. I scowled, unsheathing a blade. The imp finally stopped squealing and froze as I brought the tip of my blade just a mere millimeter from his right eye.
"No one," the imp squealed. "No one sent me."
"Is that so?" I asked dryly.
"Yes," he hissed. "Yes."
I glared at him as he continued to bleed, though at a slower rate than I would've liked. "There is a problem with that answer," I growled. "I don't believe you," I finished as a surge of power washed over us, and it wasn't death magic, though I could still feel some kind of magic in the air. Casiar stepped into view a second later, and he nodded to me as he closed in on us.
"I don't believe you either, imp," one of the most powerful vampires said, and I reluctantly lowered the imp to his feet, stepping back and sheathing my blade. The imp spun around, and I quickly took several more steps away as blood flew through the air.
"Release me," the imp hissed.
"Oh, I'm not the one holding you here," Casiar drawled. The imp's eyes nearly popped from his head as panic set in.
"Then who is?" the imp squealed.
"It's a witch," Casiar said conversationally and crossed his arms.
"They can't hold me here," the imp spluttered.
"Oh, this one can. You see, imp, all she requires is demon blood to work the anchoring spell."
"But she would need my blood," the imp all but whine.
Casiar smirked. "Which she possesses as we speak. For an imp such as yourself, you're not very observant, are you?" The imp continued to squeal and splutter as Sarisa came to stand next to me, a halogen blade in hand. "Who do you work for?"
"I don't work for-" One second, Casiar was all casual-like, and the next, the imp's sentence died off with a strangled sound at the back of his throat. That lovely sound turned into a whimper, because Casiar had a halogen blade in his hand, and the tip of it was pressed an inch or so into the imp's chest. The wound began to smoke slightly, and the longer that blade was there, the pain seemed to get worse.
"You want to try that again?" Casiar asked, as if he hadn't stuck anything into someone's chest. "Tell me, and I'll let you go. If you do not tell me who you work for, imp, I will drive this blade through your heart."
"Teeros," the imp squealed.
"Ah, there you go," Casiar said and withdrew the blade, sheathing it. He straightened and shrugged. "Before you go," Casiar continued. "I have a message for your master, and you would do well to deliver."
"Anything," the imp hissed, shifting and squirming.
"If Teeros want something, tell him to come and get it himself," Casiar said softly, and the imp let out a gasp as a sudden surge of death magic washed over us. It was there and gone, but the imp looked even more horrified by whatever that was. "And not have his little minions do all his dirty work." Casiar nodded to someone I couldn't sense or see, and a second later, the feeling of magic was gone. The moment that it was, the imp gave Casiar one last terrified look before vanishing in a flash of fire.
"Do I even want to know?" I asked. Casiar looked at me. And said nothing.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-two

BRYNNA

"Do you like my hair?" I was standing in front of the sink and staring at myself in the mirror, frowning.
"Green does not suit you," Freya said from the opened doorway, her hands in her pockets and leaning casually against the doorjamb. To others, she might look calm and for all the world like she didn't give a shit about what was going on around her, but the truth was; there was a war raging inside her, and I had no fucking idea how she was just standing there, all calm-like. Her hunger was beating at me, as if it was my own. Fucking hell, she could give Tristan a tip or two on self-control.
"It's more blue than green," I said, scowling at her in the mirror.
"You must be blind, because it is nowhere close to blue." I glowered. "Elijah and the others will have a heart attack when they see you like this."
I snorted. "How come you're not clutching at your chest and falling over dead?"
She chuckled. "It will take more than an undesirable choice of hair color to kill me."
I harrumphed. "Fine," I said, looking at my collection of hair-dyes that were on the sink counter. "What color should I go for, then? Don't say blonde, because there are already enough of those running around."
Freya shrugged. "I am not an expert when it comes to things like hair."
"Can't you do a spell so my hair changes color every midnight or something?"
She smiled. "I can, but you would not like the outcome."
"You have a point," I muttered, picking up another shade of green. "What about this one?" I asked. "It's a brighter green." She made a strangled sound at the back of her throat, and I laughed, setting the box back down. I nodded to the opened doorway. "If you don't mind, I'd like for you to leave and close the door." Freya smirked, amusement in her eyes as she straightened and stepped back, closing the bathroom door with a snap. I didn't bother locking the door, because there was no fucking point to it. Opening the cabinet that was above the toilet, I took out a bottle of laundry detergent. Yes yes, I knew there were such things as hair color removers, but I ran out of that stuff two days ago, and I didn't feel like stopping by the store to pick up some more. I willed the shower on as I poured some onto my hand, trying not to spill it as I capped the bottle. I scowled as I began washing the green dye from my hair. My stomach seemed to flip-flop around as Freya's hunger continued to grow, and with that came the increase of her aura-the oh-shit-you-better-start-running-now meter that all vampires had when they were starving or about to end someone's life in a spectacular, brilliant, marvelous, unpleasant way. Hoping she wasn't going to come in here and rip out my throat, I reached for the conditioner, grimacing as I shampooed and washed the stuff off. Shutting off the shower, I straightened and reached for a towel. After I was no longer dripping water, I plugged in the hairdryer. Taking in a deep breath, I began to dry my hair, wincing every now and then as my sensitive ears reminded me just how sensitive they were. Hell, half of me just wanted to just go ahead and stick my head into the oven while it was on over this loud ass thing. When my hair was dry, I quickly shut it off and unplugged it, throwing the damn thing into the cabinet. Grabbing another box of hair-dye color that wasn't green, I began the lovely process of re-dying my hair. As I finished up, the air around me stirred, and my spine tingled as Elijah appeared behind me. He made a choking sound and coughed. "Sorry," I muttered.
"Bryn," he growled, his eyes watering. "Do you not know how to open the window?" I glanced at the small window high up near the ceiling and shrugged. Shuddering, he opened the bathroom door and stepped into the hall. "You look like you're going to kill someone in a few seconds here," Elijah said, and Freya let out a low growl. He glanced at me before shaking his head and walking away.
"Where are you going?" I asked as I washed my hair. "Don't check my refrigerator." I smirked as I heard his exasperated sigh in my head. "So," I said conversationally. "How is Aisley?"
"You're not going to let it drop, are you?" he asked with a sigh.
"Does she know you like her?" He groaned, and I laughed under my breath as I shut off the water. "You two look good together."
"Who is this Aisley?" Freya asked, and I shivered at just how calm she was sounding despite her rising hunger.
"She's a shifter," I said, drying my hair with a towel and stepping from the bathroom.
"Is she hot?"
"Yeah," I said dryly.
Elijah let out a heavy sigh. "She knows."
I tossed my wet towel at him, and he caught it effortlessly. "Did you sleep with her?"
He just stared at me. "Did you sleep with anyone last night?"
I blinked. "What?" I scowled. "I'm not going to tell you," I spluttered.
"Exactly," he said and glared at me, the towel vanishing from his hand. "And you are out of blood."
"I know," I said as I eyed Freya warily. "She killed my remaining eight bags."
"Yes, and she is still quite hungry." My sire scowled. "So am I," he muttered and glared at Freya who didn't react. "Report?" he asked, not taking his eyes off of her.
"I emailed it to Tristan." He nodded. "I also emailed it to Jailyn."
"And who put you with Brynna?" he asked, directing his question at Freya.
"Hey!" I exclaimed as I felt the approach of another vampire. "I partner up with whoever I want." I flashed to the front door and yanked it open to find Sarisa walking up the driveway. She waved and flashed over to me. "I have to have you around as well?" I asked and resisted the urge to pull a blade on them all.
"You do," Sarisa said as I stepped aside for her to enter. As the door closed with a slam, I let out a growl as Ari appeared in the middle of my living room.
"Am I in trouble?" I asked. Ari arched an eyebrow and dropped onto the couch beside Freya.
"No," Elijah said and tilted his head to the side. After a couple of seconds, he let out a sigh and disappeared into thin air.
"Ari is here, because I am here," Freya finally said and rubbed her temples.
"Ari?"
"Yes," she said, and then I let out a strangled scream, my hands smacking into her throat as she came at me, fangs bared. Fuck, she was just as fast as Tristan or Elijah. A tingle of magic ran down my arms and I dropped, rolling and popping up from the floor, a blade in my hand. Chills ran up and down my spine as she laughed softly. Ari had a lithium blade pressed to the side of Freya's neck, and I frowned.
"Davina let you borrow the blade?" I asked.
Ari snorted, withdrawing the blade and sheathing it. "She doesn't know that there's another witch in town."
"She will soon enough," Freya growled from her crouching position on the floor in front of me.
Ari nodded and tapped the hilt of the lithium blade. "This is Freya's own magical weapon." I nodded and slowly straightened from my crouch, making damn sure that I didn't take my eyes off Freya for even a millisecond. She growled, glaring at me as I sheathed my blade. "Were you trying to prove a point?" Ari asked, wincing.
"I was," Freya hissed as Tristan appeared behind her and rested his hands on her shoulders.
"I didn't know I was throwing a party," I said dryly. Freya let out a strangled sound, and Sarisa groaned, because Freya wasn't the only one starving. Tristan blinked and glanced around, his gaze landing on me. I gave him the finger, and he growled as he hauled Freya to her feet. I winced as I saw the pain in her eyes, and she looked like she was going to cry. Sarisa looked like she wanted to cry as well, and Ari just looked? helpless to do anything. Damn, I thought. This was just sad. Tristan pulled her into his arms, tightening his hold as she stiffened even more. Ari took in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
"I thought you would be interested in taking down another rogue hideout," she said to me. I stiffened, very much interested. "Sven, Jude, Trent and the others are already at the location."
"How many?" I asked.
"From what I've heard," she said slowly. "Around fifty."
"And? what did they do to catch the attention of us?"
"The usual," Ari growled. "Draining?"
"And?"
"Raping?" I remained silent, because there was more she wasn't saying. "Children," Ari said through gritted teeth after a long few seconds of silence. Freya, who was growling and snarling at Tristan, abruptly went silent and very, very still. I also went very still, as cold, unadulterated rage came over me-red clouding my vision like a veil of fresh spilled blood.
"What did you say?" Freya asked, slowly, calmly, and softly.
Ari gulped, shifting a step away from her. "You heard what I said," she replied quietly.
"Tristan," Freya said, her voice still calm and soft. "Release me." For a moment no one moved or spoke, and then Tristan reluctantly dropped his arms from around her and stepped back. Freya straightened to her full height, and I inwardly shuddered as her entire body went from being tense to relax. Oh, don't get me wrong, her hunger didn't suddenly up and disappear; it was still there, if anything, her beast was just an inch from surfacing. Her eyes flashed white, and it did not go back to their normal black.
"Uh," Ari said slowly. "We should uh? go?" At Tristan's nod, everything went dark.
Sarisa, Ari, Tristan, Freya and I found ourselves standing before a building that had seen better days. The windows were boarded up, and I winced at the displaced bricks. They looked like one poke would send them flying to smack an unsuspected someone upside the head. My every instinct told me to kick the door in and lay waste to everything inside, and enraged as I was at the moment, my training as a hunter would not let me. Sven was also standing not ten feet from me, and he would kick my ass to the next state and back if I so much did something as stupid as giving away our presences before we were ready. I blinked as Donnica rounded the side of the building and came over to us. Tristan let out a low growl and glared at her as she stopped beside Sarisa. Hell, we were all glaring at her. "What the fuck are you doing here?" I hissed at her as Trynnadon joined us. Tristan's eyes went solid white in a heartbeat as Kira dropped from the sky. Fuck, I silently snarled. This shit wasn't going to end well. Tristan looked like he wanted to smack her, throttle her, stab her, bite her, or all of the above. Kira, on the other hand, cringed and ducked behind Sven, as if he was going to protect her from their sire. Freya was eyeing her thoughtfully, a disapproving scowl on her face. Fuck, I thought again and glared at the fledgling. Freya growled something under her breath, and a second later, a transparent bubble-like barrier surrounded us. Sven barely got out of the way in time as Tristan went for Kira. She let out a gasp and dodged, but she was nowhere near fast enough as he grabbed her and slammed her against the barrier.
"Did I not tell you to remain at home?" he snarled. She opened her mouth to speak, but Tristan slapped his hand over it and effectively shutting her up before a word could escape. "I don't want to hear it," he hissed, and Kira sucked in a sharp breath as her eyes rolled to the back of her head. "God fucking damn it," he growled as he caught her before she could hit the ground. "Why don't you ever fucking listen to me?" he snapped and glared down at her unconscious form. We all glanced nervously at him, because swearing wasn't part of his daily vocabulary when having a conversation with someone. He took in several deep breaths before straightening and handing her over to Ari. The air, already crackling with power, became even more charged as he stared intently at Kira. "You will not wake," he said softly. "Until I call you." Kira didn't so much as stir in Ari's arms, but every vampire standing there knew that she had heard every single word. Something flashed in Tristan's eyes, but it was there and gone too quick for me to make anything of it. Ari let out a sigh and disappeared into thin air, leaving a heavy silence in her wake. "Donnica," Tristan said slowly a minute later. "Might I inquire to why you are here?"
"Can you go back to modern speak?" Donnica asked and put up a hand as he scowled at her. "Trynnadon and I won't get in your way. We're just here in case there are surviving humans."
"Ah," he said. "I smell demons nearby so do be careful," he said and nodded to Freya. A second later the barrier dropped, and I had to wonder if that barrier was some kind of a shield against others from overhearing or seeing us. Is everyone in position? Sven asked, and I grimaced as his mental voice stabbed against my eardrums. Tristan nodded and vanished from sight-becoming nothing more than a shadow before teleporting.
"Freya and Sarisa, I'm guessing you guys are with me?" I asked. They nodded as I walked to the closed door and peered through the dirty ass glass. There were two guards inside, but they were too busy having a heated argument about something to notice us. I glanced to Sarisa and frowned. "Where is Sergei?" I whispered, low enough for only her and Freya to hear.
"He's with?" She trailed off as he-speaks of the devil and he comes-dropped from the sky to land beside me.
"Anyone else?" I asked.
"That's all of us," Sergei said, straightening and unsheathing a blade. "They're waiting for you to give the signal."
I scowled. "Since when?"
"Since the first mission you were assigned to."
I snorted. "First?" I asked. "In my first mission, I had to do exactly everything I was told."
Sergei grunted. "Get moving before they have a throw-down."
"Won't make a difference," I muttered, and then busted the door in with my mind. The explosion of glass deafened me for a split second, and I smiled as the projectiles hit the two surprised rogues inside.
"Hunters!" one of the guards bellowed. He was going to say something else, but I didn't let him finished; I dug my fingers into his neck and ripped out his larynx. I followed that move up by slamming him against the wall and tearing out his heart. Sergei, Sarisa and Freya were a blur as they engaged six rogues that were now in the room. Screams from other parts of the building reached my ears as I unsheathed a blade and drove it into the rogue reaching for Sarisa. He didn't even get a chance to turn on me before his head was rolling across the floor. Donnica flashed through a doorway that led upstairs and kicked a rogue up the flight of steps where Freya waited. Donnica let out a shudder as Freya fell on the rogue, her fangs tearing into his neck as she drained every drop of blood from him. I ran to them, and I smiled evilly as Sarisa grabbed a muddy brown-haired rogue and began beating the shit out of him.
"Let's head up," Trynnadon called from somewhere beyond the door. "Liana and the others have most of them trapped on the third floor." Freya let out a snarl, and I smirked as the rogue's head exploded. Sarisa finally killed her rogue, and we flashed to the second floor. Trynnadon's eyes were on Donnica as we headed for the third floor. If he was a newly trained protector, hunter, or whatever rank, I would've reprimanded him, but he wasn't. After losing three of his friends, he was far from doing something so fucking stupid, like allowing himself to drop his guard or go after the demons responsible. For one thing, Donnica was no longer the only protector in California. This state was crawling with them along with more hunters, spies and watchers. Speaking of protectors, four of the newly arrivals rounded the corner to join us as we stopped before an opened door. One of them flashed to Trynnadon and whispered something in his ear. He grunted, and then I let out a gasp, cursing as screams filled my ears. Trent, who was standing closest to the door, looked around in confusion. Sergei glanced at Sarisa, his gaze going to each of us in turn. Then we all turned to Freya, who was standing at the end of the hall, covered in blood and looking for all the world relaxed and calm.
"Freya," Sergei said with a heavy sigh.
"Someone must get the party started," Freya said and flashed over to us. "I thought I would do the honor."
"What exactly are you doing to them?" Ari asked as she came out of the large dust-filled room. The rogues were all on the floor, writhing and screaming as blood poured from their eyes and ears.
"Nothing permanent I assure you," Freya said, stepping into the room with us following her. "They do not deserve a quick death." She glanced at Tristan and winced, because he, too, was bleeding from his eyes, ears and nose, though this was more due to the deafening screams than the magic in the air. Hell, I could feel the hot trickles of blood sliding down the sides of my neck. With a sigh, Freya unsheathed a blade, and I let out a relieved breath as the screams died down to a more manageable level. A few seconds later, the rogues were up and launching themselves at us. I had to give them credit; they recovered fast indeed. Sven gave Freya a grateful look before launching himself at the rogue coming straight for him. Then it was nothing more than a blur as the ceiling gave way, sending dust and plasters crashing down on all of us. From the gaping hole, more hunters dropped into the room-most of them staying airborne to catch the escaping rogues. Blood flew into the air and body parts rained down on me as I weaved my way through them. I stabbed at them, driving my blades through their eye sockets, ripping out hearts, and tearing off heads as I went. I shoved my hand into a rogue's mouth, ignoring the fangs that were slicing me open. She fought me with all the strength she could muster up as I slowly ripped out her esophagus. Unsheathing my deadly silver blade, I released her, letting her drop to the floor. I followed her down, and I put my blade to her neck, slashing and slowly pressing downward, until her head parted from her shoulders. "You love taking your sweet time, do you not?" Freya growled as she stood over me.
"I do love it when they try to beg for mercy," I said and straightened.
She smiled, and there was nothing friendly about it. "You have been taught well, hunter."
"Oh, I have all right, but I was trained to be a hunter, the rest is all me." Freya's smile remained in place, but something dangerous glinted in her eyes, and I did not want to know what she was thinking about.
"There is death magic in the air," she said, and without any other warning, it felt like my stomach had dropped to the floor as I felt a tugging sensation at the center of my being. Knowing that I only had seconds, I mentally reached out and sent Freya flying as she reached for me. The battle abruptly went silent around me, and I gasped as my entire body exploded in pain. I couldn't help it; I let out a scream as I was yanked backward. My own streaming blood blocked out my vision, but I did not miss the fact that the ground shook, Tristan's aura slashing at me, and Freya's magic reaching to a boiling point. Her aura was also pummeling me, but that was a lot better than the pain that was increasing by the second. My ears popped and darkness closed around me as I continued to scream. I felt like I was slowly being torn apart as the vortex sucked me in, and I knew no more.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-three

AISLEY

"Elijah," I said as I crouched beside his unconscious form. His bloodcurdling scream still rang in my ears as I tried to poke him awake.
"Aisley," Kidian said from behind me. "We must move. The building is going to collapse on top of us at any moment."
"Shit," I said, taking Elijah into my arms and getting to my feet. "What happened?"
"No idea, but if we don't move, we're all going to die."
"Right," I said and ran. I glanced over my shoulder, in time to see the remaining rogue vampires propelled into the air by an invisible force and back into the collapsing building. "Good luck in getting back out, guys," I muttered.
"Is he all right?" Cadan asked as he ran beside me.
"No idea," I said, grunting as we crossed several more streets. As we did, I noticed a couple of vampires standing as still as statues on every corner. No cars or people came this way; it was like a vampire's version of a roadblock. One of them flashed over to us, forcing me to stop or run into her.
"Who are you?" she growled.
"Aisley," I said and winced as recognition entered her pitched black eyes.
"Oh," she said and relaxed, if only the slightest bit. She sheathed her blade and glanced at Elijah. "I'm Iris," she said and reached for him. "What has happened to my sire?"
"I have no idea," I said, letting her take him from me. "He screamed for a very long time before he collapsed and fell unconscious."
"Fuck," she exclaimed. "Do you know where the Council HQ is?" We shook our heads, but I pulled out my phone and rang Ari.
"What?" Ari shouted into my ear. Thankfully I was still holding the phone and looking at it when she answered. Vampires weren't the only ones with sensitive hearing, after all.
"Elijah is out," I said. "Thought you should know." She appeared beside Iris, and I quickly hung up, shoving the phone back into my pocket.
"What happened?" Iris asked, turning to her. She didn't answer, and I could practically hear Ari grinding her teeth together. There was a loud explosion, and we all winced, because a second later, screams could be heard. Iris opened her mouth to speak, but the abrupt darkness prevented her as we were teleported. When we arrived to wherever, I stumbled as the floor tilted under my feet. I quickly caught my balance and looked around. We were standing in the middle of a room with nothing more than a table with silver chains in the center. I instinctively let out a yelp, stepping away until my back hit the wall that was behind me. The silver chains flew into the air and hit the floor with a loud clang. Curses spewed from Cadan and Kidian as they quickly got out of the way. Ari didn't look our way as she gently placed Elijah onto the Table. Iris, who was shifting from one foot to another beside her, was cursing under her breath. Ari straightened, and Iris froze as Tristan, holding a tall female vampire with ice-blonde hair in his arms, appeared on the other side of the table. They were both covered in blood, and my skin all but burned as their auras slammed into me. Tristan whispered something into her ear, and when she pulled back and walked into what looked like a bathroom, I stiffened, groaning as her magic washed over me. My skin prickled with the urge to shift, but I ignored it, because this much power they were giving off weren't directed at me. Something was wrong, very wrong. I winced as I heard the glass shattering. Tristan's head snapped in the direction of the bathroom, and then he was gone. The scent of blood filled the room, followed by grunts and snarls. Ari glanced at us before walking to the bathroom.
"Feel free to explore," the redheaded vampire said conversationally. "Don't go anywhere you are not allowed."
"If the doors are locked," I said to clarify. "Don't break in." She nodded, and I winced, wondering what in the hell was going on in there as the unknown female vampire let out a muffled shriek. Tristan let rip a snarl as the sound of banging, thumping, and more shattering glass could be heard.
"Freya!" Ari yelled, stopping just inside the door. "We need your help!" She glanced back at us. "Damn," she muttered. "This isn't working." She flashed out of the way as Tristan was tossed through the doorway. He cursed, righting himself in midair as Freya came after him. Ari launched herself into the air, and Freya screamed as they collided into her, sending her to the floor. "Freya," Ari repeated softly.
"What?" Freya snarled and tried to bite Tristan's hand off. Iris flashed over to them, adding her strength to theirs. Ari let out a strangled scream as blue fire engulfed Freya's hands, but she didn't let up on her hold, even as she began to burn. Tristan stiffened as pain entered his eyes. He put a hand on Freya's cheek, and it looked like a silent conversation was passing between them. A moment later, Freya's entire body trembled as the fire slowly died down. "Right," she said, her voice raspy and almost a whisper. Tristan grunted, nodding to Ari and Iris. They released her, watching intently as she took in several deep breaths.
"Go into the refrigerator and take as much blood you need to tie you over for a few," Ari said quietly. "Just? don't break the shelves." They continued to watch her as she slowly got to her feet and headed through another door. After a few seconds, Tristan followed her inside, and Iris cleared her throat.
"Now will you tell me what is wrong with Elijah?"
Ari sighed and ran her hand through her dark red hair. "The demons have Brynna."
"What?" Iris spluttered.
"She was sucked into a vortex," Ari said as she continued to splutter. "And it's? very painful."
"Fuck!" Iris finally yelled. "And the explosion? The rogues?"
"The explosion was Tristan's doing."
"Yes," Tristan said, reentering the room with two bags of blood in his hands. "Blame everything on me."
Ari scowled at him. "Well, it's true," she said, eyeing the blood. He glanced at it, and then sank his fangs into one while holding out the other bag to her. She took it and bit into it. "We need to wake Elijah." Ari said a minute later, crumpling up the empty bag. Tristan tugged the ball of plastic from her clenched fist and disappeared into the other room. When he reappeared, Freya was with him. She walked over to the table and peered down at Elijah thoughtfully. A cold hand landed on my arm, and I looked up into Ari's pitched black eyes. "Please," she said. "Come with me for a moment." When both Cadan and Kidian stiffened, Ari gave them a chilling smile. "If," she said softly. "I wanted to kill your friend here, I would have done it the moment I met her." My skin tingled as her aura wrapped around us. She stared at my friends for so long my stomach began to churn with dread.
"Ariella," Tristan said in warning, shaking his head.
Ari blinked, tearing her gaze from my friends and squeezing my arm lightly. "Please, step out into the hall with me." I nodded and allowed her to lead me out of the room. "We'll go to my office," she said as the door closed behind us.
"Did I do something wrong?" I asked.
"No," she replied as everything went dark.
When the darkness lifted, we were standing in her office. She released my arm, and she nodded to a chair. I glanced at it and hesitated, because like all the others, I was covered in blood. "Have a seat," she said and dropped into the one behind her desk. She leaned back as I slowly sat. "So," she said and looked at me. I resisted the urge to squirm as she all but studied me. "Are you and Elijah together?" I blinked, completely caught off guard by the question. For a moment, I was speechless. Her lips twitched, as if she was restraining herself from smirking. "I know for a fact that he likes you, but do you?"
"I do," I said slowly as my cheeks grew warm. I was over five hundred years old, and I was still blushing.
"Would you consider him as a mate one day?" she asked gently. I stiffened, forcing back the wave of grief trying to swamp me. "I know this is the worst possible time to be talking about this but?"
"I understand," I said and relaxed in my chair. "You want to know if I'll be able to deal with all of him."
She shrugged. "Mating for a vampire is a once in a lifetime thing," she replied softly. "The bond is permanent."
I winced. "What if the mate loses the other? They can't find someone else?"
Ari shuddered as something flickered in her eyes. "The surviving mate usually go rogue and have to be hunted," she whispered.
My stomach clenched painfully as a chill ran through me. "Usually?"
She nodded. "Some commit suicide, some go insane, some go into torpor? a very few can cope with the loss, but they are forever changed, if you know what I mean."
I nodded. "Suicide?"
"Well, it's mostly suicide by cops, but every now and then, one or two manages to take their own head." She suddenly stiffened, wincing as the office door opened. I stared at the vampire standing in the doorway. What was his name again? I thought and frowned. The newcomer looked from Ari, to me, and back to her. "Can I help you with something?" she asked him.
"What an awkward topic of conversation," he said a minute later as pain clouded his unblinking black eyes.
"I'm sorry, Jesric," Ari said as he stepped inside and slowly closed the door behind him.
"I actually came here to ask for a copy of the list of new arrivals, but I think I will stay a little longer." A silent conversation past between them, and then Ari nodded.
"Aisley," she said and gestured to Jesric. "This is Jesric." I held out my hand to him, and he hesitated before taking mine into his cold one and briefly shook. "He lost his mate not too long ago."
"I? I'm sorry," I said softly. He nodded as something cold washed over me.
"He can answer all the questions that are swirling around in your head better than I can." Damn mind reading, I thought and wondered if I could get a witch to make me a mind shield of some kind, because my own natural shield fucking suck. At least around these vampires.

ARI

Letting out a heavy sigh, I walked down the hall and reentered the room where Elijah was still lying unconscious on the table. This time, he was restrained by the chains. I walked over to Tristan, frowning as I realized that Freya wasn't in the room. "Did he wake up at all?"
"No," he muttered and pulled me to him.
"Where is Freya?"
"She went hunting."
"Really?"
"Mmm, she will tell me when she is done."
I nodded. "She couldn't focus?"
"Sweetheart," he said admonishingly.
I leaned against him and rested my head on his chest, grimacing at the dried blood on our clothes. "Yes?"
He took hold of a few strands of my hair and tugged gently, until I could see his glare aimed at me. "Have you been around me at all these past??" He paused, frowning as he did some mental calculation in his head. "Nine hundred and eighteen years?"
I shrugged. "Not 24-7." He scowled, releasing my hair as a surge of energy wrapped around me. A second later, Freya appeared, and she had apparently cleaned herself up before calling for Tristan.
"He has not awakened?" she asked and stepped up to the table.
"He has not," Tristan said as I pulled away from him. I blinked at Freya, because she was holding a paper plate. On it was a huge sandwich, and the smell of bread and meat over whelmed by the scent of blood in the room registered a second later. She turned to me, holding back a laugh as she held it out to me. "This is for you I believe."
"Um," I said slowly and took it from her.
"Your daughter," she said dryly. "Demanded that I give that to you, and she insist that you eat it." I stared down at the sandwich. Apart from the occasional consumption of crackers, chips, cookies and other snack things humans well? snacked on, I didn't really have an appetite for human food. Behind me, Tristan let out a cough, which sounded suspiciously like a laugh than anything. "It is lamb sandwich and? according to her, delicious." I grunted and held out the plate to Tristan. He grimaced, taking several steps away from me. Muttering and retracting my fangs, I picked up the sandwich and bit into it. I walked through a door that looked more like an observation room and mentally grabbed a chair, taking it back with me. I dropped it beside the door that led out into the hall and lowered myself into it as I continued to chew and swallow.
"Would you like a coke with that?" Tristan asked, amusement in his voice. The sandwich was good, but it probably wouldn't be in my list of things to eat. I shrugged, and a split second later, a can of coke appeared in his hand. I almost choked, unable to believe that he had actually ported something so much as a coke. He handed it to me, and I took the ice-cold drink from him, popping the tab with my will alone. Here I was, covered in dried blood, and I was eating a fucking sandwich. Truth be told, it would have been laughable under any other circumstances. I watched, as Freya studied the chains intently. Then she began to chant. A blue glow sparked from the chains before the sparks became tendrils and slowly stretched, intertwining until they created a net around Elijah. Fascinated, I continued to watch, as the blue tendrils pulsed, seeming to suck the blood that was all over him and into the spell, darkening them until they were no longer a bright glow, but a dark, dark shade of blue. The door opened, and I glanced over to see Aisley entering with Jailyn right behind her. Aisley looked around, and when her gaze landed on me, she eyed the half-eaten sandwich in my hand. I set it back onto the plate and handed it to her. She took it and devoured it in four big bites. Shaking my head at her, I took a long swig before passing her my coke as well. Sarisa, Sergei, Iris and more vampires crowded the doorway, and I stiffened. Freya stopped her chanting and turned to the opened doorway. Her aura whipped around the room, causing my skin to tingle and crawl. I glanced to Tristan, inwardly wincing. He looked like he was about to eat every single vampire here.
"Those of you who do not need to be here," Freya said softly. "Leave." Iris stepped into the room and parked herself on the other side of the door, crossing her arms. When the vampires outside the door didn't so much as move, the temperature in the room dropped into the freezing zone, and this time, it wasn't Tristan's doing. Aisley cleared her throat loudly and glanced nervously between the crowd and Freya. Kidian and Cadan squeezed their way into the room, and both Freya and Tristan let out a low growl. Aisley went over to her friends, and she practically dragged them from the room. Silently cursing, I rose from my chair and turned to the crowd of hunters, spies, watchers and protectors.
"Leave," I snapped. "Not all of you need to be here." Most of them finally left, but a handful still remained. The rage that I was doing so well in containing for the past two hours or so snapped. My fangs shot to their full length, and I saw red as I launched myself through the door. They scattered as I grabbed a hunter by the throat and slammed him into the wall. My spine tingled as I felt a presence behind me, but I didn't release my hold on the hunter. I didn't know who he was, but he didn't struggle; he just stared into my eyes as my fingers dug their way into his neck. Tristan's cold hands wrapped around my wrists and slowly squeezed. The hunter silently grunted as I tightened my grip. I yelped as Tristan's hold on me became painful, and my fingers flexed, as if trying to release the hunter. I struggled, but it was like playing a game of tug-of-war, and I was losing. Tristan released me, but his energy still remained, tingling as if I stuck my fingers into a socket. Slowly, and one by one, I released the hunter. He sucked in air, gasping and coughing as he walked away from us. Tristan grabbed me and pulled me to him as I made to follow.
"That is enough," he said quietly as I struggled to break free. He all but dragged me back into the room and slammed the door. He dropped into my chair and turned me around in his arm, his legs trapping me before I got the great idea of kneeing him in the balls.
"Well then," Freya said with a heavy sigh. "May I continue now?"
"No!" I yelled.
"Yes," Tristan said, and his hand blurred, catching my wrist before I could punch him. I grunted as he yanked me against him and nuzzled my hair. "Breathe," he warned. I gritted my teeth and let out a strangled scream. "Just breathe," he whispered in my ear. "Freya is going to wake Elijah." I took in a deep, deep breath and let it out slowly as his fangs grazed the side of my neck.
"Don't bite me," I muttered, my rage morphing into gloom and doom. Tristan growled something, one of his hands moving to the back of my head. I grumbled as I felt his tongue circling the pulse in my neck. Stiffening, I let out a curse, jabbing my fist into his gut as he sank his fangs in deep and pulled hard. He gave an annoyed growl as I continued to jab at him. Stop it, he silently growled, and I let out a gasp as he bit harder in warning. The magic in the room suddenly rose, and Tristan reluctantly pulled back, licking at the punctured holes and wrapping his arms around me.
"He is coming around," Freya said, and Tristan nodded, getting to his feet. With me still in his arms, he walked over to her. Jailyn, Iris, Sarisa and Aisley also stepped up to the table, but the shifter wisely stood out of grabbing range. A few seconds later, Elijah sucked in a breath, and the room spun as his aura slammed into us. Tristan's snarl sounded in my ear as we were thrown across the room. I cringed as I heard multiple bones snapping as we hit the wall-Tristan taking the full brunt of the impact. After a moment, I lifted my head and glanced around. The only one upright and conscious was Freya, who stood in a blue transparent-like shield.
"Thanks for shielding the rest of us," I said dryly as I looked at the knocked-out vampires and Aisley. Sarisa had apparently grabbed the shifter, but it wasn't enough as they both hit the floor. While everyone apart from me and Freya suffered from broken bones and lights out, the shifter only got a hard blow to the head.
"My apologies," Freya said as Elijah let out a groan. He bared his fangs as she muttered a spell under her breath. I let out a yelp and jumped off of Tristan as his aura jolted into me.
"Fuck," I snapped. "What am I, a fucking outlet?" Tristan rolled onto his hands and knees, twisting, grunting and cursing as I heard the unmistakable sound of bones scraping together as they realign themselves. Still cursing, he pushed to his feet and glared at Elijah who looked half out of it. Ignoring my glare aimed his way; he closed in and stuck his hand into the net, pressing his wrist to Elijah's fangs. With a snarl, his head jerked up, and he clamped his mouth onto Tristan's wrist, pulling fast and hard. After a long minute, Tristan jerked his wrist away, watching as the spell dimmed even more. Elijah growled; breathing harshly as he blinked, pain and confusion clouding his eyes.
"Elijah," Tristan said and grimaced. Freya dropped her shield as the others slowly came around. "Do you remember what happened?" Elijah's eyes went white, and he let out a feral snarl.
"Is she still with us?" Freya asked softly and Tristan glared at her.
"Yes," Elijah hissed.
"But?" she asked and muttered another spell.
"I can't reach her," he snarled and slammed against his chains. He let out an enraged scream as the spell holding him did? something to him. His body arched off the table as a zapping sound reached my ears.
"Do you know where she is?" Freya asked as he gasped for air and glared daggers at her. "Apart from the obvious, of course."
"She is blocking me," he growled. "Or, something else is interfering."
"I am betting it is the latter," she said thoughtfully and scowled. "But know this, Elijah. We will find your child. If they are wise, they will not kill her." She paused. "Or touch her," she whispered. "Because there will be no mercy for those who are foolish enough to stand in our way. Do you hear me?" After a long moment, Elijah slowly nodded. I smiled evilly as anger slowly rose, burning a hot path through me. As the saying goes, no one fucks with a Tronis and gets away with it. No. Fucking. One.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-four

Twenty minutes later, I was finally in the bathroom of my apartment on the tenth sublevel floor of HQ. Letting out a sharp breath, I ripped off my bloody shirt and glared at it. The rest of my clothes followed a second later, and I let out a relieved sigh as I stood in front of the sink. Pulling out a plastic bag from the cabinet, I shoved my clothes into it and tied it shut. I glanced at my weapons on the counter and frowned as I set the bag on top of them. At the moment, I seriously wasn't in a mood to clean them. Leaving them where they were, I stepped into the shower and turned it on. As the cold water hit me, I gasped, cursing as I shuddered violently for the briefest of seconds. I quickly washed myself, and when I was done, I stood under the hot water, not yet ready to get out. I closed my eyes and sighed, letting my forehead hit the wall with a thump. I didn't know how long I stood there, but the next thing I knew, the water was getting cold, and someone was in the bathroom with me. I did not have to look around to know who that someone was. "How long have you been here?" I asked grumpily.
"About five minutes," Tristan growled.
I blinked and straightened, shutting off the shower. "Damn," I mumbled as I stepped out. Grabbing a towel, I wrapped it around myself and stared at the sink counter with annoyance. Tristan, no longer covered in blood, straightened from the door he was leaning against and opened it. Turning, I walked from the bathroom, into the living room, and into my bedroom. Stopping in front of the closet door, I opened it and dropped the towel. Tristan came to a stop several feet behind me, and the breath he took in to say something cut off abruptly, as if I had turned and choked him. I paused in reaching for a shirt and slowly turned. His eyes flicked down to my breasts, and I crossed my arms as the charge in the room became even more charged. His gaze lowered, and I scowled at him. "I'm surprised you didn't attack me in the shower," I drawled.
"I was too busy staring at the back of your head," he growled as his eyes moved back up my body, and he glared at me.
"Ah," I said and smirked. I looked him up and down, and when I got to his very obvious erection, I chuckled. "Were you going to tell me something?" I asked and bent to pick the towel back up. I tossed it onto the nightstand and walked over to him. When I reached him, I rested my hand on the side of his neck and fingered the chain that tingled at my touch.
"I was going to ask if you were up for patrolling the border," he said through gritted teeth as his cool fingers stroked down my arm.
"Border?" I asked and grunted as he jerked me up against his fully clothed body.
"Yes," he hissed in my ear and nuzzled my still wet hair, inhaling deeply.
"I didn't know we had an actual border," I said and slipped my hand under his shirt. He tensed under my fingers, his own hands going to my back and moving down until he cupped my ass.
"Magical border."
I pulled back slightly and blinked. "Magical?"
"Yes," he said, as his clothes along with his weapons disappeared. I looked around, spotting them in the corner of the room. "Freya set up the ward a couple of nights ago." His hand went to the back of my neck, and he hissed as I cupped him. "It's your turn to meet with her," he growled, and I let out a startled yelp as he threw me across the room. My back hit the wall, and I moved as he lunged for me. He changed direction as I continued to flash around the room. A dangerous glint entered his eyes, and the red that was slowly fading, vanished completely. I shuddered as hot pleasure course through me and settled low in my stomach. Still moving, I glared at him.
"You know," I said. "I'm still mad at you." He gave me an exasperated look, and I dodged, jumping away before he could grab me.
"You're not going to let this go, are you?"
"No!" I exclaimed. "You almost died!" I launched myself at him, knocking him to the floor. His arms came around me, and everything went dark. Blinking stupidly, I stared at him as he rolled me over and got to his feet. I glanced around and realized that we were in the sparring room. "The hell are we doing here?" I asked and slowly got up.
"Get it out of your system," he growled.
"Oh," I spluttered. "Very well, then," I said and attacked. I punched. I kicked, cursing at him as he grunted. I drove my fist into his stomach, doubling him over. Shoving him onto the mat, I continued to pummel him. Hell, it felt pretty good to hit someone. The best part of it all? He didn't bother to defend himself. I took in a deep breath and gave him one good final hard punch. He groaned as I straightened and turned from him. The air stirred behind me, but this time, I wasn't fast enough. Tristan's cold hands grabbed both my wrists, pinning them behind my back as everything once again went dark. I tried to pull away from him, but I couldn't because there was a fucking wall directly in front of me. Pushing back against him, I growled. His hold loosened, and a low growl sounded at the back of his throat. Turning me to face him, he glared at me. I opened my mouth to throw something else at him, but I sucked in a sharp breath as he yanked me to him. Grabbing a handful of my hair, he pulled my head back and bared his fangs.
"Not this time," he snarled and kissed me. It was not a gentle kiss as he all but plundered my mouth. The heat between my legs grew more heated, and I moaned. Putting my hands on his chest, I broke the kiss and shoved, until he hit my bed and fell onto it. I eyed his erection thoughtfully, and I smirked as he grew harder. "Ari," he growled in warning when I just stood there. "If you do not come here?" His eyes flashed, and I knew he wasn't going to let me out of the room until he had his way with me. I moved between his legs and stroked his hot, hard length from base to tip. His head fell back, and he groaned.
"Happy now?" I asked.
"No," he growled, and then cursed as I leaned down and slowly licked him. Before he got the bright idea to grab me, I quickly retracted my fangs and took him into my mouth. He arched, snarling as I sucked and licked him. He sat up-moving off the bed and forcing me back slightly as he put a hand on the back of my head. Down on my knees, I took him in deeper. My throat closed around him as I squeezed and stroked the rest of him. With a hand on my shoulder, he cursed me to hell and back as he moved in and out of my mouth. Pleasure continued to spike higher and hotter within me, but I kept at it, working him. With one last thrust, he stiffened and groaned as he pulsed, spilling himself down my throat. My fangs descended, and his groaned turned into a feral snarl as I swallowed him. My vision dimmed as the pleasure built, and I moaned as he came for a second time. Retracting my fangs, he pulled out of me and yanked me to my feet. My world blurred as he tossed me onto the bed. I let out a half grown, half laugh as he fell on me. Fangs bared, he gripped my thighs and pulled them apart. I gasped and moaned as his tongue slipped between my folds, thrusting in and out of me with a growl. Still gasping, I grabbed hold of his shoulders and arched against him as he tugged and sucked hard on my clit. I cried out as he slipped two fingers inside, moving in and out as he continued to suck me. Clenching around his fingers, I screamed as I came, my hands moving to his neck as my nails raked him. He groaned as his hot blood slowly ran down my hands, and with a snarl, he moved between my legs, thrusting into me hard.
"Ah, fuck," I moaned and arched into him as he stilled inside me. Groaning, his hands went to my breasts, rolling, flicking, and pinching my nipples. Panting and gasping, I dug my fingers into his arms, digging until they bled. Blood dripped onto my fingers as I tried to get him deeper. "Is this payback?" I gasped when he didn't move.
"Yes," he snarled as his hands moved to my hips and held me still. "I should leave you like this," he hissed. "It's only fair."
"Don't you dare!" I snarled and wrapped my legs around him. His mouth fell on mine, and I kissed him fiercely as he pulled out and thrust back inside. Lifting me slightly, he thrust in deeper, faster, and harder. Whimpering, I dug my nails into his back, raking them downward until I was gripping his ass. Snarling, he broke the kiss and moved faster in and out of me. Meeting him thrust for thrust, I tightened myself around him and flipped us so that I was on top. Tristan eyes flashed as I rode him fast and hard. My hands on his chest, I leaned forward and sank my fangs into his neck. He let out an animalistic snarl, and I cried out as I came. He jerked and pulsed, shooting hot jets into me. Gasping, I withdrew my fangs and licked it close. My vision blurred as Tristan flipped us and pulled out of me. Breathing harshly, he flipped me onto my stomach and lifted me until I was on my hands and knees. I felt his hot length at my entrance, and I moaned. As he thrust into me from behind, he bit into the back of my neck hard. His fingers found my clit, and he rubbed at it as he continued to pound into me. My moans turned into a scream as I clenched around him and came apart. With one last thrust, he exploded into me as I violently scratched his arm with bloody fingers and drew more blood as I dug in deep. With a growl, he withdrew his fangs and slowly pulled himself out of me. I released his arm and collapsed on the bed, gasping. Tristan rested a now cool hand on my back, and I shivered as I felt his tongue licking close the wound.
"Mmm," he growled. "Freya is waiting for you." I groaned, and he chuckled as he settled down beside me and pulled me into his arms. I snuggled into him and sighed.
"What a mood killer, you are," I muttered.
"That is the whole point," he said as he tightened his hold on me. "We'll never leave this room otherwise," he growled, and I laughed as I felt him hardening and growing against my hip.
"I see," I said slowly and grumbled. Chuckling, I nudged him. "Go." With much reluctance, he pulled away from me and slipped out of bed. I rolled onto my back and pouted up at him. Looking anywhere but at me, he went over to his clothes and picked them up. Sighing, I watched as he exited the room. Covering my eyes with an arm, I let out another groan. After a minute I reluctantly sat up and got to my feet. Grabbing the towel off the nightstand, I flashed out of the room and into the bathroom. I quickly cleaned myself and teleported back to my room. Stepping into the closet, I grabbed my clothes and dressed as Tristan reentered with my weapons in his hands. They weren't clean per say, but they were freed of blood. Walking over, I put my arms around him and sighed, resting my chin on his shoulder as he shoved my handcuffs into my pockets along with my folded blades. Grumbling, I took a step back so that he could strap the rest of my weapons on. When he was done, he pulled me into his arms and nuzzled me.
"I'll see you soon," he growled in my ear. I nodded as everything went dark.
The cold air slapped my face as I appeared on Freya's doorstep. After a brief hesitation, I reached out and knocked. A moment later, the door opened, and I blinked at the imp standing in front of me. With dark, dark red scales that might as well be black, the imp stared up at me with glowing green eyes. At her back, her black leathery wings shot through with blue fluttered nervously as she clicked her silver-tipped claws together. I resisted the urge to pat her on the head between her pointy ears where the white tufts of hair were. "Rozalia," I said in greetings.
"Ari," she squeaked and stepped back for me to enter. "Come in!" she exclaimed. "Come in, come in!" Amused, I stepped inside and looked around for Freya. Not seeing her, I frowned down at the imp. Before I could ask, Freya's creepy aura washed over me as she approached us from down the hall. She came to a stop at my side and stared impassively down at the imp.
"Leave us," Freya said quietly. "And do not return this night."
"But."
"Go, Rozalia. I mean it." Grumbling something under her breath, Rozalia scuttled out the front door. It slammed shut behind her, and my ears popped as the wards went up. "This way," Freya said to me and walked into her living room. I followed her as she led me to the back of the house. She stopped before a partially opened door and nodded to it. "This is my lab," she said and held out her hand to me. "May I?"
"What?" I asked, hesitating.
"I need a few drops of your blood," she said in amusement. "You are the first I am allowing entrance into this room." When I still didn't take her hand, she smiled. "Come now, Ari, do you not trust me?"
"It's not that I don't trust you," I said and scowled at her. "I can feel your hunger hammering at me." Something flickered in her eyes, and I suppressed a shudder that came over me.
"I will not harm you," she said quietly.
"If you say so," I said uncertainly and let her take my hand. Her ice-cold fingers wrapped around mine, as she picked up a plastic shot glass-sized cup from the table beside the door and positioned it under my wrist.
"This will hurt for only a moment," she said, and I nodded.
"Understandable," I said and grunted as what felt like invisible blade pressing slowly into my wrist. My hand felt hot, and the wound pulsed as blood dripped into the cup. After three drops, she released me, and I quickly brought my bleeding wound to my mouth and licked at it.
"You will need to spill blood when we walk the border, but I will leave that up to you on how you think it should be done." I nodded, watching as she poured my blood over the threshold where it sizzled before disappearing altogether. She stepped into her lab and nodded to me. "You may enter." I stared at the floor for a second longer, and then enter the room, blinking at the mess on the tables lining up two walls as I took the twenty or so steps down. Freya smirked as she rifled through a drawer. Her lab was a forty-by-forty square room and probably took up most of the back portion of the house. The walls, floor and ceiling were a pristine white, and a counter with a sink took up the wall to my left. Freya dropped something into a small bowl and set it in the sink. She filled this up with water and walked over to the small stove that was to the right of the counter.
"Nice," I said and really, it was. Apart for the library, for her, this was like where she spent most of her time concocting deadly spells and things I didn't want to know about.
"Thank you," she said as she clicked on the stove to high and poured the black thick liquid into the small pot. "This will only take a mere second," she said as more flames whooshed to life. "Then we will be on our way." I nodded and leaned casually against the wall, watching in interest as she did her magical mojo. Her hand glowed blue as she reached inside and grabbed a handful of something and rolled it. She clicked off the stove as I felt the chill of the spell along with the scent of fresh winter mint. She walked over to one of the tables and dropped what looked like a plastic ball of something into a container.
"Do I want to know what that is?" I asked as she nodded and came over to me.
"Would you like to pop it?" she asked, and I straightened, shaking my head. "Are you sure? I was told it tastes like mint and burnt plastic."
"That is a definite no, then," I said as she led me back upstairs.
"I assure you that it will not kill you."
"Freya," I said dryly.
"Yes?" she asked as she stopped before the front door and opened it.
"I don't know you well, but given the stories I've heard, something tasting like mint and coming from you can't be good." I followed her out into the night, and the smile she gave me was cold.
"You are right to tread on the side of caution." Her aura amped up a notch, and it took all I had in me not to shudder or rub my arms to rid the blanket of the tingle that came over me. "But in all truthfulness, if I had wanted to harm you, I would have done so with you being none the wiser."
"Thanks," I muttered.
She turned to me, and I resisted the urge to take a step back as her cold hand cupped my chin. "Ariella Stanton," she said slowly. "If there is one thing you should know about me. Know that I do not kill those I consider friend or family." Her hands came down on my shoulders, and hunger burned within those eyes. I nodded as she studied me intently. "You must feed before we begin," she said softly.
I arched an eyebrow. "Is it that obvious?"
She gave me an exasperated look and dropped her hands, stepping back. "Shall I point out the facts?" she asked as I reached out and touched her lightly on the arm. "One, I can feel your hunger as you can feel mine. And two, I can smell Tristan all over you." I nearly swallowed my own tongue as she eyed me, clear amusement in her knowing gaze. Yeah, it was super fucking hard to keep things secret around another vampire, no matter how bad you wanted to. "Am I leaving anything out?" she asked dryly.
"No," I spluttered and gave into the urge to slap her. Freya's eyes flashed, and though the beast within her surged to the surface in retaliation, she didn't go for the attack. Rubbing the arm where I slapped her, she hunched into herself, grunting as she fought with herself. "You need to feed more than I do," I said and frowned. After a moment of growling and snarling, she straightened and held out her hand. I took it and teleported to HQ. We both looked down at the sound of a startled yelp to find a werepup standing just yards away from us. Amaris's silver eyes were on Freya as the vampire struggled between picking up the wolf and biting her, or picking her up and petting her? or all of the above. "Border?" I whispered into her ear. "Not puppy chow?" Freya blinked and tore her eyes from Amaris. Without a word, she walked into the trees. Bending down, I gave Amaris a pat on the head before following the retreating vampire.
Damn, I thought as Freya led me to the stream and stopped, staring into the water like it could somehow help quenched her thirst. "We will start and end here," she said without turning to look at me. Taking in several deep breaths in and out, I unsheathed a blade as I stopped beside her. My eyes never leaving her, I put the blade to my wrist and stabbed the tip in deep before slashing it open. Freya stiffened as a whimper escaped her, and my stomach clenched painfully. As my blood hit the ground, she squeezed her eyes shut, and her magic rose sharply, biting into me like a whip. I followed her as she walked on, continuously slashing my wrist open as we made the round. It felt like an eternity later when we were back at the stream. As I spilled blood for the final time, there was a brilliant flash of bluish white light, and I yelped as I brought up a hand to shield my eyes. The flare was only for a second, but it still left white spots in my vision. Blinking furiously and rubbing the sting from my eyes, I looked to Freya, her ice-blonde hair gleaming under the light of the full moon. Her magic still swirled in the air, but something told me that she was no longer casting any kind of spells. Knowing full well that she would be on me faster than I could blink if I made any move or sound now that the spell was complete, I teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-five

The moment I did, pain exploded in my side. I looked down in time to see claws aiming for me. "Fuck me," I gasped, driving the blade I was still holding into the demon's hand the same time as those claws dug into my side again and shredded me. Screaming, I turned and unsheathed a halogen blade. The demon hissed, and I had time to realize that this wasn't your ordinary imp I was fighting, but a god damn vortex for a head, body made up of flames, wind, lightning, and oh-my-god-I-was-going-to-fucking-die kind of demon before it launched itself at me. Yeah? my blades were useless. As I launched myself into the air, I sheathed my blades, and for the first time, I reached deep inside myself and prayed I didn't blow up the state of California as I let loose. The demon and I winced as thunder sounded overhead. Not what I wanted, I thought as my hands glowed blue. I just wanted ice for fuck sake. Icicles formed in my hands, but along with that came the rain. Hissing sounds came from the demon, and I realized that it was laughing at me. Wasting no time, I threw my icicles at it, and it screamed. It sounded more like a very loud crackling hiss than a scream. A fireball came at me, and I wasn't fast enough to dodge it entirely. I screamed as it slammed into me, sending me spinning and crashing to the ground. I pelted it with ice bolts, and I screamed my lungs out as it continued to throw fireballs at me along with lightning. Wind rose up and out of me, and the demon snarled as the gale forced wind blasted it back. Too bad it didn't knock its ass to the ground. In pain and enraged, I got to my feet and hit it with both ice and wind. The rain didn't do jack-shit in dimming the flames. Fuck you mother nature, I snarled. Fuck you in the ass so hard I hope you fucking choke on it. Lightning struck the ground, and the shockwave of it deafened me and screwed up my balance. A rope of crackling white light shot from the demon, and I shrieked as it struck me, slashing into me. I convulsed, unable to make a sound as the painful currents of electricity coursed through me. I somehow rolled out of the way as the fiery demon brought his foot down on where my head was a split second ago. As the convulsion slowly fade, I let out a snarl. Getting to my feet, I slammed into the demon, screaming as it burned me and from a little relief that it was solid? mostly solid anyways. My right hand glowed blue, and I punched it hard in its stomach. My hand went all the way through as it screamed. Pulling my arm out, I jumped back, almost falling on my ass as the overwhelming, blinding, agonizing, white hot pain consumed every inch of me. I sent another blast of wind its way, and it stumbled briefly before regaining its balance. It was just my fucking luck that I just had to stumble upon a fucking demon that could kill me. Unsheathing my halogen blade, I met the demon halfway and stabbed it. It let out another scream, but of course, it didn't vaporize like I really wanted it to. Then again, I didn't stab it in the heart. Matter of a fact, I had no idea where I had stabbed the fucker. Claws dug into my elbow, and I continued to scream as it clawed open my forearm. I wouldn't be surprised if I woke up the fucking dead halfway around the god damn motherfucking world. Cursing, gasping, wheezing, screaming and shrieking, whether out loud or inside my head, I punched and kicked the living shit out of it, no longer feeling the fact that I was burning? or giving a fucking shit as I went all out. At least it was screaming in pain along with me as we went hand-to-hand-fuck-the-elements-smack-down mode. The beast within me wanted out so bad it wasn't even funny. Another crackling white light flared, and I once again couldn't make a sound as the demon punched my convulsing ass through the air, and I smacked into something solid. The smell of chard flesh and fresh spilled blood were thick and heavy in the air as I continued to convulse on the ground. The demon paused, and when I didn't get back up to attack it, it came over and knelt beside me. It lowered that vortex-like face down to mine and seemed to inhale. The little ounce of energy I had slowly drained from me, and in the back of my blood-deprived, pain-clouded fog of a mind, I knew that the son of a motherfucking piss ass bitch of a demon fuck was draining me of my remaining energy. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! I silently screamed as my beast rose eagerly to the surface. This time, I couldn't do shit to hold her back. A vortex opened up behind the demon, and the fucking bastard cackled, waving to me as it disappeared. I hoped for unconsciousness to take me over, but it eluded me as I remained on the ground. The beast slowly clawed her way out, and I silently let out a bloodcurdling shriek of rage. Where there was no answer before, this time, the sound of Tristan's enraged scream filled my head. During the battle, I hadn't realized then that I had been blocked. I had no idea if it was on my part or the demon's. Taking her sweet ass time, my beast roared to life, and I took a backseat while she took over. It was? strange, because I shouldn't have been aware, but the bitch thought it would be funny if I didn't slip into the dark hole I so desperately wanted to crawl into. I wanted to curl up into a ball and cry like a fucking baby. Everything fucking hurt, and it was going to continue to hurt for who knew how long. The ground shook underneath me, and then I was surrounded by vampires. Tristan appeared beside me with Jailyn holding onto him, because well? it was either that or falling on his ass. Gasps filled my ears along with the roar that seemed to grow louder by the second.
"Holy. Fucking. Shit," Sarisa gasped. "Uh," she squeaked. Jailyn froze as she stared at me, Tristan hyperventilating in her arms. With a feral snarl, he cut off the connection between us and doubled over, gasping. After a moment, he straightened and pulled away from Jailyn. Sarisa's pale hand came into my line of vision and hovered, as if afraid to touch me. Tristan finally looked at me, and he went very, very still. His nostrils flared, and then his hand shot out, sending Sarisa flying as I bolted upright and snapped my fangs at what would have been her hand. Instead, I got hold of his arm, and he let out a strangled sound as I bit down hard. Inside, I screamed as pain redoubled at my sudden movement. My world went black, and sadly, it wasn't the blackness I wanted. I jerked my fangs out of Tristan's arm, and not of my own volition, I somehow was upright and launching myself at Sarisa. "In the bathtub!" she shouted as Sergei was suddenly there. He cursed, and then let out a stream of profanities as I all but ripped into him, knocking him to the floor. "In the bathtub!" Sarisa repeated. I screamed as my fangs withdrew from his neck. Unable to move, I shrieked as Tristan lifted me off of Sergei and settled me into the tub. "Freya!" Sarisa shrieked, so loud my ears bled even more than they already were. A second later, Freya was beside Tristan, and she all but stared at me, her eyes going solid white. Tristan fired something at her in rapid Swedish, and she slowly nodded. Her eyes stared into mine, and she took in a deep, deep breath.
"Ari," she said, both out loud and into my mind. "I am going to put you to sleep." She rested a hand on my cheek that I could not feel and dropped onto her ass. "You will not feel or be aware of anything that happens from here on out." She leaned in, and her eyes were as cold as the Arctic Ocean. "Are you going to bite me, if Tristan releases you?" she asked softly. Fuck yes I will, I shrieked. I'm fucking hungry for god fucking damn sake! "Okay," she said slowly and sat back with a huff. "You can compel her to sleep," she said to the room at large. She paused as silent conversation went on between them. "Very well, but you must hold her." Tristan let out a low growl filled with promises of death as he got into the tub and took me into his arms, hissing as demon blood burned him. Like a rubber band snapping, I was suddenly struggling in earnest against him. Tristan grunted, cursing, as I probably broke several something inside him. Freya took hold of my chin, and her hand locked my head in place as I slowly died inside from pain. The scent of magic rose in the air, and though Freya did not speak; a few seconds of intense staring contest later, my vision blurred, then darkened as the pull of unconsciousness slowly but surely dragged me into blissful oblivion.

BRYNNA

Waking up was slow and painful as fuck. The first thing that registered was the overwhelming stink of sulfur. The second thing was the fact that I was in an awkward heap on a hard floor, my cheek sticking to the shit like it was glue as I lifted my head, only to let it fall back with a thump. The third thing I've noticed and pissed me off to no ends, I was inside a fucking god damn pentagram. This was not a good start to my fucking, shitty ass mood. I slowly reached out and touched a finger to the outline done in chalk and my own fucking blood. I let out a yelp, snatching my hand back as a flare of pain shot through my finger and up my arm. The pentagram itself was done in chalk, but just inside, a circle was drawn, using my blood to do it. "Fucking bitch," I snarled, and then groaned as pain shot through my skull.
"I hope that wasn't directed solely for me," a female voice said from out of my sight. I stiffened, ignoring the new waves of pain that came over me. "Because I wasn't the one that pulled you screaming out of the portal. Luckily you fell unconscious the moment you hit the floor. If it's any comfort, you were not violated while you were out."
"How? comforting," I drawled. "If you're trying to make me feel better, you can just shove it, and I'm supposed to believe that you kept me from being? what did you call it? Violated?"
"I've spoken the truth. Why would I lie? It's no use lying to someone such as yourself."
"Why am I here?" I asked and let out a pained gasp as I forced myself to roll over, until I could see everything. It looked like I was in a basement of some kind, and the demon herself was leaning casually against the wall that was behind her. She had waist-length black hair, pale skin, and violet eyes. Great, I thought. I had a god damn succubus in the same room as me. I would've known she was a succubus, even if her eyes didn't give her away. The succubus shrugged.
"I wasn't told."
"Really?" I asked dryly.
"The bargain was not to ask questions."
"In exchange for a good fuck is that right?"
She glared at me. "I can't help what I am," she snapped. "Just like you can't help what you are."
"Touched a nerve, did I?" I asked and smirked. "I'll tell you something right here, right now," I said and slowly sat up.
"That is?"
"If you ever pull your succubus shit on me, the moment I am able to, you will be the first demon I'll have the pleasure of killing, and an army of Ahzeekis won't be able to stop me. Do I make myself very clear?"
The succubus stared at me for a long minute before nodding. "I believe you've made yourself very loud and clear," she said and looked to the closed door. "But the others will not care for your threats."
I gave her an evil smile and shrugged. "I am fully aware of that. I did not live this long by being careless and stupid," I said and gulped, as several white, slimy worms wriggled down the steps toward me. I felt rather than saw the succubus departing as I stared at the things and shuddered in revulsion. My skin crawled as one of them made its way onto my hand. Sucking in a sharp breath, I grunted as the contact burned. I didn't have to check to know that my weapons were gone, and I contemplated on squishing one of them. Then I thought better of it as the burning pain grew. Gasping, I shook my hand, cursing when the thing remained in place. More worm-like things crawled onto me, and I swallowed a scream as I got up and threw myself at the invisible barrier of my pentagram. Unable to hold back, I screamed, as a brilliant white light flared to life, searing me and tossing me several feet into the air before slamming me to the floor hard.
"As much as this entertains me," a hissing voice drawled. "Time is of the essence." I made a sound somewhere between a snort, a laugh, and a scream as the Ahzeeki came to a stop just outside the bloody line that was my cage. The pentagram was ten feet all around, and I was just inches from activating the light show. I grabbed a worm and pulled, gasping as it dug its way into my skin, hanging on like it had claws and teeth. For all I knew, they probably did have claws, teeth, and could fart fire out of their asses. The dark green-scaled Ahzeeki narrowed his red eyes at me and scowled. "None of your powers will work within this circle. So if I were you, I would consider cooperating."
I glared at the demon, wanting to rip out his heart and incinerate it while he watched, but for once in my life, I couldn't just up and do that. "I would rather die," I snarled. "Than betray my people for the likes of you. Or do I have this all wrong?" I gasped. "You and your buddies pulled me into hell for a tea party. Is that it?" I let out a strangled noise, gritting my teeth as pain exploded in my head.
"Where is the shroud?" he growled.
I laughed, because I just couldn't help it. "You," I hissed as tears rolled down my cheeks. "Pulled the wrong vampire through, because I have no idea of what shroud you are talking about. Care to give me more information?"
"You know exactly the shroud I am talking about, you fool," he spat. "Where is it?"
"Ah," I wheezed and smiled as my own blood slowly pooled around me. "That." I chuckled, shaking my head. "No idea where the fuck it is. As I've said earlier, you pulled the wrong vampire through."
The Ahzeeki shrugged and smiled cruelly down at me. "No matter, because I will get it out of you one way or another." I laughed, and this time, I didn't stop, even as the pain grew. The demon looked confused, as I all but curled into myself and just laughed my ass off. Taking in a deep gasping breath, I gave him a chilling smile.
"I dare you," I hissed and bared my fangs at him. "To give it your best." I paused, groaning. "Because whatever you do to me, I will take great pleasure in adding to my long, long list of ways to torture my victims. After all? I'm fresh out of ideas."


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-six

FREYA

"Skyler!" The chorus of voices just beyond the closed door might as well split my skull into two as I squeezed my eyes shut against the fresh wave of pain. My headache was so bad that I was practically seeing double of everything. How I was still in my right frame of mind? I had no idea. I opened my eyes and slowly turned at the sudden rush of blood in my ears. The unmistakable scent of witch blood reached me as my vision narrowed and darkened. I stiffened, every muscle in my neck tensing to the point of pain. To make it worse, the sound of seven hearts pounded into my ears as the sharp scent of fear rose thick in the air. The group came to a stop several yards from me, and the witch with fiery red hair and brilliant green eyes stepped forward, as if to protect the children that had accompanied her. I swallowed hard and forced myself to remain in place as she slowly approached me. She stopped just out of my grabbing range and eyed me warily.
"Who are you?" the witch asked.
"I might inquire the same of you," I said and eyed the group behind her. "Who are these children?" I asked, glancing at each one of them but Corinne who stood slightly apart from the others.
"Are you going to answer my question with a question?"
"Are you?" I asked as a growl rose from my throat. She glared at me, and I wondered just how fast I could drain her of every single drop of that sweet blood. "Before you decide on what you will say next, I advised you to tread carefully," I said softly. "I am not one to be trifled with. My self-control is waning ever thinner the longer you stand in my presence," I finished in a whisper.
"I'm Davina," she said a moment later, and I smiled. "These children, as you put it, are Alyssa's siblings and friends." A cool hand wrapped around my arm, and I glanced down into Corinne's pleading eyes.
"Not to worry, little sister," I said quietly. "Much it pains me to do so; I will not harm the witch." I refocus on Davina and gave her a tight smile. "You have a reprieve for now," I said to her. "I only came to collect Ariella's child." I pulled away from Corinne and turned back to the door where Alyssa stood, fear rolling off of her in waves.
"Freya," the fledgling whispered, and it took every last ounce of my self-control not to lunge for her.
"Alyssa," I all but hissed. "Allow me entry into your home, young one." Without a word, she nodded and stepped back, her throat working as she swallowed. Not even daring to so much as breathe, I stepped through the door and straight for the living room. Stopping beside the unconscious form of Skyler and ignoring Amaris, Alyssa and the two boys watching on in interest, curiosity and fear, I bent and scooped her up into my arms. Though I was not breathing, the sight of the fledgling's blood on the floor and her nearly broke my death grip hold on my self-control. Straightening, I strode out of the house and paused in front of Davina. Lucky for her, she stood where she was and not taken a step back. "We will meet again, you and I," I growled softly. She nodded but wisely kept silent. "We shall have much to discuss. Until then, be wary of those closest to you." With that ominous bombshell I just dropped on her, I launched myself into the sky.

SKYLER

"Wake up," a female voice called out, pulling me from my peace that was the dark. "Wake up." A cool hand brushed my hair out of my face, and I groaned. "Open your eyes." It felt like I was on fire, my blood pulsing in time to the echo of Ari's pain I could still feel. I blinked my eyes opened and was grateful that the lights weren't on. I stared into Sarisa's bright red eyes and sighed.
"Did you kill our emergency stashes?" I asked and coughed to clear my throat.
"No," she said, straightening. "How are you feeling?"
"Like shit."
She hesitated. "Did you feel everything?"
"I don't think so. One minute I was having a conversation with Amaris, and the next I was screaming. The pain was so bad." I frowned and slowly sat up. "I think I threw up before passing out."
"You did," Sarisa said and grimaced. "Amaris showed us, and you? threw up quite a lot of blood."
"Where is Amaris anyways? I didn't hurt her, did I? And where is my sire?" I asked and bolted off the table, before I was even done asking the question.
"Wait," Sarisa spluttered as I flashed out the door. I didn't make it far, as she was all of a sudden there, her arms going around me and jerking me against her.
"Let me go," I said, grunting as I struggled to break free of her hold. She released me, but kept one hand firmly around my upper arm.
"I recommend that you not rush in there," she said gently. I paused, dread coming over me like a black tide. "She is in bad shape, and Tristan is about ready to kill anything or anyone that breathes the wrong way."
"Okay," I said and took in a deep breath.
"Cloak your aura. Any stir to the air causes your sire discomfort."
"She's awake?"
"No," she said quietly. "But she is somehow aware of everything around her. The slightest stir to the air or if something touches her; she lets out a whimper of pain."
"I? I don't know how to cloak myself." She nodded as a cool sensation settled over me.
"I've got you covered," she said and led me to the closed door I was headed for before she stopped me. She slowly opened it, and we stepped inside. I made a choked sound at the back of my throat as I got a look at Ari. A silver chain held down her ankles and wrists, but other than that, she was completely naked, and her entire body looked raw, angry, and red. The only one touching her was Freya-her pale hand gentle on Ari's head where it looked like new hair was growing in. Mewling sounds came from Ari, and Freya's eyes flashed with nothing but rage as she carefully stroked her fingers through the dark red strands of newly grown hair. "Where is Tristan?" Sarisa whispered, and I wanted to weep as Ari let out a moan.
"I forced him to go feed," Freya said just as soft. "He will not do her any good if he lost control."
"What about you?" Sarisa asked slowly.
"I will be fine," she said as I pulled away from Sarisa. Both vampires watched me as I stopped beside the table and just stared down at my sire.
"Will she be okay?" I asked and blinked away tears.
"Yes," Freya said and reached out. Taking my hand into her own cold one, she led me around the table and to a chair. "Sit, sweetheart." I did as I was told, unable to take my eyes away from Ari.
"Do I want to know what happened?"
"No," said Sarisa. "But I'll leave that up to Ari or Tristan to tell you, if you still wish to know."
I swallowed. "I don't want to know," I said softly. "Or not right at this moment." My skin tingled, and my insides wept as my sire let out a long, pained moan. Sarisa and I let out a gasp as Ari opened her eyes. Evelyn and Tristan appeared in the doorway, and they both froze as Ari's growls filled the room. Blinking, they stepped into the room, the door closing behind them with a snap. Tristan crouched beside the table, and Ari half growl, half groan as he took her hand into his.
"Another check?" Sarisa asked. At his nod, she went over to the counter lining up one wall and picked up a small clear plastic cup.
"What are you going to do?" I asked suspiciously.
"Is that your protective instinct kicking in I hear?" she asked as she stopped beside Tristan. "I'm going to check the color of her blood, and then I'll search inside her with my?" She paused and scowled.
"Glowing hand?" I offered helpfully. She grimaced but nodded. Freya carefully removed her hand from Ari's hair and got to her feet. Come, Skyler, she said into my mind. I scowled up at her. Come, she repeated, and only a growl from Tristan got my ass out of that chair. Freya opened the door, and I followed her out into the hall. "Why can't I be in there?" I complained as we turn left and walked to the elevator that was at the end of the hall.
"Because your sire wishes for you to leave. She does not want you to be a witness to her pain. You are in enough of your own already."
I blinked. "But," I spluttered as she gently but firmly ushered me into the elevator. I continued to splutter as the elevator all but shot us up to the main floor. When it opened, I swallowed a scream as an imp launched herself at us. Freya's hand shot out and caught the imp around the throat. The imp let out a choked noise as those glowing green eyes went wide.
"You better have news for me," Freya said softly, and the warning note in her voice had me shivering. The imp nodded, and her fluttering wings were all that kept her from hitting the floor as Freya released her. "Speak."
"She is here," the imp hissed. "Waiting just outside the ward."
"Who is with her?"
"Two hunters and a protector." Freya nodded, and I let out a gasp as everything went dark.
We appeared fifty feet or so from the blue transparent wall that was the ward. The imp let out a squeal as she launched herself at me, stopping just out of my personal space. Snarls reached my ears, and the unmistakable scent of sulfur hit me. Freya's eyes turned solid white, and the imp hissed, grabbing the front of my shirt before I could take an instinctive step back. "Enough!" Freya screamed, and I couldn't breathe as the weight of her aura settled around me. The fighting several yards to my left stopped, as if frozen in time. Liana's eyes widened as she saw Freya. "Shit," Jadianne breathed. "Rozalia-"
"I should not," Rozalia growled, interrupting her. "Freya will not allow her to be harm." Jadianne raised her hands as Freya let out a low, warning growl. Trynnadon came up to us; stopping out of Freya's grabbing range. The three still standing demons watched us curiously. Or rather, they were watching Freya, as if she amused them. They all stood at around four feet tall, with scaly green skin, bald with spikes running down the back of their heads, pointed ears, dark slanted red eyes, yellow claws, and a mouthful of sharp jagged teeth. The fourth demon was on the ground, twitching.
"Is this all of them?" Freya growled.
"It is," Trynnadon said and eyed her warily.
"Very well," she whispered and walked over to one of the still standing demons. "You will do nicely," she continued, and we watched as her hands shot out and grabbed the one in the middle. The other two went for the attack, but leapt back screeching and hissing as a wall of blue flame rose high into the sky, blocking our view from her and the demon she was choking. "Make another move towards me or mine," she hissed, and I shuddered. "We will find out just? how flammable you all are." The fire died, and the scent of Freya's blood hung heavy and thick in the air as the demon clawed her arms open. She moved to the downed demon, ignoring the pain as she unsheathed a transparent-like blade and drove it into the demon's chest. He imploded a split second later, nothing more than ash in the wind. "As for you," she growled to the one she was holding. She snapped both of his wrists, drawing a pained screech from him. "I am running low on demon blood so?" Rozalia finally released me, and she scuttled to Freya's side, a huge flask appearing in her hands. The air suddenly stirred, and my hands flew to cover my ears as Jailyn appeared behind Liana. The shadows around her writhed and screamed with fury as a couple of them detached themselves from the necromancer and rushed at the two demons that tried to help their friend Freya was about to kill. The two souls wrapped themselves around the two demons and dragged them kicking and screaming to Jailyn.
"I do not appreciate it," Jailyn said, her hypnotic voice ringing in the sudden silence that followed. "When you sons of bitches turn my headache," she growled. "Into a full-blown migraine." One of the demons let out a bloodcurdling scream, and I winced, hunching into myself against the pain in my head. "I do not appreciate it, when my former diligent student is angered to the point that her beast is clawing at her brain. I do not appreciate seeing her bleed." The last word was said in a guttural tone as the second demon joined the screaming contest. By this point, I was ready to run for my life. The problem was? I couldn't move. Their screams grew louder and louder, and tears blurred my vision as Freya staggered back a step, clutching her head. Hell, everyone was. The screams finally died off to be replaced with gurgling sounds, and if I lived to be a million years old, I did not want to know what was happening to them right at this second. "You have gone too far," Jailyn said softly, and I pray to whoever was listening that she never used that tone of voice with me. It was full of promises of death, and at the moment, I enjoyed living. "You all have played on my last ounce of sanity I have left. No one touches my family," she continued in a whisper that caused every hair on my body to stand on end. "No one," she hissed as the earth began to tremble. I suddenly found the ground rushing up to meet me, and I groaned as Trynnadon's hand shot out, catching me before said ground could connect with my face. The demons let out another scream, and I watched in horror as they began to? melt? When Jailyn was done with them a minute later, they were nothing more than a spec on the pavement. I? was going to have nightmares for a century. The necromancer cleared her throat and looked around. "So," she said cheerfully. "How are we all on this fine, fine afternoon?" She went over to Freya and helped her up. "You," she snapped to the remaining demon who stared at her in terror. "I want you to take this knife," she continued quietly. "And open up your throat." Rozalia tucked her wings closer to herself and stepped up beside the demon, putting the flask in front of him. "Do it," Jailyn whispered. "Or I will make you." When the demon still didn't move, Freya stepped up to his other side and let out a low growl.
"Here," she said, almost purring. "Allow me to do the honor." The blade flashed, before slicing open the demon's neck. "Not to worry," she whispered in the demon's ear. "Unlike your friends, you will survive," she said and began to chant.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-seven

KIRA

Whispering? was I hearing whispers? I scowled, and then groaned as my head began to pound. "Shut up," I said, annoyed. To my surprise, the whispering stopped.
"Tell me to shut up again, child," Tristan growled. "I will have a witch cast a mute spell on you."
"No, no need," I said quickly and opened my eyes. I slowly sat up and frowned at him. "Is something wrong?" I asked, because? I couldn't feel anything from him. I didn't even have the urge to squirm or get away from him. The only one I could feel in the room was Sven, who was standing as still as the dead by the closed door. The silence stretched on for so long, alarm bells began ringing in my head. "Sire?" I said slowly and went over to him. He was staring out the window, but seeing nothing. "Tristan? What's wrong?"
"Tell me something, sweetheart," he said quietly and turned to me. "If I were on the edge of death, what would you do?"
I blinked slowly at him. "Is this a tricked question?" He remained silent, and the alarm bells rang louder inside my head. I gulped. "I would do everything in my power to prevent you from dying, and not because if you die, we all die."
He blinked. "Would you?"
"Yes," Sven said from behind me, and I almost turned around and punch him a couple of times. "We would. We all would." Damn right, I silently muttered. Even though you're a fucking asshole on most days. Tristan glared at me, and I cursed.
"And," I said. "If someone had a hand in your dying, I would search hell, earth, abyss, Pluto, hell the fucking god damn motherfucking sun and make damn sure that someone suffers great, unimaginable agony for eternity." I scowled at him. "That goes for anyone in the family. I'm sure you all would do the same for me." I frowned. "Well, maybe not Brynna, but that's not the point." I grunted as Sven pushed a chair at me, knocking my legs out and forcing me to sit. "Okay seriously, what's going on?" Tristan let out a heavy sigh and closed in on me. One hand cupped my chin as the other one went to my shoulder. I swallowed hard. "It's bad, isn't it?"
"Yes," he growled softly and stared deeply into my eyes. "Brynna was pulled through a portal to hell a few days ago."
"What?" I shouted and forced myself to stop as pain clouded his eyes. "Sorry," I mumbled.
"And Ari was attacked by a Za'hara'gai demon early this morning, a couple of hours before dawn."
"I'm sorry," I said breathlessly. "What did you say?" With both hands on my shoulders, he pressed me back against my chair and growled. I cringed as his lower set of fangs extended to their full length.
"You will not do anything stupid," he snarled. "Or I will put you back to sleep and not wake you until this is all done and over with. Do you understand?" I nodded rapidly, and I did understand. I sure as hell did not want to miss out on all of the fun, because that was just plain unfair. Tristan narrowed his eyes suspiciously, but gave the briefest of a nod and stepped back.
"Can I see Ari?" He hesitated and grimaced. Letting out another sigh, he held out his hand to me. I put my hand into his, and he pulled me to my feet as everything went dark.
When the darkness lifted, I let out a gasp so loud that could wake up the dead. Air locked in my throat as I saw Ari, her entire body an angry, red color. It looked raw and painful as hell. She let out a pained groan as I made to touch her cheek. I froze, as her eyes snapped open, her? solid white eyes. I instinctively jerked my hand back, but luck was never, ever on my side. White hot pain slammed into me as Ari's fangs sank deep into my arm. I held back a scream as she pulled at my blood and her venom burned me. Sven cursed but didn't move to help me. "Oh," Sarisa said, stopping just inside the doorway. "Fuck me."
"No thanks," Sven muttered. "I prefer living if you don't mind."
"Jackass," she said, sighing as she came further into the room, stopping on my other side. I poked Ari's cheek gently, and I winced as her growl turned into a whimper.
"Release me," I wheezed. "Please," I finished with a groan. In response, Ari let out a strangled sound at the back of her throat. The chain around her ankles and wrists snapped, and I went flying. My back slammed into the wall, and I didn't have time to take in air as her fangs ripped into my neck. Sarisa was gaping at the table as Tristan, looking like he was in pain, walked up to us and put a hand on Ari's bare back.
"Sweetheart," he whispered in her ear. "Let her go." When all she did was snarl, he looked torn. I gave him a questioning look, and he sighed. Alexander appeared in the doorway, and Sarisa was a blur as she all but tackled him. Ari finally withdrew her fangs from my neck, only to let out a bloodcurdling scream. Tristan wrapped his arms around her as the door slammed shut. With his fangs bared, he flashed into another room as Sven offered his wrist to me.
"Did I do that to her?" I asked and sank my fangs into his wrist.
"No," he said, wincing as Ari continued to scream. "Your blood is no longer painful to other vampires." Great, I thought as Alexander and Sarisa entered the room a few seconds later.
"Get the fuck off of this floor!" Sarisa yelled over Ari's scream. "Your knife-like auras are hurting her. Get the fuck out, or I won't be the only one you all need to be worried about!" When the prickly, tingly feeling didn't leave fast enough, she let out a warning growl that even Tristan could appreciate. Damn, Sven said into my head as I took one last pull and withdrew my fangs. I like her. I smirked. Don't let Liana or Sergei hear you say that, I silently warned, and then laughed as fear flashed in his eyes. "Now!" Sarisa shrieked, and we winced. A few seconds later, I couldn't sense anything. "Took long enough," she growled as she slammed the door. She tapped something on the wall, and I blinked as a blue haze shimmered over the door, fading just as quickly as it came on. She said something about Freya as she led Alexander into the bathroom. Ari was no longer screaming, but I could hear her sobbing, and my stomach clenched painfully as a lump formed in my throat. A flash of rage entered Sven's eyes, but it was there and gone. He put a hand on my shoulder and led me into the bathroom where Ari was submerged to her neck in the icy water. Sarisa stood awkwardly beside Tristan who looked like he was having a silent conversation with Alexander. With a feral snarl, Tristan reached out, resting a hand on Ari's forehead. He leaned forward, looking her in the eye. With a curse, he straightened and stepped back. Alexander crouched beside the tub and with a growl, ripped into his wrist and pressed the bleeding wound to Ari's mouth. Ari let out a snarl, her pain forgotten as her hands shot from the water and clamped around his arm. Alexander winced as she tore into him.
"Uh," I said, clearing my throat and trying very hard to ignore the burning pain from the venom. "She will be okay? right?"
"She will be," Sarisa said as she reached out and pulled me to her. Her hand moved down to my own, and she clasped it as her hand glowed white. My own hand tingled as warmth spread from my fingertips, up my arm to course through my entire body in a rush. When she was done, I let out a shudder.
"Handy trick," Sven said, grumbling under his breath. "Hey, Tristan?" Tristan glanced over, scowling. "Do you think you can bite Sarisa, steal-ow!" he exclaimed as our sire's hand shot out and smacked him upside the head hard.
"You deserve that," Sarisa said dryly as he rubbed his head. He put up his hands, grimacing in pain. "What do you say?" Sarisa asked sweetly.
"Sorry," he said, groaning as his nose began to bleed.
"Good," Sarisa said cheerfully and released him. "For that, I won't heal you."
"Never mind," he muttered. "I don't like you." She snorted and glanced at Ari, sighing in relief when she saw that Ari was no longer conscious. "Damn demons," Sven growled as Tristan lifted Ari from the water.
"Why is the water blue?" I asked, noticing the slight tint of it in the tub for the first time.
"Magic," Alexander said, grunting as he straightened.
"Is magic always blue?"
"It's not the spell that's blue," Sarisa said as we followed her and Tristan from the bathroom.
"It's not?"
"No, it's the caster's signature. You know, like leaving a mark that is uniquely yours to warn others not to fuck with you or to identify to the others who you are without actually being present."
"Oh," I said and nodded. "Freya?"
"What?" a female voice said from the doorway that led out into the hall, and I let out a yelp, my eyes going to the tall vampire with ice-blonde hair and pitch-black eyes.
"You're the one that tried to kill me," I spluttered.
"Hardly," she said and stepped into the room, closing the door behind her with a soft snap. Her eyes went to Alexander and narrowed dangerously.
"I'm Ari's sire," Alexander said quickly, putting up both hands and slowly backing away.
"Ah," she said and relaxed slightly. She glanced over to Tristan and must have said something telepathically to him, because he nodded and straightened. Sarisa flashed over to him and whispered something I couldn't make out into his ear. He hesitated, glancing down at the sleeping form of Ari.
"I would die to protect her," the hunter said softly. "Alexander and I will not let anything happen to her. I give you my word. Now go." She glanced around the room and scowled at the door as a knock sounded. Freya opened it to find Donnica standing in the darkened hall. "All of you."
"I'm staying," Donnica said and glanced nervously up at Freya.
Sarisa groaned and rubbed her temples. "Fine," she growled. "Let her through," she said with a heavy sigh.
"Hey," Donnica said defensively as Freya stepped back to let her enter. "I have nothing better to do, and besides, I rather watch over and protect Ari." She flashed to Sven's side and waved to Tristan, who bared his fangs at her. She sighed. "You have not changed in the slightest bit since the last time I saw you," she said and grumbled. He growled, exiting the room with Freya and Sven a step behind him. I took a step toward them, sighing as Donnica stopped me with a cool hand on my arm. "You're with us," she said sternly. "If anything happens to you, no one will be safe from your sire." Do not even think about defying me, Tristan growled into my mind. I gasped as pain slowly built in my head. Because it will not be your own stupidity that kills you. Groaning, I clutched at my head. Do I make myself clear?
"Yes," I wheezed mentally and out loud. The pain slowly eased, and I took in a deep, deep breath. Good, my sire mentally whispered. If I feel so much as a hint of you in trouble, you will wish for death when I see you. I gulped as I felt him leaving my head.
"Had a nice conversation with Tristan?" Donnica asked.
"Shut up," I groaned, hopping onto the counter and letting my head hit the wall with a thump. I glanced at Ari, still angry red and raw-looking. "Why is she not healing like normal?"
"Because she was burned by demon fire, struck by lightning wielded by a demon, and she had demon blood in her," said Sarisa. "Though she is no longer burning nor have demon blood in her, her energy had been stolen."
"She had plenty of energy when she snapped the chain and attacked me," I said, spluttering.
"That," she said dryly. "Was her beast in her full glory."
I shifted, scowling. "How will she get it back? I'm guessing it won't return just by sleeping."
"Tristan will feed her the moment I give the okay."
I nodded. "Shouldn't the blood help?"
"It is. But remember, she was attacked by a demon and one of the upper-class ones." Sarisa pulled an IV stand over to the bed and hooked Ari up to it. "Donnica, you want to load up on blood?"
"Sure thing," Donnica said and flashed to the closed door next to the bathroom. "Is this it?" Sarisa nodded, and Donnica opened it, stepping inside. A moment later, I heard the opening of a door, followed by the sounds of plastic.
"Want help?" I called to her.
"I got it." I nodded and slipped from the counter. "Thanks though." I grunted as I walked to the door that led out into the hall.
"Stay out of trouble," Sarisa said as I opened it and stepped from the room.
"I always do," I said as I turned left and headed for the elevator.
"I mean it," she growled.
I sighed. "I won't do anything stupid," I said, annoyed as I hit the up button. "I swear."
"You better not," she snapped as I stepped inside, and the doors slid shut. I held onto the railing as I was shot up to the main floor. I exited the elevator and pushed my way outside into the night, my skin tingling as the two hunters eyed me. I had no idea who they were, and I resisted the urge to start up a conversation with them as I walked into the surrounding forest. I paused, blinking in surprise as Aaron stepped from behind one of the trees, a flashlight in his hand.
"This place is confusing," he said and frowned at me.
"How the hell did you get through the wards?"
"I didn't. Corinne teleported me in," he said and shrugged.
"I take it that you are allowed here since you're still alive and talking to me." He again shrugged, rubbing his arms. "Where is Alyssa?"
"In the sparring room? I think."
"Want me to take you anywhere in particular?"
He shook his head. "I'll find my way back, came out here to explore."
I nodded. "Be careful, there are a lot of vampires out and about."
"Is your sire one of them?" he asked and looked around. I smirked as I caught a hint of fear rolling off of him. "If he is, I'm jumping into the stream." I laughed, shaking my head. "He was going to kill me," he said and aimed the flashlight my way. I squeezed my eyes shut, turning my head away from the bright ass glare. "So is he?"
"No, he's not. Don't worry, he's nowhere nearby." Aaron actually let out a sigh of relief, and I held back another smirk. "If you run into any problems, just yell. There are ears everywhere."
"Yeah, I know," he said and shuddered. "I can feel them, even though I can't see them."
"Well," I said and started walking back. "Have fun exploring. I'm going to find your girlfriend before she blows something up."
"She's not-" I flashed from the forest before he could even finish the sentence.
I found Alyssa, not in the sparring room, but on one of the prison floors. I scowled as I came up behind her and tapped her on the shoulder. She turned, and I glared at her. "The hell are you doing down here?" I whispered, so low that none of the prisoners but her can hear. "Are you insane? Some of these prisoners are over a thousand years old." I glanced around, holding back a shiver as all of the prisoners eyed us silently and hungrily. The ones not watching us curiously were the ones lying in torpor in their cells. Most of them were rogues, but some of them? were not. They were all here for judgment or to be sentence on a later date.
"I was curious," Alyssa whispered and scowled. "I'm not interacting with them in any way. I'm just? observing."
"Observing can get you killed, idiot," I hissed and took her arm, dragging her toward the opened door I came through. Once through, I slammed the heavy door shut and armed it.
"Don't go in there again," Iris said from behind us. We nodded and turned to her. She reached past us to re-arm the keypad beside the door. "I was curious myself when I saw you coming this way, so I disarmed the security system," she said and glared at Alyssa. "I mean it. Don't come back down here, not unless you have a very, very good reason."
Alyssa nodded. "Sorry, it won't happen again."
"Make sure that it doesn't," Iris said and nodded toward the stairs. "Go on, I have a report to write up." Alyssa groaned as we climbed the multiple flights of stairs.
"I didn't do anything wrong!" I called down to Iris. Her laugh rang in my head as Alyssa and I finally hit the residential floors. "You know," I said to Alyssa as we walked into the common area. "Reading would really do you some good."
"Not you, too," she groaned.
"I don't get it. What the fuck is wrong with reading a couple of books? It's not like you're going to die from it."
"Of course she can," Audrianna said and threw a huge bound book at her, grumbling when Alyssa caught it. I shoved her onto the couch and pointed to the book in her hands. "Read it," Audrianna said and smirked. "Trust me, you'll like it."


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-eight

DAVINA

Freya's warning still rang in my mind as I watched Lily draw runes on a piece of printing paper in my office. I didn't know much about runes, but I sure as hell was going to teach her everything I knew about them. No sooner had that thought cross my mind when I heard a window being blown out somewhere nearby. My office door was slammed open, and an out of breath Brianna wheeled herself inside. "I swear," she said, grunting. "I need an electric wheelchair. Why my parents went with the old fashion style I have no fucking idea." Lily jumped to her feet and looked around frantically. "Seth and Leo are on their way here," she continued, grabbing her sister's wrist. "Along with Jane, Amaris, and Natalia."
"Vampires?" Lily asked.
"Since I can't smell sulfur, I assume it is vampires," I said and got up.
"It is," Natalia hissed, stepping inside followed by Seth, Leo, Jane, and Amaris in her wolf form.
"How many?" I asked.
"A lot," she said, her fangs flashing. "Over a dozen."
"Can we help?" Seth asked, glancing out the door before slamming it shut. He grunted as Amaris launched herself at him, causing him to stagger back several steps before catching himself by grabbing onto the desk. "I'll take that as a no." He looked to his twin. "We're useless." Leo snorted, leaning against the wall beside the window and peeking behind the curtains every now and then.
"Stop that," I said and frowned at him. "Go sit." I nodded to the couch at the other side of the office. "Bri, Jane, Lily, Seth and Leo, you all stay here. Amaris, you're with me." The werepup nodded as I opened the door as stepped out. "Natalia, you know what to do," I said as I casted a spell on the door.
"I do," the vampire child said and slammed the door on me. There was a coughing sound, and I glared down at Amaris, laughter in her silver eyes. Without a word, she turned and raced down the hall with me close behind her. As we made it to the front lobby, I could hear snarls and curses, along with incantations. I ducked as a fireball came directly at me. Damn it, I thought and scowled as a witch I didn't know stopped in front of me. She had middle-length strawberry-blonde hair and bright green eyes, her smile nowhere near friendly. It was cold and calculating.
"Davina is it?" she asked softly.
"Who are you?" I said as a fireball appeared in my hand.
"No time for introductions I'm afraid," she said and turned, throwing a white-hot whip at the closest rogue's neck, severing it in a split second. Amaris let out a howl that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end before launching herself out the door.
"Amaris," I hissed. "If I find you dead, I'm going to come after your spirit ass and throttle you." I ran after her, letting loose with my fireballs as I went. Snarls turned into screams of agony as I struck my targets. One grabbed me, and I let out a small scream as fangs tore into my shoulder. Amaris came out of nowhere, jumping on the rogue and tearing into the back of his neck as she sent both of us to the floor. He cursed, shoving off of me and slamming her into the wall. Amaris let out a yelp, releasing him and hitting the floor hard. The rogue turned, and I grabbed his ankle and yanked as a spell flew from my mouth. He screamed as I melted him from the inside out. More spells flew through the air, creating a display of colorful lights, but there was nothing harmless about them as heads pop off shoulders, burning or exploding body's flying through the air. Amaris let out a snarl, getting to her feet as magic rolled off of her. "Witches! Take cover!" I shouted as I got to my feet and ran as far as I could from her. The witch with strawberry-blonde hair glanced at me, past me, and then ducked behind a desk as an explosion sounded. I ran upstairs to the second floor, before turning and looking over the railing as bloodcurdling screams filled the air. As the maelstrom of uncontrolled magic swirled and build, the remaining rogues dropped dead, one by one, as Amaris all but turn them into nothing more than blood and bones. When it was over, the little girl stood naked in the center of it all, breathing hard and shaking as blood poured from her nose. A slow clap sounded, and I turned to the broken front door where Freya stood, an amused expression on her face. I went back downstairs, and when I got to Amaris, I slowly sat and pulled her into my arms as she whimpered and groaned in pain. The witches came out of cover, and I nodded to them. Without a word, they went back to whatever they were doing while half a dozen stayed behind to clean up. "Damn vampires," I muttered. The one witch I didn't know, walked over to Freya, and I scowled as she said something to the vampire. Amaris went limp in my arms, her breathing deepening, turning into a more even rhythm as she fell asleep.
"I'll get her cleaned up and put her to bed," Carolyn said from behind me as I stood up. Turning to her, I nodded. My daughter took Amaris from me, glancing nervously at Freya and the unknown witch before disappearing through a door that led to the back of the building. Grumbling under my breath, I walked toward them, the prickling aura of Freya becoming more painful as I drew near.
"You," Freya said quietly to me as I stopped before them. "Are bleeding and covered in blood." I pressed my hand to my shoulder wound, wincing as I muttered a healing spell. As my skin knitted back together, I grimaced. I was never going to get used to the weird itchy feeling.
"Who are you?" I asked, glowering at the witched standing beside her.
"Nolita," the witch said and took a step back from Freya as my neck began to tingle.
"If you bite me, I will turn you inside out," I warned, taking a step back.
Freya smiled, and chills skittered down my spine. "Turn me inside out," she said thoughtfully. "Get that." I didn't even see her move. One second I was inside, the next I found myself outside and behind my building, out of public eye. Nolita of course, was nowhere in sight. Her ice-cold hand was the only thing keeping me upright as my world spun and dizziness took me over. "You are one of the elders here, but yet, you have not impressed me." When she was sure I wouldn't fall on my face, she reluctantly released me. "I am beginning to wonder how you got the position." I glared at her. "Tell me, Davina, what is the most complex spell you can cast without getting a nose bleed or a headache for your efforts? Your adopted daughter saved the day, granted it was because of her uncontrolled magic, but she gets all the credit in my opinion none the less."
"What do you know about magic?" I snapped.
"Oh," she said softly. "I know quite a bit," she said dryly. I scowled at her. "I am wondering if it would be wise for you to enter hell with us to rescue one of my own." I felt the stirring of the air, and I glanced around as Evelyn appeared several feet away from us.
"Freya, Davina," Evelyn said in greeting.
"Evelyn," Freya said, not taking her eyes off of me as Nolita came into sight. She glared at the back of Freya's head as she stopped behind her. Evelyn glanced at Nolita, her eyes going to the witch's left hand where a bloodstone ring glinted.
"Are you going to introduce us?" Evelyn asked.
Freya scowled. "There is no point."
Evelyn smirked and looked at me. "What is your specialty?" she asked as I tried very hard not to look her directly in the eye.
"Witches don't go around sharing their specialties," I said, and then gasped as pain exploded in my head. My world blurred and my vision darkened as Evelyn slammed me against the side of the building, her hand like cold steel around my neck. I instinctively reached up, trying to loosen her grip. It was like trying to move a fucking brick wall. Evelyn bared her fangs, leaning in as I struggled to breathe.
"What," she whispered in my ear. "Is. Your. Specialty?" I tried to answer, but all that came out was a choking sound. Evelyn's grip around my throat loosened a little, enough for me to wheeze in air.
"Fire," I choked out. With a low growl, she released me, stepping back as I doubled over and gasped for much, much needed air.
"You made her bleed," Freya groaned.
"Forgive me," Evelyn said as I reached to the back of my head. I grimaced as my fingers came away with blood. Both vampires eyed them as I wiped my hand on my dirty shirt. "Why do you always have to be so difficult?" Evelyn growled and glared at me.
I shrugged. "It's in my nature to piss everyone off." Invisible barbs dug into my neck, and my eyes widened-a scream stuck in my throat as fingers of fiery pain licked up and down my body.
"If I were you," Freya said slowly, softly. "I be careful." She closed in on me, and my head nearly exploded as her magic slammed into me. Fucking. Shit. "Just because you are one of the elders of your kind, it does not mean you are immune from death."
"Is that a warning?" I gasped as tears blurred my vision. "A threat?"
"Yes," she whispered into my ear, drawing out the word as my world? fell away from me.

AISLEY

Shit! I thought as I ran, seeing red as I heard four soft pops going off and heard the screams of my friends before they were abruptly cut off. I didn't have to look back to know they were dead before they hit the ground. I let out a scream, cursing at the two demons chasing me. I had no idea where I was running to, but fuck them if they thought I was going to just stand still and allow them to kill me. I ducked as a bullet whizzed through the air toward me, missing me by an inch. Unsheathing a blade, I straightened and continued running as I threw it over my head. Judging by the pain grunt that followed a second later, my aim was dead-on. "God fucking damn it!" I yelled as I saw more demons up ahead. I was so dead, I thought as I let out a low snarl. Cold wind slapped my face as I changed direction. "Fuck," I spat, and then launched myself into the air as I shifted to my panther form. The four demons ran at me, and I screamed as they aimed assault rifles my way and began shooting. I dodged several bullets, but I couldn't dodge them all as unimaginable pain slammed into me, robbing me of breath. I somehow continued moving, my blood spraying into the air like a cloud of red mist. I had been shot with silver a few times, and this pain was much more agonizing. My movements slowed, pain racking every inch of me as bullets continued to fly. My vision darkened and narrowed as I slowed even more-my screams and the rush of blood so loud in my ears that I no longer heard the shots. Damn, I thought as the cold became colder. What a fucking lame way to go. Oh hey, just curious, how did you die again? Oh? I don't know? I got filled with bullets. Silver bullets? Nope, demon blood. Yeah? just? awesome. My vision narrowed to pinpricks, and I was freezing as darkness swept over me.
Aisley Brunsdale, a whispering voice hissed, drawing out my name longer than it was necessary. Come to me. Go away, I silently mumbled. Come to me, the voice repeated in my mind. I felt a tugging in the center of my being, pulling me forward. Who are you? I silently asked as shudders came over me. Jesric, he said, and I could've sworn I heard exasperation in his mental, whispery voice. I'm dead, aren't I? I asked. "Not for long," Jesric growled, no longer in my head.
"Oh god," I gasped. "Please tell me it's pain free."
"I'm afraid not," he said softly as ice cold hand closed around my wrist. I gulped. "Don't fight the pain. Take a deep breath and ride it out." I nodded, and he released me. I couldn't see anything but darkness as my insides felt like they were being squeezed. Something hit me in the center of my chest, and I screamed as blinding pain took me over.
"Okay," Sarisa said as I drifted in the void. "You can bite her, and make it quick." There was a long pause, and she cursed. "As quick as possible, then." Fangs drove into my neck, and if I could move or make a sound, I would have. I must have faded again, because the next thing I knew, something hot, metallic and sweet was pouring down my throat. I growled as I grabbed at the arm, driving my fangs in deeper. Wait? fangs? Holy shit. I tried to stop gulping down the blood, but it was like my mind had a mind of its own. Question, Jesric said dryly into my mind. I would've rolled my eyes at him but? I was too busy swallowing. Teleportation? Do you have to ask? I silently asked. He didn't answer, but a second later, his blood seemed to tingle in my mouth, and I once again, fell into the void.
"Damn it!" I yelled as my eyes flew open.
"You're welcome," Jesric said from behind me, and I realized that he was holding me.
"Damn it!" I repeated. "Thanks for saving me, but damn it!" Sarisa, standing across the room, burst out laughing.
"Is that all you can say?"
"Yes, just-" He pressed a cold finger to my lips, cutting me off.
"Stop," he said as I drew his finger into my mouth and bit down hard. I groaned as blood trickled onto my tongue. He jerked his finger out, and I growled. Chuckling, he turned his hand and offered his wrist to me. My head snapped forward, and he grunted as I sank my fangs in deep. Sarisa came over, sitting on the edge of the bed as she watched us thoughtfully. A tornado suddenly filled the room, and Jailyn appeared beside the bed, cursing vehemently. Casiar appeared beside her, and they both looked at us.
"I can't believe it," Casiar muttered. "I'm seeing things," he said and made a show of rubbing his eyes.
"Casiar," Jailyn said, exasperated.
"What?" he asked innocently.
"I will punch you."
He glanced between me and Jesric and groaned. "We have a granddaughter, we're getting old. Do you think we can retire early?"
"Love?" Jailyn said softly.
"Yes, dear?"
"If you don't start acting your age, I will punch you."
He put up his hands and took a step away from her. "Okay," he said slowly. "Okay."
"Stop," Jesric said, and I growled in protest. "I said stop." With those three words came the overwhelming need to obey. Snarling, I withdrew my fangs and glared. "Lick it." My tongue darted out, and I licked at the wound, closing it. His hand shot out, snatching the blood bag from Jailyn.
"So uh?" I hesitated, licking the remaining blood from my mouth. "What happened? And uh? what time is it?"
"It's fifteen minutes 'til nine," Sarisa said, and I frowned. "Pm." I blinked. "You've been out of it for a day and half of the night last night." She shuddered, slipping off the bed and walking over to the small table beside the closed door. She picked up a small container, scowling at it. "You don't remember?" she asked quietly.
I leaned forward, frowning. "I don't want to," I said and grumbled. Behind me, Jesric cursed. I glanced over my shoulder at him as he dropped another empty plastic bag onto the table beside the bed. "It's going to come back to me, is it?" Sarisa grunted, and I turned my head to look at her. "Damn," I muttered. I glanced down at myself and yelped, realizing a little too late that I was completely naked. Before I could do anything about it, everything came back to me in a rush. Gasping, I cringed, remembering the flying bullets, the pain, and my two friends dying? I let out an anguished scream as my skin prickled with the need to change. Enraged, I struggled, cursing at Jesric as he held me effortlessly against him. He didn't say anything. No one said anything as I continued to struggle, curse, and scream. I screamed and screamed, until I couldn't scream anymore. I went limp in Jesric's arms and cried like a baby. I cried? until blissful darkness pulled me under.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-nine

I slowly blinked my eyes open. Taking in everything, I noticed that I was lying on a different bed and in another room. I felt a presence with me, and I looked around. Jesric stood leaning against the wall, watching me. "I'm okay," I said with a sigh.
"Are you?" he asked and pushed from the wall. He came over, and the bed dipped as he sat. I nodded. "Change for me." Blinking, I just stared at him. "You're going to make me say it, are you?" Shrugging, I threw the blanket off of me and slipped out of bed. Reaching deep inside myself, I let the hot tingling sensation wash over me as I shifted into my small kitten form. My two front paws hit the floor with a thump, and I glanced up at Jesric, my eyes narrowing. "Good," he said and frowned at me. "You can change back, if you like." I nodded and shifted back to my human form. Getting to my feet, I dropped onto the bed and crossed my arms.
"I need clothes."
"I can see that," he said dryly. There was a tap on the door before it was pushed open. "You're in luck." Corinne stepped into the room and came over to us, holding out a plastic bag to me. I took it from her and nodded my thanks.
"Can you still shift?" the redheaded vampire asked. "Oh, before I forget, welcome to the family."
I snorted. "Thanks," I drawled. "And yes, I can still shift." She nodded, and I quickly dressed in a white T-shirt and a pair of black jeans. "So, how many times was I shot?" I asked, taking the two bags of blood from her. I quickly drained them and scowled when no one answered. I crumpled up the plastic bags and threw it at Jesric who caught it. "How many?"
He sighed. "Thirty-three."
I stared at him blankly. "I'm sorry, how many times?" I asked again.
"Thirty-three," Jesric repeated.
"You're fucking with me."
"Am I?"
"No fucking way," I said and ran out of the room.
"Hey, wait up," Corinne said as she followed me. I grunted as a tendril of shadow came out of nowhere and pulled me to a stop. Corinne came to a stop beside me, smirking.
"Where are you going?" Jesric asked from behind me. I looked around and frowned, because I had no idea where I was. I knew I was on the residential floor, but that was all.
"Tell me you guys didn't throw away the bullets," I said and glared at the ceiling.
"We did not," he said slowly. "Why?" he asked cautiously as the icy cold tendril dropped from me.
"I need to see them for myself."
"I? see."
"I'll take you," Corinne said and put a hand on my arm.
"Do you know where they are?" Jesric asked dryly.
"No, but I'm pretty sure they're stored in a container of some kind and on the medical floor? somewhere." He grunted and put a hand on my shoulder. A second later, everything went dark. When we appeared back in the room I was in earlier, Sarisa was waiting for us. She held the container in her hand as if it was going to bite her. Jesric took it from her and popped the lid, setting it on the counter beside Corinne. Turning, I looked inside and winced. The bullets were covered in blood, and I wondered how on earth I was going to count them. I shuddered as I was hit with phantom pain. Cursing, I glared at the plastic container. Jesric dropped the lid beside it and looked at me expectantly.
"What?" I asked and scowled.
"Think about what you want to do and will it to happen." I narrowed my eyes at the bloody misshapen bullets and willed myself to mentally pick one up. I shouldn't have been surprised that it worked, but I was. I dropped the bullet on the lid and began to count, getting more and more annoyed by the second. When I was done counting, I still couldn't believe it. Yep, I was shot thirty-three times. Thirty-three. Fucking? times.
"Really?" I spluttered. "Really? They had to put an extra three bullets into me? Really? What is wrong with them?" I asked, fuming. Yes, I knew that it was stupid to be pissed over such a thing, but honestly, thirty-three? Why? Why not thirty? Or twenty? Or hell, why not just shoot me once and be done with it? But oh no, they've decided to shoot me thirty-three times instead, as if a single bullet wasn't fucking painful enough to begin with. Stupid! God damn! Demons and their fucking logic! They've ruin everything! Grrr!
"Aisley?" Sarisa said cautiously.
"What?" I snapped and glanced around. "Oh? sorry," I muttered. "Got a little carried away."
"Yeah," she said slowly. "I had to get your attention before you decided to do something stupid." She pointed, and I looked down, realizing that I was holding the edge of the plastic lid, as if I was about to pick it up and throw it.
"Oh," I said and dropped my hand back to my side.
"I'll just take this," Jesric said slowly and picked up both lid and container. His head tilted slightly, as if listening to something or someone. He shrugged, dumping the bullets back into the container and closing it before it vanished into thin air. I ran my hands through my hair and cursed under my breath. Chuckling, Jesric put a hand on my shoulder, and everything once again went dark.
"Have a seat," Jesric said, applying pressure to my shoulder until I sat. I looked around and studied the wall of monitors with interest.
"Your office?" I asked.
"No, but this is where I mostly spend my time when I'm not out? working."
"Don't you get bored?"
He shrugged, hitting a switch on the desk. "Natalia, where are you headed, sweetheart?" I glanced at the monitors, spotting the little girl in the one that was focused on the elevator. Natalia looked up, a cup in her hands.
"Ari," she replied and pouted.
"Did Sarisa say you can see her?" She nodded, sticking the straw end of the cup into her mouth.
"Okay, be very careful, sweetie."
"I will, I promise."
"Good girl, are you ready to go down? It will be fast." She nodded and grabbed onto the railing. "Hold on tight," he warned, and when she took in a deep breath and nodded, he pushed a button labeled M1. Natalia let out a squeak as the elevator dropped. Smirking, he hit the switch to off.
"Is there medium and slow? Or does it just have the one speed?" I asked.
"If you're not gravely injured or dying, you don't get to have the smooth ride down."
"Oh, that is just lovely."
"Very," he said and turned to me. "Now, do you have any questions for me?"
I shrugged, frowning in thought. "I'm faster than average right?"
"Right," he said as someone knocked. "You're also stronger than average."
"Am I faster and stronger than you?" I asked a little hopefully.
"Judging by the fact that I am four thousand years older than you?" he drawled, and I winced.
"I'll take that as a no," I said and grumbled.
"And you would be right."
"Am I stronger than the fledglings?"
"Yes, though I'm not sure if you are against Kira or Corinne. Ask them to spar with you one day."
I nodded. "I think I might just do that," I said and turned to the door to find an imp waiting there. If Jesric hadn't put a restraining hand on my arm, I would have launched myself out of my chair to rip her head off.
"Ketra, what do you have for me?" The imp stepped through the door and scuttled to him, a small notebook in her hand. She handed it to him, and he nodded, taking it from her. "Thank you." She nodded and scuttled back out the door, disappearing down the hall. "A word of advice. Don't attack any of the demons here. In fact, don't attack any of them unless they attack you first." I nodded. "They're not the ones responsible for killing you," he said softly, gently squeezing my arm before dropping his hand from me.
"I know," I said with a heavy sigh. "Speaking of the ones who shot me, what happened to them?" I asked and got to my feet.
"I killed them, though one managed to escape."
"Damn," I muttered.
"Damn indeed." I walked to the opened door and peeked out. At the end of the short hallway was another door. "If you head down the hall and go through that door, you'll find the kitchen. There are bags after bags of blood in the refrigerator. Help yourself."
I nodded. "Thanks," I said and stepped from the room.
At the end of the darkened hall, I pushed open the door and stepped through it. Come to think of it, the entire building was dark except for the single light over the window that looked out toward the entrance. Spotting the large refrigerator, I walked over and pulled it open. I whistled when I saw that it was indeed, filled with blood. On the refrigerator's door were bottles of water, bottles of sparkling flavored water, different types of juices, sodas, PowerAde's, Gatorades, and more. Wow, I thought in amusement. They don't just stock up on blood, they went all out. "You should see what we have in the drawers and cabinets." I cursed, closing the refrigerator and turning around.
"Skyler," I said and scowled at her.
"Wow," she said, coming to a stop in front of me. "Did you know your green eyes ringed with blue are now ringed with red too?" I blinked. "I'm guessing the red will darkened when you're hungry. If you're starving, I'm thinking the black will swallow the blue too. If you're really, really, really hungry, I bet it will swallow up the green until your eyes are fully black. Oh, your skin is also paler than normal."
I winced. "Don't tell me my hair is pink. If you do, I just might have to murder you."
She laughed, shaking her head. "Don't worry. Still black, and no pink anywhere in sight."
"How comforting," I said dryly.
"You must be Aisley," she said and held out her hand.
"I am, and you must be Skyler," I said and shook her outstretched hand. "It's finally nice to meet you."
She nodded. "Same," she said, pulling her hand from mine. "I actually came to find you."
"Oh?" I asked, opening the nearest drawer to me.
She again nodded. "Come with me, and you can take whatever you like. We have plenty to share." Grunting, I grabbed a large bag of sour patch kids and followed her from the kitchen.
"So," I said, opening my bag of candy and popping a few into my mouth. "Where are we going?"
"The residential floor," she said as the elevator opened. We stepped inside, and she hit the button marked R1. I reached out, grabbing the railing in time as the lift dropped us.
"P?" I asked. "The hell does that stand for?"
"Prison," she said as we stepped out.
"Oh," I spluttered, mentally slapping myself as she led me down a hallway. "Guess my IQ dropped a point or two in result of me becoming a vampire."
Skyler snorted. "You start losing brain cells by the end of the year. So you have that to look forward to," she said sarcastically.
"I can't wait," I said dryly as she stopped before a door and opened it.
"This is my apartment," she said and stepped aside for me to enter. She followed me inside and closed the door behind us. "Elena?" Skyler called out as we took the ten steps or so down into the living room. "Kira? Alyssa? Get your asses out here." I looked around, taking in the purple carpet and white walls. Situated around the apartment were a couple of couches, tables and chairs. Lining up one wall were a couple of bookshelves filled with a good amount of books. One of the doors opened, and Kira, Alyssa, and Elena stepped out. Kira flashed over to me, and I grunted as she gave me a bear hug. I gave her a one-armed hug as she pulled back.
"Are we having a slumber party?" I asked suspiciously. I continued eating my sour patch as Skyler led me to a couch and gently pushed me onto it. "An intervention of some kind?" I asked when no one answered. I scowled. "Do I have to keep guessing?" Skyler picked up a small plain-looking white box and held it out to me. "What's this?" I asked slowly and took it from her. "It better not be a bomb."
"It's not," Kira said, smirking. "Just open it." I looked to Skyler, who nodded. Jesric, I mentally hissed. There was the slightest of a stir in my mind, and it was strange to say the least. If they blow me up, I want you to avenge me. Jesric's low laugh sounded in my head, and I grimaced. You have my word, he mentally drawled. Shrugging, I opened the box, and just stared at the iPhone inside.
"Jesric said your stuff was destroyed," Skyler said and shifted uncomfortably. "So? Kira and I uh, went on a shopping spree." I carefully reached inside and picked up the phone. "It's a 5S? under your name and everything." Speechless, I just stared at the shiny screen of the phone. I could still feel Jesric's surprise in my head as I looked up at them.
"I? I don't know what to say," I finally said, swallowing.
"Say nothing," Skyler said, taking the phone charger, earbuds, and plan information from the box and putting them on the table before trashing it. "Think of it as? a welcome to the family gift from us to you."
"We got you other stuff, too," Kira said and set a bag on the couch beside me. This was why they were asking me all these weird questions, Jesric silently muttered. I should've expected something was up.
"Thank you," I said, feeling? oddly welcomed. "Those two little words aren't enough to express my thanks, but it's all I can think of to say."
"Think nothing of it," she said assuredly. "Besides, we need something happy for once." She leaned in, and Skyler eyed her suspiciously. "By the way," she whispered in my ear. "Alyssa is a fucking bitch. She didn't help."
"What?" Alyssa spluttered, smacking Kira on the back of her head as she straightened. "I did help, you bitch!"
"Twenty bucks."
"I chipped in more than that!" Alyssa exclaimed and continued to splutter in outrage. I couldn't help it, I laughed. To piss her off even more, I kicked her just for the hell of it. "Ow! Aisley!" she groaned, rubbing at her shin. Chuckling, I pulled her into my arms and hugged her.
"However much you chipped in, thank you. Even if it was only a dollar." I smirked, grunting as she elbowed me in the side. I released her, and she straightened, scowling down at me.
"You're welcome, I'm just glad you're still with us." I nodded.
"So," Kira said, walking over to the bookshelves. "What shall we torment Alyssa with today?"
"Nooooo!" Alyssa moaned before cursing at Kira. She flopped onto the couch, still cursing and looking miserable.
"Honestly," said Kira. "How in the world's fuck did you get through high school and college?"
Alyssa shrugged. "Please, can I go without reading for a day?" I looked to Skyler, to Kira, and then to Elena. They looked back at me in turn, and then we all stared at Alyssa who had a terrified look on her face.
"No," we said in unison. And with that, several books flew at her, forcing her to catch them, or let them hit her.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty

TRISTAN

The echo of Ari's pain was almost unbearable. How I was still walking and talking, I had no idea. Breathing alone was like breathing in fire. Shuddering, I glared at my computer screen and resisted the urge to fry my hard drives. "Tristy." Jordana's singsong voice reached me from down the hall. Oh? I silently growled. If anyone else other than Jordana called me that? Saliva surged into my mouth, and the taste of venom was not far behind. Claws sprang from my fingertips and at the same time, my lower set of fangs shot to their full length. I bared them, as they pulse and throbbed with the need to bite something or someone. I growled, digging my claws into my palms. "Tristan?" Jordana said from the doorway, her sanity back intact for the time being. I, on the other hand, was fast losing mine the longer Ari remained down for the count. "Can I come in?" Unable to answer her, I shook my head. "I'll just go now and send Freya over," she said slowly, and I nodded. I felt her leaving, and I didn't move for the longest of times. Snarling, I launched myself out of my chair and flashed to the window. Hot blood dripped from my hands to the floor as I stared out into the water. My beast clawed at me, demanding to be freed. Oh, how he wanted out, now more so than ever. A cold hand rested on my arm, squeezing gently.
"Sire?" Freya's calm, soft voice barely penetrated my fog of a mind. I slowly turned to her, inhaling the scent of eucalyptus and mint that was unique to her. With much more effort than was necessary, I willed my claws to retract and pulled my child to me. Her arms went around me as I nuzzled her neck. "Come outside with me," she whispered. "It will do you some good." She pulled from my arms, and I straightened, looking deeply into her eyes. She, too, hadn't yet fed. Freya's fingers wrapped around my wrist and tug, and she all but dragged me from my office, down the hall and to the back door. Opening it, we stepped outside, and I almost, almost let out a sigh as the cold air hit my heated skin. She led me to the pond and stopped, dropping her hand from my wrist. We both stared into the icy water, lost in our own thoughts. "How bad is it?" she asked quietly. "Can you still feel her pain?" I nodded, and in my peripheral vision I saw her wince. "What can I do? Tell me and I will do it." I turned, reaching out and stroking her cheek.
"Sweet Freya," I whispered. "I appreciate it, but there is nothing else you can do that you have not already done. What you have done so far is more than enough?"
"But she is still sleeping, and I do not like that she is not healing fast enough."
"She will come around, and when she does??" I didn't finish the sentence. I didn't have to.
Freya smiled, and she nodded. "The world will tremble in fear," she said as I dropped my hand from her. "I cannot wait to see it." She tilted her head to the side, studying me. "Are you all right?"
"I will be."
She nodded. "Shall we head back inside? Or would you like to linger out here a little longer?"
I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Come," I growled and led her back inside.
"Thought you could do with a feeding or two," Jesric said as the door slammed shut, blocking out what was left of the daylight hours.
"You thought right," I hissed and grabbed the nearest human to me.
"I assure you, they won't be missed," he continued as I drove my fangs into the human's throat, snarling as I tore it out and gulped down the hot, sweet blood gushing into my mouth. I didn't stop until the last drop slid down my throat. Cursing, I tossed the lifeless body away, turning in time to get the full blast of Freya's magic. The second human lay lifeless at her feet as I was lifted into the air and thrown across the entry hall, into the living room, to smash into the wall on the far side. Groaning, I hit the floor hard. "Hungry sons of bitches," Jesric muttered.
"I take offense," Freya said as she came toward me. I glared at her, and then cursed some more as an invisible force held me down. Jesric scowled at us before disappearing with the bodies.
"You know," I growled, grimacing as Ari's pain flared for the briefest of seconds. "This is quite unpleasant."
"You have experienced worse I am sure," she said and lifted the spell. Her magic crackled in the air around me as I slowly got to my feet.
"Was that necessary?" I asked and slowly walked toward her.
"Of course." Stopping before her, I growled. "Oh," she said dryly. "None of that now. It would not do you any good if I decide to put you to sleep."
"You wouldn't dare."
"Shall I demonstrate?" I sighed. "You know full well that I do not need to speak out loud to cast my spells. I am not like the other witches." I resisted the urge to choke her, because she was right, me choking her wouldn't do shit. She sighed. "We are ready to enter hell the moment Jailyn is ready."
"The witches?"
She scowled, apparently not happy with them. "Davina is in charge. I will not be held responsible for their deaths. She knows their strengths and weaknesses, I do not." She put a hand up and glared at me. "And I will tell you now; I will not be a part of a coven or be their leader. Though I do not approve of Davina's magical prowess in any given life or death situation, she is capable enough to lead them."
"I was not going to suggest that you take over the covens."
"Good, we are on the same page, then," she said quietly and turned from me.
Narrowing my eyes, I put a hand on her shoulder. "You have seen her in combat?"
Freya paused, glancing back at me. "I have, and she did not impress me in the slightest. If it were not for her adopted daughter's unsuppressed magic, they would have been slaughtered by the rogue vampires. Every last one of them." She eyed me thoughtfully. "And you have not?"
I scowled, releasing her. "I never paid much attention," I growled.
"Too busy dealing with your inner demon?" she asked, smirking as she walked into the kitchen.
"Let's see you try to focus on what the others are doing while trying not to unleash your beast on your enemies and friends," I muttered under my breath.
"I heard that."
"Of course you did."
"I missed the fun," Jordana said from the second floor landing. I glanced up at her, and she crossed her arms, pouting. "Can I come down?"
"You don't need permission to come down," I growled and winced. Damn, I silently cursed. If only I could kill Shilen Devoreau all over again? if only. Jordana grunted, jumping down the stairs and for the kitchen. I slowly followed her in, watching in amusement as she pulled Freya away from the refrigerator before sticking her head inside to look for? something. Shaking her head, Freya went over to the counter and leaned on it, eyeing me thoughtfully. "What?" Without a word, she straightened and came over to where I was and offered her wrist to me. I took it, putting my mouth over the rapid pulse and licking it.
"Have at it, and do not worry about me," she said quietly as Jordana nibbled on a piece of cheese and watched us curiously.
I sighed. "I will always be worried when it comes to my children," I said and bit, silently groaning as I swallowed the hot blood. You of all people should know that, I mentally said into her head, and she sighed, nodding.
"I only have one child to worry about. I cannot imagine worrying about?" She paused and arched an eyebrow. "How many children do you have?" I growled, and she yelped as I bit harder in a silent warning. With a couple more long pulls of her blood, I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and glared at her as I licked close the two punctured wounds.
"I lost count centuries ago," I said and growled as she opened her mouth to say something. Tristan, Jailyn said into my mind, and I released Freya, straightening. We are ready to move whenever you get here.
"What is it?" Freya asked, going on sudden high alert.
"Jailyn is ready to open the portal." At this, Jordana's eyes lit up with excitement.
"Oh, I felt that," Sven said and strode in from the living room.
"Felt what?" Jordana asked innocently as he stopped before her.
"You can't come with us," he said gently, taking the bottle of barbecue sauce from her hand. Freya glanced at me questioningly, and I shrugged.
"Kira," I muttered.
"No," Sven warned. "You will not throw a tantrum."
She pouted. "I wasn't going to."
"And you will not-" He grunted as she drove her fist into his stomach, hard enough to double him over. "Damn it, Dana," he snapped and straightened. Sighing, he put a hand on her shoulder, and they vanished into thin air.
"He took the barbecue sauce with him," Freya said in amusement.
"Yes," I said dryly. "Kira can blame someone else for once."
She chuckled as she headed for the front door. "When will you be joining Jailyn?"
"Nightfall."
"I will see you at nightfall, then," she said as she opened the door and stepped out.
"See you then," I said, sighing inwardly as the door shut behind her.
"Feeling down, are you?" Can I even get a break just for five minutes without any interruptions? I thought as my hand shot out, burying the halogen blade into Sathia's stomach. She let out a hiss, gasping as I yanked it out. Oh, I was going to have fucking holes in my damn kitchen floor.
"The next one goes through your heart," I growled as she covered the wound with a hand. "And you better have a good reason for coming here."
She bared her fangs at me, grunting and cursing as smoke seeped from between her fingers. "You? fucking? bastard," she growled and let out a loud groan of pain. Tristan! Jailyn yelled into my head, and I grunted as she mentally smacked me. Save your killing rage for the demons that do need killing. Stop hurting mine for fuck sake. Sathia held up her hand as I gave her a murderous look. "Oh no," she hissed. "Don't you dare aim that look my way you son of a bitch," she snarled and spun around. "One day, I swear I'm going to fucking kill you."
I barely heard her over the loud rush of blood in my ears. "I can hardly wait for that day to come," I snarled, and glaring at me one last time, she disappeared in a flash of fire.
"You know, Tristan," a low voice said from behind me. I swear I was going to rip someone's head off before the day was over. "You haven't changed since the last time I saw you. That was what?? A thousand years ago?" The rush of blood grew louder in my ears, and I stiffened. It was all I could do to keep myself from turning and killing the vampire behind me.
"Oh, I have to record this," Jesric said as he stepped in front of me and pulled out his phone.
"Dude, really?"
"If you call me dude again, I'll use your head as a bowling ball, my friend."
The vampire behind me let out a long sigh. "If I say I'm sorry, will I be forgiven?"
"No," Jesric said dryly. Something nudged the halogen blade I was still holding, and I glanced down to find a shimmering blue sword. It turned purple as it absorbed the demon blood. When there was no blood left, the weapon was withdrawn, and I slowly sheathed the halogen blade. Stepping from between them, I turned and glared at them both. Taking a deep, deep shuddering breath that did nothing to ease the violent state of mood that I was in; I stared at the tall vampire with black hair and dark blue eyes, holding his beast-bound sword at his side.
"Before you go into kill-you mode and fang me, let me assure you that I just arrived a few hours ago. You know when your sire calls, you have to obey?" He nodded to himself, and that said sire put his hands on my shoulders as Jailyn appeared beside me.
"What is this?" Jesric asked. "A let's-get-to-know-Tristan day?"
"I believe it is," Allia said dryly from the second floor. My head began to pound, and I inwardly groaned as a nosebleed followed soon after. "Okay," Allia said sharply. "Everyone, leave."
Jailyn held up her hand and waved. "Are you ordering me to leave? For the record, I'm staying, but the rest of you can go." Casiar dropped his hands from me, and a second later, everyone was gone. Well, everyone except for Jailyn, Jesric, and an unseen presence that had yet to reveal herself. No one said anything as I walked to the sink and washed off the blood. Staring at the running water, I closed my eyes.
"I won't kill you, Jesric," I said wearily, hoping that today would just be done and over with. "It didn't even cross my mind." I slowly shut off the water, but remained as I was. "I know Elijah will be grateful for what you've done."
"I didn't do it for him," Jesric said slowly, hesitantly. "Well, part of it was, but it's not my main reason."
"I know," I said softly. Do you regret turning her? I silently asked him. No, Jesric replied into my mind. Not at all, I would protect her with my life. I mentally nodded. That is good to hear. "Aisley," I said out loud. "Jesric's shadow hiding you is so weak you could break through it with a straw."
"Ow!" Jesric exclaimed, cursing as the air rippled around me. "Stop it." The air stilled, and a second later, I could feel Aisley standing behind me.
"Hi, Tristan," she said conversationally. "Having a bad day?" I grunted. She put a cool hand on my arm, and I opened my eyes, slowly turning around to face her. I stared into her multicolored eyes and silently grumbled. Why couldn't I be a shifter and keep my natural eye color, too? It was so unfair on so many levels. She held up a bag of blood and arched an eyebrow in question. "Is that for me? Or are you asking permission to drink it?"
"I would drink it, but there is a problem."
"And that is?"
"There are a few drops of demon blood mixed in it. I thought Freya would like to have it."
"If you tell me that your sire allowed you to kill a demon for this, I will have to kill him."
"And I will have to kill you in turn," Jailyn said sweetly. "Aisley, please do tell him that you did kill a demon for his or her blood," she finished with a hopeful look.
"Jailyn," Aisley gasped. "You're so mean."
"What?" Jailyn asked innocently. "What did I say or do wrong?"
"I'll take that," I said and took the blood from Aisley's hand.
She nodded. "And no, I didn't kill a demon. Jesric got it for me."
"And, why would you think Freya would be interested?"
"Because Kira talks too fucking much for her own good," Jesric muttered. I sighed. I had no idea what the hell I was going to do with that damn child of mine, no idea whatsoever. I glanced out the window and again sighed. With one last glance at them, I teleported.
Alexander and Freya were the only two around when I appeared in Ari's room. He glanced up, and I held up a hand, preventing him from rising from his chair. I looked down at Ari lying very still on the bed-an IV needle in her arm. Her skin was still an angry red-paling and healing here and there, but she was not healing fast enough for my liking. If I could, I would have sped up the healing process. I inwardly winced, because the thought of hurting her even more was just unacceptable. I slowly reached out and lightly touched her cheek, wincing as she moaned in pain. Sighing, I stepped back and nodded to Alexander. "Any sign of her waking up, call me," I growled.
He nodded. "I'll be sure to do that."
"Is that for me?" Freya asked and sniffed the air like a dog. I scowled, handing her the bag of blood. Her eyes lit with mischievous intent as she took it from me. "I will be right back. Do not dare leave without me." Opening the door leading to the hall, I followed her out, glancing back at Ari as the door snapped shut behind us.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-one

SATHIA

"When will they get here?" Amaya, the succubus standing beside me asked. At her question, there was a flash of blinding white light, and a second later, a shimmering door appeared in front of us. "Never mind," the succubus said dryly. I could barely see Jailyn through the transparent portal, and I nodded to her, signaling that it was clear. She nodded back before disappearing out of sight. Amaya nearly fainted as Jesric stepped through followed by Freya a moment later. Taking her arm, I pulled her back as more vampires along with a few witches and shifters came through. "I think I just died and gone to heaven," Amaya breathed in pleasure.
"Careful," I warned. "Some of them are happily mated. I'm quite sure you don't want to find yourself at the other end of a halogen blade. I assure you, it is very, very unpleasant." She let out a long sigh, seeming not to hear a word I just said. Rozalia peeked into the portal, waving to us as it closed with a soft hiss.
"Hey," Taylor snapped, glaring at the succubus. Amaya blinked and frowned at the vampire. "Are you the one who will be leading us to the captured vampire?"
"Yes," Amaya said and cleared her throat twice before glancing around. Hell was like earth. It had forests, trees, houses, shops, rivers, lakes, oceans, and everything you would find on earth. The only difference was the color of the sky, the inhabitance, the lack of transportation, and the locations of everything. If you were to jump over to hell from the mall, you probably wouldn't end up in the same place. In fact, if you had shitty ass luck on your side, you could very well end up landing in a volcano or in the middle of a mob fest. "She is heavily guarded, and the Ahzeekis, Za'hara'gais, Zeng'vrehions, and the Ra'schek'sis are all on the hunt tonight. The Haa'rezins are also on the loose."
"Wonderful," Sarisa muttered under her breath. "Just fucking? wonderful."
"Do you know where the gate is located?" Jailyn asked. "If you say yes, you'll be my favorite demon in the entire realm."
Amaya frowned and shook her head. "Sorry, I have no idea where the gate is."
"Of course you don't," Jailyn said with a heavy sigh.
"Shall we get going?" the succubus asked and turned, heading for the narrow footpath that led away from the huge clearing we were standing in.
"Yes," Alek, one of the shifters drawled. "Let's go and get our asses kicked, because I can smell them just yards beyond those trees." Evelyn glanced up at the sky, and I tensed, knowing what was coming. The succubus paused as she caught the sudden tension in the air.
"I tell you now," I muttered to Amaya. "If you don't want to be deaf for a century, cover your ears." She arched an eyebrow, and I shrugged. "Don't say I didn't warn you." Tristan pushed his way through the crowd until he was at his sister's side. Evelyn turned to him, wincing as they exchanged words telepathically to one another. Something metal and cold was pressed into my hand, and I glanced down to find myself holding what looked like a twelve-inch silver stake. The pointy tip was sharp and deadly. Not only that, it was glistening with venom. I didn't have to look around to see who had given it to me and why. Nodding to myself and ignoring Amaya's questioning gaze that was boring a hole into my head, I tuck the stake out of sight. Evelyn gave Tristan a nervous look, a split second before the night sky lit up, bathing the clearing in a haze of red. At the same time, Tristan tossed a fireball into the trees. I hunched into myself, covering my ears as a loud explosion sounded off in the distance. As Freya's magic clashed with the fire, the trees exploded as the ground shook underneath us. Burning splinters of twigs, barks and branches flew at the waiting demons like missiles. Released from their temporary deafness Tristan had put them in, the vampires blurred into action. The shifters followed a few seconds later as the witches slowly recovered themselves. Nolita was the first to be on her feet, and I smiled as rage entered her eyes. She glanced down at the others and scowled in disapproval before shrugging and running from the clearing-two swords made of fire appearing in her hands. Amaya and I watched as the rest of the witches picked themselves off the ground-more magic crackling in the air as they ran after Nolita. Shaking my head, Amaya and I were the last to leave as we followed the sound of battle. In the distance, Tristan, Evelyn, Taylor, and Casiar stumbled as one of the Ra'schek'sis took a vampire's head. Cazaron, the only vampire with natural eye color-well? no longer the only vampire-leapt into the air, his sword flashing as he slashed his way to Tristan and Evelyn. The demons ignored me as Amaya and I duck and dodged our way through and around the fighting and onto the streets. Amaya stopped at the intersection, wincing as a Haa'rezin burst into flames. There were a lot of flying porcupines, and they went at the witches, shifters, and vampires hard.
"Well," Amaya huffed. "At this rate, they're never going to rescue the prickly vamp."
I shrugged. "Say what you like," I drawled. "They won't back down until they have her."
"Oh, I don't doubt that," she said and jumped out of the way of a flying torso. "And they better appreciate that hell has no humans or cars," she finished dryly.
"Oh, I'm sure they do," I said just as dryly as one of the vampires went bestial on an Ahzeeki. It was a beautiful deadly dance as they circled and dodged, lunging, snarling, stabbing, slashing, biting, clawing at each other. The progress moved at a snail-paced as they fought through the horde of demons. For every fallen demon that either burst into ash or flame, a vampire, a witch, or a shifter was soon to follow. Every time a vampire took his or her last breath, it took a toll on the original members of the Tronis line, because upon every single death of their children sired directly or indirectly, it was like being cut to the core of their very being, burning and suffocating them, over and over like waves crashing relentlessly against the shore. Amaya and I continued to make our way down the street as the fighting drew near. A howl of a wolf sounded over the fighting, just before someone began shooting.
"Shit!" Lorena snarled. "Just fuck me!"
"Sorry, not my type," I drawled as she flipped a demon to the ground.
"I'll take you any day and-" Amaya cursed, and I smirked as Lorena punched her in the mouth.
"Be careful of what comes out of your mouth next," she warned. "Or your face will be the least of your worries."
"Lorena," Tristan snarled, and then gasped as another vampire was struck a fatal wound. Lorena spun, launching herself into the air and engaged three Haa'rezins. As bullets continued to spray, the witches switched from throwing offensive spells to defensive, creating shields that deflected some of the projectiles. I kept my eyes on Tristan as I walked backward.
"So," Amaya said conversationally to me as she continued to lead us to Brynna. "Care to tell me why you have a stake on you?"
"Watch and learn, my friend. Watch and learn." As another vampire was struck down, Tristan's beast drew closer and closer to breaking free. Evelyn, who crouched near him, was heaving for breath as tears ran down her cheeks. I couldn't see Casiar or Taylor as more demons, shifters, witches, and vampires died left and right. Windows from nearby houses exploded outward and onto the streets, raining shards of glass onto the combatants. Sven, who was covering Tristan, sheathed his bloody halogen blades, only to draw an AK47 and fired into the crowd. More gunfire joined the myriad of sounds as we turned down another street. Trails of the dead or dying littered the streets as black and red blood along with colorful spells continued to rain down like a macob version of confetti and silly strings. Display show it was not. A golden tigress leapt past me followed by a black-furred wolf, and I turned just in time to see them engaging half a dozen hellhounds. Cursing up a storm and taking off heads left and right, Jesric melted into the shadows-the icy cold touch of death magic slamming into me as he broke rank and let loose on the hellhounds.
"Oh, no," Cazaron muttered from somewhere. "You can't have all the dogs to yourself." He appeared in front of me, saluted me before vanishing into thin air. Snorting, I watched as he and Jesric worked quickly with the shifters to take them down. Tristan's snarls broke through my amusement, and I spun back around to find Evelyn fighting to keep him from joining the others. In their somewhat incapacitated state, they were no help.
"How much farther?" Jesric growled beside me.
"We still have a ways to go," Amaya said, eyeing him warily. She was right on the mark to be wary, because no sooner had the words left her mouth, Jesric snatched the front of her shirt and yanked her up against him, his fangs bared and dripping venom.
"We better be going in the right direction," he hissed. "If this is a trap you are leading us into, I will make sure that you in particular, die a very slow and painful death." She grunted as he grabbed a fist full of her hair and jerked her head back, until she was looking him directly in the eye. "You know what I can do," he growled softly. "Do you not?"
"I know exactly what you can do, Jesric, son of Jailyn," Amaya said softly.
He smiled, and it was not a friendly smile. "Good, then I believe we understand one another quite clearly." Glaring at her, he reluctantly released her and stepped back. Cazaron put a hand on Jesric's arm, shaking his head.
"Come on," he muttered. With one last icy glare toward Amaya, he allowed Cazaron to drag him back into the fight. Shrugging like nothing had happen; the succubus kicked an imp toward Iris and glanced around.
"This way," she muttered and continued walking. Tristan let out a scream so loud that it momentarily stunned everyone into silence. My ears rang as I jumped into the battle, cursing as someone jabbed me in the side.
"What are you doing?" Sven snarled as I made my way toward him. He reloaded his gun, took aim at a demon behind me and fired off a shot. Grimacing, I grabbed Tristan around the throat and yanked him from Evelyn.
"Stop," I said quickly as Sven and Cole turned on me. "Stop." I glared at them. "I'm not going to kill him." I grunted, silently cursing as Tristan dug his fingers into my arm. He hissed as my blood dripped onto his hand, but he didn't let up on his hold, he only dug deeper. "Talk to Jailyn," I snarled and grabbed hold of Evelyn's arm. I pulled them from the fight, almost getting shot in the head myself. I kicked both demons and vampires out of my way as Amaya took Evelyn from me. I glanced at Tristan, wincing at the pained expression on his face. "Poor you," I drawled. His eyes flashed open, and if I were anyone else, I would've released him and run the opposite direction as fast as I could. My eyes narrowed. "If you don't mind, remove your fucking claws." I groaned, because instead of releasing my arm, his hand spasm, his entire body going rigid, and I could practically hear his teeth grinding together as another vampire went down. Evelyn let out a moan, cursing and glaring at the demons behind us. I winced as Cazaron appeared behind a demon and decapitated her before disappearing and reappearing beside another demon. The sounds of guns being fired finally stopped, and it was back to fisticuffs, daggers, swords, and magic. I smirked as Jesric pistol whipped an Ahzeeki, sending him sprawling. Before he could get up, a tendril of shadow sliced through the air and into his neck, severing his head from his shoulders. Tristan released his hold on my arm, and I released mine from around his neck. Straightening, he glanced around, and we all ducked as a misfired spell came at us. Evelyn's hand shot out, locking around his wrist like a vise, preventing him from lunging into the battle.
"Don't you dare," she snarled. Tristan growled, jerking his wrist from her and grabbing a Zeng'vrehion that came just a little too close to us. Evelyn sighed and pulled away from Amaya, scowling. Tristan gave her a warning look as he stabbed a blade into the demon's chest, grunting as one of the four arms smacked him upside the head. He yanked the blade out, kicking the demon into a Haa'rezin as she burst into flames. Amaya shook her head, blinking.
"Can we get moving?" the succubus asked, turning and walking away. Tristan watched the battle around us, torn between jumping into the fight or staying out of it. I almost laughed out loud as Sven pulled out his gun and pointed it threateningly his sire's direction.
"Don't provoke me into shooting you," he warned, and Tristan almost smiled? almost. I tapped him on the shoulder, and he took in a deep breath, letting it out in a cough. Shaking his head, Tristan turned and reluctantly followed Amaya, who was already about twenty feet ahead of us. Evelyn gave Sven a glare before she and I fell in step behind the succubus.
"You do not have to watch the battle, you know," Freya said, appearing from nowhere, covered in blood and crackling with magic. "Do you not want to join the others?" she asked as she kept pace beside me.
I shrugged. "I could join the others," I said and glared into the back of Amaya's head. "But I'm making sure this one doesn't get out of line."
"I don't need a babysitter," Amaya muttered under her breath.
"Are you so sure about that?" I asked, smirking.
She turned her head and glared at me. "For your information, I don't hit on every single male I encounter."
"Right," I drawled. "Keep telling yourself that."
"Ah," Freya said in amusement. "I see." She reached out, putting a pale hand on Tristan's shoulder as she stepped up beside him. Behind us, death and destruction continued to rain down all around us like there was no tomorrow to speak of. A Haa'rezin dropped down in front of me, forcing me to a stop. The others also stopped, turning to watch.
"What?" I snapped at the demon, putting up a hand as Freya's magic whipped around us.
"Why are you helping them?" the Haa'rezin hissed. "They are not one of us."
"Why am I helping them?" I asked, tilting my head to the side. "Because I can. Now get the fuck out of my way," I growled. "Unless of course, you enjoyed watching your inners exploding from your body."
"Then you are one of the enemies."
I arched an eyebrow and snorted. "Am I?"
"Yes," he hissed, and I barely ducked out in time from his multiple tentacles.
"You fucking idiot," I snarled and changed into my demon form. I lunged and body-slammed him to the ground. Ignoring the stingers painfully pumping venom into me, I dug my acid-coated claws into his belly and ripped downward, spilling the contents of his stomach. "You should know better than to fuck with me," I hissed as I got off of him. A fireball appeared in my hand and I tossed it, smiling as the Haa'rezin writhed and screamed, slowly melting under the onslaught of acid and flames.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-two

JADE

"Why here?" Skyler crouched atop a frozen branch and peered into a window, a window that looked into an ordinary, nondescript home. It looked cozy and well lived in, say for the ice-cold touch of death magic I could feel. The branch creaked and groaned under the fledgling's weight as she shifted. She briefly froze in place before jumping from the tree to land silently beside Aisley who was in her cat form, her claws for the time being, sheathed. Amaris, in her wolf form, crouched next to me, ears pricked forward and alert.
"We're meeting someone here," I said and peered into the shadows. Releasing my grip on my blades, I gestured for them to follow.
"Who?"
"A spy," I said, grunting as I led them deeper into the surrounding trees, a ways away from the house.
"You mean an actual spy?"
"Yes, she is one of Ari's people. So spy is not just a word, it's her rank." Skyler nodded and looked around nervously. Before we broke through the trees and onto the street, a tall figure dressed in all black stepped out, forcing us to a stop. No hint of color could be seen, and I almost groaned out loud as her hunger hit me like a punch to the gut. A whimper escaped Skyler as a growl issued from Aisley, her unsheathed claws digging deep into the frozen ground. Stiffening, I held myself very still as the figure drew closer and closer. It was hard not to reach for one of my blades as a pale hand reached out, cupping my chin and tilting back my head slightly. When she lifted the hood, I found myself staring into hungry black eyes, hungry, unblinking eyes. Before I could jerk away, something tugged at my mind, and I realized that it was too late as I found myself falling into darkness.
When I came to, I bolted upright, and then regretted it as nausea hit me. "Careful, hunter," a female voice said from nearby. Taking in a deep breath, I opened my eyes and looked around. Skyler, Aisley, and Amaris were all out like a light, and I just stared at the necromancer who was leaning casually against a wall. I blinked and blinked, realizing that we were no longer out in the cold. As my vision became more focused, I looked around again, this time noticing that we were in someone's living room. "Your companions were?" She paused, and then shrugged. "Quite adamant in keeping you safe."
"What did you do to them?"
"Don't worry, they're fine. They're just? sleeping."
"Sleeping?" I asked suspiciously.
"Yes, sleeping, be it deeply. You won't be able to wake them so don't bother."
"You're a necromancer," I said as if that wasn't obvious. I could feel death rolling off of her in waves, and I resisted the urge to shiver. She pulled off her hood and scowled down at me.
"Do you have a problem with that?"
"No," I muttered. "I just wasn't expecting it."
"What were you expecting? exactly?"
"Oh, the usual spy."
"I am not the usual spy now am I?"
"Apparently not," I mumbled. This vampire had to be over at least two thousand years old, I thought as I stared at the wall beside her head.
"Be at ease, I won't hurt you, Jade."
I glowered at the wall, silently grumbling about intrusive vampires. "Since you know my name," I muttered. "What's yours?"
"I am Kindri," she replied, pulling out her phone and glancing at the screen with a curse. "If you do not want to be found, I suggest you cloak your presence. Take your companions with you. I'll awaken them once you are all inside," she finished and nodded down a hall. I slowly stood up, picking up the sleeping form of Amaris. Reaching out, I mentally dragged Aisley and Skyler after me. Once in one of the four bedrooms, all three began to stir. I released Skyler and Aisley and glanced down at Amaris. She blinked open her eyes and yawned, stretching in my arms before jumping to the floor.
"What the hell," Skyler groaned and slowly sat up. She and Aisley shuddered as they felt the cool sensation of being cloaked.
"Amaris," I said quietly. The werepup turned from the door and peered up at me questioningly. "Can you cast some kind of a cloaking spell?" She let out a soft woof and bounded into the attached bathroom. A few seconds later I could hear her muttering gibberish under her breath.
"What's going on?" Skyler asked, glancing at the closed door. "And where the hell are we?"
"No idea and no idea," I said and I, too, glanced at the door.
"Great," she said cheerfully. "So what do we do now?"
"We wait," I said, putting a hand on her shoulder before she could flash from the room. "There are rogues just beyond the door."
"What are we doing here, then? Shouldn't you like? kill them or something?"
"Under normal circumstances I would, but we're here to get information about the gate. Remember?" She grumbled something but nodded. "Ari is currently unable to? receive this particular info and since I'm one of the few hunters here, I'm the only one your sire trust implicitly." I put up a finger, preventing her from uttering a word. "And," I continued, glancing down at the very, very confused cat leaning against Skyler's leg. "I won't let anything happen to any of you," I finished with a shudder. When Ari was angry, she was scary. Even Tristan gave her a wide birth when she was in her kill-anything-standing mood. Jade, Riordan drawled in my head, and I straightened, cursing. Sorry, I silently muttered, and then grabbed Aisley as he appeared out of thin air. Riordan caught Amaris as she lunged for him.
"Easy there, little one," he said in amusement.
"Are they still in hell?" I asked.
"They are, and they will be there for quite a while."
"Fuck," I growled and dropped Aisley. "I can't get in contact with anyone."
"That is because you can't. You can sense them if you wanted to, but you can't speak to them when they're in hell."
Skyler's eyes widened in horror, and she gasped, practically choking. "My sire?" she all but wheezed out.
"Take a deep breath," Riordan said, touching her lightly on the shoulder. "I assure you that Ari is unaware of what is going on."
"What do you mean?"
"Freya and I have put her into a deep, deep sleep."
"Oh," she said, looking unconvinced.
Riordan ignored the look and glanced around the room as Amaris wriggled out of his arms. "The three rogues just left, and Kindri is on her way." We waited silently, listening to her cursing the rogues as a sulfurous odor reached us. The door suddenly flew open, and I barely stepped aside in time to avoid a smack upside my head.
"Stupid!" Kindri shouted. "Fucking! God damn! Mother! Fucking! Power hungry! Necromancers!" Snarling, she stepped into the room and slammed the door, causing the house to shake slightly around us. "Zynzaulatris!" she yelled. "Follow them!" There was a flash of fire, and I found myself looking at a demon. She was not in human form, and in her original form, she was all white-her horns, her claws. The only colors I could see were the silver, serrated blades along her tail and her bright glowing green eyes. She straightened from her crouch and launched herself at the window. It opened before she could bust out the glass. As she flew out, her entire body seemed to ripple, turning translucent as she disappeared from sight.
"That is not an Ahzeeki," I muttered as the window slammed shut.
"No," Riordan and Kindri said simultaneously. Then there was another flash of fire, and this time, it was Rozalia who appeared in the middle of the room, her wings quivering.
"She says she is ready," the imp hissed to Riordan. With that, a whirlwind filled the room, and a split second later, a vortex popped into existence. Aisley, Amaris, and Skyler all yelped and flashed to the other side, away from the whirling portal, where screams could be heard. I saw a glimpse of Jailyn before she tossed Freya through the opening. Her bloodcurdling scream drowned out the sounds of battle as the portal took hold and violently pulled her through. As Freya hit the floor with a loud thump, the portal was gone. In the split second before it vanished completely, however, an insect-like demon tried to get through, not seeing the chilling smile of the necromancer who extended a hand wreathed in writhing shadows to strike the slowly diminishing doorway. I shuddered, because I did not want to know what happened if you got stuck in the middle of a portal transport? or in this case, a deliberate portal meltdown. I again shuddered and looked at the bloodied form of Freya. My ears rang as she continued to scream. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head, and silence fell as she passed out. After a long, tensed minute, Rozalia scuttled to her side, only to let out a squeal as Freya's hand shot out and grabbed one of the imp's wings and pulled. Suddenly Riordan was there, one hand around Freya's wrist, and the other one on Rozalia's right wing.
"Stop trying to kill your imp," he said with a sigh.
Freya opened her eyes and gave a pained smile. "I would like to see you try living with her 24-7 for two thousand years." Riordan grimaced in pain, and she chuckled. "I thought not," she whispered and reluctantly released the imp. "As always, you are no fun."
"Go," Riordan said to the imp as Freya groaned and moved into a sitting position. Kindri, who remained silent this whole time, walked over to them and held out a hand to Freya. She stared at it, as if she was deciding to take it, or bite it. In the end, she took the offered hand and pulled herself up.
"So," said Kindri. "You finally decided to leave your ice cave for some adventure."
"I shall remind you that I quite like my? ice cave as you put it," Freya said and walked over to the bed and sat.
Kindri snorted and glanced at Amaris, Aisley, and Skyler thoughtfully. "Do you three mind stepping from the room for a moment?" she asked. Skyler shook her head and flashed to the door that led out into the hall. Aisley and Amaris reluctantly followed her out, the door closing behind them with a soft snap. When they were gone, Freya took in a deep breath, and I stiffened as I felt her magic crackling in the air. A moment later, the room was suddenly lit up with a blinding blue light before fading.
"We can now speak freely," Freya said and rubbed her temples. "We cannot be overheard beyond this room." She dropped her hands and stared intently at Kindri. "What have you discovered of the gate?"
Kindri let out a heavy sigh, cursing under her breath. "You won't like it."
"I have already gathered that much."
"No, you really won't like it." She glanced around and grimaced. "Please, all of you sit."
"If you insist," Riordan said and went over to sit on the edge of the bed. "Come, Jade. Let's hear what she has to say." Shrugging, I walked over to a desk in the corner and pulled out a chair. Taking in a deep breath, I slowly sat, my hand automatically going to a blade and gripping the hilt. I scowled when all three stared at me.
"What?" I asked defensively.
"Is that necessary?" he asked, gesturing to the blade in question. I shrugged and reluctantly pulled my hand away. He smirked as several bags of blood appeared out of thin air to land in Freya's lap. She caught them before they could fall to the floor. Without a word, she quickly drained them, one after another. She let out a long groan, draining the last one and tossing more than a dozen empty bags into the trash. When that was done, she glared at Kindri.
"Tell us," she warned.
The necromancer sighed. "Just don't blow up my house or my cover will be blown."
"Kindri," Freya said through gritted teeth. "Out with it. Now."
"I know where the gate is," she mumbled.
"What?" Freya, Riordan and I shouted. In the blink of an eye, Freya had the necromancer pressed up against the wall, hands around her throat.
"What is the gate?" she asked, so soft I had to strain to hear her.
"It's not what," Kindri wheezed. "It's who."
"What?" I spluttered, knocking my chair over as I got up and flashed over to her.
"Freya," Riordan said quietly, calmly. "Focus, focus on me." Blinking, I looked to Freya, who was about to snap Kindri's neck if she squeezed any harder. Kindri herself stood frozen, not even breathing-not that she could in the first place-as she stared impassively back at Freya.
"Shit," I muttered.
"Freya," Riordan repeated. "She has more to tell us, and you do not want to snap her neck now, do you? Save your anger for those who deserve it. Come, release her." After a long agonizing minute, Freya finally blinked and slowly, oh so slowly released her grip from Kindri's throat. The necromancer remained very still, as still as the dead, her eyes never leaving Freya. I reached out, taking Freya by the arm and gently tugging.
"Let's go and sit," I said and nodded to Riordan.
"Come on," he drawled. Freya took in several deep breaths and reluctantly allowed me to pull her to the bed. Riordan put a hand on her, gently but firmly pushing her to sit. "Breathe in, breathe out," he instructed, and he chuckled as she glared at him. "That is more like it," he said as her white eyes turned pitched black.
"Not another word," Freya said, calm as ever. I couldn't decide who was more scary, her or Tristan. "Now where were we?" she asked, as if nothing had happened mere moments ago.
Kindri coughed and cleared her throat. "The gate is who, not a what."
"Ah, that is right," she said thoughtfully as I eyed her warily. "Who is the gate?" I shifted nervously as Kindri once again cleared her throat.
"She," Kindri said slowly. "Is a young vampire. A fledgling."
"I? see," Freya said quietly. "And? have you witnessed her in action for yourself?"
"I have not, but from what I have gathered so far, it seems to be valid."
"So you don't know if this fledgling was a willing participant in raining down hell on earth, then?" I asked, my eyes never leaving Freya, even for a second. Hell, I couldn't help myself. It was like being stuck in a cage with an untamed animal-the second you stop paying attention to it, it makes its move.
"I'm not sure," she muttered. "I have seen her around a couple of times or two, and she seemed very? despondent."
I scowled. "Who's her sire?"
She shrugged. "Hell if I know. It's probably one of the rogues with her. They stick to her like she's a fucking magnet."
"How many are with her at all times?" Freya asked, and a hint of a growl could be heard in that question.
Kindri frowned as she walked over to the window and peered outside where the sky was slowly brightening. "Two, maybe 3." A thoughtful expression came over Freya, and I did not want to know what she was thinking about.
"If Ariella was here, she would tell you to find out more about this? fledgling," she muttered to no one in particular.
"That is what I planned to do. Would you like to tag along?" she asked dryly.
"Yes," Riordan growled, and she blinked.
"That settles it, then. All of you are coming. Just one thing, don't be seen."
"I am not a noob," I said and grumbled. Kindri smirked as Freya lifted her spell from the room. "Guys!" I yelled and flashed to the door, opening it.
"Do you plan on causing me pain, dear girl?" Freya asked conversationally as she rose from the bed.
"Sorry," I said as Skyler, Aisley, and Amaris appeared in the doorway.
"Took you guys long enough," Skyler said and glanced at Amaris who had a Philly cheesesteak sandwich in her hands.
"Um? where did you get that?" I asked suspiciously.
"Don't worry," she said, huffing. "We didn't steal it. Aisley bought it for her." She looked past me into the room, shuddering. "So, what's going on?"
"Oh, you know? the usual," I drawled. She snorted and stepped away from the door. Shrugging, I walked from the room and to the front door. "Ask Riordan." I reached to open the door, but before I could, Freya's pale hand came to rest on mine.
"Where are you headed?" I shrugged and let my hand dropped back to my side.
"We're teleporting," Kindri said, a split second before everything went dark.
I blinked against the bright daylight, half shielding my eyes with a hand as I looked around. Freya, Kindri and I were standing in someone's backyard of all places. It was enclosed by chain-link fences, and the scent of rogues was fucking everywhere. There were probably around a dozen of them, and it took all I had in me not to rush in and slaughter every vampire inside. From the scent of sweet, sweet blood, I knew there were also witches here. Freya let out a feral hiss that caused every hair on my body to stand on end. Kindri looked nervously at her, shaking her head in a silent warning. Without a word to us, the necromancer slipped silently into the house. We didn't have to wait long, because about two minutes later, she appeared in the doorway and gestured us inside. Luckily I got the good sense to cloak my presence before coming here. We followed Kindri into the kitchen, stopping just out of view of the living room. I peeked around the wall, taking mental note of who was there before ducking back out of sight. Not only there were eight rogue vampires sitting and talking to each other, there were also six witches with them, and one of them was one I knew by name. I glanced over to Freya, but I couldn't get a read on her. Since I couldn't smell the blood on her skin, hair and clothes, I knew she had casted some kind of spell to mask the scent as well as her aura from the others. Kindri sighed, muttering wordlessly to herself before she strode into the living room to join them. I sense the presence of a fledgling from down the hall, Freya whispered into my mind. I nodded, wondering if I should go down there and see her for myself. That would not be wise, she mentally cautioned, and of course, she was right. Wherever the fledgling was being held, I could sense a couple more presences with her. One of them was most likely her sire. "Hey, guys," Kindri said conversationally. The necromancer plopped down on the couch beside the nearest rogue and elbowed him lightly in his side, as if they were the best of buddies. "Colton, what are we up to for tonight?"
"Why are you so cheerful?" Colton muttered.
She snorted. "Because Teeros is allowing me to watch whatever it is you guys do every night. Excuse me if I happened to be a little excited."
Colton blinked. "He is?"
"Yes," Kindri said with an exasperated sigh. "Is someone here going to tell me what I should be expecting?"
"You'll just have to wait and see," another rogue drawled.
She shrugged. "I brought a couple of new recruits, if you guys would like to meet them." At this, everyone came to attention. I almost gasped out loud, and beside me, Freya stiffened.
"Really?" Colton asked. "Who?" Do I look like a hunter? I mentally hissed to Freya. No, you do not, Freya silently replied. But I do, however.
"Two of my friends," Kindri said and waved in our direction. Taking in a deep breath, I slowly walked into the living room. One of the witches let out a loud gasp, and I knew why. Before she could shout a warning, her face blanked of all emotions. She blinked slowly before nodding.
"Sorry," the witch muttered. "I thought I saw something," she finished stupidly and shook her head. It was a pity that she wasn't wearing her compulsion ring, or maybe it was a good thing, after all. Since the witch in question seemed to recognize us, and knew exactly that we were not one of the new recruits. Too bad for her, because Freya was eyeing her thoughtfully, as if deciding if she should kill her on the spot or kidnap her. It turned out to be kidnapping, as Riordan appeared behind the witch, put a hand on her shoulder, and vanished into thin air, taking her with him.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-three

ZYNZAULATRIS

"I'm going to be sick," Zaida-the only fledgling here-moaned, as if she was in pain. Maybe she was, because she hunched into herself, gagging and groaning as black smoke puffed from her mouth every thirty to sixty seconds. Her long black hair was plastered to her head as sweat all but poured from her in rivulets. Starved out of her mind, Zaida straightened and stood in the middle of the darkened room, her arms crossed and her eyes darting back and forth between the closed door, window, the two rogue vampires, and the ceiling where I was currently stretched from corner to corner-a dark mass of shadow with eyes and ears. It was too damn easy getting into the room. Hell, it was too damn easy entering the house for that matter, because no one got the good sense to buy the property. To them, the house was only their base of operation and nothing more. Some vampires were just that fucking stupid, even the ones who practice necromancy and should've known better.
"Sit down," one of the rogues snapped. "Nothing will happen until nightfall." The fledgling dropped to the floor, glaring at him as she folded her arms around her knees.
"I want blood," Zaida growled.
"What's the point when you're going to throw it all up?" Zaida said nothing more out loud, but mentally, she was cursing him out. Judging by the fact she wasn't slapped, stabbed, throttled, or thrown across the room, her sire didn't hear the silent threats she was shouting. Seeing what I needed to see, I morphed into nothing more than a tendril of darkness and slid to one corner of the ceiling before sliding down the wall, across the floor and under the door.
Out in the living room, I watched as the others growled accusations at Kindri, trying to attack her. The problem was that they were all bound by shadows, including the witches. Freya stood slightly behind Kindri, her fangs bared and eyes no longer black but white. Kindri slowly turned, reaching out a hand to rest on Freya's forearm. I slithered up behind one of the witches as she spoke gently to the enraged vampire. The witch raised a hand to cast a spell, and I wrapped myself around her leg. She let out a shriek as I bit her-a thousand tiny sharp teeth sinking into flesh and injecting a lethal amount of venom. Releasing her, I slithered over to Kindri and morphed into a hellhound, watching the witch as my venom quickly worked its way into her bloodstream. She let out a bloodcurdling scream before it died off with a gurgle. She would have fallen to the floor, if the thick tendril of shadow hadn't held her so tightly. Freya let out a choking sound, and I glanced up at her, wincing. Kindri's cool fingers dug into my fur as we watched the rogues struggle against their bonds, trying to reach the dead witch's blood. "This is very? entertaining," Riordan said from the archway that separated the living room from the kitchen. He sighed and glared down at me. What? I mentally asked indignantly. She deserved it. In answer, he pointed to Freya, to Kindri, to the rogues, and then to himself. I snorted-flames shooting from my nose as I ducked from under Kindri's hand and patted over to him. Stopping in front of him, I sat and stared up at him. "Why a hellhound?" he asked curiously. I shrugged. So I can pretend to be a dog, I said conversationally. "Zyn," he said dryly. Riordan? "Go into the bathroom and stare at yourself in the mirror. You do not look like an ordinary dog."  Shrugging, I went back to Kindri, glancing down the hall where the fledgling and the other two rogues were.
"Why aren't the other three coming out?" Kindri asked. "I know for a fact that they wouldn't be able to ignore it." No one answered as Riordan went over to the remaining witches who were cursing and screaming threats. He held out his hand to them expectantly, and when they continued to scream at him, he growled, snatching a bracelet off the one standing directly in front of him.
"Hand them over," he said over the snarls of the rogues. "Now." One of the witches pointed a finger at him, and I smirked as her eyes widened, her hands flying to her neck, clawing as if trying to remove a rope that wasn't there. "Give them to me," he growled. One by one, they reluctantly handed over their rings, bracelets, earrings, and necklaces. Not a second sooner, he released the witch as the living room was plunged into almost complete silence. A long minute past, and then he came over to us, nodding to Kindri. Putting a hand on Freya's shoulder, he teleported, taking us with him.

FREYA

Blinded by rage and starved beyond coherent thoughts, I flashed from between Riordan and Kindri, snarling as my head struck the unyielding stone wall. Arms came around me, lifting me up as everything went dark. My stomach dropped, churning as the ice-cold air of the abyss hit me. "No biting," Zynzaulatris hissed in my ear, a split second before the world spun around me. She released her hold on me, and I landed hard on my hands and knees, heaving for breaths and trying not to throw up. The gritty roof under my palms was cold, and I dug my fingers in, creating grooves as I stared at the rusty colored surface. The building shook under me, for the briefest of seconds, my vision darkened. I blinked, baring my fangs as pain shot down my arm. I glanced to my right, and the sight of blood almost sent me tumbling into darkness. Crimson talons dug deeper into my shoulder, and I grimaced, shaking my head vigorously to try and focus. It was useless as hunger continued to claw at me. Blinking through the red haze as best as I could, I slowly got to my feet and looked down at the fierce battle going on below me. Zynzaulatris removed her claws from my shoulder and nodded to Sathia. "I believe she could use your help," the Kreeto demon drawled as Sathia fought to keep Tristan's fangs from her throat. Wincing, I jumped from the roof, Zynzaulatris at my side as I fought my way to my sire and Sathia. The Ahzeeki demon did not need my help to subdue Tristan, but that did not stop me from creating paths of destruction in my effort to reach them. Snarling, I grabbed the hellhound lunging for me and slammed it to the ground. Unsheathing my halogen blade, I stabbed it into its skull, smiling as it convulsed under me. It did not die that easily, however, as claws raked down my left side. Out the corner of my eye, I could see Zynzaulatris giving me a dubious look as I yanked the blade out.
"It is the feeling of satisfaction I get when driving something sharp into one's vital organs," I growled to the demon standing over me. "It is quite? invigorating. Do you not agree?" Zynzaulatris shrugged and smirked as I drove my blade into the hellhound's ear. Yanking it back out, I got up and kicked the unconscious hellhound toward Jailyn and Casiar.
"You're not going to kill it?" she asked as her scales changed from crimson to black.
I shrugged. "They need something to do."
Zynzaulatris snorted and launched herself into the reddish-yellow sky. "See you around, hunter," she hissed, and the sky went completely black for a few seconds as she disappeared. The sound of screeches could be heard as several demons were sucked into a black hole that appeared out of nowhere. It hovered in the sky-a twenty feet circumference around the combatants. Jailyn glared at it as more demons disappeared into it. Sheathing my blade, I kept my distance as I continued making my way to Tristan. Zynzaulatris snatched a dying vampire up, and my ears rang as Tristan let out a bloodcurdling scream. Sathia paused in her staking as I reached them. She glanced at the black hole and smiled evilly.
"She does like to show off when she gets the chance," the Ahzeeki demon drawled. Tristan's eyes rolled to the back of his head, and Sathia scowled at the silver stake in her hand.
"Look out!" Amaya yelled. Sathia ducked as a ball of shadows came at her. Instead of hitting her, it struck Tristan in the back of the head. He was ripped from Sathia and was propelled several feet into the air, crashing into the river that was just yards away from us.
"Did you kill him?" Sathia asked and straightened from her crouch. "Tell me you killed him." Another ball of darkness came at her, and she cursed, grabbing a nearly decapitated vampire and thrusting her in its path. "Be a good friend and die in my place," she hissed as I ran to the river and dived into the dark depths of the water.

SKYLER

My hands were drenched in my sire's blood as I tried to stop the gushing crimson liquid pouring from her eyes, ears, and nose. It was a fruitless effort, because nothing was working. Cursing, I disconnected the tube that was feeding Tristan's blood into her and screamed both mentally and out loud for Cailin. She appeared beside me a split second later and growled at the sight of so much blood. Alexander muttered something under his breath and removed his wrist from Ari's mouth. "Something has happened to Tristan," Cailin growled and was gone before I could ask anything of her.
"Maybe my blood will help?" Aisley stepped into the room, closing the door behind her with a snap. She came over and dropped into a chair that was beside the bed. Leaning forward, she put her elbows on the blood-soaked mattress and cupped her chin with her hands. Frowning, she studied Ari intently, as if deciding the best way to give blood.
"Worth a shot I suppose," I said with a heavy sigh. Aisley reached out, touching Ari's cheek with a finger. "Don't worry. She won't bite off your hand. You're not Kira," I said and hit the floor as a cup sailed through the air to shatter against the far wall. Hands on her hips, Kira glared at me as I got to my feet. "Not in a good mood yourself?" I asked. Growling, she stomped into the room; coming to a stop on Ari's other side.
"I feel helpless," she complained. "Blood is no longer healing her. Why?" Before I could respond, Riordan appeared out of thin air, a very, very bloody Sarisa in his arms.
"What am I, a traveling service agency?" the necromancer growled in annoyance as Sarisa pulled away and flashed into the bathroom. Sighing, he looked at Ari. Aisley sat back in her chair and stared up at the ceiling in thought.
"You're just pissed that you are not with the others in hell," Allia growled from the doorway. Riordan said nothing as she walked over to us. I let out a startled yelp as her cold fingers wrapped around my wrist. Taking the tube and the bag of blood from my hands, she set them on the tray that was sitting on the small table beside the bed. No one said anything as she wiped away the blood from Ari's face and neck with a wet towel she took from Sarisa. The hunter stood motionless, freed of blood and in clean pair of black jeans and a blue T-shirt-her hair still dripping water from her quick but thorough shower. "Go ahead and feed her," Allia said to Alexander, who nodded before ripping into his wrist and pressing the bleeding wound to Ari's parted mouth. She still bled, but it was more of a trickle rather than a gush. "Did you see Tristan?" she asked no one in particular.
"Yes," said Riordan. "I did."
"Did you inform him of her condition?" she asked, nodding to Ari.
"Oh, hell no." Allia smirked but said nothing. Alexander pulled back from Ari and got to his feet.
"I know what you're going to say," he said to Allia as he walked reluctantly to the door, opening it and stepping out.
"I have not the slightest idea of what you speak of."
Alexander scowled at her. "You were going to tell me to go hunt, and if I don't, you'll most likely gut me."
Allia chuckled. "Accurate enough." Grumbling under his breath, he disappeared down the hall. The sound of chains clinking together was loud as Sarisa unchained Ari. Aisley scooted her chair out of grabbing range, and I almost laughed out loud.
"Silver doesn't hurt you anymore, does it?" Sarisa asked curiously.
"It's not the silver I'm worried about," Aisley said slowly. I suddenly realized that Allia and Riordan were as still as the dead, like two predators sensing a third that was lying and waiting to strike. Kira put up her hands and slowly backed away from Ari, stopping when she reached the door that led from the room. On the outside, Ari was fully healed-her skin no longer an angry red. On the inside, no one knew, and no one would until she was fully awake and aware of her surroundings.
"Oh," Sarisa said slowly. "Shit," she finished and dropped the chains on the counter. "Ari," she said, coming over and putting a hand on her shoulder. "Can you hear me? Open your eyes." Of course, there was no response, not even a twitch of a finger. Sarisa winced, bending down and sliding her arms under Ari. "I'm going to clean you up. If you have the urge to attack me, a warning would be nice."
"She won't bite," Allia said as Sarisa moved to the bathroom. "She is awake, but it is like she's stuck between dreaming and waking."
"Good to know," Sarisa said as the sound of water came on. I bit my lower lip, making sure that my fangs didn't pop out as I stared into the bathroom. The need to help Ari was so strong within me that I couldn't even think straight. The need to do violence was growing stronger by the minute, and to be honest, I now had an idea of how Kira felt when it came to protecting Tristan. I couldn't save my mother from death's doorstep, and I was not about to watch Ari die. Not if I had anything to say about it. While Tabitha's death was quick; Ari's would be slow and agonizing. On top of everything, I could not bring myself to lose my sire, too. "Skyler?" I blinked, pulling away from my thoughts and stared at Sarisa. For once, her eyes were not the bright red I was so used to seeing from her.
"Sorry," I muttered. "Did you say something?" I glanced around the room, realizing that everyone but Kira had left. The other fledgling apart from me leaned against the cabinets, her body twitching as she forced herself to remain in place and not run out the door to do something heroic? or irrational. If she did and gotten herself hurt, Tristan's head probably would very well just explode for real. "Is she really awake?" I asked softly.
She hesitated, frowning. "Yes? and no." She scowled. "She shouldn't have been able to wake up at all."
"She's going to feel my sire's every single pain now, isn't she?" Kira asked.
"She is," Sarisa said quietly. I stilled, a numbing sensation creeping over me and leaving me feeling cold, as Kira went paler than pale if that was even possible.
"How are we not feeling any pain from them?" I asked, not sure if I wanted to know the answer.
"Because Allia is blocking you from it. Normally, the pain wouldn't be debilitating, but since Ari is in enough pain of her own-more so than Tristan if you ask me-the pain thresh level just went out the window.
"Couldn't you compel her to sleep?" I frowned. "Wait, can you even compel other vampires?" She opened her mouth to reply, but in the next instant, she was gone. The sound of water splashing onto the floor might as well be gunshots to my ears.
"Fuck," Kira breathed. "Part of me wants to go in there, but part of me doesn't."
"Afraid she's going to bite you?"
She snorted and straightened. "Hardly," she said and shoved her hands into her pockets. Shaking my head, I walked to the bathroom and stepped inside. Kira followed more slowly, stopping in the doorway and leaning against the doorframe, all while muttering obscenities under her breath. Sarisa struggling with Ari would have been funny if this was any other situation. More water splashed onto the floor, slowly flooding the bathroom and the room beyond. A hand came down on my shoulder, gently moving me aside as Cailin went to Sarisa's aid.
"Come," Allia said from behind me. "Let's give Sarisa space before she stabs one of you with a needle." Kira and I looked at each other, and then followed her out into the hall.
"She wouldn't stab us with a needle," Kira spluttered as Allia led us to the elevator.
"I wouldn't be so sure about that," I said, grimacing at the dry blood coating my hands.
"She wouldn't."
"Because she's a healer?"
"Careful, child," Allia warned as we stepped from the elevator and onto the main floor. "Ignorance can get you killed. You would be wise not to make the mistake of underestimating her." Kira scowled, walking into the HQ's kitchen and yanking one of the drawers open. She grabbed up a few pixy stix before slamming it shut. Going over to the sink, I willed the water on and stuck my hands under the cold tap.
"She's pissed, because she was pulled from the battle?" I asked after shutting off the water and drying off my hands. Turning, I leaned against the counter, my senses on high alert.
"No hunter wishes to be pulled from a battle," Allia said and grabbed a couple bags of blood from the refrigerator with a scowl. "She may be a healer, but never forget that she is also a hunter," she finished and stabbed her fangs into the bag.
"I didn't forget," Kira mumbled and stepped from the kitchen. I followed her out, going over to one of the couches and sitting down.
"So," I said and let out a startled sound as a cat appeared out of nowhere.
"Aisley!" Kira exclaimed. The kitten that was Aisley meowed and jumped onto the table before lying down.
"Did you go see Elijah?" I asked. In response, she purred. "I'll take that as a yes," I said in amusement.
"Allia," Kira said, taking a step toward the kitchen. She stopped as Allia held up a hand, groaning.
"Are you okay?" I asked and leaned forward.
"I will be fine in a minute," Allia hissed. Kira's hands clenched into fists, and I could hear the growls she was trying to hold back. We didn't have to ask what was wrong. It was pointless when we already knew the answer. Because somewhere in hell, more vampires were dying, and I prayed that one of them? wasn't someone I knew.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-four

TRISTAN

Night have fallen a couple of hours ago, and in the realm of the demons, it was total chaos. In every direction as far as the eye could see was blood, torn body parts, bones, and more blood. As we stood outside of a large building painted a dull grey color, I continued to fight the internal demon within me. No longer able to retract my fangs or claws, I knew that I was just only seconds from losing it completely. I hissed, silently cursing Zynzaulatris. The ball of shadows might have not been aimed at me, but I did not appreciate the excruciating pain that slammed into me the moment I had regain consciousness. The sound of battles still going on around me was like listening to white noise. I couldn't even make out what Freya was saying to me as she and Evelyn held me between them. One of the hunters moved to the door, and I braced myself for the cold burn of death. So many deaths, I thought, so many fucking deaths. Grief, rage, and hunger fought one another for supremacy, and at the moment, rage and hunger threatened to pull me over the edge of sanity. It had a strangle hold on me, and I could barely get the sulfurous air drenched in the scent of blood and death into my lungs. I dug my claws into my palms, and blood dripped to the ground as I fought to remain in the right frame of mind. Suddenly the pain I was already in tripled-black spots danced across my vision as I staggered back a step. Looking down, I could see a hilt of a blade protruding from my stomach. "Wake up, Tristan," Amaya said sweetly into my ear. Snarling, I pulled out the blade, and then hissed as lust hit me, and it wasn't for blood. Oh, how dare she, I silently snarled. She did not just use her demon charm on me. She did not just? Pushing my way through the sexual haze, my hand shot out, and Amaya gasped as I stabbed her in the chest. The spell broke as suddenly as it came on, and she screamed as I slashed open her carotid with a claw. The ice cold of death magic slammed into me, and I screamed in rage as I was thrown to the ground. Amaya continued to scream as she was tossed into the air to slam against the side of the building. Before I could get to my feet, I let out another scream as what felt like a fist wrapped around my heart and squeezed, followed by the most agonizing wrench in the center of my being. My eardrums burst as blood vessels popped, and white light exploded in my head as Evelyn, Cailin, Rebecka, Casiar, Allia, and Riordan's screams filled my head. The only screams I didn't hear were Elijah and Taylor. I couldn't hear the latter, because? Still screaming, I mentally reached out, blasting every single vampire, demon, shifter, and witch away from me as I rode the pain and got to my feet. Fighting the darkness that tried to pull me under, I mentally locked on the blood and teleported.
Appearing in the middle of a mob, I quickly scanned the area. Flashing to one of the hunters, I grabbed her and dived into her mind. She screamed and screamed, clutching at my hands as I flipped back to the scene I wanted to see. As the demons drew closer to where we were standing, I let out a feral snarl and mentally lashed out. Some of the demons were flung back several feet while others met their deaths as their heads exploded, sending blood and brain matter flying into the air. The ground shook under my feet as flames erupted all around me. Sathia, Freya, Evelyn, and Casiar appeared beside me as I focused on the scene in the hunter's mind. Evelyn and Casiar quickly slipped into my own mind as I watch the very last moment of Taylor's life. Surrounded by no less than nine demons holding a 22 caliber, they fired simultaneously. She let out a bloodcurdling scream, because the bullets slamming into her weren't lead or silver; they were coated in demon blood. As she screamed, one of the demons threw a white worm into her mouth, cackling as she choked. She would've lasted a while longer except? I pulled out of the hunter's mind, Taylor's body exploding into bits of blood, flesh and bones flashing vividly in my mind's eye. The worm was no longer the size of an earth worm; it was now the size of a humanoid. It didn't make any move to attack, but that wouldn't last for long. The hunter slumped in my arms, and I shuddered. Growling, I ignored the burn of demon blood and handed her over to Jailyn who yanked a stray soul back to her before it could touch me. Freya muttered something under her breath, and not a second sooner, the flames died. Evelyn pulled me into her embrace, and everything went dark.
Evelyn released me as we appeared a hundred feet or so from the building. Someone must've given the go-ahead, because a few seconds later, the door burst open on its own. Except for the ongoing battle behind us, no one moved. A long minute past, and then Cazaron stirred, sheathing his sentient demon sword into the sheath at his back. The sword was all but vibrating in pleasure as he put a hand into his pocket and pulled out what looked like a tiny stick of dynamite. "You did not," Sathia hissed.
"What?" Cazaron asked. "This?" He held up the object in his hand and shrugged.
"If you blow up this place, how do you expect to rescue your friend?"
"Don't worry. It will only be a tiny explosion."
"Are you so sure about that?"
"According to your? friend here, Brynna is in the basement. Or are you telling me that her memories are faulty?" he asked, glancing at a bloodied Amaya leaning against the building in question. She shrugged. "Besides, this is a very, very special little friend of mine. I even have a name for her."
Sathia groaned and stepped back, shaking her head. "Don't make me drive that sword of yours through your heart," she warned and stabbed a claw in the direction of the ruined doorway. Chuckling, he turned to the door as the stick came to life-the tiny, blinking red light counting down the seconds. With one last look around him, he threw it into the building. Holding onto my last ounce of sanity like it was a lifeline, I hissed just as a boom sounded from inside. Sven and Cazaron were the first to enter when no screams could be heard. A minute later, Sven appeared in the doorway and nodded before disappearing.
"Hold on a little longer," Freya said into my ear as her cold hand wrapped around my upper arm. "After we rescue Brynna, you can have some fun," she finished with a hiss as she tugged me toward the building. How in the world's fuck was I still in control of my damn beast? I thought as I blinked blood from my eyes. Snarling, I pulled away from Freya and flashed inside. Looking around, I realized that the explosion hadn't done much damage. It took out most of the north wall and part of the ceiling. There were scorched marks here and there; dust and debris still raining down around Lorena, Sven, Cazaron, and Jesric. Smoke hung thick and heavy in the air as I made my way into the kitchen and to a closed door, Sathia, Nolita, Davina, Iris, Evelyn, Casiar, and Freya closed behind me. Freya's arms came around me, pulling me to a stop as Sven's own hand slammed into my chest.
"Allow me to go through first," he hissed as I growled low in my throat. "Please?" I snarled, baring my fangs as my hand closed around his wrist. Cursing, he jerked out of my hold and muttered about something I couldn't make out. Shaking his head, he opened the door, and at the same time, Freya and Iris yanked me out of harm's way. After a moment of hesitation and making sure nothing was going to kill us, he stepped through the door and let out a snarl. "Don't let him go," he snapped as the others joined him and I found myself being slammed headfirst to the floor. The rush of blood grew louder and louder in my ears, and my vision tunneled, narrowing until they were nothing more than pinpricks of red. The cool rush of Freya's magic washed over me, and I snarled, seething as I fought the magical binding. My snarls turned into screams of unadulterated rage as I felt the ice-cold touch of death magic crashing into me. I could all but practically hear something snapping in my brain as darkness closed in on me.

BRYNNA

So much pain? and no relief in sight. All I could smell was my own blood; all I could feel were nothing but a burning numbness that just wouldn't go away. I couldn't see or hear anything, but I could feel the vibrations, and it was adding to the pain I was already in. I wondered how many more times they were going to flay me alive before giving in to the urge to just kill me outright. Oh, I thought, almost smugly. I hope they'd slip up soon, because revenge was bitter sweet. I couldn't even scream as pain flared white hot, and the brief relief of unconsciousness was only a blip on my radar. Though I was no longer being clawed, slashed, stabbed, shredded, burnt, or skinned, I could still feel the phantom pain of it. I was drowning in my own blood-the taste of it driving me insane. The worst part was that I couldn't slip into blissful oblivion-the agony too great to simply be ignored. Sounds began to filter in, but I still wasn't able to see. Hell, did I even have eyeballs? Growls and snarls battered against my poor senses, and I couldn't help it? I let out a pained groan. "Fuck," someone hissed from nearby. I tried to gasp in air, but instead of getting air into my lungs, all I got was more blood down the wrong tube. I coughed, my breath wheezing out of me as what felt like being lifted came over me. "Fuck," someone repeated, and I realized that someone was Sathia. "If you can hear me, Brynna, don't come up with any brilliant ideas." She hissed at someone else, and I screamed inside my own head as red-hot fire licked along my entire body. A second later, pain exploded in my head, and blissful oblivion finally pulled me under.

SARISA

"This won't do us any good," I said as I held up the IV bag feeding blood into Ari's veins. "But for now, try to keep the fact that we didn't tell Tristan that Ari woke up for a short while to yourselves. I was just told that the portal will be opening in a minute."
Kira gulped. "Are they all coming back?" she asked, her hands tightening on the bedrail.
"All except for Jailyn, Casiar, Jesric, and Riordan." She nodded, looking both highly terrified and relieved. I held back a laugh, shaking my head slightly. "You just don't want to see your sire," I said dryly. "You do, but yet you don't." I reached out with one hand and ruffled her hair. "Want to see the report I wrote up about you for him?"
She gasped, grabbing my hand and pushing it away. "You did not!" she exclaimed and poked Ari's cheek hard.
"Kira!" I spluttered.
"Ari," she moaned. "Wake up. You have to save me." Skyler, who was trying her best to hold back her laughter, put her face in her hands and let it out. There was a sudden charge in the air, and we all stilled, except for Skyler who dropped her hands and sat back in her chair, tears in her eyes and still laughing.
"Oh god," Kira said breathlessly. "They're definitely back." She rubbed her arms and let out a shudder.
"Any of you covered with demon blood, wash it off or drain yourself," I said, knowing full well they could hear me. I hung the IV bag on a hook as the charge grew even more charged. Stomach tightening, I stepped from the room and came to a sudden halt, as Sathia appeared from nowhere holding a broken, bloody form of Brynna in her arms.
"If you are wondering where Tristan is," the demon drawled. "Jesric dropped him off in the middle of a pack of six rogue vampires." I nodded and pointed into an empty room. I followed Sathia in and nodded to the table. After carefully lowering Brynna onto it, she stepped back. Sensing Sergei long before he appeared in the doorway, I turned and scowled at him. Covered in dried black and red blood, he gave no indication that he was in pain. Muttering, I stabbed a finger toward the bathroom.
"Move," I snapped. He glanced at Sathia, giving her a questioning look.
"Was she like this when you arrived?" he asked as he stepped into the room.
The demon smirked and shrugged. "I suggest you do as you're told," she said dryly. "I've heard she can get nasty if her orders are ignored."
"Sergei!" I yelled, and he grunted as white light shot from my hands to hit him in the stomach. "Get in there and wash the blood off." Shuddering, wincing, and grumbling, he flashed to the bathroom. "Now stay in there until I say otherwise."
"Yes, sir," he muttered. Sighing, I walked into the walk-in refrigerator and grabbed four bags of blood. Flashing into the bathroom, I set them but one on the sink counter and glanced at the giant plastic container sitting on top of it. Sergei dropped his clothes into it while his somewhat cleaned weapons went into the sink. His cold hand brushed my own as he took the blood I held out to him. Looking him up and down, I growled at the opened wounds I could see. Dropping the empty bag into the same container as his bloody clothes, his hand caught my wrist before I could touch him.
"I will be fine," he said softly. I scowled as his free hand cupped my chin, tilting back my head until I was looking him in the eye. "I will be fine," he repeated, his thumb stroking my cheek. "Help Brynna, she needs it more than any of us."
"But-" His hand was a blur as he gripped a fistful of my hair, tilting my head back even more as his mouth landed on mine, and I gasped as his tongue swept in to clash with my own. It was brutal and hot, nowhere near gentle as I kissed him back, one of my hands going to his upper arm and squeezing. Our tongues stroked, clashed, and tangled together in a rough dance as pleasure coursed throughout my body. I groaned at the sudden heat between my legs, as my core began to throb. He broke the kiss with a snarl, both of us panting, as if we ran a billion-mile marathon. The hand that was gripping my hair loosened, and he smirked.
"Need a little help?" he asked as the bathroom door shut behind me.
I gasped. "Don't you dare," I hissed and yelped as he spun me fully to face the sink. Gripping the counter with both hands, I growled. "This is not the time to-" Groaning, I let my head hang in defeat as his hands moved to unbutton and unzip my pants before reaching inside my underwear to stroke my opening with a finger.
"There is nothing wrong with a quickie, love," he whispered in my ear as I shifted, spreading my legs for better balance.
"Yes, there's? fuck," I moaned as he pushed a finger inside me.
"And I take a dare as a challenge," he growled as his finger moved in and out of me.
"You have no? god damn it," I gasped as he pushed a second finger inside of me. I moaned as his fingers moved faster in and out. Tightening around him, I pushed back into his hand and sank my fangs into my lower lip as I came apart for him, my fingers digging painfully into the counter as my nails created dents and gouges in the smooth, white surface. Growling, he shoved my pants and underwear down, and I stepped out of them, gasping and cursing at him. His cold hands went to my waist, and my world blurred as he spun me around and moved to press my back against the cold wall. I wrapped my legs around him, and his mouth fell on mine, kissing me as he thrust himself inside me with a growl. Clutching at his shoulders, my nails digging into him, I met him thrust for thrust as he took me fast and hard. The hot pleasure coursing through me grew, and my vision wavered as I clenched around him. I screamed into his mouth as the orgasm slammed into me. He snarled as I squeezed him, and he jerked and pulsed as he came inside of me. I let out a moan, wrapping my arms around him as he broke the kiss. "Damn you," I gasped as he slowly pulled out of me.
"What?" he growled innocently. "You need to loosen up a little." I glared at him as he stepped back, one hand going to my upper arm to steady me. Regaining my balance, he released me and jumped into the shower before I could get the brilliant idea to punch him. "Go," he said. "Go and heal Brynna. The healing light you hit me with is helping with speeding up my own."
"Not fast enough," I said grumpily as I picked up my underwear and jeans off the floor and stepped into them.
"Go," he warned.
"I hate you," I growled as I willed on the sink water to wash my hands. Shutting off the tap and after drying my hands on a midnight-blue hand-towel, I yanked open the door and stomped from the bathroom. Sathia, looking oh so amused, opened her mouth to say something, only to curse vehemently as I stabbed her in the side of her neck with a hypodermic needle. "Not a word," I snarled and mentally shoved at Sergei as he let out a chuckle.
"OW," Sathia complained and yanked out the needle, dropping it onto an empty tray that was sitting on the counter. Muttering something under her breath, she walked out the door that led into the hall. Taking in several deep, deep breaths, I stepped up to the table and stared down at Brynna.
"Okay," I said with a heavy sigh as Cailin appeared beside me. "First, let's clean all this blood off you." A little scared of what I would find under all the mess, I took the dripping wet cloth Cailin was holding out and gently, gently wiped away the blood. It didn't help much, because she was still bleeding out. Setting the bloodied cloth on the tray, I looked her up and down, getting my first good glance at all the injuries. Aside from the cuts, stabs, slashes, and bruises; almost every single bone in her body were either broken or crushed. Judging by the pinkness of her skin, it looked like she had been flayed a time or two. Her face was swollen; her eye sockets crushed. Cailin let out a hiss and growled low in her throat as she got a look inside Brynna's mouth. Her jaw was dislocated, and though her fangs were extended to their full length, her tongue was nowhere in sight. "Shit," I hissed, peering into her empty eye sockets. "This is going to be a fucking bitch to grow back." I whistled. "She is going to be piiiissed." Turning her head from side to side, I got a look at her ears. "That doesn't mean shit," I said and glared at the untouched ears. Growling, I grabbed an otoscope and peeked inside. "Yep, as I thought," I hissed. "Burst eardrums."
"I will feed her, just say the word," Cailin said through gritted teeth as she dropped into a chair. I nodded, setting the scope on the tray. Behind me, Sergei let out a whistle.
"Damn," he growled.
"I know we've seen all this before," I said dryly as the hot tingle of magic rushed to my hands. "But this is Brynna we're talking about."
"I have her in a deep sleep," said Cailin. "Go ahead and heal what you can." My hands glowing like the noon sun, I placed them on Brynna's cheeks. The heat of my magic poured into her, and I shuddered as fluid and more blood leaked from her eye sockets and ears into her blood-soaked hair. My hands moved to her neck and slowly down the rest of her body, wincing as demon blood burned my skin. After one last sweep up and down her body, I withdrew my hands and let the glow fade as I straightened to my full height. Cursing, I limped over to the sink and washed away the blood and other stuff I didn't even want to ponder on.
"You can feed her," I said to Cailin and Sergei. They both nodded as I made my way to the door with a wet paper towel still in hand. "I'm going to check up on Ari. Warn me when Tristan get here, won't you?"
"I'll be sure to do that," Cailin replied with a chuckle.
"I will hold you to that," I said and stepped from the room.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-five

RAINA

"Are you planning to shadow me for the rest of the morning?" Freya asked in a cool, calm tone that belied the tension in her taut body.
"Do you mind?" I asked and shrugged.
"So long as you do not bleed in my presence."
"I can't promise that," I muttered.
"Very well, then prepare for the consequence that is to follow."
"No need," I said as I followed her down the streets of Red Bank, New Jersey. "What are we doing here?" I asked.
"You do not know?"
I scowled as we made our way through someone's yard. "Evelyn just told me to keep an eye on you."
"I see," she said, amusement in her voice. Rounding the side of a house, we came to a stop fifty feet from the front door. "Tell me something," she said and turned to face me.
"What?" I asked suspiciously, my hand going to my blade. Freya's eyes narrowed dangerously, and I pointed a finger at her. "Stay right where you are," I warned.
"And if I do not? What will you do, then?" she asked quietly. My hand instinctively clenched around the hilt of my blade as I unsheathed it. We both let out a startled gasp as Tristan suddenly appeared behind her. Swallowing, I quickly unsheathed another blade as he put a hand on Freya's shoulder.
"Play nice, sweetheart," he said, so low I barely caught it. I looked him up and down, and seeing no blood or any wounds on him, I relaxed, if only a little. Freya turned to him and stared intently into his eyes. "Are you well?" she asked, and I could hear the worry in her voice.
"Yes," he said, dropping his hand from her and taking a step back. "I am quite well. Sarisa would have not permitted me to leave otherwise."
"Hmm," I said thoughtfully. "Since when do you listen to anyone?"
"What are you trying to say, Raina?"
"Oh? nothing, nothing whatsoever."
"Is that so?" he asked slowly as the temperature-already at freezing-began to drop degree by degree.
"So," Freya said quickly before I could reply. "Where was I before I was so rudely, rudely interrupted?" Tristan growled as she sidestepped and turned, until she could see us both. "Ah yes. Tell me, why is it people do not keep a lookout, especially here?"
I shrugged. "Who is here?" I asked, picking up the fact that a necromancer was inside.
"Teeros."
I blinked. "The fucker we've been tracking for a while now?"
"Yes," she said and scowled as Tristan disappeared into thin air.
"Who found him?"
"Jesric." I nodded, peering around at the white landscape, at the icicles sticking from tree branches and hanging along the rooftop of houses. "Shall we?" I again nodded and followed her to the door as I sheathed my two blades I was still holding.
On the slippery doorstep, I reached out and jabbed the doorbell. A moment later, the door was yanked open by a scowling Teeros. "I was about to call the protectors on you," he snapped. "What the hell do you want?"
"Is that how you greet every visitor that comes to your door?" Freya asked conversationally. "It is a wonder that you do not have any friends."
Teeros growled and flashed his fangs. "Either you explain what you're doing on my doorstep, or I'm calling the hunters."
"It is the hunters rather than the protectors now? Surely, you are unable to make up your mind. Very well, I shall endeavor to explain the point of our visit." Freya shoved her hands into her pockets and peered at the necromancer thoughtfully. "You see, Teeros, you have been a naughty, naughty necromancer." Teeros eyes widened, but he didn't make a move to slam the door in our faces or run for the nearest exit. "Therefore," she said softly. "You must be punished for your? misdeeds."
"You don't have proof," he hissed.
"Oh, I assure you, we have more than enough to get on with." Teeros and I took a step back as Freya dropped the cloaking that hid her true aura. "Save us both the trouble and do not run. It will only make me angry. Trust me. You do not want me angry." Teeros gulped and nodded slowly as Freya and I backed away from the door. "Now, step outside, and do not try anything stupid. I am not in the mood to deal with childish behavior today." Teeros hesitated before slowly stepping out and closing the door behind him. "Now, turn around slowly and place your hands behind your back." Growling, the necromancer slowly turned, placing his hands behind his back as Freya pulled out a pair of handcuffs in the color of dark, dark red from her pocket. In a move too fast to track, she had the cuffs snapped around his wrists. Teeros let out a gasp and stumbled into her arms. "There there," she said soothingly.
"What did you do?" he asked breathlessly. "What did you do? My magic is gone."
"Be at ease," she whispered in his ear and tightened her hold around him as he began to struggle. "It is only a mere? precaution. You understand, do you not?"
"What am I being charged with?"
"Quiet now. You will find out soon enough." And not a second sooner, everything went dark.
Down on one of the lowest levels of Council HQ, cellblocks were lined up on either side of me, looking bleak and for the moment, emptied of prisoners. The loud squeaking, clanging, banging sounds of a cell door being opened grated painfully against my eardrums, and I turned to find Tristan standing silently off to the side. "In you go," I said, taking the necromancer from Freya and shoving him into the cell where he sprawled ungracefully onto the floor, cursing.
"Not to worry," Freya said as she stepped into the cell after him. "Your friends will be joining you very, very soon," she finished as her magic filled the already charged air. Reaching down, she pulled him up and spun him around to face the wall before quickly un-cuffing him. Before she could step back out, a tendril of shadow shot from Teeros, striking her in the gut and flinging her into the closed cell across from him. The cell door briefly flickered blue, a split second before two hundred and fifty thousand voltage of electricity slammed into her from behind. Gasping, Freya clamped her mouth shut as she convulsed. Tristan was a blur as he moved to take her into his arms, holding her tightly against him as the current continued to course through her body. Grunting in pain, he held her until she went limp, staring blankly at nothing. My eyes on Teeros the entire time, I didn't miss the fact that he disappeared into thin air, only to reappear back in his cell a second later.
"What the fuck?" he snarled as the cell door slammed shut with a deafening bang. Freya blinked and straightened in Tristan's arms. "I don't fucking get it," he hissed. Tristan teleported into the cell, taking Freya with him. I stepped up to the bars and smirked.
"You know," I said conversationally as Tristan appeared beside me. "You shouldn't have done that. You really, really shouldn't have done that." The necromancer's breathing grew ragged as he broke out in sweat.
"What the hell is going on?" he asked and groaned in pain as he staggered away from Freya who looked more annoyed than pissed off.
"You must think me for a fool," Freya said, almost in a whisper. "Truly, I do not understand the depths people go to when incarcerated." Teeros's groans slowly turned into a scream as he pressed himself into the wall. "Logic has no place in their minds as stupidity takes over." The necromancer continued to scream as he fell, his skin reddening as blood trickled from his eyes. "You could have made this easier on yourself just by remaining silent and doing nothing. Yet, you seem to have other? ideas in mind, but I digress. What shall your punishment be, I wonder?" Tristan's hand landed on my shoulder, and he led me away from Teeros's cell. Stopping at the closed heavy steel doors, he dropped his hand from me as I turned, in time to see Freya sinking her fangs into the necromancer's throat. He let out a bloodcurdling scream, and after a moment, Freya released him as he writhed in agony. Unlocking the cell door and opening it, she stepped out and slammed it shut. Putting her hand on one of the bars, she smiled. "It hurt, does it not?" I looked to Tristan and frowned at the piece of paper in his hand. He glanced down at it in thought before shrugging and walking over to Freya. She turned, nodding as she took the paper from him. Reaching into her pocket, she pulled out a pen and after quickly reading it through; she signed the paper and handed it back to him with a nod. Teeros's screams continued to scrape painfully against my eardrums as Tristan made his way back to me.
"Death warrant?" I asked as he stopped beside me and leaned against the door. He nodded, his eyes going distant and unfocused.
"Now where was I?" Freya asked and scowled. Glaring at no one in particular, she turned back to Teeros and growled. Gripping the bar with both hands, she narrowed her eyes on him. My skin tingled as the magic around us grew stronger. I blinked, hissing as blood exploded from Teeros's body, splashing the walls, ceiling, floor, and Freya. My ears rang in the sudden silence that followed, and I shuddered. Teeros's body was yanked by some unseen force and slammed up against the cell door. Freya reached out, stroking his bloody cheek with a pale finger as she smiled with amusement. "You still have half of a pint left in your body," she said softly. "Does it burn like the hellfire of hell itself?" she whispered. "Tell me, what would you give just for a single cup of blood right now?" She blinked, as if remembering something important. "Oh," she breathed. "That is right. You cannot speak, let alone think. You poor, poor child." She paused, and then shrugged. "Just one more thing before I leave you to your? peace." She smirked. "This will only hurt for a minute." With that, she dived into his mind, and I winced as brain matter began to slowly leak from his ears. When she was done, she dropped the lifeless form of Teeros and shuddered. Stepping back from the cell, she walked over to us, stopping just out of grabbing range. Pointing at me, she nodded.
"What are you??" I began to ask, only to quickly dodge out of the way, except I wasn't fast enough as Tristan grabbed onto my wrist. "Freya," I growled. "Why? Just why?"
"I am sorry, Raina."
I grunted. "No, you're not," I hissed as I tried to pull away from Tristan. Cursing, I glared at Freya as he yanked me to him. His arms came around me as everything went dark.

JAILYN

"There are more of them than I originally thought." Jesric, a pen and notebook in hand, stood beside me as we surveyed the demons through the veil that separated abyss from hell.
"Make sure you have them all listed," I said as I struggled to keep my souls contained. "Then we must return to deal with some misfits that do not belong amongst us."
"You can leave if you like. I'll remain until I'm done here."
I hesitated, frowning. "Are you sure?" He nodded, poking one of the souls that strayed too far from me. I sighed as I yanked them back. "If you have any problems, you will be sure to call on me?"
"I will."
I nodded. "And before you return, find Teeros and escort him to the pit for me."
Jesric smirked. "I see that he is no longer one of the living."
"I am afraid not. Freya did a nice job in dispatching him."
"Damn," he muttered. "I missed her killing him."
I chuckled. "Yes, and you also missed the part where he tried to escape his cell."
"God damn it!" he exclaimed and stalked away, growling under his breath. Amused, I glanced around the empty, cold landscape of the abyss one last time and jumped into the void.
"Everything went well I take it?" Violet asked as I quickly steadied myself and looked around the room I appeared in.
"Yes," I said slowly. "How is everything here?" She shrugged, shoving her iPhone into her pocket and straightened from the wall she was leaning against. "Has Ari awakened?"
She shook her head and scowled. "When I last went in to check, she was still sleeping."
"How long ago was that?"
"That was like half an hour ago. I believe Alexander is with her now."
"She is keeping her blood down, correct?" She nodded. "That's good to hear." I let out a heavy sigh and walked to the door. Putting a hand on the doorknob, I turned to look over my shoulder at Violet. "One more question, has Alyssa been reading the materials I've given her?" She hesitated, and then shrugged. "Don't lie to me," I warned. "I will not be pleased."
"She has and hasn't," she said slowly.
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"She only read when someone tells her to, and when they leave, she reads a couple more pages before putting it down."
"I see," I said slowly as my head began to pound with an oncoming headache that was surely going to hurt like a bitch. Opening the door, I stepped from her room and walked down the hall to the front door. Stepping outside into the cold, I walked over to Jordana who was humming a song and put my hands on her shoulders from behind. "Does Kira know that you have her dog?" I asked as she patted the trembling animal on the head. Oblivious to her surroundings, Jordana continued to hum as I turned her around and walked her back inside. "Stay put," I said as I dropped my hands from her. "Don't bite the dog. Kira won't be happy if you do. Understand?" She nodded, still humming as she walked into the kitchen. Shaking my head, I teleported.
Alyssa let out a startled gasp as I appeared in the living room of her apartment. Seeing the narrow-eyed look I was giving her, she dropped her phone on the table and got up from the couch. "Okay," she muttered under her breath. "What did I do wrong now?"
"Who are you talking to?" Brianna asked as she walked in from the hall. "Oh," she said in surprise. "Jailyn."
"Brianna," I said in greeting. "I need to borrow your sister for a minute."
"Where are you taking me?" Alyssa asked nervously as I closed in on her.
"It seems to me that you do not understand just how important it is that you study what I have given you." Before she could sputter out a response, I grabbed her by the throat and jumped into the abyss. Spinning her around until she was facing away from me, I held her against my chest as she gasped for air. "Look around you," I snapped. "Tell me what you see."
"Nothing," she stammered, her heart pounding loud in my ears. "I see nothing but purple."
"Do you know where we are?" I growled, resisting the urge to throttle her.
"No," she said hesitantly.
"We're in the abyss. Do you know what that is?"
"No."
Releasing her, I turned her to look at me. "Dear girl, did you even read a word about necromancy?"
"I read some of it."
"Some?" I asked softly, and a wave of fear rolled off her as she blinked against the pull of my voice. "From what I am hearing, you have not read enough." She gulped. "The abyss is a plane between hell and earth, and this is the place where the dead linger before they are taken to wherever they are supposed to go, whether that be the deepest parts of hell, remaining here in limbo, or crossing over." Silently growling, I opened a veil to hell and pointed behind her. "Turn around, and tell me what you see." Alyssa slowly turned, and she gasped as she saw the demons, going about their business under a reddish-yellow sky.
"Demons," she whispered.
"What did I just do?" I asked as I let the veil dissipate into nothingness.
"I? I don't know," she mumbled.
"Of course," I said and grabbed her as I jumped into the void, appearing in her room a second later. I shoved her onto her bed and leaned over her, growling. "Do you think you're the only one that has to go through this?" I hissed. "Do you think you're the only one that has to sit at a desk for hours on end flipping back and forth pages in a book to memorize spells, runes, incantations, chants? Do you think you're the only one that has to know all the different types of demons and their classifications? Do you think you're the only one that have to learn how to manipulate shadows, gain and control souls, how to summon demons? Necromancy is not an art you want to trifle with, girl! This is not the same as white magic, or healing magic, or rune magic, or blood magic, or any other god damn motherfucking types of magic! This is death!" I snarled. "Do you understand? Death magic! For the love of all that is unholy, get that through your thick skull, because you're not the first I've taken as my apprentice and you sure as hell," I growled. "Will not be the last!" Eyes widened in terror, Alyssa stared up at me, speechless as she tried not to tremble before me. Death magic swirled about the room as I straightened and walked to her desk that was piled high with books. Picking up the one on top, I walked back to the bed and glared down at her. "Introduction to necromancy," I growled and dropped the book into her lap. "It's in your best interest to read it. If you don't?" She sucked in a sharp breath, gasping as I slowly poured information and images into her mind, stopping when blood began to trickle from her eyes and ears. "You want to become a necromancer, girl? You will have to do the work that I require of all my students. Do you understand what I am saying?" She nodded, clutching her head as she groaned in pain. "Say it," I hissed.
"I understand," Alyssa whimpered. Turning away from her and fuming, I teleported out of there before I could show the damn fledgling just exactly how unhappy I was. Oh, I was angry all right, angry enough to fucking kill.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-six

Gritting my teeth, I took in several deep breaths in and out as I silently cursed the entire god damn universe and its inhabitants. Shaking my head vigorously, I growled and stalked into the Night Life Bar. Like a switch being flipped, the few patrons inside abruptly went silent. Sighing inwardly, I strode up to the bar and putting my hands on the cool surface, I leaned forward and caught Cane's surprised gaze with my own. "It is nice to see you, too," I said, and my compulsion slammed into him and the patrons as I reached for them one by one. "Every one of you will go back to your drinks and forget the fact that you saw me walk through the door, because for all intents and purposes, I never did enter the bar." I released the patrons, never taking my eyes off of Cane. "You, however," I said quietly to the bartender. "Will remember me and do exactly as I say." Projecting the instruction into his head, I smirked. "Did you get that?" I asked.
"Yes," he replied tonelessly.
"Good. Now, do you have all the necessary ingredients?"
"Yes."
"Very well, I want a shot of everclear. Start a tab, and I want it straight. Make sure that no one is watching you when you're doing whatever it is that you are about to do when I release you. That includes the cameras. Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes."
"And you will not speak a word of this to anyone. In fact, the moment I leave, you will forget ever seeing the instruction or making the drink. Instead, you will remember serving me whiskey with type AB negative blood. Is that clear?"
"Yes." Straightening, I nodded and released him. Cane blinked as I took a seat at the bar. Shaking his head, he stepped back. "Right," he muttered. "I'll bring you your drink."
"You do that," I said as he disappeared into the small kitchen. Without it being obvious, I scanned the patrons, keeping a lookout for any misbehaving rogues. Resting one arm on the bar, I sighed and mentally reached out to Kindri. Jailyn? Kindri asked into my mind. Kindri, I said, silently acknowledging her. How is everything? I silently asked. Quite well, I have Zaida, and I just threw her sire in a cell. I inwardly smirked. And the rest? Kindri growled. They are no longer our problem. We have a bigger one. I sighed. How many? She hesitated. Since Teeros is dead, four more, not including Zaida's sire. I silently groaned. Thank you. I will leave you now, I said into her head and pulled back. Grabbing the shot Cane put in front of me only a mere second ago, I tossed the drink back, hissing in pleasure as the liquid burned the inside of my mouth and down my throat. "You know," I said out loud, grabbing the second shot and slamming it. "I can't seem to get a break now these days." Throwing back my third and fourth shots, I groaned, hissing as the burning numbness settled over me. "So many fucking assholes, so many fucking idiots, so little time to deal with them." Glancing at Cane, I slowly got to my feet, one hand gripping the bar for balance as my world spun around me. I quickly tossed back my fifth and sixth shot as the numbness settled more heavily over me. "I have to go," I muttered as Tristan appeared beside me. "Give me the pitcher." Before I could take the pitcher, Tristan grabbed it as his other hand took hold of my upper arm.
"That is enough," Tristan said with a sigh.
I scowled. "I was only at it for ten seconds."
"Ten seconds too long." Grumbling, I removed my hand from the bar, and everything went dark.
"Oh my god!" Kira exclaimed the moment we appeared in the Council's chamber. "Is Jailyn drunk? Holy fucking shit, is she drunk?"
I grimaced as Tristan pushed me into a chair and up against a table. "Shut up," I growled. "I am not drunk, you foolish thing."
"No fucking way! Are you seeing double?" She held up her hand in front of me. "How many fingers am I holding up?"
"Four," I muttered, and I shuddered against the burning sensation I could still feel.
"No," Tristan said dryly. "Two."
"Fuck."
"Oh my god, I can't believe this," Kira said and flashed from the room. Tristan set the pitcher down and stared at me.
"What?" I asked and grabbed the handle of the pitcher and pulled it toward me.
"Out of all the days in a year you could pick from," he growled. "Why did you have to pick today to get drunk?" he asked as a big shot glass appeared in his hand.
"Because the world fucking sucks."
"No fucking shit," he muttered and took the pitcher from me.
"Stupid annoying fucking fledglings who think they can achieve anything just by sitting around and being lazy, and hey," I spluttered.
"It's called sharing," he growled and poured himself a couple of shots before tossing them both back.
"I planned on being fucked over alone, damn it."
"Too bad," he hissed and shuddered.
"Is Evey going to join us?" I asked and stole his third shot. "Or will she be stone cold sober for the duration of the session?" I sipped at the drink before swallowing the entire content. Tristan growled something I couldn't make out as he tugged the shot glass out of my numb fingers.
"We need to finish this before our children return with the prisoners."
"You have a point." I glared at him as he quickly finished off the rest of the alcohol.
"I feel much, much better," he said and coughed, both pitcher and shot glass disappearing just as Freya entered the Council's chamber.
"Dear god," she said in horror as she crossed the huge space that separated us from the door. "Both of you are out of your minds."
"I sincerely thank you for the compliment."
Stopping at the table, she pulled out a chair to my right and sat. "Both of you do realize this could go wrong?"
"We're very well aware," I said as Tristan dropped into the chair beside Freya, blood trickling from his nose. "That is why we have you here."
Freya let out a harrumph and folded her arms on the table. "I see."
"And not a word to the younglings. They're going to ask and be very? persistent about it."
"Not to worry, I will not say a word. I never had before, and will not do so now."
"Good," I mumbled and closed my eyes as Evelyn walked in.
"My worst nightmare came true," Evelyn gasped. "Tristan and Jailyn getting drunk together. The world has truly ended. All the demons back in hell can now cheer and jump for joy," she said sarcastically. "Woohoo."
"I reserve the right to be drunk," I muttered. "It has been centuries."
"Freya," Evelyn said with a sigh. "Can you sober them up?"
"Don't you dare touch me," I warned and snapped my eyes open to glare at her.
"Tristan?" Freya asked. "What say you?"
"When I go to see Ari," Tristan said slowly and wiped away the blood with a white handkerchief that appeared from nowhere.
"If you insist."
"You weren't supposed to ask them," Evelyn said and grumbled under her breath as she took a seat to Tristan's right.
"My apologies, then."
"Humph."
"Leave me alone," I complained. "I need to drown my sorrows in something other than mass slaughter. Besides, I still have spirits to escort to their next life when this is all done and over with. It's a fucking party in limbo land." Silence greeted my ears when I was done, and I looked at them-my drunkenness lifting slightly. "Sorry," I said, wincing as sadness washed over me. "I just totally killed the mood, didn't I?"
"Yeah," Evelyn said with a putout sigh. "You did. That is what Casiar, Cazaron, Riordan, and Jesric are doing now. Isn't it? Escorting spirits?"
"Mmhmm."
"I believe Violet left a few minutes ago to help them," said Freya. "Kindri must remain here of course."
"Here come the children," Evelyn said, as the doors were pulled open to allow Kira, Corinne, Skyler, Jade, Aisley, Jude, Trent, and all the others through. Cole, the last to enter, slammed the doors shut with a boom.
"I'm not drunk enough for this," I said under my breath as a loud gong sounded once overhead and somewhere off in the distance. "Because I can still think straight."

AISLEY

The entire group was silent as we quickly lined up against the walls, glancing nervously at each other every now and then. Tristan nodded to Freya, who scowled before pushing back from the table and getting to her feet. Her eyes met mine, and I quickly looked away, unsure if she was able to compel me or not. Kira, standing to my left, practically vibrated with restrain excitement. I elbowed her hard, and she yelped. "What was that for?" she hissed, low enough that her question didn't reach the members of the Council who sat half a football field away from us. Okay, the chamber wasn't the size of a football field, but it might as well have been. The spacious, squared chamber was probably a hundred feet by a hundred or more. If I hadn't stepped off the elevator and walked down the long dimly lit hall to get here, I would've thought the chamber itself took up half the floor. Spaced at ten feet intervals along the walls were a circular drain, and there was one in the center of the room. The floor was made from some kind of bricks, and the walls were made from stones and probably other stuff to make them impenetrable against vampire strength. Hell, there was probably magic here, even though I couldn't feel it at the moment. While the floor was the color of dark, dark red, the walls and ceiling were pale blue, so pale that it might as well be white. The doors I could see were closed, and I did not want to know where they led to. The single light bulb didn't do much in illuminating the chamber; it casted almost the entire room in shadows. After all, we didn't need light to get around by.
"Tune down your excitement," I muttered. "We all know it's going to get bloody before long."
Kira growled something and nodded. "Right," she said with a huff. "You're right." I grunted, and before I could comment on that, the temperature suddenly dropped, plunging the chamber to almost the freezing zone. Five prisoners wrapped in silver chains appeared ten feet or so in front of the Council members, and every one of them had a hunter with them. Where skin met chain, the contact sizzled, smoking as if the chains were burning them. The door at the far side of the room opened, and I almost gasped out loud as Elijah walked out. He stopped at the table, looking around before taking Freya's vacated seat. Freya herself put a hand on his shoulder, and the air in the chamber all but vibrated around us as he growled. A moment later, Freya pulled back and flashed to the doors that led out of the chamber. Turning, she leaned against them, nodding to Cole and Sven who stood on either side of her. Elijah glanced at Tristan and Jailyn, blinking at them but said nothing as he leaned back in his chair. It took all I had within me not to run over to him and check his physical and mental stability.
"Release them," Evelyn said, as if this was an everyday thing. The two necromancers that appeared out of thin air with the prisoners-Jesric and Kindri-nodded, and the chains vanished, dropping them onto the floor with grunts of pain. "If you please, bring her in." A ding sounded, and the silver elevator at one corner that I hadn't notice earlier slid open. Sarisa and Sergei stepped out with a fledgling between them. Sarisa's hand on the fledgling's back, they walked over and came to a stop out of both the prisoners and those at the table's grabbing range. "Bring her forward," Evelyn said as black smoke puffed from the fledgling's mouth. Sarisa nodded and walked forward, until they reached the black, polished rectangular granite table. Giving the fledgling a squeeze on the shoulder, the huntress stepped back. "State your name, young one."
"Zaida Alari," the fledgling said calmly, blinking as she puffed out another stream of smoke. Tristan growled something, and a second later, I could feel magic at work. He grunted, like he had been smacked upside the head as he blinked rapidly to clear the rest of the drunken fog from his mind. Evelyn looked so relieved that I thought she was going to reach out and strangle the life out of him, as the magic in the air slowly dissipated. Tristan stared down at the tabletop for a long moment, and then he glanced at Zaida, his eyes narrowing dangerously. Reaching across the table, he held out his hand to her, saying nothing as the fledgling hesitated. Realizing that he wasn't going to withdraw the hand anytime soon, Zaida reluctantly placed her own trembling one into his. She let out a squeak as Tristan lifted her up and over the table. Pushing his chair back, he settled her in his lap and tilted her head back with a finger. Another puff of smoke came out of her mouth, and he turned his head, grimacing. As the smoke settled, he leaned down and nuzzled her neck. Zaida stiffened, spluttering and squeaking as he inhaled deeply. Growling, he pulled back and lifted her from his lap, setting her on her feet as he rose.
"Oh, god," Kira hissed as my own stomach clenched painfully. "I have a very, very bad feeling about this." Apart from the puffing smoke, Zaida didn't move as Tristan rounded the table and walked over to the prisoners, stopping in front of one of them.
"Enlighten me," Tristan hissed into the silence. "What was the purpose of all this?" When none of them spoke up, Tristan smirked. "Very well, keep your silence." He stared intently at the one in front of him, and the necromancer actually recoiled away from Tristan, gasping. Shivering, I folded my arms and pressed myself into the wall behind me. The red ringing Tristan's white eyes vanished, and the earth trembled beneath my feet as he grabbed the cowering necromancer by the throat. In lightning speed, he slammed the necromancer into the wall so hard that for a second, I thought I felt my brain rattling inside my skull. Tristan's low snarls filled my ears as he released the necromancer who hit the floor hard, only to be jerked upright and slammed back against the wall by some unseen force. Bleeding from his eyes, ears and nose, the necromancer struggled against Tristan's mental hold to no avail. He tried to speak, but all that came out was a gurgling sound. "Did you not think I would find out?" I swallowed hard, rubbing my tingling hands against my jeans. "Did you?" Tristan asked, his voice dropping into a whisper. "You are a disappointment to me, Karacus."
"Sorry," Karacus wheezed. "I'm sorry. Please, don't kill me. I beg of you."
"No, Karacus," Tristan said oh so slowly. "No, I will not kill you," he whispered in Karacus's ear as the light bulb finally gave out with a sizzle and a pop. "I have something else? for you." Karacus went paler than pale as Tristan straightened to his full height. "As for your friends?" He stepped away from the necromancer and released him. Karacus hit the floor, gasping and wheezing as his head struck the unyielding surface that was the bricks. "I need a volunteer," Tristan growled as he walked over and stopped before Kindri and Jesric.
"Oh," Jailyn said for the first time. "You're not going to pick me? I should be offended." Tristan growled and shot her a very annoyed look. "Yes yes," Jailyn muttered. "I know," she finished and nodded to Jesric. "I vote for him."
"Grrrrrr." Chuckling, Jailyn put her head in her hands and closed her eyes. After a moment of heavy silence, Kindri nodded, and Jesric stepped forward.
"I'll do it," the necromancer said and glanced at me as I let out a gasp. Fuming, Tristan nodded as the earth continued to tremble. Evelyn rose from her chair and pulled Jailyn up, walking to stand against one of the walls. Elijah got up more slowly, scowling as the chairs and table vanished into thin air.
"Watch him," Tristan snarled to Kindri as she and Elijah walked over to join Evelyn and Jailyn.
"I will," Kindri said and glared at a groaning Karacus. Tristan took several deep breaths in and out through his nose, his eyes shut tight and body taut as a cable. A moment later, the trembling came to a stop and his eyes snapped open. He nodded to Sarisa and Sergei, still growling. Sarisa walked to Zaida who stood frozen on the spot, her eyes widened as smoke continued to escape her parted mouth. Putting a hand on the fledgling's shoulder, she led Zaida over to Sven, Freya, and Cole, Sergei at her side. Freya nodded, stepping aside and opening one of the heavy steel doors. It slammed shut behind them, Zaida looking over her shoulder as they left the chamber.
"Release them," Tristan hissed as the echo of a door being slammed fade.
"Done," Kindri said, and I shuddered as the ice-cold touch of death magic reached us. She hesitated. "Should I unblock them from jumping into the abyss?"
"No," he growled, stalking over to Karacus and jerking him to his feet. "Everything else is allowed." Kindri nodded as Karacus disappeared into thin air with a scream. Tristan turned and shoved his hands into his pockets, eyes narrowed on Jailyn. Feeling his heavy gaze on her, the necromancer slowly opened her eyes and scowled at him. "Shall I?" he hissed. "Or shall you?"
"Fucker," Jailyn muttered as she straightened from leaning against Evelyn. Turning to face Jesric and the four prisoners, she glared at them. "There is only one rule to this game, and it should be easy enough for even those of you who are brain addled to follow." She bared her fangs at the prisoners. "If you fail to follow the rule, your life will be instantly? terminated," she growled, low in her throat. Ice crystals began to form along the walls, floor, and ceiling as the temperature continued to drop. Her eyes focused on the prisoners, she gave them a creepy, creepy smile of anticipation. "Kindri," she said sweetly. "Unblock them from the abyss, won't you?"
"It is done," Kindri said a second later, and my heart was all but pounding in my ears-the rushing of blood a thunderous roar.
"Good," Jailyn said slowly. "The rule," she continued. "No jumping into the abyss to withdraw from the game. If you do, you will make my Ahzeeki a very happy, happy demon. You understand this simple rule, don't you?" The four terrified necromancers slowly got to their feet, nodding jerkily as souls began to swirl around them. Jesric stepped back from them, and he looked like he was dying of pleasure as his own souls shot from his mouth to spin around him in a dizzying speed. Red flickered in his unblinking black eyes, and it wasn't the red of a well-fed vampire. "Then let the trial by souls begin," Jailyn said quietly. With that, the entire chamber turned into solid ice as a thunderclap sounded far, far off in the distance.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-seven

SATHIA

Watching through the veil and praying one of them would go ahead and break the one simple rule of this deadly game, I contented myself by coming up with ways to kill them, slowly and painfully. "This is fascinating," Amaya said from beside me.
I snorted. "You haven't seen shit."
She sighed. "Can I just please have my little moments?" she asked, exasperated.
"No," I said flatly. "You cannot."
"Typical," she growled and stomped away with an annoyed look about her. "Why do you even bother with them?" she asked. "They're all so? so?"
"Lost for words?" I drawled. Amaya scowled, stopping at one of the black pillars and kicked it. "What did the poor pillar ever do to you?" She glared at me and began to punch and kick the ever-living shit out of it. Shrugging, I looked back through the veil and smiled, wishing that I was actually in the room with them. One of the necromancers writhed on the floor, as tendrils after tendrils of shadow lashed out at him. Shadows crawled up the walls, floor and ceiling, and I couldn't tell who was manipulating them. The nearest watching vampires cringed and stepped closer to their friends, away from the mass of darkness. I blinked at the sudden flare of blue light that flickered for the briefest of seconds and shot around the room before it faded, leaving a faint trace as that, too, disappeared to nothing. If I were there, I would've felt the lingering magic that created an invisible barrier between the onlookers and the combatants. The spell would remain active until the caster took it down, or someone broke it. The necromancer on the floor rose painfully to his feet, fighting shadow with shadow as he slowly made his way toward Jesric.
"They are stupid," Amaya said, once again standing beside me as she, too, peered through the veil. "Do they not know who they're up against?"
I snorted, wincing as one of the souls attached itself to one of the advancing necromancers, slowly draining the life from him. "They don't care who they're up against," I said. "As long as they get a chance to show off their idiocies, even if it is against a four-thousand-year-old necromancer trained by one of the oldest and most powerful."
"She can wipe the floor with them in ten seconds flat," Amaya said, nodding to Jailyn. "Drunk or not."
I grunted. "It has been millennia since she picked up a drink. Though, it wasn't bad like last time."
"Last time?"
"She was drunk to the point where she couldn't focus on anything. Hell, she couldn't even hold her souls together."
Amaya smirked. "Oh, my."
"Humph," I said and winced inwardly as Jesric ripped open a purple-haired necromancer's stomach. He screamed as a soul fell on him. As it unattached itself from him, his own souls tore into Jesric's lone soul as it pulled out the necromancer's intestines. Jesric snarled, launching himself into the air and falling upon the souls. His eyes practically rolled to the back of his head as he began to eat them.
"He can give himself an orgasm just by eating souls," Amaya muttered. "So unfair." I snorted as she all but pressed herself against the veil.
"Are you trying to pass through?" I asked conversationally.
"No," she said dryly. "I just like the feel of the air pressure pressing into me."
"You might want to be careful. The pressure might explode you from the inside out."
Amaya frowned. "Are you being serious?"
"Actually, I have no idea." I shrugged. "Never had a reason to try and passed through it to get to the other side." The succubus nodded, and she whistled as Jesric reached into the necromancer's chest, ripping out his heart while being bombarded by souls from the other three. He shuddered, grimacing in pain as he quickly devoured the bloody, still beating organ in his hand. Growling, he fought the souls back with shadows as a single tendril fell on the dead necromancer. It seemed to pulse and thicken as it touched the blood and began to absorb it. The more it absorbed, the bigger the tendril became, until it was the size of a humanoid. It broke away from the mass of darkness as the last drop of blood from the necromancer disappeared. Formed from blood and shadow, the human-shaped construct turned to Jesric and floated to his side.
"Hmm," Amaya said thoughtfully. "Wonder if the other three necromancers can create a shadow wraith." No sooner had she said that, the shadow-like creature reached out and touched the nearest necromancer to Jesric, killing him instantly. The remaining two survivors paused and stared at their dead comrade in disbelief. Jesric reached out, putting a pale hand on the creature as it was about to touch another necromancer. The shadow thing halted, an inch from making contact with skin.
"Well, well, well," Jesric said slowly. "Do not tell me that you are surprised by the display," he drawled as he gathered his souls close to him. "You open a gate to hell, but yet, you two looked like you've never seen my friend here before. Now what does that tell me about you two?"
"I've seen enough," Jailyn said after a long moment of silence. Well, apart from the drip, drip, drip of blood hitting the floor, it was silent.
"Oh, come on," Amaya complained. "It was just getting interesting, too."
"And here I was," I said and grumbled under my breath. "Hoping that one of them would?" I paused as the abyss rippled slightly around us. "Never mind," I said with an evil smile. "We'll be having company in a second. Get the popcorn ready. You can watch the show."
Amaya let out a heavy sigh and straightened to her full height of six foot one. "Why am I always left out of the fun?"
"Because," I said, exasperated as my hand casually reached out to the necromancer that suddenly appeared in front of me. "You kill people with pleasure."
The succubus scowled. "Not always," she growled in annoyance.
"Tisk tisk," Jailyn said in disapproval. "No one ever followed the god damn fucking rules, no matter how fucking simple they are."
"You just made my day," I said conversationally to the redheaded necromancer. Covered in blood and looking like he had been shredded a few times too many, he bared his fangs and hissed at me. "You're not too smart either," I said and dropped my hand back to my side. "Have you been to hell before?" I asked. "Wait, don't answer that."
"You're supposed to kill him instantly," Amaya whispered, loud enough for the idiot in front of us to hear. "Not strike up a conversation with this stupid, fucking shit for nothing piece of ass."
I scowled at her. "Did she say I have to kill him right away?"
"Hmm, you have a point."
I glared at the necromancer. "Are you done bleeding yet? I want to take you on a field trip before I kill you." I tapped my foot impatiently. "I don't have all day either so get a move on with that awesome healing ability all you vampires seem to have."
Amaya snorted. "He's too busy trying to remain upright," she said as I closed the veil, but not before I saw the last necromancer writhing in pleasure as Jailyn force-fed souls after souls to him. The necromancer half groaned, half screamed in both pain and pleasure, until he came with an explosion of blood and brain matter. I whistled as the veil dissipated with nothing more than a ripple of the air. "Oh," Amaya breathed and shuddered. "That was just plain, outright mean."
I chuckled. "A good way to go in my personal opinion," I said, shrugging as I returned my attention to the cringing necromancer who took an unsteady step away from me. "Allow me to help you out in the healing department, my friend." Before he could so much as take in his next breath, I pulled out a blade coated in demon blood and quickly closed in on him. Plunging the dagger into his stomach, I laughed as he fell back on his ass and let out a bloodcurdling scream that echoed throughout the vast space of the abyss.
"Sathia," Amaya spluttered. "Look what you have done." She gestured all around us with a glare. Advancing rapidly upon us from the darkness were spirits of the dead, and these weren't your friendly neighborhood spirits. Oh, no, they were the ones that went insane with madness over the centuries of being stuck in limbo with no direction in sight.
"If you have not figured it out yet, that was my point of stabbing him, genius," I said and bent to retrieve my weapon. Straightening, Amaya and I moved away from the still screaming necromancer as the spirits drew closer and closer to their intended target. In the mix of the insane, there were also the recently dead; those who lost their lives during the battle that took place in hell not too long ago. One of the spirits-one of the hunters-nodded to me and pointed to the writhing necromancer.
"One of the responsible for opening the gate?" he asked. Amaya and I nodded as he floated over to us, stopping before he could go through me. "What is the gate if I may ask?"
"It's not what," I said in amusement as the spirits fell on the necromancer. "It's who."
"Sorry?"
"It's who," I repeated and open another veil to the right of Amaya. "Look to your left and see for yourself." The dead hunter turned, blinking at the view that was in front of him. On the other side of the veil was a bedroom painted in the color of pink. It showed a fledgling-Zaida-sitting on the edge of a bed with Natalia who sat leaning against the headboard, her legs out in front of her in a relaxed pose. I nodded to Zaida who no longer looked starve out of her mind. "She's the gate, the one sitting on the edge of the bed."
"Well, shit," the hunter breathed. "That has to suck," he finished and blinked at the black smoke that puffed from the fledgling's mouth.
"Oh, it does," I said, ignoring the screams of the necromancer and the angry cries of the spirits. "Blowing smoke every thirty seconds is probably annoying as fuck, and judging by the fact that she is wincing and grimacing, it probably hurt, too."
"How does that work? I mean, she's a walking, talking, breathing being."
"She's the lucky conduit."
He turned to me and scowled. "What do you mean by that?"
"Oh, you know," I said with a shrug. "Demons past through her in spirit form. Once they are through, they take on their physical form."
"Wow," the hunter said with a heavy sigh. "Just? wow."
I narrowed my eyes on him. "You don't need to breathe, you're dead."
He snorted. "Dead or not, it's habit."
I grunted. "Point taken."
"Thanks for showing me," he said as the veil vanished into nothingness.
I again grunted. "Not a problem." I nodded to the angry spirits. "Are you going to join your friends?" I smirked as he growled.
"Now that you mention it, I should take my share in the torturing," the hunter said and turned, walking away from us with a muttered curse.
"Damn," Amaya hissed, wincing. "They must really hate him."
"No shit," I said dryly as the spirits tore into the necromancer with voracious fervor. Blood and chunks of flesh flew into the air, followed by torn limbs and organs. The sound of bones being snapped and crushed was loud in my ears. The more these spirits were at it, the more frenzied they became. They were like a pack of wild animals tearing into their prey without a care in the world. It was like a fuck-you to whoever was listening or watching from above or down below. To be honest, I almost felt bad for the necromancer? almost. I was enjoying the show a little too much to even give a shit. The necromancer suddenly went silent as one of the spirits ripped out his voice box. That was one of the sad parts of being a vampire, you couldn't die unless the heart was removed, the head decapitated from the shoulders, the brain was destroyed beyond repair, or all of the above. The abyss continued to subtly ripple around me as he tried to escape over and over again with no luck whatsoever. To add to the torture, his skin and what remained of him was also slowly melting under the acid of demon blood. Given that he was repeatedly being clawed, stabbed, crushed, slashed, sliced, diced, drained and ripped apart with no room for regenerating, he was shit out of luck in the chance-of-survival department. After all, he was surrounded by no less than a hundred or more angry spirits that hungered for life the way vampire hungered for blood. Sheathing the blade I was still holding, I looked around and walked to a downed pillar that must've snapped in the midst of all the fun. I sat down on it, wincing as the poor necromancer lost an eye. I snarled as a whistle suddenly sounded a second later. The long, high-pitched, earsplitting, piercing sound was like scraping a sharp, serrated blade against the inside of my skull. It also had an effect of stopping every single spirit that was here mid motion. If I didn't know better, it was like time had stopped altogether. The only movement was the necromancer, what was left of him twitching involuntarily as he slowly, slowly died. His spirit was yanked from his corporeal body, and he screamed as he disappeared in a flash of fire. "Damn it," I said grumpily as Jailyn-no longer drunk-made her way toward me. The spirits either clung to her or quickly got out of her way as she came to a stop before me. "It was Amaya's idea," I said and hissed as the succubus stabbed me in the side with a claw. Jailyn patted one of the spirits on the head before pulling him away from her and setting him on his feet. She did the same to the other three before letting out a long, heavy sigh.
"I don't care whose idea it was," she said softly. "Nor do I want to know." I grunted as I got to my feet. "And I know none of you will apologize for what went down here so the point is moot."
I grunted. "How did you sober up so quickly? Freya's doing?"
"Yes, sadly. She has demanded that I return to reality, according to her, STAT. Her word, not mine."
"What is so urgent? Did she say?"
Jailyn sighed. "No, but she didn't have to say a word. Why is it always me?"
I shrugged. "Because you're the best?"
"Doubtful."
I scowled. "I'm a demon, and if I say you're the best, you're the best. You should trust my words."
Her eyes narrowed dangerously on me. "This coming from a ten thousand-year-old or older demon?"
I blinked innocently at her. "Of course," I said, almost cheerful sounding to my own ears. "I was your first real friend? on the demonic end of the spectrum anyways."
"Hmm," she said thoughtfully.
I growled. "Are you saying different?" I asked in mock outrage.
"Perhaps."
I pointed a clawed finger at her. "Don't ever talk to me again."
She chuckled and nodded to Amaya who was trying her damnedest not to laugh at our banter. "Would you like to accompany us?" she asked the succubus. Amaya blinked and just stared. "If you must know," Jailyn said dryly. "I don't swing that way."
"Jailyn!" I spluttered.
"What?" she asked and arched an eyebrow. "I don't." Growling, I stalked to another pillar that was still standing and slammed into it. "Causing yourself bodily harm now I see."
"Fuck you," I said and stabbed my claws into the wood.
"I would like that," said Amaya. "But I have never been summoned to earth as of yet."
"Ah," Jailyn said as I paused in my destruction of the pillar and turned to them. Jailyn's eyes briefly went distant before snapping back to focus. "My son will summon you now."
Amaya's eyes widened and I could have sworn that she drooled a little. "Can I screw him senseless?" I laughed, shaking my head.
"Are you actually asking for my permission?" Jailyn asked and shuddered. Amaya shrugged. "If he'll allow it."
"Sweet," the succubus said excitedly. "I'm 99.9 percent sure that he will."
Jailyn shook her head, muttering something I couldn't quite make out. "Hurt him in any way, shape, or form, I will not hesitate to kill you," she warned as shadows wrapped around her. "Sathia, I will see you on the other side." I nodded as she vanished with a blast of ice-cold wind that blew my hair and Amaya's in every direction.
"She is serious, isn't she?" Amaya said and shuddered.
"Oh, trust me, she is very serious. When she says she's going to kill you, she is going to kill you."
"Great," she said and grunted in clear agitation. "I have to be on my best behavior."
"Is he summoning you?"
She nodded. "He is."
"You'll be able to travel between realms once summoned. Just don't give Jailyn any reason to banish you."
"Thanks," she muttered. "I'll keep that in mind."
I nodded and waved. "See you in a few," I said and jumped into the void.
Since I was following Jailyn's trail, I ended up finding myself appearing in the middle of Freya's library. Rozalia, holding a heavy bound book in her hands, flapped her wings and levitated into the air, until she was eye-to-eye with a spluttering Alyssa. "This is the one you're looking for," the imp squealed in utter annoyance. "Take it," she hissed and thrust the book toward the fledgling vampire. "It won't kill you."
"Oh," Freya said dryly from her position leaning against the closed door. "I am not so sure about that," she said as I toppled over a bookshelf onto Alyssa's head. Rozalia flew out of the way as the fledgling let out a shriek. Books after books fell on her, and she slowly hit the floor as the entire thing came down with a crash. "Hmm, the god of knowledge must hate you so." Freya let out a sigh and glared at me before turning that glare on Alyssa. "Extract yourself from there and put everything back where they belong."
"But!" Alyssa exclaimed.
"Do it," Jailyn said quietly.
"Fuck," the fledgling groaned, grunting as she picked herself up from the floor.
"I stopped by to check on your progress, but what do I find instead?"
"I was going to read," Alyssa said in exasperation. "I swear."
"Were you?" Jailyn asked, eyes narrowing dangerously. "After spending eight hours arguing back and forth with Rozalia perhaps?"
"We've only been at it for two minutes!"
"Two minutes too long, girl." She held up a hand when Alyssa opened her mouth to say something. "Once you are done, you will continue to read." Alyssa glared at her and bent to lift the bookshelf. "Do not give me that look, child," Jailyn warned. "Rozalia, you will make sure that she does not go against my orders, won't you?"
"Yes yes," the imp hissed. "Of course."
"On that lovely note, Sathia, Freya and I must leave."
"Where are we going?" I asked and walked over to them.
"Tristan is expecting us," she said and put a hand on my shoulder. "If we do not want to miss the showdown between him and Karacus, we must leave now."
"Zaida?"
"She will be there. Sarisa is bringing her." Freya and I nodded, as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-eight

SARISA

"Have a seat." Zaida glanced around Tristan's office nervously as she reluctantly sat down in one of the comfortable-looking chairs by the window. Repeatedly rubbing a finger over the dark blue velvet material, her eyes darted around the room, as if she couldn't help herself. At the moment, we were the only two here, but that wouldn't be for long. Zaida's frantic heart pounded loud in my ears as I leaned against the wall beside the partially opened door. "Would you like something to drink?" I asked. "Or snack on?"
"Can I have water?" she asked and coughed as smoke came out of her nose. Eyes tearing up, she sneezed.
"Sure," I said as the door was pushed open wider and Sathia and Freya walked in.
"Jailyn is getting it," Sathia said and peered intently at Zaida. "How long have you been puffing out smoke?" the demon asked curiously.
The fledgling shrugged. "Feels like eternity," she mumbled as Jailyn walked in a couple of seconds later, a water bottle in her hand. She leaned against the window beside Zaida's chair and held the water out to her. "Thanks," she said as she took it. Twisting off the cap, she took a long drink.
"Are you all right?" Freya asked me. Parking herself on the desk, she arched an eyebrow in question when I didn't answer.
"Am I that obvious?" I replied and shrugged as my stomach gave a painful squeeze, reminding me that I hadn't properly fed in the last forty-eight hours and counting.
"Yes," Freya said succinctly. "You have not fed for quite a while now."
I scowled. "I can go without feeding longer than you can," I pointed out matter-of-factly.
"Be that as it may," she said and glared at me. "It is not wise to go a day without sustenance, even for you."
"I already know this," I muttered under my breath. "By learning it the hard way I might add."
"Going on three days is pushing it."
I straightened and glared at her. "Have you been spying on me?" I spluttered and shoved my hands into my pockets.
"Feeding from Sergei does not count."
"Hey!" I exclaimed. "There's a child in the room with us! OR have you forgotten?" Jailyn laughed while Sathia gave me a nod of approval and smirked.
"I'm not a child," Zaida said, almost angrily.
"That you are not," Freya said, smiling as I continued my silent rant. "But right at this moment, you are." Zaida growled, and then froze as Tristan appeared right outside the door. "Ah, here he is." Looking like he wanted to rip out someone's throat, Tristan stepped into his own office and closed the door behind him with a snap. I could hear the growl that was just below human hearing coming from him as he moved to his desk. Pulling out the chair, he slowly sat and leaned back, his eyes going distant as he stared up at the ceiling. No one made a move or a sound as we waited. Zaida, for once, wasn't wincing or grimacing as smoke continued to puff from her mouth or nose.
"Zaida Alari," Tristan said slowly, not taking his eyes away from a spot on the ceiling that he was so focused on. Jailyn nudged the fledgling when she remained silent. After a long tense minute, and when she still hadn't responded to Tristan, Jailyn leaned down and whispered something in Zaida's ear, low enough that none of us heard whatever it was Jailyn told her.
"Yes?" Zaida finally replied, be it nervously. A pained look crossed Jailyn's face as she straightened.
"How old are you?" I winced when she kept her silence, and I prayed she'd get with the program, sooner rather than later, because Tristan was not in a good mood. When he wasn't in a good mood, people ended up dead before they could utter a single word of protest in their defense. Sathia nudged her and gave her a warning look.
"I'm a hundred and three years old," Zaida said with a frown.
"You were turned? how long ago?" When Zaida didn't answer fast enough this time, Tristan tore his gaze from the ceiling and sat up straighter in his chair. Turning to look at the fledgling, who cringed away from him when his gaze landed on her, he got to his feet and walked the short distance to where she sat stiffly in her chair. She gulped as he tilted back her head with a finger under her chin. "When I ask a question, child," he said softly. "I expect an answer in return." Zaida nodded. "Now if you please, answer my question."
"Eighty-five years ago," she whispered. He scowled, dropping his hand from her and taking a step back. Walking back to his desk, he glared at the computer as he got rid of the screensaver, and I moved until I could see what he was doing. Logging into the Council's database, he did a search on Karacus. I blinked when I saw the name in the sired by box. In the child sired field, however, it was blank. Tristan stared at this for a long time, and the longer he stared at it, the air in the office became harder and harder to breathe. I could practically hear his teeth grinding together as he finally logged out of the system and put the computer to sleep. Moving back to the wall beside the door, I leaned against it. A minute later, Sven appeared beside me with an unconscious Karacus in his arms.
"Sire?" Sven said in greeting and shoved the necromancer away from him. Karacus hit the wall hard enough that it vibrated slightly on impact.
"Sven?" Tristan growled and strode over to the necromancer. Hauling him to his feet, he pressed him into the wall with a hand on the necromancer's chest.
"Do you wish for me to remain?" Sven asked.
Tristan paused in his mental probing of the necromancer's mind and frowned in thought. "You may leave if you like."
Sven grunted. "If you need me just growl." He chuckled as Tristan well? growled in response. Nodding to us, he teleported away with a smirk.
"Children," Tristan snarled and bashed Karacus's head against the wall once, twice, three times. "Wake up," he snapped, and my ears were suddenly hurting as Karacus woke up with a scream. "That is more like it," he growled and released Karacus. The necromancer caught himself before he could hit the floor. "Sit," Tristan said softly. "Let's have a little chat, you and I."
"There is nothing to talk about," Karacus hissed in pain as he carefully settled himself on the edge of the desk.
"Oh?" Tristan asked. "Isn't there?"
"No," the necromancer growled and resisted the urged to clutch his head in his hands, even as blood trickled from his nose.
Tristan sighed, moving to the door and leaning against it. "Karacus," he said, as if admonishing a child who didn't know better. "You're around three hundred and fifty years old. You have lived three lifetimes over, and you are telling me that there is nothing to talk about?"
Karacus shrugged and winced. "What is there to talk about?"
"You," Tristan growled and squeezed his eyes shut, probably fighting with himself not to hit Karacus across the office and through the window. "You are all the same. Why do I even bother?"
"Stop it!" Jailyn suddenly snapped. Tristan's eyes snapped open in interest as she flashed to Karacus. Jailyn's eyes met his, and he sucked in a sharp breath, wheezing in pain as Tristan grunted. "Stop it," she repeated, and I straightened, fighting against the pull of her voice. Karacus's eyes glazed over, and then he let out a scream, jerking backward onto the desk. "Let go of your magic, Karacus," Jailyn warned. Out the corner of my eye, I saw Tristan wincing as Karacus scream grew louder and more strained. "Let go," she growled. "Or you will not like the outcome." Tristan straightened and looked to Sathia, who nodded. I was suddenly knocked sideway as Tristan uncloaked his aura and let it swirl around the office. Groaning, I stumbled to the wall where the window was as my hunger punched relentlessly at me. Freya growled, and her eyes went white. Sathia suddenly had her in a chokehold, and I winced as the demon snapped her neck. Tristan let out a hiss as the pain of the snap registered through the sire bond. Sathia dropped Freya as Zaida let out a choked scream. She was on the floor, her hands clenched tightly around one of the chair legs.
"Do I need to snap your neck as well?" Sathia asked me hopefully.
"Fuck you, demon," I said, groaning as my vision turned red. Swallowing the buildup saliva surging in my mouth, I put a hand on the wall to steady myself.
"Are you sure?" the demon asked, and she actually pouted. I just stared at her. "What?" she asked, throwing up her hands. "I'm a damn demon. I thrive on chaos and destruction. You got a problem with that?" Freya suddenly stirred, and Sathia halted in her reach for the vampire when Tristan shook his head. Grumbling, the demon straightened as her hand shot out, grabbing hold of Zaida's arm as she attempted to run. "No, no," she chided as the fledgling went stiff. "Where do you think you're going?" Sathia asked dryly. "Running away is very, very bad, kiddo. Trust me," she whispered. "Never run when there are five very hungry vampires in the room. You'll never make it out to begin with." She shot Karacus an evil look. "If your brainless sire taught you anything, he didn't do a very good job at it." Zaida stared blankly up at the demon, panting as smoke continued to puff from her. "Now be a good little vampire and sit back down. It is in your best interest not to attract attention your way."
"You're a little late on that," I growled as Zaida reluctantly sat back down. I glanced down at Freya who was still on the floor, and her eyes hadn't reverted back to black. She curled into herself, moaning in agony as she trembled. Fangs bared, she panted and snarled as Tristan held her in a mental hold. She screamed, twisting around and moving into a crouch. Heaving for breaths, she growled, digging her fingers into the floor. I looked to Tristan, realizing that Sven, Liana, Cole, and Jesric were there, holding him down as he growled and snarled at them. "Fuck me," I snarled, silently cursing up a blue moon. Jailyn and Karacus were still locked in a staring contest, and I wondered what the hell they were doing. I made my way to them, giving Tristan and Freya no chance to grab me as I kept my distance. Stopping beside Jailyn, I gave her a questioning look. Suddenly Karacus let out a bloodcurdling scream, his body arching off the desk as rage and pain clouded his unblinking eyes.
"Don't you fucking dare!" the necromancer screamed. "You can't!"
"Can't I?" Jailyn asked sweetly. Over by the window, Zaida let out a moan of pain as she hunched into herself. "You know better than to touch on something just beyond your knowledge." She cupped Karacus's chin with a hand as he tried to break eye contact with her. "Who is your mentor, Karacus?"
"If you think I'm going to tell you, you're out of your mind." Behind me Freya continued to fight Tristan's mental hold while he himself fought with the hunters.
"Let go of me," Freya snarled as she tried to get to her feet, only to hit the floor with a pain grunt and a hiss. "Tristan!" she screamed, and I jumped aside as her hand flashed toward me.
"Oh, no," I growled. "I'm off the fucking menu." She snarled, and then shrieked as she was lifted into the air and propelled toward her sire. Tristan's wrapped her in an unbreakable embrace as Jesric hit them with shadows while Cole stabbed them both in the throat. The shadows writhed, absorbing their blood and binding them tightly. The scent of death magic coming from Jailyn, Jesric, and Karacus was heavy and thick in the air, making it almost impossible to breathe. The ice-cold cloying feeling wasn't helping the situation either.
"Who is your mentor, Karacus?" Jailyn repeated as Karacus's souls suddenly came to life? so to speak. Jailyn closed her eyes and sighed. "You are testing my limits, boy," she warned. "I do not recommend you crossing them."
"What's the point?" the necromancer asked. "You're going to kill me."
"Oh," she said and opened her eyes. "It is clear that you did not understand a word Tristan said to you in the chamber." Not taking her eyes from him, her free hand shot out and grabbed a soul and yanked it toward her. Karacus screamed, and she smiled. "Hold back your souls," she said quietly. "Or I am taking them from you." She frowned. "Actually, scratch that second part, I am going to take them from you, but not just yet." Karacus jumped up and off the desk, and I barely got out of the way in time. Sathia plucked Zaida up out of her chair and stepped aside as Karacus launched himself at the window. Before he could reach it, a mass of darkness shot from Jailyn's hands, and the necromancer screamed as it slammed into him from behind and sent him headfirst to the floor. Freya and Tristan were no longer screaming, hissing, growling, or snarling as Jailyn walked over and knelt beside Karacus. "I am so disappointed in you," she said softly as the necromancer groaned in pain. "So very, very disappointed." She looked around the office until her gaze found Sathia. "Bring the girl." The Ahzeeki demon walked over and set Zaida on her feet next to Jailyn and gently pushed down on the fledgling's shoulders, until she was sitting. Jailyn nodded as Sathia went back to the window.
"What are you going to do to her?" Karacus suddenly asked.
Jailyn arched an eyebrow in amusement. "You care about what will happen to your child?" she asked, her eyes narrowing. "How?" She paused and scowled. "Sweet of you. You care about her and yet, you treat her as if she was a tool, a dog that you can order around. You do not care for her well-being at all, child. You used her as a magical doorway." As Jailyn spoke, the temperature in the office dropped degree by degree, until I could see ice crystals along the walls. "That," she said, so low that I could barely hear her. "Is unacceptable." A shiver ran down my spine, and I held myself very still as I continued to watch. "I ask again, Karacus, and I will not do so once more. Who. Is. Your. Mentor?" As she asked the question, Karacus screamed as blood scented the air. "Tell me," Jailyn warned as a red beam hovered over Karacus. What the fuck is that? And where the fuck did it come from? I thought as the red beam drew closer and closer to the necromancer.
"Justine!" Karacus shouted. "Her name is Justine!" She smiled, and I blinked as Sathia walked over and ate the red? whatever it was.
"Very good," Jailyn said and gently took Zaida's right hand into her own as Jesric cursed my ears off. "Where can I find Justine?"
"I don't know," Karacus gasped. "I swear it." She nodded as she brought Zaida's wrist to her mouth. The fledgling gasped as Jailyn bit into it, but she did not drink. Instead, she thrust Zaida's bleeding wrist into the writhing shadows. Both Zaida and Karacus screamed as Jailyn began to chant. She might as well be singing as a fog settled over me. Stumbling backward as if in a daze, I somehow found a chair and dropped heavily into it. Zaida tried to pull free, but Jailyn held her fast. Jesric suddenly disappeared into thin air, and a second later, Zaida's screams grew shrilling as Karacus slipped into unconsciousness. Blood burst from her eyes, ears, nose and mouth as she begged, writhed and struggled to be free from Jailyn. Jailyn stopped her chanting, and Zaida gave one final agonizing shrilled scream before collapsing into unconsciousness herself. Jailyn released the fledgling's arm and got to her feet, practically fuming. The shadows covering Karacus vanished. It looked like she was going to rip him apart, and not with magic either. She glanced at Tristan and glared at him before returning her attention to Karacus. Her energy surged around the office, and Karacus came awake with a bloodcurdling scream.
"Enough," Jailyn snarled and yanked him to his feet. Slamming him up against the wall, she all but growled. "I said that is enough," she snapped, and he fell silent as his eyes went unfocused. A second later, they snapped back to reality, but this time, he remained silent. "We're not going to kill you," she said more calmly. "Release your souls to me."
"No," Karacus hissed as pain suffused his eyes.
"Yes," she whispered. "Release them to me willingly, or I will take them forcibly from you." Sathia, who still stood at the window, watched the entire thing with suppressed glee. "I tell you now, Karacus. You don't want me to take them from you." When he remained silent and shook his head defiantly, Jailyn's eyes glowed green, and Karacus began to scream. Gasping and almost falling out of my chair, I clutched at the sides and watched as Jailyn bared her fangs and struck the side of Karacus's neck.
"Yes!" Sathia shouted. "Fucking yes!"
"I think I'm dreaming," I said breathlessly as Sathia all but danced around the office. "I think I'm dreaming," I said again as Jailyn pulled back from a now unconscious Karacus, her no longer green but white eyes dilated. Sathia came to a stop beside her and wrapped her arms around Jailyn. A second later, they both vanished in a flash of fire and the stink of sulfur. I looked around, finding that none of the others but Liana were as shocked as I was. The shadows no longer held Tristan and Freya to the floor. Their eyes still white, they rose to their feet as one. Freya slowly approached Liana as Tristan made his way over to where I was sitting. His ice-cold hand cupped my chin, and I couldn't fight him as he tilted my head back to meet his eyes. He leaned down and pressed me into the chair, his mouth going to my ear.
"I am sorry, Sarisa," he whispered. "But it must be done." Before I could ask what the fuck he was talking about, white hot pain stabbed into me as he drove his fangs into my neck. Darkness swept over me, Tristan's voice loud in my head. He held me effortlessly as he pulled hard on my neck. The words spoken inside my head seemed to blur together as I fought to remain conscious against his compulsion. It was useless as the familiar cold numbness of being drain crept over me. The compulsion to forget continued to beat into me as I was forced to let go of consciousness, the sound of sucking and the feel of my blood being pulled the last thing I heard and felt as I slipped into the blissfulness that was the void.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-nine

JAILYN

"Okay," I said to my Ahzeeki an eternity later. "That was not the way I had expected it to go down. Fuck me."
"Well," Sathia said, still grinning like an idiot as she walked beside me in the cold purple lighting of the abyss. "It did." She held up her hand as I opened my mouth to speak. "Don't worry," she said reassuringly. "Tristan and Freya have everything under control." I frowned. "When was the last time you really let loose? Six? Seven? Eight thousand years ago?" I just stared at her. "I'm being serious."
"Two thousand years ago."
She blinked. "That's a fucking lie and you know it."
I growled. "Are you accusing me of being a liar?"
"No," the demon said slowly. "You a-ow!" she exclaimed as I flicked a red stream of hellfire at her. "I was just going to say-ow! Stop that!"
"I will if you stop trying to spout all my secrets. There are eyes and ears everywhere you know."
"I," Sathia said, as if talking to a two-year-old child. "Was just going to say that you have a drop-god damn it, Jailyn! That hurts! How would you like it if I dump you in a vat of acid and leave you there?" She stopped walking and turned to me, eyebrow raised in question. I, too, came to a stop and turned to her. "Well?"
"I would like it very much," I said sarcastically and dodged, as she spat a stream of green acid at me. It hung in the air for a second before slowly splashing to the ground and dissolving. She snorted, and then groaned as Ketra-one of Jesric's imps scuttled up to me. She wrapped herself around my leg and all but climbed me like a fucking cat. Reaching my shoulder, she curled herself around my neck as she hissed in my ear. "Ketra," I said gently and stroked a finger over one of her wings. "What can I do for you?" I asked as she shivered.
"Tristan wants you back on earth, mistress," Ketra hissed, her tail flicking back and forth.
"Have I been gone long?"
"Two hours. It is almost dawn." Well, damn, I thought and inwardly grimaced. "Freya is worried about you, mistress." I winced. "What should I tell them?"
"Inform them both that I will see them shortly," I said and un-entangled her from me and setting her on her feet. "Go now." Ketra nodded rapidly, blowing Sathia a raspberry before disappearing in a flash of fire.
"I am going to kill that little annoying, pain in my ass fucking imp," Sathia growled. "I swear it."
"What is it with you and imps?" Casiar stepped from the surrounding shadows and flashed over to us.
"Are you fucking blind?" the Ahzeeki demon spluttered in outrage as Casiar slipped an arm around me and pulled me to his side.
"Last I checked," he drawled. "My vision is better than 20/20."
"Grrrrrr!" Sathia said, and we sprang apart as she sprayed acid everywhere. She glared at us and peered into the shadows.
"Don't even think about it," Casiar warned.
"What?" she asked innocently. Cazaron appeared out of nowhere, and my ears rang as sword met sword with a loud clang.
"Damn it," Cazaron muttered and stepped back, his demon sentient sword pulling back from Casiar's katana that appeared from thin air and into his hand. "I will get you one day."
Casiar grunted. "That day is not today it looks like," he said as the sword vanished.
Grumbling, Cazaron sheathed his sword at his back and looked around. "So," he said with a heavy sigh. "Are we done here?"
"Is that a complaint I'm hearing from you?" I asked, narrowing my eyes on him.
He held up his hands, shaking his head. "No," he said quickly. "No complaints here."
"Good," I said sweetly and smirked. "But yes, we are done here? for now."
"About time," he muttered.
"What was that?"
"Nothing." I snorted as he disappeared a split second later.
"Nothing my ass," I mumbled as Casiar pulled me into his arms and jumped back to earth.
"Hmm," Freya said thoughtfully as we appeared in her magical holding cell that she used to chain herself up. The chain scraped against the floor as she moved into a sitting position.
"Where is Tristan?" Casiar asked as I leaned back against him.
"He is with Ari of course."
"Of course," he said as I winced.
"He will be here shortly."
"You're chained up because??"
"I did not feed from Liana when I compelled her to forget."
"Oh?" I asked and scowled.
"I had enough sense not to attack her with Sven standing there."
"You're in control of yourself now," I pointed out.
"I am a good actress when I want to be," she said dryly. "Or have you not noticed." Casiar's arms tightened around me as the air in the room came to life. Luckily we were standing close to the door and far out of her reach.
"Well, you should teach Tristan."
"Oh," she said with a weary sigh. "There is no need. He is fine. I just keep a tighter leash on my own beast."
I glare at her. "To the point of tremendous pain to yourself," I said and scowled. "Not to mention giving yourself an aneurism."
She shrugged. "What can I say? Consider me a martyr." Pushing away from Casiar, I walked over and crouched beside her. With me this close, Freya's entire body went taut, and I could all but feel the beast getting ready to pounce.
"You fed just enough to get a handle on her," I said, and she growled low in her throat as I place a hand on her arm. "Were you alone?"
She blinked slowly at me. "Of course not."
I smirked. "Was just making sure."
"Of course."
"You say of course a lot."
Her lips twitched. "Of course." I moved into a proper sitting position and laughed. "Glad I amuse you so," she said as she grunted in pain.
"You and Tristan are so much alike," I muttered and removed my hand from her. Freya snarled, and I held back a smile.
"Compare me to that asshole again and I will personally gut you myself," she warned.
"Such violence is beyond you," I said and chuckled as I quickly moved out of harm's way. For one, she had a sharp, gleaming lithium blade in her hand, and two, it looked like she wouldn't hesitate to stab me with it.
"Would you like to reevaluate your assumption about me?" she asked with a glint of something other than pure hunger in her narrowed, pitched black eyes.
"Not at all," I said and got to my feet. She growled, and I ducked as the blade went sailing over my head to bury itself into the far wall. We all winced as a loud boom sounded.
"Look what you made me do," Freya said with a curse.
"Don't look at me," I said and held up both hands. "It wasn't I who threw that magical blade in the first place."
"So," Casiar said slowly. "What exactly did happen?" he asked and stared at the hilt of the blade sticking from the wall.
"That," I said and walked over to it. Yanking it out, I walked back to Freya and handed it to her. "Not only kill magic for a while in a magic user, it also disrupts anything magical." I shrugged. "A magical object, a magical door, a magical barrier, symbols, runes. You know. That kind of stuff."
Casiar grunted, nodding. "I knew there was more to that blade," he muttered.
I walked to him and wrapped my arms around him, nuzzling his neck. "You can always ask, you know," I said dryly. He shrugged as his own arms came around me, holding me close.
"Luckily," Freya said grumpily. "It only affects that one wall and not the entire room."
"Get a room, you two," Elijah said from behind me, sounding oh so very bored. Straightening and turning, I scowled at him.
"I was not aware that I was in charge of hosting some kind of special event," Freya said conversationally as the chains flew off of her.
"Shit," Casiar said, dropping his arms from me and moving in a blur. Grabbing Freya, he spun her around, and she snarled as he snapped a pair of dark, dark red handcuffs on her wrists. "I apologize," he said and shoved her toward Elijah who caught her. "We have to cut off at least one part of you."
"How come I didn't get a pair?" I asked, annoyed. In answer, a zip tie appeared in Elijah's hand. He tossed it to me, and I reflexively caught it.
"Same thing," said Elijah. "Except for the zapping part." I nodded as I dropped it into my pocket.
Freya growled and bared her fangs, glaring at us. "I should have never spelled the things you give me."
I smirked. "Thank you for that by the way. They do come in handy."
"Why must it be me?" she asked agitatedly.
I frowned. "Because," I said gently. "You're the only witch practiced in all forms of magic." She sighed and hung her head. I winced. "Sorry," I said, still wincing.
"It is not you," she said, sighing. This time, we all winced but said nothing more, as Tristan appeared in the room, holding fucking Karacus in his arms. I suddenly saw red, and it took all I had in me not to slap the necromancer's head right off his shoulders. Tristan shoved him away and took Freya from Elijah. The moment Evelyn appeared, everything went dark.
In the Council chamber, it was silent and once again filled with vampires. Freya let out a whimper, turning in Tristan's arms and burying her face in his neck. It was better to be drowned in one scent rather than multiple scents. Tristan held her tighter and dropped into a chair at the table as we did the same. Sighing, I rested my arms on top of the table and resisted the urge to lower my head onto them and just forget about everything for a little while. "Wake him up," I said with a weary sigh. "Let's get this done and over with. I am tired of this whole thing." A few seconds later, Karacus woke up with a gasp, sitting up like he had been jolted with a livewire. His eyes met mine, and I smiled as terror poured from him. In Tristan's arms, Freya stiffened up even more, growling under her breath. "Scream," I said softly to Karacus. "And I will gladly let Freya rip out your voice box," I warned. "Am I understood?" He nodded rapidly, his throat working as he repeatedly swallowed back his screams that wanted to badly escape. "As you have been told a time or two, we won't kill you," I continued. "Instead, you will go to ground." Karacus froze as the audience let out a collective gasp. "Tell me, Karacus. Can you feel your magic within you?"
"What? What did you??" Karacus spluttered as more fear rolled off of him.
"I've not only taken your souls away from you," I said calmly when all I wanted to do was rip out his heart and eat it. "I've also stripped you of your necromantic powers when I fed from you." Karacus sat in stunned silence on the floor as I smirked. "As I am the only one who can strip you of all your magic, sweetness, Tristan is the only one who can strip you of all your? vampiric abilities."
"No!" he shouted as Tristan spoke softly to Freya. "No!"
"Oh, yes, love. Do not make it worse than it already is for yourself. Trust me, we can be even more of a bunch of assholes if we so please. If I were you, I wouldn't test us. You will not like the outcome." Freya reluctantly pulled away from Tristan and straightened to her full height. Looking miserable, she slowly walked to the back of the chamber and disappeared through a door, her sire's eyes on her the whole time, even long after it closed with a soft snap. I closed my eyes as my stomach clenched painfully with sadness, my throat closing in on itself. Taking in a deep shuddering breath, I opened my eyes, in time to see Tristan getting out of his chair and walking to Karacus.
"Get up," Tristan said quietly.
"Please," Karacus begged. "Please, don't do this. I beg of you, sire. Don't do this."
"I said get up."
Gulping, Karacus slowly got to his feet, looking anywhere but at Tristan. "I'm sorry," Karacus whispered.
"I know," Tristan said, also in a whisper. "But it is, too little, too late." Karacus nodded, swallowing hard. "You will go to ground for sixty years." He held up a hand when Karacus opened his mouth to speak. "Not another word," he warned. "Or I will make it six hundred years. If you continued to defy these terms, I will make it six thousand years." Karacus stiffened, practically gasping for air. "Which will it be?" Tristan asked as his hand shot out and grabbed Karacus by the arm and pulled him close.
"The first one," Karacus whispered. "I'm sorry," he said again as Tristan wrapped him in an unbreakable embrace. "I'm so sorry."
"So am I," Tristan whispered into his child's ear. "More than you will ever know," he finished and sank his fangs into Karacus's throat. There was a minute of silence, and then Karacus began to struggle and scream. It wasn't long before his screams died off and he went limp in his sire's arms. Tristan withdrew his fangs a second later, licking at the wound until the two punctured holes were gone. Sven appeared beside his sire and put a hand on Tristan's arm. "Take him," he said quietly, licking away the remaining blood from his mouth and releasing Karacus. Sven caught Karacus before he could hit the floor. Giving Tristan a concerned look, he vanished into thin air, taking Karacus with him. No one moved or said anything as Tristan stood there, staring off into space. The audience didn't even breathe as they watched us nervously.
"Out," I finally said. "All of you." There was a rush of sound as the doors were slammed open and everyone quickly exited, as if the devil himself was after them. The doors slammed shut with a resounding boom a couple of minutes later, and I let out a relieved sigh. Evelyn rose from her chair and went to Tristan's side. Putting a hand on his shoulder, she steered him back to his chair and gently pushed him into it. Tristan blinked and looked around, scowling. "Don't even think about it," I said. Evelyn nodded to Elijah and Casiar, and then they were gone, leaving me alone with Tristan. Well, as alone as possible since Freya was still in the other room. "Never mind," I said dryly. "You got part of your wish."
"I won't be rid of you so easily, will I?" he asked and stared down at the table.
"No," I said gently.
"I thought as much," he muttered, letting out a long, long sigh and leaning back.
"Do you want to talk about it?"
"Are you my therapist now?" he asked with a scowl.
"No," I said slowly. "I am your sister, Tristan. I may hate your ass for the most part, but I will not let you suffer alone in the dark." He stared at me, but said nothing as I waited. Sighing, I got to my feet, shaking my head. Resting my hand on his shoulder, I squeezed lightly before dropping it back to my side. "I meant what I said," I said softly. "No one deserves to suffer alone. Not even you. I understand you more than you will ever know." He grunted, and I snorted. "When you want to talk or beat the bloody shit out of someone, I'm here." When he nodded and though I really didn't want to, I reluctantly teleported away, leaving him alone in the Council chamber.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty

TRISTAN

"Everyone is gone." Freya's quiet voice penetrated my fog of a mind, and I looked up to find her standing behind Jailyn's vacated chair, one of her pale hands gripping the back of it as she looked at me with concern. I nodded, having no idea of how long I sat there. "Are you all right?"
"I will be," I said and stared at the doors that led out into the hall. "You need to feed, my dear child."
"So do you."
I pushed from the table and got to my feet. "Come," I said and held out my hand to her. Freya hesitated for a moment, and then she put her cold one into my own, a split second before I teleported. She let out a sigh and groaned as the frigid wind of Rochester, New York slammed into us. Pulling her hand out of mine, she flopped down into the snow, shielding her eyes from the too-bright-for-comfort sky. I closed my eyes, inwardly wincing from the painful stabs of a thousand needles against my skin.
"Are we out in the middle of nowhere? I do not smell any life nearby."
"We are," I said and shoved my hands into my pockets. I felt the stir of the air as she got to her feet. Her wet, ice cold hand wrapped around my wrist, and I let her pull my own hand out of my pocket. Opening my eyes to slits, I looked at her and winced.
"Did you drain your blood for Lorena today?" she suddenly asked. I scowled, and when I couldn't remember if I had or not, I teleported. "That would be a no," Freya said, releasing my wrist as we appeared in Lorena's darkened living room. Lorena herself was a blur as she lunged for me. Bracing myself for impact, I grunted as I caught her.
"Why did you not call for me?" I growled in irritation.
"I didn't want to bother you," Lorena wheezed and bit into my neck.
"Don't spill," I said as she struggled to swallow the blood down her throat. "If you are out of my blood, I don't care what time of the day or night it is, you are to come when you need me or call. Is that understood?" I glared at Freya, who sighed and took hold of one of my wrists. Bringing it to her mouth, I winced as she sank her fangs in deep. Lorena paused in her feeding, and I growled in warning. "Stop now and I'll stab you both." Lorena growled, and I cursed as she bit down hard. After a long couple of minutes, they reluctantly withdrew their fangs and sealed the wounds before pulling away from me.
"You would not do such a thing," Freya said and scowled at the floor.
"Wouldn't I?" I asked as the red haze of hunger clouded my vision. Lorena walked into the kitchen as I went over to the couch and sat. She came back out a second later, holding a couple bags of blood in her hands. Dropping down beside me, she held them out. I took them, and silence fell, as I drained the cold contents of the bag, one after another. When I was done, I crushed them into one plastic ball and tossed it into the trashcan beside the round coffee table.
"I need to make another blood run," Lorena muttered and glanced at the blacked-out window.
"And what of you?" I asked and looked up at Freya.
She shrugged. "I still have quite a few left to get on with." I grunted, and then snarled as I was suddenly yanked into complete darkness. I landed hard on my back, and I glared up at Jailyn as she waved to Lorena and Freya who were on the other side of the damn veil. Freya stepped forward, and a second later, she was yanked by some invisible force to land on her hands and knees beside me. Lorena shook her head, and the veil vanished just as silently as the dead. "It has been a while since I was here," Freya said and got to her feet.
"You were last here about two thousand years ago if I remember correctly," Jailyn said as I continue to glare up at her.
"It has been that long, I see."
"It has." Jailyn nudged me in the side with a foot. "Stop glaring at me." She scowled. "I brought you here for a reason," she said, grumbling under her breath. Freya held a hand out to me, and I took it, allowing her to pull me to my feet.
"That reason may be?" I growled.
"Cool your jets," Jailyn said, snorting as she turned away from us. "This way." When I didn't move, Freya's hand went to my arm, and I reluctantly let her pull me along. To me, everything in the abyss looked the same. It felt like I was walking in circles, and I wondered how in the hell Jailyn was finding her way around this cold, endless vast of nothing but crumbling buildings and pillars.
"Are you going to enlighten us to why we are here?" Freya asked after a few minutes of walking.
"Tabitha Henlie," Jailyn replied simply. "And I want to talk to you about something else as well." I grunted as we slowed to a stop. In the distance, I could see a flicker of movement, and then Tabitha's spirit stepped out from behind one of the standing pillars. Blinking, she floated over to us and stopped in front of Jailyn. "Hello, Tabitha Henlie." she said in greeting and paused. "Are you done running away from me?" Jailyn asked, amused. "I will have you know that chasing you all over the place was quite entertaining."
"You could have caught me at any time," Tabitha said with a frown.
"I could have," Jailyn said and folded her arms, scowling at the gathering spirits hovering about a hundred feet away from where we were standing. "You ran every time I or one of my children drew near so? it made me curious."
"I was wondering why no one was coming after me," Tabitha said softly.
Jailyn smiled. "I called off the hunt temporarily." Tabitha nodded. "May I inquire to why you ran?"
"My husband and daughter." Freya's hand tightened on my arm as I winced horribly.
"Ah," Jailyn said quietly and dropped her arms. The wave of sadness that suddenly filled the air was so palpable it felt like I could touch it.
"How are they?"
"They are well," Jailyn said softly, gently. "Both of them." She hesitated, frowning as she thought of something. "Would you like to see them for yourself?"
Tabitha looked down at the ground for a long moment, and then she shook her head. "I would love to, but I rather not. I'll take your word for it."
Jailyn nodded. "I understand."
Tabitha hesitated, and then shrugged, as if making up her mind on a decision she was fighting with. "Will you take care of Skyler?" She let out a heavy sigh. "I know that she is a vampire and can." She made air quotes with her fingers. "Take care," she said, drawing out the words. "Of herself. I still worry about her and for her safety. I may be dead, but that doesn't change anything." She paused. "Is her?" She frowned.
"Sire?" Jailyn provided helpfully. "That is what we call it when one of us creates another vampire."
Tabitha nodded. "Yes, is her sire still around?"
I winced. "She is," I said as Freya dropped her hand from me and took a step back.
Tabitha blinked as she turned to look at me. "I know you from somewhere," she muttered.
"We've met once before," I said and waited for her to remember. When she did, her eyes widened.
"Tristan," she gasped, still blinking. "You made me go home that one day. I couldn't resist no matter how hard I tried to turn back." She scowled. "What did you do to me? I remember every word you said."
I smirked. "I compelled you to go home."
She scowled. "Anyone ever told you that it's rude to control someone's mind without permission?"
I chuckled. "Yes, many times in fact."
"How old are you exactly?"
I scowled at her. "Anyone ever told you that it's rude to ask for someone's age?"
She huffed. "Just tell me."
I shrugged. "I'm a little over five thousand years old."
She gaped. "No wonder you don't know how to be nice or respect someone's privacy."
"I take offense to that," I growled and frowned at her.
"You can't hurt me," she said and shrugged.
I narrowed my eyes at her. "Physically, you're right, but there are other ways of hurting someone."
"Tristan," Jailyn said in warning. "I will not have you hurt my spirits."
"You have so little faith in me, Jailyn," I said with a sigh.
"And you wonder why," Jailyn said sweetly and wrapped her pale, cold fingers around my wrist. I hissed in pain, every muscle in my body locking together as I held back a scream. There was a sharp tug at the center of my being as my vision began to darken around the edges. I let out a strangled scream as I burned from the inside out. "Just remember what I and no one else can do to you." I glanced down to find that her hand was glowing hot red and fiery around my wrist. I could feel Freya's arms around me as I let out a pained snarl.
"I have not forgotten a thing," I hissed through gritted teeth.
"Good," she said and released me as she stepped in close. My eyes automatically went to the vein in her neck. "You would do best to not forget." Lengthening a sharp silver-tipped, sapphire-blue claw that would reflect light if there was any here, she sliced into her neck. The scent of blood filled my nostrils, and everything did go dark a split second later as I attacked her.
"Wake up," Freya said softly into my ear as she pressed a cold hand against my cheek. "Wake up now." I blinked my eyes open to find Jailyn looking down at me.
"Welcome back to the living," she said and smirked. "I must admit, Tristan. I haven't had that much fun in quite some time." With a grunt, Freya dropped her hand and lifted me into a sitting position.
"I now officially hate you," I growled.
"I feel the love as well."
I sighed. "What happened?"
"You lost it." She arched an eyebrow in amusement. "Utterly and completely. It was quite the sight." Muttering, I nodded to Tabitha who was staring blankly at nothing.
"Who is controlling mind now?" I asked dryly as I slowly got to my feet. Jailyn snorted and went to stand beside Tabitha, a hand on the spirit's shoulder. "You do know that you could have been seen?"
She nodded. "Don't worry, I took precautions." She gestured around her, and I realized belatedly that all the spirits except for Tabitha were gone.
"Are you going to take her now?" I asked, nodding to the spirit at her side.
Jailyn glanced at Tabitha and nodded, sighing. "Yes, she's ready to go. I have reassured her that Skyler will be looked after." I nodded and glanced down at my wrist. I winced at the angry redness of it, and it was healing and fading, but not at my normal, regenerative speed. "Hellfire, love, remember?" I growled, and she chuckled, disappearing with Tabitha in a flash of blinding white light that left me blinking away spots and tearing up. I glared at her as she reappeared alone a few seconds later. "Next time," she said, smirking. "I will be sure to warn you." I stared down at the black ground and wondered how many times I can stab her before she could knock my ass unconscious, and this time, probably permanently. Jailyn laughed and stepped up to my side. "Okay," she said, resigned as I looked up. "I'll stop being an ass."
"Thank the devil," I muttered as she began to walk. Freya fell in step beside me as I followed Jailyn to wherever she was going. "Helagias."
"I'm sorry?" I asked.
"That is what I want to talk to you about, or rather, who I want to talk to you about."
"Go on?" I said slowly.
"Helagias is the imp who shot Tabitha."
"I see."
"I don't think it will be a great idea for Skyler to seek out revenge for her mother's demise. No matter how bad she wants to."
"I agree."
"So do I," Freya seconded. "It would also be wise if she is not left alone with any demons for a while."
"I agree," Jailyn said a minute later as we came to a stop. Glancing around, she nodded. "Jumping," she said, a second before the ground fell away from me.
Night had just fallen as we appeared in the middle of a small clearing. Walking over to one of the surrounding trees, I leaned against it as Jesric and another vampire stepped from the shadows, another necromancer, another one of my creation. There weren't many necromancers in the world, but damn, more of them seemed to pop out of nowhere all of a sudden. Freya came to stand beside me and put a hand on my shoulder as Jailyn walked to meet the two necromancers. "I have a job for you both. Are you interested?" They nodded. Jailyn nodded in turn as a scroll appeared in her hand. She handed this to Jesric, who took it and shoved it into his pocket. "I want you to track down Justine, and when you find her, do not kill her. I want you to bring her to me alive and unharmed." Another scroll appeared in her hand, and she gave this to the second vampire. "Are these instructions I have given both of you clear?" They again nodded. "If you have any questions, now is the time to ask."
"What do we tell her if she asks why we're taking her?" Jesric asked.
She smirked. "Tell Justine that I would like to have a word with her." He nodded and moved back into the shadows, his silent companion following. "Remember," Jailyn said as they disappeared. "Do not be afraid to call out if the need arises." Muttering, she turned to me. "Are you now off to see Ari?" she asked.
Straightening, I nodded. "There is something I have to do first," I said as Freya dropped her hand from me.
Jailyn nodded. "Freya and I shall see you there, then." I nodded as they vanished into thin air. Sighing, I mentally reached out. Elijah, I silently said into his mind. Join me. With that, I teleported.
Standing in front of the ruin foundation of the old HQ, I looked around as Elijah appeared at my side. "I take it that you are ready to blow up what the demons have left untouched?" he asked and stared up at the moon.
"I've put it off long enough," I said and reached into my pocket. Wrapping my hand around the small remote, I pulled it out. Elijah put a hand on my arm and teleported a good distance away.
"We got everything we needed out of there. Bridget is also on standby." Nodding, I let out a heavy sigh and pushed a button on the remote, dropping it back into my pocket. Sixty seconds later, there was a deafening boom, and the ground shook underneath our feet. From the opening, orange flames shot high into the sky, illuminating Bridget as she walked out of the darkness and spoke into her radio. Nodding to us, she waved in greeting. Nodding to her, I once again teleported, reappearing in my apartment at Council HQ.
Sarisa glanced up from where she was sitting on the couch and nodded to me. "She hasn't awakened," the hunter said and frowned. I nodded as she got to her feet and followed me into the bedroom. Freya, Jailyn, Skyler, and Amaris in puppy form all looked up as I approached them. Plucking Amaris from the foot of the bed, I sat down and held the little shifter in my arms as I looked at Ari, no longer naked but dressed in a loose-fitting black shorts and an even looser sky-blue T-shirt that was big on her. "You can feed her," Sarisa said quietly, and I glanced at the IV stand beside the bed. "When she wakes up." I nodded, setting Amaris on the floor and moving into position, until I was able to pull Ari into my arms. Leaning against the headboard, I stroked her dark, dark red hair back, wincing as her skin burned me. Damn, I thought and stared up at the ceiling. There was a sudden burst of energy in the room, and we all froze, as if standing still in time. I didn't even breathe as I felt the change in Ari's own breathing. It was the barest slight of changes, but it was enough to catch even the dead's attention. Not even daring myself to hope, I slowly looked down, and I let out a sharp breath as I stared into her unfocused, confused, hunger-filled, no longer white but black eyes. "Ariella?" I whispered, as everyone else in the room promptly faded into the background.


* * * * * *



To find other books by Alina Meuangkhot, please visit:

https://www.alinambooks.com/


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Goodreads:
https://www.goodreads.com/Alina_M

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
