Blood Frenzy
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2012 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


* * * * * *



To Ahmad and Drew, this one is for you guys, and thank you to those who helped me with some of the scenes in this book. You guys know who you are. I hope you enjoy it just as much as I enjoyed writing them. Thank you.


* * * * * *



Chapter One

SAMANTHA

Life is boring. Life is okay. Life is good. Life is great. Life is awesome, but for me, life consists of running. I’ve always wondered. What am I running from? Time and time again, I’ve asked myself that question. Was I just being paranoid? For the life of me, I had no clue why I was running, and why the Vampiric Council was after me. Surely, I’ve broken no law as far as I was concerned. I was just glad that I haven’t found a death card in my mailbox yet. Now that? Would be another story totally. I’d probably kill myself. To say the least, I had a feeling that my time of running was about to come to an end. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? If it involves the VC? I am definitely fucking dead meat. For sure. I sighed heavily and moved the heavy curtain aside and peered out, no one suspicious standing outside my window and no movements in the trees. It was calm and still like any other day. Nodding, I let it drop back into position and moved away from the window. It was a habit that started two years ago, and I couldn’t get myself to stop. What in the world’s hell was wrong with me? Walking into the living room, I plopped onto the couch, almost knocking it over in the process. Argh, my life? Fucking sucks ass. Yep, the best way to sum it up. Feeling the presence of another vampire nearby, I stiffened, my senses going on high alert. Who the hell was paying me a visit? I didn’t make a move or a sound as the vampire stopped outside my door. Oh, boy, this was about to get interesting, or not, as the doorbell rang. I took a deep breath and slowly got up. Walking over to the door, I opened it. “Hi, are you Samantha Branson?” I stared up at the vampire before me. Chills ran up and down my spine as I peered into her cold eyes. Is this it? Have they finally sent someone out to find me?
“Yes,” I said slowly.
“I’m Audrianna Davis.” She smiled. “May I… come in?” I nodded and stood back to let her in. Her eyes scanned the house in interest. The colorful decoration of wallpapers, the dark wood floor, the crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling, and heavy curtains blocking out the daylight. If I wasn’t mistaken, it looked like she was taking inventory of my house. I slowly closed the door, blocking out the dim daylight. I led her into the kitchen, emptied of everything except for a table, a couple of chairs, a refrigerator, a microwave, and a stove. Okay, I take that back. It had everything in it except for food. Then why do I have a stove? Because from time to time, I like to cook myself a good human food to eat. Funny shit, huh? “Please, have a seat. Would you like ah… something to drink?” My stomach was practically jumping all over the place. I wanted to jump out of my skin as she sat down at the table and nodded. “Do you like it cold or warm?”
“Cold is fine.” Swallowing, I went to the refrigerator and opened it, grabbing a couple plastic bags of blood. Letting the door slam, I walked to the table and sat across from her. I held out a bag to her and she took it. I leaned back and put my own bag to my fangs and punctured it. Audrianna watched me for a few seconds before ripping her own bag open. Finishing my bag of blood, I pulled the empty bag from my mouth and dropped it on the table. I shifted nervously in my chair and cleared my throat.
“Um… may I ask what you are doing here?” I slowly asked.
“Let me ask you this. Why do you think I’m here?” She pulled out her phone and peered at it. “I’m sensing that you are afraid of me.” Her phone suddenly vibrated in her hands and she frowned at it. “Uh, excuse me, I have to take this,” she said, getting up and moving out of the kitchen. I sighed. Why was she here? Who was she? I don’t know how long I sat there pondering the questions, but she was suddenly back, slipping her phone in her pocket. “Sorry about that, but back to my earlier question. Why do you think I am here?”
“To kill me?”
“Kill you? Why would I do that?”
I shrugged. “I just have a feeling about it.”
“Hmm, did you do something wrong?”
“No,” I said and winced as the ringing of a telephone sounded. I cursed.
“Go ahead and answer it,” she said. “I’ll wait.”
I nodded. “Sorry, I’ll be right back.”
Down the hall, I entered my office. Walking over to the desk, I picked up the phone. “Hello?”
“Branson?”
“Yes?”
“This is Tecrayle.”
I groaned. “Tell me why you’re calling.”
“I called to warn you.”
“About?”
“Don’t go to California.”
“I’m sorry? Say that again?”
“Stay in Chicago. The VC is looking for you.”
I stiffened. “What?”
“Yeah, you heard me correctly. Now, do me a favor and stay in Chicago.”
“Is that all?” I asked dryly.
He growled. “I’m serious, Sam.”
“Okay, okay, fine, I’ll stay,” I said grudgingly and slammed the phone back in its receiver. I spun around, intending to leave, but came to a screeching halt and stared at the expressionless vampire who was leaning casually against the doorjamb. My stomach was doing flip flops again. I looked him up and down: he was tall, muscular, paler than I was, dressed in all black, his pitch-black eyes looked like they had seen way too much and were way too knowledgeable in every which way. He made no move as I continued to just stare at him. Was he here to finally kill me? Or perhaps torture me first before killing me? His lips twitched with amusement and his eyes narrowed. I looked down, cursing myself. Even with my shield tightly in place, he was obviously able to still read me. Taking a deep breath, I looked back up and flinched as I met his cold piercing gaze. He straightened up and slowly walked over. I instinctively backed away quickly, hands out in a stop gesture. My back hit the desk, and I reluctantly dropped my hands back to my side. Stopping in front of me, he leaned in and inhaled. I stiffened, fighting the urge not to make a run for it. He straightened up again and his eyes bored into mine. He tilted his head to the side, listening. I frowned and then picked up the sound of someone coming down the hall. He smirked and to my relief, moved away from me. Audrianna appeared in the doorway, looking from me to the silent vampire in surprise. She stepped into the room and closed the door behind her. She frowned at him.
“You didn’t tell her,” he softly growled. It sent ice cold chills throughout my body.
“I was going to tell her before you came,” she grumbled. “I thought you were going to take your time coming here.”
He chuckled. “Next time, I’ll let you know my method of traveling.”
“No, you wouldn’t,” she muttered.
“Introduce me,” he softly hissed, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.
Audrianna gulped and glanced nervously at me. She shifted and cleared her throat. “Sam, this is Tristan Tronis.” I nearly swallowed my own tongue. “Tristan, this is Samantha Branson.” Terror gripped me hard—I had to hold on to a chair beside me to keep from tearing out of the room like a bat straight out of hell. I squeaked as a cool hand effortlessly removed mine from the chair. It tingled as my fingers twitched in his. I couldn’t help but notice that Tristan’s eyes were constantly moving to my throat. I swallowed as my heart picked up even more. He once again leaned in, his breath played across my neck.
“I’m not here to kill you,” he whispered, and I jerked back as I felt the tips of his fangs. “But if you don’t get a hold of yourself…” The stinging pressure increased ever so slightly. A cool sensation washed over me, and I found myself relaxing. He pulled back, releasing my hand and backing away. “It’s great to finally meet you, Samantha.”
“So, you’re not going to kill me?” I asked wearily.
“Why do you think I would kill you?”
“You know,” I muttered.
“I do?”
I nodded. “Or else you wouldn’t be here.”
“You’re right, but for now, I’ll leave you to ponder it for the time being. Let’s see if you’ll remember the reason to why I am here as time goes on, hmm?”
I groaned. “What did I do?”
“You tell me.” He glanced at the phone and back to me. “Who were you talking to?”
“W-why?” I moved around the desk and dropped into a chair.
He smirked. “I’m simply curious is all.”
“Tecrayle,” I muttered. He nodded, and then he was suddenly in front of the desk. I squeaked and backed up. His hand shot out and gripped my upper arm, pulling me out of my chair. He came around the desk and shoved it away. “What are you doing?” I gasped, inwardly wincing. What are you—?” I coughed as something warm went down my throat. I blinked as I realized what it was. My head bent backward, I tried to push him from me. It was like pushing against a fucking brick wall. Using all my strength, I pushed at him again. He only grunted and changed his hold on me. I mentally hissed and kicked out. I cried out in pain as my head exploded. White light filled my vision as my head continued to pound. What the hell was going on here? I pushed at him. Again, I got nowhere. I was completely and utterly held immobile.
“Keep this up sweetheart,” he whispered close to my ear. “I completely don’t mind it at all.”
“Sam, please don’t fight him,” said Audrianna. “It’ll only end up being worse for you.” I choked and groaned as my hunger, stronger than ever, hit me out of nowhere. My fangs shot out and buried themselves in Tristan’s wrist. I heard Audrianna swear. “I told you so,” she muttered under her breath.
“Mmm, now that is more like it,” he whispered. I snarled as I swallowed mouthfuls after mouthfuls of his blood like a starved animal. And just as suddenly as my hunger came on, it went away abruptly. He pulled his wrist and licked it shut. I licked the blood off my lips and glared at him. Then everything went blurry. “You won’t remember seeing me or Audrianna. You won’t remember anything that happened after you ended your call with Tecrayle, and you will keep pondering why you are being hunted by the VC.” Then darkness closed around me.
I blinked and shook my head. It felt like someone had stuffed cotton balls in it for some reason, and it felt like I was being smothered to death. I glanced at the clock on the wall and groaned. How long was I out? I frowned. What the hell happened? I searched my brain, but I couldn’t come up with anything logical. Muttering, I got up from the chair and walked out of the office. Doing a once-over, I didn’t find anything out of the ordinary. No windows were open, no doors were unlocked, nothing whatsoever. Why the hell was I feeling like shit then? I swore loudly and went into my room and flopped down on my bed. Was there such a thing as a vampire therapist? Because I sure as hell needed one. And for the record, my sire could go fuck herself for all I care. News was that the VC was after her ass, too, and if I knew where she was? I’d be the first one on board to turn her in. I sighed. If it wasn’t for Tecrayle, I’d be full-blown rogue by now. Perhaps I already was, and I just didn’t know it… yet. Perhaps I was just a disaster waiting to happen.
Time must have passed again, because the next thing I knew, something cold, sharp, pressed against my neck. It burned, but I couldn’t scream. I couldn’t move. Blinking my eyes open, I stared up at the ceiling. It was a little light outside. Once again, I tried to move my hand up to my neck. It didn’t move even an inch as I struggled against the invisible force pinning me to the bed. I heard movement to my right, and the bed dipped as someone’s weight came down on it. “It’s a pleasure to finally see you up close.” I tried to ignore the shiver that came over me at the sound of that low voice. The burning against my neck disappeared only to be replaced with a cool finger, catching the trickle of blood.
“Who the hell are you?” I asked. I coughed and cleared my throat. “If you’re going to kill me, get on with it already.” I felt the force lifting, and I was out of the bed in a blink. Crouching, I looked around the room. The vampire was still sitting on my bed, all covered in black, a silver blade in his hand. I couldn’t tell who it was since his face was hidden behind a hood. “Who are you?” I repeated.
He chuckled. “I will reveal myself soon enough.” He got up and was looming over me in a heartbeat. I cried out as pain slammed into my whole body. What the fuck? I felt myself being lifted off the floor. My vision blurred as I fought to keep myself conscious. “Oh, you are such a lucky vampire, Branson. We finally caught up to you.” He chuckled. “We’ve let you off long enough. It’s time to face what you’ve been hiding all these years. Oh, wait, I meant what you refuse to remember. It’s there in the back of your mind, but you’ll just have to dig it back up, a little piece at a time. It’s like putting a complicated puzzle back together, but in this case, it’s your memories that are not in one nice whole piece.”
“What?” I gasped. I could barely get the question out. What the hell was he talking about? “What are—?”
“Shhh, questions, after questions, after questions, after questions. It’s tiresome you know. Don’t fight it. It won’t do you any good.” A cool finger brushed my hair back from my neck. “When you wake up, you won’t remember a thing. You had a nice undisturbed sleep.” As I drifted into unconsciousness, the last thing I was aware of was the feeling of sharp fangs plunging into my neck. Oh. God. It… fucking… burned like a… son of a bitch.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

AVERY

I flew out of the slowly descending window and up into the sky. Inhaling the refreshing air, I scanned the ground below me. Chicago’s traffic was quiet at this hour. No cars, no people milling about. It was like they sensed danger in town and scrambled for safety. Stiffening, I continued forward, dropping to the ground before one of my insatiable brothers could grab me. Not going to do such a thing. Elijah’s amused voice pounded in my head as he and Tristan enclosed me. I sighed and pulled back my hood and glared at Tristan. “Are you going to stab me with that?” he growled. “Or is that just for show.” I looked down, realizing I was still holding the knife. I sheathed it and shook my head. “Well?” Tristan scanned the surrounding area and gestured to a shadowy corner. I followed him and stopped beside a dumpster. “Well?” he repeated.
“It went well, she didn’t throw any punches or anything if that’s what you’re looking for,” I said dryly.
“That’s not what I meant, and you know it,” he snarled.
“Really?”
“Avery,” Elijah warned. “Don’t push it. Now’s not the time.”
I sighed. “I didn’t see any rogues running about. I dug into Samantha’s head. The memory you’re looking for is there, but she buried it so deep so that she couldn’t recall it later. I didn’t go any further.”
Tristan nodded stiffly. “Well, in that case… follow me.”
“Where we going?”
“We’re going to see Tate.”
“The one and only,” I muttered.
“You don’t have to go anywhere.” A gasping Tate rounded the corner and stumbled toward us. Cuts and bruises were visible, and blood trailed him everywhere he went.
I winced. “Ouch, what happen to you?”
“I got jumped by seven rogues.” I quickly backed away from him as he reached for the dumpster to steady himself. Tristan’s hand shot out and grabbed him before he face-planted into the pavement. Tate cursed and kicked the dumpster over. Luckily, there was nothing inside it. My jaw clenched as I tried to ignore the blood. Focusing on the dirty brick wall, I slowly drew in a breath and let it out slowly.
“So, I assume you dispatch them all?” I asked.
“Damn right I did.”
“Where is Ian? Wasn’t he supposed to be with you?”
“That asshole decided to grab a bite, and what I mean by that, he went for some deep-dish pizza. I told him I would meet up with him.”
Tristan cleared his throat and looked over at me and Elijah. He signaled us over. I groaned and grudgingly went over to him. Elijah’s hand came down on my shoulder at the same time Tristan grabbed me. In the blink of an eye, I found myself standing in the middle of our hotel room. We broke apart and went our separate ways. I dropped into a chair and rubbed my eyes. In the distance, the shower turned on. A cold bag of blood was shoved into my hand. I sighed. Take it or leave it, Elijah mentally hissed at me. I ripped the bag open and slurped the thick gelatinous content down. He snatched the empty bag from me and tossed it in the cooler, which he slammed shut. “Revolting,” I growled. He ignored me and stalked out of the living room. I heard the door open and slam, and a gasp which was quickly cut off. I mentally cursed as I was suddenly pulled to my feet and jerked forward by an invisible force. Elijah bared his fangs at me and growled low in his throat. Knowing what he intended to do, I yanked the human from him and struck. Behind me, Tristan snarled. I tightened my hold on the human and quickly pulled the warm sweet blood down my throat. With another mental curse, I reluctantly pulled back. Tate was beside me in a flash. He pulled the human from me and closed the wound. He went past Elijah and to the door. I licked my lips and went back to my chair. Instead of sitting down, I turned to Tristan and Elijah, who were still standing by the door. Elijah was eyeing Tate hungrily, and Tristan was eyeing Elijah murderously. “Elijah,” I said sharply. He blinked and looked over at me. “If you want to keep your head right where it is, I suggest you leave Tate alone.” He growled and spun around, stomping into the bathroom and closing the door. Tristan relaxed and pointed to a cell phone on the small table. Tate nodded and snatched up his phone and peered at the screen.
“Ian says if we want to join him, we’ll have to be there in ten.”
I glanced at the clock and smiled. “We’re fifteen minutes late,” I said.
“Shit,” Tate grumbled, rapidly texting a reply. The bathroom door crashed open and Elijah came out. He reached the cooler and threw the lid open, pulling out another blood bag and tossing it at Tate. He caught it before it could pop open on impact with the floor. “He’s still waiting for us,” he said and punctured the bag. Taylor and Evelyn just got there. He mentally said, slipping his phone in his pocket. “So, we going?” he asked out loud this time, crushing the bag and throwing it back in the cooler. Tristan nodded. “Cool, because I haven’t had a Chicago deep dish for a long ass time.” Tristan walked over to Elijah and gripped the back of his neck, hard. I flashed to his side and grabbed his arm. Tate grumbled and walked to my side and took my hand. Once again, everything faded to black, reappearing a good distance away from the pizza place.
“I’ll take Tate,” I said. I stepped away from them. “You two find someone and join us later.” Tristan nodded and pushed Elijah forward.
“Come,” I said to Tate. We walked to the door and went inside. Ian spotted us right away and beckoned us over. I slid into the booth next to Evelyn while Tate slid in next to Ian.
“Tate, why are you limping?” Ian asked.
“Have you lost your mind?” Tate huffed. “I got jumped by seven rogues, remember?”
Ian rolled his eyes and looked over to me. “Where are Tristan and Elijah?”
“They went to grab some cherry ice pops,” Tate said before I could answer.
“Huh, cherry?” He shrugged. “Ice pop?”
He sighed. “You know what I mean.”
Ian smiled. “I’ll give them—never mind.” He glanced at the door just as Tristan and Elijah walked in. They came over to the table just as the server stopped beside me.
“Are you ready to order?” she said to Ian.
“Yes, we are,” he said. I leaned back against the booth as he ordered, my mind wandering elsewhere. Only a jab to my side brought me back to the here and now.
“Avery,” Evelyn sighed. “Order your drink.”
“I’ll just have water,” I said. The server nodded and left. I stared questioningly at Ian. He rolled his eyes at me.
“What?”
I shook my head. “Nothing.”
“Right,” he drawled. Just then, the server came out with our food. She set it on the table and looked to Ian. He shook his head and made a go-away gesture. Evelyn frowned at him, but he just narrowed his eyes, and I could feel a tinge of energy off him. The server nodded and went to serve other customers.
“Boys,” Evelyn muttered under her breath and took a bite of her pizza. Everyone else followed suit a moment later. We were about to finish up when she went taut beside me. I quickly swallowed my last bite and turned to her sharply. I rest a hand on her arm. Everything else faded into the background except for those around us. I pulled her from the booth and outside, only then registering that only Tristan followed us out.
“Let her ride it out,” he said coolly. I nodded. He held out a hand, and she took it. I winced as his power shot into her and through me. “Back to the hotel,” he said as the others came out. A second later, everything went black.

KIRA

I was covered in something hot, and sticky, and… I sniffed and caught the coppery tang of… blood? What the… I tried to sit up. Pain slammed into me, and I fell back with a cry. What the hell was wrong with me? Gasping, I slowly opened my eyes and looked around. I held back another cry as I realized that yep, indeed, I was lying in a pool of my own blood. I cringed away from the sunlight. It was awfully too bright. Again, what the hell happened to me? I wracked my brain, but no memory popped into place. Huh, that was interesting… I carefully got myself into a sitting position, and this time, really looked around. I was in an alley behind a building of some sort. No one was around. How did I get there? Empty chip bags, soda cans, newspapers were littering the dirty alleyway. Hand on the grimy brick wall, I pushed myself to my feet. How long was I there? Trying not to heave, I carefully took a step forward and then another. I was almost to the mouth of the alley when I had the sudden urge to turn back. What the fuck? I tried to ignore it, but the farther away I was from the alley, the stronger the pull became. I groaned and turned back the way I’d come. Five very tall, pale figures stepped in front of me. I blinked. Where the hell did they come from? They created a circle around me. I hugged myself, trying not to break out of the circle and make a run for it. The vibes from them were suffocating. They didn’t touch me as they closed in tighter. One of them reached out and cupped my chin, turning my head to look up at him. I jerked involuntarily the moment he made contact. His black eyes bored into mine. I so wanted to run, but I held myself as he continued to study me intently. I frowned as a weird sensation came over me. Finally, he let go of me and looked at the others. They shook their heads to a… silent agreement? A nod from one of them confirmed it for me. I blinked again, just realizing that they were reading my mind. Were they? Another nod from her left no doubts in my mind. “Kira.” I squeaked at that eerie deep voice. I turned to look back up at him. “Will you come with us willingly?”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “I don’t know you.”
He smirked. “Of course. From what I read in your mind, you do know that vampires exist, don’t you?”
I stiffened. “Y-yes, I do.”
He nodded. “With that in mind, come with us. If you don’t, we’ll let you go and kill someone, and then I’ll kill you afterwards.”
I blinked. “What?”
“You are one of us now, Kira.”
“But, but—”
“Are you hungry?” he asked, cutting me off.
“I—” My stomach chose that moment to give a painful squeeze. I gasped. Just as abruptly as it appeared, it went away, but now I realized that I was er… extremely thirsty. Fuck. Without meaning to, I inhaled deeply. I groaned. This was so embarrassing. I looked back up at him. He gave me a very knowing look. “If I am to come with you, at least give me your names?”
“I am Tristan,” he said. “This is Avery, Evelyn, Elijah, and Taylor,” he continued, nodding to each one of them. I nodded. He held out a hand. “Come, let’s get out of here. Your blood is going to drive all of us insane.” I put my hand in his and before I could give a yelp of shock, we were somewhere else.
“Did you just—just—just teleport me?” I spluttered.
“Sorry, I should have warned you.”
“Can all—?”
“No,” he said before I could finish. “Only those around you can.” I looked around and noticed that the other four were watching us closely.
“Well, okay then, that is so not fair, but okay.”
“Ah, Kira?”
I turned to Evelyn. “Yes?”
“Can you uh… clean yourself up? We all like to bite vampires, but two out of five here like it a lot more than the others.”
“Who?” I asked, stepping away from Tristan. Three fingers pointed at Elijah and Tristan.
“It’s so rude to point,” said Elijah, with a little hint of annoyance behind it.
I moved further away from Tristan and toward the bathroom. “How do I know I’m really a vampire?” I suddenly asked.
“Look at yourself in the mirror,” said Evelyn. “You no longer have blue eyes, and I bet your fangs are showing a little too.”
“Oh, great,” I muttered.
“Catch.” Before I could ask, a flash of red came toward me in a blur, but I wasn’t fast enough. Having no idea how he got there, Elijah caught it before it could explode all over the carpeted floor. Staring at him wide eyed, he held it out to me.
“Please tell me I don’t have to drink that,” I grumbled.
He smiled. “I don’t like it either,” he said. “I prefer to bite humans.” He shoved the blood into my hand. “Take it. You need it.”
“Can I drink it after I’m cleaned up?”
He growled softly but nodded. “You will drink it one way or another.”
“You’re going to force-feed me?”
“If that’s what it takes.” I turned away from him and went into the bathroom. What. The hell. Happen to me? And why couldn’t I remember a damn thing? Did I even want to remember? Probably. Not.
Half an hour later and sipping at the cold blood, Evelyn crossed the room to sit on the bed beside me. Only she and Taylor remained in the room with me. The guys were gone when I came out from my shower. “So,” she said, her eyes lingering on the bag in my hands. “What were you doing before the world went blank on you?”
Removing the now empty bag from my mouth, I dropped it into the cooler beside me. “Um, I was… taking a walk.” I frowned. “Wait, I was walking my dog. Where is she? Is she—?”
“Is she the little white puppy, a… Shih Tzu, I think it’s called?”
“Yeah, how did you know?”
“Because I found her at your door when I got there. She’s a cute fluffy thing.”
I nodded. “Well, why didn’t you bring her with you?”
She shrugged. “I’m afraid I might eat it.”
I gaped at her. “You drink animal blood?”
She made a gagging noise at the back of her throat. “Some do, but I prefer human blood.” I rolled my eyes at her. She smirked. “You’re going to have to learn how to feed… the proper way.”
“But—”
“Nope,” she said. “You’re not getting around it.”
“But,” I continued to protest.
“There is no ‘but,’ sweetheart.”
I squealed and spluttered. “Tristan.”
“Kira,” he said as if he didn’t scare the living hell out of me.
“Can you make a noise next time?” I grumbled.
He narrowed his eyes at me. “Why, Kira, you have a lot to learn, my dear.”
“Not comforting,” I mumbled.
I stiffened as he crossed the room to us. “Wasn’t meant to be.” I scrambled away from him.
“Brother,” Evelyn said sharply.
“Don’t worry, I’ll play nice.”
I squeaked. “W-what’s that supposed to mean?”
He smiled. “It means exactly what it means.” He reached out and stopped me from backing up any farther. I froze. “Now, I’m going to show you what your memory lacks.”
“I—”
“You won’t like it. And, it will hurt.”
“Oh, wonderful,” I groaned. “Do I want to remember it?”
“No, but you will sooner or later.”
I sighed. “Alright fine, what do I have to do?”
“Bite. Me.”
My eyes widened. “Say what?”
He chuckled. “I said bite me.”
“No way, no fricken way.” I jumped off the bed, but Tristan was already there to stop me from… what? Running? I growled and flopped back on the bed. “I think I already know what I’m going to see,” I muttered.
“Who says it was going to be a vision?”
“Is it?”
“Yes.”
“The fact that I woke up in a filthy ass alley and drowning in my own blood pretty much gave me a good of an idea of what happened.”
“Okay, fine. What you’re thinking is right, but he didn’t intend for you to live, Kira. You bit him at the last second before you lost consciousness, and you did have a weapon on you.”
“Then how am I a vampire?”
“That, I don’t know yet, but I will figure it out.”
“Oh, boy, I can hardly wait.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

JADE

“Where is she?” I growled. Standing in the doorway of apartment 2B, I glared at the vampire before me. It so happened that Tristan forgot to tell me the address of this particular rogue who goes by the name of Delilah. He wasn’t answering his phone or my mental call. That prick, I silently grumbled as I continued to wait for a response. I wanted to grab her and bash her skull against the damn doorframe, but nooo, I had to play nice. “I’m going to ask you again. Where. Is. Delilah?”
“I told you. I. Don’t. Know.”
I sighed. “Fine, but I’ll be back. In the meantime, see if you can remember something, anything.”
“If I know anything, I’ll let you know,” she said. I held out my card and she took it grudgingly.
“I’m out,” I said and flashed out of there. Outside, I send out another mental call to Tristan. Again, nothing. I cursed.
“Did you get anything?” Jayr stepped from behind the building and toward me.
“Nope,” I muttered. “Got zilch.”
“He didn’t answer my call either,” she said, coming to a stop beside me. “You think he’s ignoring us on purpose?”
“Probably,” I grumbled.
“I got a text from Audri while you were inside.” I nodded. “She’s meeting us at the hotel.”
Ten minutes later, we stepped through the door of the hotel. The clerk nodded to us in greeting. I waved to her as we headed for the elevator. The door whooshed open, and we came face to face with a newly turned vampire and Tristan, who shot a very annoyed look my way. His hand shot out and stopped the doors from closing. Realizing that the clerk was looking between the two of us, I stepped into the elevator. Jayr hit the close button and turned to the new vampire. “Kira.” I shivered as Tristan’s voice sent a wave of danger throughout my whole body. “This is Jayr and Jade.”
“Nice to meet you,” said Kira.
I took her outstretched hand and shook it. “Nice to meet you, too,” I said and looked at Tristan. “Who’s her sire?” I asked.
“That, I don’t know,” he growled softly. “Evelyn didn’t see the attacker’s face.”
“Hmm… well that’s going to be a pain in my ass.”
He smirked. “Good to know.”
“What’s Delilah’s address?”
“You are asking me?”
“Yeah, it would help us a great deal if you told us in the first place.”
“Hmm, you know, I don’t know.”
“Tristan,” I groaned.
“Jade?”
“You are not helping here.”
“Wasn’t meant to be.”
“Grrr.”
He chuckled. “That’s the spirit.” He patted me on the head and gave me a gentle push out of the elevator. “Now girls, I will see you soon. Kira has some learning to do.” Kira grumbled and muttered under her breath as the elevator door closed her and Tristan in.
“I give her props for being with him,” said Jayr. “Then again, he’s not exuding his normal scary ass vibe around her.”
“Wish we were newborns,” I muttered. “Then he’d be nicer.”
Jayr scoffed. “I doubt that.”
“Me, too.” I turned the corner and walked down the long hallway. “What room is she in?”
“403,” said a low voice behind us.
I nodded and turned to face Tate. “You didn’t go with Tristan?” I asked.
“No, should I?”
“No, I was just wondering.”
“Two more doors down?” I grunted and went to the right door and knocked. It opened a split second later.
“I was wondering what was keeping you,” said Audri. “Come in.” She stood aside to let us in. She scowled at Tate when he entered behind us. “I didn’t invite you.” She let the door slam shut and crossed the room, dropping into a chair. She pointed to another chair, gesturing for us to sit. I sat down and looked between her and Tate, waiting for them to drop it or continue. “Tate?” He pulled a piece of paper from his pocket and tossed it onto the coffee table. She frowned at it and picked it up. “What could this be?”
“Your answer,” said Tate.
She looked at it and smirked. “I love you, Tristan,” she said under her breath. Jayr and I exchanged a look. She didn’t miss it. She laughed and shook her head. “He gave me permission to hunt rogues.”
“Seriously?” I asked. “You’ve been begging him for… how long now?”
“Five years.”
Tate cleared his throat. “You have to sign that.”
“I know I know.” We all froze as a knock sounded. Audri frowned and went to open it. There was a soft pop and a gasp. Two men shoved their way into the room. Spotting us, they ordered us face down on the floor. We did as we were told. Audri’s mental hiss of pain sounded in my head. Don’t. Do. Anything. Yet. I bit down on my tongue as a surge of power filled the room. It was way too powerful to be from one of us. I heard the gun being cocked, but the shot never came.
“Put. That. Down.” The sweet voice of Evelyn floated to my ears. The gun hit the floor with a thump. “What are you doing here?” she asked in a conversational tone.
“Nothing, we were looking for one of our friends,” said one of the guys.
“Oh really, then why are these people on the floor?” I grunted and got to my feet and walked over to one of them. “Jade?” I came to an automatic stop. It was instinct to stop whenever a powerful vampire addressed you directly. Especially if that vampire could kill you with a thought. I held back a shudder and turned to her. “Do not touch them.”
“But one of them shot Audri,” I said.
“I know. She’ll be fine.” She walked over to Audri and bent down to her. I watched as she put her wrist to Audri’s mouth. “Tristan is here. Do not make a single move.” She shot the two humans a warning look. “Am I clear?” The two dumbfounded humans nodded. Evelyn straightened, licking the remaining blood from her wrist just as the door once again opened. The air was now super charged with energy from both Evelyn and Tristan. He looked around the room. When he spotted the humans, a low growl issued from him. I backed up to a chair and sat down. This was going to be bad. Tristan stiffened and slowly inhaled. Then he was at Audri’s side before my brain could even register that he’d move. Damn, I so wish I was that fast. He helped her up and looked her over. Satisfied, he led her to the bed. She flopped herself on it. He turned back to the humans and actually smiled. I frowned at him.
“You’re wanted,” said Tristan. “I can’t even imagine what you are wanted for.” He walked over to them and reached into the shooter’s pocket and pulled out a knife. “Evelyn, release them.” The door once again opened, and Jessica came in.
“Tristan,” she said.
“Jessica.”
“You called for me?”
“Yes, I did.” He nodded to Evelyn. Jessica gasped.
“I got it.”
“Good,” said Tristan. “Do it now or I’ll change my mind and eat them.” She squeaked. “I’m quite thirsty. They interrupted me in the middle of feeding, and I don’t. Take. That. Lightly. At. All,” he growled. She spun and disappeared from view. Tristan snarled and jerked back, stopping himself from going after her. “Remove their memory of what we are,” he growled. “Come,” he said tightly. I got up and followed him out the door and into his room.
“Where’s Kira?” I asked. I stiffened as he was all of a sudden right in front of me. I didn’t want to excite him even more by struggling. He pulled me into an embrace.
“She’s with Ian,” he said against my throat. “Any more questions?”
“Um, no,” I said, and gasped at the sharp pain at my neck. His grip tightened a little as he drew in my blood.
“God, Tristan,” Evelyn hissed. He growled as she came toward us. She sighed and muttered something unintelligible under her breath. He drew in one last mouthful and withdrew his fangs, licking the wound close.
“Sorry,” he said to her. “I don’t like sharing.”
“Next time, can you wait until I leave the room?”
He grunted. “I’ll remember that.”
She sighed. “Sure you will.” I squealed and swiftly pulled away from him as the knife flashed. Shit, that was still in his hand while he was feeding? He might as well have cut out my heart afterwards. He gave me an aggravated look and threw the knife at Evelyn. She deftly caught it and sniffed it. I frowned in confusion as she nodded to him. “I’ll give this to Elijah. He can do whatever he wishes with it.” Tristan nodded. Uh, what? I stared at the two of them, wishing like hell that I could read them. “He’s outside with the cops at the moment.” She stiffened. “Go get him before he decides to jump one of them.” Oh hell, this night might just have gotten more… interesting.

ELIJAH

Only the flashing lights and a steel hold around me were keeping me back. The perspiration, fear, excitement, dread—hell, all of the above were swamping my senses. Suddenly, I felt the air stirred, forcing me to look away from the cops. I stared into Tristan’s eyes, watching the black swallow up the tinge of red that was visible just seconds ago. Before I could snap my focus back to the humans, his hand landed on me and everything went black. I groaned and inhaled the cool air. “I guess that was a bad idea for you to go out there.” Evelyn’s voice hammered against my skull, and I hissed at her. She put a hand up. “Sorry, sorry,” she said, a whole lot softer. My eyes found Jade, and she automatically raised her hands in front of her. “Oh, she’s off limits for a few.” I sniffed in her direction and nodded, silently cursing Tristan. He softly laughed and pulled me from Avery, and sent me flying across the room.  The air whooshed out of me as I hit the wall and landed hard. I snarled as he was on me in a blink, his cold hand on the back of my neck. I gasped and shivered as the frigid current from him seeped into me. Oh, I was going to feel like shit when this was over with. The room blurred as I was flipped over. I held back a scream as my whole body burned, sensations slowly returning. Slowly, my vision and hearing went away. At least that son of a bitch was nice enough to take sound and sight from me. Oh, brother, you just wait. I’m going to get you back for this. Once again, the cold returned, and this time, I couldn’t feel a thing.

TRISTAN

Sweat poured off of him as the numbness finally took hold. Removing the mental hold that was pinning him to the floor, I watched as his body involuntarily convulsed. I picked him up and flashed to the bed, dropping him heavily onto it. “How long will he be out?” Jade’s fear wrapped around me as I slowly turned to the rest of them.
“Welcome to the show,” I said softly. She swallowed hard and turned her attention to me. “Go grab a human.” She nodded and flashed to the door. She was out in a heartbeat. Evelyn and Avery blew out a breath and started pacing.
“I so prefer our blade in us over this any day,” said Avery.
“He didn’t want blood everywhere,” said Evelyn. “We would all lose it.” She sighed. “And a feeding frenzy is so not cool in public. Been there, done that. Media on our asses? No fucking thanks. Massive clean ups and memory wipes? Fuck you.” I smirked and sat on the edge of the bed. Avery was now standing very still at one corner of the room as she continued to pace. She huffed and came to a stop in front of me.
“Evelyn, sweetie, we all understand,” I said, pulling her down and wrapping my arms around her. Still breathing hard, she relaxed against me.
“It was a bitch, doing it all alone,” she said softly. She took in a deep breath. “Sorry I got a little carried away.” I nodded and let go of her. She got up and went to the door. “I’m going to feed,” she muttered and was gone.
“Should I go after her?” Avery asked.
I shook my head. “No, she’ll be fine. If anything, Taylor is out there.”
“Speaking of Taylor, what did you send her to do? She hasn’t been back for hours.”
“She’s with Ari.”
“Oh.”
“Mmhmm.” I looked to the door as it opened and Jade stepped in. A male human, oblivious to everything, followed her in. The door slammed behind them. I grudgingly got up and went to stand by Avery.
“Where did Evelyn go?” asked Jade.
“She went out.”
She nodded. “What do you want me to do?” she asked nervously, gesturing to the human.
“Bring him to the bed and sit him down.” A sharp pain shot through my head, and Ian’s pissed off voice drummed painfully in my ears. Then he was gone. “Avery, tell her what to do,” I said tightly and was out of there.
Cool fall air greeted me a second later as I appeared at Ian’s side. “Why?” Kira snarled as she struggled to free herself.
“Sorry about that,” said Ian. He tightened his hold on her. “I had to pull her off her victims. I tried to tell her she can’t kill them, but her brain is not taking in anything I’ve told her so far.”
“How many humans has she bitten?” I asked.
“This is her second one. She should be satiated by now.”
“Let. Me. Go,” Kira said through gritted teeth.
“Release her.”
“But—”
“I want to see what she’ll do,” I growled, cutting him off. Ian released her and stepped back. I watched as she lunged for the human, knocking him hard to the ground. The air filled with the scent of his blood, and I groaned. Kira’s fangs descended and tore at his throat. It was a messy bite. A bite meant to kill, and I wasn’t going to have that. I flashed to her and jerked her head back. She snarled as I lifted her off him. “Feed him,” I snarled at Ian. I spun her to face me and pushed her up against the brick wall. “Enough!” I growled. She continued to struggle, slowly pushing my self-control to the snapping point. If she didn’t stop, I might find myself kissing her, because her mouth was full of blood, and hell, I just might kiss her just to get her to focus. “Swallow,” I snarled. She automatically swallowed it and licked the remaining blood off of her lips. “Good.” She was still struggling, and it looked like she wasn’t going to stop anytime soon. “Kira,” I said softly and slowly. “If you don’t snap back to yourself this instant, I am going to bite. You. Do you hear me? And it will. Hurt.” She stiffened and her struggling became less frantic. I watched as her crimson eyes became focused and then widened as she saw me.
“Tristan?” she asked shakily. “Were you really going to bite me?” Behind me, Ian chuckled.
“Yes.”
“He was going to kiss you, too, if you hadn’t swallowed that blood you were savoring,” said Ian.
“Er…” She blushed and looked away. I chuckled and stepped away from her.
“Are you back with us?” I asked. “Or are you ready to test my self-control even more?”
Kira sidestepped and went closer to Ian. “I plan not to test it.”
“Good. Next time, sweetheart, I won’t talk you out of your Bloodlust. I’ll just simply… bite you and let you ride out the pain.” I grabbed her just as she was about to move farther away from me. I pulled her close and tilted her head to look at me. “I won’t even compel you to remember what I’m about to say.”
“I—”
“I’ll say it, simply once.”
“But—”
“I’ll give you three strikes. Three strikes, you’re out. Do you understand, Kira?”
“No.”
“Then I’ll make it very. Clear,” I whispered. “I’ll let your first feeding incident go only because this was your first time at it. The next time you lose yourself, I’ll bite you. The third time you lose it, I’ll just… kill you. Now do you understand?”
“Yes, I do. I can’t be alone then.” She tried to move away, but I held her fast.
“You won’t be, but you’d better tell that brain of yours to listen to every single word your mentor is saying.”
“I—I will,” she stammered. I let her go and nodded to Ian. “Now go with Ian. You have to be registered into the computer.”
“Who should she put for her sire?” asked Ian.
“For now. Unknown.” I moved into the shadows, away from them both. “Call me, if anything else comes up.”
“Thank you, sire.”
I chuckled. “Just remember, I am always here.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

TRYNNADON

Her mind was an open book as I followed her every move down Michigan Avenue. It was mind boggling that a member of the Vampiric Council was along for the ride. It put everyone on edge. One wrong move could cause one of us our heads. “Shit,” Donnica breathed. “This tingling charge in the air is giving me the creeps.” From a distance, we watched as the rogue cornered her victim.
“You know what to do,” Taylor hissed from somewhere in the night.
“Let’s move,” I whispered. Don’t fuck up just because I’m here, Taylor’s voice sang in my head as we flashed behind the rogue. I grabbed her before she could grab for the human.
“What the—?”
“Leave,” I growled. Without another word, he spun around and ran off.
“You lost my meal for the night,” the vampire snarled.
“There are plenty more, I’m sure.”
“Let go of me!”
“So you can go after another human? I don’t think so. You’ve had enough for one night.”
“Not even close,” she hissed.
“You have been summoned, and I was told to bring you before the Council.”
“What?” she spat. “I’ve done nothing wrong to come before them.”
“That’s not what they say.”
“I am not going!”
“Yes, you will,” said Taylor. She stepped into the light and slowly walked over to us.
“Who the hell are you?”
“I am Taylor Tronis.”
“What have I done wrong?”
“You tell me. Tryn let her go.” I released her and stepped back. “You are not to speak until I address you.” Oh fucking shit. I nodded. “That goes for all of you.” Donnica and Eric both nodded. “Ari?” Ari, who was hanging back a few feet, moved up beside her. She handed Taylor a pair of handcuffs and stepped back. “Turn around, rogue.”
“What? I’m not—”
“I said turn around.”
“I didn’t—”
“Turn. Around. Now. Don’t make me tell you again.” The rogue growled and spun around. “Good girl,” she said sweetly. Then the rogue screamed as the cuffs were slapped on her wrist. “If you struggle against these cuffs, you might find yourself missing a hand or two.” Taylor nodded to us and we all stepped closer to her. “Hold hands or something,” she grumbled. “I don’t feel like using my brain at the moment.” I touched her shoulder as Ari put her hand on my arm. Once everybody was touching a part of someone else’s arm or hand, everything went black. In a blink, we were standing in the hallway of a hotel.
“Taylor?” I turned my head to find Tate rounding the corner and walking toward us. He stopped beside us. Taylor turned to face him. She frowned and then nodded.
“I was wondering why I didn’t pick up his presence or anyone else’s,” she grumbled.
“He says to bring her to 261 Washington Avenue. Everybody will be there,” said Tate.
“Why am I always the last to find out?” she muttered. “And why do I have to find that out from someone else?” She sighed. “Thank you, Tate.” She narrowed her eyes and growled. “I am going to kill him.” Huh? Now I was confused. I looked back and forth between Tate, who was trying to hold back a laugh, and Taylor, who was still growling. “Argh, okay, you got the message across.” Suddenly, everything went black once again. She didn’t even bother to tell us to link hands. All conversations ceased as we appeared in front of them. Taylor shot Tristan a glare and walked over to Elijah, who was groaning in pain and cursing. My eyes scanned the room and found a frightened Kira. She was holding a whimpering, struggling little fluff ball in her arms.
“You can’t eat that little puppy,” said Jade. “Kira will kill you.”
“I wasn’t planning to eat her,” I muttered.
“Okay, good, just making sure.”
I nodded. “What’s up with Elijah?”
“Tristan froze his ass from the inside out.”
I winced. “Ouch.”
She nodded. “Now he’s weak as hell and feels like shit.”
“Are you guys done talking?” Tristan asked. Jade and I nodded. “Good, then we can get this started.” He walked over to the rogue and jerked at her cuffs, and she cried out in pain. “Drusilla Turner, welcome to my world of pain and suffering.”
“What have I done wrong?” Drusilla snarled.
“I’m not surprise that it has slipped your mind countless times. Turn around, rogue, and do not make me repeat it.” Drusilla growled and slowly turned around to face the five members of the Council. Tristan frowned at me and nodded to a chair. “You guys can sit.” Donnica, Eric, and I went over and sat down beside Kira. The little mutt whimpered louder and struggled even more frantically. I smirked and patted her head.
“Sorry,” Kira whispered. “She’s usually not like this.”
“Animals are more sensitive,” I said. “It senses danger within us.”
“That’s what I thought,” she grumbled.
“Don’t fuss. She’ll get used to us.” Tristan coughed, returning my attention back to the situation at hand.
“There’s blood in the fridge if anyone’s hungry,” he said. “Oh, and there’s ice pops? I think? Ian?”
“Ah, yeah, there is,” said Ian. “There’s also water and chocolates.” He cleared his throat. “Well, this is Kira’s house so… there’s food.”
Kira frowned. “Please tell me we can eat food?” she asked.
“Yeah, we can, lucky you.”
Tristan shook his head and walked over to us, a stack of papers in his hands. “Here,” he said, handing it to Kira. “Read this. It will answer all your questions.”
She nodded. “Thanks, this will be interesting.” He smiled and walked back to the rogue who was standing very still and with a blank look on her face.
“Now, back on the topic of the night.” He stared at the rogue. A second later, she snapped back to life.
“What did you do to me?” Drusilla hissed, launching herself at him. Tristan sighed and grabbed a hold of the cuffs. She screamed as blood began to drip from the cuffs. She stopped struggling. He released her and she dropped to the floor, whimpering.
“To answer your question, I took your ability to sense things from you.” Still whimpering, she glared up at him. “I know. That was mean of me.” He smiled. “Do you know why you’re here?”
“No, I don’t,” she hissed.
“You really don’t know why you are here?” She shook her head rapidly. “You are before the Council. Now why would we summon you?”
“I broke the law?”
“Mmhmm, now what law did you break?”
“None,” she growled. “Now let me go.”
He inclined his head. “I say different, Turner,” he growled. “Who is your sire?”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
In a blur of movements, Tristan had her up against the wall. She shrieked as the cuffs fell away. One of her hands was halfway ripped off. Beside me, Kira whimpered. “Who. Is. Your. Sire?”
“David Pessie,” she gasped.
“Ah, we took him out seventy-five years ago.” He released her and stepped back. He tossed the cuffs to Tate. “Do me a favor and clean that up. Make sure nothing is broken?”
“Yes sir,” he said and turned to Kira. “Want to accompany me?” he asked her. “You don’t look comfortable watching all this.”
Kira shook her head. “Thank you for asking, but I think I can stomach it.”
Tate smiled. “That’s the spirit,” he said and disappeared into the kitchen.
Tristan smirked. “You guys hang around me too much,” he muttered.
“That’s because we like you,” said Ian. “And did you remove her senses again?” he asked, staring at Drusilla.
Tristan chuckled. “Sorry,” he said.
“Stop that,” Drusilla growled.
“I will if you stop thinking of an escape plan, because it’s not going to work.”
She snarled. “You have no right to listen in on my thoughts,” she growled.
Tristan sighed. “Unlike you, sweetheart, I can’t block out voices completely.” He looked thoughtful. “On second thought, I take that back. I can, but I never block it out completely.”
“You should start now,” she hissed.
He smirked. “You’re telling me what to do? You?” She remained silent as he continued to stare at her. “I should suffocate you for that.”
“We don’t need to breathe,” she said, glaring at him.
“I know. However, you've never been drained of blood before. Have you?” She gulped. “I thought not.” He sighed. “Drusilla Turner, you are brought before us for the draining of Kristin Taros to death a month ago.” He narrowed his eyes. “Do you remember, rogue?”
“How do you know who I kill and don’t kill?” she snarled.
“I have eyes and ears everywhere, sweetheart. Nothing goes unnoticed, no matter how hard you try to hide it,” he growled.
“What are you going to do about it?”
“Good question. What should we do with you?”
“What are they going to do?” Kira whispered as low as she could into my ear. They will kill her, I mentally whispered back to her. “Oh,” she breathed and leaned back on the couch. I’ve never seen a Council killing before, so it might be bloody.
“What should we do with you?” Tristan repeated. “Hmm. You do know what happens if a vampire drains an innocent, don’t you?”
Panic came over Drusilla’s face as the answer finally hit her. “Please, please don’t,” she gasped. “I beg of you. Please don’t kill me.”
“So you do know what happens,” said Tristan. Elijah groaned as he slowly got up with the help of Taylor and Evelyn. The four walked over to Tristan, readying themselves for the kill. Still begging for her life, they dragged her away from the wall and to the back door. “Outside,” said Tristan. He turned to the rest of us. “Come or stay.” Kira and I got up and followed them outside into the backyard. Kira grumbled and opened the gate to the dog house and put the little pup inside, shutting the gate and locking it. She barked once and turned away from us. I hissed as a gurgling shriek rent the night air, turning in time to see blood coming out of Drusilla’s eyes, ears, nose, mouth, and what not, and writhing in pain.
“Holy shit,” Kira screeched. “What are they doing to her? And so much blood,” she groaned. She backed further away from the blood and dropped to the ground. I quickly glanced at Tristan, Evelyn, Avery, Taylor, and Elijah, the danger-better-run-alarm running through my head. They all looked like they were about to pounce at any moment. Suddenly, Ari, Ian, Adalyn, and Tate were in front of us.
“Jayr, Loria, this goes for both of you, too!” Adalyn shouted over Drusilla’s shrieks. “When I say run, run! Kira, get up!” Kira flashed to my side and nodded rapidly, her eyes still fixed on the blood. Suddenly, Drusilla’s shrieks were cut off abruptly. Only snarls and growls filled my ears. I gasped as Drusilla’s body combusted into a million pieces as more blood, flesh, and bones went flying. Evelyn flicked her gaze to me, her fangs bared. I grabbed Kira.
“Run!” Adalyn and I both shouted. I flashed to the fence and jumped it.
“Tristan and Evelyn are closing in,” Kira whimpered.
“Don’t stop,” I said, darting across the street, pulling her with me. Shit, a fucking teleportation would be extremely helpful right about now, but no, not going to happen. “Ari!” Ari changed direction and came at us at lightning speed. “How do we calm them?”
“Well, they have to feed.”
“No shit,” I growled. “Tell me something we don’t already know?”
“Okay, we have to wrestle them into submission and use their own blade on them.”
“What’s the point of running then?”
“Hey, I don’t want to wreck Kira’s house, so we are headed to that house over there.” She pointed to a blue-roofed house and nodded. Good thing there were no neighbors around. “Come on, run faster. Adalyn and I got the humans under control.” She handed me a stun gun. “A combination of poisons and other stuff. It will weaken them. But they will strike no matter what we do.”
“Wow, how many times have you been in this situation?”
“Last time? Seventy-five years ago.”
“I’m surprise they didn’t lose it at the slaughter weeks ago.”
“Yeah, that’s because they got blood here and there.”
“Of course,” I muttered.
“And before you ask, they aren’t catching us because—”
“We’re all mentally attacking them,” I finished for her as I mentally tossed Evelyn a good distance away from us.
“Right. And they are not fighting back because—”
“They are trying to restrain themselves.”
Ari huffed. “I wish.” We finally arrived at the house, and the door flew open before we were up the driveway. Once inside, I let go of Kira. Kira spun around to face the open door as more vampires flew in after us. “Okay, be prepared to grab them first before they grab us. Tate, Ian, are they close?”
“They are, Ari. They definitely are,” said Tate. “Or Tristan is.”
“Okay, that means his brothers and sisters are with him, too.” A flash of silver flew through the doorway. I caught it and hissed in pain as the blade made contact with one of my fingers.
“Fucking shit,” I gritted out.
“You have to make sure you grab only the hilt,” said Adalyn.
“Argh, yeah, you think?” Then Evelyn was in the doorway. So it was her that threw it.
“Stab me,” she snarled. “Or die.” She looked in my direction and lunged for me. I struck out, stabbing her in the stomach. She screamed and dropped to the floor. Damn, it really must of fucking hurt.
“Tryn!” Ari shouted. I pulled out the blade and flashed to Avery. We collided in midair. One hand around his neck, I squeezed until he couldn’t growl at me. Pain exploded in my head, forcing me to let go and fall to the floor. Mother. Fucker. He was on me in a blink. Jayr pulled the blade from me, and as I fought to keep his mouth from me, she stabbed him in the back. He screamed and more blood poured onto me. I pushed him off of me and got up. I bent down and rummaged through his pockets until I found what felt like a switchblade and pulled it out. Another pained scream drummed in my ears. I turned to find Tristan with a blade in his arm. Jayr pulled it out and stabbed him for a second time, and this time he went down. I pulled the blade from its protective sleeve and slid the safety block away, pushing out the lethal blade. Before I knew what I was doing, I found the blade buried in Taylor. I blinked and shook my head. Thank the world for instincts. The only sound was coming from Elijah. He was already on the floor, but I didn’t see any open wound on him. His eyes flickered to the blades pointed at him.
“Don’t even bother,” he groaned. “I recommend you shoot them now while they’re unconscious.”
I frowned. “What about you? Not going to attack us while our backs are turned, are you?”
He hissed and let out a chuckle. “Think about it, Tryn. I couldn’t even if I wanted to. You can thank Tristan for that later.”
“Damn, I feel bad for you,” I said, smirking.
He smiled. “Liar. Tristan is waking up.” We all spun around and flashed over to him. “Better feed him now.” Ian opened his wrist and pried open Tristan’s mouth, letting the blood flow down his throat. Jayr grunted and lifted his head. Elijah laughed. “You owe me. I’m holding them asleep for you.”
“No wonder,” I muttered.
“Mmm, yes, they would have been awake long before now. I’m going to release Avery and Evelyn.” I looked over at Evelyn in time to see Loria pulling away and licking her wrist closed. Her eyes popped opened and then narrowed at the pool of blood everywhere.
“Wow,” she groaned. “Let me go, Elijah.”
“So you can bite one of us?”
“I give you my word that I won’t bite anyone.”
He smirked. “Alright then.” Evelyn slowly got up and went to the door and opened it. She inhaled the cool fresh air.
“Uh, hey, guys? I’m going to rob the blood bank here. We’re going to need it,” said Loria. She flashed to the door and was out of there. I’m running by the hotel to grab the coolers first, she said in my head.
“Smart move,” said Jayr. “Hope she comes back with the coolers first.”
“Oh, she will,” said Donnica.
“She’d better.”
“Shut up,” said Elijah. “You’re annoying me. Do something worthwhile and clean up this mess before I lick it off of the floor.” He made a disgusted sound. “And to make things even more interesting? If I were not weak and feeling like hell, none of you would be standing right about now. So get a move on.” I grunted. Elijah’s eyes met mine and flashed white just for a heartbeat. Blinking, I turned my head to Donnica, who was beside me… or tried to at least. I let out a growl as he held my gaze. I tensed. “No one is interrupting, because Evelyn is controlling them. They think you went after Loria.”
“I presume that you want something from me,” I muttered.
His eyes widened. “Going to conclusion already? Tisk, tisk.”
I sighed. “I hate you.”
“Do you really?” He pushed himself to a sitting position. “Awww, what have I ever done to deserve such?”
“Well, one, you are about to bite me.”
His eyes narrowed. “And two?” I remained silent and continued to stare into his eyes. He smiled. Then everything went black. What the? The air was suffocating and cold. Uh, where the hell was I? To make things more complicated, I couldn’t see shit. Shadows, my friend, shadows. Elijah's amused voice boomed inside my head. Or should I say darkness? Cloak of darkness? The abyss? The void? Son of a bitch. I know. I growled. Get out of my head. My pleasure. The darkness closed tighter around me. I hissed in pain at what felt like a million knives slicing me to pieces. “Sorry,” said Elijah, out loud this time. He was so not sorry in the slightest. Now that? I was pretty sure about. He chuckled, and I was jerked forward. That asshole. “You don’t mind being drained do you?” he asked. Ah, yes, I do? He sighed heavily. Then everything was like a fucking roller coaster ride as the ground under me fell away, and I went this way and that way at lightning speed. I didn’t know which way was up and which way was down. Then I was slammed hard to the ground. Air whooshed out of me. I groaned as pain finally registered. Blinking several times, I found myself staring up at a ceiling. I was definitely somewhere else.
“Where did you bring me?” I hissed. There was a long silence, and for a moment, I didn’t think he was going to answer me.
“Is that relevant?” Not really, but still. I sat up and groaned as my head spun. “I don’t think it is either.” The air stirred and he was looming over me. He bent down and pulled the knife that I realized I was still clutching from my hand. “I think Avery would like to have his weapon back.” I heard metal against metal as he closed it and slid the safety block back in place. Then he reached down and pulled me up.
I grunted. “Weak my ass,” I muttered.
He laughed softly. “You might not think I’m weak, Tryn, but I am. And?” He jerked me hard, and I fell against him. Fucker. “Since you are the oldest out of the bunch besides my siblings and me?” He pulled back and tilted my head, baring my throat. “I’d very much like to have my full strength back,” he whispered, and before I could protest or move, the sharp stinging pain at my neck sent all thoughts out the window, and I was down for the count.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

SAMANTHA

Balancing my weight on the balcony rail, I watched as a family came out of the house across the street. My hands twitched ever so slightly. I was extremely hungry. For some reason, I got the feeling that I was being watched, but by who and why? A nagging feeling at the back of my mind was screaming at me to be very careful, but I couldn’t put my finger on what and why. I was probably paranoid for all I knew. I sighed and jumped off the railing. I hit the ground in a crouch. Straightening, I looked around. There it was again, the feeling of being watched. What the hell? Reaching out with all of my senses, I searched. Stiffening, I slowly turned around and looked up. It was another vampire. Of course it would be. She smiled and leaped over the railing, landing beside me. “Hi,” she said.
I frowned at her. “Hi,” I said. I narrowed my eyes suspiciously. “Were you the one following me around?” She shrugged, pushing her blonde hair from her face. “Why?” I asked. She shrugged again. I sighed, giving up. I wasn’t going to get a straight answer from her. “At least tell me what your name is?”
“I’m Raina, Raina Luellen, and you are…”
“Samantha Branson.”
She held her hand out to me. I took it. “Nice to meet you,” she said.
“Nice to meet you, too.”
She jerked her head toward the direction of the house across the street. “I’ll join you, if you like?”
“Sure.”
She gestured for me to go first. “Lead the way.” I led her across the street and around the back. The son looked up. He looked to be around eighteen with shoulder length blue hair and piercings, not to mention tattoos. He wore dark clothes. Hmm, a goth kid or a rock star? I sniffed the air and wrinkled my nose. Of course, he was on drugs. Surprise, surprise. “You can have him,” Raina whispered in my ear. I shook my head. No thanks. She smirked. I narrowed my eyes on the father. His eyes glazed over as my compulsion washed over him. He leaned over and spoke softly to his son and walked over to us. I pulled him deeper into the shadows. Leaning in, I sank my fangs deep in his neck. Before he could scream, I silenced him. I held back a moan as I pulled the sweet blood down my throat. He went limp, but I kept going. I couldn’t stop. Not even when I felt a hard poke in my side. Then I found myself being pulled away, hard. I hit the ground. Pain exploded in my head and stars danced before my eyes. I tried to sit up, but an invisible force pinned me to the ground. I stopped struggling and looked around. Suddenly, Raina was standing over me. She licked the blood off her lips and growled. “You almost killed him,” she softly hissed. “How long has this been going on, Sam?”
“I don’t know,” I choked out.
Her eyes narrowed. “If you don’t know, then this has been going on for quite a while.” The weight lifted, but I didn’t make a move to get up. I was still hungry. “Get up.” I slowly got up, and before I could take a step forward, my arms were pinned to my sides. I didn’t even see her move. Damn, she was fast. “Don’t struggle or I’ll have to knock you out.”
I nodded. “Who are you?” Then everything went black. I blinked. What the fuck? “What the hell just happened?” I looked around. I was in a room full of boxes and crates.
“We were just teleported,” she said. She let me go and nodded to one of the crates. “I was hoping we were teleported to somewhere nicer, but I don’t get to make that choice.” She sighed. “Sit.” I sat down and waited. I got the feeling to remain silent unless otherwise instructed. “I am Raina Luellen, as you already know. I am a watcher.” A what? She smiled. “I keep a look out for rogue vampires.” I stiffened. She chuckled. “What do you know about vampire politics?”
“I know that there are rules to be followed.”
“That’s it?” She stared at me for a long time. My skin crawled. Something wasn’t right. “Who is your sire?”
I jerked back. “W-what?”
“Who is your sire?” she repeated.
“Delilah.”
She stiffened. “Delilah Carr?” I nodded. “Do you know where she is?”
I shook my head. “I have no idea.”
She growled and nodded stiffly. “Well, here are the basics. There are the enforcers. They are the ones that enforce the law. They are also judge, jury, and executioner. They are also known as the Vampiric Council. Then there are the hunters. I believe you know what their job is?” I nodded. “They hunt down rogues and bring them before the Council. Hunters can also do the executing if given permission. Then there are the watchers like me.” She smirked. “I am given a name, address, and a brief background of a rogue, and then I watch from a distance and report back to the enforcers.”
“Why did you show yourself to me then?”
She shrugged. “I was told to speak to you.” I nodded. “And last, there are the protectors. Their job is to protect the streets from both humans and vampires, because humans kill humans. When that happens, there’s blood, and when there is blood, vampires come snooping, and so on. You get the idea.”
I nodded and sighed. “I guess you have to report me,” I grumbled.
“Yeah, I have to.”
“But I’m not a rogue.”
“That’s not what I’ve been told.”
“But—”
“I’m only doing my job.” I sighed. She held her hand out to me. “Come on, I’ll take you home.”

RAINA

I lingered on the doorstep of Samantha Branson’s house a minute longer before turning around. No words were exchanged as I flew her home. We just nodded to each other before she closed the door and locked it. Shaking my head, I launched myself into the sky. Moving at lightning speed, it wasn’t long before I landed in front of the house they were currently occupying. My senses went on hyper-awareness as waves of energy crashed into me. The heavy scent of blood filled the air. Shuddering, I went up the walkway and knocked. I winced as one of the energies grew stronger as it got closer. I backed up a few steps as the door slowly opened. “Welcome, Luellen.” I held back a whimper as the raspy, whispery voice of Tristan sent my brain into overdrive.
“Tristan,” I whispered.
“Please, come in, Raina.” I swallowed and slowly went inside. The house was dark. I couldn’t see any vampires around, but the energy level in that place was supercharged. Taking a deep breath, I slowly turned as the door slowly closed and locked.
“Who’s all here?” I asked, still whispering.
“Only Evelyn and me.” Rubbing my arm, I turned and walked into the living room. Going over to the couch, I sat down. I once again scanned my surroundings and found Tristan staring at me, and it wasn’t a look I liked at all. At least he wasn’t invisible anymore. In a flash, he was on me. I gave a small scream, and a growl from him shut me right up, but I couldn’t get myself to slow down my breathing or my frantic heart. Thanks to the wall, we didn’t flip over. Now that would have been bad. I didn’t bother to push him off of me. No point in trying. “Tell me,” he whispered in my ear. I opened my mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Damn it. “Tell me,” he repeated. I gasped as his cold hand rested on the side of my neck, moving up to my jaw and turning my head to look at him. I cringed as his eyes found mine. I flinched as the tips of his fangs peeked over his lower lip. He so wanted to drain me, badly. A pale hand rested on his shoulder. I looked up to find Evelyn looking down at me.
“Raina,” she whispered. “Tell us.”
“She almost killed someone, and I told her about each of the ranks. She claims that she’s not a rogue.” Evelyn nodded. “That’s all.” I stiffened as Tristan inhaled me. He growled and nodded.
“Nice work, Luellen,” he breathed against my neck. Then cold air hit me as he released me. Evelyn hissed as she was thrown against the wall, and she was knocked out before my mind registered that Tristan even moved. He turned to me and slowly made his way over. I flashed to my feet and flashed across the room, only to have his hands around my neck. I gasped as my back slammed against the wall. He released me, but I couldn’t move an inch. I was trapped. “There’s one thing you haven’t mention, Raina.” There was? He laughed darkly. “Delilah Carr.” Shit, that’s right. How the fuck did I forget asking Branson about her sire? “You tell me,” he growled, and I held my breath as he leaned in and slowly sank his fangs in my neck. I hissed and then gasped as my neck started to burn. I felt hot and cold, and the starting of my own hunger. He gave one last pull of my blood and pulled back. My hand automatically went up to catch the trickle of blood. I stuck my fingers in my mouth and licked the little bit of blood off. I heard a groan, and I turned to the sound. Uh oh, Evelyn’s eyes opened, and her gaze locked on Tristan. He smiled. “Don’t even think about it, sister,” he hissed at her.
“I. Will. Get. You. Back. For. That,” she growled.
“I can hardly wait.”
I sniffed in irritation. “I’m still here?”
“I am well aware of that,” he drawled. He leaned in and hissed low in my ear. “Keep a close eye on her. From now on, you will not reveal yourself to her.”
I nodded. “I will.”
“Wonderful. Then you are done here,” he said. Then the world tilted, and I fell into darkness. Thank you for your two-thousand-year-old worth of vitality, Raina. I appreciate it. He whispered in my head as I hit the ground hard, knocking the air right out of me. Anytime, Tristan, Anytime. I mentally gasped as I pulled myself into a sitting position and looked around, but before I could get a good look at where I was, the air around me stirred.
“Raina, Raina, Raina.” I squeaked. Shit, not another Tronis. “Why has my brother ported you to me?” Elijah growled low in his throat. I swallowed. “Hmm?” he continued when I remained silent.
“I, I don’t know,” I said softly.
“He didn’t simply port you to me so that I can feed, did he?”
I gulped. “I’ve already been fed on,” I muttered.
He chuckled. “I know. I can smell him all over you.” Uh, okay, I so didn’t need to know that. He laughed. “Of course.” I pushed myself off of the floor and turned to look at him. He smirked. “Don’t trust me to be at your back?”
I stiffened. “Not in the slightest.” I frowned. “But it doesn’t matter where you stand,” I muttered. “With that speed of yours.”
“Yet, it never fails to amaze you, does it?” I shook my head and backed up as he advanced on me. He grunted in annoyance and grabbed me before I could make a run for it. I gasped in pain as he tightened his hold on me. “Not so fast,” he whispered. I quickly glanced up at him, but looked away as a warning to be careful flashed in my mind. He laughed. “Oh, sweet Raina, you wouldn’t have a choice, if I really wanted to compel you.” I shivered. That was true enough.
“What do you want with me?”
“I simply want nothing with you.” I stiffened as I heard chains hitting the floor. “Do you mind being my test subject?”
“What?” I spluttered.
He chuckled. “Since you are the only one here, I am asking if you would like to be my test subject.”
“Is that why—?”
“No, Raina. My brother ported you to me for another reason.” He let go of me and went over to the chains lying on the floor, picking them up. “And besides, I need a strong vampire to test this on. Being that you are two thousand three hundred fifty-seven years old, I think you might be able to handle it. And if you can? I’d need to increase it.”
“Why don’t you test it on one of your brothers or sisters?”
“I would, but they’re not here and you are.” He cocked his head to the side as if listening to something. “Well, not anymore.” He strode to the door and pulled it open. A minute later, another vampire stood on the doorstep.
“You know,” she huffed. “That hearing of yours is creepy.” Her eyes went passed him to look at me. “Uh, hey.”
“Hey,” I said.
She turned back to Elijah. “Audri, Ian, Tate, Ari, and Jade are on surveillance.”
He nodded and stepped to the side. “Come in.” Once she was inside, he closed the door and went into the kitchen. The visitor and I followed. I slumped on the counter and watched them both. “Raina, this is Jayr. Jayr, Raina.” We nodded to each other, and a smile flashed for a brief second. Elijah muttered something and opened the cooler that was sitting on the counter next to the sink. He pulled out a blood bag and before I knew it, it was shoved into my hand. I took it gratefully and tore it open, ignoring the coldness of it as it went down my throat. I blinked, realizing that both Jayr and Elijah were watching me curiously. “Hungry much?” Elijah asked. I nodded. “Want another?”
“Yeah, one more.” He tossed another bag to me. I caught it and ripped into it.
“My, my,” he drawled and tossed another one to me. That time, I slowly drained it. Elijah tugged the empty bag from my hands and dropped it back into the cooler. “What about you, Valintin? Any for you?”
“No thank you, Tronis,” said Jayr. “I fed before coming here.”
“Good.” He slammed the cooler shut and turned to her. “You have something for me.”
Jayr shuddered. “Stop that,” she said, reaching into her pocket and pulling something out. She held it out to him. I frowned at the little bottle that held what looked a lot like blood inside it. He took it and opened it.
“Give Tristan my thanks, if you see him first.” She nodded. I watched as he tipped the bottle over and let out a tiny amount of blood. Jayr and I gasped as it sizzled the moment it made contact with his hand. Elijah snarled in pain before capping the bottle and pocketing it.
“Are you okay?” Jayr asked.
“I will heal,” he growled. “It was supposed to burn.”
“But ouch.”
“Indeed,” he sighed. We followed him back into the living room. He picked up the chains and nodded to me. “So?”
“Is it going to hurt?” I asked.
“Why do you ask such a question, Raina?” Oh shit, so it was going to hurt after all.
“Because, everything involving you always involves pain in one form or another,” I grumbled.
He laughed. “You know us too well.”
Jayr winced. “Leave me out of this.”
Elijah smirked. “Why? It would be more fun if you participated.”
“I don’t feel like screaming so the whole world can hear me.”
“Ah, have it your way then, Valintin.”
“I will, Tronis.”
He chuckled and walked over to me. “Raina?”
“Yeah, I’ll do it,” I said, wondering if I’d just made the biggest mistake of the night.
He came closer. “You. Just. Did,” he whispered, and in a blink, agonizing pain took me over as one of the chains touched me, wrapping itself around my neck.
“What the hell?” I gasped. “What did you coat this thing with?”
“Poison. And blood.”
“Fucking. Shit,” I groaned. “Yours?”
“And the rest of my siblings.”
“Holy fucking shit,” I said, panting. “You. Are. Fucking. Scary. If I haven’t said that before, I’m saying it now.” I snarled and yanked the chain off of me.
“So glad I stayed out of it,” Jayr muttered.
“Ugh… never again,” I said, rubbing my uninjured hand on my neck. “Never. Again.”
“As you wish,” said Elijah. “One more thing before you two take off, because I’m kicking you both out of here.”
“What?” I asked.
“Tecrayle.”
“Tecrayle?” I said in confusion.
“Yes, find him.”
I blinked. “Tecrayle is a name? What the fuck?”
He smiled. “It is.” He pointed to the door. “Find him. And bring him to me.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

SAMANTHA

It was an hour or so later, and here I was, still thinking about Raina and her words. I sighed. Fuck you, Delilah, just fuck you. I banged my head against the wall and flashed into the kitchen. Yanking the refrigerator door open, I snatched a blood bag and ripped it open, downing it in a matter of seconds, tossing it in the garbage can before going to stand by the window and peering out into the night. It was probably what? Three-thirty in the morning? Sighing, I moved away from the window, only to look back as a glint of silver caught the light. I froze as a vampire moved out of the shadows, getting closer and closer to where I was. A foot from the window, he bent and picked up the silver blade. He straightened and tapped on the glass. Open the window, Branson. I backed away, shaking my head. I was no way letting a stranger in, not without a good reason. I came to an abrupt stop as he growled. Covering my ears as if it would help, I turned and pushed him out of my head. He pushed right back, and pain shot throughout my whole body. I gave a small scream and slapped the wall to keep from falling. I can stand out here for as long as I have to, Samantha. Either you let me in willingly, or I break in, your choice. I tried to push him out again, but it felt like pushing against a brick wall. I growled in frustration. He must have been a very powerful one to keep me from pushing him from my head. Even an older vampire would have shown some signs that I pushed him out, but when I turned back to the window, still pushing at him, he didn’t wince in pain or show any strain that he was pushing back. I shuddered. Why? I finally asked. Because I prefer not to shout for the whole of Chicago to hear. I meant why should I invite you in? I have questions that need answering. I glared at him. Right, have you heard of a telephone or a computer? He glared right back. I find that insulting, Sam. He said in amusement. Staring into his eyes, I gave him my coldest look. Or you could have called and told me first? I growled. He shrugged. I could have, but what fun would that be, if you knew I was coming? He inclined his head, waiting, but before I could answer, my vision blurred. I blinked, or tried to. He moved closer to the window. Hasn’t your sire taught you anything at all? He shook his head as if already knowing the answer. Now. He tapped on the window again. Open up. As if I were a robot, I moved to the window and pushed it open. Move away. I did just that, never breaking eye contact with him as he came in and closed the window. “It was about time,” he said. His voice sounded so far away. I blinked and shook my head, frowning as I noticed he was inside and not outside like he should have been.
“I didn’t invite you in,” I growled.
He smirked. “You’re right, you didn’t. I compelled you to open the window for me.”
“But—”
“I know, I know, vampires can’t compel other vampires, but I can.”
“How?”
“It’s like compelling a human, only it works the same on vampires.”
“Wonderful,” I groaned.
“Tell me about it.”
I cursed and dropped into a chair. “Who are you?”
“Does it really matter?” He sighed. “Don’t answer that. I’m Elijah.”
“Elijah… who?”
His eyes narrowed, and a wave of unnerving energy washed over me. “That’s all you need to know,” he whispered.
I gulped and nodded, a dreadful feeling coming over me, my stomach churning with the realization that this could very well be the Elijah Tronis I was hoping not to ever meet. If he was reading my mind, he didn’t give any reaction to my thoughts, which were loud and clear at the moment. “What do you want?”
“I’ll make this fast since you’re off to California in a couple of hours,” he said.
I stiffened. “How do you know that?”
“I know everything, Samantha. I have eyes and ears all over the place.” That admission only made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end, not such a great feeling at all. He leaned against the window and crossed his arms in a casual pose. “Do you remember the day of May 17, 2005?”
I frowned. “What day is that?”
He stared at me hard. “You don’t remember that day at all, do you?”
“If anything special happened that day, I would remember it. It’s hard to forget.”
He smiled. “Exactly.” He straightened and was in front of me before my brain could even register it. I gasped and slid my chair back so fast that it made a loud scraping sound against the floor. Elijah winced and hissed at me. “Don’t. Move,” he growled. Before I knew it, the tip of the blade was under my chin, and holy fucking shit, did it burn like a son of a bitch. “It will burn even more if it… simply… well, cut you. Even the smallest cut possible will make you wish for death.” I squeaked. He removed it and replaced it with his hand. He lifted my head to look up at him. Once again, my vision blurred. “What do you remember about May 17, 2005?”
“I don’t remember anything happening on that day,” I said in a monotone.
“Very well then, you won’t remember seeing me out the window. You won’t remember letting me into your house, and you won’t remember having this conversation with me. You won’t remember any of it.”
“I don’t remember anything at all.”
“You don’t.” Then everything went black.

TRISTAN

“Such a pity.”
“Mmm, I am not surprise,” I drawled. Elijah sighed. “What?”
“It’s there, but if I break her, it will kill her.”
“Well, you think I don’t know that?”
He growled. “I know you know that, just pointing it out.”
“Where have you sent Raina and Jayr?”
“Tecrayle.”
“Ah.”
He glared at me. “You could have told them yourself. Why have me be the one to send them out?”
I shrugged. “I sent them to be your test subjects for one.”
“You are such an ass. I should have known.”
I smirked. “What was the phrase you said to me before coming here? Oh yeah… ‘I know you, too well, brother. More than you will ever know.’ Did I get that right?”
“Oh, fuck you, Tristan.” I chuckled and leapt from the roof and ran.
Trees, houses, buildings, cars were all a blur as Elijah and I headed for downtown. Jumping on the roof of a building, we watched two vampires exiting another building across the street. One was female and her companion was a male. Dirty brown hair billowing in the wind and fangs on display for the world to see, she leaned in and kissed him passionately. Oh, please, please, please tell me that they’re not going to fuck right in front of us, Elijah mentally said in disgust. I’m going to puke if they do. A moment later, they broke apart and continued walking. Elijah sighed in relief, and we both jumped down to follow them. It would have been fun to watch if they weren’t stinking up the air and looking like they’d crawled out of a mud bath. Oh, yes, they reeked of old, stale blood and other shit to top it off. Rounding into a quiet part of the neighborhood, the pair flew up to the window of one of the houses and opened it. If a drop of blood is spilled, I’m going to kill someone, I growled. Now-now brother, no killing the innocent, remember? I ignored him and watched as the male vampire pulled a baby from her crib and flew out the window with her. The smell of the infant’s blood was like a fucking aphrodisiac. I held back a hiss, just barely. Elijah’s mental growling was definitely not helping in the slightest. The infant was passed to the female, and she cooed to it softly. Oh, fuck me, I snarled. Yeah, this wasn’t in the report at all. Without another thought, I launched myself at them. Elijah snatched the infant and held the female in a chokehold. The other vampire bucked beneath me, trying to throw me off. I turned my head just in time to avoid a punch to the face. I caught his fist effortlessly and pinned it against the pavement. He snarled and tried to bite me. Looked like luck wasn’t on his side as I grabbed his head and slammed it down hard. Elijah winced as his head cracked open. I got off of him and grabbed the female from Elijah and nodded to the infant. Get her back to where she belongs. He flashed inside, and I turned to the female struggling in my arms. I leaned in and growled low in her ear. “You. Your boyfriend. And I. Have matters. To settle,” I whispered. “Not a sound or I’ll rip his poor head right off so fast before your mind even registered what happen.” I slipped into her mind and plucked out her name. “Do we understand each other, Cassie?” She stiffened. “Nod if you do. Poor Lucas won’t even have a chance to defend himself. It would be such a bummer to his ego.” Fear poured off of her in waves. Eyes widened, she nodded. “Very good.” The squeaking of a window closing made me look up. Cute nursery, Elijah mentally grunted, walking over to us. Wasn’t aware? I asked. He shook his head. Nope. I sighed. Good, because I am ready to get out of here. Grab him. He went over to the male vampire and snatched him up, cursing when he spotted the small pool of blood on the ground. Well, what are we to do with that? He asked, giving Cassie a hard look. I flipped her over so that she was looking at it, too. She made a small sound and struggled even more. I grabbed the back of her neck and squeezed. “Lick it up,” I whispered in her ear. “As foul as you are, I’m sure it won’t be… a problem for you to lap it up, seeing that you do it every time you see blood on the ground. This one… is no different.” She hissed and tried to bite me like her boyfriend, but a quick plunge of my fangs to the side of her head froze her in mid-strike as pain took over. Only a quick mental squeeze to her voice box prevented her from crying out. Fresh blood slowly made its way down her face, forming a pool on her neck. “Do it. Or I’ll make you,” I snarled. Her whimpers still loud in my head, she bent to the blood and licked it up until there was not a drop left. Grabbing a fistful of her hair, I jerked her head back and teleported.
Back in the so-called rental house, I threw her away from me with so much force that she went through the wall and into the next room. Her anguished screams of pain reverberated throughout the house. “Someone is in a good mood this morning.” Evelyn’s cheerful voice flowed to my ears from another part of the house. “Did you bring them for me? I hope not, because they don’t smell so appetizing.” She appeared in the entryway of the living room and sniffed the air. “She doesn’t look too good there.” She gestured to the gaping hole in the wall. “But I think her boyfriend’s not in such good shape himself if I say so myself.”
I sighed heavily. “Are you quite done?”
She laughed. “Quite not just yet.” I growled as she went to the wall and ducked through the hole. Elijah and I took the long way in through the actual door and stopped beside the unconscious Cassie. “Hmm… I caught baby and you’re going to pay for this before she screamed bloody murder and zoned out. What was that all about?”
“They were going to eat one,” said Elijah.
She stiffened. “Why am I not surprised,” she sighed. “Babies are too cute to be eaten.”
I laughed. “Yes, and their blood is just too tempting to be ignored.”
She snorted. “So you say.” She turned to the open door. “Do it quickly. The others will be here in like half an hour and you know how Kira is around blood.”
“You’re not going to stick around?” Elijah asked.
“I would, but I’m following up on Branson’s flight itinerary.” I pulled out my phone and checked the time. “And I am going outside to do it, because talking while fangs are digging at your lower lip is painful and so not a great distraction. You might as well spit blood and garble your words while at it.”
“Okay, okay, please go away now,” I said annoyed. “We got it loud and clear.”
“Good, and Tristan?”
“What?”
“Try not to make a mess.” I stared at her. “I’m just saying.” She shifted uncomfortably as I continued to stare at her. “I just don’t want you seeing red. The others are coming here, remember? And if you are seeing red, it will take twenty of us to restrain you.” I winced. “And hurting you only makes things worse. Look, if we were not planning to port to California, I wouldn’t even bother.”
I grunted. “Okay fine, I’ll play nice. I promise.”
“Same goes for you, Elijah.” She gave us one last look and disappeared.
Sighing, I turned to Elijah. Smirking, I pointed to his hands. “Wait until she wakes up before you take his head,” I said.
He blinked and looked down. “Oh shit.” He removed his hands, which were covered in blood from Lucas’s neck. Blood flowed freely from the gaping wounds left by Elijah’s fingers and slid quickly to the floor. I caught him before he could hit the floor. Slipping into his head, I pulled him swiftly from unconsciousness. He woke up with a scream and thrashed wildly. Jabbing a finger in one of the wounds, I snarled at him. Before I could do anything else, another scream blasted my eardrums.
“Fucking son of a bitch!” Elijah snarled. I watched as he pulled her up and drove his fangs deep in her neck. She screamed even louder. I spun Lucas around just in time for him to see her neck being torn open. Her screams died out in a gurgle as her windpipe severed. Elijah withdrew and spat the mouthful of blood out and turned to eye Lucas with a daring look. “Speechless?” he whispered. “Damn it,” he sighed. “They’re here.”
I nodded. “In that case?” I punched my hand inside Lucas’s chest and ripped out his heart. Elijah growled and grabbed Cassie. She was headless a split second later. He grabbed the dead Lucas from me and threw him on top of Cassie. Not a moment later, I could smell smoke issuing from both of the dead bodies. “Try not to burn the house down,” I said, and turned just as the door opened.
“Ooo, burning flesh,” Loria said cheerfully.
“Don’t have to get all excited over it,” I muttered. “As I recall, you don’t—”
“Don’t remind me,” she said quickly.
I smiled. “As you wish. Elijah, take it outside.”
“Yes, brother.” A second later, he and the bodies disappeared.
“Rogues?” Loria asked. I nodded. “Yeah, I saw Tate and Ian up against a dozen of them behind the bar before coming here.” I stiffened. “Don’t worry, don’t worry,” she said quickly as my energy power rocketed a few notches. “I took out two before calling for backups.”
“Who did you call?” I asked through gritted teeth as a sharp pain registered in my stomach which quickly went away as the mental blockage went back up.
“I called Jayr. She and this girl showed up, and they jumped in without even saying hi to me.” I smirked and nodded. “How long do you—?” A strong scent of blood filled the air. Before I knew it, I was at the opened front door. My eyes narrowed and everything turned red as Jayr, Raina, Tate, and Ian slowly made their way to the door. “Oh, great,” Loria moaned. “Just. Great.”
“I’m fine,” Tate gasped. I snarled at him. “It’s not that deep.”
“Not that deep?” Loria squeaked. “Tate, you’re bleeding like a fucking fountain.” I stepped aside and let them through. Loria slammed the door and spun back to Tate and just stared.
I bit back another snarl and walked over to Tate. Pulling away his torn shirt, I stared at the gaping wound in his stomach. “Drop it,” I growled at him. Looking anywhere but at me, he nodded and, little by little, dropped the mental wall that was blocking me from feeling his pain. I hissed as the full weight of it hit me. “Don’t say that you are fine when you’re not,” I growled. I held out my hand to him and he took it—if I wasn’t mistaken—gratefully. He sank his fangs into my wrist and pulled at it hard and fast. Sensing Elijah behind me, I turned to look at him.
“Evelyn is—”
“Going to kill someone,” Evelyn hissed, cutting him off.
“There you have it,” said Elijah.
“No!” she screamed as he lunged for Jayr. I snarled as another fresh scent of blood filled the air. Tate tore his mouth away from my wrist and jumped back.
“Shit!” he shouted. I glanced at him. At least his wounds were closed. Hissing, I spun and grabbed Loria as she passed me. She screamed as I pulled her swiftly to me. Ian, who hadn’t moved or said a word the whole time, flashed in front of Tate and backed him up against the wall, away from more harm.
“Tristan, please, Tristan, don’t,” Loria begged. She whimpered as I turned my gaze on her. Evelyn screamed in frustration, and before I could bite Loria, she was ripped away from me and thrown across the room by an invisible force. I growled as another force slammed me to the floor and pinned me. Raina came to stand over me as all of the other vampires stormed in.
“Wow, what a bloodbath,” said Ari. “Thank the world that Avery and Taylor fed heavily.”
“Don’t thank me,” Raina muttered and put her wrist to my parted mouth. She hissed as I sank my fangs in deep, pulling the warm sweet blood in and swallowing. With an effort, I pushed her away from me. Then Evelyn pulled me up and dragged me into the kitchen. The lid of the cooler flew open and a blood bag was in my hand in a blink. Instead of throwing Evelyn across the room, I grudgingly tore into the bag. Panting, I reached for another one.
“Time?” I asked. Knowing that I didn’t mean the actual time at the moment, she nodded.
“Ten-thirty,” she growled.
Dropping the second empty bag back in the cooler, I pulled out of her embrace. “Go,” I growled. Without another word, she snarled and disappeared. Letting out a sharp breath, I slowly turned and walked out of the kitchen.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

KIRA

Clutching the doorframe, I tried to slow my breathing. The scent of blood was thick and heavy in the air. Groaning, I stepped back outside and down the driveway, ignoring the urge to lap up all of the blood pooled on the floor. A tingling feeling at the back of my neck told me that I was being followed. At the end of the drive, I stopped, but didn’t turn around. “Kira,” Tristan hissed from behind me. I stiffened. “Do you mind pushing the mute button on your thoughts?” I grimaced. Damn, I totally forgot about that. “Where are you going?” he asked softly. I blinked as I realized that I didn’t have a clue to where I was going. “You can’t be out here covered in blood, sweetheart.” I looked down at myself and sighed at the sight of blood on my arms and hands, and all over my shirt.
“I-I can’t be in there,” I mumbled. I heard the crumbling of a bag, and then I felt a hand on my shoulder. He turned me to face him. A breeze blew in our direction, carrying the scent of a human with it. My mouth watered even more. Only a painful tightening of Tristan’s grip prevented me from tracking that particular human down. Wincing, I looked up at him. “Why can I go after whoever that was?” I whined.
He bared his fangs at me. I cringed. “Because, I am not. In a mood. To play nice. With the humans,” he snarled. “You? Feeding alone. Is not. An option. For you. Yet.” I thought I saw his eyes flash white for a second, but I couldn’t be sure. He let go of me and turned away. “Come. Don’t even think about running off. You will not like me one bit when I am pissed off.” I shivered. Oh, I don’t doubt that at all. I grudgingly followed him back inside where there was less blood than before. Wow, how long had I been outside? “Fifteen minutes,” he growled. An answer to my unspoken question. The door closed behind me, blocking the nice cool light wind from breezing into the house.
“Kira? Tristan?” Raina said in greeting. “We’ll be done in a short bit.” Tristan nodded to her. He led me into the kitchen where Jade, Jayr, and Loria were going through a bunch of blood bags.
“Kira, you here to join the party?” Loria asked.
“Ah… I guess?” I said uncertainly. Tristan snatched a blood bag from her and was gone. Pouting, she reached for another one from the cooler. “Does he always disappear like that?” I asked.
“Mmhmm,” said Jade. “He likes to sneak up on you, too.”
“How?” I moved to the cooler and grabbed a bag and punctured it.
“He and his siblings can cloak their presence and all that from us. It’s creepy if you ask me.”
“So, what else can they do besides teleporting?”
Jade glanced nervously toward the living room. “I ah… I can’t tell you that. Er… they’ll kill me.”
“How long have you been with them?”
“Since 1321.”
“Wow,” I gasped. “You’ve been with them for… six hundred and ninety years?”
“Well, I’ve been with them longer,” said Raina.
“She has,” said Jade when I gave her a questioning look.
“Yeah,” said Raina. “One thousand three hundred and ten years.”
“Okay, wow.”
“You know, it’s interesting when I get a chance to listen in to a conversation involving me.” I spun around and scowled at Elijah. He smirked. “I’ll make sure to knock next time, Kira.”
Jade laughed. “I told you.”
“Spilling our secrets, Jade?”
“Nope, no secrets spilled. Oh, Kira, did you know Elijah is a very, very, very good tracker, and so is Tristan? Both of them together?” She shivered. “There is nowhere in the world that you can hide. You can be a master at hiding; they’ll find you eventually even if it takes a hundred years to do it.”
“Jade?” Elijah said warningly.
“Uh, sorry.”
“I’ll let that one go, since sweet Kira has no intention to pass it around, and if she does? Well, I’m sure you know what will happen.” He turned to me. “Don’t you?”
I nodded rapidly. “Yeah, yeah, I sure do,” I said quickly.
Loria coughed. “So anyways, want more blood, Kira? We have plenty more to pass around,” she said conversationally as if there wasn’t a heavy silence hanging thickly in the air.
I blinked and nodded. “Sure,” I said and reached for another bag.
“So, we’ll be porting to California in a few. Kira, you still want to come along?” I nodded. “Right, finish up and throw all those empty bags back in the cooler. We’ll dispose of it once we arrive at our destination,” he said and was gone.
“I’ll never get used to that,” I muttered and drained the little bit left in the bag.
“Same goes for all of us,” said Loria. I tossed the empty bag into the cooler. Jayr nodded and closed it. “Let’s go, before one of them decides to come in here and bite one of us just for the hell of it.” I nodded and went into the living room. I sniffed in irritation as the scent of blood lingered in the air.
“How are we getting there?” I asked.
Jade cleared her throat and looked at me. “Weren’t you listening when Elijah said we’ll be porting there?”
“Oh. Yeah.”
“We all ready?” Tristan asked. We all nodded, and before I could gather myself, everything went black. A second later, I found myself standing in a dark house. “Welcome to my lovely home in San Diego, California.” He sighed. “I don’t appreciate having thirteen vampires here, but for today, I’ll be a good host.” He led us into the living room and pointed down the hall. “Bathroom is down the hall and to the left. Those of you who have extra clothes can wash up first. Those of you who don’t? Try not to get blood on anything or I will drop your ass. Jayr, drop the cooler in the kitchen.”
“On it,” said Jayr. Ari followed her in as Tristan’s gaze landed on me. I stiffened. I narrowed my eyes at him as I felt a slight pressure in my head. I shifted nervously.
“Um, what are you doing?” I asked. He smiled evilly, but didn’t answer. The pressure in my head increased. Shaking my head, I moved further away from him. “Uh, Tristan? You’re making me nervous here.”
“As you very well should be,” he said softly. “My question is what do you think I am doing?” I chewed my lower lip and winced as my fangs pierced it. Grumbling, I forced my fangs to retract. Feeling Tristan’s eyes on the blood, I licked it away and shook my head again.
“Am I supposed to know?”
“You tell me.” I screeched and stumbled backward and fell on my ass as images and memories flashed in my mind. Memories I so didn’t want to relive. I whimpered, trying desperately to get rid of them, but more kept on coming, one after another. I moaned and curled into a ball. Flashes of my entire family’s murder played out, like watching it on a projection. When it was over, I slowly opened my eyes, and then froze as four pairs of eyes stared down at me. My skin crawled as they continued to stare at me, fangs bared. I slowly moved into a sitting position and frowned up at them. They were way too quiet, way too quiet for my comfort. I stiffened as a hand landed on my shoulder. I turned my head to find Raina scowling at them.
“You have blood running down your chin,” she whispered. “Stop biting yourself.” I groaned as pain finally registered. Fuck, I must have been somewhere else if I didn’t even realize it. She squeezed my shoulder. “Open your mouth.” I opened my mouth and winced again as fangs slid from my lower lip. More blood ran down my chin. Raina pulled me up and led me out of the living room and into the bathroom.
“Oh, shit,” said Ari. “I was wondering who was bleeding. So, it was—” Her eyes widened in fear. Raina and I slowly turned to the door. Evelyn stood in the doorway. I froze as her eyes slid to the blood and stayed there. She stepped into the bathroom and dropped the bag on the sink counter. Clenching her hands, she went back out. It looked like it took a whole lot of effort just to do so. Finally, her eyes met mine.
“That’s yours,” she snarled and disappeared. Behind me, Ari let out a long hiss.
“Damn,” said Raina. “That was a close call.”
“Kira,” said Ari. “Do both of us and yourself a favor and never bite your lip again. At least not with your fangs out, please? It could mean death for all of us. Literally.”
I grumbled and peered into the bag. “I’ll try not to. It’s a habit of mine when I am nervous.” Raina and Ari nodded and left the bathroom, finally leaving me alone. A chill ran up and down my spine as I stripped and stepped into the shower. Someone was behind the door, and I didn’t have the nerve to open it, not yet at least. I was not going to have my throat ripped out anytime soon. In half an hour, I was dressed, and my bloody clothes were stuffed in a bag. When I opened the door, the bag was snatched out of my hand. I blinked and looked around.
“Ari took it,” said Raina. I nodded and walked over to her. “Tristan wants to see you.”
I froze. “Why?”
“I don’t know.” She turned and went to the door. “This way.” I sighed, and with a dreadful feeling in the pit of my stomach, followed her through the door. We went down flight after flight of stairs and stopped in front of another door. Raina took in a deep breath and pushed the bar upward. The door swung open and freezing air blasted me. I gasped.
“Where are we?” I choked out.
“We’re headed underground.”
“What?” I squeaked.
She nodded grimly. “We have four more flight of stairs to go. Don’t make a sound when we reach the last door. Any noise will send them overboard.” I nodded. The further down we got, the colder the air grew. When we reached the last door, I braced myself. I could see ice crystals forming on the door. Raina tentatively put out her hand and pushed the button. The door slowly opened. An unnerving tingling sensation enveloped us as we stepped inside. Remembering not to make a sound, I bit back my whimpers and moved further down the hall. There were no lights whatsoever down there, just darkness and the horrible urge to run back upstairs. Something icy and suffocating wrapped around me. A sharp intake of breath from Raina told me that she was experiencing the same thing. Fear clawed at the back of my throat. I couldn’t even make a sound if I wanted to. It was full blown terror as everything around us grew darker, and darker still, until we couldn’t see anything. Whatever that was, it propelled us forward. It brought us to an abrupt stop a minute or so later. A small feeling of relief came over me as it released us. It was short-lived, however, as a ring of fire enclosed us in a tight circle. The flames grew and grew until we were enveloped in a web of blazing hot fire. I couldn’t help myself. I let out a whimper. My eyes burned like a fucker, but I didn’t dare close my eyes. It was also extremely hot. My skin felt like it was blistering. It probably was for all I knew.
“Greetings, Kira, Raina.” I tried to make out the voice over the crackling of fire, but it was no use. “You are the only two to ever venture down here. You should feel honored. I never permit anyone down here except for my brothers and sisters.” Ah, so it was Tristan then. “It is, Kira.” I gulped. “You would do best to keep those thoughts shielded from me.”
“Picture a wall,” Raina whispered in my ear. It was so low that I had to concentrate to hear her. I did just that and thought about something repetitive to think of in my mind, just in case. Tristan’s soft laugh sent chills down my spine and caused cold sweat to break out. I held my breath as the flames grew dangerously close to singeing my hair, but it didn’t as it went back to its original spot a foot or so away. Then it completely went out. I sucked in a sharp breath and then coughed as smoke filled my lungs. It was back to being cold again. Suddenly, Tristan was right in front of me. “It was awfully foolish of you to keep your eyes open,” he growled. “What’s the point when you can’t see through it?” He put a hand on my shoulder. I jerked involuntarily. He snarled in my ear. His other hand pressed against my eyes and slowly cold current seeped from his hand, cooling the burning in my eyes. Once I was no longer in pain, he pulled his hand away and let me go. “Come this way,” he growled. Raina and I followed him to a refrigerator. He opened it and tossed me a couple of blood bags. I caught them both before they could explode all over the floor. He watched me as I ripped opened the bag and sipped at it. On edge, I quickly gulped the blood down. He smirked as I opened the second one and finished that one more quickly than the first. “Would you like more?” I shook my head. “If you say so,” he whispered. He closed the refrigerator, and we followed him to another door. He opened it and stepped aside to let us through. All eyes turned on us the moment we entered.
“Ah, it’s Kira and Raina,” said Elijah. “And, you are not bleeding to death this time.” I frowned.
“Elijah, leave her be,” said Evelyn.
He grunted. “If you wish.” Raina, who hadn’t said a word, flashed in front of me. She moved me until my back was to the wall. “My, my, Raina, you have a protective streak in you,” Elijah drawled. I gulped. “Would you like to—?”
“That’s enough, Elijah,” Tristan snarled.
Elijah held up a hand. “I wasn’t going to do anything.” They just stared at each other murderously. Elijah sighed and dropped his hand. He leaned back and turned his gaze on Raina who was still in front of me. She turned to face him. “Would you?” he asked her.
“I would,” she answered.
“Great,” he said. Then she was pulled to him by an invisible force. He turned to look at Tristan. “Is Raina off limits too or can I have her?”
Tristan hissed. In a blur of movements, his hands were around Elijah’s throat. “When I say they are off limits, they are off limits,” he snarled. “I didn’t say they weren’t, so they are not.” I tried to take a step, but I couldn’t. I was rooted to the spot. Tristan released him and backed away. Elijah gasped and shot him a glare. Avery, Taylor, and Evelyn just stood there, expressionless. He grimaced and pulled Raina closer. He bared his fangs and leaned in. Not sooner, Raina winced and stiffened, and the scent of blood filled the air. I looked over to the others. It looked like they were holding their breath. Maybe I should have done that, too. I sighed. Elijah growled and pulled back. Raina muttered something and pulled clumsily away from him. She pushed to her feet and walked back to me. She pulled out a chair and sat down. Every now and then, she shot Elijah a glare.
“Now, since you are finished, Elijah, behave,” said Tristan.
“Or what, Tristan?”
“Is that a challenge?” Tristan growled.
Elijah hissed. “I dare say—”
“Alright!” Evelyn growled, cutting him off. “You both need to stop this! We have guests here!”
“What are you—?”
“Elijah! Shut! The! Fuck! Up!” I cringed. Oh my god, I am so not here right now. Please let me fade into the wall. Please let me fade into the wall and be gone. Raina, mouth parted and wide-eyed in shock, just stared between the two of them.
“You didn’t even—” Evelyn shrieked and then Elijah was engulfed in flames. Evelyn’s shrieks went on and on and on. Even my hands over my ears didn’t block out the sound. I glanced around. Avery, Taylor, and Tristan all looked like they wanted to run from the sound, and Raina looked like she wanted to die right there and then. An eternity later—or maybe only seconds—Evelyn stopped her painful bitch of a shriek, and to top it off, the flames around Elijah went out. He was no longer in his seat. He was, however, unconscious on the floor. I banged my head against the wall, once, twice. Never again. Never. Again. Panting, Evelyn turned to look at me.
“Sorry,” she muttered. I grabbed my head and groaned as the painful high-pitched ringing slowly subsided. Beside me, Raina moaned and removed her hands from her ears.
“I think my ears are bleeding,” Raina said hoarsely. I nodded in total agreement with her. If my ears weren’t bleeding, it sure as fuck felt like they were.
“He’s going to wake up with a bitch of a headache,” said Evelyn.
“He’s not the only one,” Tristan muttered. “I’m already there.”
“Shit,” Taylor breathed. “I never, ever, ever want to hear you shriek again, Evelyn. Do you know how painful that was? I wouldn’t be surprised if the police a state over could hear you.”
“I’m sorry,” Evelyn repeated. “I’m really, really, really sorry.”
Tristan groaned. “You’re forgiven.” The others nodded, including me.
She sighed and leaned against the door. “I hate it when you guys go at it.”
Tristan nodded. “You were always the peacemaker around here.”
Evelyn snorted. “Whatever you say; whatever you say, brother.”
Tristan smirked and turned to me. “Kira.” I stopped clutching my head and looked up at him. “I actually brought you down because you have a decision to make.”
I blinked. “A decision? About?”
“About rather if you want to be a civilian, join the Night Stalkers, or a part of the Tronis’s Inner Circle.” He smiled evilly. “Or, do you want to go rogue,” he said softly.
“If I go rogue, you would kill me without blinking, right? I prefer to not kill innocents, but I hate enforcing rules.” I frowned. “I hate killing period. In self-defense, maybe I’ll kill then, but I can’t do it on a daily basis.”
Evelyn cleared her throat. “We don’t kill left, right, and center, you know.” She coughed. “Let me clarify. We try not to kill if we can help it.”
I nodded. “I’ll join the NSC.”
“Is that your final answer?” Tristan asked.
“Can I change, if I wanted to?” He nodded. “Then yes, that is my final answer.” I held up a hand. “I’m curious, though. Why did you bring me all the way down here just to ask me that?”
Tristan laughed. “Down here, I can let out my powers without worrying about burning down the house. I fire-webbed you so that I don’t attack you. When you came down, I was still trying to get myself under control.”
“Or turning the house into an ice palace,” I muttered. “Am I allowed to leave now?”
“Of course,” he said. Then darkness closed around me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

TRINITY

I dug my fingers into the earth and groaned. The hot sun beat down on me as I tried to get my thoughts straight. My whole body felt like I was being stabbed repeatedly. The mocking laugh of a rogue reached my ear, and I wanted to scream. The second rogue who was dead and headless was a foot away from me. It took all my strength to take that one down, and I sure as hell didn’t have any left in me to bring down the remaining rogue who was standing behind me, still laughing his head off. “What are you, a minute old?” he drawled. I sucked in a pained breath as he kicked me. Lifting me up, he threw me into the trees. I screamed as a branch snapped off and impaled me. Darkness threatened to take me over. My blood drenched the ground below me. I stared at this longingly. I could so use some of that right about now, but what good does your own blood do? “I will be back, sweet one. Maybe at nightfall to see how you are holding up.” Curse you motherfucker, curse. You. He turned and sped from the woods.
“You fucking coward!” I called after him. “I hope you fucking drop dead in a pit of molten lava! You pathetic son of a fucking bitch!” Gasping, I flipped over onto my back. With both hands on the damn stake, I tried to pull it out of me. I got nowhere. I moaned and dropped my hands back to my side. God, can I have some fucking peace and quiet around here without being jumped? Not fucking likely. I mentally growled. Taking in short breaths, I tried to lessen the pain, but of course, it wasn’t working. Oh why, oh why can’t you hear me, Draven? With much moaning and cursing, I got myself into a sitting position. Okay, time to think. Who can hear my mental calls no matter how far I am? Suddenly, a name popped into my mind. It so happens that Tristan’s name came to me. What a surprise. I groaned. He would kill me on the spot if he saw all the blood on and around me. I sighed, or tried to at least. Instead, I sucked in a sharp breath and held it as the pain became unbearable. That fucking rogue was going to pay big time. Panting and sweating, I focused on Tristan and called to him, not knowing if it would work. Gouging furrows in the earth, I waited, my arms shaking from the effort of holding myself up. I gasped as I felt a slight pressure in my head. Then I heard a snarl. Trinity, what have you gotten yourself into? Me? Nothing. I stiffened and gasped in pain as the air stirred all around me. Before I could start counting or something, it stopped abruptly. A low growl came from behind me. My spine crawled as Tristan drew nearer.
“Nightfall, is it?” he said softly. I groaned in response. Hands landed on my shoulders, gently pushing me back on the ground. I didn’t fight him as my arms gave out. He stood over me, jaw clenched, eyes narrowed. I gasped as he sent a fireball flying into the air and hit the dead rogue just yards away from me. I screeched as he grasped the stake in his hands. My whimpers turned into a long scream as he pulled it out in one swift move. He held out a hand, and I took it. I was on my feet before I could blink. “We’re going to teleport.” I nodded. A split second of darkness, I found myself standing in a… I looked around me. Bathroom? He nodded. He placed my hands on the sink counter. “Hold onto it. I’ll uh, I’ll get…” he groaned. “I’ll get Evelyn. I can’t…” He snarled. I nodded rapidly. He didn’t need to say more. I knew exactly what he meant. Without another word, he disappeared into thin air. Groaning, I slumped forward, letting my forehead rest on the cool mirror, and listened to the drip, drip of my own blood hitting the sink and the marbled floor below. I closed my eyes, because I so didn’t want to see my own wounds knitting back together. Only a soft knock at the door forced my eyes to open and straightened from my position. Grimacing, I watched the door slowly opened. Evelyn let out a long hiss, the vampire behind her winced. She put a hand on Evelyn’s stiffed arm and pushed her way into the bathroom. She took a hold of me and turned me gently until I was facing her. I opened my mouth to ask her, but she nodded before I could ask it. I nodded. If he was on a killing spree, someone could go ahead and put a bullet in my head. For all the good that would do. A cool hand lifted my chin up, and I found myself staring into Evelyn’s burning eyes. She shook her head.
“Tristan will be fine. He will not be alone. He’ll be heavily restrained both mentally and physically.”
“What about you?” I choked out.
She muttered something I couldn’t understand. “I will admit I am very tempted to bite you rather than help you.” She sighed. “If I did bite you, Tristan will have my head, sister or not.” I blinked up at her. He did not say that. She smirked. “Okay, he didn’t say he’ll have my head, but he’ll kick my ass, this I can promise you.” I nodded. She turned to the vampire still holding me up. “Adalyn, can you grab Avery?”
Adalyn nodded. “Taylor?”
Evelyn shook her head. “No, she needs to stay with Tristan.” Adalyn shifted nervously. Evelyn’s other hand grabbed me as she let go. “Avery will let no harm befall you. You know that, right?”
Adalyn nodded. “I do, but still.” She took in a deep breath and flashed out of the bathroom.
“Are they um, you know, together?” I asked through gritted teeth.
Evelyn smirked. “That they are.” She moved me to the toilet. “Sit.” I nodded, and wincing, I sat. Not a second later, a blast of energy filled the air. I shuddered and then gasped, which turned into a cough as Avery and Adalyn appeared outside the door.
“Fuck,” Avery growled. “So this is the cause of it.” I grimaced. He winced as Adalyn hit him upside the head.
“Be nice,” she hissed. She pulled out of his embrace and turned to me. “The Tronis’s are a bunch of assholes.”
“Hey!” Evelyn and Avery said in unison. I laughed and then groaned as pain stabbed at me.
“Adalyn says you needed me,” said Avery. “What for?”
“I want you to grab a few of her clothes and bring them here,” said Evelyn.
“What?” I squeaked.
They both turned to me. Avery smirked. “What? Is there something you don’t want me to find?”
I blushed. “No, but, but.”
He chuckled. “Trinity, you are in pain, and you’re worried about me going through your things?”
“I—”
He put a finger to my lips. “I’ve been going through closets and drawers this past few days. Trust me, I seen it all.”
“But I’m not use to—”
“I’ll go with him,” said Adalyn. “I’ll get your clothes while he gets bags of blood.” She frowned. “Wait, do you even have any?” I nodded. “Awesome, because we ran out of ours here. Er, correction, Tristan’s.”
“Okay, enough talking,” said Evelyn. She turned to me. “Do you have your fangs out?” she asked me. I nodded. “Good, I don’t have to rip open my wrist for you then.” She held out her hand, and I took it. “Go ahead, bite me.” Without hesitating, I sank my fangs deep and blinked as her blood sort of… exploded, or fizzed in my mouth. A warm sensation came over me, and I realized that the pain was slowly ebbing. I stiffened as she dug her fingers into the back of my neck. “That’s enough, Trinity.” I so didn’t want to stop, but the tightening of her grip was a warning bell. After one last long pull, I withdrew my fangs. Licking my lips, I stared down at the floor. “Better?” she asked. I nodded. She looked me up and down and nodded. “I’ll be right back. Can you strip and step in the shower?” I nodded. I got up, glad that I was no longer shaking, and pulled my bloody clothes off as the door snapped shut and locked. I turned on the shower and adjusted the temperature and quickly washed all the blood off of me, wincing every now and then when I prodded a sore spot. Shutting off the water, I stepped out and pulled a fluffy white towel from the rack and wrapped myself in it. I spun around as a tap on the door sounded. I watched the knob turning and the door opened to reveal Evelyn standing with a bag in her hand. “You look much better,” she said and held it out to me. I took it from her, but suddenly, she was an inch or so in front of me. I gasped and jerked back, but she grabbed me before I could go any farther. She leaned in and inhaled me. I stiffened. “Why do I smell gunpowder?” She sniffed. “Have you been shot?” She inhaled again and stepped away from me. “You have a bullet somewhere inside of you.” I frowned. “I suppose you don’t remember being shot?” I nodded. I shook my head in confusion. A bullet? Why don’t I remember it? “Get dressed, I won’t look.” Dropping the towel, I reached into the bag and pulled out my clothes. Making a quick work of it, I was dressed in less than a minute. Evelyn bent down and picked up the towel and hung it back up on the hanger.
“Sorry,” I mumbled.
She took the empty bag from me and smiled. “Don’t be.” She put a hand on my shoulder and led me out of the bathroom. “Come on, let’s get you sniffed out. You have to get that bullet out of you.” Great, another session of being drenched in my own blood. “I don’t think you’ll have to worry about creating a pool of blood.” I gasped and came to an abrupt stop as fear suddenly overwhelmed me. “Trinity, look at me.” I gulped and reluctantly looked up at her. “Breathe.” I blew out a sharp breath and sucked in another lungful. Holding it, I slowly let it out. “Keep breathing in and out.” She led me into the living room and gently pushed me onto the couch. “Don’t freak out, but Tristan will be up here in a few.” I stiffened and hugged myself. I retracted my fangs and chewed on my lower lip, my eyes darting all over the place. My eyes locked on the heavy steel door as waves of energy drew closer and closer. Evelyn’s hand on my shoulder tightened as the door opened, and Elijah, a pissed off Tristan, and Taylor stepped through. Tristan’s eyes met mine, his cold stare pinning me on the spot. He came closer and sniffed the air. I put up my hands and leaned back as he came even closer. I squeaked as his cold hands enveloped my smaller ones and pulled me up. He dropped to the floor and pulled me into his embrace. I gulped as his fangs grazed my neck. Instead of biting me, he inhaled. He pulled back and growled.
“She does,” he hissed at Evelyn.
“Why isn’t it ejecting itself from her?”
He shrugged. “No idea.” He pushed my head to the side, and I held back a gasp as something hard pressed against my neck. “Ah, there it is.” He licked it, and I stiffened as sharp fangs pierced me. I winced as I felt my neck being torn open. A hard pull and a little more of digging around with his tongue, he pulled back a little and closed the gaping wound. He spit out the bullet into his hand and blinked. I frowned at it. “Silver? Seriously? Silver? Really?” He shook his head and gave an exasperated sigh. He pushed me off of him and held out the bullet. “Want it? You can start collecting.” I put my hand under his, and he dropped it into my palm.
“So, I wasn’t mistaken then?” Avery asked. He dropped a cold bag of blood into my lap. I picked it up and ripped into it. Avery smiled. “I was about to ask if you’d like that warmed up or not,” he said in amusement. I held up my hand for the second one. “I guess cold will do you fine,” he said, giving me the second bag. “Trade bags?” I gave him my empty one and ripped the full bag open. That time, I sipped at it. “Were you this extremely shy when you were human?” I nodded. “Hmm.”
“All the better for you to hang with me,” Taylor said from the doorway that probably led to the basement. “I talk a lot if I’m not hungry.” I nodded for the gazillionth time and got up from the floor, handing the empty bag to Avery. “Thanks,” I whispered, sitting back down on the couch and looking around. No lights were on, nothing hanging on the walls, not very much furniture except a couple of couches, chairs, a TV, and a table in the corner. Hmm, not much for decorations? In my peripheral vision, I saw Tristan grimace. I blinked and stared at the dark wood floor. “This whole house is made of wood, steel, and concrete, and over five-hundred-thousand volts of electricity.” I winced and looked up at Taylor. She nodded. “Yep, you heard me correctly, and blood is a bitch to clean up when you have carpets.” I nodded. “So, what were you doing in the woods, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“I ah… I… was just out walking.”
“Mmm, walking huh?” Tristan said softly.
I frowned. “Yeah.”
“Why were you being followed by rogues?”
“They said I was an easy pick.”
“So… picking on fledglings…”
“Sounds like it to me,” said Taylor.
He smirked. “You, an easy pick?” He inclined his head. “A four-month-old up against a two-hundred-year-old? I don’t consider that an easy pick.” I gaped at him. Wow, I might as well have earned myself a gold medal. He chuckled and patted me on the head. He got up and held out his hand to me. “Come, Kaylee is waiting for you.” I slowly got up and grabbed a hold of his hand. The moment we made contact, everything went black. In a blink, I found myself standing before a door. Tristan grunted and rang the doorbell. We didn’t have to wait long, a minute or so later, it slowly opened.
“Trinity, Tristan,” said Kaylee. “Please, come in.” Her eyes widened. “Perhaps not.” I stepped inside and turned as I heard the cocking of a gun. Composed, as if he didn’t know that a gun was pointed in his direction, Tristan pulled out a couple of business cards and handed them to Kaylee and me.
“You need anything, give me a call,” he whispered. We nodded. He turned, deliberately not looking at the gunman and stepped off of the porch. “You two, stay safe and sane.” Then we were moved back a few feet, and the door closed, blocking him and the gunman from our view.
“Damn it,” Kaylee growled. “I wanted to watch.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

TRISTAN

Silently growling to myself and eyes burning like a bitch, I walked down the driveway and stopped. Forcing down the urge to blow his brains out, I finally turned and met his determined gaze. He narrowed his eyes and pulled the trigger. A bullet whizzed past me by an inch as I quickly dodged it. “Bad aim,” I said to him. “Have you been practicing?” I asked as I dodged a second bullet. I smirked. “Doesn’t look like it.” He growled and lunged. Just what I needed. Snarling, we collided in midair. The gun fell from his hand. My energy threatened to get out, but I pushed it back. Rising and falling, I let him have the upper hand… for the moment. “Are you done?” I drawled, ducking just as a knife came at me. “Not much for talking? Well,” I rushed him and forced him back to ground level. “That makes two of us.” I yanked the knife out of his hand and tossed it aside. He snarled and tried to throw me off. I tightened my hold on him and he groaned in pain. I turned my head to find Kaylee and Trinity standing just a few feet away. I growled. Turning back to the vampire under me, I pulled out my blade, and after mentally removing the safety block, I flicked it open. His eyes widened. I smiled. “Do you know what will happen when I put this to your throat?” He remained silent. “Shall we see?” I pressed the blade to his throat and winced as he gave a bloodcurdling scream. “That hurts, doesn’t it?”
“Yes!” he screamed.
“Ah, I finally got a word out of you.” I slowly drew the blade away and nodded to the gun an arm’s reach away. “Tell me, why did you shoot at me? You know very well that bullets don’t work on us,” I said, flicking the blade closed, slipping the safety back in place, and putting it back in my pocket.
“I didn’t shoot to kill,” he said, still groaning in pain, beads of blood trickling down the side of his neck.
I blew out an impatient breath and slipped into his mind. Keeping a tight hold, I dug deeper as he tried to push me out. What do you want with Trinity? I mentally snarled at him. “Nothing,” he hissed. “Get the fuck out of my head!” I smiled. He screamed as I broke down his defensive shield.
“What was that?” I asked pleasantly. “Tell me, and I just might… let you go. Why does Sairis want Trinity?”
“Me?” Trinity squeaked.
I ignored her and growled. “So? Are you going to answer me?”
“I can’t tell you,” he spat out.
“Well, too bad. You see, Cory. You picked the most horrible time to nab her.” Little by little, I let my power go. His jaw clenched, his eyes narrowing, he tried to keep calm, but that was completely wiped away as all the breath whooshed out of him. The air so thick that you could cut it with a knife, I got off of him and walked over to the two terrified vampires who minutes before were standing a few feet away from me, but were now standing in the doorway, looking for all the world hopeless to do anything but stare, in a silent desperate attempt to turn and run, and scream. Stopping just mere inches away from them, I bent Kaylee’s head back. She whimpered pitifully as her eyes met mine. Throat too constricted to speak, and her mental shrieks pounding in my head, I slipped further into her mind and did a quick walkthrough. Finding nothing of interest, I pulled out and turned my focus on Trinity. She gasped and tried, really did try to back up a step. Sighing, I turned to Cory and held him in a mental chokehold, although there was no need for it as I completely pulled the eerie, clawing, suffocating, bone-numbing, pulsating hold on them, and he passed out. I turned and quickly grabbed Kaylee and Trinity before they could fall over. “Oh,” I hissed. “You will not. Pass out on me.” I moved into the house and mentally slammed the door shut. Moving into the kitchen, I pushed them both into a chair. I peered out the window and smiled as Cory, now conscious, tried to get up. Nodding, I turned back to the fledglings. “Let it out,” I snarled at both of them. I was outside in a blink, but of course, it wasn’t far enough as shrieks suddenly blasted my ears. I growled and snatched Cory up. “You have a delivery to make,” I hissed in his ear. “Listen carefully, because I will not repeat myself.” Snapping off a branch with a thought, it flew through the air and hovered, just inches from his heart. “If Sairis wants to experiment with blood and poison, I’ll gladly tell her how. It’s very easy,” I said, and staked him. Dropping him, I moved away. He screamed. “Tell her that I send my regards. She’ll figure out who I am soon enough. Oh, and one more thing.” I stared into his eyes and let my compulsion roll him. “You will not remove the stake until I say so, and if anyone tries to help you? I will simply… let you drop dead where you stand. Or should I say, where you lay. Go now. Have a safe trip home.” Painful as it was, he bolted to his feet and clumsily ran off. I inhaled deeply and literally ingested his scent into me, imprinting it in my mind.
“Ah, pity.” Elijah’s bored voice reached me from a good distance away. “Why do I always miss the fun?” He came into view a moment later. “You know, sending him off with a stake in his chest? Not such a great sight to mortal eyes.”
“He knows full well to remain hidden,” I growled.
“Still in a bad mood, are you?”
“What. Do you. Want?” I asked slowly. By now, the sun was almost completely gone. I rubbed my still-stinging eyes and turned from him. My hunger, ever present, grew even more as the lingering scent of blood still coated the air. I drew in a slow breath and let it out.
“You need to feed.”
“Tell me something I don’t know,” I growled.
“Tristan!”
“What!”
“You need to get yourself home. Now.” I snarled as the scent of a human reached me. “Fuck!” Elijah was on me before I could even make a move. In a blur, the ground came up to meet me, and Elijah’s arm prevented my face from smashing against the pavement. However, he wasn’t so lucky. His blood filled my nostrils. I sank my fangs in his arm. He cursed and jerked my head back. I choked as the blood went down the wrong tube. “Evelyn was right about checking up on you,” he drawled, then he teleported. Cold, freezing air hit me a second later. He flipped me onto my back and glared down at me.
“Boys,” Evelyn said sweetly. She came over with a blood bag in hand and popped it against my fangs. I groaned. “Raina went and got some more,” she said when Elijah shot her a questioning look. “Why was your arm bleeding?” She pulled the empty bag out. I hissed as another one flew through the air and into her hand. She sighed and popped a second one to my bared fangs. “So, why were you bleeding?” she asked again when he didn’t answer.
“I let my arm take the impact instead of his face,” said Elijah. “And of course, he went and bit me.”
“Awesome.”
“I have a human,” said Ari. “Should I bring her down?”
“Yes,” Elijah and Evelyn said simultaneously. She laughed. I growled as she and the human drew closer and closer. Evelyn pulled the second empty bag from my mouth and tossed it across the room.
“Can I leave?” Ari asked.
Evelyn nodded. “How many do you have on standby?”
“I have three more.”
“Send them all down here.” She nodded and flashed back upstairs. “We should have brought humans here earlier,” she grumbled. “Um, Elijah, if you need to leave, Avery and I can take over.” Elijah let out a long sigh and nodded. He got off of me and flashed out of the basement. Evelyn’s hand on my chest kept me from grabbing the human beside her. The doors slammed shut, and Avery appeared. “You’re fine, right?” she asked him. He nodded. Suddenly, Taylor appeared with three humans with her, and I was pinned under Avery and Evelyn in a blink.
“Geez, am I privy to why he’s about to rip someone’s head off?” Taylor asked. She frowned and gestured to the humans. “Go on before he completely loses it.” Evelyn pulled one of the humans closer and pressed her wrist to my fangs. I snarled and bit down hard. She cried out and jerked, but Evelyn’s hold on her kept her in place. I pulled the warm sweet blood down my throat, one mouthful after another. When that human was jerked away, another one replaced it before I could growl in protest. It wasn’t until the third human that I finally had enough sense not to kill them.
“Get off of me,” I growled. Without a word, they both released me. I moved into a sitting position and pulled the last human to me. I hissed and sank my fangs in deep. Stop! I winced as Evelyn’s mental voice echoed in my head. I swallowed my last mouthful and pulled back. Taylor grabbed the human and pushed me off. She stared at me a second longer, then disappeared with the human. I groaned and pushed off the floor. Evelyn and Avery stiffened. “Not going to do anything,” I growled.
“Where are you going?” Evelyn asked.
“Who says I was going anywhere?” I sighed. “Never mind.” I flashed upstairs and out the door. I breathed in the cold blissful night air and slowly, my muscles loosened, my mind cleared. I leaned against the brick wall and stared off into the distance. In front of me, the air shifted, and Elijah was revealed as he drew the darkness back into himself.
“Feels nice out here, doesn’t it?” he asked me. I grunted. “I take that as a yes.” I shoved my hands in my pockets and just stared at him. His eyes narrowed. “I’m headed to a bar, wanna tag along?”
I inclined my head. “Why a bar?” I hissed.
“Rogue activities.”
“Oh, really?” I asked slowly. “Who’s on scene?”
He smirked. “Won’t know until we get there.” He put a hand on my upper arm and squeezed. “Come on, bet you anything we’ll have major clean up to do.”
I nodded. “I don’t doubt that at all.”

TRYNNADON

The smoke was thick and heavy in the air. I nearly choked on it as I stepped through the door of the dim bar. I sighed. Not too surprising, tonight just happened to be one of those nights. Hmm, something special? Drinks on the house? A cool hand touched me lightly on the arm, and I looked down and met Trinity’s questioning gaze. Move, she whispered in my head. They’re staring. She pointed to an empty table in the corner. I headed that direction and sat down. What are you doing here? I asked her. She shrugged and sat across from me. Did you come alone? She nodded. “Do you want anything?” she softly asked. If I were human, I wouldn’t have been able to hear her in that noisy of a place.
“Get me whatever,” I said. She nodded and got up. I watched her as she walked up to the bar. Out the corner of my eye, a greasy-haired vampire in a blue t-shirt and khaki cargo pants got up and came over to my table, a drink in his hand.
“Ya mind if I join ya?” he asked.
I shrugged. “Go right ahead.”
He pulled out a chair next to Trinity and sat. “So, who’s the hot girl with ya?”
I chuckled. “Why? You got a thing for her already?” He shrugged. “You come here just to pick up girls?”
He nodded. “Humans and vampires.”
“Hmm, one of each, both, one at a time, switch around?”
He laughed. “Oh, if I can’t find a human, I go for vampire, and if I can’t find a vampire, I go for a human.” He turned and smiled at Trinity. Ignoring him, she set a drink in front of me.
“I don’t know what you like, so I got you Screwdriver,” she mumbled. “You want something stronger, like shots? That’s just vodka and orange juice.”
I shook my head. “No, that’s fine.” She nodded and turned to the newcomer. I sipped at my drink and watched them intently as they stared each other down. Another minute past. I frowned. “Do you two know each other?” I finally asked in annoyance.
Trinity blinked and sat down, lifting the whiskey to her lips and taking a swig. She shook her head. “Never met,” she muttered.
The vampire turned to me. “She’s a shy little thing, isn’t she?” Her eyes flashed, but he didn’t notice. He was too focused on me.
I smirked. “Careful, you don’t want to anger her. You never know what she’s capable of.”
He scoffed. “Buddy, she’s a noob. You know how loud her thoughts are? You want to know what she’s thinking about right now?” You call me buddy one more time, I’m going to break every single bone in that body of yours. I silently growled to myself. Trinity shifted nervously as he turned to her and frowned. His eyes narrowed as he continued to try and read her. He shook his head in confusion. “I could have sworn you’re a fledgling.”
She nodded. “I don’t have my thoughts shielded,” she said, her eyes still flashing in anger. Hmm, that was interesting. I probed her mind and only came up against a wall. I pushed at it, but it held firmly in place. Downing the rest of my drink, I turned and peered out the window. Of course, I didn’t see any vampires outside, but that didn’t mean there weren’t a few nearby. Turning back to the two in front of me, I pointed to the still half-full whisky in Trinity’s hands. She growled and quickly downed it. The greasy vampire smirked. “What crawled up your ass and died?” he asked in amusement. I plucked the glass from her hands before she could shatter it. “Well?” he asked when she just stared at him. Outside… now! I jerked back in surprise. What’s wrong? Trinity mentally whispered to me. Bring him out as well. Elijah’s voice held no friendliness to it. With that in mind, someone was going to die tonight. Try to get him to go outside with you. I whispered back to Trinity. She nodded. “What?” the nameless vampire asked in confusion.
Trinity gave him a warm smile and leaned closer to him. I mentally shuddered. “What’s your name?” she whispered.
He blinked. “I’m Dante. What’s yours, hot one?”
“I’m Trinity,” she practically purred. Oh hell, I so wish the earth would swallow me whole. She put a hand on his. “Let’s go outside. I don’t like it here. Besides,” she winked at him. “It sounds like you want to get to know me better.” Oh, where’s a stake when you need one?
“I do,” he said.
“Well?” she breathed. “If we go outside, we can talk more freely. I’m also hungry. I can use a pint or two. What you say? Are you in? I don’t want to hunt alone.”
“Is your friend coming along?”
She frowned. “No, he’s not.” He took her hand and pulled her up with him. I watched as they walked hand in hand out the door. In a blink, the bar vanished, and cold air hit me. Before I could fall on my ass, a hand caught me and pulled me up.
“You look mortified,” Elijah drawled. He let go of me, and I took a step back.
“Could you at least warn me before you PORT ME?” I grumbled.
“Of course,” he hissed. I frowned. “Don’t worry,” he whispered. “The humans are oblivious to everything.” He inclined his head. “Any more concerns?” I shook my head. “Very good, now if you pay attention, little Trinity is stalling him. She’s doing very well, if I might add.” I turned. A good distance away, Dante was trying to get her into his car. I smirked. Good luck with that, buddy. “She looks like she’s about to kill him. Shall I permit it? See how she holds up on her own?”
I stiffened. “I don’t think that’s such a good idea,” I hissed.
“Hmm… I—” I snarled. Trinity cried out in pain. Wincing, I flashed across the street. Hand pressed against her side, she ducked another blow and lifted the car over. The car alarm went off. Beside me, Elijah hissed in pain. The vampire Dante moved, but wasn’t fast enough as he went down with a pained hiss. Half of his body pinned beneath the car, Trinity leapt over it and yanked the stake from his hand. I sighed in relief when the alarm finally shut off. Doubling over in pain, she managed to grip the stake and drive it through his heart. He screamed.
“Your turn,” she gasped.
“You fucking bitch! This was a setup all along, wasn’t it?!” he snarled. Still holding on to the stake, she shoved it deeper as his hands gripped it. He jerked.
“It wasn’t,” she panted.
“Fucking liar!”
“Am I?” She released the stake and grabbed the car for support. “At least I’m not a pervert.” His eyes widened when we drew closer. “What?” she asked. She turned and cringed. Then her gaze met mine questioningly.
“Don’t look at me,” I muttered. “I didn’t know they were coming either.”
She glanced back at Dante before settling her gaze on Tristan. “Sorry,” she mumbled. “It was—”
“Trinity,” Tristan said softly. “You did what needed to be done.”
Elijah nodded. “That stake was meant for your heart.” She flinched and looked back at Dante. “Oh, he’s not going anywhere.”
She looked down at herself. Lifting her shirt, she stared at the healed pink skin. She winced as she gently poked at it. “I have the worst luck ever,” she growled. Dropping her shirt, she looked back up at the three of us. “Let me kill him, please?”
“No,” said Tristan.
“But, but—”
“He can be useful, sweetheart.”
“But—”
“Don’t you want to know why they are after you?”
She groaned. “But I want to kill him,” she said in a surprisingly loud voice.
He smiled. “Be patient. You’ll get to have him when I’m done with him.”
“Swear it,” she growled, all of her fears put on pause for the moment. Elijah took in a sharp breath. Tristan chuckled. “Do you swear it?” she asked with a hopeful look in her eyes.
He stepped up to her and tilted her head back. She stiffened. “I give you my word that you will be the one to carry out his demise, Trinity Cowin.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

AVERY

Breathing in and out slowly, I watched the two rogues making their way to the back of the bar, to where I was currently keeping a lookout. I inhaled deeply and moved further into the shadows. So why were there so many rogue activities going on suddenly? It was a question I wouldn’t get an answer to anytime soon. I sighed and wished that I didn’t, because the two rogues suddenly stopped and looked around. They sniffed in my general direction and smiled. The power I was giving away was no more powerful than a week-old vampire. Staying put, I watched as they made their way over to where I was. When they were a few feet away, they stopped and studied me. One of them nodded and pulled out something from his pocket and threw it. I moved in a blur, and it hit the dirty brick wall, exploding on impact. A loud boom went off, showering the back alley with bright light. The two rogues leapt back as fragments flew in all direction. Huh, awesome move, guys. Rubbing my stinging eyes, I turned and then fell forward as one of the rogues jumped me. I turned my head and hissed as the side of my head impacted with the pavement. I rolled my eyes as he pulled out a sharp-looking dagger and pressed it against my neck. “Where did you get that?” I asked dryly. He snarled and pushed it deeper. Warm blood slicked down my neck and onto the pavement. He yanked my arms behind my back. “So, what are you planning to do to me?” He grabbed my head and slammed it down hard. Stars danced before my eyes. I groaned and broke his hold on me. World still spinning, I flipped him off of me and got up. Pinning him to the ground with a thought, I put out my hand and caught the wall. “Well,” I growled. “So much for trying to play nice.”
“Ooo, what do we have here?” Elijah’s drawling voice came from the shadows. The other rogue, who didn’t make a move or a sound, leapt forward and crumpled to the ground as he hit the invisible wall. Elijah chuckled. “Better luck next time.” He stepped from the shadows and walked over to me. “Hmm.” He peered at me and shook his head. “No idea, huh?” He smirked. “Well, since you’re muting your auras, I’ll let mine go.” He turned. “This… will be interesting.” I stiffened and snarled as the air suddenly thickened. I turned to the rogue I was still holding and smiled.
“Who—who are you?” he choked out.
“Ah,” I said softly. “You finally want to know. You know, next time? You should ask before making any attempt to… drag me off somewhere?”
Elijah smirked. “Snatching another young civilian, huh? Never thought it would catch the attention of the… maybe, the Vampiric Council?” He tapped the side of his head. “Some of us can hear thoughts very well.”
“No shit?” I muttered.
“Shut up, Avery.” I blinked, and then glared at him. He stiffened, and I jerked back as the air grew even more charged. Evelyn, Taylor, Trynnadon, Trinity, and Tristan holding Dante in a death grip entered the alley.
“Dante,” the rogue on the ground gasped out.
“Silence,” Tristan growled. He threw Dante to the ground. “Not a move, not a sound,” he said softly, and then he was beside me. He muttered under his breath. “Not you, too,” he growled at me.
“What?” I asked.
He looked me up and down and nodded. “How’s your head?”
“I’ll live.”
He sighed. “Of course you will.”
“Right,” I muttered as my vision slowly turned red. I turned my attention back to the rogue on the ground. “Do you mind?” The rogue looked confused and gave me a questioning look.
“I do,” Tristan growled. He put his hands on my shoulders and spun me around to face him. They still don’t know who we are. He whispered in my head. Hmm. His eyes narrowed. No, he growled. I rubbed the blood from my eyes and sighed. Fine, I muttered. Mmhmm, that’s the spirit. No blood until they give me what I want. I grumbled. Although, I think Trinity won’t mind it. I glared at him. He chuckled and sidestepped out of my way. I swore loudly and jerked the rogue to his feet. Evelyn flashed over and leaned into me. I hissed at her. She sniffed and nodded.
“What was that for?” I growled.
“Was just making sure that you didn’t get hit by the explosion,” she said sweetly.
“If I were, I’d be plucking shit from myself.”
“True, true.” She stepped back and smiled. She pointed at Dante. “I don’t know about you guys, but—”
“I gave her my word,” Tristan growled.
“Fuck you, Tristan.” I winced.
“Well, I did.”
“Argh!” Tristan snarled in pain as she bombarded him with agonizing blow after another.
“Never thought. You were. This. Blood. Thirsty,” Tristan gasped.
“I will be, if I. Don’t. Get. What. I. Want!”
He hissed and doubled over. “Fuck. Release. Me.”
“Can I have him?”
“Why?”
“Because I’ve been hunting him for three days.”
“What?”
“Yeah.”
“You know how we work, Evelyn.”
She sighed. “Fine,” she said through gritted teeth. He fell to the ground as she released him.
“Are we done here?” Elijah asked. “Because I’d like to get things moving here.”
Tristan took in a breath and let it out sharply. “Kill them.” In a blur of movements, Elijah lunged at the two rogues. As they looked up in terror, they couldn’t even utter a single sound before they were dead. All that was visible were flailing limbs, and blood flying in all directions. When Elijah casually stepped back, the rogues were dead, their limbs scattered about.
“Holy fucking shit,” Trynnadon breathed. “Can you be any more specific?”
I growled as my hunger rose even more. “Damn it,” I snarled.
“Not a move, brother,” Elijah hissed in my ear. I cursed, and stalked off into the shadows.

SAMANTHA

Dropping my backpack on the bed, I walked over to the huge window and pulled the heavy curtain aside. I sighed and let it drop back into place. For some odd reason, I was feeling paranoid, again. Why do I feel like I’m being watched everywhere I go? Grrr, this was only the beginning of my problems. Muttering to myself, I strode to the door and opened it. The bellboy, about to knock, gave a startled look and stepped back. “Sorry,” I muttered.
He cleared his throat. “I have a message for you,” he stuttered. He held out a folded piece of paper. I frowned at it.
“From whom?” I asked.
“I-I don’t know. It doesn’t say.”
I took the paper and sighed. “Thank you. Tip?”
“N-no, it’s okay,” he said and scampered off. I scowled and let the door slam. I opened the note and read… “Be aware of your every action. One wrong move could be the end for you. Fair warning, rogue.” I growled. I am not a fucking rogue. I crumpled the note and tossed it in the trash. You are, for the moment, considered a rogue. A way too cheerful-sounding voice sang in my head. I hissed and tried to push her out to no avail. Hmm, not going to work. Get. The fuck. Out. Of. My. Head. I mentally snarled at her. What will you do if I don’t, Branson? The cheerfulness was gone from her voice. Who are you? Come outside and find out. Why should I go outside? She growled. You really do like to piss me off don’t you? Perhaps, I shall… eat every single person in this… hotel. Would that satisfy you? I’m quite… starving. No, please don’t? Then you better get your sorry ass out here. You have, oh let’s say… two minutes to get out here, or I start with the receptionist. I growled and grabbed the keycard off of the nightstand. I snarled and flung the door open. At the elevator, I punched for the ground floor and seethed. Well, one, I definitely was not paranoid, and two, someone was definitely watching me. A few seconds later, I stepped out and nearly choked as the energy pulsed against my skin. I looked over at the receptionist and the few people hanging around the lobby. Of course, they were oblivious to what I was feeling. I shook my head and pushed the doors open. I walked out and scanned the night intently, my senses on high alert.
“No need to bother.” A cool voice floated to me from out of the shadows. “You can’t sense me if I don’t wish it.” I walked toward the voice and stopped before reaching the clump of trees. “You are something,” she sighed, sounding a whole lot closer than before.
“Who are you?” I hissed.
“I’m a hunter.” I stiffened. She laughed. “If I wanted you dead, you’d be dead.”
“What do you want?”
“Me? I simply want nothing to do with you. However, the Vampiric Council does.”
“I haven’t done anything,” I said, frowning.
“According to your memories, but your subconscious says different. So therefore, I am to take you with me.”
“I am not. Going anywhere. With you,” I snarled.
“Well, I was going to say you can come willingly or I’ll force you. I’m good with whatever you choose.”
“Why are you cloaking your presence from me? I thought we can’t do that.”
“You can’t, but I can. It’s one of the perks to being a hunter.” She stepped from the shadows and eyed me expectantly. “So, what’s it going to be?”
“Do I have any choice?” I muttered. She inclined her head. “I just got here, and I’m already being summoned.” She smirked and leaned against one of the trees. Then she stiffened, her eyes narrowed. “What?” I asked.
“Sorry, you don’t. Have a choice,” she said before everything went dark.

ELIJAH

“Impatient, are we?” I drawled as Samantha and the hunter appeared before us. Tristan hissed and glared at me. I shrugged. I walked over to the hunter and smiled. Zeroing in on her thoughts, I nodded to Samantha.
“She knows what I am,” said the hunter. She took a step back from me, and she stiffened as I reached out to stop her.
“Don’t move, Brynna,” I whispered. She nodded and stared down at the floor. “Now,” I moved closer to Samantha and tilted her head back to look at me. “Have we met before?” I asked softly. She frowned and shook her head. I smirked. “Are you sure?” I asked as I slowly gave back her memory of our encounter. Her eyes widened in surprise. “So, we have met,” I said. “You seem to remember it now.” She gulped. I pulled back the memory and she blinked.
“Elijah,” Tristan growled. “Stop fucking with her.” I sighed and let go.
“What did you do?” Samantha asked. “And who are you exactly?”
I held out my hand to her. She stared at it for a long time before placing her hand in mine. I tightened my grip as she pulled back. “I am Elijah Tronis, Branson.” She flinched. “Mmhmm.”
“What did I do?” she complained.
“What did you do?” I said softly. I leaned in. “You killed an innocent,” I whispered in her ear. “Six. Years. Ago. Do you remember it now?”
She jerked away from me. “I did not!” she hissed. “If I had, I would remember it.”
“You wouldn’t, if you forced the memory to the back of your mind and refused to let it surface.” I smiled. “Who is your sire, Samantha?” I whispered.
“Delilah Carr,” she mumbled.
“Oh, really? The very same one we’re looking for?”
She frowned. “I suppose.”
“Do you, by any chance, have a thing or two that belongs to her?”
“No, sorry.” She backed up another step. “If I did, I would hand it over,” she said quickly as Tristan stalked toward her. She looked at Brynna for help, but the hunter just shook her head and flashed across the room. Tristan grabbed her and pulled her against him. She whimpered and struggled. All that got her was the tightening of his hold. She once again looked to the hunter for help.
“She can’t help you,” Tristan growled. “Even if she wanted to. Tryn?” He turned to Trynnadon and nodded to the hunter. “Take Brynna elsewhere for a minute?” Trynnadon nodded. Without question, Brynna flashed to him. He led her outside, muttering something about a name change. I snorted.
“Well,” said Raina. “They do have similarities in their names. Blame it on whoever birthed him.”
“Right,” I grumbled. I nodded to Tristan.
“Wait,” Samantha squeaked. “What are you going to do?”
“If you don’t have anything that belongs to Carr, Branson, your blood. Will have to do.” She was on the floor in a blink of an eye. I snarled and grabbed her arm before she could land a knockout blow. Instincts taking over, she tried her damnedest to free herself. Tristan’s hand locked her jaw in place before she could bite her way out. I growled and sank my fangs in her wrist, drawing the sweet blood and swallowing. I winced as her mental shriek filled my head. Hey! Evelyn’s shout was another painful blow to my poor brain. Tristan groaned and withdrew. I pulled back and nodded.
“Avery!” Evelyn yelled. Avery snarled and jerked back. I licked the two puncture wounds closed and got up.
“Why are we always last?” Taylor asked. She sent Avery flying. I groaned. I pushed Tristan off of her. Taylor and Evelyn were on her before she could even move a muscle. Tristan and I groaned as more blood filled the air. A swallow or two later, they released her. Tristan released her vocal cord, and her shrieks of pain rent the air. She writhed and thrashed and curled into a tight ball as wave upon wave of pain took her. It took all of my efforts not to launch myself at her and bite her again, not stopping until she was completely drained. Tristan snarled and was on her. Her shrieks grew impossibly louder.
“Shut her the fuck up! Please!” Evelyn shouted. I groaned. Someone please, please knock me the fuck out for the duration of this moment. I hissed to myself. I watched as Tristan opened his wrist and forced his blood down Samantha’s throat. She choked, but she wasn’t going anywhere as he plugged her nose, forcing her to swallow the blood or let it spill over. She swallowed, and thank heavens, she was no longer shrieking. Everyone let out a long hiss and relaxed slightly.
“Are you done screaming?” Tristan asked, with a dangerous tone in his voice. He pulled back and licked the remaining blood from his wrist. She gasped, and coughed, and squirmed beneath him.
“You fucking—”
“Now-now, you don’t want to finish that sentence, sweetheart.” She gulped and glared up at him. He smiled and got off of her. She flashed to her feet and was out the door. None of us made a move to stop her. “Raina, go after her, but do not interfere.” Raina nodded and yelped before disappearing into thin air. So much for warnings.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

KIRA

I grumbled and paced around the room. Ian, an unreadable expression on his face, stood against the hotel door, preventing me from leaving that damn room to feed. I glanced to the large window, wondering if I could jump out of it without hurting myself. “If you shatter that window, you’ll have to pay for the damage repairmen,” said Ian.
I snarled and flopped onto the bed. “Why can’t I feed?” I grumbled. “I’m starving,” I whined.
Ian growled and pinned me with his death glare. I stiffened. “As I’ve told you, Kira, part of feeding is learning how to control it long enough for you to either excuse yourself or find a private area to feed.”
“But—”
“You,” he interrupted me. “Don’t have it controlled yet.”
“But Tristan can’t control it either,” I complained.
He stiffened. “Don’t remind me,” he muttered. “Tristan is a little different than us,” he said.
I sat up, interested. “How so? He is a vampire, right?” He nodded. “I know he can teleport, but what else can he do?” A flicker of fear flashed across his face. “I won’t tell,” I whispered. “I swear it.”
He shifted nervously. “I can’t tell you,” he muttered.
I frowned. “Can he feel what you’re feeling right now?”
“Yes, he can.” Ian’s eyes widened, and I screeched. I turned to look behind me. In the darkest corner of the room, Tristan was eyeing me a little too… hungrily, and he had blood on his hands. Of course, my eyes decided not to cooperate with my brain as I fixed my gaze on it. “What are you staring at?” he asked in that dangerous tone of his. I blinked and tore my gaze away from the blood. Ian pointed toward the bathroom door. Tristan chuckled and flashed into the bathroom. I heard the water coming on and got up.
“Can I get blood yet?” I muttered. Ian glared at me and pulled the door open. He closed it before I could even take a step. I growled and dropped into a chair. A minute later, he came back with a human. I once again got up and crossed the room. “What now?” I whined as he moved the human away from me. I stiffened as I felt Tristan behind me, his god-awful energy beating at me. I turned my head to look at him. He was standing a good ten feet away. I shook my head and turned back to the human. Before another complaint could come out, Ian bent down to the human and bit down. Tristan and I both hissed. I moved forward and grabbed the human’s arm and pulled him into an embrace. I was going to bite him, but Tristan’s hand flashed in front of me, blocking my way to the bleeding wound. I groaned. The energy swirling in the air grew even more charged. I swallowed hard.
“Sniff,” he growled low in my ear and moved his hand, only to wrap around my throat. I gulped, and then whimpered when he tightened his grip. I closed my eyes and sniffed. I moaned as the sweet scent of the human’s blood became even more unbearable. I tried to bite him again, but Tristan’s hold on my neck became painful. I whimpered and was about to shove the human from me when his other hand shot out and held the human in place.
“What—?”
“Now, inhale,” he snarled. I slammed my head into his chest and winced. He loosened his hold on my neck and wrapped his arms around me in a tight embrace. I growled and back kicked him. It didn’t even faze him one bit. It only got him more pissed off. I gasped and squealed as he took me to the floor along with the human. What felt like spikes wrapping around my neck, I cried out in pain. “I said inhale,” he said slowly. The pain suddenly disappeared, and I took in huge gulps of air. I shuddered and bracing myself, I inhaled deeply. It felt like I was being punched in the gut. “Release him,” he said to Ian.
“No,” I groaned. Tristan jerked my head back as the human came around. He opened his mouth in a scream, but no sound came out. The fear coming off of him was palpable. “You are going to do exactly what I say,” he hissed at me. “And if you kick me again, you’re not going to get any blood for the night. Am I clear?”
“Yes,” I gasped. I wanted to scream as he got up, bringing me up with him.
“Not a step,” he whispered, and released me. I mentally screamed as he pulled the human up and sank his fangs in his neck. He swallowed a mouthful and pulled back. He looked at me and nodded. “Come.” I practically jumped on the human. Only Tristan’s hand bending my head back prevented me from striking. “My, my, hungry much, are you?” I couldn’t help it, I whined. He chuckled. “Now, you are going to take a little sip at a time.”
“Okay, okay, I will,” I said, still whining at him. He removed his hand and as hard as it was not to dart for the bleeding wound, I slowly put my mouth to his neck and drew in a little blood at a time like a good girl would. I swallowed and so wanted to plunge my fangs in deep and drain him, but Tristan’s eerie gaze on me sent shivers throughout my whole body, daring me to do just that and be in a grip of pain. That was so not what I wanted so I once again pricked the human’s neck and licked at the blood.
“Go on,” he said softly. “I won’t stop you.” With that, I sank my fangs in deep and pulled hard. Tristan laughed darkly and patted my head before getting up and walking over to Ian. I didn’t pay attention to their conversation as I drew in the warm sweet blood and swallowed. The human went limp, and it took all the self-control I had in me to pull back. I stiffened and licked the wound close. I looked up as Tristan appeared beside me. He smirked. “Good work, but…”
“But?” I asked.
“Erase his memory of you.”
“Oh.”
“Mmhmm. To make things faster, do it in the middle of feeding or before.” I nodded. “I took care of it already,” he said as I turned to stare into the human’s eyes.
“Uh, thanks,” I mumbled.
“Anytime.” I got up and nodded to the human. “Ian will take him back to his room.” I nodded. He held out his hand and looked at me expectantly. I glanced over at Ian. He smirked and nodded.
“Yes,” said Ian. “He’s going to teleport. Unless you want him to teleport you with his mind?” I turned back to Tristan and took his hand, and yep, in a blink, I found myself somewhere else. He dropped my hand and walked into another room with me grudgingly following behind. The door slammed behind me as I entered.
“Sit,” Tristan growled. I gulped and took a seat in the only available chair in the room. I looked around. Five other vampires were in the room with us. I frowned. Was I in trouble or something? I searched my memory bank and couldn’t come up with anything that I’d done wrong. “No,” he said softly. “You are not in trouble, Kira.” I shook my head in amazement. Damn him! Just… damn him! He smiled evilly, and I cursed. “I’m not doing anything. You’re just… broadcasting loud and clear.” I groaned. He chuckled. “As I’ve said, you’re not in trouble. If you were, you would know. Now, with that out of the way, these are the night stalker crew.”
“Oh,” I breathed, relaxing slightly.
“You are in the NSC HQ.” He turned to one of the vampires. “Trynnadon, Eric, welcome your newest member.”
“Sweet!” The only female vampire there got up and walked over to me. She held out her hand. “I’m Donnica. Have we met? I don’t remember.”
I took her hand and shook it. “I don’t think so,” I said. “If we did, I don’t remember either.”
“You girls have the worst memories ever,” Tristan muttered. “You haven’t officially met. You’ve seen each other before. Of course, with all that was happening… I completely understand.”
Donnica dropped my hand and nodded. “Well, at least I’m not the only girl in this crew anymore. Er, girl vampire that is.”
Tristan chuckled. “Then you two will get along quite well. Tryn, be well and keep your newest member out of trouble.” He nodded, and disappeared.
“Well,” I muttered. “Now what?”
“Now I get to show you cool stuff,” said Donnica.
“Welcome, Kira,” said Trynnadon. I nodded to him. “This is Eric, Callan, and James,” he continued, nodding to each one of them.
“Nice to officially meet you all,” I said. They all nodded and smiled. I got up and nodded to Donnica. “Lead the way?”

ASHLEY

My skin tingled as I stealthily made my way down the sidewalk, keeping to the shadows. Of course, the urge to run didn’t go away one bit, and god! My head felt like someone took a hammer to it. I looked around me, but I couldn’t see anything or anyone. Taking a deep breath, I stepped into the light and ran. I stopped abruptly and didn’t dare scream as someone grabbed me from behind. “Not another move, rogue.” I bit down hard to keep from making a sound. The coppery taste in my mouth told me that I was bleeding. Rogue? Was he talking to me? The hand on me tightened painfully, but I still didn’t make a sound.
“I found her first,” the one holding me snarled.
“And your point is?”
“I get to bite her. She smells delicious.”
“Hmm.” Bite me? What? A vampire? Oh hell fucking no. “I don’t think she’ll appreciate you nibbling on her neck.” Damn right I don’t!
“And she’s going to stop me how? She’s merely a human.”
“Merely? I have to disagree with you on that one, rogue.” I stiffened.
“What do you mean?”
“Release her, and I’ll tell you.”
“Give me your word.”
“I give you my word that I’ll tell you what she is.”
The one holding me let go of my arm. “Tell me.” I tried to run again, but I couldn’t get myself to move. Mother. Fucker. This was turning out to be the worst night of my life.
“She’s a little more than human. She can manipulate the shadows.” I gulped. How did he know?
“She can what?”
“You heard me.” The rogue grabbed me again and spun me around to face him. He bared his fangs at me. Uh oh, panic attack coming on. No, no, breathe in, Ashley, breathe out. “You don’t understand. I don’t think you want to do that.”
The rogue jerked back and snarled at the shadows. I frowned. “You said I can—”
“I did not,” the voice interrupted him.
“Who are you?”
“I’m Elijah, and you are?”
“Doesn’t matter. I can have her if I want to, and you can’t stop me.”
“Oh?” Elijah stepped from the shadows, his eyes locked on the rogue. “I take that as an insult to my intelligence.” The rogue leaned into me. I held my breath. “You wouldn’t dare,” Elijah growled. I squeaked as he was all of a sudden an inch or two behind the rogue. “Tell me, rogue, where is Delilah?” The rogue stiffened. “On behalf of the Vampiric Council,” he whispered. “I hereby order you to tell me the whereabouts of Delilah.” I squealed as I was thrown back. Elijah’s hand shot out and grabbed me before I could hit the ground. Gasping from the shock and the jolt from his hand, I stumbled to my feet and glared at the rogue.
“You. You. You,” the rogue spluttered.
“I know, I know, shocking. Now, where is Delilah?” He swallowed hard.
“1214 Crossway Lane,” I blurted out. Shit! Elijah’s hand on me tightened oh so painfully. I whimpered.
“You! Fucking! Bitch!” the rogue roared. I cringed. Oops. I’m so fucked. Nice job Ash, blurting things out again. Grrrr. Elijah let go of me, and he was so holding back a laugh. He tapped the side of my head.
“This will get you in deep trouble,” Elijah said softly. I’ve already been in trouble a billion times. I grumbled to myself. “Mmm, we’ll have to work on that, won’t we?” Shit, is he reading my mind? “I am.” Fucker! “I think we have to work on your language as well.” I groaned. He chuckled. “Before I do anything else, I have a little business to take care of.” What business? I got my answer a minute later. Elijah snarled and tackled the rogue to the ground. I held back a gasp as his fangs drove into the rogue’s neck. I winced and moved back, hands over my ears as the rogue screamed. La-la-la-la-la, I don’t hear a single thing. Grrr. I hummed “Here Comes the Bride” out loud and waited. I automatically stop humming and dropped my hands back to my side as Elijah got up and came over to me. I swallowed a laugh as he held out a hand to me. I took it and held back a scream as darkness closed around me. A second later, I found myself somewhere else. What the? I stiffened as my whole body crawled.
“1214 Crossway Lane, huh?” one of the vampires asked.
“Get out of my head,” I muttered.
Elijah cleared his throat. “Ashley, this is Tristan, Evelyn, Avery, and Taylor,” he said, gesturing to them. I nodded to them in greeting.
“Where am I and what am I doing here?” I asked.
“That’s a good question,” said Tristan. “What is she doing here?”
Elijah shrugged. “You know how we do it.”
“Ah, right… we protect the special ones… don’t we?”
“I’m not special,” I said. “I’m a—”
“Don’t,” Elijah said, cutting me off.
“But—”
“Ashley.”
“Okay, okay.”
“Be a good girl and remain silent.”
“Yes, sir,” I mumbled.
“You picking up wanderers?” Tristan asked.
Elijah grunted. “She was about to get her throat ripped open.”
“Ah.” Tristan looked over at me and smiled. “You are a shadow manipulator. What else can you do?” he asked, and then I felt a slight pressure in my head. I stiffened. Oh, please tell me you are not rummaging in my head. I blinked as he winced. Uh, what? I frowned. I gasped, and my hands flew to my ears as thoughts suddenly bombarded me. Jumble, jumble, and jumble. Do not bite her. Jumble. Do not bite her. Jumble. Wow, she really can hear me. Jumble. Oh, you poor thing. How do you live with yourself? I moaned, wishing it would just go away. A minute of silence or so, I sighed and dropped my hands. “So,” Tristan continued as if nothing ever happened. “That’s how she knows she was being followed,” he said to Elijah. “But she didn’t know you were there as well.” Elijah nodded. “Hmm.” He walked over to me and put a hand under my chin, tilting my head back to look at him. I shivered. “Tell me, I’m simply curious, how did you manage without going insane?”
“Music and talking to myself,” I mumbled.
“Of course,” he hissed, and I could see fangs, uh oh. I studied him and my surroundings more closely, that time noticing that everybody in the room was tensed up and looked about ready to pounce on me. What had I done now? He smirked. “You are bleeding,” he said, answering my question that I so didn’t ask out loud. I grimaced. He dropped his hand from my chin and stepped back. I looked down at the floor and back up as the back of my neck tingled. Uh oh, they were closing in on me. Before I could protest, Tristan’s hand shot out and grabbed me. Everything once again went dark. I gasped and didn’t get a chance to pull away as he pulled me against him. “Not a sound,” he whispered in my ear. What are—My question died abruptly as I felt two sharp points against the side of my neck. I heard a pop and Tristan jerked, his fangs no longer at my neck. Another pop went off. I turned my head and spotted the dart. I tried to pull away, but I couldn’t loosen his hold on me. He hissed.
“Hi, Tristan.” I frowned.
“Peyton,” he growled. Why wasn’t I picking up on her thoughts?
“Let her go,” a deeper voice said from behind me.
“If you want me to release her, Tryn, bring me one of your humans. On second thought, I’ll have Peyton.” I watched as the other vampire reached out and shocked him with a Taser. Tristan snarled, and I was shoved backward. Someone caught me before I could hit the ground. I watched as the two vampires lunged at each other.
“Let’s go inside,” said Peyton. I nodded and let her lead me away from the fight.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

TRISTAN

“Give up already,” Trynnadon growled, stabbing another syringe into my arm. I gritted my teeth as it graded against the bone. I groaned and fell back on the ground hard. Trynnadon pulled the needle out and watched me intently.
“This was not necessary,” I hissed.
“I prefer to have my head and heart right where it is.” He stiffened as I pulled the little prongs from my body. “Are you good?” he asked slowly.
I snarled and got another dart to the head. With lightning speed, I reached up and snatched the gun from his hand. He cursed and flashed a good few feet away from me. “Enough,” I growled and tossed it back to him. I flashed upright and pulled the gate open with enough force that… the alarm went off. I swore as my ears throbbed. The shock of it sent me back to the ground. Snarling, I got up and snatched Gabriella up, silencing her before a scream could get out.
“Tristan, no!” The alarm finally went silent, but the ringing in my ears didn’t. I ignored Trynnadon and flew into the sky with Gabriella in my arms. Oh fun, I thought as six vampires flew up after me. God, I was such an ass.
“You know how sweet your blood is?” I asked her conversationally. Let me go Tristan. Let me go. She mentally begged me. I smirked. “I would, but we are quite a good distance from earth. Would you like me to let you go here?” No! She shrieked. I winced. She shook violently in my arms, from both fear and cold. I couldn’t really blame her, being that we were several thousand feet from the ground, and I was going quite fast. I released her voice box. She screamed, and I almost dropped her as psychic assaults hit me. The split-second buzz in my veins told me that one of my siblings had just joined the chase. Still screaming, I plummeted back to earth, slowing when we got a hundred feet from the ground. Hovering, I waited for the rest to join me. Elijah grabbed the back of my neck, and squeezed.
“Let her go, brother,” he said softly. He pulled me into an embrace. I snarled and plunged my fangs into Gabriella’s throat. Elijah cursed and jerked my head back. Trynnadon was in front of me in a heartbeat. He pulled her from me and quickly closed the bleeding gash. “Fuck,” Elijah snarled and teleported. A split second of darkness, then I found myself… in the middle of nowhere? Elijah threw me across the span of field and into a tree. I hissed in pain, and he was there standing over me. “You need to do some killing,” he said dryly.
“Grab me a fucking crack addict and I’ll gladly rip out all his inner parts from his body and eat it,” I growled.
He smiled and dropped to the ground. “I have someone better.”
“Oh?” I panted. “Do tell. I am just dying to hear it,” I drawled.
He grimaced. “This is not the right moment to tell you this, but…”
I stiffened. “Spit it out,” I growled.
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Look, don’t take it out on me, but they have Audrianna.” Everything. Went. Crimson. Red. The wind around us picked up speed, the ground trembled, and I just barely moved out of the way when a tree came crashing down. I found my hands around Elijah’s throat a split second later. Flat on his back, he just looked at me. “Jayr was the messenger,” he whispered. “I’m sorry, brother.” First Tate, now Audrianna? Who the fuck was messing with me? Yeah, now I really do need to kill someone, lots of someones. “Brother, you’re burning me.” I cursed and got off of him. Elijah rubbed his neck and got up to stand beside me. “I’ll take you to Jayr, if you wish it.” I was so enraged that I didn’t notice Taylor, Evelyn, and Avery were standing around us.
“Shit,” Taylor breathed. “You told him.” I forced myself to remain still, because if I so much as twitched? The blood drenching that field? Would not belong to the fucker who took Audrianna, but that of my own brothers and sisters.
“That I did,” Elijah sighed.
Breathing hard, I pinned him with my gaze. “Come with me,” I said through gritted teeth. “The rest of you, keep an eye on Tate and Ian. Do not let them out of your sight, or I swear to god, I’ll kill you all. Family. Or not.” I took in a deep breath, held it, and let it out slowly. Don’t. Kill. Anyone. Yet. It was a mantra in my head as I grabbed Elijah and teleported. It was good timing as a vampire came out, the door slamming shut behind him.
“Wait,” Elijah whispered. “I want to see what he’ll do.”
“Of course,” I snarled. From the shadows, we watched as he pulled out a cell phone and started dialing. I hissed and jerked the phone from his hands and into mine. The vampire blinked. I stepped from the shadows, and in a blur of movements, I was several feet behind him. He scanned the night and snarled.
“Who the fuck is there?” he asked. I glanced at the phone as a female voice answered. Hmm, I wonder who this could be. The vampire spun around and snarled. Do not attack. Do not attack. I told myself as he lunged for me. Sending me flying backward, he knocked me to the ground. Grabbing my head, he slammed it once, twice against the pavement. I hissed in pain as white light flashed before my eyes. He jerked the phone from my hand and kicked me over. I groaned and reached to the back of my head, coming away with blood. Fuck. “Hey, can I call you back?” the vampire asked into the phone. Breath whooshed out of me as he snapped the phone shut and gave me a good kick to the stomach. “Who the fuck are you?” he spat at me.
“Who did you call?” I gasped out.
“None of your fucking business,” he snarled.
I groaned and got up. The vampire didn’t make another move as I backed up. “Oh, everything is my business,” I panted. I slipped into his mind and gripped it. He hissed and went to the ground, clutching his head. “Delilah,” I growled.
“Get the fuck! Out of my head!” he shouted.
“Mmm, I will. Soon.”
“Who the hell are you?”
I growled and flashed in front of him. I jerked him up. “You want to know who I am?” I snarled. Elijah’s hand came down hard on my shoulder, and by the widening of the vampire’s eyes in front of me, he hadn’t noticed another vampire was nearby. I leaned in. “Take a good look at me,” I said softly. The rogue vampire frowned and stared into my eyes. Behind me, Elijah chuckled. A long minute went by, and then the look of fear and shock crossed his face.
“Tristan?” he asked wearily.
I snarled and sent him flying. He cursed as his body impacted against the side of the house. I flashed over to him. “Now, you are going to give me answers,” I growled.
“No fucking way in hell,” he growled.
“Oh yes, you will,” I whispered. “If you don’t, I’ll snatch your girlfriend and let her watch while I slowly kill you.”
His eyes widened. “You wouldn’t,” he said.
“Oh?” I inclined my head and zeroed in on the only vampire in the house. Slipping in, I took her over. I led her out of the bedroom, through the living room, and out the front door. He gasped. I smirked. “Now where were we?” I pulled his girlfriend to an abrupt stop beside us and released her.
“What is going on here?” she asked.
“Good question,” I said. “Tell her.”
“He wants—”
“To know where Delilah is,” I interrupted him.
She scowled at me. “What business do you have with her?” she asked.
“She and I have matters to settle.”
“Anything that needs to be settled comes to me.”
I zeroed in on her thoughts and smirked. “Second in command, I see.” She stiffened and threw up mental walls, or tried to at least. “Don’t bother,” I said dryly. “You won’t get anywhere.” I sighed. “Where is Delilah?”
“I do not know where she is. She does not confide in me.”
“Now why is that so?”
“I do not question her.”
“Mmm, such loyalties. I like it. Then tell me what you know about Audrianna.” They both stiffened. That only got my blood boiling even hotter. “You know something, don’t you?” No reply from either of them.
“Who are you?” she asked, looking past me.
“That is not your concern,” said Elijah, putting a restraining hand on my shoulder. “Your concern right now should be focused on whether you’ll see sunrise.”
She snarled. “Is that a threat?”
“Sounds a lot like it to me.” She hissed. “Why don’t you be a good little rogue and tell us where Audrianna is?” His hand on my shoulder tightened as I shifted.
“We will not tell you a thing,” the male vampire snarled. I slipped into both of their minds and did a little tour. I ignored the screaming and dug deeper. Hmm, open up for me, brain.
“Hate to say it, but I told you so,” said Elijah. I smirked. Images of blood, oh so much blood, flashed before my inner mind’s eye. I hissed and slipped out. They knew exactly who I was talking about alright, but definitely did not know where she was taken. Son. Of. A. Bitch! I mentally snarled to myself.
“Get me the fuck out of here,” I snarled at Elijah.
“You won’t remember seeing us,” said Elijah. I growled. He put his arms around me and jerked me back against him. “You won’t remember having this conversation at all. I want you to go back inside as if nothing ever happened. The next time we meet, you won’t be, so lucky, as you were, tonight.”

TRYNNADON

“Hey guys?” I said, coming to a stop beside James.
“What’s up Tryn?” Donnica asked from her protective pose behind Kira.
“You all remember Audrianna?”
“Tristan’s prodigy?” I nodded. “Yeah, I heard of her.” The others nodded. Some of the humans had a “who?” Look on their faces.
“I was just informed that she’s missing.”
“What?!” a chorus of voices exclaimed.
I grimaced. “Yeah, tell me about it.” I walked over and dropped heavily onto the couch. Ashley jumped up and would have walked away if I hadn’t grabbed her hand and held on. “Ashley, I won’t hurt you. I promise.” She hesitated for a long while before finally giving up and sitting back down.
“If he puts his fangs anywhere near you, I’ll kick his ass,” said Donnica. I let her pull her hand out of mine. I leaned back and nodded to Donnica.
“Anyways,” I said. “James and Callan, I want you guys to do your thing.”
“Computer geeks,” Donnica muttered under her breath.
“Donnica, Eric, and Kira, you guys are with me.” All three nodded.
“Who was the informant?” Eric asked.
“Loria.” He nodded.
“To be on the safe side,” said Donnica. “Try to keep as far away from Tristan as possible.”
“How about from all of them?” Kira muttered.
“Or that,” she said, nodding in agreement with her.
“I’ll be their punching bag,” I said.
“Oh good! Because last time? I’ve gotten my throat ripped open like how many times now? And let me tell you, it is so not a picnic in the park.”
“It could be, you know.”
She snorted. “Elijah?” I winced. “Uh huh, I thought so.”
“You are going to be a pain in my ass, aren’t you?” I muttered.
“Mmhmm.”
I grunted. “Any questions?”
“Yeah, me,” said Kira, absentmindedly petting Fluffball the dog on her pretty little head. “Isn’t there something called a blood bond or whatever?”
“There is, but it’s not helpful when you’re being blocked out intentionally.”
“Wow, if she’s blocking him out on purpose, that means she’s…”
I nodded. “In a lot of pain, and she doesn’t want him to feel it. It would send him over the edge.” I coughed. “And right now, we need him here, at least halfway.”
She nodded and glanced at her blue alarm/GPS wristband. “And how does this work again?”
I shrugged. “I have no idea. Somehow it can tell when you’re taking too much blood.”
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully.
“Oh, don’t even think about it,” I said. “If you kill someone, the VC will have your head and then come for me.”
“All of us more likely,” Donnica grumbled.
I turned my attention on Ashley. She squirmed uneasily and turned to look at me. “How effective is your shadow?” I asked.
“What, what do you mean?”
“How long can you hold it?”
“As long as I need to, but I get tired after like half an hour or so.”
I nodded. “You and Peyton want to tag along with us?” Peyton automatically nodded. Ashley winced and shifted nervously.
“Mind reading?” she mumbled. Oh, right. I took a deep breath and pulled out my phone. “Uh,” she squeaked. “Who are you calling?”
I smirked. “Be glad that you can’t hear my thoughts.” She winced again and nodded vigorously. I quickly dialed the number and put it to my ear, stiffening as it rang on the other end.
“This better be good,” Evelyn’s cheerful voice greeted me after four rings.
I grimaced. “It’s not,” I said.
“Hmm, I thought not. What can I do for you, protector?” I hesitated. “I’m hungry, Tryn. Make it quick.”
“Do you mind if I borrow you for a few?”
She laughed. “What exactly do you want me for?”
“I was hoping you could help with blocking out thoughts.”
“Ah, Ashley.”
“Yes.”
“If I do help you, what will I get in return?” I mentally groaned. I so knew this was coming. Argh. “Hmm?” she asked when I didn’t answer.
“Anything,” I said tightly.
“Anything?”
I gritted my teeth. “Yes.”
“My, my, Tryn, you sound so unsure of yourself.” She chuckled. “Don’t worry, I will tell you your end of the bargain later.” I cursed. “No need to get all worked up about it. Tell them I’m coming now.”
I turned to the humans. “Evelyn is going to be here,” I said to them.
“Teleporting?” Peyton asked. I nodded, and then I heard the line on the other end cut off. I hung up and slipped the phone back in my pocket. Not a second too soon, Evelyn appeared out of nowhere. Fluffball hissed and jumped from Kira’s lap and ran downstairs.
“Is she here yet?” Ashley asked.
“Nope, not yet,” said Donnica.
“Liar,” she said, opening her eyes. Donnica smirked.
“Good to see you, too,” said Evelyn. She nodded to Ashley. “They’ve explained everything to you, right?” Ashley nodded. “Very good.” She stiffened, but didn’t say anything as she rummaged around in her head. She turned to me. “I will put Brynna with you as well.” I nodded. “With that, let’s hope we find Audrianna sooner than later, and bring her back to my brother alive and in one piece.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirteen

KIRA

I pulled at the wristband and let it snap against my wrist as we made our way to the gate. Four vampires and two humans. What a great team, huh? I couldn’t help it but glance at Peyton and Ashley every ten seconds or so. We stopped at the gate as Trynnadon lifted the latch and pulled it open. We walked through it and made our way to Evanston Avenue. A hand on my arm drew me to a stop. I stiffened. “The N. S. C,” a cool voice floated to us from somewhere. The cool morning air blew around us like a gentle caress. It was fucking awesome against my skin.
“Welcome, Brynna,” said Trynnadon.
Brynna dropped from the trees and came over to us. “Thank you. It’s a pleasure to be here,” she said, the coldness gone from her tone. She opened the bag she was carrying and pulled out a blood bag. She handed it to me. I groaned and ripped into it. “Evelyn says today is a good day to practice your self-control.” I inwardly cursed. She handed me another one and took the empty one from my hand. “Just remember that we’ve all been in your place before. Your sire should be the one teaching you these things, but since that asshole of a fucker isn’t here, you have us.” I tore into the second bag and nodded, suddenly feeling all warm and fuzzy inside. I drained it and handed it to her. She took it and closed the bag. “So, have any idea where to begin?” she asked everyone at large. “Because I sure as hell don’t.”
“Patrol?” I offered.
“And hope a rogue stumble our way?”
“Yep.”
“Ah, guys,” Peyton said nervously. “I think there’s another vampire here.” We spun around just as Elijah came into view. She and Ashley backed up a step or two.
“Nice little crowd,” Elijah growled. He came to a stop a few feet from us. “I’m out here to hunt,” he growled. I stiffened. “So get a move on, Brynna.”
“I’m just curious,” said Donnica. “Are you on a hunt for humans or vampires?” His eyes flashed. “Er, maybe I shouldn’t have asked that,” she muttered.
“Are you volunteering?” he snarled. He moved closer, but stopped himself after a step. “I take that as a no.” He hissed, baring his fangs. Ashley whimpered. “Grab your humans. And get. Out. Of. Here.” With that, I picked Peyton up and super sped my ass out of there. I groaned as someone cursed in pain, and I was glad that it wasn’t… me. Peyton whimpered. Elijah was catching up. Someone slammed into me from behind and caught us before we could fall flat on our faces.
“Give me Peyton,” Trynnadon snarled. “He wants you.” I squeaked and let go of Peyton. He grabbed her and shoved at me. “Go.”
“Why?” I whispered.
“Keep running, I’ll tell you.” I took a deep breath and once again took off. “Move faster.” I hissed and sped up. “I forgot to mention that sudden movements break their self-control.”
“Doesn’t it for all of us?”
“Yeah, unlike us, any sudden movements mean the hunt is on for them.”
“Great,” I muttered. “We have no way of stopping Elijah then.”
“There is, but we’ll have to be in biting distance to get it.” He swore. “Teleportation would come in great use right about now.”
“Guys, go faster,” Brynna gasped. Suddenly, the fear that was choking her reached me. I sucked in a sharp breath, and it caught in my throat as what felt like an invisible rope jerked me to a stop. Trynnadon snarled and grabbed me before I could slam headfirst into concrete. Behind us, the others hissed and growled. “No!” Brynna screamed and then I hit the ground, hard. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. I screamed as Elijah flipped me over so that I was staring up at the brightening sky. Brynna moved forward, but an animalistic growl brought her to a halt. I tried to move into a sitting position, but a pale hand flashed in front of me and shoved me back down. I whimpered as my head impacted with the pavement. Still snarling and growling, Elijah came into my view. He loomed over me and hissed. I cringed. Before I could get a word out, a cold hand gripped my arm painfully and jerked me up. “Don’t look him in the eyes,” Brynna whispered to me. “He’s fighting it. That’s why he’s not going for your throat.” He jerked me against him, and I stiffened.
“You’re going to do exactly as I say,” Elijah snarled. He held my head still before I could even nod. “If you don’t? I’ll drain every drop. Of. That. Blood. Of yours.” I didn’t make a move as something hard pressed against my hand. I gripped whatever it was and waited. “I want you. To stab me. Right. Now.” Then I screamed again as his fangs descended toward my neck. I jerked back, but not in time as I felt the flesh tore away. Still screaming, I dropped to the ground and stabbed upward and into his thigh. I pulled the blade out and got up. He screamed and grabbed me.
“In the stomach, Kira!” Brynna shouted from somewhere. I pushed at him and when that got me nowhere, I found myself flying through the air. I screamed again as Elijah caught me mid-flight. Luckily, the switchblade was still in my hand. I stabbed him in the side. That time, it went in deep. Elijah screamed in pain. Shit, he was in so much pain. We both crashed to the ground. I cried out as pain shot throughout my whole body.
“Stab him!” Ashley and Peyton shouted at the same time. “Stab him!” I did as I felt his fangs sinking into my arm. That time, he didn’t let go. I ripped my arm away, unbearable pain washing over me. I pushed him off and rolled on top of him, keeping far away from those lethal motherfucking fangs of his. He snapped at me, but didn’t push me off. Taking a deep breath and with all the strength I could gather, I drove the blade deep into his stomach and winced. He screamed, and that time he kept at it. I was about to pull the blade out and stab again, but a steel hold on my wrist stopped me. I glanced down. Screaming in pain, he still had the strength to grip my wrist and hold on, preventing me from taking the damn thing out. His blood along with mine drenched the ground. Suddenly, I felt a shift in the air and a hand on my shoulder.
“I got him from here, Kira,” said Evelyn. I sighed in relief and got off of him. He let go of my wrist the moment she appeared. I winced again. Oh, he was so going to decap me the moment he was back to his normal self. Evelyn nodded and both she and Elijah disappeared into thin air.
“Shit,” I said.
“Fuck,” said Ashley. I turned to face them. Fuck was the right word for it as all eyes including mine locked on her neck. I tore my eyes away only to find Peyton. I cursed loudly. Trynnadon blinked and cleared his throat. He straightened and came over to me.
“Come on,” he said tightly. I took his hand and we flew into the sky. I groaned and winced in pain as we made our way back to headquarters.

ELIJAH

White-hot pain coursed through me, melting me from the inside out. More pain was added as Evelyn dropped the steel-coated chains on me. A scream tore from my throat. “Damn you!” I snarled at her. She didn’t say anything as she continued to wrap more chains around me. Mother… fucker! God did it really hurt. The metal under me shook violently as the end of the chain caught. I heard the snap and the clanking as she came around to peer down at me.
“Haven’t been chained up in a long ass time, huh?” she asked.
“Remove the blade,” I gasped.
“Sorry, no can do.” I screamed as she punched the hilt of the blade, burying it deeper if possible. “Look at it this way,” she continued. Panting, I growled at her. “You’ve already healed, if I pull it out, you’ll lose more blood. And besides, it keeps you from using your powers.”
“Is this a brother-sister bonding moment?” I snarled.
“Hmm, might as well be. Avery and Taylor are busy keeping Tristan from turning this state into Deathville. So therefore, I get to keep you from going on a murdering spree. You know full well I can’t take you on by myself.”
“Give it a shot,” I hissed.
“Oh no, Elijah. Not happening.” A warm feeling washed throughout my whole body, completely numbing the pain. I let go of the hold I was holding on to and went limp. “So, let’s talk without you snarling at me.”
“You are going to deny me blood?” I rasped out. “Such a cruel thing to do, even for you.”
She shrugged. “Only for a short time.” I breathed in the cool air and held it for a long ass time, and slowly, oh so slowly, let it out. “So, what’s up with Kira stabbing you? Was that intentional?”
I growled in irritation. “I let her.”
She blinked. “Oh? That’s new. Thankfully she didn’t cut herself by accident or something.”
I inwardly winced. “She had a death grip on it.”
She smirked. “I bet she did.” I bared my fangs at her. I wanted blood, and I wanted it now. Evelyn shook her head. “Not yet. So retract those sharp ass fangs of yours.”
I snorted. “What good would that do?” She shrugged and then stuck one of her fingers in my mouth. My eyes narrowed dangerously. She pushed at one of my fangs, and I groaned as a trickle of blood went down my throat. “Evelyn,” I growled in warning. She pulled her hand away, but not before I bit down.
“Ow,” she muttered and licked her wound close.
I chuckled. “Your fault, not mine.”
“Granted.” I frowned. “Raina found Tecrayle.”
“Oh really?”
“Mmhmm, she passed the message onto me when she couldn’t find you.”
“Hmm.”
“He has a friend with him.”
“Who?”
“He goes by the name of Byron, and before you say anything, I’ve already summoned them via the red card.” I nodded. She sighed. “I hear—” I screamed as agonized pain took me over, but it wasn’t pain from the chains or from the blade still protruding from my stomach. It was from deep inside me. I couldn’t hear anything, but the screams of my own, and that of my siblings. Someone was in trouble.
“Evelyn! Release me! Now!” Chains flew off of me, and I fell to the floor. Fighting to keep conscious, I gripped the hilt of the blade, and pulled. More blood flew to the floor. My hunger forgotten for the time being, I grabbed Evelyn and ran. The pain intensified, dropping both of us to the living room floor. “What the fuck!”
“It’s Tristan!” Evelyn screamed. She pushed me off of her and struggled her way over to him. Taking in huge gulps of air, I pulled myself over to them. Black dots danced before my eyes, but no way in hell I was going under. I reached out, but Avery grabbed me and pulled me away.
“Don’t,” he gasped. “He’s in more pain when we touch him.” Finally, an eternity later, Tristan dropped the shield linking us to him, and the pain was gone. I gasped and dropped back to the floor panting, the blade still clutched in my hand. He was the only one left screaming as whatever torturous things Audrianna was being put through took him along for the ride.
“Oh my god,” Evelyn choked out. “Oh my god, somebody kill me.” I groaned. You and me both, you and me both. Tristan let out a bloodcurdling scream, and was out.
“Holy. Fucking. Shit,” Taylor said shakily. She moaned. “Damn it.”
“We need to get underground,” I rasped out.
“I don’t think I can teleport,” Evelyn panted. “If any of you can, go for it.” I took in several deep breaths and dropped a mental rope around everyone in the room. With another round of deep breaths in and out, I teleported. A blink of an eye later, blissful cold air hit me. I dropped the blade and curled into myself as my hunger also returned. I snarled and slammed myself against the concrete wall. In a flash, Avery was beside me. He grabbed me and threw me face down on the ground. He pulled my arms behind my back, and I felt the heavy cold steel of handcuffs on my wrist. I hissed as he activated it. The cuffs vibrated for a split second and stilled. If I so much as moved my arms, over five hundred thousand volts of electricity would course through me. Not only that, two inches of retractable venom coated blade would shoot out and imbed itself in my wrists, and stay there until I either stopped fighting it or someone removed them.
“Woot, this is going to be bad,” Taylor said cheerfully.
“Shut up, Taylor,” Evelyn muttered under her breath. “Avery, put one on Tristan, too, but don’t activate the cuffs yet. Wait until he wakes up.” I growled low in my throat. The muscles in my arms twitched ever so slightly. Evelyn’s hand rested on my lower arm and squeezed. “Not a move, brother.” I snarled in frustration as my beast demanded blood. I wouldn’t be surprised if I all of a sudden had claws protruding from my fingers. “You can’t be around humans right now.”
“You think I don’t know that?” I snarled.
“I’m just reminding your stupid beast,” she snapped.
I growled. “Well, he doesn’t want to listen to a fucking word you’re saying.”
She pressed down hard on my arms. “Fine,” she growled, and then pain once again exploded in my head. Just as abruptly as it came on, it went away. “Not a move,” she snarled. “If you bleed, I’ll stab you in the heart with your own blade.” Oh, that she would. I groaned and swore. “We all need to be here when Tristan wakes.” I took in a deep breath and held it. “I’m going to turn you over.” I growled in response. Holding my arms in an unbreakable hold, she turned me until I was looking up at the ceiling. “Remember, do. Not. Move. Got it?” I hissed at her, the cuffs digging into my back. “I said—” She cursed. She pulled me into a sitting position. She deactivated the cuffs and quickly unlocked them. They fell away from my wrists, but I made no move as my eyes locked on Tristan, who was twitching and jerking involuntarily. A painful gasp tore from his throat. I winced. How the hell was he able to keep us from feeling the pain along with him, and why was Audrianna letting him in this time? He snarled, baring his fangs, and with that, his control on his powers broke. What felt like an avalanche hit us full force, blasting us all across the underground room. I screamed as I impacted against the wall on the other side. If it were above ground, I would have gone through it as easily as if it was made of cardboard. Since it was reinforced steel and concrete, instead of going through, I crashed to the floor. For a few minutes, I just lay there, allowing the pain to subside somewhat. When I could move without screaming, I hissed out a breath and got up, walking back to him. Thankfully, when we let it out in one huge blast of power, only the pulsating energy of combined powers came rushing out. What would happen if fire and ice clashed together? I don’t even want to know. I dropped to the ground beside Tristan and put a hand on his chest. He let out another painful gasp. On his other side, Evelyn groaned. “Shit.”
“Tristan,” I snarled. At the sound of his name, his eyes popped open. Pure animalistic rage was in those burning, pitch black eyes. He hissed, a clear fluid dripping from his fangs. He convulsed under my hand, and I cringed. I looked between Evelyn, Avery, and Taylor, wondering what the fuck to do. I glanced back to Tristan. Holy fuck, I shuddered. I couldn’t imagine what hell he was going through. Although I had a good idea that it was more painful than what we all experienced through the mental connection. His eyes rolled to the back of his head. Evelyn and Taylor moaned.
“Tristan, if you keep this up, I’m going to cry myself to death,” Evelyn choked out. Tristan choked and the gurgling noise was a split second of warning. In a blur, we had him on all fours, or rather on his knees since his hands were still cuffed behind his back. He coughed, and that was all it needed. He projectile vomited blood and it went everywhere. A couple more projectiles of blood vomiting, his breath caught before a fountain of blood poured from his mouth. Looked like I wasn’t the only one covered in blood after all. I growled and seethed as he continued to throw up. A guttural growl ripped from him. I tensed. His breathing coming out in painful rasps, he went completely limp. I pulled him away from the large ass pool of blood and gently lowered him to the ground.
“Guys, I really need to feed,” I said, panting.
“I called Ari, Raina, Adalyn, and Jade,” Evelyn choked out. “I’ll get them,” she said and was gone. Not a minute later, she reappeared with four very nervous vampires. Avery was on Adalyn in a heartbeat.
“Fucking hell,” Raina gasped and flashed over to me. “What about Tristan?” she asked.
I removed my hands from Tristan’s shoulders and pulled her to me. “No,” I growled softly to her.
“But—”
“He’ll throw it back up.” She gave a startled scream as I darted for her throat. Snarling, I plunged my fangs deep into her neck. She jerked in my arms as I drew in a mouthful of blood and swallowed. I growled and pulled harder. That definitely wasn’t going to be enough. The warm sweet blood filled my mouth and I swallowed. Raina once again jerked in my embrace. When I was a little satisfied, I gave one last pull and withdrew. She sniffed and growled.
“You’re welcome.”
“Thanks,” I muttered.
She rolled her eyes at me. “Now I need to feed.”
“Mmhmm,” I said, pulling back a little to stare her in the eyes. She stiffened, knowing very well what was to come. Her expression went blank as my compulsion rolled her. “When you feed,” I said softly. “You will not kill any humans.”
“I won’t kill any humans,” she said in a monotone.
“Good girl,” I said and released her.
She pulled away from my embrace and got up. “Well, I’ll see you later?” I nodded. She took Evelyn’s outstretched hand and was gone. Now it was only me, several feet underground. I looked back and Tristan and snarled. It was turning out to be the most fucked up day in history. I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Why! Oh, why! Did it have to be him? I closed my eyes, wishing like hell that I could take away all his pain, all his anguish, all his misery, everything. Just this once.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fourteen

Five hours twenty-three minutes and ten seconds later, and Tristan was still out of it. I leaned against the concrete wall behind me and smirked. After that feeding episode, we cleaned him up and moved into another underground room. Now there I was, dressed in fresh cleaned clothes, and keeping an eye on him, who was, by the way, completely naked. The only thing on him was the handcuffs. I sighed. “You finally deserve a reward, brother,” I drawled. “Wake up.” I don’t know how many times I’ve said that, but fuck, I wanted him to awake, damn it! “You know, I’m getting bored talking to myself here.”
“Elijah,” Taylor called out to me. I straightened. “Ian and Tate are here.”
I sniffed and groaned. They weren’t the only ones there. “Only Ian and Tate may come down here,” I called back to her. “You know that.”
“Very well, in fact.”
I crossed the room and went through the door. I winced as I saw the puddle of blood on the ground. I flashed to the second doorway and looked up the stairs. I nodded to Ian and Tate. “The NSC are not allowed down here.”
She gave me an annoyed look. “Don’t worry. I didn’t even let them through the first door.” She smirked.
“What are the kids doing here?”
She shrugged. “They wanted to come, so they did. And before you bite my head off, I didn’t teleport them here.” I sighed. “They came with Trynnadon and the rest.”
I grunted. “Don’t let the kids near here, especially Jane.”
She nodded. “Evelyn is watching over them.”
I nodded. “Ian, Tate, come.” In ten seconds or less, they were both standing in front of me, looking past me to the blood. They both winced. I grimaced and turned. “He’s in here,” I said heavily and carefully made my way around the blood and into the other room. They blinked the moment they saw him. I willed the heavy doors to slam shut and leaned against it. “Modesty should be the least of your concerns,” I muttered.
“How long has he been out?” Ian practically snarled at me.
“Over five hours.”
He gritted his teeth. “Fuck!” He frowned. “Can we feed him?”
I shook my head. “He’ll probably throw it back up.”
“Hmm.” He dropped to the ground beside Tristan and leaned over him, a hint of fear leaking off him as he lifted Tristan’s upper lip. “I thought our fangs retract when we’re in pain. I guess not.” I watched as he pried Tristan’s mouth open and struck his own wrist and let the blood drip into Tristan’s mouth. He pulled his healed wrist away, and waited. When nothing happened, I blew out a breath. I walked over to Tristan and froze as his eyes popped open. Ian flashed to his feet and grabbed Tate, moving in a blur as they made their way to the other side of the room. I didn’t move, breathe, or make a sound as Tristan and I continued to lock eyes. I stiffened as a low growl was heard. Without warning, the cuffs snapped open. I jumped on him and held him down before he could get up.
“Tristan, do you know where she is?” I whispered. His eyes flashed. I tightened my hold on him. “Tell me.”
He laughed darkly. “In a holding cell.”
I blinked. “Where?”
“I don’t know.”
“Port to her.”
“I didn’t see it,” he snarled.
“Do you—?” My breath whooshed out of me as I was slammed against the wall, Tristan’s hand in my… chest. Holy shit!
“Tristan!” Ian and Tate both shouted in horror. He didn’t give any notice of them as he continued to stare at me.
“Don’t… do… this… brother,” I gasped out. Oh yes, your chest being punched through hurts. “We’ll… get… her… back… I… promise.” I felt the air shift and heard the sound of several horrified gasps as Taylor, Evelyn, and Avery appeared. I didn’t dare make a move as Evelyn came up behind him. One swift yank of my heart and I’d truly be dead. I mentally sighed. My five thousand years on earth was about to either be spared or ended. If it was the latter, I hoped it was quick.
“Tristan,” Evelyn said, barely getting the word out. “You don’t want to do this, brother. Please.” Oh my god oh my god oh my god, please do not kill me. I silently begged him. “Tristan, focus. That’s Elijah you’re killing.” They enclosed us. She put out a hand and touched his arm. “Tristan, come back to us. Ian and Tate are here.” I sucked in a sharp breath as he squeezed ever so slightly. “Come back to us. You can fight it. Release Elijah. He’s our brother. You don’t want to kill him. We’re in this together. Please, please, please let him go.”
I held my breath as he slowly, slowly, very slowly pulled his hand out of me. I gasped and dropped to the floor, trembling. “Oh. My. God,” I choked out. “I can’t believe it.”
Taylor pulled me up and into her embrace. “He didn’t mean it,” she whispered shakily. “He didn’t mean it.”
I swallowed hard, once, twice. “I know.”
“Evelyn, chain him up.”
“God! Fucking! Damn it!” Evelyn snarled. “Avery, come help me.” I shuddered. Taylor held me tighter. Holy hell, my own brother almost fucking killed me. I couldn’t fucking believe it. Not in a million fucking years! I groaned. Audrianna, you better be alive when we find you.
“Let’s go hunt,” Taylor whispered in my ear. “Get your mind off of things. Just for tonight.” Her voice shook with the effort of holding back her tears. I took in a deep breath and nodded.

AVERY

Rage barely contained, I dragged Tristan into another room, which was a whole lot smaller than the previous two. I spun him around and shoved him up against the far wall. Evelyn, breathing hard, snapped the cuffs back on him, this time activating them. I let go of him and growled. Evelyn disappeared only to reappear several seconds later with the heavy steel reinforced chains in her hands. “Tristan, if you can hear me. Turn around,” Evelyn commanded. I snorted. She sighed and reached out, turning him around to face us. The moment the chain made contact with his skin, it sizzled, but Tristan gave no indication to how much pain he was in. “I give you my word, brother. We. Will. Find. Her.”
I rested a hand on his chest and looked him straight in the eye. “Whoever is behind this will pay. This I can assure you,” I said and walked out, leaving Evelyn to finish the task of chaining him up. I made my way up six flights of stairs, stopping before the first door. I put a hand on the knob and pushed it open. It slammed shut behind me as I made my way down the hall and into the living room. No one made a move or a sound as I entered and looked around. I was practically vibrating with energy. Jane shrank back as I passed her on my way to the front door. “Get them out of here,” I snarled. “Unless you want to be the first to actually die, then stay.” I pulled the door open and stalked into the night.
The night air whipped against me as I sped across town. I ground out a curse as my phone buzzed. I launched myself into the sky and dropped onto the roof of a building. I pulled out my phone and glanced at the number before answering. “Yes?”
“Avery,” Adalyn hissed into the phone. I stiffened. “I have a dozen rogues after me. I’m on Broadway Boulevard—” I didn’t let her finish the sentence as darkness briefly closed around me.
“I’m here,” I said tightly and hung up. Slipping the phone back into my pocket, I sniffed and inhaled deeply. It reeked of rogues, and I could hear them everywhere. Their fun was about to end. I snuck up behind the three rogues farther back and snatched one of them. I silenced him before a word could escape him. I dug my fingers into his back and ripped out his spine. I dropped him and smiled as all the rogues turned at the wet sound. “How’s it going?” I drawled. I grabbed another one and punched my hand into her chest, yanking her heart out. “Tell me, who are you after?” I bent down and ripped the head off the spineless rogue. Snapping out of their stunned state, all six left standing rushed me only to smack into an invisible barrier. They cried out in pain and crumbled to the ground just as Elijah and Taylor stepped from the shadows. Behind me, Adalyn hissed.
“Well, well, well,” said Elijah. “Is tonight a special night or what?”
“Yeah, right?” said Donnica as she and the NSC joined us. “How rude of you guys for not inviting us to the party.” She sniffed. “As you can see, I like going to parties.” Oh, she was such a liar.
“This is going to be fun,” Brynna practically sang. She came over to stand beside me, the custom-made gun in her hand. I pulled the hunter into my embrace. I won’t kill them just yet. She mentally said to me. She pulled her gun hand free of me and pointed it at one of the rogues on the ground. “So who wants to talk?”
“Release us!” one of them snarled.
“We’re going to play my version of Russian roulette.” She aimed the gun at the rogue who had spoken and chuckled. “Here are the rules,” she purred. Avery, let me go. She whispered in my head. I nodded and dropped my arms back to my side. “I ask you a question, you answer truthfully. If you don’t? One of you is going to die a terrible death tonight.” I dropped a mental hold on them and moved them until they formed a circle. “So, who will be the one leaving us forever?” She inclined her head. “I don’t feel like spinning the gun. Does anybody have a bottle with them that I can borrow?” she asked as she flew into the air, dropping in the center of the circle.
“You can’t kill us with that,” said another rogue.
She laughed. “If I were you, I’d be praying to the devil for a lucky chance to see daylight.”
“Regular bullets can’t kill us,” he snarled. He was right. Regular bullets couldn’t kill us, but the single bullet in that gun, unknown to the rogues and the NSC, was coated with the blood and poison of my own and that of my siblings. Elijah, the bastard, just had to add a drop of his blood while wielding fire to it. So instead of screaming from only pain, you were also slowly burning from the inside out. I mean literally burning until you were nothing but a pile of ash. Brynna smiled.
“If I were you, I wouldn’t be so sure about that,” she whispered.
“But—” The cocking of the gun shut him up abruptly.
“Would you like to be my first?” she asked sweetly.
“No, no.”
“Then shut. The. Fuck. Up.” She gave a thoughtful look as Ashley walked over to the circle and held out a water bottle. Brynna took it from her and grinned. “Awesome, now we can get this started.” Ashley shuddered and walked back to her place beside Peyton. She moved the rogues into a sitting position.
“Brynna, Brynna, Brynna,” Elijah said in amusement. “If I knew how much you loved this game of yours, I would have you do all the questioning.”
She laughed. “Are you going to promote me, Elijah? We can always add a new rank to the four we already have, you know.” She gave him a pout. “Like the death dealer perhaps?”
Elijah laughed darkly. “I will take that into consideration, hunter.”
She practically was bouncing up and down like a schoolgirl. “Okay, okay, let’s get the game going. Say the word.”
“Such an impatient girl,” he softly growled. “Brynna Suphryn, on the behalf of the Vampiric Council, I hereby grant you my permission to take out any or all of these rogues in the span of six days or less. Do you wish to withdraw this contract or extend it?”
“Hell. Fucking. No!” I couldn’t help it. I laughed and shook my head at her. “Very well, hunter, after six days, your time is up. Any rogues that are still alive will be immediately executed. No questions asked. Am I clear, hunter?”
She bowed down to him and nodded. “Yes, sir. I understand perfectly.”
“Then you may proceed.” Taylor and Elijah made their way over to me. “This street will be cleared of traffic until sunrise. Then we’ll have to take them elsewhere. Those of you who don’t want to be here. Leave now.” When no one made a move, he pinned Trynnadon with a murderous glare. Trynnadon sighed heavily and nodded.
“Eric, get the humans out of here before Elijah bites me again.” I smirked. Not if I get to you first. I mentally growled at him. I laughed softly as he stiffened. “Now,” he said tightly. Peyton, Ashley, Jane, and Ryah walked over to Eric, muttering under their breaths. Alyssa, however, didn’t move. Without any warning, Peyton screamed, a split second before Brynna fired off a round and shadows within shadows descended upon all of us, and more screams rent the night air. I hissed, knowing exactly who had just came out to play. The screams around me died off suddenly, and a heavy, eerie silence hung in the air.
“Where is Evelyn?” I said, almost choking on the thrums of power all around me.
“I’m here,” Evelyn gasped. Another scream pierced the air followed by a gasping choking sound. I winced. Poor. Poor. Hunter.

BRYNNA

I choked as very hot fingers stroked my hair. Oh fucking god. I shook violently as another hand touched my chin, tilting my head back. Of course, all I saw was darkness. Such a devoted hunter you are. A whispery voice sounded in my head, sending another violent tremor through me. Your contract has been revoked. Tell them. Once I could breathe again, I screamed. After a long minute or a lifetime, I stopped. There was no point in screaming. That’s my girl. I shuddered. “Elijah,” I said. My voice shook and I cursed myself for it. “My contract has been revoked.” I got no answer in response. Argh, I wanted to be the one to kill them, but at the moment, I valued my life too much to die for it.  He released me, and I once again screamed as the ground fell away from me. I heard several more screams, hisses, and snarls. Something hard smacked me from behind, or should I say, I slammed into it. Blissfully, the darkness lifted, and I stopped screaming. I found myself… underground? Yep, the concrete walls were telling enough. I slowly looked around me. All of the humans were knocked unconscious. I winced.
“You didn’t think I would miss all the fun now did you?” Tristan pulled back his hood and smirked. Elijah, Taylor, Evelyn, and Avery shifted nervously. I frowned at them. Tristan sighed and turned to Elijah, who all of a sudden went very still. He didn’t so much as breathe as Tristan walked over to him. “Elijah,” said Tristan, a pained expression on his face. Now I definitely was confused. I glanced at the NSC and gave them a questioning look. Trynnadon and Eric both shook their heads. They had no idea what was going on either. “I am truly sorry for what I did to you.” Tristan grimaced. “I can never forgive myself for that.” Elijah held up a hand before he could continue.
“Not another word,” Elijah said softly. Tristan blinked at him. “I completely understand. If I was in your place, I would have done anything, killed anyone.”
“I almost killed you, remember?” Gasps broke out. Tristan glared at us. The room fell back into silence after that.
“Yes, but you didn’t,” said Elijah.
Tristan muttered something unintelligible under his breath. “I’ll let it go for now.” Elijah nodded. “Right now,” he growled. “I have things to clean up.” Whatever was holding him sane for that short amount of time snapped completely as he fell to the ground, and snarled. All of the vampires, including myself, moved away from him, dragging the humans far out of his reach. The only ones that didn’t move were the rogues who were completely unaware of what was going on. Tristan gave an animalistic growl and jerked one of the rogues to him and plunged his fangs in deep. The rogue gave a bloodcurdling scream before it died off with a gurgle. He tossed the rogue across the room, his head popping off before even hitting the ground. I winced and covered my ears as the remaining rogues came back to awareness and screamed. We watched as, one by one, Tristan ripped into them as if they were the best thing on earth. When there were no more rogues left, he spun around and fixed his hungry eyes. On the humans.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifteen

TRISTAN

The rushing of blood was loud in my ears. The multiple heartbeats were like a beacon, and I was drowning in the sweet scent of human and vampire combined. Not them! I repeatedly snarled to myself as I continued to stare at the five unconscious humans. Eleven vampires simultaneously got up and stood over them, blocking them from my view. Growling, I launched myself into the air and met Evelyn head on. She snarled and sent me flying backward. She was on me in a blink, taking me to the ground hard. I screamed as Avery, Elijah, and Taylor let loose their powers. Held immobilized, I seethed as the NSC jumped in, and what a lucky bunch of fuckers they were. “I’m sorry, Tristan,” Kira groaned before stabbing me in the heart with my own fucking blade. I stared at her in surprised, and smiled.
“You. Are. The first,” I gasped. My last thought was of Audrianna before pain and darkness consumed me, utterly, and completely.

KIRA

Several eyes locked on me, my hand still gripping the hilt of the blade buried in Tristan’s chest. Shock and disbelief flashed across their faces. In my case, it was mind-numbing terror. This was so wrong in so many ways. Slowly, I removed my fingers from the blade and rolled off of him. Why did I do that? Why? I watched in horror as Elijah bent down and with the utmost care, carefully, slowly, inch by inch, pulled out the silver blade. He set the blade down and tore into his wrist as Evelyn pried Tristan’s mouth open. I couldn’t even move as I continued to watch. Blood flowed into his mouth, and Elijah hissed as he reopened the wound. “Stay here,” he said before disappearing with Tristan, Evelyn, Avery, and Taylor. I groaned, wishing the ground would just open up and swallow me whole, but that wasn’t the case as Brynna flashed to me and jerked me up and slammed me against the wall, pinning me.
“How fucking dare you!” she snarled. “If you so much as twisted that blade, you would have killed him! Do you have any idea of the consequences!?” Before I could choke out a response, she slammed her forearm into my throat. She reached into her pocket, pulling out a syringe and uncapped it. I cried out in pain as she stabbed the needle into my neck. “I am sorry for this,” she growled and pushed down the plunger. Hot sensation washed through me as whatever it was took effect. She took a deep breath and let it out sharply. The world around me started to tilt crazily as she dragged me to the opened door. A hand shot out and grabbed me before I could even yelp in shock. I didn’t even get to see who it was as my senses disappeared altogether, but I could tell that I was still conscious and slowly slipping away.
Hours must have passed, because I was starving as I blinked my eyes open. It felt like someone had taken a hammer to my head. Hell, they probably had. I groaned and swore as I realized that I was handcuffed to a chair. I was now a hundred percent sure that I was in major trouble, and not the kind where you just get yelled at and get over it kind of trouble. Nope, it was the better-talk-fast-or-you’re-dead kind of trouble. I sighed and looked around. Of course, there was nothing but the four walls around me. Judging by how small the room was, I figured it was a holding cell. How long was I in there? I stiffened as I heard what sounded like an intercom coming on. “You’re finally awake,” said Elijah. “Hmm, if you were not a fledgling, I would have killed you on the spot.” I shuddered. “For Donnica’s sake, I will not harm you.” Fangs pierced my lower lip, and I winced. “With that said, you will go without blood for however long Tristan remains in a healing coma.” I jerked. No, no, no no no no, please no.
“Let me talk to her,” I said. “Please?”
“You may not.” I cursed as the intercom turned off. Mother. Fucker. I growled. How long would a healing coma last? I prayed it wasn’t long. Why did I have to stab him in the fucking heart? Fuck. My. Damn. Life.

TRYNNADON

This was bad. Oh, was it bad. Damn it you, Kira, damn it you. I growled as I repeatedly cut open my wrist, letting the blood pour down Tristan’s throat. I caught the blood bag thrown at me and ripped into it. The moment the bag was emptied, Evelyn snatched it out of my hand and shoved another one at me. “That’s enough,” she growled. I pulled my wrist away and licked the remaining blood off. She slammed a piece of paper on the side table and stomped out of Tristan’s room. I took in a deep breath, and walked out after her. She stopped at the front door and turned. “Do you wish to take Kira with you?” she snarled. I nodded. “Very well.” A minute or so later, a shocked Kira made her way toward me. She was jerked to a stop beside me. “You will be notified when to officially appear before us.” The door crashed open, and we were propelled out. “Remember, she gets no blood. Now get out before Elijah changes his mind and keeps her here.” I grimaced and turned to Kira just as the hunter stepped from the trees. “She is still with you,” Evelyn said when I gave her a questioning look. “Until you find Audrianna.” I nodded. “If you find anything of interest, call me.”
“I will,” I said and launched myself into the sky.
“Damn, Kira,” Donnica breathed. “I still can’t believe you did that. Talk about a bad rep.”
“I’m sorry,” Kira groaned. “It just… happened.”
“Awww man, he’s gonna take a chomp out of you now.”
“I deserve it,” she muttered.
Donnica sniffed. “Fuck.” I frowned as a strong scent of blood reached me. “Who’s bleeding?” she grumbled and cursed as we dropped back to earth. Two vampires with their heads separated smacked me upside the head.
“Son of a fucking bitch!” I snarled. Up ahead, Kaylee, Trinity, Draven, Eden, and Donna were holding up a fight with twenty rogues or so. Could this day get any worse? Kira snarled and jumped into the fray. I looked at Brynna. She groaned, shaking her head.
“Oh my god,” she said. “I’m now really fucking pissed,” she growled and charged into the massive crowd of vampires.
“You go ahead,” I said to Eric. “I’ll report in.” He nodded and snatched one of the rogues as I moved away from the mayhem. Pulling out my phone, I punched the speed dial for Evelyn. “There’s about twenty rogues taking out fledglings,” I said the moment she picked up. “Voran and Taran were dead before we got here.” On the other end of the line, I heard something smash against the wall and shatter. Then the line cut off. I swore loudly and hung up. The phone wasn’t even back in my pocket before I felt the massive swirl of energy, signaling the arrival of a very pissed off member of the Vampiric Council. I slowly turned, and came face to face with Evelyn, who was snarling at the scene several yards away. She straightened from her crouch and walked over. I silently followed behind her, hoping to hell that she wouldn’t take a bite out of me anytime soon.
“Enough,” she called out in a surprisingly calm tone, given that she was snarling not a second ago. At that one word, everything came to a halt. “Night Stalkers, fledglings, step away slowly, and rogues, not a move. Hunter, come forth.” Brynna, blood dripping from her mouth, slowly made her way over. Evelyn held out her hand, and she dropped what looked like a GPS device into it. Evelyn nodded and crushed it in her hand before dropping it to the ground. “Kaylee, Draven, Donna, Trinity, Eden, Eric, Donnica, James, Callan, and Kira, you may come forth.” The NSC came over to stand by me while the rest came to stand in front of Evelyn. All were covered in blood. “Rogues, you have one minute to speak. What is your reasoning behind the attack?” Her eyes narrowed when no one spoke up. “I see none of you want to talk so…” Too fast to track, she had a rogue by the throat. He snarled and snapped at her. She dropped him to the ground and smiled. He got up, cursing. Before he could make another move, Evelyn’s fangs were buried in his throat. He gave a bloodcurdling scream. It died off in a gurgle as his windpipe was severed, and he fell headless to the ground.
“Evelyn, they’re not going to give us what we want,” I said.
She sighed. “You’re right. Don’t know why I even bother in the first place. Hunter, you know what to do.” Brynna nodded. Then she hissed and lunged for the remaining rogues. Evelyn grunted and turned to me. “Well, I hear Jade has a lead.” I stiffened. “Let’s hope it actually leads us somewhere this time. She’ll meet up with you on the corner of Crossway and Hemlen.” I nodded. “If you have other problems, call me,” she said and disappeared. Draven stiffened and then blinked. He looked at me and nodded.
“Let me guess, she wants you with me,” I said. He nodded. “Fine.” He glanced to the bodies of Voran and Taran and sighed. “How did it happen?” I asked softly.
“They got jumped from behind,” he muttered. “We didn’t get to them in time.”
“I’m sorry for what happened to your friends.”
He shrugged. “Not your fault.”
I grunted. “Might as well be.” I glared at Kira. She grimaced and turned away from me.
“What did she do?”
I turned to look at him sharply. “If I tell you, I’ll have to kill you.”
He smirked. “Is it that bad?”
“Very. And if she’s lucky, she might get away with… I have no idea.”
“Okay,” said Donna. “Can we ask her about it?”
I shrugged. “Go for it,” I said just as Brynna ripped the last rogue’s head off. Hands clutching her stomach, she made her way back to where we were. Donna moved to Kira and tapped her on the shoulder. She turned and shifted nervously.
“So, what did you do?” she asked her. Kira stiffened. She opened her mouth and closed it. Shaking her head, she backed away. I frowned.
“She can’t tell you,” Brynna growled. “No matter how much she wants to.”
“Okay okay, I’ll drop it.” Kira let out a relieved sigh and nodded.
“Crossway and Hemlen,” I said, and launched myself upward.

JADE

“Not a finger on her,” I said to Ian for the millionth time. “Elijah says no harm is to come to her.”
“I know I know,” he growled and winced. “But fuck, did it hurt.”
“Shit,” I whispered. “You felt it?”
“Yeah, for like ten seconds, but it felt longer.”
I shuddered. “Damn, I’m sorry.”
He sighed. “A pissed off, cranky, hungry Tristan is so not a good thing.”
“Don’t talk about that now.”
He laughed. “What, you don’t want to be the one he tears in to?”
I flinched. “No fucking way.”
He nodded. “Right, same here.” I sighed and hugged my knees. Behind me, Loria and Ari were silent. They were probably busy keeping a lookout. The cool wind blew around me, carrying the scent of a human. Automatically, my fangs extended, reminding me that I hadn’t fed in the past twelve hours or so.
“I see them,” said Loria. “Northwest.” I silently cursed to myself and got up. Several yards away, Trynnadon and the rest of our group dropped from the sky. They all looked worse for the wear. Hmm, that was interesting. They came closer and spread out. Waves of fear, anger, and guilt poured off of Kira. Poor girl.
“I want Kira, Loria, Kaylee, Ian, Donna, Draven, and Brynna with me,” I said. “The rest are with you, Tryn.”
Trynnadon nodded. “Sounds good to me.”
“So.” I handed him a piece of paper with an address on it. “You guys check out this location while we check out the other one.”
“Got it,” said Donnica.
“Oh, do not drop your guard.” I winced. “Ah, Elijah is, uh, a little pissy.”
Donnica gasped. “Oh shit.”
I glanced to the sky. “The irritation from the sun is not helping him either.” I took out my sunglasses and slipped them on.
“Please tell me he’s the only one out?”
I shrugged. “Don’t know.” I waved my hand in the air. “Go before it’s too late.” They nodded and ran. “Well—” A gasp sounded behind me, and I spun around. Kira’s eyes were wide and terrified. “Kira?” I said in confusion. I reached out and grabbed her before she could fall. “Kira, what’s wrong?”
“I can’t break through her walls,” said Brynna.
“Blood,” Kira moaned. “Lots of blood.”
“She’s having a vision,” I said in surprise.
“Hurts… everywhere… can’t… breathe…”
I looked at the hunter and wondered what the hell to do. “Call Elijah?” I asked.
“Great,” Brynna muttered. “We’re covered in blood. You, Loria, and Ian are the only ones not covered in it.”
“You’re saying?” I asked when she didn’t continue.
“He’s not going to be happy.”
“He’s enraged.”
She nodded. “And starving.”
I stiffened as what she was trying to say finally clicked into place. “I’ll feed him.”
She grimaced. “Let’s hope he doesn’t drain you then.”
I flinched. “Oh god. Let’s hope he doesn’t.” Slowly, breathing in and out, I pulled out my phone and scrolled through my contact list. Hitting send, I waited, holding my breath. The line picked up, and he was growling. “Elijah?” I said slowly.
“Jade?” he said, drawing out my name as if savoring it. I shivered.
“I think Kira is having a vision.” I gasped and almost dropped my phone as he all of a sudden was right in front of me. I hung up and shoved the phone back in my pocket. I sidestepped him, not taking my eyes off of him for even a second. I inwardly groaned as I saw blood on his mouth. Yep, I just had to interrupt his feeding, didn’t I? Elijah’s eyes narrowed, and then I was fucking flying through the air as his energy shot through the roof. I hissed and put out my hands to stop my fall. It didn’t really work as my arms went down on impact. I got up and slowly made my way back to where he was, holding Kira under his gaze. Brynna and the others stood where they’d fallen, watching from a safe distance. I stopped behind Kira and braced myself.
“Kira,” he growled. “Come back to me.” A second or two later, she gasped and groaned, pressing her fingers into her eyes. Elijah took a step closer, taking her hands and pulling them away. “Look at me,” he whispered.
“No,” she groaned, her eyes still tightly shut. “I don’t want to see it again.”
“You won’t,” he said impatiently. “Now look at me.” She hesitated for a long while before slowly opening her eyes. Her expression went blank a split second later. “You will forget that you ever had this vision.”
“I will forget having this vision,” she said in a monotone.
“Good.”
Kira frowned and looked behind her. “Sorry what?” she asked in confusion.
I held back a laugh and nodded to the group standing by the trees. “Go wait with them.” She nodded and walked past me.
“Should I be flattered that you are offering willingly?” Elijah mused. I shrugged. He smirked and grabbed me. I grunted as I was jerked against his chest. I gulped as he bent my head back, exposing my throat. “I’ll make it quick,” he growled, and I gasped as he sank his fangs in my neck. My gasps turned into moans as hot waves of pleasure coursed through me.
“You fucking asshole,” I moaned. I got a groan in response before he reluctantly withdrew and let me go. I shivered and blushed. “You fucking asshole,” I repeated.
He laughed softly. “Would you like me to finish it?”
I glared at him. “No, and especially not here.”
“Next time, I’ll keep that in mind,” he said. I didn’t even have time to protest before I found his fangs in my neck and was gasping again. This time there were no waves of pleasure hitting me. After a long minute, he withdrew and closed the bite wound. I groaned. “Be sure to feed in the next five minutes or so.” He gave me a very knowing look that I didn’t like, and disappeared.


* * * * * *



Chapter Sixteen

AVERY

I blew out a breath and dropped heavily onto Tristan’s bed. The heat coming from him was unnerving, hot to the touch, so hot that a human touching him would jump back and yelp in pain. Flushed from both the heat and blood, he gave no sign of alertness. He was practically dead to the world. I couldn’t even break through his shield without hurting him further. The slam of a door snapped me back to the here now. Tate, cursing up a storm, made his way down the hall. He stopped in the doorway, his gaze automatically going to Tristan. He stepped into the room and dropped into a chair. “Evelyn went to get more blood.” I nodded. “Has he moved at all?”
“No.”
He nodded and smacked Tristan on the arm, hard. “Tristan. Wake! Up!”
I smirked. “Don’t think that’s going to work.”
“Bite me,” he muttered.
“I’ll be happy to, but your sire will kick my ass.”
He laughed. “Damn right he will.” He sighed and banged his head against the wall. “Did Kira stab him intentionally?” he growled, all humor gone.
“She didn’t, but that is not the point. She almost killed a member of the VC; so therefore, she’ll have to face the consequences for her action.”
“What will happen to her?” I shrugged. “Come on, tell me.”
“As of this moment, she’ll be denied blood for the duration of the healing coma.”
He winced. “But you let her go.”
“The NSC will know what to do with her.”
He nodded. “You know, I thought I was going to die alongside him.”
I grimaced. “I’m sorry for that.”
He shrugged. “Ian was going to tear her head off, but…”
“Elijah says not to touch her,” I finished for him.
“Just say so and I’ll—”
“No!” I snarled. He stiffened. I sighed and cursed. “If you go against our order, I’ll have no choice but to lock you up.”
He flinched. “Okay okay, I won’t touch her.”
“Good, because I don’t feel like explaining myself when your sire wakes up.” I reached out and took Tristan’s hot sweaty hand in mine and willed the cold current from my hand to seep into him. Tate watched in amazement for a long while before shaking his head. I let go and nodded, satisfied that the room wasn’t going to burst into flames anytime soon.
“I wish I could do that,” he muttered. I smirked. He got up and walked over to the window. I winced and covered my eyes as he pulled the heavy curtain aside, the sunlight streaming into the room. “Sorry,” he said as I got up and moved into the darkest part of the room. I grunted, rubbing my stinging eyes. I dropped my arms back to my side and scowled at Tate. He sighed and let the curtain fall back into place and turned to look at me.
“What was that for?” I asked, annoyed.
“I just wanted to see how bright it is out.”
I laughed. “Right, this room is already a furnace. We don’t need to add to it.” I stared down at the dark wood floor and sighed. Oh, someone was going to die a slow death. I growled and froze as an image flashed in my head. Oh, this was going to be great. “Tate, stay here. I’ll be back,” I said and teleported.
Cloaking my presence and pulling the darkness around me, I backed into a corner of the hallway and looked around. There were hallways ahead of me and to my right. I headed down the darker one and stopped before a barely closed door and listened to the voices inside. I smiled as a constant snarling and growling could also be heard. That someone was also clearly in pain, and the scent of blood hung heavily in the air. A faint shift in the air told me that Elijah, Taylor, and Evelyn had just appeared behind me. “Let’s just pull the stake out,” someone snarled.
“But he’ll die,” another snarled.
“I heard the one who staked him is out of commission. Pull it out while we’ve got the chance.” Damn, news spread fast. I mused to myself. “He can’t do anything while in a deep sleep,” the first one continued.
“You’re right,” said the second one. “But you do it.”
“Fine.” I held back a laugh as I teleported into the room. Cory was lying on the floor, a vampire on each side of him. He might have been growling and snarling, but he couldn’t do anything past the pain. Blood pooled around him as the two vampires standing over him continued to ponder on their thoughts. Tearing my gaze from the blood, I focused on the two vampires. I moved silent as a shadow, pulling out a silver blade and bent down, positioning it over Cory’s throat. No one noticed anything as Elijah dropped a little illusion on them.
“Are you going to do it?” the second one asked impatiently. The vampire to my right bent down and grasped the stake in his hands. A long minute passed, and then he braced himself and pulled. Cory screamed and went limp. Both vampires jumped back as the illusion lifted, and at the same time, I drew back the darkness and let my energy flow outward. Shock and horror crossed their faces as I smiled. “W-what the—?”
“Did you really think he was that stupid?” I asked, cutting him off. I pressed the blade to Cory’s neck, silencing him before he could scream.
“How—?”
“We have our ways,” I said, cutting him off again. “I hate to tell you, but you’re sorely mistaken if you think we’re that stupid.”
“Please, don’t kill him,” the first one practically begged.
I laughed darkly. “I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“Don’t—” With lightning speed, I pulled the blade away and plunged it deep into Cory’s neck and gave it a slash, severing his head from his body. I straightened and nodded to the door. The two vampires stood frozen to the spot as Elijah, Evelyn, and Taylor walked into the room as if nothing ever happened.
“So, how’s it going in here?” Evelyn asked. “We all doing good?” I gave her a very annoyed look as I closed the blade and slipped it in my pocket. “What, I’m just trying to lighten the mood. Do you have a problem with that, brother?” I snorted. She laughed and walked over to one of the vampires and looked him over. “You’re hot. I’m sorry I have to kill you, though.” In a blur, she yanked him to her. “I’m hungry too so…” She hissed and plunged her fangs deep into his neck. I looked at Elijah questioningly. He shrugged. Evelyn pulled back and licked the blood off of her mouth. She gave a thoughtful look before punching through his chest and yanking out his heart. She tossed it to me, and I caught it. “Hot Potato?” I stared at her. She shrugged and turned to the second vampire.
“What the fuck crawled up your ass and put you in such a good mood?” I finally asked.
She turned to me. “Nothing.”
“She’s drunk out of her mind,” said Taylor.
“I am not, and we can’t get drunk.”
“You know, I’m not so sure about that now.” She huffed and turned back to the vampire.
“Evelyn,” I growled.
“What?” she asked without turning to look at me.
I tossed the heart at her and she ducked. It hit the wall and stayed there for a few seconds before slowly sliding downward to the floor, leaving a trail of blood. “Do you mind if we take a bite, too?” I grumbled. “You’re not the only one here hungry, you know.”
She laughed. “There’re plenty more vampires for you guys to choose from.” I growled and glared at her as she leaned in and buried her fangs in the second vampire. Elijah groaned and looked about ready to pull Evelyn off of her prey, but Taylor’s restraining hand on his arm stopped him. Evelyn withdrew her fangs and dug her fingers into the vampire’s neck and ripped the head off, both head and corpse fell to the floor with a thump. “I think we’re done in this room.”
“Taylor, take Elijah,” I said. “I’ll take the greedy bitch.”
Evelyn screeched and rushed me, taking me to the floor. I winced. “I. Am. Not. A. Greedy. Bitch!” she growled, punctuating each word with a punch. “Argh! You are such an ass!” I groaned and rolled onto all fours and got up. “Next time, I’ll bite you.” She grinned and walked to Taylor and Elijah, who were softly laughing, and punched them, sending both of them flying into the wall behind them. Still laughing, they got up and disappeared.
“Damn, you just gave away that we’re here,” I muttered.
“All the better.”
I grunted. “That’s what you think.”
She growled. “Shut up and start walking.”
I laughed. “Temper, temper.”
Once again, I drew the darkness around me and cloaked my presence. Stepping out of the room, I made my way to the double doors. Pushing it open, I entered and stopped at the bottom of a stairway. I inhaled deeply and sniffed the air. “Humans,” Evelyn hissed. I nodded and started up the steep stairs. Just as we reached the landing, a vampire came around the corner and abruptly stopped. She squinted, trying to see past the shadows. She came closer and gasped as she made contact with something cold. I smirked. You come any closer, I’m going to grab your ass. I silently said to myself as she tried to keep herself in check.
“Who’s there?” she asked, still trying to see into the shadows. She took a deep breath and stepped into the darkness. Oh, you poor sweet thing. I grabbed her and jerked her against me, holding her in an unbreakable hold. She screamed. I grazed my fangs across her neck.
“Screaming isn’t going to do you any good, precious,” I whispered, wincing as she continued to scream. I pulled back the darkness and released the pent-up energy in me. That only made her screams even louder. “The more you scream, the less likely your friends will come to your rescue.” Her screams turned into gasps as she tried to control herself.
“What did you do to them?” she asked, still gasping.
“Nothing, my sister here is just playing with their minds for a little while. We’re going to have a little talk.” I slowly sank my fangs in her neck and pulled in a mouthful. I swallowed the hot sweet blood and pulled back. “Now, how many of you are here?”
She gulped. “I don’t know.”
I sighed and looked at Evelyn. “What is up with all these 'I don’t knows’?” I asked, irritated.
“I don’t know,” she said, smirking. I growled. “Elijah is about to lose it.”
“Well, me, too,” I growled.
“I’ll release them, and she can warn that the VC is in the building.” I silenced the vampire in my arms before she could scream again. “I think that’d make Elijah’s day.”
“Hmm.” I licked the blood from my lips and nodded. “But I don’t appreciate her shrieking in my ears so…” I bent her head back until she was looking at me. I smirked as my compulsion rolled her. “Relax,” I said. “You are in no danger.”
Evelyn snorted. “Stop lying to the poor girl.”
“You will calmly walk to whoever the leader of this group is, and tell him or her that the VC has just arrived,” I continued, ignoring her.
“Calmly tell Rowan that the VC has arrived,” the vampire said in a monotone.
“Mmhmm, exactly.”
“All?”
“No, four out of five.” She nodded, and I released her and let her go. I watched as she made her way back the way she’d come.
“Rowan? Who the fuck is Rowan?” Evelyn snarled.
“We’ll find out soon enough.”
She nodded. “I have all exits secured.” Hey guys? Taylor’s voice sounded in my head. Help me out here? Before I could reply, the world went black for a split second. Evelyn and I quickly moved in front of Elijah, who was being held back by Taylor. “Hey, E?” Elijah snarled at her. She put out her hands. “I’m sorry, I mean Elijah, happy?” He snapped at her. “Look, you can have Rowan.” He blinked. “I believe he’s the head of this… pathetic group.”
“Now, calm down,” said Taylor. “You’ll be able to gorge in like a minute.”
“The VC are here!” someone shouted from somewhere.
“Let him go, Taylor,” I growled.
“My. Pleasure.” Elijah broke from her hold and was out the door. She blinked. “Asshole!” she yelled after him. From a floor below, screams could be heard. “Looks like the party has begun.”
Downstairs, blood and body parts were flying everywhere. I ducked as an arrow flew in my direction. A blue-haired vampire ran past me. I spun around and tackled him to the floor. He growled and bit down hard on my arm. Well, two can play it that way. I jerked his head back and ripped his throat open. He screamed as I quickly drained him of every drop. I pulled back and dug my fingers into his neck and ripped the head from the body. I straightened and snatched another passing vampire. She screamed as I bared my fangs at her. This was way too easy. No wonder we don’t join in on slaughterhouse night, but having a little fun every now and then couldn’t hurt. I let her scream a little longer before I jerked her to me and plunged my fangs in deep. I groaned and punched through her chest, yanking out her heart. Dropping both heart and corpse, I jumped the second-floor railing. Two vampires came at me from both sides, but I quickly moved out of their way. They both screamed as they crashed into each other. What a fucking bunch of idiots. Before they could come at me, I punched into both of their chests and pulled out their hearts, tossing them over the railing. “This is boring,” Taylor growled from down the hall. I grunted. “I only like getting involved for the blood.” I flashed over to her and pulled one of the vampires from her. “Hey! They’re mine!” I smirked and drove my fangs into his skull. “Fucking cruel!” The vampire let out a bloodcurdling scream. Taylor hissed and pulled him from me. Ugh, come on. Play fair. “Fuck you!” Ow? She huffed, and I jumped out of the way as the two vampires she was holding combusted into a million pieces.
“Now that,” I said to her. “Is cruel. Fang to the skull doesn’t even compare.”
“Whatever,” she grumbled and flashed down the hall. I flashed after her. I kicked down the door before us and cursed as a hail of bullets hit me. I hissed and stepped into the room. I reached out and snapped the nearest human’s neck. She fell to the floor, the gun falling from her hand. I groaned. God, being shot fucking hurts like a motherfucker. Suddenly, the bullets stopped altogether. Riddled with bullets, I slowly turned. Taylor was holding the humans immobilized.
“You could have done that earlier,” I growled. She shrugged. I walked over to one of the humans and pulled the gun from his hands. I snapped his neck and sank my fangs in deep, quickly gulping down the blood.
“All clear but here,” Evelyn sang from the doorway. “Can I join the feast party?” I grunted, dropping the lifeless body to the floor.
“Let’s see,” Elijah growled, coming to stand beside me. He bent down and collected the bullets that fell from my body. “How many trophies you have here.” Evelyn snickered and pulled another human to her. “Forty-seven bullets.” He laughed. “I am truly insulted.”
I sighed and held out my hand. “Give me that,” I muttered. He smirked and dropped the bullets into my hand. I shoved them in my pockets and nodded. “I think I need a new fucking phone.”
Evelyn laughed. “We all do. I’ll be a nice sister and procure them for us all.”
“Right,” Elijah growled. “Let’s get out of here and burn this shithole down.” The window shattered, and we were outside, hovering two stories up. I flew upward until I was looking down at the roof. I winced as a loud explosion sounded from inside. Elijah launched himself into the sky and nodded to us, a fireball in his hand. “Very nicely done,” he growled and sent the fireball shooting downward at lightning speed. The whole building shook more violently. He sent another fireball flying, and I hissed as it finally collapsed in on itself with a resounding boom.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seventeen

I stared up at the sky and breathed in the fresh air, glad that the sun was no longer out. I sighed and looked at the inferno below us. “Come.” I blinked and looked at him. Elijah peered into the shadows where a vampire was standing, a blank look on his face. Ah, this must be Rowan.
“He knows something?” I asked. Rowan was propelled upward and into his arms.
“We’ll see,” Elijah growled, and darkness enveloped us. It was a second later that I found myself standing outside a holding cell. Rowan was pushed inside. The door slammed shut and locked before he could run back out.
“Release me!” he snarled.
I laughed darkly. “We will if you have what we want,” I said.
“What do you want?” he growled.
“I’m going to check on Tristan,” said Elijah. I nodded. “Evelyn, Taylor?” I waited until they rounded the corner and disappeared from view. I willed the door to unlock and open. I stepped inside, crowding the vampire in. With nowhere to go, he sighed and dropped into a chair behind him.
“First,” I hissed. “Where is Delilah?”
He shook his head. “No idea.”
I growled and smashed his head against the wall. I smiled as it made a satisfying crack. He snarled and clutched his head, blinking. “You want to try that again?”
“Why don’t you just dig around in my head?” he snarled.
“Because I quite enjoy forcing answers out of you. Tell me who does know where she is, or I’ll bite you.”
“You’re joking me, right?”
I sighed. “As the saying goes, I don’t believe it until proven otherwise.” I leaned in and whispered, “Isn’t that so?” I asked and struck. I slapped a hand over his mouth, muffling his scream somewhat. I gave one last hard pull of his blood and withdrew. “Hurts, doesn’t it?” I pushed his head back and struck my own wrist, putting the bleeding wound over his mouth. “Drink,” I commanded. He choked as my blood went down his throat. “Now,” I growled. He groaned and reopened the wound. After a mouthful, I tore my wrist away and licked the remaining blood off. “Now where were we?”
Panting, his gaze fixed on me. “I honestly don’t know where Delilah is.”
I slipped into his mind and picked through it. Blood, blood, more blood, an innocent killing, one, two, three, four killings. My, my, someone got too carried away with their feedings.” I laughed. “Well Rowan, you’ve been a busy rogue. I can tell you that for sure.” Suddenly, a name popped into his head. I held back a smirk and slipped back out. “Who is Tav?” He froze. “Hmm?” I chuckled. “You know, it really doesn’t matter keeping secrets.” I laughed. “Oh, what am I going to do with you?”
“Kill me.”
“Oh, I will,” I whispered. “You’ll tell me where Tav is first. Was he one of the vampires in the explosion?” He shook his head. “Talk, my patience is running out.”
“15826 Jefferson Avenue.”
“He’s telling the truth for once,” Elijah drawled. I nodded. “Kill him. I’m bored.” Before Rowan could say anything, my hand was in his chest. I did quick work of it and nodded. Elijah took the heart from me and shoved a blood bag at me. “Drink up. Then you and I will pay this Tav a visit.” I grunted. He moved out of my way as I turned to walk out of the cell. I punctured the bag as I made my way into the bathroom. I grimaced at my reflection in the mirror. Wow, it looked like someone had had a little too much fun throwing buckets of blood at me. I sighed and pulled the empty bag from my mouth, crushing it in my hand. I grunted. What’s the point of washing up when you were going to get blood all over you again? Muttering, I walked out of the bathroom and into the kitchen. Tossing the bag in the trash, I quickly washed the blood off my hands.
“Any idea who this Tav is?” I asked, turning around to look at Elijah standing in the entryway.
He shrugged. “Other than a rogue? No idea. You coming or what?” I flashed over to him and grabbed him. He hissed, and then everything went dark. I stepped away from him and looked over at the house. “Hmm, I was expecting it to be some rundown place,” Elijah said thoughtfully. I stiffened as the air stirred all around me. “Just the stalkers and some of ours.” I nodded and slowly turned to face them. I smirked at Kira. She was being held in a death grip by Trynnadon. She bared her fangs at me.
“Spotted movements inside,” Trynnadon hissed.
“We didn’t go in for a closer look,” said Ari. Elijah and I nodded. “I think there’s only one vampire inside.” Elijah grunted and disappeared. Ari frowned. “Where did he go?”
“Probably to get a closer look,” I said, my eyes still trained on Kira’s weak attempt to break free. She gave me a pleading look. When I didn’t say anything, she groaned and struggled harder. Porting, Elijah growled in my head. “Teleporting,” I said, just before darkness closed around us. Standing in the dark basement, I looked around, taking in no chances for an escape, although it wasn’t really necessary. I walked over to Trynnadon and jerked Kira from him. She gasped. “Focus,” I hissed. “This is not the time to think about what you want.”
She groaned. After a long minute, she reluctantly nodded. “I’ll try harder,” she said in a whisper. She made a gagging noise as Donnica whispered something in her ear. Shaking her head, she pulled away from me.
“Nice going,” I said to Donnica. “Let’s hope that helps.”
“Alright,” said Elijah. I walked to the stairs and started up. “Tav is in the living room.” I stopped at the opened doorway. “I have him focused on the TV.” Ah, right. I stiffened as I heard a snarl. I caught Kira before she could push me out of the way. Elijah cursed. Turning around, I held Kira in an embrace and stared at him. “Well, well, well,” he drawled. He pointed past me. I turned my head to look in that direction. “Tav,” he growled, “just happens to be Kira’s sire.”
“Shit,” Donnica breathed.
“Fuck,” Trynnadon growled.
“Let. Me. Kill. Him,” Kira growled against my chest.
Elijah sighed. “This changes the plan a little. We have to take him in alive.”
I cursed. “And I was hoping to question him here and kill him,” I muttered. Air whooshed out of me as Kira punched me in the stomach.
“I want to be the one to kill him,” she snarled.
“Fine,” Elijah said heavily. “We’ll see what Taylor, Evelyn, and Tristan have to say first.” She froze the moment Tristan was mentioned. She moaned and went limp in my arms.
“Do you all have to agree?” she asked weakly.
Elijah patted her on the head. “That’s how it works. Everybody has to agree on it.”
“And if you all don’t agree on it?”
“Tristan has the final say.”
“Great,” she muttered.
“Mmhmm, now you be a good little girl for once and stay with Tryn.”
“I am not a little girl,” she growled.
He chuckled. “You are to me, sweetheart.” I let Kira out of my embrace and nodded to Trynnadon. Before she could give Elijah a good one, Trynnadon quickly grabbed her. Elijah reached out and stroked her cheek. “Were you going to strike me?” he asked.
“Go away,” she muttered. He smirked and nodded to me.
In the living room, I flicked off the TV with a thought and went over to stand in front of Tav. “Time to snap out of your daydream,” Elijah drawled. Tav blinked and would have gotten up and tackled me, but Elijah’s mental hold on him just happened to be unbreakable.
“What the hell?” Tav growled. “Who the fuck are you?”
“I’m Avery.”
Tav’s eyes narrowed. He sniffed. “I smell more here,” he growled.
I shrugged. “You’re right. There are more of us here.”
“What is this?” Elijah came around the couch and sat down beside him.
“What does it look like to you?” I asked.
“He’s too busy staring at the blood,” Elijah said in a bored voice. “In case you’re wondering Tav, I have you under my control. I do believe someone wants to meet you.”
“Actually,” I said. “You might have met her before.”
“Who?” Tav asked. I moved aside just as a growl sounded from the basement doorway.
“Kira Conoleki,” said Elijah. He blinked. “Want to explain to me how she is one of us?” Kira was jerked forward and stopped a foot or so from Tav.
“You,” Tav growled at her.
She growled right back at him. “If I had my way, I would kill you right here and now,” she snarled.
Tav smirked. “No one’s holding you back. Why don’t you give it a shot?”
Elijah huffed and got up. “Avery?” I nodded. “Right.” He moved to the other side of the living room and nodded to Kira. I flashed to his side and dropped to the floor and watched as Tav jumped from the couch. Kira hissed and ducked before he could grab her. Her hands shot out and grabbed his leg and pulled. Off balance, she took her chance and knocked him to the floor. Tav snarled and sent her flying. So, Elijah said in my head. How shall we go about this? I shrugged. First blood? I looked up at his thoughtful expression and once again shrugged. Getting up, I leaned against the window and waited. “Hmm,” he said softly. I turned back to Tav and Kira. They both were trying to bite one another. Elijah sighed. “No powers,” he growled to both of them. “Three strikes.” He looked at me questioningly. I nodded in agreement. “Tav, first blood,” he said as Kira hissed in pain. She clutched her bleeding arm and kicked Tav. He hissed as he made impact with the table, breaking it in the process. Elijah and I hissed as another fresh scent of blood hit us. Tav snarled and lunged for her. She leapt back and kicked him. She jumped on him and snapped at his neck, but his hand shot up and choked her. He tossed her across the room. He was on her in a heartbeat. She screamed as he tore her neck open with his fangs. “Tav, second blood,” Elijah snarled. Kira’s eyes flashed.
“No powers, Kira,” I growled. She hissed and jerked Tav’s head away. She grunted and pushed him off of her. Snarling, she jumped on him and punched through his stomach. Elijah groaned. Kira growled and ripped his throat opened. In a blink, I had my brother in a death grip.
“Kira, first blood,” Elijah snarled. Tav dug his fingers in Kira’s neck. He threw her off of him. She rolled away as he came down. She flashed to her feet and dodged as he made a grab for her. He snarled and snatched her. She screamed in frustration and pain as his fangs cut across her forearm. “Tav, third blood.”
“That is enough,” I growled. “Release her.”
Tav threw her from him and smiled. “Next time,” he growled. “Think before challenging me.”
“Next time,” Kira snarled. “You’ll be dead.”
Tav laughed. “We’ll see.” Elijah snarled and broke my hold on him. I cursed. He flashed to Tav and spun him around. “Who are you?” Tav growled. “You never answered me.”
“We are the Council,” Elijah snarled. He flinched and tried to back up, but a low growl from Elijah stopped him. “Here is how it’s going to go, rogue,” he growled softly. “You slowly turn around and put your hands behind your back and come quietly, or I take you by force. And trust me, you won’t like it if I have to take you against your will.” He hissed. “If you haven’t noticed, I am extremely hungry. You don’t, want to fuck, with me.” Fear poured off Tav in waves. “So, what will it be?”
Tav gulped and nodded. “I’ll come willingly.”
Elijah laughed darkly. “That’s the first time a rogue has ever chosen wisely.” I moved up beside Elijah and pulled the handcuffs from his pocket. “Turn around,” Elijah growled. “Slowly.” Tav grunted and turned slowly, his hands behind his back. I slipped the handcuffs on and he hissed as the blade gently dug into his wrist.
“If you try to break free, you might find yourself missing a hand or two, and a pint of blood,” I said. Elijah muttered under his breath. Willing the door open, he walked out into the night. I cursed.
“You want me to go after him?” Ari asked from the basement.
I shook my head. “No, I’ll go after him.” She nodded. I took in a deep breath and held all of them in a mental hold, and teleported.
Trynnadon cursed. “You mind warning us?” he grumbled as we reappeared in front of the holding cell.
I grunted and unlocked the cell door and pushed Tav inside. “Sit,” I growled. “Tav!” I shouted. “Sit! Your! Fucking! Ass! Down! Now!”
“Avery!” Evelyn shouted to me. “Shut up!”
I snarled and pushed Tav into a chair. “You fucking worthless piece of ass.” I jerked his head away from the blood to look at me. His hungry expression went blank as my compulsion slammed into him. “You will not get up from this chair unless one of us tells you to, and you will not touch Kira.” I stepped out of the cell and slammed the door shut. It locked with an automatic click. I blew out a breath and walked over to Kira. I pulled her up from her fetal position. Her hungry eyes boring into mine, I led her into the kitchen.
“What are you doing?” she asked softly.
I opened the refrigerator and snatched a blood bag. I let the refrigerator door slam as I moved to the counter and set the bag down. “Bite me,” I said to her.
She squeaked. “What?”
I turned and held out my wrist to her. “I said bite me.” She hesitated for a few seconds before putting her cool hand on my arm, bringing my wrist to her fangs. Her tongue licked at the vein as she looked at me questioningly. “Go on.” She hesitated for another few seconds before sinking her fangs into my wrist, pulling at it greedily. I chuckled as she held back a moan, and it looked like she wasn’t going to stop until I was drained. Staring deeply into her glazed eyes, I let the compulsion roll her. “Stop,” I commanded and released her. She pulled back, growling. She grabbed for my wrist again as I tugged my arm from her grip. I held out my other hand to stop her. “Grab the blood bag off the counter.” She stopped growling and looked behind me. She groaned and snatched it up, tearing into it before I could change my mind. I chuckled. “That’s all you get. I will only let you off this once.”
She pulled the empty bag from her mouth and nodded. “Why?”
I took the bag from her and tossed it in the trash. “Because you engaged in a blood battle with your sire.”
“I made him bleed several times.”
“Yes, you did, but only wounds inflicted with your fangs count. You realized that as you tossed each other around, didn’t you?” She nodded. “Well, I should have asked if you wanted to use a weapon or not, but… given how things are… I wasn’t thinking.”
She laughed. “I don’t think anyone was.”
I sighed. “Trynnadon, teleportation,” I warned, and darkness came over us once again, appearing outside the gate of the NSC’s headquarters.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eighteen

KIRA

Two hours later, and there I was, starved out of my mind. I growled and paced the isolation room. The one blood bag was so not enough. Argh, I couldn’t even have my freaking puppy in there with me. It wasn’t like I was going to eat her or anything. Having fur in my mouth was just… ick. I stomped over to the door and hit the intercom button. There was like nothing interesting up in there, only pure white walls to stare at. “Can I help you?” Donnica asked over the intercom.
“Die,” I growled.
“Hey now, that’s not a nice thing to say.”
“I want out!” I snarled.
“You’re not going to bite any humans, are you?”
I growled in frustration. “How about compel me not to bite anyone and then I’ll have no choice but to obey?”
“Sorry, Kira, you are asking the wrong vampire here. If I had the ability to compel vampires, I’d gladly do it, but I don’t.”
I hissed and punched the door in agitation and annoyance. Damn it, damn it, damn it! “Call one of the Council members then.”
“If I call them, I’ll have to owe them a boon.”
I blinked. “Say what?”
“Offer them something in exchange, bargain with them, whatever you want to call it.”
“Like what?”
“Like a human in exchange for their help.”
“Human to snack on?”
“Sure.”
“Well, they probably don’t want anything for this little help?” I grumbled.
“Humph, you never know with them.”
“Just call them. Please, I’m begging you. Do you know how lonely it is in here?”
She sighed. “Fine,” she said heavily.
“Thanks, being stuck in here for the past hour and a half sucks ass.”
“I’ll let you hear the conversation,” she grumbled, and the sound of a dial tone came over the intercom. She pressed speed dial, and I held my breath as it started ringing on the other end.
“Once I get my hands on you, I am going to kill you,” Elijah growled into the phone.
“What did I do?” Donnica asked. On the other end, I heard the slamming of a door, and what sounded like wind blowing into the phone.
“Talk,” he snarled. I winced. I might just have made another biggest mistake of my life. Damn it! Someone please stake me already.
“I was just wondering if you could compel Kira not to bite anyone.”
Elijah chuckled. “Right to the point, I like it.”
Donnica sighed. “Can you do it?”
“Sure I can, but what will I get in return, hmm?”
“Um, anything.”
“Lies, and the answer is no.” I silently swore to myself.
“How long does she have?” Donnica asked.
“You’re pushing it, protector.” He sighed. “Another day or two give or take.”
“Okay then.”
“Kira, five days without blood is nothing compared to some of the others,” he growled. Damn it, he knew I was listening in, too? Damn it! He chuckled. “Imagine a hundred years, let alone a year, oh the agony.” I cringed. Dear god. “I presume this call is done with? I have a certain rogue I want to drain.” I shuddered.
“Yes, I’ll let you go do that,” said Donnica.
“Very well, I’ll see you both in a couple of hours,” he said and hung up.
“At least say goodbye,” she muttered. “Sorry that didn’t go as planned.”
“At least you tried,” I said heavily. “Please, please let me out.”
“Promise not to bite?”
“I promise.”
“Hmm.”
“Look, if I so much as make a grab for someone, you can knock my ass out.”
“Alright then,” she muttered and clicked off the intercom. I moved away from the door and tapped my foot impatiently. It opened with a click a few seconds later. Donnica was standing a good ten feet away. Muttering, I walked out of the room. “You didn’t attack me. Good for you.”
“Oh shit.” I growled as Trynnadon’s voice came over the radio. “Oh hell.”
“Uh oh,” I said. “What’s wrong now?” I took out my radio and hit the talk button. “What now?” I growled into it.
“Somebody call Elijah.”
“We just did like a second ago.”
“Well, call him back. Oh, never mind, I’ll do it.”
“Better not interrupt his feeding,” I warned.
“Texting the address to all of you, fly like the wind if you don’t want to miss the fun.”
“Oh my god,” Donnica gasped. “Move out!” she shouted. I gave her my best what-the-fuck look. She laughed. “That means drop everything you’re doing and get ready, to spill, a lot, of blood.”

TRYNNADON

Holy. Fucking. Hell. Man, James, do I fucking love you right now. I could barely contain myself from dropping in the middle of the crowd and go to town with them. Standing on top of a fifteen-story building, I watched as vampires and humans alike went about their business. None even bothered to look up. Well, that was fucking fine with me. Brynna, standing a few yards from me, was growling in anticipation. “She is here,” she hissed at me. “I just fucking know it.” I was about to call Elijah when Raina dropped from the sky with… two vampires. I growled at them.
“They’re with us,” Raina whispered in my ear. “So you can stop your growling. It’s scary.” I snorted. “I went to get them.”
“For?”
“They were summoned by the Council. Since they were a little late, I went and got them myself.”
Brynna coughed. “It was supposed to be me, but I couldn’t resist the temptation below us.”
Raina laughed. “You were always hungry for a battle.” She gestured to the taller blond vampire, his gaze fixed on the crowd with a little too much interest. “Tecrayle,” she said. He turned to her. “That’s Trynnadon and Brynna. Guys, this is Tecrayle and his friend, Byron,” she said, nodding to the other vampire. Brynna and I nodded to them in greeting. “Brynna is a hunter, so don’t fuck with her or she’ll rip out your entrails and shove them down your throats.”
Brynna grinned evilly at them. “And I’ll do it while laughing my ass off.” They both blinked and nodded.
“Trynnadon is a member of the Night Stalkers,” Raina continued. “You don’t want to fuck with him either.” They once again nodded. “And Tryn, you can put your phone away, I’ll call Elijah.” I grunted and slipped the phone back in my pocket. She looked up as Donnica, James, Callan, Eric, and Kira flew down to land on the roof. “Meet the rest of the NSC,” she said. “Guys, this is Tecrayle and Byron, so don’t kill them.”
“So,” I said. “Are you going to call him or not?”
“As soon as everybody gets here.”
“You are sure Audrianna is here?”
“I bet you a hundred bucks that she’s here.”
“Fine.” I sighed. “Who else are coming?” She pointed to the sky. I looked up to find Ari, Loria, Jayr, Trinity, Kaylee, Draven, Eden, Donna, Isabelle, Tory, Trent, Preston, Jade, Adalyn, Ian, and Tate coming at us at lightning speed. I laughed. “Oh, the VC are the last to know?”
“Uh, hey, you guys?” Adalyn said nervously. We all looked at her. “Avery is wondering why I’m so hyped up.”
“Well,” Brynna said eagerly. “Spill it. Tell him to get his ass over here pronto.”
“Brynna, this all could go to hell you know,” I drawled.
“Can I be in my happy place for once?” she growled. “Last time, I didn’t even get a chance to play Russian roulette. Now, I get to be involved in slaughterhouse night.”
“Slaughterhouse night?” I asked.
“Yeah, it’s what the VC calls it whenever massive killings are happening.”
“Hmm, I see.” I stiffened as the air stirred and Elijah, Taylor, and Avery appeared out of nowhere.
“Where’s Evelyn?” Brynna asked.
“She’s staying behind with Tristan,” said Taylor.
“So, how are we going to do this?” I asked, scanning the crowd below me. I looked at Elijah questioningly.
“Wow,” said Elijah. “I think tonight just made my top five best night of my life.” He laughed darkly, and I fell on my ass as his power exploded out of him. Hmm, why wasn’t I flying through the air like last time? “Because I’m preventing it,” Elijah growled. Suddenly, everything went dead silent. Not even a sound could be heard from inside the building. Ah, so much for crashing the party. I grimaced as Elijah’s voice pounded painfully in my head. Hmm, what could this gathering be in celebration of, I wonder? Tsk, tsk, so many secrets and so many lies. Let’s see what we have here. I shifted uncomfortably as he rooted through my mind. Ah, there it is, you guys have one of my own. Here’s the deal, you release her, and I’ll let you all go unharmed. I snarled. No? Elijah asked. Pity. He sighed. “Audrianna is on the bottom floor,” he said out loud to us. “Go all the way down until you can’t go any farther. She is in the last room on the right.”
“I’ll be in charge of getting her out,” Ian growled.
“Me, too,” said Jayr.
“Me three,” said Loria.
He growled low in his throat. “Delilah is not here.” We all nodded. “Watch out for each other. Whatever happens, you’d all better come out alive. If you don’t, I swear I’ll turn this state into a fucking warzone.” He looked at each of us. “And if Audrianna dies, I’ll rip each and everyone’s throat out.” He launched himself into the air. “Am I clear, hunter? Watchers? Protectors? Civilians?”
“Yes,” we all said in unison.
“Good,” he snarled, and then the roof fell away from me.
Oh, the screams, the cries of pain were music to my ears as the building came down on them. I hissed as plaster smacked me upside the head. Move it, I only collapsed half the building. Elijah growled in my head. I went through the debris and snatched a struggling vampire. She hissed and snapped at me. I smirked and staked her with a piece of broken wood. She shrieked as I repeatedly staked her. “Hey, you’re supposed to kill her, not torture her,” Kira snarled at me. I laughed and wasting no time, tore the head off. She smiled and smashed a torch into another vampire’s head. He screamed as he caught on fire. “I’m going downstairs,” she said and disappeared amongst the debris. I ducked as a headless corpse came at me.
“Sorry,” Brynna shouted, holding back a laugh.
I flipped her off and jumped into the useless elevator, smashing another vampire face first into the panel. “Say goodbye to your pathetic life,” I growled and punched through flesh and bones, wrapping my hand around the heart and yanking it out.
“Shit.” I turned to face Adalyn, giving her a questioning look. “This is like way too many of them.”
“Tell me about it,” I muttered, stepping out of the elevator and making my way to the busted double doors.
“There are like thirty of us and how many of them?” she grumbled as she followed me down the stairs. “What floor is this anyway?”
“Seven? Six? I have no idea,” I said, rounding a corner. Three vampires snarled and rushed us. I hissed as I was knocked backward, followed by blow after blow to my upper body. I snarled and sent him flying into the other vampire with a thought. I was on both of them in a blink. Adalyn yanked the second vampire from me and hurled him through a huge gap in the wall. Before I could get another blow to the head, I punched through the chest of the one I was still holding. I blinked as his head popped off. That was so not me. Elijah? Shaking my head, I got up. Ignoring the multiple pools of blood, torn out hearts, ripped off heads, limbs, and corpses, I ducked into another room.
“Help me?” Kira panted the moment she spotted me. I watched as a large piece of glass flew through the air and imbed itself in one of the vampire’s neck. Kira froze as Elijah dropped down beside me.
“You’re about to find out why my siblings or I don’t join in these… worthless killings,” Elijah said, sounding very bored. Kira and I watched as seven vampires either got their heads popped off or combusted into a million pieces.
“You want to teach me how to do that?” I grunted.
“Nope, shut up and move.” We went down another flight of stairs. Down there, Brynna, Byron, Tecrayle, James, and Eric were taking on about twenty vampires. I winced as Brynna got her stomach slashed open. “Kira, stay out of it,” Elijah snarled as she was about to grab the nearest vampire. She groaned and dropped her hand back to her side. Blood flew in every direction as heads and hearts were finally being ripped out. I bent down and picked a jagged looking piece of wood and let it fly. One of the vampires screamed as it hit its target. Behind me, Elijah growled. He passed me and snatched another vampire and drove his fangs deep into his neck. Kira gasped. I turned to her. Cringing, she slowly backed away from Elijah.
“Yep,” I said. “Very painful.” I turned back to the fight and just in time, too. I grabbed the vampire before she could grab me.
“Sorry,” Elijah growled and ripped into the back of her neck.
“Damn it, you,” I grumbled and let her fall into his embrace. “Brynna,” I called over the screams, the snarls, and the hisses. I groaned as one of the vampires staked her in the side. She cried out and went down. I braced myself just as Elijah’s hold on his energy snapped. Kira screamed as she was thrown backward to the floor. “Eric, James,” I growled. They turned and were in front of Kira in a heartbeat. I looked over to Byron and Tecrayle. They were frozen in fear as Elijah’s unnerving energy wrapped around them. I flashed over to them and pulled them away from him.
“What the hell?” Tecrayle gasped.
“Shut up,” I growled. “Unless you want to become his next meal.”
Elijah snarled and fell on the nearest vampire. “Get out of here,” he screamed at me.
I didn’t need telling twice. I shoved the two vampires. “Go downstairs,” I hissed. “Fast.” They nodded and moved in a blur. I snatched up Kira and went after them as Eric and James followed behind. We reached the bottom step before screams from above ripped through the air. Brynna’s scream was the loudest. James took Kira from me. I flashed back upstairs and grabbed Brynna. Luckily, she made it to the stairs. I hissed in pain as she dug her fingers into my arm. Hot blood rained down on us as I slowly went back downstairs.
“Ouch,” Byron hissed.
“That’s exactly what I was thinking,” Kira muttered. “But let’s keep moving?” I nodded. We made our way through broken boards and shattered glass to the next floor. Hmm, no vampires down there, but the massive blood and piles of bodies and scattered limbs told a different story. It wasn’t until we got to the first floor that we came across a free-for-all death match. In my arms, Brynna snarled. I let her go and she staggered to a wall and leaned heavily against it. Clutching the stake with both hands and grimacing, she pulled it out with a scream. A human, with a blank look on her face walked over to her. Brynna smiled before knocking the human to the floor and ripping her throat wide open. I chuckled and grabbed the stake that she tossed aside. I flashed behind one Loria was fighting and drove the stake into his back. She smiled and stabbed the knife into his chest several times before removing the heart and dropping it to the floor. I was about to stake another one when I felt a mental wall dropping around me. I cursed and dropped the stake instead.
“I think it’s time to end this,” Avery growled from several feet away.
“Avery,” Brynna groaned. “Just one more, please?”
“Go for it,” he growled. She didn’t hesitate. She flashed to another vampire and stabbed him with a piece of glass. He screamed as she continued to stab him, over and over, until the glass broke. She grabbed him by the throat and squeezed until her fingers broke through skin and tissues, until she was holding nothing but crushed trachea and other stuff in her hand. She laughed and nodded to Avery, Elijah, and Taylor, stepping back from her kill. “I think she’s quite satisfied now,” Avery drawled.
“I am,” Brynna said cheerfully. “They are all yours now.”
“Are you sure, hunter?” he growled.
“Very.” Without so much as a warning, Avery, Elijah, and Taylor were on the remaining vampires in a blink, viciously tearing through them as if they were made out of nothing. It was all over in a matter of seconds. Blood dripped from their mouths as they stared unseeingly at us.
“Uh,” Kira squeaked. “Are they going to eat us, too?”
“Don’t say that,” Donnica muttered. Taylor and Avery both blinked and got up. They turned to look at Elijah and swore loudly.
“What?” we all asked at once.
“So, who’s volunteering to feed him?” Taylor asked in a conversational tone. I sighed. “Okay, Tryn, you will.”
“What?” I growled.
She shrugged. “Everybody else looks like hell but you.” Grumbling, I walked over to them. “Let me help you out.” Before my mind could process what she meant, I hissed as her fangs tore my throat open. Elijah’s eyes flashed white for a second before he was on me. I screamed as his mouth latched onto my throat. My vision blurred as I tried to hold on to consciousness. “Let go, Tryn.” Unbearable pain coursed throughout my whole body as he continued to feed. Taylor’s eyes met mine, and then blissful darkness closed around me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nineteen

ELIJAH

“Stop!” Taylor’s voice, both inside my head and out loud, penetrated my thought process. “That’s enough!” I winced. “Elijah!” I growled and jerked away from Trynnadon. Hands grabbed me from behind and pulled me into a tight embrace.
“Focus,” Avery whispered in my ear. “Audrianna, remember?” I sucked in a sharp breath and held it for god knows how long, because the next thing I knew, I was staring down at the unconscious form of Audrianna. “Fuck,” Avery growled. “Tell your beast to fuck himself.” I half snorted, half growled. Avery let me go and stepped past me into the small, cell-like room. Blood, both fresh and old, hung thickly in the air. He bent down, wiping some of the blood off of her face. No open wounds, but it was clear that she had went through some major beatings, if the pink healed skin was any indication. He looked at me, his eyes narrowed thoughtfully. He muttered under his breath and straightened. Jayr, wincing and limping, made her way over. She stopped beside me, and I stiffened, trying my best not to turn around and grab her. The others were standing well away from me. Avery snarled, and the remaining lights overhead fizzed and popped, plunging us into darkness. “Oh, man.” He whistled. “Someone is not going to be in a good mood. Elijah, are you inside her head?” I growled in response. “K, guess that’s a no. If you were… well.”
“Take—” Whatever I was about to say went out the window as a piercing scream rent the air. I snarled, and someone punched me in the head. I hissed as I was jerked into a split second of darkness. Air whooshed out of me as I hit the floor, hard.
“Take Audri into one of the guest’s rooms. Now!” Evelyn’s voice was like a sonic boom to my poor sensitive ears. I got up, only to be thrown to the floor again. I snarled. At least the screaming stopped, I thought dryly. I heard hisses and grunts of pain. The red haze was so thick, it was a wonder I could still see through it. I tried getting up again, and again I was thrown back to the floor. “Avery, Taylor, if you guys are done feeding, drag this one,” I screamed as pain exploded in my head. “Downstairs.” I snarled at her once the pain receded. I made a grab for Brynna, but once again, pain took me over. I’m going to fucking kill you! I mentally snarled at Evelyn. “Yeah yeah yeah, you always say that.” Brynna, looking like she wanted to make a run for the door, stared at me. I stared right back. She blinked… and kicked me over. The next second, she was straddling me. Lucky bitch that she was, I couldn’t grab her down on me. It was either stop resisting or knock Evelyn unconscious. I couldn’t do the latter. One of us had to be in the right frame of mind, and Evelyn was the best at self-control. Yay for her. I smirked at the hunter.
“Do I get to use your own creation on you?” she asked, low for only me to hear.
“You’ve been dying to do so,” I growled. She pulled out a gun. How the hell did she not lose that in the battle? “Going to shoot me?” I asked as she pointed it at me.
“I’m working up the nerve to,” she grunted, her finger moving to the trigger. The more she talked to me, the more my hunger rose. My hand shot up and grabbed her gun hand. She gasped, going very still on top of me. I ignored the mental consecutive stabs of pain and turned her hand until the gun was pointed at her instead of me. Her breath caught and I smiled, flashing my fangs. Her eyes widened in terror as I held her hand immobile. The noise around us died as Avery, Taylor, Evelyn, Adalyn, and Raina suddenly stopped talking. “Elijah?” Brynna said, her voice shaking just slightly, but the fear coming off of her was something else.
“Hunter?” I growled. I looked over at Evelyn. “Release me, sister, or I make her shoot herself.” I turned back to look Brynna in the eye, and my compulsion slammed into her. “Isn’t that right, hunter?” Evelyn hissed.
“Yes,” she said in a monotone.
I let go of her hand. “What will you do when I say shoot?”
“I will pull the trigger.”
“Elijah,” Evelyn growled. “Let the hunter go.”
“I will, if you let me go.”
“Give me your word that you won’t bite her.” Fuck you to the deepest pits of hell! She laughed, and the pain in my head increased slightly. “Your word.”
“Oh, you’re no fun,” I hissed. “She’ll be fine.”
Evelyn sighed. “Fine.”
“Now release me or I’ll knock your ass out.” The mental hold she had around me snapped abruptly as she snarled and stalked down the hall. I released my hold on Brynna. She blinked and scowled at me. “Put that gun away.” She sighed and got off of me, slipping her gun back into her blood-stiffened pocket. She stiffened and backed into the hall as I slowly got up. In a blur, I had her pressed against the wall. She let out a gasp and struggled. “You know,” I said, my fangs grazing her blood coated neck. “That’s not going to do you any good.”
“Why—?” She gave out a small scream as I punctured her neck, drawing the warm sweet blood into my mouth and swallowing. She groaned and tried desperately to push me away. I growled and pulled harder. That only made her breathing faster and her struggling more frantic. I tore at her neck, and she hissed. I reluctantly pulled back slightly, my tongue still catching the blood as it flowed from the open wound. “Grrr, stop it.”
“Hmm.”
She groaned. “Please?” I sighed and licked at the wound, closing it. I stepped back and to the side as she tried to punch me. She cursed and flashed to the front door, muttering under her breath and rubbing at her neck. See you later, I mentally growled in her head as the door closed behind her. Fuck you. I chuckled and walked down the hall.
Stepping into Tristan’s room, I strode over to the bed and poked him in the side, hard. Of course, I got nothing in response. “Hey, mind cleaning up?” Evelyn asked from the window. I growled and spun around, and flashed out of the room and into the room next door. “Thank you, brother,” she called after me. “I really appreciate it,” she continued as I shut the door and made my way over to the closet. Pulling the closet door open, I grabbed clean clothes and slammed it shut. “Still not happy?” she asked. I could hear her perfectly through the wall, and if she wasn’t shutting up anytime soon, I was going to take a showerhead to the back of my own head. She laughed as I stepped into the bathroom, closing the door and locking it. “I have something that might interest you.” Setting my clothes on the toilet, I stripped out of the bloody ones. I grabbed a bag from under the sink and, after pulling out all my things and setting them on the sink counter, stuffed the bloody clothes into it. “You won’t like it,” she continued on. Dropping the bag into the sink, I turned and stepped into the shower. “You know—” I turned on the shower, cutting off the rest of her sentence. Half an hour later, I was out of the shower and dressed, and she was still talking. Jesus fucking Christ, was she ever going to shut up? Bag in hand, I left the bathroom and threw the hall door open. I stalked to the back door. Opening it, I tossed the bag into the dumpster. I spun around and went back into Tristan’s room. Evelyn screeched as I grabbed her and threw her out of the room. She spluttered and got back to her feet.
“Don’t you know how to shut the hell up?” I said. Feeling hungry and annoyed, I moved to Tristan. Resting a hand on his scorching neck, I willed the cold current from my hand to seep into him. The blood from the hunter wasn’t nearly enough. I sighed. “Any sign?” I asked.
“No,” she said heavily. “Not a fucking twitch.”
I sat down on the bed, my hand still on Tristan’s neck. “You really have something to tell me, or were you just talking to annoy me?”
She walked to the window and looked out into the pre-morning dawn. “I got word that humans are turning up dead.” I stiffened. “Not by rogues.”
“You know this… how, and why wasn’t it on the news?”
“Oh, it was.” She turned to look at me. “First body was found in the river, deep slashes all over. The cause of death? Blood loss. The second body was found in the alley behind a club, the one Tristan, Ari, and Loria visited a while back. The cause of death for that one? Struck by lightning. The third one—”
“Okay, I got it,” I snarled, jerking my hand from Tristan.
“It didn’t rain at all this week, did it?” she asked.
“No,” I said slowly.
“We’re the only ones that can manipulate the elements.”
I grunted. “As far as we know.”
“Yes, but we haven’t transferred that power to any vampires.”
“True.”
“And the deep slashes on the first victim?”
“Shadows,” I growled.
She nodded. “Now, I know Ashley wields shadows, but she can’t use it as a weapon, just for cover.”
“So, you’re telling me that you don’t know who’s killing the humans.”
“Like I said, I don’t think rogues were involved in this. No blood would be left in the bodies if they were.”
“Don’t we have enough problems to be going with?” I snarled.
“I know,” she sighed. “Let’s talk about this later.” I nodded. “Come on. Let’s check on Audri, the others are in there with her.” She glanced at Tristan. “He won’t bring the house down anytime soon.” I glanced at him for a long time. “Don’t do it,” she said softly. “I think he’s awake but not awake.” I took in a breath and nodded. She winced. “You want to know what I think?”
“Hit me,” I growled, getting up and walking to another guest room. Stopping at the door, I turned to her.
“I think he’s inside Audrianna.” I winced. “So, when he wakes up, he’ll know that we have her.”
“Oh, he will. You know it.” She nodded and reached past me to open the door. I turned, and we stepped inside. The NSC were lined up against one wall, their gazes locked on the bed. Ian, Tate, Jayr, and Loria parted as I made my way to the bed. I stared down at Audrianna. Cleaned up and in fresh clothes, it looked like she was sleeping. “Opened her eyes at all?” I asked.
“No,” said Ian.
“Did any of you feed her?” They all shook their heads, and I held back a growl. “Why not?” The air stirred as they shifted nervously. “Never mind,” I muttered. I dropped on the bed and lifted Audrianna slightly. I peeled back her upper lip. Right, her fangs weren’t out. “You know,” I said to her, “it really would be helpful if you extend that fang of yours, hmm? What you think?” I sighed and pried her mouth open. “You’re going to make me do all the work, aren’t you?” Evelyn came over and pulled Audrianna into a sitting position and leaned back against the headboard. In a flash, I struck my own wrist and had it over her mouth. Blood poured down her throat until my wound closed. I pulled it away and watched for any alertness. Seconds ticked by, then minutes, then her eyes popped opened. And she screamed, her muscles stiffening. I didn’t make any move to stop her, physically or mentally. I let her scream, until she couldn’t keep it up any longer and went limp on Evelyn. She wrapped her arms around Audrianna and held her tight. I gently put my hand under her chin, turning her head to look at me. I peered into her eyes, and sure enough, I saw Tristan staring back at me. She hissed and bared her fangs at me, or should I say, Tristan. I dropped my hand. No one moved as her eyes scanned the room and all of the faces. She focused back on me. “I. Know. Exactly. Where. Delilah. Is,” she snarled. The room went still. “But I’ll tell you later. Right now, I want you to knock her out.”
I blinked. “You sure?” I asked slowly.
“I won’t kill you for it. She’s going to be in tremendous pain.”
I winced and nodded. “Ok, if you say so.” I got up and mentally hit her upside the head, hard. She was out in a blink. I blew out a sharp breath. “Damn, I should have asked for his word,” I said. “Oh well, too late for that now.” I walked over to Kira and inclined my head. She blinked and stiffened. “Kira Conoleki,” I said, drawing out the name. She sucked in a breath and held it. “You are to appear before the Vampiric Council at sunset tomorrow.” She made a small sound at the back of her throat and nodded. I looked at Trynnadon. “You know the rules. You know the consequences. You will brief her on it before she is brought before us.”
“I understand,” he said softly. “I will tell her everything.”
I nodded. “On that note, you guys can leave.” I chuckled and walked out of the room and back into Tristan’s room. “Oh, you are burning up again,” I drawled as I came to a stop at his bedside. “I can’t leave you for a second, can I?” I bent down and pressed a finger to his pulse. “And it’s time for you to wake up.”
“Oh, don’t worry,” said Evelyn. “He’ll be up in no time now.”
“I don’t doubt that at all.”
“The NSC are gone.” I nodded. “Raina, Jayr, Loria, Ian, and Tate went hunting. Trent, Tory, and them went to do a little spying. Brynna is out there coming up with a plan to kill you.”
I snorted. “I’ll be waiting.”
She laughed. “And I have no idea where Avery and Taylor went.”
I grunted and let the cold current from my finger still over Tristan’s pulse seep into him for the umpteenth time and for the last time. After a long while, I straightened. At the door, I turned to Evelyn. “You stay here?”
She nodded. “I will. Just in case he decides to wake up the moment you leave.”
“Don’t forget to check on Audrianna as well.”
“I won’t. Go hunt. If I need anything, I’ll call.”
“Very well,” I said and stepped from the room, closing the door behind me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty

TRISTAN

I gasped and choked. I sucked in a sharp breath and held it as the sharp pain in my chest eased up a bit. I let air out in a whoosh. Panting, I slowly opened my eyes. The energy within me threatened to have its way with me as my hunger hit me. I snarled, cursing as I slowly sat up and looked around. A nightstand, a chair, a bed—well, go figure. I got up, only to fall back on the bed as dizziness took over. I groaned. Where the hell was everybody? Oh, right, I completely blocked myself out. In the distance, a door slammed, and a familiar peaceful energy wrapped around me. Of course, the one and only Evelyn. I tried to get up again, only to fall off of the bed and onto the floor. “Tristan?” I groaned. Who the hell else would it be? “Brother, are you up?” I didn’t answer her as I stared up at the ceiling, trying not to throw up. A gasp came from the doorway, but I didn’t turn my head to acknowledge her. She was at my side in a heartbeat. “How can I help you?”
“Don’t… Touch… Me,” I groaned.
“Let’s get you back on the bed.”
“Don’t…”
“What’s wrong? Please tell me.” I breathed deeply in and out. “Do I need to get Elijah?” I didn’t answer as the dizziness slowly went away to be replaced with raging hunger, but I couldn’t move for shit. I snarled, and the mental link to all my siblings and children dropped. Evelyn doubled over and let out an animalistic growl. “Tristan,” she growled. “Control it.” I hissed and grabbed her. “No, not me.” She made no move as I attempted to drag her to me. The room crackled as, one by one, Elijah, Taylor, Avery, Ian, and Tate appeared outside my room. Ian and Tate came in and pried my fingers from Evelyn. They picked me up and dropped me back onto the bed, all the while being hungrily stared at from everyone in and outside the room. I snarled and slammed them back out. Everybody but me let out a relieved breath. Elijah and the rest came in and surrounded me.
“Do we all need to be in here?” Elijah asked. I growled low in my throat. “Everybody clear out.” I groaned as nausea rolled over me again. Argh, the hell did they feed me? “Out,” he growled when no one made a move. Slowly, one by one, they left. Elijah grunted and sent the door slamming shut.
“What the fuck did you guys feed me?” I groaned.
His eyes narrowed thoughtfully. “Blood.”
Breathing deeply, I slowly pushed to a sitting position, backing up until I hit the wall. “Vampire or human?” I swallowed hard, pushing the tainted blood back down.
“Vampire.”
I nodded. “Human would be nice, too, you know.”
He sighed heavily. “Well, to be honest, while you were sleeping, shit’s been popping up.”
“Do I even want to know?”
He smirked. “Just wait until you get to your office.” I growled. “But let’s take it one at a time.” I stiffened as, once again, my nausea turned into hunger. I snarled and swung my legs to the side and got up. “First, let’s get you some blood.” Elijah’s eyes locked onto mine. “More like lots of blood,” he said after a moment of silence. He moved to the door and opened it. I followed him into the kitchen and dropped into a chair. “Hmm.”
“Audrianna?” I asked.
“She’s fine. Evelyn is keeping her asleep at the moment.” I nodded stiffly. He moved to the refrigerator and opened it. He swore loudly. I chuckled. He pulled out a blood bag and slammed the refrigerator shut. “Why isn’t there ever enough blood when we need it?” he snarled, tossing the blood to me. I snatched it from the air and ripped into it. I so did not care that it was thick and cold as I quickly drained it. I dropped the empty bag on the table. I sniffed the air and a growl came out of me. Ian strode into the kitchen and stopped at the sight of me. Elijah again swore and pinned me with a look. I winced as I felt a brief second of a sharp pain in my chest. Kira, I silently snarled. I inhaled the sweet scent around me. Only another brief flare of pain kept me in my chair. Elijah’s eyes narrowed suspiciously. “However, you’re not.”
“Good of you to notice,” I growled.
Ian cleared his throat. “She’s asking for you, sire,” he said, coming closer and stopping right in front of me.
“Hmm,” said Elijah. “I’m out of here,” he said and flashed out of the kitchen.
I finally met Ian’s nervous gaze. “It’s been over four hundred years, and you’re still afraid of me,” I drawled. I grabbed his arm before he could move away from me.
“Well,” he muttered. “You’re the scariest motherfucker in the world.”
“Is that so?” I growled softly.
“It is,” he muttered and twisted his arm until I saw the vein in his wrist. He winced as my grip tightened painfully. I hissed and jerked until he fell against me. He cursed. “Why not the wrist?” he gritted out. I plunged my fangs deep in his neck and pulled. “Jesus! Fucking! Christ!” he yelled. My other arm came around him as he jerked involuntarily. I tightened my hold and pulled harder and faster. I chuckled to myself as he cursed me to hell and back. “I… hate… you…” he gasped.
“Mmm,” I said in response, since that was the only thing I could say as I drew one last mouthful of the warm sweet blood and swallowed, reluctantly pulling back and closing the wound. All of the energy drained out of him, and he went limp in my arms. Licking the remaining blood off of my lips, I rose with him. I put my hand under his chin and tilted his head back until he met my gaze. I smirked as I saw the burning thirst swimming in those pitch-black eyes. He blinked, and then he swore even more. Before he could say anything, I let my compulsion roll him. “When you feed,” I said softly. “You will not kill.”
“Yes, sire,” he said in a monotone. I released him and stepped back, letting go the moment he got his balance. He gave me one last glance before flashing from the kitchen. A moment later, I heard the front door slamming behind him.
“Well, what do you know,” I said to empty air and stalked into the hall. Stopping before a door, I inclined my head and listened. No one other than Evelyn and Audrianna were in the house. I slowly turned the knob and pushed the door open.
“It’s about time,” Evelyn said in that sweet cheerful voice of hers. I grunted and stepped into the room, closing the door behind me. She got off the bed as I approached them.
“What happened to you?” Audrianna choked out.
“I should be the one asking you that,” I said, dropping onto the bed and pulling her onto my lap. She sighed and buried her head in the hollow of my neck and shoulder. She cleared her throat.
“Evelyn said that you got stabbed,” she mumbled.
I stroked her back and nodded. “I did.”
“By who?”
“Kira.”
“Damn, she’s got nerves,” she croaked. “So when’s her trial of death?”
“Tomorrow at sunset,” Evelyn answered. “That is…” She looked at me. “If you’re up for it. We could change it.”
I shook my head. “Tomorrow is fine,” I said. Evelyn nodded. “I have a question for you, Audri.”
She stiffened and pulled back to look at me. “I think I already know what that question is,” she muttered.
I stopped stroking her back and gave her a questioning look. “Oh?” She nodded. I leaned in and whispered into her ear. “Do enlighten me, my sweet, sweet childe of mine.”
She took in a shuddering breath. “You want to know why I blocked you from sensing me, before the pain took me,” she mumbled.
“Exactly,” I growled. “Let me tell you, it was not, pleasant, in the slightest, bit.” I pulled back and looked at her. “So, why did you block me?”
“For that reason,” she mumbled. “I didn’t want you to feel the pain with me. I thought I could hold it.” The energy around me crackled. She shifted slightly. I tightened my grip on her, preventing her from moving from my lap. “I know it was a stupid thing to do.”
“It was,” I growled. “I saw everything, felt everything.”
She looked down. “I’m sorry.”
I blew out a breath. “Next time do not block me, and if I have my way, there won’t be a next time. Ever. Look at me.” She looked up but didn’t meet my eyes. “Are you still in pain? And do not lie to me.” She nodded grimly, and before I could say anything else, she gave a painful hiss, and I felt the sting of her fangs at my throat. I grunted and caught myself before my head hit the wall behind me. I put my arms around her as she continued to feed. After a long minute, I growled, and she stiffened. “I know how addicting my blood is, sweetheart, but if you want me in the right frame of mind…” She continued to pull at my neck. “Enough.” I growled and ripped her fangs from my neck when she still didn’t stop. I quickly caught the blood from my bite wound before it could soak my shirt. Audrianna sighed and licked the blood off of her lips. I reached over and snagged a paper towel from the side table and wiped my hand clean.
“I was planning to drain you,” said Audrianna, sounding more like herself.
“Were you?” I asked, tossing the towel into the trashcan.
She pushed off of my lap and got up. “Yep.”
“Mmm, now that would be interesting.”
She shuddered. “You think?”
“Hmm.” I gestured toward the door. “Go on.” She gave me a peck on the cheek and flashed from the room before I could snap at her.
“Well,” said Evelyn. “That was entertaining.” I grabbed the jug of water and downed the rest of what was left. Setting the jug back on the table, I got up. “Oh,” she sang. “I can’t wait until you get to your office. Are you on your way now?” I ignored her and stepped from the room. Of course, she followed.
In my office, I dropped heavily into a chair and swiveled around to glare at Evelyn. She folded her arms and leaned against the closed door. I growled at her when she didn’t say anything. I turned to the file cabinet and unlocked the last drawer with a thought. I pulled it open and grabbed a three-inch blue binder and slammed it on the desk. I grunted and also grabbed the red one and slammed the drawer shut. I put the red binder on top of the blue and pushed it aside and turned to the computer. I moved the mouse to get rid of the screensaver. I flipped the binder open and stared at the report on top. I so didn’t want to read it. I skipped the saving Audrianna report and went on to the second one. I blinked and looked at Evelyn. “Third Blood?”
She nodded quickly. “I wasn’t there to witness it.” She grumbled. “Wish I was. They kind of screwed up.”
I quickly skimmed the report and smirked. “Well, well, I want to meet this… Tav.” I swiftly went through the rest of the report and nodded in satisfaction. I closed it and opened the drawer and put the binder back. I frowned at the blue one. “I don’t even want to check this one,” I muttered. “So, why don’t you just tell me instead of having me read it?” I dropped the second binder back into the drawer and slammed it shut and relocked it. I turned to her. “Tell me or I’ll mind fuck you.”
Evelyn grimaced. “Humans are turning up dead.” I stiffened. “All I know, it wasn’t the work of a rogue.”
“Don’t we already have enough problems as it is?”
“Elijah said the same thing.”
“Mmm.” She moved out of the way as I sent the door crashing open.
“What are you going to do with Tav?” she asked. I shrugged. We made our way to the holding cell, and I hissed. Evelyn grabbed me and held me in a tight embrace. Reaching out, she flipped the lock and opened it. “Don’t,” she hissed and let me go. I gritted my teeth and stepped inside. Tav flinched and pressed himself into the wall.
“Not going to work,” I growled softly. “Now.” I reached out and cupped his chin, forcing him to look at me.
“You, you must be Tristan,” he said.
“Mmm, that, I am.” I dropped my hand back to my side and inclined my head. He shuddered and looked down at his blood-stiff clothes. “Tell me, Tav. Why is Kira one of us?”
He looked back up at me. “I turned her at the last second.”
“I can see that. My question is… why?”
“Because she got some fire in her.”
“Does she now?” He gasped as my hand punched through his chest and wrapped around his heart. “You can do. Much… better than that,” I whispered.
“You can’t kill me,” he gasped. “If you hurt me, you hurt her.”
I leaned in until my mouth was in inch or so from his ear. “I know that,” I hissed and squeezed just a little. He sucked in a sharp breath. “But she wants you dead. I don’t blame her.”
“Please, please don’t do it.”
I straightened, my hand still in his chest. “I won’t.” I loosened my hold on his heart and pulled my hand back out. He sucked in gulps of air, his hand over the gaping hole. “I’ll let her do it.”
“She wouldn’t dare,” he gasped, grimacing in pain.
“Oh?” I asked softly. “We’ll find out tomorrow at sunset, won’t we?” I backed out of the holding cell and slammed it shut.
“Damn,” Evelyn breathed. “Can’t the poor guy get a break?”
I snorted. “Sure. Bring me Dante and meet me outside.” She huffed and turned. I walked to the front door and opened it, stepping outside. I breathed in the fresh air and let it out slowly. I heard Dante cursing up a storm as he was dragged outside. Evelyn sighed. “That was quick,” I said.
“Thanks,” she said and pushed him. I caught him before he could hit the ground. “Where are you going?”
“I’m going to wreak havoc downtown,” I said dryly.
She stiffened. “Please, for the love of all that’s holy, don’t.”
I chuckled. “Of course, sister.” I put my hands around Dante’s throat and choked him until he couldn’t get air to curse at me. “I’m going to pay Trinity a visit. Isn’t that right, Dante?” He glared at me.
“Can I come?”
I shrugged. “Don’t care.” I released Dante and punched him, knocking him unconscious. “Much better,” I said and teleported.
I slapped a hand over Trinity’s mouth before she could scream. Her eyes widened. She nodded, and I removed my hand. “It’s nice to see you again,” I drawled. She blinked, but didn’t say anything. “Aren’t you going to say hi to me sweetheart?”
“Hi,” she mumbled.
I laughed softly. “May we come in?” She nodded and moved out of the way.
“I’ll wait out here,” said Evelyn.
I stepped inside just as Dante was coming around. “You come here just to stand outside?” I asked her.
“Fine, fine.” She stepped through the door and closed it behind her.
I dragged Dante into the living room and dropped him. “So,” I said softly to Trinity. “You are probably wondering why we’re here.”
“Do I get to kill him?” Trinity asked, glaring down at Dante.
Evelyn laughed. “You really want to kill him. Why is that? I’m just curious.”
“Hey, he tried to kill me first.”
“Hmm.”
“He did,” I said, dropping onto the couch. “Unless a stake to the side doesn’t count.”
Evelyn winced. “Ouch.”
“Exactly.” I leaned back and scanned the room. Another couch was to my right, a table in front of me, and a TV across the room, which was currently on mute. My gaze flicked back to Dante as he made a pained sound. Hmm, I guess I punched him a little too hard. “Where is Kaylee?” I asked.
“She went to get something to eat,” said Trinity.
“Something or someone?”
She shrugged. “Probably both.”
I nodded. “Well, I gave you my word, so get it over with.”
“Here?” she squeaked.
I grunted. “Fine, fine, we’ll do it outside.” I got up and grabbed Dante and followed Trinity to the opened back door. She took him from me and threw him to the ground. I stepped outside after her and pulled out the blade. Removing the safety blocks and flicking it opened, I handed it to her. “Do. Not. Touch. The. Blade,” I warned her. “I mean it.” She nodded and took it from me.
“I want to do it,” Evelyn said to me. I shrugged and moved away from them. I dropped a mental hold on Dante and silenced him. “Trinity Cowin, you are ordered to carry out the demise of Dante Brensworth for the one hundred seven counts of innocent draining to the point of death in the past one hundred eighty-one years, and one count of attempted killing of a fledgling.”
“Attempted killing of a fledgling?” Trinity asked. “That wouldn’t happen to be me, would it?” Evelyn smiled. “Damn,” Trinity muttered and walked to Dante. She frowned at the blade and put it to his neck. He would have flinched and screamed if I wasn’t holding him in a mental body lock and silencing him. “Hmm.”
“Go on,” I said. “Dawn is almost here, and I wish not to linger out here.” She pulled her hand away and took a deep breath. Holding it, she stabbed him. She winced as the blade went halfway in. I, on the other hand, snarled and flashed away from them before I could grab him and drain him instead. She yanked it out and stabbed him for a second time, and that time, the head severed from the body. Evelyn smirked and threw a fireball at it. She held out her hand for the blade. Trinity handed it over and quickly stepped back inside, her eyes locked on me. I hissed at her. She squeaked and slammed the door shut. Evelyn laughed and flashed over to me.
“Let’s go,” she said, putting a hand on my arm. “I could get a drink or two myself.” I bared my fangs at her. She laughed. “None of that now,” she said and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-one

KIRA

“Are you ready for your trial tonight?” Loria asked.
“Do I have to be?” I grumbled. I drummed my fingers against the tabletop in a rhythmic pattern. If it was bothering Loria, who was sitting across from me, she didn’t give anything away to show it. She nodded. “I guess so,” I muttered.
“You know,” she said. “You might get away with it.”
I snorted. “That’s unlikely.”
“You never know.”
“Humph. This is going to be super weird.”
She laughed. “You’ll be fine.”
“Right,” I muttered.
She got up from the table. “Well, I’ll grab you a bag of blood. You look like you could use some.”
“I want to go hunting.”
She looked thoughtful. “How’s your self-control?”
I shrugged. “Horrible.”
“Hmm.” She nodded. “Okay fine, but you have to stop yourself.”
I pushed away and got up. “I’ll try. Good enough answer?”
“I suppose.” She led me outside. I blinked and reached into my pocket, pulling out my sunglasses. I sighed as I slipped them on, the heavily tinted lenses blocking out most of the daylight glare. “Hmm,” said Loria.
“Going somewhere?” Donnica asked from behind me.
“I’m going to eat someone,” I said.
“Really? Do count me in,” she said, stepping outside and pulling the door closed behind her. I shook my head and walked to the gate. It automatically opened as we got closer. I frowned at it. “I did that,” said Donnica. I nodded and continued walking. Okay, sniffing time, I muttered to myself as we crossed another street. I inhaled deeply and nearly choked. There was a gas leak somewhere. I coughed, clearing my airway.
“Okay,” I said. “That was a bad start.”
“Next time,” said Loria. “Sniff first.”
“I meant to,” I muttered.
“This way,” she said, turning down an alley. Donnica and I followed her. She locked eyes with a human walking past. The human stopped and turned, walking over to me. We stopped and waited as she continued her way toward me. She came to an abrupt stop in front of me. “Remember what Tristan told you?” she asked me.
“Ah…” I said, not sure what she meant by it.
“You can either compel her before you feed or during it.” Ah right. She was talking about compulsion. I nodded. “We tend to do it during the feeding.”
I reached out and pulled the human closer to me. “I’ll do it while feeding,” I said.
Loria nodded. “Remember. Do. Not. Kill. Her. If you do…” She winced. “Your chance to see another day will be nonexistent.”
“I know I know,” I said heavily. “Now are you done talking?”
“As a matter of a fact… I am.” I nodded and pulled the human into my embrace. She gave a surprised gasp. I blinked.
“What the—?”
“You will not scream,” I said, staring deeply into her eyes. “You will not struggle.”
“I will not scream or struggle,” she said in a bored voice. I huffed out a breath. Quick as lightning, I hissed and sank my fangs into her neck. She jerked involuntarily but didn’t scream or struggle as I drew in mouthfuls of the warm blood. Loria said something under her breath that I couldn’t quite make out over the rushing in my ears. I groaned and held the human tighter.
“Kira.” I ignored the voice and kept on feeding. “Kira! Stop! Now!” I growled and really did try… to stop. A few seconds later, someone was choking me. The human was jerked away from me, and I was slammed to the ground. I coughed and blinked, trying to clear my head of the red haze. “You really need to work on that.” I sat up and shook my head. Once the world righted itself in my mind, I looked up at Loria who was standing over me. She handed me a napkin? I frowned at her. “I just happen to carry that in my pocket. Wipe the blood from your mouth and chin.” I grunted and did as I was told. She took it from me and threw it in a random direction.
“Well,” said Donnica. “The human is fine. Lucky you.” Loria held out her hand. I took it, and I was on my feet in a blink.
“Ashley,” I said. Loria and Donnica both turned to watch her approach. She was moaning and cursing, her hands over her ears. “Where are you off to?” I asked. She groaned and jerked her hands away. “Ashley?”
“I’m going to drop Alyssa a visit,” she said.
“I’ll take you,” said Donnica. She nodded. “I hope you like roller coaster, because this is going to be fast.” She shrugged.
“Well, you two go ahead. Kira and I have someplace to be,” said Loria.
“Where to now?” I grumbled. Suddenly, I was hit from behind. I hissed, and in a blur, I found myself on the ground. Without thinking, I was upright. I snarled and spun around, tackling the hunter to the ground. She laughed. I glared down at her.
“Not bad,” said Brynna. “Not bad at all. Now if you don’t mind, Miss Stabber, I’d really appreciate it if you got off of me.” She bared her fangs at me when I didn’t move. “Now,” she said, a hint of a warning in her voice. Not wanting to get my heart ripped out anytime soon, I got off of her. “Well, Conoleki, I didn’t expect you to be on guard. Good for you, because in this life, there’s always someone out there who wants to kill you.”
“Thanks for the lesson,” I muttered.
She huffed. “You fledglings always get on my nerves,” she muttered under her breath. “Come,” she said louder and turned to head down another street. I glanced at Loria. She nodded. I sighed. And followed.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“A club,” said Brynna.
“Er… a club?”
“I just said it a second ago,” she sighed.
“Why?”
“Because, there’s a rogue I want to kill, and you’re going to observe… or not.” We fell into silence until we came up to the entrance of the club. Two bouncers looked us over and glared.
“You’re not allowed here,” one of them said in a bored tone.
“I’m sorry?” said Brynna. “I thought anyone is allowed in and out?”
“You three look like troublemakers.”
“Really?” she asked sweetly. “What makes you think that?”
He shrugged. “Go on in,” he muttered. “But if I see a hint of trouble, I’m throwing you out. Got it?”
“Loud and clear.” She nodded to us, and we followed her inside. Brynna scanned the club and smiled. “I expected to be here for hours,” she said, her eyes lingering on the darkest corner of the club. “Looks like we’ll be out in a minute or two. Head for the back, I’ll meet you both there.” I nodded and made my way through drunken lusty clubbers and to the back. Pushing the door open, Loria and I stepped out, letting the door slam behind us. I let out a relieved breath and leaned against the brick wall a few feet away from us.
“Another test?” I asked.
“No,” said Loria. “I guess she just—” The door flew opened, and Brynna dragged the spitting, snarling rogue out, slamming him to the pavement. I winced.
“Now then,” said Brynna. “We need to get out of here.” She turned to Loria. “Take her.” Without a word, Loria grabbed me and launched herself upward. I gasped and stiffened as we rose higher and higher into the sky. “Relax,” said Brynna. “She’s not going to drop you.” She smirked. “If it would make you feel better. I can assure you—” The vampire in her arms snarled, cutting her off. “Silence,” she said sweetly to him. “As I was saying,” she continued. “If it would make you feel any better. I can assure you that she won’t live to see the next day if she dropped you. The fall wouldn’t kill you, but… you get my point.” I nodded and took in a deep breath and relaxed in Loria’s embrace. Brynna stiffened and came to an abrupt stop in the air. Before I could ask what was wrong, I saw a flash of motion, and it was coming toward us. Tristan snarled and jerked the rogue vampire from her. Then he looked directly at me. I swallowed hard.
“Conoleki?” He smirked. “I’ll see you soon,” he said and disappeared. I shuddered. Brynna chuckled and started to descend. Loria followed her without a word. She let go of me and nodded.
“Where to now?” I asked.
“To your trial.”
I gulped. “Already?”
“Mmhmm, time flies. Doesn’t it? Hours can feel like minutes, and minutes can feel like seconds. Don’t you agree?” I just stared at her. She waved her hand in front of me. “Oh, Kira,” she sang. “Wake up.” I blinked and shook my head. “That’s more like it.” I groaned. “Welcome, Trynnadon. Nice to see you again.” I spun around and growled at him. Trynnadon sighed and gave me a very annoyed look. “Loria, you know what to do.”
“I’m sorry,” Loria whispered in my ear, and the world abruptly went black.
Everything came back to me, slowly, painfully. I was being held up by… I sniffed and growled. Trynnadon hissed in my ear and tightened his hold on me. I shivered and looked around. The room was huge and made from stone. Cool air breezed into the room from somewhere, a single light casting an eerie glow from high above. Where are we? I asked, projecting my mental question at him. This is where they hold the trial. Where are they? He shrugged. Not here yet. He let out a hiss, and I was suddenly flying through the air. Breath whooshed out of me as I landed painfully hard against the stone floor. The air stirred around me. I flinched. “Rise,” Evelyn said in a bored voice. I quickly got to my feet and looked up at her. “Do you have anything that can harm us in any way?”
“No, I do not,” I said clearly and with certainty in my voice.
“Retract your fangs.”
I blinked at her and nodded. “Of course.” I took a deep breath and willed my fangs to retract. Not a second too soon, I felt a brief pressure against my gums. I grimaced.
“You will not be able to extend it no matter how hard you try, and do keep in mind that if you try, we will know.” I nodded. “State your full name.”
“Kira Conoleki.”
“Very well, do you know why you are here?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Tell us why you are here.”
“I’m here because I stabbed a Council member.”
“Indeed, and you plead…”
“Guilty.”
“And do you wish to live?”
“Yes, very much so.”
“Someone else will have to take your place in death then.” I stiffened. “You get to pick.” I nodded. “Choose carefully, fledgling, because whoever’s life you pick will be forfeited this very night.” She smirked. “Do you understand?”
“I understand,” I said softly. She nodded. I gasped as the cold darkness enclosed them in, sending a blasting of freezing air my way. Then I was being pulled back. I turned my head to find Trynnadon still standing by the closed door. I frowned at him. He didn’t stop pulling me until I was a foot or so away from him. I shook my head and turned to face the entire room. I sighed. I already knew who I wanted dead, but it was so going to be a bitch. I snarled and nodded to myself.
“Are you sure?” Trynnadon asked softly.
“I am,” I growled.
“Well then, go forward.”
“That was quick,” said Evelyn. The darkness in front of me vanished to reveal the five Council members. “Come.” I bit my lower lip and walked up to her. “Hunter,” she said, and Brynna, holding Tav by the throat, stepped from the shadows at the far side of the room. She moved with lightning speed and shoved him to the floor before the Council. Elijah bent and jerked him to his feet, turning him around to face me. Evelyn nodded to me. “Get a move on.” I swallowed and moved closer to my own sire. Although he couldn’t speak or move, his eyes held a challenging look.
“You don’t think I can do it,” I softly growled at him. The tension in the room rose as I took another step. I glanced at the Council members. Tristan held out a blade, the very same blade that almost killed him. I gulped and carefully took it from him. “Ah…”
“Let me make one more thing clear,” said Evelyn. “You kill your sire. You are to go under another’s guidance.”
“Um…”
“In other words, you will be sired by someone else.” I blinked. “Every essence of your sire will be drained from you—”
“Oh,” I said interrupting her, and then snapped my mouth shut.
She laughed. “Exactly. Now get on with it.” Without thinking, my blade hand moved in a blur. I cried out in pain, but didn’t stop the stabbing. I sucked in a sharp breath and held it as I gave it one final stab and slash. Elijah jerked back from the body; both it and head fell to the floor, spraying blood everywhere. Rubbing at the phantom pain in my neck, I moved back, clutching the custom-made blade tightly in my hand, and I realized that I was breathing hard.
“With that done and over with,” Evelyn said through clenched teeth. “Let’s move on. Tristan?” My head snapped up to look at her, then to Tristan. He just stared at her. To say the least, everybody was staring at her. She shrugged. Tristan turned to me, and it took all my effort not to turn and run. His gaze moved to my hand, and it twitched on its own accord. Suddenly, he was directly in front of me. I squeaked, and my blade hand was locked in an iron grip. I froze.
“Were you going to stab me again?” Tristan growled softly. He tugged the blade from my numb hand, sliding the safety block back in place and flipping it close. He released me and stepped closer. Before I could step back a pace or two, his hands closed around my upper arms. His eyes met mine and then everything went blurry. “You will not fight me. Or scream. You will remember everything.” I blinked in confusion before everything came back to me in a rush. Tristan smirked and nodded. “Everybody out,” he growled.
“Uh…”
He sighed. “I wish not to have to fight every one of them from you,” he muttered.
“Oh.”
“Mmhmm. Now, I want you to tilt your head back.” I didn’t make a move. His eyes narrowed. “Okay then, don’t.” I gasped and found myself staring up at the ceiling. He came closer and held me in an unbreakable hold. My mind screamed in protest as his growl turned into a snarl. I couldn’t do anything to stop him as I felt the sharp fangs pierce my neck. A brief flash of pain raced throughout my whole body and was gone just as quickly. I inwardly shuddered as the world slowly narrowed into pinpricks. Then pain once again took over. Stars danced before my eyes as the pain grew more unbearable by the second. My back slammed hard against something, and a scream tore from my throat. I choked as something warm filled my mouth. I swallowed and groaned as the pain slowly went away, but it so wasn’t fast enough for my liking. I whimpered and then snarled at the absence of the blood. My fangs automatically shot out, and in the far distance, I could hear whispers. That is more like it. Tristan’s amused voice pounded painfully in my head. I blinked my eyes open. It was now dark in the room. I frowned. Why was my memory intact? “Your mind always wanders,” he drawled. He put his wrist to my mouth, puncturing it against my fangs. “Drink.” I grabbed his arm and tore at his wrist. “Tell me,” he said softly. “What ability do you wish to acquire from me?” My eyes widened. He chuckled. And you can only pick one, and only one.” Do I get a list of what I can have? I mentally asked him. “No, you don’t.” His hand came up and prevented me from pulling back. “You will keep feeding until I tell you to stop.” Yes, sire, I grumbled. “Tell me, and quickly.” Teleportation and compulsion. He growled. “I said only one.” But— “One,” he hissed. I shuddered. “Now, which one will it be?” Compulsion. “Very well.” I gasped and struggled as pain once again returned, but it wasn’t as painful as before. He grabbed both of my hands and locked them in place behind my back. “Don’t fight it, sweetheart,” he whispered in my ear. “Relax. When you wake, you’ll be back to yourself again.” No… I mentally groaned. “Oh yes. You will,” he whispered. Then blissful darkness crashed around me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-two

ASHLEY

“Ugh,” I grumbled. “Can the voices in my head just shut the fuck up?” Across from me, Alyssa smirked. “What?” I muttered.
“I can’t imagine having voices in my head,” she said.
“It’s like having multiple radio stations on at the same time, and it’s nonstop.” She winced. “Yeah, tell me about it,” I grumbled. “And Jane is—”
“Get out of my head,” Jane said cheerfully. She danced to Alyssa’s side and tugged on her arm. “Come on, Evelyn is here,” she sang and gave me a raspberry. “And she wants to see you, too,” she sniffed.
“Jane,” Alyssa groaned. “How much candy did you eat this time?”
“Two, now come on, get. Up.”
“Liar,” she grumbled and got up.
“Ash!”
“Okay, okay, I’m up,” I said. I got up and nodded to her. “Lead the way, sugar monster.” Jane sprinted to the front door. Alyssa glanced at me and went after her. I sighed. Muttering, I followed them outside. At the end of the driveway, Evelyn turned to face us as we came to a stop by her.
“Such a hyper girl,” Evelyn said softly.
“I’m always hyper,” said Jane.
She smiled and patted her on the head. “I know.”
“So, why did you want to see us?”
“I came here to see Ashley.”
“Me?” I asked.
Evelyn nodded. “Come,” she said and held out her hand to me. I slowly put my hand in hers and shivered as the tingling feeling raced up my arm. “Alyssa, Jane, I’ll see you soon.” A split second before darkness closed around me, Jane grabbed for me. I blinked and looked down at her. She smiled and stepped back.
“So where are we?” she asked. Evelyn muttered something under her breath. “Huh?”
“Nothing sweetheart.”
She frowned, looking around her. “I remember this place.” She and I stiffened as we felt another presence behind us. No one said a thing or made a move for a long time. I slowly turned.
“Well,” said Kira. She cleared her throat and eyed Jane. “So, what are you two doing here?” she asked conversationally.
“I don’t know, and stop looking at me like that.”
Kira shook her head. “Uh, sorry,” she muttered.
“Oh, she is not.” Tristan stepped from the hall and made his way toward us. “She hasn’t fed yet,” he drawled. He put a hand on Kira’s shoulder. “I suggest you take Jane home, sister.” Evelyn huffed out a breath.
“But I want to stay,” said Jane.
“It’s best that you go home, sweetheart.”
“But I want to stay,” she whined.
“Your sister will be worried for you.”
“Fine.” Jane growled and stomped to Evelyn’s side and took her arm. Then they were gone.
“So,” I said. “I see that your trial went well.”
Kira snorted. “I killed my own sire.”
I winced. “Ow?”
She sniffed. “Yes, he didn’t even bother to block me from feeling his pain.”
“And?” I asked when she didn’t continue.
“Tristan sired me.”
I looked between the two of them. “Uh, what, come again. I’m not sure I heard that right.”
“You heard it right alright.”
“Can we carry this conversation to the kitchen?” Tristan muttered and nodded to me. I followed them into the kitchen and dropped into a chair. Kira sat across from me. “Catch.” In a blur, Kira’s hand shot up and caught the bag of blood out of the air. She looked at me and to the bag. “No,” Tristan growled. She sighed and ripped the bag open. I let out a breath and leaned back, enjoying the blissful silence in my head. Kira watched me as she slowly sipped at the blood. “Ashley, do you want anything?”
“You have A positive?” Kira choked and pulled the bag from her mouth. She swallowed hard and glared at me.
“I do,” Tristan said before she could say a word to me. “How would you like it?”
“Boiling hot.”
“Very well.” Kira smirked and went back to her bag of blood. I shivered again as Tristan came over and set a cold ass water bottle in front of me. “Enjoy,” he drawled. I twisted the top off and downed half of the bottle before it was out of my hand.
“I was thirsty,” I muttered.
“I can see that.”
“How about you take it slow with the water,” said Kira.
I sighed. “Okay, okay, I will.” She handed me back my water. I took one more gulp and set it down on the table. “So, why did Evelyn bring me here?”
“Because,” said Evelyn. Geez, I didn’t even hear her coming in. I mentally sighed and turned to look at her. “We’re going to teach you how to control your abilities.” Now that? Got me interested in a heartbeat.
“When?”
“Now.”

SAMANTHA

I swore over and over, wishing the feeling of being watched would just go the fuck away. Muttering, I melted into the shadows. Before I could go any farther, someone grabbed me and slammed me to the pavement. I hissed. “You didn’t think we would forget about you in the midst of everything that’s going on, did ya?” I groaned. It was the hunter. Of course it was. “Did you miss me?”
“Hardly,” I said. “Are you here to kill me?”
“Sorry, no.”
“Then what?”
“I found your sire.” I stiffened. “Mind you, she wasn’t easy to find.”
“Where is she?”
“Oh, I can’t tell you that.”
“I want to kill her.”
Brynna laughed. “Branson, you are already in enough trouble as it is. You don’t need another death on your poor conscience.”
“Then why are you here?”
“To keep you company, of course.” I glared up at her. She sighed. “Are you involved in this human killing spree?”
“Sorry to disappoint you, but no.”
She growled. “You’re lying.”
“I’m not.” Brynna snarled, and I found myself flying through the air. I hissed in pain as I slammed against something hard. Before I could gather myself, she was on me. I screamed at the burning sensation at my throat.
“Only the slightest scratch,” Brynna hissed. “I’ll ask again. Are you involved in the human killing spree?”
“I said no, you fucking asshole!” I screamed at her.
“Can you say that without your scent changing?” she hissed.
“I swear I’m not in it.”
“Oh, don’t even try that on me. It won’t work. Never has, never will. When I find Tecrayle and Byron…” She stopped and smirked. “Never mind, they’re here.” She removed the blade from my neck. I moaned. “Are you here to save her?”
“What has she done?” Byron asked.
“You tell me,” Brynna said softly. “If you don’t, both of you will be in more trouble than you already are.”
“Let her go.”
She touched the blade to my throat. I sucked in a sharp breath. “One. Good. Fucking. Reason. Or. I’m taking both of you in with her. I’ll let the Council handle it from there. What will it be, hmm?”
“She has nothing to do with it.”
Brynna sniffed. “Is that so?” Must… Not… Let… Her… In… My… Mind… “And you know this for a fact?”
Byron shook his head. “I don’t.”
I snarled silently. “Sairis,” I said through clenched teeth. The three vampires stiffened. I pushed the hunter off of me and grabbed the blade from her. In a blur, I plunged it in her stomach. She shrieked. Before the other two could grab me, I pulled it out and stabbed them both. They fell to the ground hard. “Sorry,” I said and stabbed Brynna for the second time, leaving the blade in place. “I can’t have you coming after me.”
She gave me a look that could kill. I shuddered. Then Delilah stepped from the shadows. “Oh. You. Fucking. Bitch,” she gasped.
“Did you think she would disobey me?” Delilah asked coolly. My sire laughed and turned to me. “We must leave before they can recover enough to look for us.” I nodded and followed her into the night, leaving the three vampires in pain and fuming.

BRYNNA

Rage, oh so much rage came over me. That bitch was so going to pay. For the moment, I couldn’t even lift a hand to pull the fucking blade out. I sucked in a shuddering breath and let it out in a scream. My vision blurred, and everything around me slowly turned red. Slowly, Byron made his way over to me. “I give you my word. I didn’t know anything about it,” he hissed.
“Just pull the fucking blade out!” I snarled. He gripped the blade. I hissed. He cursed and yanked the blade out. Once again, I screamed. The air around us rippled, and Tristan was standing over me, and oh yes, his energy hit me like a whip. Both Byron and Tecrayle who were on their feet staggered away from him. I saw a flash of crimson and silver as the blade flew through the air and into his hand.
“Not. Another. Step,” Tristan growled softly. I inwardly shuddered and then growled as he sifted around in my mind. “Interesting,” he hissed. Then darkness closed around us all. Once again, I found myself underground. Tristan bent and slashed his wrist open. My mouth opened on its own, and I swallowed a mouthful of his blood. I muttered under my breath as he licked it shut. “Enough.” Yes sir. He had Byron around the throat in a heartbeat. “You, on the other hand, I am not done with you yet.” I watched as he forced blood down both of their throats. “I’m speeding up your healing,” he growled. “And no, you can’t block me. Just be grateful that I’m not going to kill you… yet.” Ah, he was answering questions that were asked mentally. “Now.” He pulled me up and handed me back my blade. Next time, he growled in my head. Expect the unexpected. Yes sir, I silently grumbled.
“So uh… can I go after Delilah?” Kira jumped the last few steps and flashed over to us.
“Alone?” Tristan asked dryly.
“Will you let me if I say yes?”
He smirked. “No.”
“Why!” she whined.
“Because, Kira,” he said slowly and firmly. “She would rip you apart. In a heartbeat.”
“Is she over a thousand years old?”
“Yes.”
She snapped her wristband in a nervous gesture. “Can I at least come with you?”
He sighed. “Fine, but I expect you to do everything I tell you to do. Got it?” She nodded. “Good. Now go back to Ashley. You kept her waiting long enough.” Kira huffed and flashed up the stairs. Tristan crossed the underground room and grabbed a couple of blood bags from the refrigerator. I hissed in pain as I moved in a blur to catch one. I ripped the bag and downed it in matter of seconds. “So,” said Tristan. “What should I do with you two?” he asked, staring at Byron and Tecrayle thoughtfully. “I can kill you both or you can do something for me. What do you think, hunter? Should I kill them or spare them this once?” I stared at him incredulously. “Hmm?”
“Uh, um, don’t kill them,” I said quickly.
“What will it be?” he asked, nodding to the other two.
Tecrayle cleared his throat. “We’ll help you.”
“You will, will you?” Both he and Byron tensed up as Tristan walked up to them. “You know,” he said softly. “I find that hard to believe.”
“I give you my word,” said Byron.
“Is that so?” He nodded. “What about you, Tecrayle?” Tecrayle nodded. “Very well.” Then I hissed and stumbled away, my hands over my ears as both Byron and Tecrayle gave a bloodcurdling scream and dropped to the floor. “Your word means nothing. To me.” I let out a breath as the screams died off. “Your actions will. Leave, before I change my mind and kill you both instead.” They got up and flashed out of the room.
“Um—”
“Evelyn has them.”
I nodded. “Do you want me to keep an eye on them?”
“No, I’ll have Raina do that.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“You,” he growled. “Are coming with me.” I nodded. “First, get that blood off of you.”
Back above ground, I made my way into the kitchen. Kira and Ashley both looked up as I entered. “Um, the bathroom is that way,” said Ashley, pointing in the direction of the hall.
I grimaced. “I know,” I muttered.
“Need more blood?” Kira asked.
“Is it that obvious?”
“Mmhmm,” she said, walking to the fridge and opening it. Pulling out another bag of blood, she tossed it to me. I plucked it from the air, and then ripped into it. Once the bag was emptied, I looked down at myself and grimaced at the dried blood. Kira took the bag from me and gave me a little push. “Go away.” I was about to do just that when the tension in the air suddenly shifted.
“Um,” Ashley said nervously. “I’ll uh…” Without another word, she got up and ran from the kitchen. I slowly turned to Kira. I followed her gaze and found Audrianna. Both of them stood there, frozen to the spot as they just stared at each other.
“I don’t know if I should hug you in a warm welcome to the family or kick your ass,” said Audrianna.
Kira gulped. “Both?”
“As much as I love to see how this will play out,” a deep voice growled from the shadows. Both Kira and Audrianna jumped and looked around. “Kira and I have somewhere to be.”
“And me,” I said.
“And you.”
“Tristan,” Audrianna spluttered.
“Audri?” He moved into the light and looked between the two of them. “For now, you girls can kiss and make up, and call it even.” In a blur, Audrianna was directly in front of Kira. Instead of hugging her like I expected, she punched her, hard. I winced. Kira sucked in a sharp breath and doubled over, clutching at her stomach and gasping for air. “I didn’t mean it quite like that,” Tristan growled softly, and the air grew charged.
“I’m sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
“Clearly, that’s obvious.”
“It’s okay,” Kira wheezed. “I deserved it.”
Tristan sighed. “That’s enough.” He moved to Audrianna and turned her to face him. “Why have you come here?”
“I found a human body.” I quickly grabbed Kira and flashed from the kitchen. Audrianna squealed. “Isabelle and her sister are out there,” she gasped. “Keeping other humans from stumbling across it.”
“Where’s Ashley?” Kira whispered to me. “And,” she squeaked, “we should get out of here.” I sent the door crashing open and flashed outside with her. “Ashley?” I sniffed and stiffened. I only caught the lingering scent of the human, but it was clear that she was nowhere nearby. Oh, this was so not good. “I don’t like this,” Kira muttered under her breath. “I don’t like this at all. My premonition is kicking in.” Oh great, that made the situation even a whole lot better. Just. Fucking. Wonderful.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-three

ASHLEY

I couldn’t see shit but darkness. Oh yeah right, that’s because I was fucking blindfolded. I silently cursed the two vampires with me. Why couldn’t I go for a normal fucking stroll just this fucking once? “Are you under anyone’s protection?” a cool female voice asked me. I seethed. “Tell me, human. Are you?”
“I have a name, asshole,” I growled.
“Forgive me if I didn’t catch it the first time. Do tell me your name again.”
“My name is Kiss My Ass. How’s that for a name? Now where the fuck are you taking me?”
“Language, language,” she said, laughing. “Hasn’t anyone taught you your manners?”
“Has anyone taught you yours?” I shot back at her. That earned me a slap in the face. I inwardly winced. “Guess that’s a no.”
“You dare talk to me in that manner? Do you know who I am?”
“I can take a guess. It’s not hard you know. There’s a ninety-nine percent chance I would get it right.”
“Are you under anyone’s protection?” she growled.
“You know what? Why don’t you find that out for yourself? I’m wide open. Dig around, you’ll find it in no time.”
“You stupid human, I wouldn’t be asking if I could just pull it from your mind,” she snarled. She couldn’t read my mind? Fucking bonus point for me then. I hid the excitement and sighed.
“Well, that’s too bad for you then.” I gasped as I was pushed forward. She kicked me, and stars danced before my eyes as my head impacted with something hard. I held back a groan of pain until I heard a door close and lock. Then I let out a pained snarl. Reaching up, I yanked the blindfold away. Of course, it was dark. I clutched my head and breathed slowly in and out. It was either that or throw up. Groaning, I crawled over to the door and tried the lock. Yep, got nowhere. Argh, this is so fucked up in so many ways. Why, oh why did it have to be me? “Well,” I said to empty air. “This is going to be brilliant.” The door opened, and Samantha walked in. “Don’t you agree?” I asked her.
“Sorry,” Samantha said in a whisper.
I snorted. “For?”
“I have to do what she says.”
“If you don’t, she will kill you right?”
She frowned at me. “She’s right, though. I can’t hear your thoughts.”
“Really? I thought she was just shitting around.”
“Nope, she wasn’t.”
“You know—”
“Why can I not read you?” she asked, cutting me off.
I shrugged. “No idea.”
“Are you just saying that, or you really have no idea?”
I sighed. “I think someone’s blocking my mind.” She nodded. “And don’t ask me who’s doing it, because I don’t know.” She backed from the room and let the door shut. “You know!” I yelled after her. “You’re dead now!” I got no answer in response. She was either ignoring me or that small ass room was soundproof. Ashley. I almost, almost let out a scream. Tristan? I mentally answered. Where are you? I have no idea. I heard a growl in my head and shuddered. Tell me you’re not with Delilah. I, uh, I am. Was there another vampire with her? Yeah, Samantha. I thought as much. Before I could send another thought at Tristan, the door again opened. That time, it was Delilah who entered. “So,” I said, a little too cheerfully. “I was right. You must be Delilah. To be honest—” I sucked in another breath as she punched me in the mouth, and I tasted blood.
“When I want to hear you speak, human. I’ll ask the questions, not you.” Questions? I wasn’t asking any questions you stupid fuck. Of course I didn’t say that out loud.
“Tell me this then. Why did you kidnap me?”
“You’re useful to me,” she growled. I am? Well, news to me. Tristan, I hissed. Can you teleport here? “That is why you’re not dead yet, human.”
I sighed. “I said this before, and I’ll say it again. I. Have. A. Fucking. Name. Got it, vampire?”
She hissed and shoved my head into the wall. Blinding pain and dizziness hit me. “Loud. And clear, Ashley,” she snarled. Then blissful darkness came over me.

KIRA

I stood very, very still in the darkened living room. I didn’t dare make a sound or twitch. “She is out,” Tristan snarled. The air stirred, and Elijah appeared at the doorway. Tristan turned to him.
“I sent all watchers, spies, protectors, and hunters to the streets,” said Elijah. He narrowed his eyes on Brynna. “I’m guessing this hunter is with you.”
“She is,” Tristan growled.
“Any luck with Ashley?”
“She’s down for the count.” He smirked. “I have to say, she has a smart mouth. Not too many humans are brave enough to talk back, so to speak.”
“Wait,” I said. “She’s fine?”
“For now, she’s only got a bruise and a punch to the mouth.”
I winced. “Ouch.”
“Mmm.” He walked over to Audrianna. She stiffened and looked down. “Look at me,” he said softly. She swallowed and slowly looked back up. “I want you to go back to the scene.” She nodded. “Make sure Isabelle and Tory have everything under control. Then report back to me.”
“I’ll do just that,” she said. “You want me to keep an eye out for the killer?”
“Yes.” She nodded and disappeared out the door. “Kira, Brynna, come.” I grumbled and went over to him. “Changed your mind?”
“No, no,” I said quickly. He rested a hand on my head. Then everything went dark. A blink of an eye later, I was surrounded by woods. “Uh,” I whimpered. I winced as he tapped me on the head hard. “What?”
“Silence.” I nodded. “Hunter, stay with her.”
“Where are you going?” I whispered. His eyes flashed. Then he was gone. I grumbled. “Do you know?” I asked.
“Probably scouting the area,” said Brynna.
I shifted nervously. “Oh, I see…”
“You don’t want to know.” I moved further into the woods.
“Don’t go far.” Stiffening, I turned and came face to face with another vampire and a stake at my heart. I hissed and jerked back. She smirked, her crimson eyes fixed on me. “You look mighty hungry, Kira.” She flashed her fangs at me. The stake disappeared into her clothes, and I breathed a sigh of relief. She laughed and extended her hand to me. I took it cautiously. “I’m Zaiah.” Her hand briefly tightened and let go. “Welcome to the family.”
“Uh…”
She chuckled. “You’re probably wondering who my sire is.” I shrugged. “Bryn, you didn’t bother to tell her about us, shame on you.”
Brynna snorted. “There was no point telling her back then.”
Zaiah nodded. “True.”
“So,” I said. “Are you a hunter, too?”
She nodded. “I’m also a tracker.”
Brynna sniffed. “She’s a better tracker than me, too.” She sighed. “It’s so unfair,” she grumbled.
“Um, isn’t hunter and tracker the same thing?” I asked. They both shrugged. I laughed softly. “Okay then.” I turned as I felt someone watching me. Tristan made no sound as he came to stand in front of me. He looked back and forth between us, and then focused on Zaiah.
“What a surprise,” he drawled.
“It’s nice to see you, too, Tristan,” said Zaiah. He grunted. “My sire called for me so… here I am.”
He smirked. “Is that so?” She shrugged. “So, what do you have?”
“This.” She pulled out something and handed it to him. It was… a piece of fabric? Uh, what? Tristan took the little scrap of whatever it was and studied it intently. “Tory gave it to me. She thought you might want to take a look.”
“This came from…”
“She thinks it belongs to the killer.” He sniffed and inhaled the fabric and held it for what felt like an eternity. He slowly let his breath out and nodded. “What did you get?”
“It is the killer.” He handed it back to her. “He hangs around vampires.”
“He’s human?” Brynna asked.
“Yes.”
“And a mindless one.” Elijah dropped from the sky and took the fabric from Zaiah and did the same sniffing and inhaling thing. He grunted and gave it back to her. “He’s under a vampire’s mind control.”
“No shit,” said Brynna. “How did you find out?” He stared at her. She shifted nervously. “Uh, never mind,” she mumbled. I coughed to break the awkwardness. Elijah turned to look at me.
“Now what?” I asked.
“We find the human,” Zaiah answered, glancing at Elijah. “Unless…”
“I only followed him to a certain point,” said Elijah.
“Awww,” I groaned. “You didn’t nab him?”
He leaned in and whispered, “Wait. Watch. Listen.”
I swallowed and nodded. He straightened and launched himself into the sky. “He went to grab him right?” I blurted. Tristan gave me a very, very annoyed look.
“Kira,” said Zaiah. “You can’t always nab and grab. It’s like this. First, you investigate—”
“Detective work,” I grumbled, interrupting her. “But, the end result is always death?”
“Er…” I hugged myself tightly under Tristan’s penetrating gaze. It was either that or run. “Not… always.” she finished. Long, long silence fell around us. The gaze on me never went away, and I didn’t dare look up. The eerie feeling grew more intense, and it took all of my effort not to make a run for it. “I thought Kira was hungry,” Zaiah whispered.
“Shut. Up,” Brynna hissed under her breath. The air shifted, and I heard a startled gasp. I spun around and froze. Tristan had Jade in a death grip.
“Tristan,” she choked out.
“You know,” he said in a barely audible whisper. “Sneaking up on me wasn’t, a great, idea.”
“Sorry,” she gasped. Suddenly, I found myself moving. Hardly believing it myself, I shoved Tristan off of her. Surprise flashed across his face, then amusement, then I found myself pressed against the uneven ground. “Kira,” Jade squeaked in shocked and bewilderment.
“Something is wrong with this girl,” Brynna said in horror. Then reality crashed into me. The cool grip on my wrists tightened painfully. I whimpered as I was flipped onto my back.
“You,” Tristan said slowly. “Would protect Jade. From me?” His hunger barely contained, he tore his gaze from me and scanned the darkness.
“I-I wasn’t thinking,” I stammered. Then I squeezed my eyes shut and tried not to scream as pain exploded in my head. “S-sorry,” I whimpered. For? His airy mental voice so wasn’t calming in the slightest. I groaned in relief as a warm sensation washed through me, the pain completely gone. I opened my eyes as he let go of my wrists, and he was looking anywhere but at me. And, he was snarling. Both hands on the ground, he went taut.
“Uh,” Zaiah squeaked. “I, uh, um, uh, better get…” She didn’t finish and slowly, ever so slowly backed away. I didn’t dare to breathe for a second. Without moving my head, I looked at Brynna. She was pressed into one of the trees and desperately hoping that it would swallow her up. Her eyes met mine, and it was the look of, you, are, out, of, your, ever, living, fucking mind. It felt like eternity when Taylor and Evelyn slowly approached us with Zaiah following far behind them. Evelyn reached out and rested a hand on the back of his neck as her other hand went to his jaw. Taylor put her hand on his chest and pushed, hard. Someone else quickly pulled me from under him. I still didn’t make a sound. The air stirred and Tristan, Taylor, and Evelyn disappeared into thin air.
“That,” Elijah whispered. He came into my view and narrowed his eyes on me. “Was truly very stupid, very brave of you. Don’t ever, do that, again. Unless, you know exactly what you are in for, and what you are doing. Never, interrupt a member of the Council’s feedings, especially to protect someone. Death is a certainty. We know our limits and what to do if we are out of control. You, don’t. So therefore, you remain silent, very still, not drawing attention to yourself, and wait. That also means, you keep your emotions in check.” I couldn’t make myself do anything even if I wanted to. There I go again, causing trouble again. “Do you understand me, Kira?” I so wanted to bolt right then and there. I gasped, taking in air like it was the last on earth. Elijah waited patiently as I slowly got my breathing back to normal… kind of.
“I-I understand,” I finally stammered.
He let out an exasperated sigh and nodded. “You really truly are out of your mind,” he muttered. He held out a hand to me and I took it. I was on my feet before I even knew it. Jade, Zaiah, and Brynna just stared at me. Elijah led me to them and hissed, breaking their attention on me.
“She has a strong protective streak in her,” said Zaiah.
“She does,” said Elijah. “That protectiveness can sometimes do you more harm than good.” He patted me on the head. “Remember that,” he said and stepped away from us. “Come, we must not linger any longer.” Zaiah and Brynna both gave me a look that said we are so going to talk later. I nodded. Then I launched myself into the sky.

JADE

Kira Conoleki was something, if not stupid. I bit my lower lip in thought. She was protecting me, me of all people. Wow, a few-months-old vampire protecting me from a five-thousand-year-old or so vampire. I just couldn’t wrap my head around it. “She is insane,” Brynna hissed in my ear as the city thousands of feet below us flashed by. I smirked. That, she was. “I expected him to tear her head off,” she continued. “Not just her either.”
I shuddered. “I just can’t believe he was able to control himself,” I whispered.
She grimaced. “I want to know how he did it.”
I grunted. “I’m not asking him, you are.” Kira glanced back at us. I smiled at her. She huffed in annoyance and turned to Zaiah. Brynna laughed softly and flipped her off. Kira shot us both the fuck you finger and smirked.
“I so can’t wait for the talk,” she said over the roaring of the wind.
Zaiah snorted. “Who says anything about a talk?”
“You.”
“Nope, wasn’t me.”
She laughed. “You didn’t have to. The look on your face said it all.”
“Hell, I don’t even know what you are talking about, Conoleki.”
“Right,” she drawled. “Sure you don’t.”
“You girls talk too much,” Elijah muttered.
“We so do not,” Kira, Zaiah, Brynna, and I said at the same time. He snorted, and I heard what sounded like “girls” from him.
Kira laughed. “Sorry, we do like to talk. It’s our nature.” Nature my ass, I muttered to myself. “And.” She looked at Elijah. “Where are we going?” Elijah glanced at her but didn’t answer. I gasped as the cold touch of shadows washed over us, engulfing us all but the manipulator in complete darkness. Flying through the air while blind was not a comforting flight. Elijah was either going to kill us or feed us. I gasped as the shadows pulled us down, down, and down.
“Hunt,” said Elijah. Then the darkness lifted. “Brynna, stay with Kira.”
“Yes, sire,” Brynna grumbled.
“Hey, I’m not that bad,” said Kira.
Brynna ignored her and pointed out a direction. “You first.” Kira sighed and walked into the night, the hunter right behind her. I glanced at Zaiah and smirked and then moved in lightning speed to my intended target.
In a quiet neighborhood, no one was ever out at two in the morning. But, if you were lucky, you might find a few humans up and walking about, clueless to the danger around them. I kept to the shadows and watched my prey jog down a sidewalk. I could hear some kind of soulful song coming from her iPod. I grazed my tongue against one of my fangs and stepped in front of her. She sucked in a sharp breath and abruptly stopped, pulling the earbuds from her ears. “Oh, hey there, I didn’t see you,” she said. “Can I help you with something?” she asked, looking around her.
“Actually,” I said softly. “You can.” Not in the mood to silence her with my mind, I moved in on her, my hand clamped over her mouth. She struggled and dug her fingernails into my arms. I pushed, and she fell backward to the pavement. Her muffled cries were music to my ears. I settled my weight on her and pinned her. “Not a sound,” I hissed in her ear. I growled as she struggled even more. I met her wide fearful eyes. “You fell and hit your head,” I snarled and slammed her head against the pavement, not hard enough to kill her, but just enough to knock her unconscious. I growled at the scent of blood and quick as a flash, buried my fangs deep in her neck. I groaned and pulled the sweet, clean-for-once blood down my throat. After a minute, I reluctantly pulled back and licked the wound shut and got up. I breathed deeply in and out and turned. “Were you following me?” I grumbled.
“No, I was following the scent.” Zaiah stepped from the shadows and over to me. She looked at the unconscious human for a minute and nodded. “Didn’t feel like sharing?”
I snorted. “That’s why I left without you.” I licked the blood off of my lips and started walking. She followed as I led her back to where we started. Kira and Brynna were the first back, and Kira was pouting and grumbling.
“She wanted a second,” said Brynna, an answer to my questioning look.
“Why didn’t you get her a second then?”
“Because,” she said, annoyed. “She won’t get a second until she has her feeding under control, until she can feed without someone else with her.” Kira huffed just as Elijah joined us. He looked at her.
“Enough,” he growled. Huh? Enough what? Kira groaned and reluctantly nodded. “Brynna is right. You will not get a second until you can stop feeding on your own.” She let out a heavy sigh, and nodded in defeat. Elijah stared at her a minute longer and then everything went dark.
I sighed. Don’t they ever give us a warning before teleporting? I grumbled silently to myself. Then I gagged as the sharp odor of death hit me. Kira was dry heaving while Elijah was trying not to laugh. “Forget about blood,” she groaned and dry heaved some more. She put her hand over her nose and mouth and glared daggers at Elijah.
“Fucking hell, I smell like death.” Tory made her way to Elijah. “No police were involved,” she said to him.
He nodded. “Stay here,” he said to us and followed Tory to the far side of the field.
“How can you guys stand this?” Kira asked, disgusted.
“You get used to it,” said Zaiah. “After thousands of years of living, nothing much surprises you anymore.”
“Enlighten me,” she muttered and backed away from us.
“Need a breather?” Isabelle asked. She flashed to Kira and gestured for her to follow.
“You guys stay here,” I said to Zaiah. “I’ll go.” She and Brynna both nodded, and I was off.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-four

TRISTAN

I strained against my restraints with no luck. I hissed in pain and shot my sister a glare. “Want another one?” Evelyn asked sweetly. I snarled at her, hoping the light bulb above her head would fall on her already. “How did you manage not to kill her?” she asked for the billionth time. I cursed. She laughed. “I hope I don’t end up in chains anytime soon.” She straightened and went to the door. “I’ll be back with another bag of blood.” I again snarled and gave up on the chains. I stared at the ceiling, seething.  “I’m not letting you go until your lust for killing runs its course.” I growled as she came into the room, two blood bags in each hand. She set three of the bags on a table and came over to me. Careful not to touch the chain with her bare hand, she put the cold bag to my fangs and pushed upward. “You try to compel me, I’ll knock your ass out before you can blink,” she said as I quickly drained it. She tugged the empty bag from me and tossed it across the room. Snatching a second bag from the air, she repeated the process. “Any better?” she asked. What do you think? I silently snarled at her. Of course, she heard it. She sighed. “I’ll get you a human soon.” How about like… now? “No.” I gave her an exasperated look. I can’t fucking do shit while fucking chained up to this fucking steel of a fucking table! I snarled at her. She stared at me in surprise. “Did you just drop an s-bomb and four f-bombs in a single sentence?” I let out an animalistic growl as she removed the fourth bag.
“Oh, would you just… fuck off!” The chained rattled loudly as I tried to break it. I cursed up a storm as she laughed and grabbed the four empty bags and left the room. A few more seconds of struggling, I finally gave up. “Evelyn!” I called. “Let! Me! Out!”
“Never!” she yelled. I smelled her, before I knew who it was, the sweet, sweet scent of a special human. My surroundings swam in and out of focus as I desperately tried to control what was left of my sanity. Upstairs, Evelyn swore, over, and over, and over. Luckily the chains held as I thrashed, trying my damnedest to get free. The pounding heart of the human abruptly went away, but the lingering scent didn’t. Evelyn was in the room a second later. “It was Alyssa,” she said and sent a mental punch at me. It didn’t knock me out like she’d hoped it would, but it stunned me into stillness. The room was still swimming in and out of focus. She dropped a mental wall around me, preventing me from moving even an inch. “Tristan!” she shrieked as my world went black again. Blinding pain exploded in my head as the world righted itself. “Focus on me,” she said gently. “Stay with me.” She cursed as I mentally convulsed. “Damn, Kira should have never come between you and Jade.” She flashed to the door and wrenched it opened. I convulsed again as Tate came into the room. “Sorry to pull you away from whatever you were doing,” she said to him.
Tate cleared his throat. “Don’t be.” Ugh, he smelled like death. “I’m just glad to be away from that scene.”
“I bet. Come over here and feed your sire before he goes into murder land completely.”
Tate shuddered and came over to me. I gave him a disgusted look. The scent of death clinging to him was barely enough to keep me sane, but it wasn’t enough to stop me from ripping his throat open. The moment Evelyn released me from her body lock, I strained against the chains. “Tristan,” he said sharply. I barely heard him over the rush in my ears. He pressed his wrist to my mouth. “Drink.” I let out a snarl and bit, hard. He let out several curses, and only Evelyn’s hand on his arm prevented him from jerking away. I hissed and tore his wrist opened even more, more blood flowed into my mouth and down my throat. As I continued to drink, Tate’s red eyes slowly turned black. Evelyn jerked his wrist away and quickly closed it. Before he could do anything, she had him under her gaze. His expression went blank.
“Go feed,” she said. “Do not kill anyone.” Tate nodded and was out the room in a flash. She turned to me. “Please tell me that helped.”
I sighed and nodded. “Only a little,” I growled.
She nodded. “I’ll be back.” She gave me a hard look. “With a human. So don’t go off the rails again when I return.” Then she was gone. I sighed and glared at the chains. The burning on my neck and arms was starting to turn into more of an annoyance rather than pain. I didn’t have to wait long. I gritted my teeth the moment I caught the scent of the human. Evelyn appeared with the human outside the door and strode in. “You think you’ll be fine after this one?” she asked.
I grunted. “Take these chains off me.” I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly when she didn’t make a move to remove them. “I give you my word,” I said through gritted teeth. “That I won’t kill anyone.” She stared at me a minute longer and nodded. She moved the human to the door. Going over to the wall, she reached under the table and pulled. I grimaced as it shook violently under me. Then the chains were off of me in a blink. They clanged awfully loud as they dropped back into a box. She slammed it shut and straightened. Rubbing my neck and wincing, I slowly sat up.
“Sorry,” she said. “I know it hurts like a son of a bitch.”
I grunted and got off of the table. “Just be glad that you haven’t experienced being chained up yet.” She shuddered and nodded. I chuckled. “Believe me, you’ll be too busy shrieking your head off.”
“Yes,” she said sweetly. “And I’ll bring you down with me.” She smirked and walked back to the human. One of my fingers twitched as I followed her. “Be a good brother and try not to kill him, hmm?” she said and stepped away.
In a blur, I had the human pressed up against the wall. “I’ll be a good brother and leave a nice gash,” I said and ripped the human’s throat open. She was behind me in a heartbeat. I snarled and quickly swallowed mouthfuls of blood. The human went limp, and I reluctantly pulled back, quickly licking the wound shut. Then I ripped into my own wrist and forced the blood down his throat. Evelyn let out a huge sigh of relief. She pulled him from me and disappeared into thin air. Muttering, I licked my wrist closed and walked out of the room.
So much for almost killing him, I muttered to myself as I made my way above ground, and truly glad that there were no humans around. “You look better.” Ari came out the living room and followed me outside. I glared at the bright ass sky, silently cursing it. Ari put a hand on my arm, forcing me to a stop. I stiffened as I sensed unease within her. I slowly turned and grabbed her wrist, preventing her from backing away. She stared into my eyes for the longest time. She swallowed. Instead of zeroing in on her thoughts, I sighed.
“Ari,” I said softly. “Speak your mind.” That only made her more uneasy. A long minute of silence hung between us. “Ari?”
“Uh…”
“Tell me.”
She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I worry for you.” Huh? She what? “I know, I know, you didn’t expect to hear that, but I worry for you. First, Kira stabbed you, and then you almost killed someone a few minutes ago and…” I just… stared at her, speechless. She shifted uneasily. “You thought I was going to tell you something else?” I did actually. “You’re speechless,” she spluttered and pulled away from me. She laughed. “Oh, this is priceless. Mission accomplished.” She continued to laugh as I stared. “And here I thought you were going to rip my head off.” I shook my head and cursed. That only made her laugh even more. She took another deep breath to calm herself and nodded in self-satisfaction, and went back to serious mode. “I really do worry for you, though.”
I nodded. “That’s… nice to hear. But I’ll be fine.”
She sighed. “I know, but still.” She huffed. “You realize how scary you are when you lose it? Or are close to losing it?”
“I am very aware of it, yes.”
She shuddered. “You’re scary enough when you’re completely sane.”
I smirked. “I’ll do my best not to scare you.”
“You’ve already failed on that several times.”
“Hmm.”
She backed up another step and put up a finger. “I don’t want to know what you’re thinking of.”
I chuckled. “Very well.” I glared at the sky again and turned and walked down the walkway. “How’s everything at the crime scene?” I asked without turning around.
“Everything’s fine. They’re just wrapping up.” I nodded. “I do have something to tell you, though.”
“And what would that be?” I asked, launching myself into the sky.
“Only if you promise not to rip my head off.” I whirled around in midair and snatched her. She squeaked and pushed weakly at my chest. I forced her to look at me. “Okay, okay,” she gasped. “Alyssa didn’t come here for a social call.”
“Continue,” I growled softly.
“She came to report an incident.”
“What incident?”
“She said Jane told her that she saw a vampire grabbing another vampire from the streets.” She screamed as I let go of her. She fell about ten feet before steadying herself and coming back up.
“Jane?” I snarled at her. She nodded. Before she could say anything else, I teleported myself to Los Angeles.
I dropped from the sky, silently landing on the doorstep of 12681. I quickly scanned the streets for any humans. Then I rang the doorbell and waited. The door opened, and Theresa Kegorah stood in the doorway. “Hi there, can I help you?” she asked sweetly. I stared deeply into her bright blue eyes. She took a step back and swallowed, once, twice. I stuck my foot in the doorway just as she closed it. I put a hand on the door and easily opened it. She gave a startled cry as I came in. “What do you want?” I took a hold of her wrist, forcing her to look at me. She gulped as she met my eyes.
“You must be Theresa,” I said softly.
“I-I am.”
“Are any of your children home?”
“Y-yes, only Brianna.”
I let go of her wrist, and she quickly backed away from me. “May I see her?”
“No,” she said sharply.
“Theresa—”
“I said no.”
I sighed, and let the compulsion roll her. “May I see your lovely daughter?” I whispered.
“Of course, this way,” she said in a monotone. I followed her down a hallway and stopped in front of a door. She knocked softly. “Sweetie?” she called. “Someone is here to see you.”
“Who is it?” Brianna asked as she slowly opened the door. She gave a surprised gasp. “Tristan,” she hissed. She looked between the two of us standing in the hall and her eyes widened in fear. “Did you hurt her?” she asked, her breathing becoming more quick and hard. “Please tell me you didn’t hurt her.”
“I did not hurt her,” I said slowly.
She hugged herself and let out a sigh of relief. “Let her go, please?”
I put my hands on Theresa’s shoulders and turned her to face me. “Everything here is fine,” I said to her. “You didn’t open the door for anyone. You will go back to whatever you were doing. Nothing happened.”
“Nothing happened,” she said. I released her and stepped back. Theresa blinked and turned to her daughter. “Oh,” she said in surprise. “Sorry, what was I doing?” she asked her. “I kind of spaced out for a minute.
Brianna laughed. “You were checking up on me, remember?”
“Ah, that’s right. You look safe and sound, so I’ll leave you alone now.” She bent and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and left.
Brianna shuddered and blew out a breath. She peered into the shadows where I was silently waiting. “What are you doing here?” she whispered. I moved in front of her and held the door open as she wheeled herself back into the room. “Um, you can come in.” I smirked and stepped into her room, closing the door behind me. “I suppose you didn’t come here just to see me?” she asked nervously.
I leaned against the closed door. “I came here to see your little energetic sweetheart of a sister.”
She gulped. “Is she in trouble?”
“I don’t know, Bri. You tell me.” I closed in on her. The fear pouring off of her intensified. She put up her hands. I took it and leaned in, the sound of her heart beating drummed in my ears. “Tell me, where Jane, is,” I whispered in her ear.
“She’s at the beach with Alyssa,” she whimpered.
I let go of her and straightened. “Isn’t it a little cold out to be at the beach?” I asked.
“If they’re not there, they’re probably at an indoor pool.”
“Which one?” I growled.
“The one on Cherington Avenue.” I nodded and moved to the door. “Wait, I want to come with you.” I turned to look at her, my hand on the doorknob. “Please?” she pleaded.
“You do realize… I can snap at any time and rip your pretty little neck open?” She gulped and nodded. “And you still want to come with me?” I asked after a minute of silence.
She nodded. “I know what I’m in for,” she said, shuddering.
I was in front of her in a flash. I put a hand over her mouth before a scream could escape. “Do you?” I snarled. “Do you really know what is like to be around me?”
“No,” she gasped, her voice muffled. “I still want to go.”
Before my self-control snapped, I stared into those pretty blue eyes. She went limp and stopped gasping as the blissful calmness of compulsion washed over her. I removed my hand from her mouth. Unbuckling her out of her chair, I pulled her up and settled her on her bed. I pulled the wheelchair to her bedside and moved to the door. I opened it and turned to look at her. Touching her mind, I willed her into a deep sleep. When you wake up, everything will be just fine. I whispered in her mind. I softly closed the door and walked into the living room. Theresa didn’t look up from her book as I stopped in front of her. I reached out and tilted her head up to look at me. She was under in a split second. “You will do best if you keep a tighter hold on your children,” I said softly. “This world is full of danger and the unknown. Keep them close. Or lose them forever.” I didn’t release her until I was back outside. I snarled and launched myself upward.
Once on Cherington Avenue, the indoor pool wasn’t hard to find. I entered the building undetected and went straight to the pool area. Bracing myself, I opened the door. Heat and the smell of chlorine blasted me. I hissed and stepped into an area filled with lots and lots of humans, mostly children of all ages. I inwardly groaned and scanned the crowd, both on land and in water. I carefully made my way through the crowd and stopped at one of the pools on the far side. I inhaled and silently snarled. I bent down to one of the kids. “Hey there, sweetheart,” I said quietly. She smiled and stared up at me. “What’s your name?”
“Kendo,” she answered happily.
I smiled, hiding my fangs. “You want to do me a huge favor, kiddo?”
“Okay.”
I nodded to the pool. “You see the little girl in pink?” I pointed at Jane.
“Uh huh.”
“Her name is Jane; can you call her?” She nodded rapidly. “Tell her and her sister to swim over this way. Can you do that?”
She nodded and hopped onto the diving board. “Jane!” she called in that lilting voice of a child. Jane and Alyssa both looked up. “Swim this way!” They both looked at each other for a long time.
“Coming!” Jane called back, and the water rippled violently as they swam over to where I was. Kendo laughed and dived into the water. Jane and Alyssa both froze as they saw me.
“Having a nice swim?” I asked conversationally.
“Yep,” Jane said cheerfully. “Are you coming in?”
“No, I don’t think I’m allowed, sweetheart.”
She pouted. “How come you’re here then?”
“I’m here to talk to you.” Alyssa blinked and nodded. She knew exactly what I was getting at. She leaned closer to her sister and whispered in her ear.
“Oh,” Jane said in surprise. “That.”
“Let us get out of the water first. Then we’ll come with you,” said Alyssa.
I grunted and straightened. “I’ll wait for you girls outside,” I said. They nodded as I turned, making my way out of the pool area and back outside. I let out a hiss and inhaled the cool fresh air. I leaned against a pillar, and waited. Ten minutes later, Alyssa and Jane finally came out. “About time,” I said. Jane threw herself at me, and I so wished that she hadn’t. I caught her in an embrace. Alyssa gasped. I groaned.
“Sorry,” she said, her voice muffled. Jane lifted her head to look at me. I sniffed and focused on the scent of chlorine instead of the hot blood coursing through her. I stroked my fingers through her wet tangled hair and smirked. “I smell.”
“Mmhmm,” I said. Alyssa came over to us, and she was glaring at her sister.
“Do I smell like chlorine?” she asked.
“Yes, you do.” Alyssa came to my side. Swinging her backpack onto her back, she put a hand on her sister’s head. “Not here,” I said and straightened. Of course, Jane didn’t want to let go of me. Alyssa groaned and let her hand fall back to her side. I held my breath as I led her to a dark area, with Jane in my arms. I held out my hand to her. She took it. Then everything went dark as I teleported to San Diego.
I bent to let Jane down, but she just wouldn’t let go of my neck. “You have to let go of me, kiddo. I bite, remember?” I dropped to the floor of my living room and gently extracted Jane from me. “Go sit with your sister.”
“Come on, Jane,” said Alyssa. “I’ll give you an Airhead if you come over here and sit next to me.” She pulled out an apple flavored Airhead and waved it. “You want it?”
“Grape,” Jane said and pulled away from me. She flopped herself down and looked at Alyssa expectantly. She sighed and pulled out a whole pack of it, switching the apple for the grape. Jane snatched it from her. “Thanks.” I watched as she struggled with the wrapper, finally getting it open after a few tries.
“We all good?” I asked. They nodded. “Jane,” I said. “Tell me what you saw today.”
“I,” she said cheerfully, biting off a quarter of the sweet candy. “I saw a vampire dragging another vampire away.”
“How do you know they were vampires?”
“Their fangs,” she said.
“Fangs?”
“Yeah, they were fighting each other. They were moving really really fast.”
I silently growled. “Do you know who they are?”
“Nope.” Alyssa stiffened as I got up and came closer to them. “What are you doing?” she asked, biting off another piece of the candy.
I put a hand on her head. “I’m going to take a little peek in your head.” Jane stiffened. “It won’t hurt. I promise.”
“Promise?”
“Promise.” She sighed and nodded. I slowly and gently slipped into her mind. Wow, I thought to myself as I sifted through her memories. Jane practicing her wind ability, Jane eating cookies, Jane singing, Jane dancing, I quickly went through her memories and stopped on the part where she was standing on a sidewalk somewhere. The images shifted as she moved. She was right. They were vampires. One was a rogue; the other was a civilian. I got a good look of the two vampires. Then I pulled out of her head.
“Was I right?” Jane asked, shivering.
“You were right,” I said. I moved away from them and nodded to Alyssa. “I got everything. You want to go home or stay here?”
“Stay here,” Jane blurted automatically.
Alyssa sighed. “Yeah, we’ll stay.”
“Very well.” I gave her a hard look. “Make sure that she does not wander off. If you need anything, Evelyn is here, just call for her,” I said and flashed back outside for the gazillionth time.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-five

JADE

Zaiah groaned and fell to the ground, clutching weakly at the stake in her chest. I dropped from the tree and landed on one of the rogues. Punching my hand into his back, I severed the spinal cord. He let out a scream and dropped limply to the ground. “Keep this one alive,” I snarled at Tory and flew to Kira’s side.
“See to Zaiah,” she growled through her fangs. I nodded and without any protest, I flashed over to Zaiah.
“Get me out of here,” she gasped. She groaned and then gave a bloodcurdling scream as I picked her up and launch myself into the sky.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” I repeated over and over again as I sped to the nearest member of the council. I catapulted to the ground, and it wasn’t a surprise when I saw Evelyn waiting for me. “Who’s here?” I asked. Evelyn took Zaiah from me and turned. I followed her inside, and I swore as I caught the scent of multiple humans. Zaiah hissed, but she couldn’t do anything even if she wanted to. Jane and Alyssa sat frozen on the couch, their eyes locked on the stake. They were about to get up to follow, but a look from Evelyn stopped them. Before I could say anything, everything went dark. When it lifted, Evelyn, Zaiah, and I were standing in an underground room. Evelyn kicked the door to another room opened. I stood in the doorway, prepared to restrain her or to run out of there. Evelyn gently put Zaiah down on the table.
“Did you call your sire, Zaiah?” Evelyn asked. Zaiah groaned and shook her head slightly. “He does not know?”
She squeezed her eyes shut. “He does not know,” she gasped.
Evelyn rested a hand on her forehead. “Call him,” she said softly.
“He’s going to flip.”
“Zaiah, look at me.” She slowly opened her eyes and looked at her. “You’ve lost a lot of blood.” I shifted nervously as Evelyn turned her head to look at me. “How long has she been down?”
I did a quick mental calculation. “Twenty minutes or so,” I said. Evelyn winced. I chewed my lower lip. “It wasn’t an ambush,” I continued. “Once we saw them, we went for the kill.” She nodded. “And they all went for Zaiah.” She nodded and removed her hand from Zaiah.
“Zaiah,” she said softly. “Call your sire.”
“Can’t you remove the stake first?” Zaiah asked through gritted teeth.
“I can, but I prefer to have your sire here to give you blood.”
Zaiah blinked. “Won’t yours work?”
“Yes, but the bonding between sire and childe is more potent.” My eyes widened. Well, I learn something new every day. From the look on Zaiah’s face, it was news to her, too. Evelyn smirked. “And besides, his focus will be on you, and only you.”
Zaiah took in a pained breath and slowly nodded. “I’ll call him.” I moved into the room and dropped into a chair. Then I went very still as my skin crawled. I didn’t have to look to the door to see who was standing there.
“Brother,” said Evelyn. “How goes it?”
“You’re not helping, Evelyn,” Zaiah hissed. Evelyn moved to the stake and gripped it. Oh, boy, this, was going to hurt, bad.

ZAIAH

I sucked in a sharp breath. My vision blurred as the pain grew. My sire was at my side in a blink. I reached up and pushed weakly at the stake. In my peripheral vision, I could see Jade cringing and shifting uneasily in her seat. I sank my fangs into my lower lip as the energy swirled around me. Elijah snarled and Jade was at the door in a flash. Of course, the door wouldn’t open. She screeched and looked desperately at Evelyn. I watched through red haze as shadows wrapped around her. Jade screamed and struggled uselessly as she was pulled back into her chair. Gasping and whimpering, she hunched over and gave up. Then of course, the lights blew. Evelyn, who was standing on the other side of the room slowly made her way back to me. Elijah put a finger to my mouth, and I realized that I still had my fangs in my lower lip. I withdrew them, and snarled. His hands moved to my shoulders and held me firmly to the table. Evelyn put one hand on my chest, I let out a squeal. Before I could prepare myself, she pulled. I screamed, and darkness threatened to take me under as I struggled to stay conscious. Once the stake was out, my scream quieted into moans of pain. Growling under his breath, Elijah moved me into a sitting position. Only his arm at my back kept me up. “Drink.” I groaned and licked at his wrist at my mouth. Then I slowly sank my fangs in. Blood filled my mouth, and it took effort to swallow. The room was silent as I slowly and painfully fed from his wrist. Gradually, the pain went away, only to be replaced by raging hunger. I snarled as he pulled back. He laughed softly and moved away from me. The raging hunger I felt suddenly went away. Oh, I was still hungry, but it was a manageable one. I glared at my sire. “Sorry,” he growled. Not feeling like a weakling anymore, I got off of the table, and almost fell. Evelyn’s hand shot out and steadied me. Jade’s eyes went to Elijah, and she was out of her chair in a heartbeat. His eyes flashed, and he was on her. Another snarl ripped from him, and he struck. I hissed as she screamed. Evelyn’s hand on my arm tightened painfully as she went taut. After a long minute, Elijah withdrew his fangs and got off of Jade. She was at the door in a flash.
“Let me out,” she gasped. The door finally opened for her, and she disappeared up the stairs as if the building was going to explode around her at any second. On second thought, it probably was going to explode in any moment. Evelyn bared her fangs and let out a low growl. Then she let go of me. Taking in deep breaths, she picked up the stake and pointed it at Elijah. He slowly walked over and pulled it from her hand.
“Did you get a good sniff?” she growled.
“Tory has him alive,” I said before he could answer. They both looked at me. “He couldn’t go anywhere, not after Jade severed his spinal cord.”
Elijah held out his hand to me, and I went over to him. He drew me into an embrace, and I sighed. “Have at it,” he growled softly in my ear.
“Are you sure?” I asked.
“Don’t worry, Zaiah. I’ll throw him in chains,” said Evelyn. “He won’t hurt anyone.” Okay then. Without another second to spare, I bit into his neck. I drank deeply, and the more blood I took from him, the more eerie his presence became. It was like being held by an electric current. Only electric current doesn’t have that creepy tingling sensation to it. I shuddered and withdrew my fangs and licked at the wound. I let out a breath as he straightened, still holding on to me. I gasped as the energy in the room skyrocketed. A hand rested on my back.
“How is she?” Tristan asked tightly.
“She’s fine,” said Elijah. “Are you?”
“Mmhmm,” I answered. Tristan dropped his hand. I squirmed in Elijah’s arms, turning to face Tristan. “Have you ever been staked before?” I asked conversationally. He took the stake from Elijah and sniffed it.
“I have,” he said, dropping the stake onto the table.
“All the way?”
“Mmm.” I winced. He patted me on the head. “You should keep in touch more often, sweetheart. You’re missing out.”
“I definitely am,” I muttered. He smirked and turned as a party came into the room. Brynna, Tate, Ian, Audrianna, Kira, Tory, Isabelle, Avery, and Taylor crowded inside. Elijah’s arms tightened painfully around me, and a barely audible growl came from him.
“Okay,” said Brynna. “Zaiah looks a hundred percent fine to me. We can leave now.”
“I love you, too,” I said to her.
She snorted. “I have a rogue for you,” she sang. “I think Jade is having fun severing his spinal cord over and over again.” I could still see the gleam of the hunt in her eyes as she came to stand in front of me. “I wanted to do it, but she wouldn’t let me,” she sniffed. “So unfair, don’t you think?” I winced as she prodded my wound. “Still hurts?”
“Just sensitive,” I said.
“You need more blood?” I shook my head. She nodded. “Good, because I don’t have any to spare.” I gently pulled out of Elijah’s embrace, only to fall against Brynna as she jerked me into an embrace of her own. She punched Evelyn in the arm as she past us.
“You have a problem with me, hunter?” she asked sweetly.
“Yeah, get my sire in chains or he’ll kill us all.”
“Now that? I’ll gladly help you with.” Taylor and Avery went to Elijah, and all three dragged him, hissing and snarling from the room. I pulled away from Brynna and went over to a chair and sat. Tristan scowled at all of us. He smirked and picked the stake up again. It disappeared into his clothing.
“So,” said Brynna. She shifted uneasily as Tristan’s hungry gaze landed on her. “Altogether there were over twenty rogues.” She looked up at him, not meeting his eyes. “The NSC joined us and… some of the civilians…” Uh oh… Everybody in the room disappeared out the door, except for Kira. I stared at her. She shrugged. You really don’t want to be here. I whispered in her head. She shrugged again and went to stand by the door. She stiffened as the door closed, and it wouldn’t be opening anytime soon. Brynna flashed across the room, but she wasn’t fast enough. She let out a small scream as Tristan grabbed the front of her shirt and pulled her to him. In a blur too fast to track even for me, he had her pressed up against the wall, his hand around her throat. If there had been lights in that room, they would be sizzling and popping by now. Oh, and if she wasn’t Elijah’s childe, she would be dead in a heartbeat for getting civilians involved. So I wasn’t surprise as I found myself and Kira tossed to the floor and pinned. He growled, and Brynna choked for air as his hold on her tightened. After a long painful minute, he snarled and sent her crashing into the opposite wall with so much force that it knocked her unconscious. Kira and I remained silent, watching him intently. He dropped onto all fours and let out another snarl. Then his head turned to us and… his eyes were flashing white every second or so. What the fuck!? Kira’s shocked voice boomed in my head. Don’t. Make. A. Sound. I growled at her. Not. A. Single. Sound. I watched in terror as Tristan tried to get a hold of himself. Breathing hard, he prowled over to Brynna. He snarled, and I almost, almost made a sound as he leaned closer to her, his fangs inches from ripping her throat out. It wouldn’t kill her, but still. Fuck! Kira’s mental voice pounded painfully in me. What do we do? He’s going to kill her. Wait. I said to her. Wait? She squeaked. Zaiah, he’s going to kill her if we don’t stop him. I— the air stirred, and I mentally let out a huge sigh of relief as Avery grabbed Tristan and pulled him away. He let out an animalistic growl, but Avery was on him before he could do anything, a silver blade to his throat. He immediately stopped growling and went very, very still.
“Brynna,” Avery snarled. “You better have a good reason for this,” he growled. He focused his attention back to Tristan who was now hissing. “You know,” he said, turning his head to look at me and Kira. “What part of the rules don’t you guys understand?” I didn’t even dare answer him. “No. Civilians. Involved.” He sighed. “Please tell me this wasn’t planned.” Kira and I shook our heads.
“I… actually don’t know a thing about it,” I mumbled.
“They jumped in after Jade got you out of there,” Kira said under her breath. Tristan reached up and grabbed Avery’s knife hand and squeezed, slowly pulling it away from his neck.
“Are you here fully?” Avery asked him. “Or do you need to be locked up?”
Tristan snarled. “I,” he growled, “will be fine.” He shoved Avery off. Panting, he got up, and I felt the mental hold on me lift. I got up and went to the door, and prayed that it would open. Of course, it didn’t. “Going somewhere?” Tristan hissed from behind me. I swallowed a whimper and turned to him. At least his eyes weren’t flashing white anymore. He tilted his head back and sniffed the air. Kira cautiously made her way over to us. Then she froze and went taut. Avery was at her side in a blink. She groaned and fell against Tristan. His hand was over her mouth, muffling the scream that tore from her. I winced. Fuck, was she having another vision? Both Avery and Tristan hissed as they saw whatever she was seeing in her mind’s eye. Another long minute of screaming, Kira went limp in Tristan’s arms and passed out. I watched as Avery and Tristan stared at each other, a silent conversation passing between the two of them. I looked over to Brynna. She was sitting up and staring at all of us. Hmm, how long had she been awake? Not long, she whispered in my head. Avery took Kira from Tristan and disappeared into thin air. Tristan turned to Brynna, and she cringed, backing up to the wall behind her. “You have the ability to compel vampires, do you not?” he asked slowly and carefully. She took a deep breath and nodded.
“I do have the ability,” she said softly.
“And you did not use it, why is that so?”
“I… I was not thinking.”
“Obviously,” he whispered. He took a deep breath and let it out sharply. “Very well, hunter. You made a mistake, and you will pay for it.” Brynna curled into herself and nodded. “I will not be the one telling you what your payment will be. I will leave that up to your sire to decide.” Then he was gone.
She slumped and groaned. “I am so busted.”
“Honestly,” I sighed. “If I were you, I would be grateful that Tristan didn’t rip out my throat.”
She sucked in a sharp breath. “How close was he?”
I gave her a look. “Dude, his fangs were like an inch from your throat.” She shuddered violently. “He was able to hold off until Avery came and pulled him off you.”
She grunted. “I was wondering what he was doing here,” she muttered. She looked behind me to the door. “Can we leave?”
I turned and tried the doorknob. “Yep, looks like it,” I said as I pulled the door open. “Come on, let’s get out of here before Tristan fills our sire in on what happened.” I stepped from the room and ran up the multiple flights of stairs to the upper level parts of the house.
“You’re alive,” said Jane.
I smiled at her. “I am.” I walked over to her and knelt. “What are you doing here?”
“Nothing.”
“It’s very boring here.”
“She likes being around dangerous vampires,” Alyssa muttered under her breath.
“Yep,” Jane said cheerfully. “But, mom called so I guess we’ll half to leave.” I nodded and got up. “Who will…?”
“I will, sweetheart.” Avery came over and tickled her.
She squirmed and swatted his hand away. “Stop it,” she said, giggling.
“Come on, stand up. Unless you want to fall on your butt.” Alyssa got up, pulling her sister up with her. She took Avery’s outstretched hand, and then they were gone.
“She’s so cute and hyper,” said Brynna. “I never met anyone as hyper as she is.”
I chuckled. “Indeed, she’s one of a kind,” I agreed as we headed out into the night.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-six

KIRA

I groaned and rolled over. Shit, I hate this. Getting visions out of nowhere was so not cool. I kicked the blanket off and rolled into someone. I didn’t bother to sniff to check who it was. “Restless, are you?” I groaned again as Tristan’s voice penetrated my clusterfuck of a mind. I grumbled in response. I rolled away from him. “If you keep rolling around, you’ll fall off the bed there, sweetheart.” I grunted and rolled back into him. He put his arms around me, and I snuggled closer, putting my head on his chest.
“Where am I?” I mumbled.
“One of the guest rooms,” he answered.
“How long was I out?”
“An hour.”
My eyes snapped open. “Say what?”
“An hour nine minutes and twenty-three seconds to be exact.”
I tilted my head back to look at him. “You’re serious,” I said when he just stared at me. I sighed. “You filled Elijah in on what happened?” I asked.
His eyes flashed briefly. “I did.”
“He didn’t kill Brynna, did he?”
“He did not.” His eyes narrowed on me. “Speaking of.” Oh shit. I looked away from him and buried my face in the hollow of his neck. “Why didn’t you do it?”
“I wasn’t thinking either,” I muttered.
“Of course.” I held on tighter as he tried to get up. He chuckled, and a low growl sounded within his chest. He trailed a finger down my back, and I shuddered.
“Stop that,” I mumbled.
“You need to feed.” I groaned. Why, oh why did he have to say that?
“No I don’t. I’m sated,” I lied.
“Oh really?”
“Yep.”
“Hmm.” I squeaked as his hands tightened suddenly. I tried pulling away, but he wouldn’t let go. He got out of the bed with me plastered to him and dragged me from the room and into the kitchen. Audrianna, who was sitting at the table, pulled out a chair for me. “Sit,” he said firmly and let go of me.
I grumbled and drop into the chair. “Do I get to bite a human this time?” I asked.
“I thought you were sated?” he drawled.
I sniffed. “Oh, stop being an ass.” He laughed softly and dropped a blood bag in front of me. I sighed and picked it up. I glared at it.
“You don’t want it? I’ll have it,” said Audrianna.
Tristan sighed and came back to me. He took the bag from my hand. “Are you going to make this difficult?” he asked. Uh oh, what’s he going to do if I say yes? He growled. Damn it, damn him, and his mind reading. He held the bag out to me, but I didn’t take it.
“Uh, Kira?” said Audrianna. “You best take that and drink it.” I grumbled and took the blood bag from him. I ripped into it and slowly drank it. Tristan watched me intently until I emptied it. I dropped it onto the table as I grudgingly took the second bag from him. I ripped into this one more quickly. Audrianna got up from the table. She took both empty bags and crossed the kitchen. “That wasn’t so hard, was it?” she asked.
I grunted. “I want fresh blood,” I muttered.
“This is fresh blood.”
I huffed. “Oh, you know what I mean.” I pushed from the table and got up.
“Where are you off to?” Tristan asked. I looked down at myself and blinked. Well, someone cleaned me up while I was out. “Donnica.”
I looked up at him. “She was here?”
“Mmhmm.”
“Where did she go?”
“She’s out hunting. She’ll be back.”
“Awww, not fair.”
“I’ll take you out in a few,” he growled.
I perked at that announcement. “Really?” I looked at him when he didn’t answer. “Every time you don’t answer me. Does that mean I better run?” He smirked. I turned my head and looked at Audrianna.
“It usually means yes,” she said. “I think he’s more annoyed at the moment.”
“Sorry,” I grumbled.
He sighed. “I’m going to check on Elijah. I’ll be back, and don’t you run off. I assure you, you won’t like it if I have to find you.”
I nodded. “Not going anywhere. I’m staying put.” He gave me a long look, and then disappeared.

TRISTAN

I kicked the door opened and stalked inside. “Pissy mood?” Evelyn asked. I went over to the table and yanked at the chain. Elijah snarled, and I snarled right back. Ignoring the burning pain, I yanked again. It snapped open with a loud click. Evelyn took it from me and dropped it back into the box. I quickly dropped a mental wall on Elijah and propelled him out the room.
“How’s the hunger, brother? Are you sated?” I growled. He bared his fangs at me. I laughed. “I take that as a no.” I jerked him upright.
“Release me,” he snarled.
“So you can do what?” I said and released him. I expected him to make a move on me, but he didn’t. “Meet in the kitchen,” I said and teleported. A second later, Elijah appeared at my side. Kira let out a squeak and took a step or two away from us.
“Donnica is outside,” said Audrianna. “I told her that you would be out shortly.” I nodded. “May I come along?”
“Of course, sweetheart. You don’t need to ask.” I walked to the front door and stepped outside. “Come out, come out, wherever you are,” I drawled to the night air. No one stepped from the shadows as I continued down the walkway.
“Donnica,” said Kira. “You won’t like it if you don’t come out like this second,” she sang.
“I’ll take the risk,” said Donnica, dropping from the branch above. “Hunting party?” she asked. “I already fed myself.”
“I can help you out with that,” Elijah hissed. He moved in a blur, sending her to the ground. She let out a startled gasp before he silenced her and struck. I hissed and flashed across the street, grateful that Kira and Audrianna followed suit.
“Don’t touch me,” I growled as Kira came dangerously close to me. She abruptly stopped and nodded. I pressed myself to a tree and silently snarled to myself. My hand shot out and grabbed Elijah before he could pass me. He looked at me questioningly. I growled and shoved him away, hard. He grunted as he hit another tree a few yards away.
“Okay, I deserved that,” he said breathlessly and got up. Donnica huffed and grumbled under her breath. Before any of them could do or say something else, I mentally reached out and grabbed them and teleported, appearing in front of the gate to the NSC headquarters.
“Uh, I thought we were hunting?” Kira asked as we waited for someone to come and let us in.
“Oh, we are,” I growled softly. “After that, we’re going to find Ashley.” Behind me, Donnica sighed and reached past me. She lifted the latch and pulled the gate open. Of course, that was when Gabriella came running into view. She came to an abrupt stop. “On a piss break?” I growled. She shook her head. I grunted and nodded to the opened gate. She nodded and stepped aside. We went through the gate and up the long walkway to the door. Kira muttered under her breath and kicked the door in. I stiffened and then I was on my ass or would have been if Audrianna wasn’t there to catch me. Her hand shot out and caught Elijah’s arm before he landed on his ass as well. I snarled and leveled a murder look on Kira. The alarm went off for only a second, but it might as well have been going off for like five minutes as my ears throbbed.
“Sorry,” she moaned.
I straightened and steadied myself. I grabbed the front of her shirt and pulled. “The next time you do something like that,” I hissed. “I will knock your ass unconscious for days. Do you understand me, sweetheart?” She nodded rapidly. “Good,” I said and drove my fangs deep in her neck. She gave a small scream as I pulled the hot sweet blood down my throat. I pulled back and licked the wound closed. Releasing her, I nodded to Trynnadon standing just a few feet away, watching. Licking the remaining blood off, I walked to him. I inclined my head and sniffed the air. Not surprisingly, he had somebody locked up somewhere. “Who do you have?” I asked him.
He shrugged. “Didn’t get a name.”
“Mmm, not forthcoming hmm?” He grunted. “Show me.”
“Of course. This way.” Only Elijah and I followed him as he led us through a door, down a flight of stairs and to one of the many holding cells. “I did not harm her in any way.” Kaylee’s head jerked up. She cringed as her gaze landed on me and Elijah.
I looked at him. “You said—”
He tilted his head to the side. I glanced at the next cell. “I grabbed Kaylee after the slaughter.” I walked to the next cell and narrowed my eyes on the rogue vampire inside. “She says she’s responsible for the civilians getting involved.”
I nodded. “Elijah,” I said and moved away from the rogue. “Don’t kill her.” I went back to Kaylee and just stared at her. She didn’t look up as she involuntarily shivered under my intense stare. “You want to be a protector,” I said softly to her. “You, Draven, and the rest.”
“How long have you known that?” she mumbled.
I reached through the bars and put my hand under her chin, forcing her to look up at me. “A couple of months ago.” She blinked. “Was your little group the only ones there?” She shook her head. I nodded. “Do not release her,” I said to Trynnadon and made my way back to the rogue who was now a couple of pints short. Elijah grunted and slammed the cell door shut. He turned to me.
“You in the mood for image transferring?” he asked.
I reached out and grabbed the bar. “If I were, I’d be passing it on to you by now.”
“True enough,” he growled. “Blood read it is then?”
I grunted. “Go for it.” He leaned in, and I gritted my teeth as he sank his fangs in my neck. He went taut against me. “Mmhmm, I loved it, too, when I saw it.” He pulled back and snarled. He quickly licked at the wound and disappeared. Huh, someone’s on the move. I grumbled to myself. Ignoring the stares from Trynnadon and Kaylee, I yanked the door open and grabbed the rogue around the throat. “Where did you get this one?” I asked, pulling her out and turning around to face him. “Judging from these…” I looked the rogue up and down and smirked. “Blood and such, I assume this is another survivor of the slaughter.”
“It is. You have another one on hand?” I nodded. He looked thoughtful and nodded. “Zaiah.” I nodded. “Has she…”
“Not yet.” I punched my hand through the rogue’s chest to wrap around her heart. Her eyes looked like they were about to pop out of her head in any second. Elijah, I mentally snarled at him. Release her. I didn’t get a reply back, but the sudden shriek from her almost got her heart torn right out of her chest as I almost lost my balance. I hissed and my compulsion slammed into her. “Be a good girl and be silent.” Her shriek died off, and I blew out a sharp breath. “Now.” I slipped into her mind. “Who ordered you out on the streets?”
“Delilah,” she gasped.
“Does she have her human with her?”
“Yes.”
“What is his name?”
“He is called Rotag.”
I put pressure on her heart, and she sucked in a pained breath. “What are his special abilities?”
“I can’t tell you—”
I put even more pressure on her heart. “Oh, yes, you will, sweetheart,” I growled softly. I released her heart and pulled my hand from her chest. “You will. Tell me,” I said and blasted her mind wide open. She fell to the floor, writhing, clutching her head. Of course, she couldn’t scream or make a sound as the debilitating pain took her over. But, inside her head was a whole different story. In the background, I dimly heard Kaylee’s gasps and her questions she was firing off at Trynnadon, not giving him any second pause to answer her. I grabbed the bar, and it groaned as I squeezed it. Ignoring the stab of pain to my poor eardrums, I quickly sifted through the rogue’s head, groaning as blood obscured my vision. I snarled and pulled out. “Able to compel vampires and able to manipulate shadows and weather. Did I get that right, sweetheart?” I braced myself and released her. Her bloodcurdling screams drowned out Kaylee’s questions completely. More fresh blood pooled around her as it poured from her eyes, nose, mouth, ears, and what not. I bent down and stroked her blood-drenched cheek. I silenced her and smiled. “One more thing, sweetie,” I said both mentally and out loud. “Whose mind control is Rotag under? Tell me, and I’ll relieve you of this agony.” I pulled her into my embrace. She writhed in my arms. “Tell me,” I whispered in her ear. Her screams died into a sob, and I released her voice box. “Tell me,” I repeated.
“Sairis,” she choked out.
“That’s my girl,” I whispered. With lightning speed, I hissed and stabbed my fangs in deep. She let out another bloodcurdling scream as I quickly drained her. I withdrew my fangs and reached back into her chest and pulled out her heart, dropping it and the lifeless body to the floor. I straightened and turned to look at Trynnadon. He groaned and glared at me. I smirked. “Sorry.”
“You are so not sorry,” said Kaylee. I looked at her. She was practically hanging halfway out of her cell. “You’re such a bastard,” she continued, a way too cheerful look on her face.
“So I’ve been told,” I said, walking to her. She slipped between the bars back into the cell. “You’re lucky Tryn didn’t stick you in the ones where the bars are a lot closer.” She nodded. “Tryn, you can go hunt if you like, you know.” I flipped the lock with a command and pulled the door open. “Come,” I said to her and stepped aside. She hesitated for a second, and then stepped from the cell. I smirked. “Have you broken human law before?” I asked conversationally. She grimaced and nodded. “Oh really? I’ll have to hear the story someday.” She gulped. “Mmhmm, turn around, sweetheart.” She groaned and slowly turned. I reached into my pocket and pulled out a pair of handcuffs. “Hands behind your back.” She reluctantly put her hands behind her and squirmed uneasily. I gently slipped the cuffs on her. She gasped as the blade dug gently into her wrists. I turned her to face me. I inhaled the air around her. I zeroed in on the smell of wood on her.
“Uh, um, what are you doing?” she asked nervously.
I reached inside her pants. She squeaked and spluttered. I snorted and extracted a stake. “Were you planning to stake someone with this?”
“No.”
“Good.” I led her away from the cells and up the stairs. I stopped as Audrianna came to meet us.
“Trynnadon took Kira with him,” she said to me. I nodded. I took her outstretched hand and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-seven

ELIJAH

I glared up at the sky. My skin prickled, telling me that the sun was about to peek out from behind the clouds in like half an hour. I ground my teeth. I so hated tracking during daylight. I snarled and moved in a blur across empty air to land silently on the roof of a doughnut shop. I sniffed the air. If I was going to find Ashley, I had to find her sooner rather than later. Inhaling her scent, I launched myself into the sky. From up there, it was a little harder to lock onto a scent. I inhaled deeply and turned right, flying over residential streets. Constantly inhaling and sniffing the air, I continued east. A few minutes later, I swiftly dropped from the sky. I grunted as I hit the pavement in a crouch. Tilting my head back, I inhaled deeply and let it out slowly as I caught the scent of a human behind me, and it wasn’t just your ordinary human being. I got up from my crouch and headed to the shadowed parts of the building. I smirked as he followed. Too bad I wasn’t radiating my usual energy level or that human, ordinary or not, mind slave or not, would have been frozen to the spot choking on his own tongue. I turned and leaned casually against the brick wall, deliberately not glancing his way. The human stepped in front of me, his blank black eyes going red. I could feel him trying to grab a hold on my mind. He frowned and grunted with the effort. I watched in amusement as sweat broke out, and it looked like he was about to faint. I sighed and let my compulsion slam into him. “That’s enough, Rotag,” I said quietly. I reached out and patted him on the head. “Nice try, but no luck this time for you.”
He stared disbelievingly at me. “Why can’t I compel you?” he asked in a monotone, his eyes back to their normal black.
I straightened and smiled. “Nice little trick you have there. No wonder Sairis and Delilah kept you around. You are valuable to them.” In a blur, I had the human’s arms twisted behind his back and pinned between me and the wall. Fucking mind slave, I snarled to myself. They’re so fucking not fun. Lifeless bunch of fucks they were. I let my pent-up energy go, and Rotag went rigid, his fear washing over me in waves. “You,” I whispered in his ear, “are the one we’ve been looking for. You will tell me exactly where Delilah is,” I growled. “Or I’ll gladly splatter your brain all over this alleyway.” Stepping away from him, I dropped a mental wall around him. I pulled out my phone and hit up Tristan. It rang four times before he answered it. “Am I interrupting something?” I drawled, glaring at the sun in the distance.
“Would it matter to you?” he growled.
“Well, that depends, brother.”
He laughed softly. “What did you do?”
“Who says I did anything?”
“Elijah.”
“Tristan.”
He growled. “I can hear a frightened human near you.”
I grunted. “Oh, that. Well, you’ll be glad to know that I have Rotag.” I heard a door slam on the other end. Then dead silence.
“Is that so?” he hissed.
“I’m behind a paper factory on Celtin Road,” I said and hung up. “So,” I said to the mind slave. “Tell me, where is Delilah these days?” He remained silent, staring at the dirty wall in front of him. “You don’t want to talk? Okay, that’s fine by me.” I spun him around to look at me. “How about this, tell me where Ashley is.” He tilted his head back to look up at me with those blank eyes of his. I gritted my teeth, barely controlling the urge to blow his mind wide open, rip his throat out, and be done and over with. A few seconds later, Tristan dropped from the sky, landing silently beside me. “Take him. I so don’t want to deal with him. I’ll have more fun tracking Ashley than talking to a fucking robot.”
He laughed. “I’ll give him to Evelyn.” Then he snatched Rotag up and disappeared.
I smirked and headed into the bright morning sun. I winced and cursed the stupid ball of flame. I squeezed my eyes shut as I pulled the sunglasses from my pocket and slipped them on. Blinking my eyes open, I scanned the streets and parking lot. Muttering, I slipped back into the shadows as several cars pulled up into the parking lot. I inhaled and teleported, appearing in front of a two-story house. I sniffed the air. I turned and inclined my head to the unseen presence with me. Already knowing who it was, I waited patiently. A long minute past, then Zaiah step into my view. She slowly made her way over to me and inclined her head. I nodded to her. “Could use some help, sire?”
I shrugged. “Feel free to make yourself useful.” Before she could reply, I moved in a blur and knocked her backward just as a pop went off. I hissed, and my vision went black for a brief second. I snarled as blood slid down the back of my neck. Another shot went off, that time hitting me in the lower back. In a flash, I was behind the shooter who was standing across the street. I groaned as the world swam. I knocked the gun from his hands, and in a blur of motion, a hissing, snarling, screeching Zaiah fell on him. The ground blurred as it came up to meet me. Cool hands grabbed me and gently lowered me to the pavement. I groaned.
“Thank you,” Zaiah said above me.
“No need to thank me,” another voice replied. That one I didn’t recognize. “I’ll clean up. You give him blood.”
“What’s your name?”
“Velron, and you are…”
“Zaiah.”
“Pleasure to meet you, Zaiah. Now you should feed him before he completely zones out.”
“Right,” she said, and with eyes closed, I could feel her leaning over me. I groaned as warm blood flowed into my mouth. She pressed her wrist to my fangs, and I bit down, hard. She sucked in a sharp breath and tensed up, then slowly relaxed. I pulled greedily at her wrist. Another long minute passed, and I reluctantly withdrew my fangs. I blinked my eyes open. She licked her wrist closed and straightened. I sat up and slowly got up. Zaiah bent and collected the two bullets and held them out to me. “More trophies?” she asked. I grunted and took them from her. The vampire Velron came over to us. That time accompanied by two others. I looked the three civilians over and nodded. Then I let go of my cloaking, sending them flying backward. Velron shook his head and gulped, pulling the other two up with him. Zaiah laughed, and I glared at her. We walked over to where they were standing. I held out my hand to Velron. He slowly reached out. I grabbed it. He gasped and went taut. I smiled.
“Nice to meet you, Velron,” I said softly. I grimaced. “And thanks for catching me.”
He swallowed once, twice. “Not a problem, sir.”
“Introduce me to your friends?” He looked at me questioningly, his thoughts whirling around in my head. I cleared my throat. Zaiah took Velron’s hand from me, holding back another laugh.
“You guys might want to shield your thoughts more tightly around him,” she said.
I winced as three mental shields hit me. I sighed and willed it to a whisper. “Sorry, you have your privacy.” Velron grimaced. I chuckled. “But all you need to do is ask, if you want to know who I am. I’m Elijah.”
Velron nodded. “I’m Velron as you already know, and this is Elena and Paige,” he said nodding to each of them. “Guys, that’s Elijah Tronis, one of the members of the Vampiric Council.” I glared behind them as Tristan walked up.
“Right,” said Tristan. “You think I wouldn’t check what’s wrong when I all of a sudden feel phantom pain at the back of my head and back?”
“It’s called telepathy,” I said to him.
He snorted. “And miss all the fun? I thought you knew me better than that.” I grunted. “And do I get to—?”
“No,” said Zaiah.
“You didn’t even let me finish my question, Zaiah.”
She snorted. “You wanted to know if you can eat them.” Elena squeaked, but didn’t make any move.
He sighed. “All right, fine.” He looked around him. “But, let’s go somewhere more… private.” Zaiah and I nodded. Tristan put a hand on Elena’s head. Then all went black. We appeared in the middle of a living room. Velron, Elena, and Paige gasped and blinked rapidly. “Sorry,” he whispered. I snorted. “Alright fine, I’m not,” he muttered. His hand still on Elena’s head, he trailed his fingers through her hair until it was around the back of her neck. She stiffened, fear slowly pouring off of her in waves.
“Tristan,” I growled. He looked at me questioningly. “Don’t.”
He sighed. “Just a little taste?”
I snarled and dropped heavily onto the couch behind me. “Not. In. Front. Of. Me,” I said through gritted teeth. He growled, but still didn’t let go of her. I frowned as Zaiah wiped the blood off of me. “Why did you bring them with us?”
“Because—” I moved in a blur. I hit the ceiling and dropped him to the floor. Elena let out a small scream. He snarled. I pinned him to the floor. He bucked, and it took every ounce of my strength just to hold him. I stared deeply into his eyes and swore. He smirked. “Are you offering?” he asked, low enough for only me to hear.
“If I were,” I said just as low. “I’d be offering my wrist to you.” He hissed and before I knew it, I was airborne. Breath whooshed out of me as I hit the opposite wall. I snarled and flashed across the room.
“Uh, hey guys,” said Zaiah. Tristan and I came to an abrupt stop midair. “You’re freaking out the poor civilians.” Tristan’s eyes flashed. “You, um, you did teleport them here for a reason… right?”
“Sire?” Kira walked into the living room and stopped, her eyes scanning the room. “Oh,” she said. “It can wait.” We both hit the floor and were in front of her in a blink.
“She had another vision,” said Avery, coming to a stop behind her.
“Not a—” I grabbed her before she could turn and leave the room. “It’s just a feeling.”
Avery sighed. “They’re on the move.”
Tristan snarled and yanked her from me. “Ask them about the rogue,” he said, words barely understandable through tightly closed lips and fangs. Then all three disappeared. I hissed as images of the rogue plucked from Jane’s head flashed in my mind. Then I blinked. Ah, them. Got it. I turned to the three civilians and Zaiah and walked back to them.
“Enjoying the show?” I growled.
Zaiah snorted. “Yep, definitely enjoying the show.”
I stopped in front of Velron. He stiffened, eyes darting in all directions. “Your chance of an escape is zero percent out of a hundred. So don’t even try it.” He gulped and nodded. “I gestured to the couch. “Have a seat, all of you.” They sat, looking about ready to bolt out the nearest window. “I’m going to show you something, and perhaps one of you recognized them walking around.”
“I suggest you prepare yourselves,” Zaiah muttered to Paige who was sitting beside her. “It’s a vision.”
I sighed. “Do you really have to take away all of the fun?”
“Sorry.” I pushed against their minds. They groaned, hands clenching into fists. “Drop your shields or it will hurt.” I shot her a glare. She smirked. “My bad—”
“Not another word from you,” I growled. She snapped her mouth shut and leaned back on the couch, grumbling.
“That’s more like it,” I muttered. She glared at me. “You keep that up, I’ll gladly bite you. I could use a few more pints in me.” I reached out and pressed my fingers to her jugular. “What do you think of that?” She smacked my hand away and flashed from the room. I grunted and fixed my gaze on Velron. I leaned in closer and inhaled. Fighting the urge to dart in for a quick nip, I backed up and dropped to the floor, curling into myself. I slipped into their minds and let the images flow. Gasps and sharp intakes of breath filled the room. Breathing deeply in and out, my gaze wandered over all of them.
“I don’t know him,” Velron finally said after a long, tense minute. Oh, but one of them did. And she wasn’t about to talk. The room vanished for a heartbeat, and I found myself behind them, the deadly sharp blade clutched in my hand. They sat frozen to the couch, fear so strong I barely had enough sense not to make a lunge for one of them. I slowly, oh so slowly reached out and pinned Paige to the couch with my arm, an unbreakable hold against her chest. No one made a move as I put the blade to her throat, just an inch from making contact.
“Paige,” Elena choked out, the word barely audible.
“Oh, shit!” Brynna gasped. “What the fuck did you guys do?” she asked and stalked into the room. I snapped my mouth shut with an audible click. I braced myself as I sensed Zaiah behind me. She tentatively put out her hand and gently put it over my blade hand. And it was a wonder that the blade didn’t snap in half as I squeezed it tighter.
“Don’t,” Zaiah whispered in my ear. “Not yet.” My vision blurred as I fought to keep the room in focus.
“Just a piece of advice,” said Brynna. “Never, ever piss off any of the Council members.” She smiled at Paige. “You will regret it,” she whispered. “Forgive him. He’s a little low on blood.” A low growled tore from my throat. Yeah, a little low was an understatement. Before that day was over, one of them would be dead. Or maybe not. A muscle twitched, and Zaiah increased her hold on my hand. Brynna moved around the couch and came to stand on my other side. “So,” she said conversationally. “I suggest you talk, Paige, or things will get… a little… what’s the word, messy.” She sucked in a sharp breath as Tristan appeared in the living room entrance. “Oh, fuck,” she moaned. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.” The air thickened as Tristan walked in, his eyes flashing white every second. He blinked hard. “Oh, we’re all busted,” Brynna muttered under her breath.
“Brother,” Tristan said in a guttural tone. His eyes flashed, and he shook his head vigorously. He came to a stop in front of Paige and towered over her. He looked me in the eye and shook his head. It took all the effort in me just to nod an ascent. He tore his gaze from me and stalked around the couch and stopped beside Brynna. I growled and whipped my head to her as she nodded. I tracked her every move. She tugged at Zaiah.
“Come on,” she hissed. “We have a girl to find.”
“But—”
“We have a fucking time limit,” she snarled. “Now, come. On.” She nodded, and I watched as they slowly, step by step, exited the room. Tristan extracted the blade from me. I jerked my hand away before I could strangle her. Digging my fingers into the couch, I snarled and locked my muscles in place before they could decide what to do on their own. My arm still pinning Paige to the couch, I leaned down.
“Tell me,” I whispered in her ear, words barely discernable through my fangs. “Tell. Me. Where. He. Is. Or. Your. Friends. Die. While. You. Watch.”
“Now, now brother, play nice,” Tristan hissed. I snarled. Then the air was sucked right out of me, preventing me from sinking my fangs into the side of Paige’s neck. “I said play nice.” He jerked my head away before returning air to me. I gasped and pushed myself away from the couch. An animalistic growl tore from me, and I hit the floor instead of lunging for her. “Stay there,” he hissed and dropped a mental wall on me. I couldn’t so much as twitch a finger, even if I wanted to. He dropped to the floor beside me and leaned over. “I’ll do the talking,” he growled. His eyes flashed. A split second later, his fangs darted for my throat. I silently snarled as I felt the pull of my blood being drawn. He pulled back and licked the wound shut and got up. I watched, the room winking in and out of focus and inwardly snarling as he went around the couch to face them, eyes no longer flashing white. You son of a fucking bitch, I snarled at him. He ignored me and propelled me through the air. I hit the floor on the other side of the couch where I could see everything. “I’ll make it up to you,” he said, not turning around. Then the living room went calm. All the while, my blood burned, and I seethed. I watched, unable to do anything as the three civilians gasped in huge amounts of air.
“Please, don’t kill us,” Velron said in a rush.
“We won’t, if your sweet friend here gives us what we want,” he growled.
“Tell them,” Elena whispered. “Just tell them, Paige.”
“I’ve seen him,” Paige mumbled.
“Continue,” Tristan growled. “I want name and place.”
“His name is Trenton.” He tilted his head to the side and studied her. “I don’t know where he lives.”
“But?”
“I know where he hangs out.”
“Please, do spill,” he said softly. “There’s a ticking time bomb that’s about to go off, sweetheart.” She bit her lower lip. “If you value your life,” he growled. “You will tell me. Or I will gladly rip your mind wide open.”
“He hangs out at a club called Night Life.”
Tristan laughed darkly. “Ah, a club owned by a vampire.” She nodded. “Was that so hard, sweetheart?” he growled. She gulped. “If you warn him that we’re coming,” he whispered. “I will forfeit your life.” The calmness in the room lifted, and they all squirmed, whimpered, gasped, and it was bliss to my ears. “Do I make myself, very, clear?”
“Yes, sir,” she whimpered. “I understand.”
“Good,” he said as Taylor stepped into the living room. “You are free to leave, but know this, if I have to find any of you for any reason, and you evade me, I will not be so…” He hissed. “Generous.” Then they disappeared in a whirlwind of cold air. Damn, I didn’t even get to have a sip. Such a fucking bummer. I mentally let out a snarl, and let the beast, take me over.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-eight

KIRA

I growled and struggled uselessly, trying to break free of Avery’s hold. The high-pitched alarm was such an annoyance to my ears. I glared at the wristband around my left wrist. I snarled, glaring up at him. “Are you done?” he asked, carefully removing the tracking bracelet from me. The moment it was off, it went silent. I cursed and punched him. He grunted, rubbing his ear and narrowing his eyes on me. I tried to punch him again, but he caught it before it could make contact. “Enough,” he growled. He got up, pulling me up with him. Before I could even make a move, my arms were pinned behind my back in a heartbeat. He kicked open the door and led me out of the underground room. He snatched me up in an embrace and wind whipped against my face as he super sped up the multiple flights of stairs. He kicked the second door open and stepped through it. He set me down, his hand holding both of my hands in a painful grip. He moved me to the front door. It opened on its own accord. We stepped outside, and I inhaled the fresh night air. He released one of my hands, only to slip the wristband back on. I grumbled and swore under my breath. “Behave,” he snapped. I gulped and shut up. Then everything went dark. I blinked and shook my head. I sniffed the air and groaned as the scent of humans surrounded me. He finally let me go, but I remained very still, not daring to take even a step. He glanced down at me. “Find it,” he growled.
“Find what?” I asked.
His eyes narrowed, and I shivered as that familiar eerie feeling wrapped around me. “You know exactly what I mean,” he hissed. I tilted my head back and inhaled, biting back a snarl. I nodded and turned. I led Avery down the sidewalk. It was unnerving as fuck having him behind me. I couldn’t help but shudder at the prickly feeling of being watched. I walked up the driveway and up to the front door and stopped. I stared at the doorbell, wondering if I should ring it or not. I put out my hand to ring it, but stopped just an inch from it. I frowned at it and glanced at Avery behind me. He sighed. “How many are inside?” he growled. I looked at the door and sniffed, trying to separate individual scents from each other. Two? Three? Four? I sniffed again, but still couldn’t tell. “Four,” he said through gritted teeth. I nodded. “Ring it.” I rang the doorbell and we waited. It opened a minute later. A teenaged girl stood in the doorway. Her eyes widened as she saw us. Compel her, Avery mentally growled at me. Now. I looked her in the eye and let my compulsion wash over her. “Ask her to invite us in,” he snarled.
I gulped and ignored the tingling sensation at my back. “May we come in?” I asked her.
“Yes, you may,” she replied in a monotone and stepped aside, opening the door wider. We stepped inside, and I got out of Avery’s way. What the hell am I supposed to do now? I thought to myself as he closed the door.
“Release her.” I released her, and before she could refocus, she was under again, her expression going blank. “Go on,” he growled. “You know what to do, and you know what not to do.” I turned and went for the hallway. I walked to the first door and sniffed. It was a bathroom. I went to the second door and did the same thing. I carefully opened that one and peeked inside. I moved silently into the bedroom and stopped beside a bed where a boy about sixteen was soundly asleep. I leaned over him and inhaled. He was clean. Wow, seriously? I put a hand on him and leaned down to his neck. He mumbled something unintelligible. I smirked and slipped into his mind. You are dreaming, I whispered in his head. I snorted. That sounded so lame, but whatever. Before I could come up with another lame ass suggestion to plant in his mind, I sank my fangs into his neck. I held back a groan as I pulled the warm sweet blood down my throat. After a long minute, I felt him going limp. With an effort, I withdrew my fangs and licked the wound closed. I straightened and silently backed out of the room, closing the door behind me. I walked to the front door, licking the blood off of my lips. “Very nicely done,” Avery said from behind me.
I smiled. “Thanks.”
“Your sire will be so proud,” he drawled as we stepped back outside.
I snorted. “Not likely.” We walked down the driveway. Avery grabbed my arm, and everything once again went dark.
“How’d she do?” Ian asked the moment we appeared.
“I did a marvelous job, thank you very much,” I said.
He blinked. “You actually stopped yourself? Without being thrown out the window? Shocker! My little sister is finally learning.”
“Shut up,” I grumbled.
“Where’s Tristan?” Avery asked him.
“Er… he’s with um… Elijah.”
“I see.”
“He wants you there.” He nodded and disappeared.
“So,” I said, looking around. “Where am I? Or do I not want to know?”
“This way,” he said and turned to head into the living room. “And you’re at my house.”
I blinked. “Oh.” I followed him and dropped onto the couch without asking. “Nice place.” He snorted. “You live alone?”
“Yes.”
“So, why am I here?”
“Because you’re stuck with me for the rest of the night.”
I looked up at him. “Why?”
“Don’t worry. We’re meeting Trynnadon in like…” He glanced at the clock. “An hour.”
“What are we doing?”
“Looking for Ashley.” I winced. “You didn’t have another vision, did you?” He dropped into a chair across the room. “Because, if you did. Tristan will flip.”
“Er…”
“Please tell me you didn’t.”
“I didn’t.”
He blew out a sharp breath. “Good.”
“We meeting just Trynnadon?”
“No, Brynna, Zaiah, Loria, you know, the whole gang.”
“Well,” I said, leaning back. “I hope to kick some vampire ass then.”
“Don’t we all.”
“How old are you if you don’t mind me asking?” He just stared at me. “What, I was just curious.”
“I’m over six hundred years old,” he finally answered after a long moment of silence.
“Who’s the oldest?”
“Audrianna, me, Tate, and then you.” I nodded. “Any more questions?”
“Yeah, how old is Tristan?”
“He’s…” He got up and glanced around the room. I got up too and went over to him.
“What?”
“He’s here… somewhere.” He left the living room and disappeared from my view. He reappeared a few seconds later. “Well,” he muttered. “I hate it when he sneaks up on me, which is like ninety-five percent of the time.” I felt it then, an ice-cold sensation washing over me. I turned and scanned the room.
“Outside?” I asked.
“Nope, he’s definitely in here.” I shivered and looked around, seeing nothing. A hiss from Ian, and I spun around to find Tristan leaning casually against the stair railing. “So,” Ian said as if nothing ever happened. “Did you hear what Kira did?”
“I’ve heard,” Tristan said, barely above a whisper. “Is a congratulatory comment in order?”
“No, not at all,” I said.
He flashed his fangs. “Good, because I’m not the… praising, type.”
“Can we help you with something?” Ian made a noise at the back of his throat that sounded a lot like “Fuck.” Tristan smirked and straightened. I instinctively backed up a step.
“Damn it,” Ian whispered. “Don’t ever ask that question again, Kira.”
I gulped and stood my ground as Tristan made his way over to me. “Should I run?” I asked, a little breathless.
He stopped. “I’ll give you a head start,” he growled.
“Don’t do it,” Ian hissed at me.
Tristan laughed softly. “Now, now, Ian, don’t spoil the fun for her.” He was in front of me in a blink. I squeaked and tried to move back another step, only to feel his cold ass hand at the back of my neck. I gasped, my hands automatically going to his arm and pushing. He didn’t fight my weak attempt and let me push it away from me.  Then I turned and flashed across the room. Ian groaned and shot a glare my way. I moved in a blur. I whimpered and ran headfirst into the window. Glass flew everywhere as I propelled myself through it. I winced as some of the glass imbedded itself in my skin.
“Awww shit! You owe me a new window!” Ian called after me.
“Didn’t mean to!” I called back. I flipped over and rolled down a hill. Huh, where did that come from? I quickly looked around. Ah, I was in the backyard. I got up and brushed the clinging shards off of me. Panting, I spun around and ran. I let out a scream as I was grabbed from behind. “Okay, you got me.” I struggled in Tristan’s arms and got nowhere. I winced as he plucked a piece of shard from my hair. He grunted as I elbowed him in the stomach. I hissed and kicked him. He snarled, and I was slammed to the ground. I coughed and spat the dust from my mouth. “Where are we?” I asked, still coughing and spitting. I tried to get up, but his hand on my back kept me firmly against the gravelly ground. Where the hell was I anyway? I grunted and smacked him in the side. “You find this very amusing, don’t you?”
“I very much do,” he snarled. In a blink, I found myself on my back. I glared at him. “Are you quite done?” My hands shot out and slammed against his chest. He hissed and grabbed my arms and pinned them to the ground. I bared my fangs and growled. I jerked up. His eyes flashed, and he darted for my neck. I gasped as he pushed me back down and buried his fangs in deeper. He growled and pulled harder. I couldn’t even move or curse at him. He snarled and jerked back. I inwardly winced. After a few seconds, he licked the wound closed and got off of me. “Get up,” he growled. I rubbed at my neck and slowly got to my feet. I took his outstretched hand, and everything went dark. We appeared in front of Trynnadon and the others. Loria pulled me from Tristan and led me to him.
“You know where Ashley is?” I whispered to her. She nodded.
“We all here?” Trynnadon asked. He scanned the small crowd and muttered. “Where’s Ian?”
“Right here,” Ian said, stepping from the shadows. “I had to board up a window that,” he glared at me. “Someone broke.”
Trynnadon grunted. “You do like to cause trouble, don’t you?” he asked me. I shrugged. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Eric?”
“Tryn?”
“Who do you want?”
Eric looked at us all intently. “Don’t care. I’ll take whoever’s left.”
“Okay then.” He turned to Tristan. “How about you?”
“I want Zaiah and Brynna,” Elijah growled. “Other than that? I don’t care who I get.”
Trynnadon nodded. “Guess the same goes for you, Tristan? You want Kira, Ian, Audrianna, and Tate.” Tristan grunted. “Right, everyone else pick who you want to be with. Split up into five groups, one Council Member to a group. So, you have Tristan, Elijah, Evelyn, Taylor, and Avery. Choose quickly.”
Tristan glanced at me. “Come.” I went over to him and put a hand on his arm. He smirked and flicked another shard off of me. Audrianna laughed and gave me a pat down.
“Don’t worry,” she said. “I’m not hitting on you.” I snorted. “Besides, you’re the wrong gender for me.” She muttered under her breath and ran her fingers through my hair. “Okay, you’re good,” she said, stepping back. She glanced up at Tristan. “Sire?”
“Hmm?”
“Do you need to feed before we go?”
“No, he doesn’t,” I said. “I lost a pint because of him.”
Tristan chuckled. “It was only half of pint, sweetheart.”
“Whatever,” I grumbled.
“I can show you—”
“No, no, no thanks,” I said quickly.
He smirked and patted Audrianna on her head. “I am fine, sweetie.”
She nodded. “Hold hands?” she asked.
“No.” He looked at the group around him. “We ready?” he asked. They all nodded. I shivered as the creepy sensation ran through me. “When we get there, I want all of you to be silent.” We nodded, and those who were still talking snapped their mouths shut. He put a cool hand over mine and teleported.
We appeared in a… I sniffed and wrinkled my nose at the dank smell of what looked like a very old basement. Where the hell were we? An abandoned, decrepit building? A rat-infested shithole? A—Kira! I jumped at the sound of that mental voice. I glared at Tristan. He growled low in his throat. Stop thinking and start listening. Okay okay, I’m on it, I grumbled. He spun me around and gently shoved me forward. I silently crept to the door and stopped. “You’re supposed to open it,” Donnica whispered in my ear. I slowly pulled the door open and winced as it squeaked and groaned in protest. Tristan passed me and looked around, tilting his head to the side and sniffing. He gestured us forward. Donnica, Tecrayle, Byron, Trynnadon, Jade, Audrianna, Ian, Tate, and I followed as he made his way up the creaking steps to a better-looking hallway.
“There are six vampires on guard,” Tristan said softly. “Take them out quickly and quietly,” he growled and pointed to a double door at the end of the hall. I nodded and flashed down the hallway. I put up a hand to stop them as I quietly pushed the door open. Tristan, I mentally hissed. What’s one of the guards’ names? Jearius, he growled. I knocked and opened it wider.
“Jearius?” I said, stepping through the door. The farthest vampire glanced at me. “I’m Kira. Delilah sent me?” I held my breath, hoping that would somehow work.
“I wasn’t aware of this,” said Jearius. The other guards turned to face me. “Who’s with you?” Before I could come up with an answer, Tristan’s hand shot past me and was suddenly buried in one of the guard’s chest. Without thinking, I moved in lightning speed to Jearius. “What the—?” I punched my own hand in his chest and yanked his heart out, dropping it to the floor. Behind me, more gasps sounded.
“To the next door,” Tristan snarled. I ran to it and quickly assessed it.
“Key card,” I said to him. “And thumb scanner? Should I—?” Screams came from somewhere in the building. I glanced at him before kicking down the door. The alarm blared. I snarled and tackled the nearest vampire to the ground. The alarm gave one long, final, shrilling note before abruptly cutting off. I gasped as he punched his hand into my chest. Then the world went black.
“Kira!” Oh, so much pain, pain everywhere, and something heavy was on my chest. “Kira, wake up.” And who the hell was talking to me? “Wake up, it’s Ian.” As everything slowly came back to me, the pain increased. “Fuck,” Ian snarled. “Don’t move. Tristan has his hand on your heart.” I jerked, or tried to. My own screams filled my ears. Then I was choking as something hot went down my throat. My eyes flew opened. Then everything went blurry.
“Swallow,” Tristan said tightly. I had no choice but to obey. I blinked as the room came into clearer focus. I groaned and buried my fangs into his wrist. He nodded approvingly, growling under his breath. He removed his hand from my chest and snarled. I realized that I was the only one in the room with him and Ian, and surrounded by body parts and blood, lots of blood. “Ian,” he snarled, pulling his wrist from my fangs. “Take over,” he said, getting up. Ian came into my view and dropped to the floor beside me. He put out his wrist.
“Am I dreaming?” I mumbled.
“If you were,” Ian said, pressing his wrist to my mouth, “you’d be seeing halos and angels, not blood and gore.” He flicked my cheek. “Now open up and bite me.” I gasped as the ground shook violently, and he took that moment to push his wrist against my fangs.
“Sorry,” Tristan growled. In other words, he really wasn’t sorry in the slightest. I pulled at Ian’s wrist and swallowed more quickly. “Enough,” he growled. Ian nodded and pulled back, licking his wound shut.
“Can you get up?” Ian asked.
“Not just yet,” Tristan growled, and the room shook again.
“Where did everyone else go?” I asked.
“They went on without us,” said Ian. Tristan bent and slowly pulled me up.
“I swear I should be dead, not up walking and talking,” I said.
Tristan, covered in blood, gore and all, pulled me into his embrace. “If someone is going to rip out your heart,” he growled. “It will be me. And only me.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said, my voice muffled. I pulled back and looked up at him. “I really do love causing problems, don’t I?”
He smirked. “Indeed.”
I glanced at Ian, who was trying to hold back a laugh. “What?”
“Nothing,” said Ian.
I looked back at Tristan. “What is he really thinking of?”
“Don’t tell her.”
Tristan chuckled. “Afraid she’s going to kick your ass, Ian?”
“No, but.”
I pulled away from Tristan and staggered over to the door that led up another flight of stairs. “We should get going,” I said, rubbing my chest.
“We should,” said Ian. “But I think you should stand down for a bit.”
“But—”
“Kira,” Tristan warned. “I for once agree with him. Stand. Down.”
“Yes, yes,” I said, sighing. “I’ll be a good girl and watch.”
He patted me on the head and pushed the door open. “That’s more like it,” he said and gestured. “Shall we?” Ian and I nodded, and flashed up the stairs.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-nine

ASHLEY

I felt myself moving. I could hear, and smell, but I couldn’t see anything. I couldn’t even drudge up enough willpower to open my eyes to see where in the hell they were taking me or who was carrying me for that matter. I was practically lifeless. With all the cries and screams of vampires falling to their deaths, I knew help was on the way, but would it be fast enough before I was taken to a new location? “Where is Rotag?” The sweet-sounding voice of Delilah was like sticking a knife in my own ear. “He should be here to cover us.” She rubbed my back, and I mentally gagged in disgust. “Are you locking the doors as we go?” she asked. “It wouldn’t keep them out, but it will slow them down.”
“Yes, sire,” said Samantha. Couldn’t she have done that herself? Fucking, stupid, power hungry bitch, I silently growled.
“If she wasn’t useful to me and Sairis, I would have killed her,” Delilah hissed. Oh, I bet you would, I muttered to myself. Knowing you, you’re just too cool to do it yourself… or just too coward or maybe just fucking dumb. Whatever they injected into me was quickly wearing off, but I remained limp in her arms, not giving myself away. “Does she have any other powers besides mind reading?” she asked.
“I do not know.”
“How much dosage did you give this poor girl?”
“Enough to keep her out for an hour.”
She sniffed. “Oh, well, better than forever I suppose,” she sighed. Without so much as twitching, I reached out with shadows, hoping to hell that their minds were too focused on getting me out of wherever this place was. My whole body tingled as my senses reached outward. It brushed past something, and I willed it to grab a hold of whatever or whoever that was and flung it. I almost jerked as my shadows brushed up against a very powerful aura. That aura grabbed a hold of me, and I couldn’t do anything but wait for whatever to come. Ashley! A surprised Evelyn hissed in my head. It took all the effort not to squirm. Evelyn’s aura released me, and I pulled the shadows back. Sorry, I have to do this. I was about to ask what when I suddenly convulsed. It only lasted for a few seconds, but I could tell that I was no longer in control of myself. I pulled back from Delilah and smiled at her. Both she and Samantha came to an abrupt stop.
“Where are you taking me?” I asked cheerfully. I mentally grimaced. This was super weird in so many ways. Delilah laughed.
“Isn’t she chirpy today,” she said, still laughing.
I rolled my eyes at her. “So,” I said. “Where to?”
“You speak,” she said sweetly to me, “when I want you to, human.”
I put my hand on her chest. “Well,” I said just as sweet. “You stop, when I want you to.” And I pushed. She flew back, and I kicked her, flying back myself. Samantha came at me, but I moved in a blur. I mentally gasped, because that was all I could do as Evelyn, using me, tackled her to the ground. Delilah just gaped at me as I held Samantha in an unbreakable hold. I just stared at Delilah, smirking. “What?” I asked. “The cat got your tongue?”
“It’s not her,” Samantha gasped.
“Ding-ding-ding-ding-ding,” I said. “She is smart, this one. But, I wonder…” I got off of Samantha. She didn’t make a move to get up. I slowly walked toward Delilah and stopped in front of her. “I wonder if you are, Delilah. You see, I’ve been dying to meet you.”
“Who are you?” she snarled.
“Does that really matter?” I asked. Evelyn, I said slowly. You know how unnerving this is? Of course, I got nothing in response. “Like childe like sire,” I said, sighing. “So much alike.”
“I will kill you,” she hissed. “Oh?” I said, stepping back. “Have at it, I’ll just switch bodies. Perhaps…” I looked around thoughtfully. “Samantha,” I said. “How’s that sound?”
“You wouldn’t dare,” she growled.
I narrowed my eyes. “Want to test that?” I moved with lightning speed and grabbed Samantha by the throat, lifting her up and slamming her against the wall. “Kill Ashley and we’ll see.” I mentally whimpered. With a quick twist of my hand, I snapped her neck and dropped her. Oh man, I was going to have major cramps when this was over. Delilah snarled and lunged for me. She wasn’t even halfway to me when Trynnadon came from nowhere and knocked her to the floor. “Tryn,” I said, groaning. He blinked and looked at me. Then he stared at Samantha. Delilah took that moment, and threw him off of her. He went crashing into the door. “Now that wasn’t nice,” I said to her. Samantha moaned, and I bent and snapped her neck for the second time. Delilah snarled with rage and came at me. I mentally shrieked as my hands shot out to wrap around her neck, keeping her fangs from ripping out my throat. “Should I do the same to you?” I asked. “It will be my pleasure, you know.”
“That will be unnecessary.” I looked past her to find Tristan standing over Trynnadon, who was snarling in rage.
“One quick twist?” Samantha was coming around, and I reached down with my other hand and again snapped her neck. Tristan smirked and walked over. Delilah, who went rigid, whimpered as I released her. She crumpled to the floor beside her prodigy. I sighed. “You’re no fun, Tristan. You know that?” His eyes flashed dangerously. I laughed. “Okay, okay, I take that back. Your way of fun is just… bloodier than mine.” I harrumphed and sat down on the ground. Tristan put up a hand as a huge crowd gathered at the door. They all stopped. He gestured and the crowd parted to let Elijah, Zaiah, Brynna, Ian, Kira, Tate, and Audrianna through. I turned my head to Samantha as she moaned. I reached out, and Delilah snapped at my hand. I jerked it back and glared at her.
“That’s enough neck snapping,” Tristan growled.
“What a fucking buzz kill,” I muttered.
He came around to crouch behind me. “Out,” he said, putting a hand on my shoulder.
“But—”
“Out. Now.”
“But—”
“Evelyn!” he snarled.
“Okay okay,” I said, sighing.
A second later, tremendous pain gripped me. Tristan slapped a hand over my mouth. I screamed, curling into myself. Fuck, this was more than a minor muscle cramp. Tears blurred my vision as all of my muscles constricted oh so painfully. I moaned and violently shook. I screamed as my body involuntarily fought against Tristan’s hands as he pulled me back. Struggling to keep conscious, I forced myself to focus on what was happening. Evelyn pulled my legs from under me so that I was leaning against Tristan. She leaned over me. She was saying something, but I couldn’t hear it over my shrieks. She nodded, wincing every now and then. Her eyes met mine. “No more screaming,” she said. My shrieks cut off, but the pain was still there. She smiled and slashed her wrist open. It was over my mouth in a blink. “Drink.” I did. A long minute passed before she removed her wrist. I groaned and went limp as a warm sensation coursed through me.
“Never again,” I mumbled. “Never, ever, again.”
She laughed and brushed my sweaty hair from my forehead. “Never say never.”
I groaned. “Just don’t use vampire juju while in my body then.”
“Got it,” she said and straightened. She reached down and snapped Samantha’s neck for the fourth time.
I laughed weakly. “You’re mean.”
Her eyes flashed, and I gulped. “No, sweetie, that’s me being nice.” She looked me up and down.
“All clear,” Taylor snarled from the doorway. Tristan twitched and gently pushed me into a sitting position. Taylor stalked over to Delilah and glared down at her. “So this is the bitch we’ve been looking for?” she growled.
“Do I get to testify?” I asked. They all turned to look at me. “Or can I plead the fifth?”
Tate coughed and cleared his throat. “Sure,” he said slowly.
“Okay,” I said, putting my hands on the floor and pushing myself to my feet. “What about the second amendment?” I said and let out the pent-up shadows within me. Delilah shrieked as the solid mass of darkness sliced into her. No sound came from her, but the pained expression and mouth wide open said as much. Behind me, Tristan whistled. Evelyn laughed.
“Wow,” said Tate. “Looks like being kidnapped did you some good after all.”
I shrugged and pulled back the darkness. “Guess so.” Evelyn leaned down to Delilah’s neck and licked at the blood. “Ewww.”
She pulled back and smirked. “Delicious.” She looked around. Her gaze went past me to land on Tristan. “Time to torch the place?” she asked.
“Yes,” he said. I could detect a hint of a growl in that voice. He passed me and grabbed Delilah by the front of her shirt and pulled her to her feet. He stared deeply into her eyes. “When I release you,” he growled softly. “You will not fight. You will not scream. You will not do anything until I say so. Do I make myself very clear?” He waited a second and nodded. “Very good,” he said to a silent answer from her. He went to Samantha and smiled down at her. “Branson,” he said slowly. “It’s good to see you again, sweetheart.” Samantha’s eyes were wide in terror. He reached down and pulled her up. She cringed as he pulled her into his embrace. He whispered something in her ear. Whatever he had said made her go paler than she already was. I looked at Evelyn questioningly. She shook her head.
“You don’t want to know, Ash,” she muttered under her breath. I grumbled and nodded.
“Evelyn,” said Tristan. “Go ahead, I’ll meet you there.” She nodded and put a hand on my arm. Then everything went dark. We appeared in front of a house. I frowned at it thoughtfully.
“Unoccupied,” said Evelyn. The door opened and we stepped inside. I walked into the kitchen and looked around. Of course, there was nothing to look at. There wasn’t even a stove to be seen. I wondered if the bathroom was in working order, because I sure as hell needed to pee like yesterday.
“Does the bathroom work?” I asked no one in particular.
“Uh,” said Trynnadon. I turned to him. He inclined his head to listen. “Yeah, sounds like it.” I headed down the hall and opened each door until I found the bathroom. I was back in the kitchen two minutes later. “Feel better?” Trynnadon asked, smirking.
“Yep,” I said, leaning against the sink counter. I muttered as the rest finally arrived. The five Council members broke from the crowd. One of them came toward me. Elijah put a hand on my shoulder and led me into the living room. The others moved out of our way, leaving only me, the Council members, Delilah, and Samantha standing in the middle of the empty room. I caught Kira licking the blood from her hand, and I tried not to gag. She saw my face and grinned evilly at me.
“Sorry,” she said, sticking another bloody finger into her mouth. I sighed.
“Kira,” Tristan growled. She pulled her finger out and looked up at him. “Manners,” he snarled. She winced and wiped her hand on her already blood-soaked shirt and nodded rapidly. Tristan nodded to me, and Elijah led me to him. He held out his hand, and I took it hesitantly. Elijah stepped back as Tristan flipped my hand over. I gulped and tried to keep my hands from trembling. “Ashley Tinaryth.” I jerked in surprised. His hold on my hand tightened slightly. Look him in the eye, Trynnadon hissed in my head. I squeaked. Sorry, he whispered. I slowly, cautiously, tilted my head back to look up at Tristan. His eyes bored into mine. It was the most unnerving feeling in the world. “Ashley Tinaryth,” he repeated. “Under the Vampiric law, and in front of all these witnesses,” he said slowly. His eyes flashed, and I was definitely giving him my full attention, my thoughts, my fears, my questions, everything was pushed to the back of my mind for later. “Will you speak the truth, and nothing but the truth?”
I swallowed, once, twice. “Yes,” I said and hoped that my voice didn’t sound as breathy as it did to my own ears.
“And do you agree to a blood reading?” he asked softly. Oh, holy shit. Does this mean what I think it means?
“Uh,” I squeaked. “Er… yes?” I shifted nervously. His eyes flashed again. Oops, was I supposed to be sure of myself? Damn it. I tore my gaze from him and looked around, only now realizing that I was in a tight circle. Ashley, Trynnadon snarled. You’re not supposed to break eye contact, he said tightly. I inwardly groaned and looked back up at Tristan, once again meeting his eyes.
“Ashley Tinaryth, do you agree to a blood reading?”
I took in a deep breath and let it out sharply. I mentally kicked myself as Tristan’s whole body went taut. His hand around mine tightened painfully, to the point of breaking. I gritted my teeth and bit back a cry. My hand went numb, and I wondered if I would have the use of my right hand when all this was done and over with. I watched, unable to look away as he bared his fangs and hissed. A whimper escaped as his grip tightened even more. He snapped his mouth shut and slowly let go of me. It went hot as blood once again flowed through my numb hand. I winced as what felt like a million pin needles stabbed at every inch of my hand as the nerves slowly came back to life. “I’m so sorry,” I said shakily. “I’m so-so-so sorry. Please don’t kill me.” I bit my lower lip. “I do very much value my life.” I continued to stare as he fought with himself. The other four around me were probably doing the same, but I didn’t dare look away from Tristan, who looked about ready to rip my throat out. You do realize you’re playing with fire here, right? Trynnadon asked. He mentally sighed. I thought Kira was the troublemaker here. Well, I grumbled. You can include me in that category, too. Noted, he drawled. “This Council is adjourned,” Evelyn said tightly. “You will know when to once again appear before the Council at a later date.” She put her cool fingers under my chin, turning my head to look at her. “Think about the blood reading, Ash,” she said, no longer Evelyn judge, jury, and executioner, but Evelyn the civilian. I nodded. She dropped her hand and nodded. “Teleporting,” she growled. I braced myself. Then everything went dark.
I found myself staring at the closed gate of the NSC headquarters. Warren pushed it open, and I went through it. I looked behind me. Donnica, Eric, Trynnadon, James, and Callan were all following me. I grimaced. Trynnadon smirked and passed me to open the door. “I just had to ruin everything, huh?”
“You did no such thing,” said Donnica. “I quite enjoyed the show myself.” I grumbled. “I am sad to say that I didn’t get a chance to see Delilah and Samantha being executed, though.” She sighed. “Now that would have been entertaining,” she muttered. I followed Trynnadon into the living room and plopped onto the couch. Donnica came over and plopped down beside me. “So like I said, you didn’t do anything wrong.”
“And you’ll get your entertainment, Donnica,” said Callan. “I’m quite sure they won’t kill them just yet.” She grunted. He snorted and disappeared around the corner. “We both know how the Council works.”
“Yeah, I’m just wondering when’s the next time I’ll be seeing a Council’s death sentence.”
“Probably tomorrow night,” I said. “And I promise not to breathe on them.”
“That would be wonderful, because next time, I don’t think they’ll be as nice as they were today.”
I shuddered. “Yeah, tell me about it.”
“So how bad was it?” she asked.
I shrugged. “They knocked me unconscious a few times, but that’s about it. I’m not,” I made air quotes with my fingers. “Useful if I’m dead.” I dropped my hands and nodded. “Apparently, they don’t know that I can manipulate shadows.”
“Samantha was a willing participant?”
“She does whatever Delilah tells her to do.”
“I am not surprised,” Trynnadon drawled. I shuddered. Having a vampire standing behind you was not such a great feeling. He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. I relaxed a little as he moved away from the couch, taking that creepy ass presence with him. I turned my head and watched as he stepped back outside.
“Where is he going?” I asked.
“Probably to hunt,” said Donnica. “Unless you’re willing to donate?”
“Uh…”
“Tryn!” she yelled. “Ashley is donating a pint!”
“No! I am not!” I shouted. She got up and smirked, walking away. “Argh!” I got up and went outside. I only got a few feet from the door before I felt someone behind me. I tensed up. “You’re still going to bite me anyway. Are you?” I mumbled and slowly turned to face him. I let out a small scream as he grabbed me. I whimpered as the tips of his fangs grazed my neck.
“Would I do such a thing shortly after the ordeal you went through?” he growled softly.
“No?” I whispered, silently cursing my trembling voice.
He pulled back and stepped away from me. “Go back inside, Ashley.” He growled when I didn’t make a move. “Before I change my mind.” I slowly went around him and stepped back inside. The door slammed shut behind me, and I breathed a huge sigh of relief. Finally, something went my way for once.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty

TRYNNADON

I stared at the closed door for a minute longer, just battling with myself. I snarled and stalked toward the gate. I flipped the latch and pushed it open. I mentally closed and latched it and ran. Wind whipped at my face as I moved in a blur across town. It wasn’t long before I sensed someone following me. I came to a stop in front of a gas station. I slipped into a dark street and disappeared around the corner. Before I could glance back to check if my pursuer had followed, darkness closed around me. I cursed and put out my hands to stop myself from going headfirst into the floor. “Hey, Tryn,” Brynna said cheerfully. I slowly got up and looked at her. “You’re joining the hunting party.”
“We’re heading to that club,” said Audrianna. “The Night Life, isn’t it?” Brynna and Zaiah nodded. I gritted my teeth as my hunger grew. “Tristan wants you to find this rogue,” she continued. “So basically, you’re one of us for the time being. A hunter.”
“Yep,” Brynna said, barely containing her excitement. “He gave us a time limit.”
“Sunrise,” said Zaiah. I took in a deep breath and let it out in a snarl.
“Hmm, someone is grumpy,” said Brynna. She moved across the room and looked out the sliding glass door that led onto the balcony. “Someone hasn’t fed yet,” she sang. I growled and leaned against the stair railing that led downstairs. She turned to me. “This is my house, and if you break something, you’ll have to pay for it, got it?” I grunted. “Good. Oh, if you are wondering, it was Elijah who teleported you to us.” I nodded. She looked thoughtful. “I have blood bags in the fridge, but I’m thinking that’s not what you want, is it?” I didn’t answer her, just narrowed my eyes at her. She smirked. “I thought not.” She turned back to the sliding door and opened it. “I guess we should head out then.” Zaiah and Audrianna flashed to my side. I growled again and flashed out the door. I jumped the railing and landed in a crouch below. I straightened and inhaled the cool fresh air. “We didn’t interrupt anything, did we?”
“I was trying to corner a rogue,” I growled.
She swore under her breath. Then she went very still. “Raina is on it,” she finally said a minute later. “Come on,” she said and launched herself into the sky. I bit back another snarl and followed her into the air.
Ten minutes later, I dropped to the ground. In front of me was the club, with large red lettering against the black background of the sign that said, ‘Welcome to the Night Life.’ I snorted. How fucking pathetic. The two guards posted at the entrance glanced around. We stepped into the light. Brynna held out her hand to one of them. “Brynna Suphryn,” she said. “I’m here on Council business.”
“Council business?” one of the guards drawled. “Do you have a written statement?”
“No,” she said, reaching into her pocket and pulling out a folded piece of paper. “I, however, have this.” She held it out to him. He read whatever was on it and paled. She smiled. “Permit me entry, or I call the Council and tell them that you denied me access.” The two guards exchanged a look.
“I can’t trust you going in there and not killing everyone inside,” said the second guard.
“You have got to be kidding me,” she growled. She shoved the paper back in her pocket and glared at them. “My job,” she said slowly and calmly. “Is to hunt those who broke the laws and bring them in for judgment,” she said as if talking to a two-year-old. I stiffened as I caught a faint shift in the air. The two guards didn’t seem to notice five very angry hooded figures appearing several yards behind us, too focused on the hunter and not their surroundings. This was not going to end well. “So,” Brynna continued. “Permit us entrance into the club.”
“Sorry, no written statement, no entry,” the first guard said stubbornly.
“Okay, fine,” she snarled and step aside. Zaiah, Audrianna, and I did the same as the Council closed in on them.
“What the hell?!” both guards exclaimed in unison, a stake appearing in their hands. “Who—?”
“Put. It. Away,” Tristan growled. “Or you both die right here, right now.”
“Who are—?”
“Do you honestly need to ask that?!” he snapped. “Use what’s left of your brain and figure it out!” he snarled, and the air was sucked from me for a second as his energy hit me. It wrapped around me like a visor. The guards stumbled back, the stakes disappearing into their sleeves. “Much better,” Tristan growled softly. “Now, let these hunters inside.”
They got out of the way so fast you’d think the building was on fire. They didn’t even bother to open the double doors for us. Brynna smirked and pulled the doors open. We followed her into the loud club. I sensed the Council behind us as we made our way to the VIP section, and that was when everything went dead silent. Even the music got shut off. Every pair of eyes followed us all the way to the booth at the far end. The five Council members stood in a line against the wall behind us. Brynna leaned into me and whispered, “I have to admit, this is a little unnerving. Don’t you think?” I grunted and slid into the booth. She pushed me over and slid in beside me. The doors that led into a dark hallway suddenly slammed shut. The two guards who were manning the doors were propelled inside. To say the least, the club was on lockdown. No one was getting in, and no one was getting out. One of the Council members broke away from the wall and stalked to the door that led to the hall. I couldn’t tell who it was, and I wasn’t about to sniff and inhale to find out. I stiffened as I felt a pressure against my skull. It’s Evelyn, Avery growled. Then he was gone. Evelyn opened the door and disappeared from sight. A few seconds later, shouts and curses could be heard. I smiled. Well, well, well, what has Evelyn interrupted, I wonder. Not too soon, half-dressed vampires came through the doorway. Some of them were completely naked. “My poor eyes,” Brynna said, sighing heavily.
“Some of them are quite hot,” said Zaiah. I elbowed her. She winced. “What, I’m just saying.” She stiffened and muttered under her breath. She leaned back and waved at Evelyn as she came back out.
“What is going on?” one of the half-dressed vampires asked. He looked around the club and frowned.
“If you start thinking with your brain and not your dick, maybe it’ll come to you,” Brynna said loudly.
“Brynna!” Audrianna hissed. “Are you insane?”
“Perhaps,” she said, smirking.
“Who the fuck are you?” he asked, turning to face us.
Brynna sighed. “I might ask you the same thing.”
“Enough,” Tristan growled. The door to the back of the club slammed shut. “Henry?” A tall vampire in dark suit stepped from the shadows and walked over. I turned to watch. He stopped a few feet away from Tristan. “Have you been having problems in this club recently?”
“No, sir,” said Henry.
“No out-of-control feedings?”
“No, sir.”
“Are you quite sure?”
He looked uneasy and shifted slightly. “If there were, I haven’t heard anything, sir.” He hissed and jerked back, a surprised look on his face.
“Do you recognize him?”
Henry gulped and nodded rapidly. “Yes, yes sir. He comes here every night.”
“Is he here now?” he asked, a hint of a warning in his voice.
“I think so, but I’m not sure, sir.”
“Very well then. Hunters? Move.” I was out of that booth in a flash. The crowd screamed as we descended upon them. “Silence!” Tristan snarled. The crowd fell silent. It was like hitting a light switch. No one made a move as we searched the crowd for the rogue. I blinked and got a closer look at one of the vampires standing by the back exit. I frowned and walked to Tristan. I pointed to the back exit where he was standing.
“Wasn’t he one of the two rogues that tried to kill Trinity?” I asked.
“Yes,” he hissed. “Bring him over here.”
“On it,” I growled and moved in a blur. I grabbed the rogue by the throat and dragged him through the crowd. He kicked and punched me the whole way. I slammed him to the floor in front of the Council. One of them grabbed him and pulled him to his feet.
“Over there,” Elijah growled, gesturing to the back of the crowd. “Audrianna has him.” I nodded and went back to the booth. I silently growled to myself. I really needed to feed. What the hell do they serve in this god forsaken club anyways?
“That will be all,” said Tristan. Brynna put a hand on my arm and led me to the doors that led outside. I was expecting to step out, but instead, we were teleported. Brynna dropped her hand and muttered under her breath.
“I really hate being teleported without warning.” She walked downstairs and gestured for me to follow. I followed her to the kitchen. “Sit, I’ll get you blood. It will do for now until you can feed.” I grunted and dropped into a chair that she pulled out for me. She went to the refrigerator and opened it. That was when I felt a shift in the air. I didn’t have time to react as someone plunged a blade into my back. I screamed and tried to reach for whoever it was, but my whole body went numb, and I couldn’t feel anything. I fell out of my chair and onto the floor. “You! Son of a! Fucking! Bitch!” Brynna shouted. A scream that wasn’t my own pierced the air. Then my world spun, dragging me into blissful darkness.
Everything slowly and painfully came back to me. I groaned as blood filled my mouth. “Swallow,” someone said. I tried to make out who it was, but I was still out of it. I swallowed, and I was out again. The next thing I knew I was trying to break out of someone’s hold. I snarled, and pushed, and kicked, and got nowhere. I hissed and felt myself growing weaker by the second. My common sense returned, just barely. I blinked my eyes open and realized that Evelyn had her fangs in my neck.
“Evelyn,” I rasped.
She pulled back. “There you are,” she said, licking my blood from her lips. “I thought you were going to keep this up for another hour.”
“Let. Me. Kill. Him,” Brynna snarled. I pushed at Evelyn. That time, she got off of me. I slowly sat up and looked over at Brynna. She had her hand in the chest of the vampire who’d backstabbed me. The air stirred all around us and Elijah and Tristan appeared before us.
“Go on,” Tristan growled at Evelyn. She nodded and vanished.
“Let me kill him,” Brynna growled. “Please, just let me kill him.”
“Get your hand out of his chest, Brynna,” Tristan growled. She snarled, jerked her hand back, and stomped from the kitchen. Tristan removed his hood and stared past me. I slowly got up and turned. A huge ass knife was lying on the table, covered in my blood. I growled and snatched the blood bag off of the counter and plunged my fangs into it.
“Very… interesting,” Elijah said and picked up the knife. I crushed the now empty bag and tossed it at him. He dodged and caught it. He tossed it in the sink and growled at me. “Who’d want you dead, Tryn?”
I shrugged. “You tell me,” I said.
He walked over to the vampire on the floor and stabbed him. He was conscious in a heartbeat. He screamed as Elijah pulled the knife out and stabbed him again. “Does this hurt?” he asked and stabbed him for the third time.
“Yes, it does,” the vampire hissed. Suddenly, Brynna was back in the kitchen. He handed the knife to her. She took it, a dangerous glint in her fading red eyes.
“Every time he doesn’t answer my questions, or if he hesitates, stab him.”
“My pleasure,” she purred. The rogue was on his feet in a flash. I moved in a blur and slammed into him.
“Not so fast,” I snarled and punched his healed chest. He sucked in a sharp breath. I grudgingly got off of him and glared down at him.
“I have nothing to say to you,” he snarled, and then screamed as Brynna slashed his neck open. Tristan shoved another blood bag in my hand and pushed me into a chair.
“Too bad Brynna doesn’t have popcorn,” he growled and pulled a chair for himself. I stabbed my fangs into the bag and sipped at it. He leaned close to me and peered at my wound. I winced as he poked at it. He chuckled and leaned back, tugging the half empty bag from my fangs.
“Who are you?” Elijah asked as Tristan pressed his wrist to my mouth. I bit down, hard. He grunted.
“Not going to tell you jack shit,” the rogue growled. He screamed as Brynna stabbed him. Beside me, Tristan hissed. I withdrew my fangs and finished off the bag of blood. It was weird feeling your own wound knitting together.
“Name?” Elijah growled.
“Fuck you.” Again, Brynna stabbed him. She looked over at me.
“Want a turn?” she asked, holding the knife out to me. Tristan snatched the empty bag from me and pushed me out of my chair. I got up before I could fall on my ass. I went to Brynna’s side and took the knife from her. “Just don’t cut out his heart yet.”
“I’ll try,” I drawled. I glanced up at Elijah and Tristan. They looked like they were about to pounce on the helpless rogue who was currently bleeding out on the floor. I jabbed the tip of the blade into his heart. “Name?” I asked as he let out a bloodcurdling scream.
“Brice,” he gasped.
“Who do you work for?” Elijah snarled.
“You can’t—” He screamed and snarled as I made an incision in his heart. An iron grip clamped around my wrist, and I winced. Tristan pulled my hand back and stuck his finger into the wound. All the while, the rogue continued to scream. He released me, and I stabbed him in the stomach instead. Both he and Elijah hissed as blood flew into the air and rained down on all of us. Tristan grabbed the rogue by the throat and dug his fingers deep into it. He writhed and thrashed. Brynna body slammed into him and held him immobile.
“Who do you work for?” she asked sweetly. “Tell us or he rips off your head.”
“There’s no need,” Tristan said softly. “I’ll just… take a little peek…” He shoved Brynna off of him. She grumbled and took the knife from me.
“I get to kill him, right?” she asked.
He ignored her and stared deeply into Brice’s eyes. “I could make this very easy,” he whispered. “Or very painful.” He moved Brice into a sitting position and jerked his head back. “You either tell us who you are working for or I blow your mind wide open, the choice is yours.” Brice hissed and screamed as I punched my hand into his chest. I grunted as the air around us grew even more charged. Tristan snarled, baring his fangs. “I am going to rip your throat out if you don’t start talking in five seconds.”
“Sairis,” Brice snarled.
Tristan smirked. “There now, was that so bad?” He laughed darkly and went for the bleeding gash. Brice screamed as Elijah sank his fangs into his wrist, and Brynna slashed his stomach opened, reaching inside. I would have pulled out his heart, but Tristan’s grip on my arm was painful. He pulled back and let go of me. I looked at him questioningly. He nodded stiffly. I smirked, and tore out Brice’s heart. Brynna snatched it from me and threw it at the wall where it slowly made its way downward to the floor, leaving a nice trail of blood.
“Hey, Elijah, can I keep the heart as a trophy?” she asked.
Elijah withdrew his fangs and licked his lips. “No, you may not,” he growled.
“But why not?”
“Because I said so.” She muttered something under her breath. “Be a good girl and go feed.”
“Yes, sire,” she grumbled. She held out her hand to me. “Wanna join me?” I nodded and let her pull me up. She looked at Tristan. “By the way, where are Zaiah and Audri?”
“They are with Byron.”
“Huh? What are they doing with him?” she asked in confusion.
“No idea.”
“Well, you’re very helpful,” she muttered. I walked to the door and opened it. Brynna sighed and flashed through the door. I stepped out and let it slam shut. She cursed and stalked down the driveway. I didn’t say anything as I followed her to wherever she was going, and by the sounds of her grumbling and muttering, she was very agitated, and I was just simply hungry.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-one

SAMANTHA

Busted, busted, busted, I silently groaned to myself. I massaged my stiff neck and staggered to the barred door. I glared at it. There was no doorknob, and I sure as hell couldn’t break it. I most likely would injure myself before I could make a mark on it. I jerked back and fell to the floor as the door slowly opened. I scuttled back until I hit the reinforced steel concrete wall. I looked up to meet the cold eyes of Evelyn. “Branson,” she said and came in. She closed the door behind her, and I was starting to feel a little claustrophobic with her in the little room with me. “We are going to have a little talk, you and I.” I opened my mouth to speak, but nothing came out. She laughed softly. “Sorry about your neck,” she said and handed me a shot glass-sized cup of blood. I wondered whose blood it was as I took it from her and downed it. She took the cup from me and disappeared, no, not through the door, but into thin air. I cleared my throat and coughed. I didn’t even get a chance to gather myself before she was back. I inwardly groaned. “Now, do you know where Sairis is?” I shook my head. She inhaled deeply and let it out slowly. “Who is Rotag to you?”
“He’s nothing to me.”
“What about Delilah, what is he to her?”
“Just a tool, I suppose.”
She chuckled. “You’re being truthful. I wonder if your sire will be as well.”
“I doubt it,” I mumbled.
“Just to let you know, you are three hundred and fifty feet underground.” I nodded. “Everything is soundproof, and all the walls are impenetrable.” She pulled me to my feet, and everything went dark. “So, your chance of escaping or trying for that matter is impossible.” I looked around and found myself surrounded by more concrete. “This place is monitored and wired with over five hundred thousand volts worth of electricity.” She led me into another room; this one was more like a conference room than anything. “Have a seat.” I pulled out a chair and sat down. I stared at the tabletop, like it could reveal my future for me. “Your mind is your own,” she continued. “If you wish it to remain that way, Branson, you will tell me everything, leaving nothing out.” I nodded. “If these whispers in your head become frantic, I will not hesitate to zero in. Do you understand?”
“I understand,” I whispered.
She took a deep breath and went around the table and sat across from me. “Good, because I would hate to snap your neck again.”
“Five times is always the charm,” I grumbled.
Her eyes narrowed. “Is it now?”
I swallowed. “No, no, I was just saying,” I stammered.
“To tell you the truth, if one of my brothers were here instead of me, they would snap your neck in a blink.” She smirked and then tilted her head to the side. I stiffened as the eerie presence of another vampire drew closer. The door was still open, so I turned my head to find Tristan staring at me. My throat seemed too closed on its own accord, and I couldn’t even breathe in air. He stopped in the doorway, that creepy stare never leaving me, and he was covered in blood. “Well, didn’t expect you to be back so soon.” He didn’t say anything, just continued to stare at me. I blinked and realized that his eyes were flashing white every ten seconds or so. What the hell? “Are you going to just stand there?” I looked at him intently. The muscles in his neck looked like they were going to burst. I couldn’t look away to find out if all his muscles were bunched up. I could see the blue veins in his neck and knew that his stiff posture and muscles locking in place kept him from flying at me. He took another step into the room, and it took all my willpower to remain in my chair. I felt Evelyn getting up, but she didn’t move. I couldn’t stop myself from trembling slightly as he slowly made his way over to me. I leaned away from him until my side hit the table. I slowly shifted and stood up, pushing the chair from between us, all the while my gaze stay glued to his. He came closer, and I couldn’t get enough air in me to speak. I gasped as his cool fingers pressed against my pulse.
“You have a death wish, don’t you,” he said softly. I could barely understand the words he was saying. His fingers pressed harder against my throat. A whimper escaped me as his energy enveloped me. He reluctantly pulled his hand away and caged me, barring any attempt to break free. I heard the door close, and I let out a moan. Then I felt the pressure in my head. “Let me show you something,” he whispered. Then images exploded in my head. It was so fast that I couldn’t tell what I was seeing. Suddenly, it stopped on an image of a park. “Do you remember what happened?” he asked, his breath tickling my ear, which only amped up my fear even more. Tristan growled, and I felt the tips of his fangs on the side of my neck. “No?” he continued and licked my neck. The images moved slowly, and I mentally braced myself. “Tell me when you start to remember.” His fangs pressed a little harder, but didn’t break the skin as the images continued to solidify. In the images he was showing me, there were children playing, and one of them wandered into the trees. Then the child’s frightened face filled my head, and everything came back to me in a rush. The images vanished, and Tristan was now breathing hard against my throat. He snarled and air rushed passed me and something hard hit my back. His hand was around my throat, crushing my windpipe. He was holding me arm’s length and his eyes were no longer flashing, but they were completely white. Evelyn still stood where she was, unmoving. I stared into Tristan’s white eyes, and wondered what it meant.
“His beast has taken over,” Evelyn whispered.
Tristan gasped in air and released me. I stood frozen to the wall and watched as he doubled over and let out an animalistic snarl. He panted and straightened up, his eyes back to that black and flashing white. “Tell me about the little girl,” he gasped. Evelyn was suddenly standing between us, her hands on his chest, preparing to send him flying if need be.
“What—?” I began to say, but Evelyn hissed, cutting me off.
“Not a great time to be asking questions,” she snarled. “You’re a little too late in that department.” I gulped and winced as my neck throbbed painfully. “Start telling the story or I’ll let him finish you off with no trial to speak of.” She hissed and strained against his attempt to get at me. “You can even start with 'Once upon a time, on a beautiful spring night.’” Tristan groaned, and he broke out in a sweat, which made it even harder for me to get words out. He hissed and tried to go for Evelyn’s throat, but her hand flashed to his, and she winced. “Five seconds, Branson,” she warned. “I won’t be able to hold him back much longer.”
I took in a deep breath. “I follow her into the trees. I was starving,” I gasped. “And you know what happened.”
“But we want to hear it from you,” she growled. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Elijah, Brynna, and Trynnadon appeared. Tristan snarled, and Elijah moved in a blur in front of Brynna, who shrank back. Elijah snarled and pushed Tristan into Evelyn, who held him in a tight embrace. Then his eyes met mine. He laughed darkly. He reached past Evelyn and grabbed me, pulling me from behind her. Air again rushed past me, and I slammed into the opposite wall.
“I—”
“It’s so wonderful that you finally remembered what happened,” Elijah drawled. “So how did it come about? Did you finally open up to yourself, or was it Tristan who pulled it deftly from your poor, traumatized mind?” He bared his fangs and snapped at me. “I would so much love to bleed you, but that would be a poor choice on my part, given the situation we are currently in,” he growled. “But let me show you the rest,” he said softly. Then the images came back to life inside my head. I whimpered as the images slowly played out, the little girl’s terrified face, and me ripping her throat out. “So refreshing, isn’t it?” he asked as the images vanished. “Tell me, what was her name?”
“I-I don’t know,” I squeaked.
He let go of me and stepped back. “I should kill you,” he said. “Right here, right now.” He leapt into the air and dropped on Tristan, sending him to the floor. “But sometimes,” he continued, “even you get to have a say in a trial.” He laughed and slammed Tristan’s head against the floor, hard enough to knock him out. “Evelyn, lock her back up,” he said and both he and Tristan disappeared.
“You stupid bitch,” Brynna snarled, and white-hot pain exploded in my head as she bashed my head into the wall. “I hope you fucking die, you impotent little fucker.” Then darkness sucked me in.

BRYNNA

“That’s enough, Brynna,” Elijah growled from behind me. I snarled at him. “I said enough. Let go of her. Now.” I growled and slammed Samantha’s head into the concrete wall one last time and threw her across the room. I tore my gaze from her. “Go upstairs. I’ll be there in a minute.”
“But—”
“Up. Stairs. Now.”
I growled and stomped from the room. “I really hate you!” I shouted back at him. I sped up the multiple flights of stairs and kicked the last door open. I stalked down the hall and into the living room, where Avery and Adalyn were eyeing me intently. Adalyn gave me a questioning look. “Don’t ask,” I grumbled and continued on my way to the front door.
“What happened?” she asked.
“Nothing,” I muttered and pulled the door open, letting in the cool fresh air. Suddenly, Avery was in front of me, blocking my way. “Get out of my way,” I growled.
“Where do you think you’re going?” he asked, narrowing his eyes.
“I’m going to find someone and kill them,” I snapped. “Now get out of my way.”
“Or what?” he growled. I snarled and pushed him out the door. Before I could go after him, I felt Elijah behind me. He grabbed me and pulled me from the doorway. It slammed shut, and Avery reappeared back inside. I cursed and dug my fingers into Elijah’s arm and pushed. He grunted and wrenched my arms behind my back.
“Um, what happened?” Adalyn asked.
“Let me go!” I yelled.
“Leave,” Elijah growled. I sensed them leaving, and my struggles grew frantic. I screeched as the floor rushed up to meet me. I turned my head just in time. I hissed as the side of my head impacted with the floor.
“Let me go,” I groaned.
“You are not going anywhere until you calm down,” he said through gritted teeth.
“Why did you stop me from killing that fucking bitch?” I asked and squirmed, trying to get free.
“You know exactly why,” he growled.
“But I want to kill something,” I whined and grimaced.
“I know, sweetheart,” he said softly.
I groaned. “Let me up at least.”
“Will you behave?” I grunted. “Brynna,” he growled.
“I will,” I said through gritted teeth. He got off of me, and I was up in a blink. I spun around to face him. I snarled and lunged at him. I hit him in the chest, sending him to the floor, hard. I punched him in the stomach. Air whooshed out of him, and I found myself flying. I did a flip in the air and met him halfway. He grabbed me and slammed me to the floor. I hissed and freed one of my arms and slammed my forearm into his throat. I squirmed and sat up as best as I could. Then pain lanced through me. I blinked and looked at my arm. Blood was trickling out of two little puncture holes. I groaned and panted as the pain slowly spread up my arm. He licked the blood, closing the bite wound in the process, but the pain lingered. My arm fell weakly on my stomach as I fell back to the floor. I closed my eyes and held back a scream as the pain grew. Everything felt hot, and the pounding of my heart grew louder and louder in my ears. “Stop it,” I moaned. “I swear, I’ll behave myself,” I gasped as cold sweat broke out all over me. I felt myself sitting up, only his arms around me kept me from falling backward. I felt his mouth pressed hard against my throat. Then the sharp tips of his fangs pierced my neck. I let out a half groan and half sigh as a warm sensation spread throughout my whole body. “Now I absolutely hate you,” I muttered. He pulled back, and I opened my eyes to look at him. “You didn’t have to bite me,” I grumbled. His eyes flashed, and I looked away. I sighed. “I’m sorry,” I mumbled. “I should know better than to provoke you.”
“That is quite alright,” he said and took in a deep breath. He got up, pulling me with him. He led me to the couch and gently pushed me onto it. He stared at me intently. When I didn’t do anything, he disappeared into the kitchen. He was back with a couple of blood bags in his hands. He handed one to me and sat down beside me. I shifted uncomfortably and ripped into the bag, feeling his eerie stare on me. I heard him crushing up the bag, but that creepy stare never left me. “I am going after Sairis, and I would like you to accompany me,” he said, tugging my empty bag from me.
“What!?” I shouted. He winced. “Sorry sorry,” I said quickly. I turned to look at him. “Why me? Why not Zaiah? I’m sure she would like to go.” He looked at me as if I were stupid. I huffed. “What?”
“You shoved Avery out the front door,” he said slowly. “And you tried to get away from me.”
“Oh,” I breathed and leaned back on the couch. “Does this mean I get to kill someone?” I asked hopefully.
“Yes,” he sighed.
“Great, I’m definitely in then.” His eyes narrowed. “I know, I know,” I said, sighing. “I have to do whatever you say, no questions asked,” I muttered. “I know the rules.”
“Sometimes, I think you don’t,” he growled.
“But I can’t help it,” I said. “I have to kill something.”
“I know that as well,” he said dryly. He got up and disappeared into the kitchen again.
“What about Tristan?” I asked.
“He will not join us tonight.”
“When are we leaving?” He came into the living room and opened the door. I got up and went over to him. He sniffed the air and inhaled deeply. “How do you know where Sairis is? She could be hiding out in a cave for all we know.”
“A little birdie by the name of Delilah told me,” he said.
I frowned up at him. “She did?”
He smirked. “Not exactly.”
“Let me guess,” I drawled, following him outside. “You ripped her memory bank wide opened.”
“Mmm, that I did.”
“Are we teleporting?”
“We will walk for now. I need a breather.” He looked back at me. “You need it as well.”
“I don’t need—”
“Brynna,” he growled.
I sighed. “Whatever you say,” I grumbled.
He turned completely around to face me. I came to an abrupt stop, biting my lower lip. “You keep this up, sweetheart,” he said softly. I had to strain to hear him. “You might just find out how close I am to snapping.” I gulped and looked away again. “If you want to come, be silent and do as I say.”
“Yes, sire,” I mumbled.
“Come,” he said, and I followed, keeping my mouth shut, because one more word out of me might just as well get me killed.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-two

We kept walking in silence. The cool wind brushed against me, and I won’t lie. It felt awesome against my face. I breathed it in and savored the freshness of it. We walked another block before Elijah turned to me. He held out his hand, and I took it. The moment my hand made contact, everything went dark. We appeared on top of a rooftop. I looked down and glowered at the dirty alley several feet below us. I grunted and pulled away from my sire. I crossed the rooftop, scanning our surroundings. “Where are we?” I asked cautiously.
“Feed,” he said tightly.
I turned to him. “What?”
He groaned. “You. Heard. Me.” I muttered under my breath and leapt from the roof, landing silently. Elijah was beside me before I could even blink. I straightened, tilted my head back, and sniffed. I followed a scent to the end of the alley where a human was just about to head through a door. I whistled and she stopped, turning to face me. I let my compulsion roll her.
“No screaming, no fighting me,” I said softly and stepped closer, putting my hands on her shoulders. Leaning in, I sank my fangs into her neck. She gasped, but didn’t scream as I drew the warm, sweet blood down my throat. Behind me, Elijah stood absolutely still. I quickly gulped her blood down. When she went limp, I caught her before she could fall, and I reluctantly withdrew my fangs. I licked at the wound and finally lowered her to the ground. Elijah stepped closer to me, way too close for my liking at the moment. I jumped as he put a hand on my shoulder. The jolt was like sticking your finger into a socket. I licked the blood off of my lips and slowly turned. I put my hand on his and squeezed it. “Why didn’t you leave me?” I asked in a whisper. He didn’t answer, but instead led me out of the alley. I tried to pull my hand from his, but I couldn’t. He gripped it tighter, and I winced. He brought my hand to his mouth, and I hissed as his fangs sank into my wrist. He gave it a long pull and withdrew it. He swallowed and licked my wound closed. I grumbled and glared at him. I jerked my hand away. He smirked. “I hate you,” I said through gritted teeth.
“You’ve told me that a million times already,” he said, still growling.
“Humph.” I walked past him, but he put out a hand to stop me. “What—?” I shook my head after the darkness lifted. “Why can’t you warn me?” I grumbled.
“Silence,” he hissed. I was about to ask him why when I heard voices in the distance. I stiffened. “Sairis is inside,” he growled. “I believe you can take out everyone in the front?” I nodded rapidly. “Do it quickly and as quietly as you can,” he said and disappeared into the shadows.
I hissed and cloaked my presence. Walking up to the house, I did a quick head count. Seven, damn it. Why seven? Why not one? Or at most, two? I muttered under my breath and snatched the nearest vampire. I had his heart in my hand before a warning shout could escape him. I threw him into the shadows and went for the next nearest one. I grabbed her and hauled her away from the others, my hand clamped tightly over her mouth. She hissed and elbowed me in the ribs, and yes, it did hurt. She dug her long ass nails into my arm and sliced it open. I winced. Fuck, what a great way to remain inconspicuous. I dragged her deeper into the woods surrounding the house. She growled and sank her fangs into my hand. I laughed softly. I threw her to the ground and put my foot on her throat. “So,” I whispered, watching the long gash in my arm close up. “You are going to do something for me.” If she could get air to speak, she would have told me to fuck off. I moved my foot from her throat and yanked her to her feet. She gulped in air and snarled at me. “Uh uh, none of that now,” I said sweetly. I heard a growl from behind me, but I ignored it. “Here’s what you are going to do,” I continued as my sire stepped up behind me. She bared her fangs and hissed at him. “You are going to go back and bring the rest of the guards to me.”
“Who the—?” Her expression went blank as the compulsion hit her.
“Do as you’re told,” Elijah growled.
“Of course,” she said in a monotone. I let her go and watched as she walked back to the rest of the guards. “I said quickly,” he hissed at me.
I turned around to look at him. His hands and mouth were covered in blood. “But you also said as quietly as I can,” I hissed back at him.
He growled and his nostrils flared. He leaned into me and inhaled deeply. I stumbled away from him. His eyes flashed white. I gulped and held my breath. When his eyes were back to their normal black, he groaned and snatched my hand. I yelped. He yanked me to him and tossed me into the air. I flew ten feet away and landed hard. I gasped and slowly sat up. There was a whoosh a second later. Fire roared up and brightened the surroundings. I shielded my eyes and scooted back. Elijah pulled me farther away until I couldn’t feel the heat of the fire. “Okay,” I groaned. “You can kill me now.”
He snarled in my ear. “Shut. Up. Right. Now.” His grip on me tightened, and I tried not to let out a whimper. His hand on my arm felt like ice, and it felt like it was seeping into me, although I knew that it really wasn’t. He inhaled and exhaled sharply, and I watched in fascination as a blue streak flew through the air at lightning speed. It made a loud sizzling sound as it hit the fire, snuffling it out with a pop. “Stay here,” he growled. I nodded. “I mean it, Brynna.”
“I promise I’ll stay here,” I said, sighing. “If you come back, and I’m not here, you can go all sire-y on me, not that you haven’t already.” He let out a freezing breath against my neck. “Elijah,” I whined. “I swear, I promise, I won’t go anywhere.” He cursed and let go of my arm. He got up and looked down at me. “Where are you going?”
“I’m going to grab Sairis.”
I nodded. “Go, before she gets away.” He nodded. Giving me one last warning look, he disappeared into thin air. I grumbled and moved to a tree and leaned against it, closing my eyes. I don’t know how long I waited, but my eyes snapped open as Elijah reappeared with a struggling vampire I presumed to be Sairis. He held out his hand to me, and I took it. He pulled me up, and then everything went dark.
“Oh, sweet,” Kira said, jumping up from the couch and rushing over to us. She pulled me from Elijah and flipped Sairis off before pulling me into the bathroom. “Wipe the blood off,” she said quickly and disappeared. Um, okay then, I silently muttered to myself and did as I was told. I came back out into the living room to find Sairis wrapped in chains and silently shrieking her head off. I shuddered. Elijah, free of blood, stood over her. Kira, on the other hand, looked about ready to bounce off the walls.
“Are you yourself today?” I asked her.
“Her blood reeks of sugar,” said Elijah.
“Oh,” I said. “That’s wonderful.” He groaned. “Okay, I guess not.” I laughed. “What did you eat?”
“Triple chocolate chunks cookies,” Kira answered brightly.
I groaned. “You have got to be kidding me.”
“Nope.”
I sniffed in her direction and groaned again. “Please, please, please tell me that you didn’t eat the whole box.”
“Oh, she did,” said a voice behind me.
I hissed and spun around. “Ugh!” I said and punched Tristan in the stomach. He hissed and doubled over. Kira laughed and flashed over to him. Okay, this was beginning to be a little creepy for my taste. Tristan straightened and walked over to Elijah and Sairis. “You,” I said, pointing a finger at her. “Go make yourself throw up.”
She huffed and pointed a finger at me in turn. “You,” she said. “Go and get lost.”
“Girls,” Elijah growled. I grumbled and flipped her off. “That’s enough.”
“Do us all a favor and both of you sit down,” said Tristan. Kira and I glowered at each other, but we did what we were told, and sat down. “Now then.” He bent down and stroked Sairis on the cheek. “You must be in so much pain,” he drawled. That she was, sweat poured off of her, her expression was that of agony. She convulsed and tears spilled down the sides of her face. “Awww,” he said and straightened, the end of the chain in his hand. He pulled it off, and I winced as I saw the burns all over her. Some of them were still smoking slightly. Kira sucked in a sharp breath and let it out in a hiss. Then the house was filled with screams. My hands flew to my ears, and I cringed away from it. Finally, her screams died down into a moan. Kira, looking relieved, leaned back against the couch and glared at Sairis. “You probably have a lot of questions for us,” Tristan said softly. “Please, do ask.” He tossed the chain into the metal box and slammed it shut.
“Nothing?” Elijah asked after a long moment of nothing coming from her. Both he and Tristan grimaced as we all felt the sun slowly rising behind the heavy curtains blocking out the outside world. Tristan grunted, and all the lights went out. “Well, well, well, I believe there are a few people you’d like to see.” I almost choked on air as the room all of a sudden went from as normal as it could be to supercharge. Evelyn with Samantha, Avery with Delilah, and Taylor with Rotag appeared before us. Sairis hissed.
“Now, that is more like it,” Tristan hissed. I heard a sound, and I turned my head to see Trynnadon and Ashley coming to a stop beside the couch. Ashley fell sideways, righted herself, and made herself comfortable on the couch beside me. I turned back to the scene unfolding in front of me. Tristan moved at lightning speed and yanked Rotag from Taylor. There was a sound of steel scraping metal, and then I saw the lethal blade a few inches from Rotag’s throat. Sairis let out a cry. He laughed softly. “I have to say, you chose well.”
“He is mine,” Sairis snarled.
“Oh, we are all aware of that,” he said in a very annoyed tone.
“Who the fuck are you?” she hissed.
“Good question, who are we? Want to take a guess?”
She spat. “Hunters,” she growled.
Evelyn laughed. “The only hunter in this room is her,” she said, nodding at me. “Good guess, though. Want to give it another shot?” When she didn’t answer, Tristan grabbed the back of Rotag’s head, hard. He let out a hiss.
“Tell me you’re not stupider than your own mind slave,” Tristan growled. “Because I hate to see you go without a proper education.” He moved the blade closer. “Who are we, Sairis?” he asked in a barely audible voice.
“The Council,” she said shakily.
Tristan smiled evilly. I shuddered as a cold chill went through me. “You are exactly right.” He moved the blade dangerously closer to Rotag’s neck.
“Let him go,” she whispered. “He has nothing to do with this.”
“Is that how you see it?” he asked, still in that barely audible tone.
“He has nothing to do with this,” she insisted.
The blade suddenly vanished from his hand. He turned Rotag to face him. “You know the rules. You know what’s at stake. You know all of this, but yet, you overstep your boundaries. What are we to do with that, hmm?” By that time, Ashley was agitated. She couldn’t hear what was being said, and she so desperately wanted to know. I put a hand on her arm. She looked at me. I’ll tell you later, I whispered in her head. Right now is so not the time. She nodded and leaned back, her head hitting the wall with a soft thump. Tristan put a finger to Rotag’s pulse.
“Let him go,” Sairis said, that time with a hint of desperation in her voice.
Tristan leaned in and inhaled deeply. “I think I will not,” he said and sighed. “You brainwashed him so nicely that he has no clue that he’s in… potential danger,” he said, loud enough that Ashley could hear him that time. “You know what the outcome is for creating a mind slave, do you not?” I watched as his half-extended fangs extended to their full length. She sat up. “Don’t. Move,” he hissed. “Or I will put you back in chains.”
She stiffened and her eyes widened. “What are you going to do?”
“Nothing that will hurt him,” he said, and drove his fangs into Rotag’s neck. I clapped a hand over Ashley’s mouth, muffling her scream. Sairis on the other hand, no such luck. She screamed as Rotag’s life-force was quickly drained from him. He tossed the lifeless corpse aside. And snarled. Taylor appeared out of nowhere, snatched the lifeless body of Rotag, and disappeared with it. I shuddered and realized that Kira and Ashley were pressed up against me. I grimaced. Tristan sent Sairis flying, and she crashed hard into the reinforced door that led into the basement. She shrieked as over five hundred thousand volts of electricity coursed throughout her body. She convulsed violently, and then went still a few seconds later. I blinked and noticed the sound of pants, growls, hisses, and snarls. I turned my head, and all eyes were focused on Ashley, the only human in the room.
“Get Ashley out of here!” Kira shouted. Trynnadon yanked Ashley and flashed from the living room as five very angry, very hungry vampires came at us. Of course, I screamed. I whipped out my knife and frantically fumbled to get it open. Once it was, I had it up in time to make contact with Evelyn. She screeched and flew off of me.
“Kira,” I screamed. “Please tell me that Tristan gave you a silver blade.” Her eyes widened, and she stuffed her shaking hand into her pocket. “Quickly,” I yelled, and my hand shot out in time to stop Elijah from ripping out her throat. He screamed and fell back.
“I got it!” she shouted. I jumped and landed on Tristan, my knife made contact with his neck, but I should have known that he wasn’t going down without a fight.
“Get the basement door open!” I yelled at her.
“I’m trying!” she screeched and pricked Avery with the tip of the blade. I screamed as Tristan rolled me under him. I stabbed him. He screamed, and darted for my neck. Son of a fucking bitch. I kept screaming as I felt my neck being torn open. Suddenly, the front door flew open. Ari, Loria, Jayr, Adalyn, Isabelle, Tory, and Raina came storming in. Kira stabbed Elijah and managed to get the door closed. Raina hissed and kicked Tristan off of me. I slapped my hand over the gash in my neck and struggled to my feet. Someone got both doors to the basement open. Loria snatched Sairis and flashed down the hall, disappearing through the door that led underground. Delilah and Samantha were both unconscious. Ari snatched them both up and followed her. I grabbed Tristan and helped Raina drag him downstairs while we both repeatedly poked him with the blade. I dropped the blade and pulled out a gun. I aimed and fired it into him. He jerked once, and went limp.
“Shit,” Raina panted. “Why didn’t I think of that?” She pulled out her own and fired off a shot into Elijah’s skull. Jayr hissed and threw Evelyn down the stairs. Isabelle gritted her teeth and kicked Taylor after her.
“Avery!” I shouted. “Downstairs! Now! Or I put one in your head, too!” I pointed my gun at him. Actually, seven guns were trained on him, including mine. Taylor and Evelyn snarled, and they both got a round in them. Avery!” I repeated. “Focus!” He convulsed violently and snarled. I saw a brief black in that white, and I moved slowly up the stairs, my gun still trained on him. “If he makes a move on me, just shoot him,” I panted. When his eyes flashed back to black, I pistol whipped him. “Focus,” I said. “Please,” I groaned. “You can do it, Avery. Fight it.” He snarled, and launched himself down the stairs. The rest were out of that basement before you could say what the hell. We slammed the doors shut, and let out a collective sigh of relief.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-three

ASHLEY

I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t move. The strangling suffocating air was like a noose around my neck. Breathe Ashley, breathe, I told myself. “You okay?” I looked up as Ari walked over and crouched before me.
“Yeah,” I gasped, hugging myself. “Everything okay now?”
She nodded. “As okay as it will ever be.”
I laughed nervously, and my stomach chose that time to growl. I blushed. She laughed. “Sorry,” I muttered. “I haven’t eaten since…” I frowned. “Yesterday? The day before?”
She winced and growled at me. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
“I was a little too… uh…”
“Overexcited?” she offered.
“Yeah, I suppose.”
“How long have I been sitting here?” I asked.
“An hour,” she said. “I believe Tristan and the others have their unquenchable thirsts under control by now.”
“So it’s safe for me to be around them again?”
She nodded. “Let’s go inside.” I nodded and got to my feet. Trynnadon stepped out of nowhere and followed us into the house.
“Have you been watching me all this time?” I asked him.
He smirked. “I have,” he growled. I went to the couch and plopped down.
“Oh, good,” Brynna breathed. “You’re still here,” she said to me. “If something were to happen to you…” She coughed. “I’m just glad to see you in one piece.”
“Why, thank you,” I said. “Does Tristan have food?” I asked as my stomach rumbled. “Please tell me he has food.”
“Er…” said Kira. She cleared her throat. “He only has water,” she mumbled. “There was a box of cookies, but I ate them all.”
“Well, you’re no help,” I grumbled. I heard a beep, and the basement door opened. “Speak of the devil,” I muttered under my breath as Tristan stepped through the door and closed it behind him.
“Tristan,” said Ari. “You should start stocking your kitchen with human food, you know.” We both glared at her. She shrugged. “What, I was just trying to help.”
“I can grab you McDonalds,” said Kira. “If you like, that is.”
I blushed… again. I groaned as this drew Tristan’s gaze my way. “But, but, but—”
She put up a finger. “But nothing. What do you want?”
“I think you should get her a quadruple quarter pounder,” said Brynna.
“I don’t think they have that,” I said.
“Compulsion,” she said, covering it with a cough. Tristan leveled a death glare on her. She put out her hands. “It was just a suggestion,” she said quickly.
“Regular,” I said to Kira. “Large.” She got up and held out her hand to Tristan expectantly. “Oh my god,” I groaned. “I’m already embarrassed enough already.”
Tristan stared at Kira’s outstretched hand. “Ten bucks?” she asked. I groaned. “Fifteen?” She pouted. “Twenty?” He just looked at her with a blank expression. “Pretty please?” A bill appeared in his hand, and he slapped it into her outstretched palm. She looked at it. “Awww, I was hoping you would give me a twenty.” She sniffed and walked to the front door. “Be back in a flash,” she said and disappeared.
“Did Kira just ask her own sire for money?” Brynna asked.
“Why not?” Elijah growled from my left. I squeaked. “You do it all the time.”
“I do not,” she protested.
Elijah sighed and disappeared. “Jade and Zaiah are underground,” he said from somewhere I couldn’t make out.
“Can I watch?” I asked.
“No!” eight voices said in unison.
I grimaced. “Okay, okay, I was just asking.” The front door opened, and Kira stepped through. “Wow, that was quick,” I said. “Did you mind whammy the line?”
She grunted and set the bag and my drink on the table. She pushed it over to me and smirked. “Maybe just a little,” she said. I moved the bag closer to me and dug in. “Can I keep the change?” she asked. Tristan grunted with an I-don’t-care sound. I blinked as someone stole a fry, but it was too quick for me to see who it was. I glared around the room.
Brynna cleared her throat. “Okay, I did it.” I snorted and took a long pull of my drink. Kira ruffled my hair and shot Tristan a glare. He sighed and tore his gaze from me. “So.” Brynna shot him a questioning look. “When is the trial?” I stiffened.
“Sunset,” Tristan growled. I glanced at the window. “Tomorrow,” he said, following my gaze. I nodded and went back to my fries.
“So what about that blood reading?” Kira asked me. I stop chewing. Shit, I had totally forgotten about that. I groaned and swallowed. She chuckled. “You haven’t thought much about it, I assume?” I nodded. I sipped at my Coke and looked at Tristan questioningly.
“What exactly is a blood reading?” I asked carefully.
“Yeah, what is that? I’m curious, too.” Kira blew out a breath on the back of my neck, and I cringed.
“It’s where a member of the Council bites you. He or she will be able to differentiate if you are telling the truth or not through your blood,” said Trynnadon.
I blinked. “They already can tell if I’m telling the truth or not,” I said.
“I could,” said Tristan. “But you won’t be able to lie at all through blood reading. I could read your mind, but I will not take the time to figure out what are truths and what are lies.”
“Compel me?” I shuddered at the thought.
“Then you’ll have no choice but to tell the truth.”
“Does the blood reading have to be done during the trial?” I asked and swallowed my last fry. I got up as Kira took my trash. “Thanks,” I said to her and walked into the kitchen. I washed my hands and stiffened as someone came up behind me. Drying my hands, I turned. Tossing the paper towel into the trashcan, I went over to Tristan, stopping a few feet away from him.
“No,” he finally answered.
“Can I just get it done and over with? Like… now?”
“You would prefer that?”
I gulped and nodded. “Yeah.”
“Very well then.” I nodded, but he didn’t move toward me. I walked back into the living room. All eyes turned to me.
“Don’t say anything,” I said. Then they all looked past me. I went over to a door that I hadn’t noticed before. I opened it and walked inside. Of course, it was dark. I was about to look for a light switch when the light overhead turned on. I walked farther into the room and looked around. The room was dim, but I could still make out a long table with a bunch of chains, guns, knives, and bottles of stuff I didn’t even want to know. I went over to the table and picked up one of the knives.
“Please do not touch the blade.” I turned, and Tristan was standing in the doorway. I looked at the silver blade in confusion. They looked extremely sharp on both sides. He moved into the room, and the door closed behind him. “Put it back.” I put the knife back on the table and moved to the chains. I reached out to touch one, but Tristan knocked my hand away. He sighed. “All the stuff in here, you can’t touch it.”
“I can’t?” I asked, frowning. I heard the door open, and Elijah came in.
“Is she snooping?” he growled.
“Yes, she is,” Tristan drawled.
“Don’t touch anything in here. If you do…” Elijah winced. “You’ll wish for death. That’s all I’m going to say.” He narrowed his eyes on me and looked at Tristan. I shifted nervously. “Blood reading before the trial?” He shrugged. “Well, I’ll leave that up to you then,” he said and disappeared into thin air. I mentally shook myself and walked to the door. Once I reached it, I couldn’t open it. I slowly turned and almost squeaked at the sight of Tristan a foot away from me.
“Are you sure, Ashley?” he growled.
I sighed and swallowed hard. “How much blood?” I mumbled and fought the panic within me from rising. His eyes flashed, and I pressed myself into the door.
“A drop.”
I nodded. “But you want more than a drop,” I whispered shakily and wished the floor would just open up and swallow me whole.
He closed the short distance between us in a blink. I gasped. “Don’t ever ask that question when you know the answer,” he said slowly. “Last chance. Are you sure?” I nodded. He moved me away from the door. He opened it. “When I release you,” he growled. “I want you to run out of this room, got it?” I nodded. “No, hesitating, or I will kill you.” I nodded again. He snarled, and I gasped at the sharp stinging pain in my neck. Then I felt a cold breeze hitting me, and I realized that he was across the room. So I turned and ran from the room.

SAMANTHA

I groaned and slowly opened my eyes. I was back in the cell, and someone was watching me. I glanced over and groaned again. Jade smirked and straightened, stepping into the small room. “It sucks to be you,” Jade said coolly. “How did you manage to evade the Council for this long?” She inclined her head. “I’m simply just curious.”
“You are asking questions, too?” Tristan snarled, but I couldn’t see him past her.
She turned to him. “What?”
“Move,” he growled. She stepped out of the cell and aside to let him through. “Stand,” he hissed at me. I shuddered and stood. He reached out and cupped my chin. I gasped as the heat from his hand hit me. “Your trial is tomorrow at sunset,” he growled. He dropped his hand and backed up a step. He looked thoughtful for a brief second. Then I screamed as pain exploded in my chest. I looked down as blood rushed out and splattered to the floor. I fell backward as realization came back to me. Holy fucking shit, I silently gasped and stared at the stake protruding from my chest.
“Oh my god,” Jade growled. “Oh hell, I really do feel for you now, Branson.”
“You know,” Tristan said from somewhere I couldn’t make out. “Killing an innocent is one thing, but killing an innocent child is another thing altogether.” He appeared over me, hovering so that he didn’t get my blood on him. “You will await your trial in agony and this,” he said, and I screamed again as the images replayed themselves in my head. “Enjoy it while it lasts,” he said before the black hole blessedly swallowed me whole.

ZAIAH

I unlocked the cell door and stood in the doorway. The rogue that staked me stood pressed up against the far wall. His head jerked up as I entered. “You,” he snarled.
“Me,” I said, smirking. “Did you think I would forget you so soon?” I laughed softly. “It took everything I had to keep my sire from tearing into you, although it would have been sweet to watch.” He hissed and launched himself at me, knocking me out of the cell. I grunted and then hissed as my head smacked against the floor. Stars danced before my eyes, I snarled and snapped his head back with a thrust of my hand. I shuddered as I felt the energy swirling around me. I got a glimpse of Tristan before I hissed and sent the rogue flying. He flashed to his feet and came at me. I rolled away from him and got up. I spun around and grabbed him. The room moved in a blur as I propelled him across the room and slammed him into the wall.
“I want a trial,” the rogue snarled. I froze and dropped him. I gritted my teeth and slowly turned to Tristan. He strode over to us and stopped a foot away from me. His gaze went past me to the rogue.
“You want… a trial?” he whispered.
“Yes, yes sir.”
“You want a trial?” he repeated.
“Please, sir.”
Tristan finally looked at me. “Am I hearing things?” I shook my head. “Move.” I reluctantly stepped aside. I turned so that I could watch them both. “Stand,” he said to the rogue. He clumsily got to his feet and looked expectantly between the two of us. Tristan’s eyes narrowed dangerously. Then the unmistakable flash of silver appeared in his hand. The rogue’s eyes widened. He turned and flashed away. Or tried to. Tristan’s hand shot out and grabbed him by the throat.
“I demand a trial,” he gasped out. He hissed and kicked him between the legs. I gasped. Tristan dropped him and doubled over. He sucked in a quick breath and was laughing as he straightened. He held out the blade to me, and I carefully took it. The nameless rogue stood frozen in shock at what he’d just done. I tried not to smile. I really did. I shivered as a cold breeze washed over me as Tristan grabbed the rogue by the throat again and was propelling him through the air and into the opposite wall. I flashed after them. Tristan leaned in, and I thought he was going to kiss him for a second.
“How dare you strike at me,” he said, so low that even I had to strain to hear him. “Your answer is no,” he said and released him. The rogue crumpled to the ground in a heap. Tristan stepped away and stuffed his hands in his pockets and looked at me. “Proceed.” I moved to the rogue and jerked him to his feet. He struggled, but suddenly stopped. With lightning speed, I brought the blade to the rogue’s neck. His scream was silent as it cut through skin, muscles, and bones. The head severed and fell to the floor with a thump. I dropped the corpse and grimaced at the blood on me. I jumped back as a fireball shot toward me to land on both head and corpse. I coughed and turned away from the smoke. “Don’t you know how not to get blood all over you?” Tristan growled from behind me. “Carefully wipe off the blade and give it to me.” I pulled a sponge from my pocket and slowly wiped the blood off, careful not to have any part of my skin touching it. I closed it and placed it in his outstretched hand. He sighed and gestured to a door that led into a bathroom. I frowned at him. He shot me an impatient look. “Everybody has a few sets of extra clothes down here.” Well, I certainly didn’t know that. I went into the bathroom and quickly showered. Forty-five minutes later, I stepped from the bathroom to find Tristan still there, and most of the blood was gone. He held out a hand to me, and I went to him, putting my hand in his. He smirked, and everything went dark.

TRINITY

I felt the energy before I took a step out of my room. I shuddered and slowly went to the living room. “Kaylee?” I called. “You around?” I got no answer. I muttered under my breath and headed into the kitchen. Opening the refrigerator, I grabbed a blood bag. I let the door slam shut and turned. A squeak escaped me as Tristan appeared in front of me. Thank god that I hadn’t ripped into the bag yet or else that kitchen would have been splattered with blood. “Tristan,” I said in surprise.
“Hello Trinity.”
“Can I, um…”
He smirked and flashed his fangs. “I’m here on Council business, sweetheart.”
I stiffened and would have moved back a step if the stupid fridge wasn’t in the way. “Er…” He held out his hand to me. “Kaylee?”
“I have informed her of where you are. Now come.” I slowly went to him and put my hand in his. He grabbed it, and before I knew it, I was somewhere else. I blinked and looked down. I was still holding the blood bag. “Go ahead,” he said. “Unless you want that warmed up.” I shook my head and ripped into it. When it was empty, he took it from me and gestured me forward. I stepped up to a door. It opened into what looked like a small holding room. I growled as I recognized the rogue inside. He jerked and opened his eyes. Those black eyes met mine, and then past me to Tristan. “You remember her, don’t you?” he asked. The rogue shook his head. A pale hand flashed in front of me and wrapped around the rogue’s throat and squeezed. “Don’t you dare try me,” Tristan growled. His other hand landed on my shoulder and moved me out of the way. Once I was no longer in his way, he dragged the rogue out of the cell-like room and slammed him into the concrete wall. I heard a crack, and I winced. Tristan’s fangs extended to their full length, and he snarled, his grip tightening ever so slightly. He leaned in until his fangs grazed the rogue’s neck. “You remember her, don’t you?” he repeated in a whisper. The rogue nodded. Or tried to. Tristan released him, and he slid to the floor. He got back up and reached to the back of his head. When he pulled his hand away, blood clung to his fingers. Suddenly, a silver blade was in front of me. “Take it,” he growled. I slowly took it from him and moved in front of the rogue. I yanked him away from the wall and stepped back until I was holding him as far as I could. Taking a deep breath, I plunged the blade into his neck. I jumped back before both head and body hit the floor. Cool fingers brushed against mine as the knife was pulled from my hand. I looked up at Tristan as it disappeared into his pocket, his eyes fixed on the blood that was all over my arm. I grimaced. “This way,” he snarled and turned. I followed him into the bathroom. I frowned, but I didn’t ask as I wiped the blood off my arm with a small wash cloth. I dropped it in the sink and nodded to him. He led me back out and turned to me. I stared at him and groaned as I realized why he’d stopped. I shuddered and stepped closer to him, forcing me to tilt my head back to look at him. A flicker of surprise crossed his face, but it was gone in a blink. He wrapped his arms around me in an embrace. Leaning down, he sank his fangs into my neck. I stiffened and winced. The pain lasted for a brief second, and it was unnerving as hell to feel his mouth on me without pain or pleasure, only the smallest sting as he sucked. An eternity later, he withdrew his fangs. He licked at the wound and stepped away from me. The room swam. I blinked as I tried to focus. He tilted my head to look at him. His eyes bored into mine, and everything went blurry. Damn, stupid compulsion. “You will go feed, and you will not kill anyone while at it.” Then everything once again went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-four

ELIJAH

The burning, numbing sensation of the chain wrapped tightly around my hand was like plunging it into an open flame. I ignored the red blistering wounds and yanked. Delilah’s screams turned shrill as I pulled the chain off of her and tossed it aside. I snatched her and teleported, appearing in the huge Council chamber with a high ceiling, concrete walls, dim lighting from a single light bulb, and a drain in the center of the floor. A table that wasn’t there the last time also took up the center of the room. I flashed behind the thick, heavy black curtains that blocked everything from view. I dropped her beside her prodigy. She moaned in pain, no longer shrieking in my ears. I gritted my teeth and let the darkness within me flow out, engulfing the four rogues on the floor. I grunted and flashed to the side of the room and stepped through the parted curtain. “Tristan,” I snapped in irritation. I winced as a mental blow smacked me, followed by a growl of clear annoyance. I strode to the double doors and pulled them opened, standing back as vampire after vampire came in. Once they were all inside, I let the doors slam with a resounding boom that echoed loudly all around. I watched as they all lined up against one wall. I walked to the table and pulled out a chair and sat, never taking my eyes off of the vampires and the only one human in the room. I gritted my teeth as wave after wave of energy crackled around me as one by one, Tristan, Evelyn, Taylor, and Avery appeared beside me. They all pulled out chairs and sat down. Still gritting my teeth, I glanced to my left and snarled. Tristan smirked and leaned into me. I growled low in my throat.
“Where, oh where shall we start?” he whispered. “It has been a while, don’t you agree?” He glanced at my almost healed hand and chuckled. He tapped a finger against my palm. I slammed his hand down on the table. He leaned away from me and laughed softly. “Not in a good mood, hmm?” I growled. “Let go of me,” he snarled, all seriousness back in place. I bared my fangs and let him pull his hand away. I willed my fangs to retract, but of course, they only popped right back out. Tristan looked at the silent watchers in front of us. His eyes lingered on a vampire on the far right. I narrowed my eyes on him.
“Raina found him,” Evelyn whispered in my ear. “Two hours ago.”
“Alexander,” Tristan growled. The vampire flinched. “Come forth.” Alexander slowly walked up to the Council table and stopped just short of bumping into it. His eyes flickered to Ashley and then back to Tristan. He clearly had not fed yet; his hunger was beating at me like it wanted in. If that wasn’t telling enough, his burning black eyes and clenched jaw gave it away. “You have not fed.” Tristan got up and went around the table to him. Alexander took an instinctive step back. “Not another step,” Tristan said softly. He put his hand on the vampire’s upper arms and jerked him against his body. He struggled uselessly as Tristan bent his head back. In a flash, he ripped his wrist open and pressed it against Alexander’s mouth. “Bite me, and I will kill you,” he growled. “Now drink.” His throat convulsed as he swallowed. After a moment, he pulled back. “Close it.” His tongue darted out and licked at the wound. Tristan released him and stepped back. He watched as Alexander steadied himself by grabbing onto the table. “You were kidnapped recently. Is this correct?”
“Yes sir,” Alexander mumbled.
“And you wish to press charges?”
“Yes sir.”
“Very well.” He walked back around the table and continued to the back. Alexander growled as Tristan and the rogue came into view. He stiffened as they made their way to him. Tristan jerked the rogue to a stop, out of Alexander’s striking distance. He whirled him around. “I’ll make this short, because I have more pressing matters to attend to. You snatched a civilian off the streets. Do you deny this?”
“I do not,” said the rogue.
“You are also being charged with the deaths of those you have taken.” The rogue cringed. Tristan came back to his seat and dropped into it. He looked at each one of us at the table. “Ideas?” he asked, low enough for only those at the table to hear.
“Decapitation,” Taylor offered.
“That’s too quick of a death,” said Evelyn.
“Well, I was thinking of six months staking, then decapitation,” I said. Everyone around the table winced. “Hey, we can always go for—”
“Don’t even think about it,” Avery growled.
“It’s either that or—” I stiffened as the cocking of a gun sounded. A ripple of gasps and confusion washed over me in waves.
“A round of burning from the inside out,” Tristan hissed.
“A gun?” the rogue asked in confusion.
Tristan aimed the gun at him. I put my hand on his and pointed it toward the table. “One more word,” Tristan warned, his hand twitching in mine. “You will find out exactly what it is capable of doing.” He jerked his hand away, letting the gun fall into Evelyn’s waiting hand. He shot me a murderous glare before disappearing into thin air, reappearing behind the rogue, his hands wrapped tightly around his throat. He glanced back at us.
“Let’s go with six months staking and decapitation,” said Evelyn. I nodded. The others nodded, and I looked at Tristan for his answer. A long, long minute passed. Then he finally nodded. He smirked, and the rogue was propelled into the far wall. He slowly walked over to him.
“Your sentence is six months staking for the kidnapping of a civilian,” he growled. “Once that is over, you will be decapitated for the multiple deaths you have committed.” He turned to everyone in the room. “Do you all agree to these terms?” They all nodded. Ashley cringed, but nodded in agreement. He turned back to the rogue. “What say you?” The rogue gulped, and in a blur, buried a blade into Tristan’s side. Screams and shouts broke out around me as I flashed to the rogue. White hot pain exploded in my head as it was shoved hard against the concrete wall.
“Silence!” Evelyn snarled. The whole room went dead silent as I struggled and pushed Tristan off of me. I snarled and grabbed for the rogue. Before my hand could grab hold, a pop went off, blinding me for a brief second. Then the rogue gave a bloodcurdling scream as the liquid bullet slowly spread throughout his body. I snarled and kicked the rogue across the room. Tristan pulled the knife out and sent it flying. James ducked barely in time as the knife struck the wall behind him. Breath was sucked out of me as energy exploded into the room. Ashley screamed, and then fainted into Byron’s arms. I groaned and fell back. I watched, dazed, as Tristan turned to me, blood dripping to the floor. Evelyn stomped over to Tristan and growled.
“I know,” he snapped, and she moved out of his reach before his fangs could rip her throat open. I slowly got up and walked back to the table, mentally dragging him along with me.
“Sit,” I snarled at him. His eyes flashed white for the briefest of seconds, but he took a deep breath of the blood saturated air and slowly sat down. “Take him away,” I snapped at Evelyn. She hissed, but flashed over to the writhing rogue and snatched him up, disappearing in a swirl of darkness. “Now.” I turned back to the vampires lined up against the wall. “Let’s get back to business, shall we?” Beside me, Tristan jerked involuntarily. I rested a hand on his shoulder, keeping him from bolting out of his chair. “We’d rather get this over and done with as soon as possible.”
“Because no one is leaving this chamber until then,” said Evelyn, coming to a stop in front of the table and turning around to face the others. “So, Ashley, Tecrayle, and Byron, do come forth,” she said and went to her chair and sat down. She leaned past me to Tristan. “Wait just a little longer,” she whispered. He smacked my hand away and stood up and flashed behind the curtains. She sighed. “This is going to get even messier,” she muttered, leaning back in her chair. I cringed as a bloodcurdling scream rent the air. I was on my feet in a blink, turning as Tristan came out with the three remaining vampires. He passed the council table and stopped. Holding Samantha to his body, he yanked the stake from her chest. She let out another bloodcurdling scream. He dropped the stake on the table and shoved her to the floor.
“Ashley,” he calmly said, walking to her. She whimpered and automatically took a step away from him. He reached out and grabbed a hold of her wrist. “You really don’t want to do this, sweetheart.”
“Do what?” she squeaked and tried to pull away. His other hand came up to wrap around the back of her neck. She gasped and froze. “W-what—?”
“Tell me,” he said and pulled her closer. “What Delilah and Samantha did to you while you were held captive.” She opened her mouth and then closed it, swallowing hard. “And do not make me repeat myself.”
“Nothing really,” she said and took a deep breath. “Delilah just gave me a few good punches to the face and a head bashing into walls.”
“Nothing really?” he drawled. “Sounds like a lot of something to me.” He let go of her and closed in on Delilah. “What about sweet Samantha here?” he asked, nudging her with his foot. She groaned and tried to roll away. “I hate to hear that she had no part in it.”
“Well, she only does what Delilah tells her to do.”
“I see…”
“You stupid bitch!” Delilah spat at her.
“Hey, hey, hey now,” he mused. “I don’t remember giving you permission to talk.”
“What’s the point?” she growled. “You’re going to kill me anyways.”
He smirked. “You’re right. What is the point of all this?” Then she dropped to the floor and moaned, clutching her head. “Hmm…”
“Get out—”
“Oh, relax, sweetheart. It’s just a little… probity probe, nothing more.” He literally plucked her off the floor and into his embrace. “Any last words?” he whispered in her ear.
“Fuck. You. And. Your. Council,” she gasped.
He patted her on the head. “Very nicely put,” he snarled and tore her throat open. I hissed as three pairs of hands sent me flying out of my chair. More stars danced before my vision as my head impacted with the floor. I struggled uselessly as they held me immobile, both physically and mentally. My vision winged in and out of focus and air was completely sucked from me. I heard Tristan laugh darkly. He was looming over me as my vision cleared. “That is quite enough,” he said, and Avery, Taylor, and Evelyn reluctantly released me. I gasped in a huge amount of air and sat up, rubbing the back of my head.
“Was that necessary?” I growled.
“Quite,” said Avery.
A low growl bubbled up my throat. “Remind me to kick your ass all the way to Sunday and back.”
“Noted,” he drawled and pulled me up.
“Sorry,” said Tristan. I snorted. He righted the chair and knocked my legs from me, forcing me to sit. I huffed as he rounded the table to crouch over Samantha. He stroked her cheek and she grimaced. In a blink, he ripped his wrist open and pressed it to her mouth. She pushed weakly at his arm. “Drink,” he commanded. She moaned and her throat convulsed as she swallowed. “Good girl.” He pulled his wrist away and licked it closed. He pulled her up with him and turned to us. “Byron and Tecrayle,” he drawled. “You have aided her in evading the Council. Do you know the consequences for aiding—?”
“It wasn’t their fault,” Samantha rasped out.
“It wasn’t?” She shook her head. “Whose was it then?”
“Blame it on me,” she mumbled.
He tilted her head back with the tip of his finger. “All the blame falls on you?”
She nodded. “Yes.”
“Is she telling the truth?” he asked, still looking her in the eye, but the question was clearly not directed at her.
“She asked us to help her,” said Byron.
“Is that so?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Was it before or after she drained a little girl to death?” I put up a hand as gasps and hisses broke out.
“I-I—”
“You didn’t know,” he drawled. “What was her reasoning for your help?”
“She just said that the Council was after her and that she wasn’t sure why.”
“And that was good enough for you both?” He shrugged. “And are you backing up his words, Tecrayle?”
“Yes, Councilor,” said Tecrayle. “Everything he says is true.”
“Very well.” His hand went into his pocket. Samantha whimpered as he pulled out the silver blade. He flicked it open and let the light reflect off the glinting blade and twirled it. “Shall it be a quick, painless death or a long, painful one?” He let her go and stepped back from her. She stumbled and caught herself before she could fall face first to the blood coated floor. “I don’t know. I can’t decide.” I stiffened as he continued to twirl the thing, his fingers coming dangerously close to touching the poisonous blade. Samantha jerked back as it came a few inches from slicing her cheek open. He smirked and twirled it faster. Fuck, I silently groaned. Any faster and it would hit him or Samantha.
“Quickly,” Samantha said breathlessly and took a step back.
He inclined his head and to my relief, ceased the twirling. “Quick it is then.” Before she could take in another breath, he struck. Blood flew everywhere as the head parted from the body. “I was beginning to like you,” he growled and gestured. Ari broke from the line of vampires and over to the body. In a blink, she was gone, along with the body. Wasting no time, he flashed to Sairis and jerked her up. “I’d really like to kill you before dawn,” he said and dragged her to the middle of what was now the killing zone. “Paperwork is a bitch. Do you realize that?” A pen appeared in his hand and he jammed it into her jugular. She gasped in pain and gurgled. “I guess not or else you wouldn’t be giving me a major headache.” He tapped his finger on the pen. “Let’s see…” he said thoughtfully. “Your rap sheet is something to behold.” He chuckled. “Lots of conspiracies, my friend.”
“Only one that I know of,” she wheezed.
“Mmm, yes, let’s stick to the one that is currently fresh in your mind. What were you planning to gain?”
“A way to kill you,” she hissed.
“Ah, I did not know that.” He pushed the pen further into her, and she gasped. “Were you successful?”
“Not even.”
“Awww, I’m so sorry to hear that.” He pulled out the pen and set it on the table. “I’ll let you in on a little secret,” he whispered. “Mixing blood and my poison is a great way to incapacitate me. Or the rest of the council for that matter. And one more thing, it’s also a horrible way for vampires like you to die.” She gulped and tried to move away. He grabbed her and jerked her against him. “Let me give you an example of what I mean.”
“What are you—?” He snarled and clamped his mouth on her throat. She shrieked and thrashed in his arms, and I mentally shut her up.
“Wow, it’s finally over,” Evelyn groaned and banged her head on the table. I got her, Tristan growled in my head. I nodded and released my hold on Sairis and got up. Before I could make my way to the line of vampire, Brynna and Zaiah appeared from the back of the room and flashed over to me, knocking me back to the floor. I groaned as Zaiah pressed her wrist to my fangs and pushed upward. I grabbed her arm and gripped tightly. She winced as I pulled the blood down my throat with urgency. I snarled as she ripped herself from me.
“Feed you, yes,” said Zaiah. “But let you drain me, no thanks.”
“Get everybody out of here,” I said to Taylor. She nodded and walked over to the vampires. Brynna helped me up and led me to the back of the room. She reached out and yanked the rope; the curtains flew up to the ceiling with a loud clang. I winced. We crossed the short distance to another door. She opened it and pushed me through. I went over to an overstuffed couch and plopped onto it with a sigh. “How long?” I grumbled.
“It is two hours past dawn,” said Zaiah.
I groaned and let my head fall back. “If there’s another trial I don’t know about yet, please stake me right now.”
“I’ll be happy to do it,” Evelyn said and plopped down beside me.
“Oh, I know you would.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-five

“Fuck. My. God. Damn. Life,” Tristan growled and ripped his shirt off of his torso.
“You’re going to strip in front of me, brother?” He glared at me and dropped his pants. “Well then,” I drawled. He reached into his pockets and emptied everything onto the table. “Not in a good mood either?” He grabbed the bloody deadly blade and flicked it open. “What are you doing?”
“I’m going to slam this against your dick if you don’t shut up.”
I hissed and fell off of the couch, my hands automatically covering said area protectively as phantom pain washed over me. He laughed. “Oh fuck, you wouldn’t dare,” I said, shuddering. I slowly got up and went over to him. He pointed the blade toward me. “Don’t.”
“Don’t want to see if I would do it?”
“Tristan,” I growled.
He laughed and flicked it closed, tossing it onto the table. “You’re no fun.” He walked into the bathroom and slammed the door.
I sighed. “Mind clouded with thoughts, hmm?” I heard the water turning on, and I went back to the couch and dropped heavily onto it.
“Thoughts?” he growled. “You want to try that again?”
“Do enlighten me,” I said. The water shut off, and the door opened. I smirked. At least he was completely dressed that time. He crossed the room to the table and picked up the blade, flicking it open. A sponge in his other hand, he carefully wiped the blood off. “Or should I guess?”
“Knock yourself out.”
“All you can hear is the rush of blood. Did I get it right?”
He grunted and tossed the sponge into the trash. Putting everything back in his pockets, he turned to look at me. “You’re trying to get yourself killed here?”
I shrugged. “By you?”
“No, by yourself.” He stalked to the door and opened it. “You coming or what?” I flashed to the door and went out. He muttered under his breath and followed me out of the Council chamber into a lounge.
“About time,” said Taylor. “What were you two doing in there?”
“Tristan was trying to castrate me.”
“What?!” several voices chorused in my ears.
“We need that baby-making machine, you know,” Kira said, throwing herself in Tristan’s arms.
“Well, what is the point? We can’t make babies.”
“Oh god,” Tristan groaned. “Why are we even talking about this?”
“Tecrayle and Byron are still here,” Jayr said, nodding to another door across the room.
I stiffened. “Didn’t I say to get them out of here?”
“Yes, but they wanted to talk to the Council.”
“Avery and Evelyn are out there with them,” said Taylor. “I think we should join them.” Tristan set Kira down and extracted himself from her. We walked to the door. It opened, and we stepped through it. A long counter blocked our way, and on the other side of the counter, Byron was leaning nervously on it. I smirked and glanced at the door on each side of the counter where Avery and Evelyn were standing guard, not that they needed to. Tecrayle, who was standing by the door that led outside, cleared his throat.
“This better be good,” I said. “What is it that you want to talk about? And if you say rogue, I will beat both of your heads against this counter until brains are leaking out.”
“Elijah,” Tristan growled. “Let’s hear what they have to say first before you decide to do anything.”
“Like you wouldn’t do the same,” I muttered and walked up to the counter. I narrowed my eyes on Byron. “Talk, leave, or die.”
“We would like to join the NSC,” said Tecrayle.
I blinked. Well, I wasn’t expecting that. “And you want to join because…?”
“We like to help… you know…”
“Protect the streets?” I asked. They nodded. “And you’ve spoken with Trynnadon or Eric?”
“We haven’t yet,” said Byron.
“I see…”
“We thought to ask you first.”
I leaned forward, my hand pressed against the bulletproof glass. “And if they say no? You’re okay with that?” They nodded. “Very well then.” I nodded to Evelyn. “Get Tryn.” And without warning, I dove into Tecrayle’s mind. He hissed and stumbled forward.
“What the?” His hands smacked against the floor as he fell to his knees. “What are you doing?” Byron went to him, but I jerked him to a stop. In his head, I didn’t see any killing or signs of becoming a rogue. Gently, I pulled myself out and quickly slipped into Byron’s head. Tecrayle let out a sigh of relief and caught his friend before he could fall over. Getting the same thing from Byron, I pulled out of his mind and sighed.
“Anything unusual?” Tristan asked. I shook my head. The outer door opened and Evelyn and Trynnadon stepped through.
“Did you tell him?” I asked her.
“I did,” she said and disappeared, only to reappear beside me. She tapped the glass in front of her. “So, Trynnadon, what do you have to say?”
“I’m fine with it,” he said. He turned to them. “You will have a week to prove yourselves to us.” They nodded. “If we are not satisfied, we’ll kick you out.”
“That’s settled then,” I said and reached under the counter. I pulled out a couple of forms and slid them under the six-inch-thick glass. “Fill out everything,” I said to them. “If you leave a box blank, I’ll personally crucify you both.” They winced and snatched the forms. I laughed and slid two pens to them. “When you are done, let one of us know.” I turned and headed through the lounge door and over to Kira. She looked up from her book and scowled at me. “What?”
“Nothing.”
“What are you reading?”
“How to build a bomb.” I plucked the book out of her hands. “Hey!”
“A medical book?” I flipped through it and smirked. “Planning to become a surgeon, Kira?”
“No,” she huffed and snatched the book back. “I’m just interested in it.”
“Huh.” I picked up a mystery book and threw it at her. “Read that. It’s more interesting.”
“I’ll read it after I finish this one.”
“Suit yourself.” I glanced around the room. “I’m going rogue hunting. Who wants to come with me?”
“Me!” Kira said happily and slammed her book shut. She got up and went out the door.
I put up a hand as the others chimed in. “She said it first.”
“You guys suck!” she yelled. I snickered and went after her.
“I don’t like it,” Tristan growled.
“Don’t worry, brother, I’ll keep her safe.”
“You better,” he said as Kira and I stepped outside into the afternoon sun. I pulled out my sunglasses and slipped them on, squinting a little.
“Will there be any out at this time?” Kira asked.
“Yes,” I said and held out my hand to her. She took it, and I teleported a few blocks down from the Council building. “You will stay by my side and—”
“Do everything you say,” she said, cutting me off. “You don’t want your brother coming down on you if I get injured or killed, got it.”
“Precisely, now sniff around.”
She frowned. “How do I know who’s rogue and who’s not?”
“Trust me, you’ll know.”
“Won’t they recognize you?”
I laughed softly. “Not unless you say my full name out loud.”
“Oh.”
I gave her a gentle push. “Start walking, I’ll be right behind you.”
An hour and a half into the hunt, we came upon a group of rogues behind a closed music shop. I reached out and jerked Kira to a stop. One of the things you need to know as a hunter is not to be seen, I said in her head. She nodded and backed into me. I led her out of sight and waited. The next thing is not to give yourself away until it is too late. So, what do I do? She asked. You are going to walk up to them as if you are minding your own business. Don’t look at them. Don’t fidget with anything. She nodded. So, basically you’re saying act casual. I nodded. Did your sire give you a silver blade? She nodded. Good. I’ll wait here while you approach them. I watched as she slowly made her way to the music store. I smirked as one of the rogues looked up and straightened as she got closer to the shop door. “Hey,” another one called out. “That shop’s been closed for over two months now.”
Kira turned and eyed them speculatively. “Really?” I moved up behind the nearest rogue to me. She glanced my way. I silently cursed as the five rogues all turned their heads to look right at me. Damn it. I grabbed him by the throat and slammed him against the window. I gave Kira my death glare. “Sorry,” she squeaked and grabbed another rogue by his shirt and pulled him back. I dropped a mental wall around them all and threw them to the pavement.
“Let’s see what your plans are for the night,” I said to the rogue I was still holding. “First question, were you guys planning to drain someone tonight?”
“What’s it to you?” he spat. “You want to join?”
I chuckled. “No thanks, but thanks for asking all the same.”
“Are you sure, you look mighty hungry.” I bared my fangs and leaned in. I licked the pulse, and he squirmed. “The fuck are you doing?”
“This,” I said and sank my fangs in deep.
“What the fuck, are you crazy?” He hissed and tried to push me off of him. I pulled harder and faster. He growled. “Get off of me.” I snarled and gripped him tighter.
“Elijah,” Kira hissed. I groaned and withdrew my fangs. I punched my hand into his chest and yanked out his heart, dropping it and the lifeless corpse to the ground. I turned to her. “A little help here?” she panted. I flashed to her and snatched the rogue from her. “Thanks.” She pulled out the blade, flicked it opened, and slammed it into the rogue’s throat. His curses turned into a gurgle as she continued to push, severing his head. I dropped the body and closed in on the three remaining rogues on the ground.
“Let’s make quick work of this,” I said to her. She nodded and decapped the others while I called for cleanup. Once she was done, she flashed over to me and took hold of my arm. I smiled. “Nice work,” I said and teleported. She pulled away and ran to Tristan. I chuckled. “I think it will be a while before she lets you go, brother.”
“Oh, I doubt it,” he said and pulled her into his embrace. I walked over to them and ran my bloody fingers through Kira’s hair. She smacked my arm away and huffed.
“You know how hard it is to wash blood out of your hair?” she asked.
“No, do tell,” I drawled.
“Looks like the hunt was a success,” Avery said, appearing in the hallway.
“Yep, it was,” she said cheerfully. “We found five of them.”
He smirked. “Wonderful.” He waved his hand at her. “Do you mind if I borrow your sire for a few minutes?”
She pulled herself away from Tristan. “No, you can take him.”
He nodded. “Elijah, you, too.”
“Avery, what are you up to?” I asked suspiciously.
“Come to the office.” Tristan and I looked at each other for a brief second. Then we followed him to the office. Once inside, I closed the door behind me and leaned against it.
“Is there a bomb waiting to go off?” I asked.
Avery snorted. “I wish.” He turned to face us. “You know how we are able to compel vampires to do whatever we want?”
I narrowed my eyes on him. “Yes?”
“Well, Tecrayle and Byron just asked for it.”
“I’m sorry?”
“I think I heard that wrong,” said Tristan.
“No, you heard me right,” said Avery.
“And how did they find out about this… transfer?”
He shrugged. “No idea.”
“Well, I’m not doing it,” I grumbled. “If you want to, go ahead. Just erase their memory on how they got it when you’re done.”
“I’ll do it,” said Evelyn, and she pounded on the door. “Away from the door or I’ll slam you into the wall.” I sighed and moved away just as she opened it. She walked in and nodded to us. “Yeah, I’ll do it if you’re all on board. The NSC could use someone who can compel vampires on their side.”
“Kira has that ability,” I said.
“Oh, yeah, you’re right.” She shrugged. “Whatever you guys vote for, I don’t care either way.”
“It’s a no for me.”
“I want to know how they found out about this,” said Tristan. “And I have an idea who might have told them.” He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. “But my answer is no as well.”
Avery nodded. “Mine as well. We can’t allow other vampires this much power.”
I nodded. “Just be glad that they didn’t ask for something like elemental manipulation. That shithead of a human was enough for my taste. If we let him run around a day longer, he would have tried to create a fucking hurricane.”
Evelyn snorted. “Hurricane Rotag, got a nice ring to it, hmm?”
“Sure, if you say so.” I turned and headed through the open door. “Kira,” I growled. “Come here, little girl.” Tristan passed me, and I followed him into the weapon room. I grabbed hold of Kira’s arm and turned her around to face us.
“What?” she asked. “What did I do now?”
“You tell us, sweetheart.”
She frowned. “Do I get a hint?”
“Byron? Tecrayle? Any of that help?”
“Oh.” She bit her lower lip and looked down.
Tristan put a hand under her chin and forced her to meet his eyes. “Who else did you tell?” he asked softly.
“No one,” she said uncertainly.
“Kira,” he growled. “Think, who else did you tell?”
“Only those two.”
“Are you quite sure?” She nodded. “So, you wouldn’t mind if I go through your memories then?”
She swallowed hard. “You can go through it,” she mumbled. He nodded, and I leaned against the wall and waited. A minute into it, he shook his head.
“No one?” I asked.
“No one.”
“Well, that’s a relief.” I straightened and took Kira from him. “I’ll take her back.”
He nodded. “Oh, before I forget, tell Tryn that he still owes Evelyn. He’ll know what you are talking about.” I nodded and teleported, appearing in the living room of the NSC headquarters.
“Jesus fucking Christ!” Donnica exclaimed, jumping up from the couch. “Elijah, can you at least warn us before you come?”
“I will keep that in mind.”
“Right,” she grumbled, pulling Kira away from me.
“Before I go, I have a message to pass on to Trynnadon.”
“A message?”
“Yes, tell him he still owes Evelyn.”
She nodded. “I will pass that along.”
I smiled and patted Kira on her head. “Keep this one out of trouble, protector, and all will be well.” And with that, I disappeared into thin air.


* * * * * *



Epilogue

{Two Nights Later}

TRENT

From high above, perched on the thick branch of a tree, I watched the cars below passed by. They were the only things on the streets at the moment. It was nights like these that I wished something would happen. It was too quiet, too peaceful, too… boring. I looked up to the sky and inhaled, deeply. A breeze blew my way, and I smirked as I caught the fresh scent of spilled blood. I jumped from the tree and landed silently on the sidewalk below. I sniffed and followed the scent to someone’s backyard. A figure was crouched over a small form on the ground. I silently snarled as I watched the blood exchange that I was clearly too late to stop. The vampire straightened from his crouch and backed away slowly. Letting out a low growl, I stepped into his view. He jerked in surprise. I looked at him. And smiled evilly. “Oh,” I breathed. “What have you done?”


* * * * * *



To find other books by Alina Meuangkhot, please visit:

https://www.alinambooks.com/


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Goodreads:
https://www.goodreads.com/Alina_M

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
