Blood Shadow
Book of Daniel 

Phil Wohl

ONE
Calvin Brewster stood in the hallway of his family’s house and revealed himself as a survivor, a conqueror.  His 15-year absence seemed to be painful for just about everyone, except Hartwell and his trusted protector Garrison.
Emily Brewster ran up the stairs and virtually attacked her twin brother.  She had felt so distant and incomplete without him.  Cal then walked down the two stairs, with Emily attached to him, and kissed and hugged his dad, Thaddeus Brewster.
They broke the hug and Thaddeus said, “Calvin, there’s someone I want you to…”
Cal started crying when he saw his nephew, Andrew Brewster, cast on his broken leg and all.
“Drew…” was all he said as Andrew finally felt the kinship and loyalty in a father figure that he had sought since Cal disappeared.
Andrew then introduced Cal to Carla, and the warm part of the reunion ended abruptly.  Cal’s wounds were still too fresh to welcome the enemy into the house of Brewster.  He looked at Sharon Phillips – actually looked through her – with eyes as lethal as laser beams.  After all, she had left him to rot on the bottom of the ocean.
Sharon wasn’t sure how Cal would react once he finished greeting his family.  She nervously held her daughter Nicole’s hand and waited until it was her time.
But the only ‘time’ that Sharon was assured of was that it was time for her and her family to leave.  Sharon’s father, Garrison, was instrumental in helping bury Cal.  He walked by Cal, nodded, and said, “Calvin.”
And Cal nodded back and replied, “Garrison.”
Sharon, Nicole, and her new-found father Blake, followed Gary out the front door, ending the day’s question-and-answer session.  Cal walked toward the door to close it, and Sharon looked back as he stoically slammed it in her face. 
The sun was rising the next morning and Daniel had fallen asleep on the floor with a game controller dangling in his left hand.  The rays filtered through Hartwell’s house - which had a decidedly Eastern exposure - and started to go to work on Hartwell, who was sitting on the couch above 
Daniel ‘cashed out,' with a baseball hat cocked to the side of his head.
The vampire had just been killed the previous day for the one-hundredth time, an event that signified his rebirth and return to mortality. The killer was none other than Cal Brewster, who he had been buried in a watery tomb some 15 years earlier.
The light blanketed the room, moving across the floor, past a sleeping Daniel and then encompassing Hartwell.  Normally the dawn would help restore his full powers as a vampire after a kill, much as it had done over the past century, but this proved to be a different kind of healing process.
Daniel used his vampirical powers to thrust the former Prince of Darkness’ heart back into his chest, and now Hartwell chest was being fused together and his ticker reattached to the various blood vessels, arteries, and veins on the inside.
Hartwell experienced a few involuntary reflexes, and one random knee-jerk smacked Daniel in the back of his head.  Just about anyone else would have received an instant beat-down from the now-alert vampire, but Daniel stood up and flicked the baseball hat off Hartwell’s head without ever touching it.  Besides, he had already taken a picture of the pose and posted it on Facebook the previous night.
The 10-second mortal restoration of Hartwell’s soul was a fraction of the time it usually took to for him to become whole as a vampire.  Daniel wasn’t sure what to expect, because it took him two weeks to transform when Hartwell turned him on his 18th birthday.
Hartwell had not discussed with his son where he was on the road to mortality.  While the young squire knew that 100 was the magic number, he had no idea that his dad was moments away from returning to his early 20th-century, mortal form.
The vampire usually woke up calm and relaxed, but he instantly gasped for air and grabbed his chest in pain once his eyes flashed open.
“Are you okay?” a concerned Daniel asked.  “Let me get you some water.”
Daniel popped into the kitchen and returned with a glass of water before Thomas Hartwell could even blink.
“My head hurts,” Hartwell said, as Daniel flashed back to the previous day and an ill-fated baseball catch he had with his dead father.  He looks at us and says, “I was just trying to get in some father-son activities that we missed.”
Hartwell wasn’t the complaining type, at least as an all-powerful vampire.  But transitioning from a dead creature to a person that was very much alive was proving difficult.  He tried to stand up, but quickly sat back down due to light-headedness.
“Are you sure you’re all right?” a concerned Daniel inquired.
The truth had sunk into Hartwell’s less-capable brain as he dropped his head to his chest, almost in defeat.  He knew Daniel had to be told the truth, so he scraped himself off the floor and spoke from his mended heart.
“My son, I am what I used to be.  Now we can truly be father and son.”
Daniel let the words filter down in an attempt to uncover its true meaning. 
“Oh, so are you saying that you reached 100 yesterday?”
Hartwell rolled his eyes, “You really must develop a flare for the dramatic, dear boy.  That is, if you’re still a ‘skilled’ one?”
It took Daniel another few seconds to break down his mentor’s code.
“Do you want to know if I’m still a vampire?  Don’t you want to get up and walk around a bit before you get to the tough stuff?”
Hartwell was amused, “You see, you can be dramatic and suspenseful.”
Daniel extended his impressive fangs and wings to the delight of 
Hartwell.
“Good.  Very good,” Hartwell stated.  “But you have to do me one favor.”
“Anything, dad.”
“You have to keep your status between us.  Nobody must know that you are still a vampire,” Hartwell said.  “Now go out and see if anyone else still has their powers.”
 
Daniel was the obedient son – albeit an upgraded version of his now mortal predecessor – so he went out to his girlfriend Nicole’s house before checking in on the Brewster family.
He texted Nicole – his mind to her iPhone – and asked he if she felt better, and what was going on in her house?
She replied:
“We all lost our powers.  The Brewster’s are all out, too.  BTW, how did I get home yesterday?”
Daniel answered back:
“Flew you home before I passed out,” paving the way for the first of a string of white lies and related deceptions to come.
He told her that he would stop by later in the day, and then moved on at faster than the speed of light to see what was going on with his cousin and the rest of the Brewster family.
Daniel sensed nothing when he arrived at their house, but quickly tracked them driving at a rapid pace in the direction of the hospital.  He flew above the car, undetected to the human eye, and listened in on their conversation.
Cal was not with Andrew, Carla, Emily and Thaddeus, as he went to play golf earlier in the morning and did not have a cell phone.  He was a pro-caliber golfer when he had abilities, but without his mojo he was at best an average golfer.
“Man, do I suck!  I’m glad I didn’t take the game up before my 18th birthday,” he thought to himself as he shanked a drive into a cluster of trees in the deep right rough.
Meanwhile, in the Brewster’s Audi sedan…
“Do you think Aunt Belinda’s gonna’ make it mom?” Andrew asked from the back seat.
Daniel tapped into Emily’s brain to view the story of what had happened.
After the Phillips family left the previous night and things calmed down a bit, Emily decided to text Belinda to tell her about the major revelation.
She simply typed, “Cal is back.”
Belinda Thompson was Daniel’s mother in his latest life and she was also married to Cal Brewster when he disappeared.  She had become disoriented when Daniel recently awoke from his two-week hibernation toward becoming a vampire.  Hartwell made her believe, through his mental-vampire influence, that Daniel had a severe case of mononucleosis and should not be bothered.
She had been driving around all day, moving deeper and deeper into the cerebral abyss, when the text message came through and she reached for her phone after hearing the alert tone.
Message from Emily: "Cal is back.”
Belinda read the message and everything in her world went black. 
Her brain shut down like a computer infested with an insipid virus. Hartwell’s years of mentally manipulating Belinda so he could gain unabated access to Daniel, had finally put her down for the count.
Belinda’s hands dropped off the steering wheel and down past her lap as she sped through a red light and into a busy, four-way intersection.
“CAPOW!!!”  
A trucker asleep at the wheel at 11:00 p.m., sideswiped Belinda’s 
Honda Civic and wrapped it around a light post like a crushed soda can.
It took a few hours to extract her from the vehicle with the ‘jaws of life,’ and local police and fire officials said she would have died instantly if her seat hadn’t malfunctioned and reclined upon impact.
Somehow, she hung on through the night in the Intensive Care Unit of Beach Haven Hospital, as she was hooked up to life support machines. But the doctors were extremely doubtful that she would make it through the day. 
The Brewster’s were notified only moments earlier, once hospital staff found their number in Belinda’s purse. They were frantically trying to locate ‘next of kin’ to deal with her inevitable passing.
Daniel almost flew into a traffic light because he became distraught on so many levels.  He needed to jet back to Hartwell’s to ask him what should be done.  In seconds, he was in front of Hartwell, who had just walked out of the shower and was drying off.
“My mom was in an accident and she is going to die!” Daniel yelled.
Hartwell, even as a mortal, was still unflappable.
Daniel desperately continued, “What should I do?  I can’t let her die!”
Hartwell held the fate of people’s lives in his fangs for over a century and was debating the pros and cons of Belinda’s survival.
He thought, “On the one hand, she raised Daniel and was his mother. But, on the other hand, she was Daniel’s mother.  His annoying, overprotective, smothering mother.”
Hartwell looked into Daniel’s concerned eyes and felt something he hadn’t experienced in some time: empathy.  He figured that it was one of the drawbacks of having a soul again.
“All right.  You can keep her,” Hartwell reluctantly said, as if he was letting his son keep a stray animal.
Daniel’s “Thanks!” could barely be heard because he zipped away so 
fast.
He was gliding past the Brewster family in the hallway leading up to his mother’s room and decided to put a healthy Belinda in their minds. The four of them stopped and Drew smiled, “I’m so glad Aunt Belinda is going to be all right,” he said despite being only a few feet away with tubes going through every vein and orifice of her body.
“This must be a great hospital,” Carla said, even though she was just there the previous day getting a cast put on her broken arm.
Emily was unusually chipper, “You guys want to get some lunch?”
They turned around and headed out of the hospital as Thaddeus said, “Sounds like a plan.”
Daniel continued on, wiping everyone’s mind of imminent death and replacing it with miraculous recovery.
He swept into his mother’s temporary room and had her unhooked and back to Hartwell’s house within seconds.  Daniel usually wasn’t a show-off – except for his volleyball days as part of ‘The Three Slamigos’ – but he managed to make his mother’s bed up with fresh linens and thoroughly cleaned the entire area, as the trademark fastidiousness of a vampire set in.
Hartwell was in his robe when Daniel placed his mother on a bed in one of the guest bedrooms.  Hartwell’s robe was slightly open as Daniel said, “Can you close that up a bit?  It’s my mom.”
He then said, “So, what do I do?”
“First you drain most of her blood.”
“From her neck?” an inexperienced Daniel questioned.
Hartwell leaned over so he could whisper to Daniel, “Either you do this quick or it’s going to be too late.  Her breathing is already shallow.”
Daniel looked at his mom and then got up the courage from his desperation to immediately act.  His brow turned a shade of evil as razor sharp fangs protruded from his gums.
He dove into his mother’s neck and drained most of her blood in seconds, with almost no reaction.
“Now feed her your blood from your wrist,” Hartwell coached.
Daniel bit into his wrist and then let the blood flow into his mother’s mouth.  Once she started swallowing the supercharged blood, her strength improved and she was breathing normally.
“When she wakes up, you'll have to break her neck,” Hartwell stated.
And a few minutes later, Belinda opened her eyes and Daniel helped her sit up.
“Danny, what happened?”  Then she looked at Hartwell.  “Hey, I know 
you…”
Hartwell nodded at Daniel, who then snapped his mother’s neck as easily as breaking a foot-long pretzel log.
Daniel picked up his mother even though he could have moved her with his mind, because the situation called for a more personal touch. 
Hartwell pulled back the cover and Daniel placed Belinda down on the bed and tucked her in so she could begin the transformation into his world.
TWO
Daniel closed the door to the guest bedroom and let nature, or the powers of the unnatural, take its course.
“That was crazy,” Daniel said to Hartwell as they walked back into the main room of the house.
 	“Sorry to say, that was fairly routine for me,” Hartwell replied and then realized that an add-on was necessary.  “Except of course when I turned you.”
Daniel smirked, “Of course,” letting his sire know that he wasn’t buying any of whatever he was selling.
Hartwell returned the knowing glance and said, “Let me go change into something less airy.  While you’re waiting can you do me a favor and send out a signal to the cosmos, keeping this place a secret?  If anybody knew that our home really wasn’t an abandoned warehouse, it could cost us a bundle and we might get evicted.”
Daniel nodded, “I’ll do my best.”
Hartwell disappeared into his master suite and Daniel sat on the floor with his back against the couch and crossed his legs in meditation.
By the time Hartwell came back in, buttoning his shirt and saying, “It’s a lot harder to get dressed when you have to use your hands,” Daniel was not on the floor anymore.
Hartwell looked straight ahead and Daniel was floating in the air, in the lotus position with his eyes closed.
“Well, I’ll be…” Hartwell said to himself.  “I never floated like that.”
Daniel sensed his father’s presence and said, “Only people that should be in our house will see our home.”  He then opened his eyes and floated over to sit on the couch so he could talk to Hartwell, who had walked over and sat in his chair.
Daniel had been a full-fledged vampire for such a short time, but it seemed that he was gaining more control of his extensive abilities with each passing moment.
“So, you failed to tell me about your hundredth kill,” Daniel stated.
Hartwell wanted to reassume control of the conversation immediately, 
“Do you mean the significance of it?”
Daniel didn’t even bother to open his mouth in response to such a feeble response.
“Let’s try that again,” he said inside on Hartwell’s mind without manipulating his thoughts.
“About who killed me?” Hartwell said without knowing what was going 
on at first. 
Daniel flashed an ‘okay’ sign with his right hand and replied, “Yeah, can you tell me a little about that?”
“What would you like to know?” Hartwell replied, sounding more like a politician not wanting to reveal the truth.
Daniel again felt that speaking out loud would be an affront to the spoken word.
“We both know that I can make you tell me anything I want to know, but I’d rather have a direct conversation with you.”
Hartwell finally understood the gravity of the situation. “Sorry, I’m just used to being the one that controls everything.”
Daniel replied, “No problem,” then he went right after it.
“Well it’s a little confusing to me that a man that was supposedly dead – a man…” Daniel tried to hold back his angst, “My father! Killed you for the hundredth time.  All I want to know is, how is that possible?”
Hartwell was starting to get used to Daniel calling him “dad,” and knew any mention of Cal Brewster – his arch nemesis – would put a crimp on his plans to become Daniel’s true father.
“Well…” he looked at Daniel and noticed that it probably wasn’t the best time to be indirect.  He was losing patience and it was just a matter of time before the information would be extracted from Hartwell, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
Hartwell surmised that Daniel would lose more respect for him if his admission were involuntary, so he quickly gave up the goods. “I buried him on the bottom of the ocean.”
“You did what?” Daniel exclaimed.
Daniel stood up and was about to explode, so Hartwell knew he had to be careful with a young vampire who what not completely in control of his powers yet.
“Let me explain…” Hartwell offered as he tried to stand up.
“Don’t get up,” Daniel filtered into Hartwell’s mind, as he sat back down again.
“All of this time we spent together was because you put a hole in my heart so wide that I would need you!  You manipulated me, and you left me alone without a father!”
“He’s a hunter,” Hartwell grunted.
“Did you ever think that I was destined to be a hunter?” Daniel countered.
Hartwell shook his head back and forth, “No.  I looked inside of you. 
You had the recessive gene for it, but it wasn’t active.”
“Was it really for you to decide?” Daniel stated in a tone that suggested that the conversation would cease to exist in short order.  “I need some time to think,” Daniel said as he glided toward the front door.
“I’ll be back for my mom in a few days.”
The front door opened and Brandon Justice stepped in before Daniel 
left.
“Who is this?” Daniel sarcastically laughed.  “Another one of your 
‘special’ turns?”
He then took one more shot at Hartwell by implanting his voice in Hartwell’s head, “I’m going to see my dad,” as he moved past Justice, who never saw him leave.
“Who was that and where did he disappear to?”
Hartwell yelled to Daniel, “I am your father!" as Justice was even more confused than before.
THREE
Daniel had no more time to waste, so he immediately located Cal. Brewster was just coming off the golf course after a forgettable 95 and had no further use for the game if it meant that he had to play sans-abilities.
Daniel preferred a one-on-one conversation for the first time – as opposed to trying to bond with him with the whole family around – so he tapped into Cal’s thoughts to see where he was headed next.  If it were straight home then he would confront him in the parking lot, but that proved to not be the case.
Cal planned on stopping to get a bite to eat at the Beach Haven Diner, where the soup of the day was split pea.  Upon arrival, he was ushered to a window booth by a young Greek woman with tight clothing and loose hair.  Trixie the waitress dropped a shot-glass-sized water on the table along with assorted munchables, which had surely past their freshness date.
He looked over the dictionary of food, commonly referred to as a diner menu, and would have usually ordered enough to fill the whole table. 
But he opted for a simple hamburger platter, instead.  Thoughts of an expanding waistline had him looking at salads for a minute, but in the end he needed something that would stick to his ribs.
Before Cal could order, Daniel walked in and caught his eye.  Of course, the vampire didn’t need to dress like a teen or even use his feet anymore.  For some reason, he wanted to make a memorable first impression on his dad.  Probably because Hartwell messed his mind up really good a few hours earlier.
Cal gave the menu a last look-over, and then closed it and picked up his head, so that the waitress would be alerted of his readiness.  Daniel walked through the front doors and looked around, even though he knew exactly where Cal was sitting.  He swiveled his head and then did a doubletake when he saw Cal.
Cal picked up his head and noticed a tall, lean young man walk in. 
Daniel was every bit the teenager, wearing a t-shirt, long basketball shorts, Nike flip-flops, and fitted royal blue Chicago Cubs hat that he wore backwards.  Cal had two quick flashbacks – one of him as an 18-year-old, and another of Daniel as a little boy.
He edged sideways toward the end of the booth and called, “Daniel?” in an unsure, but excited voice.
Daniel acted as if he didn’t hear Cal at first, but he heard everything – from his accelerated heartbeat to a voice that was familiar again.
Daniel looked over again and said, “Dad?”
The young vampire was not only extremely powerful he also could have been nominated for an Academy Award on the spot.
The two men ran at each other and met in a thunderous hug.  Daniel acted speechless and even had a few tears rolling down his cheeks, courtesy of the water glass on the table.
Once they got past the initial euphoric greeting, Cal said, “Sit down and join me for lunch.”  Daniel was obviously alone, so he agreed.       	Trixie came by and asked for their orders, so Cal – in typical Cal, take-charge fashion – did the ordering.
“Two hamburger platters.  I’ll have mine medium well.”
Trixie asked Daniel, “How about you, Danny?  Your usual, well done?”
Daniel nodded in agreement and then told Trixie in her thoughts, “Make mine blood red.”
  	Once the euphoria of reestablishing the initial connection subsided, the conversation took an unexpected turn.
“So, 15 years,” Cal said.
“I know,” Daniel replied, waiting for the opportunity to come clean with his ‘real’ father, not that phony vampire that turned him against his wishes.
Now that Cal was no longer a hunter, and was no threat to him as a vampire, Daniel decided that honesty would indeed be the best policy. That he would reveal his true identity to the world, despite Hartwell’s request to the contrary.
The small talk went back and forth for the next few minutes.
“I always wondered what you were doing.” Cal said in a tender moment.
Trixie came by with two big plates filled with meat, bread, French fries, union rings, coleslaw, and a pickle slice.
“Here you go, boys,” she said as she took a bottle of ketchup out of her endless apron pocket and rested it on the table.
    	“Will there be anything else?”
“No, we are fine,” Cal replied as Trixie – with her orthopedic shoes – went on to serve heart-stopping food to other customers.
Daniel’s burger was so rare that he could still hear the heartbeat of the cow from which it was made.
“You know, he turned me into a vampire,” Daniel thought about saying but never got the chance.
Cal stuffed one of each food from his plate in his mouth and then spoke.
“Drew told me that you got turned.”
Daniel decided not to talk with a face-full of moo, so he just nodded in affirmation.
Cal, the cold-blooded killer and apparent sociopath, hadn’t changed much despite the loss of his powers.
“Good thing we all lost our powers, because I would have killed you myself.”
So much for the warm homecoming of a father and son that never really seemed to connect in the first place.
Daniel was pretty quiet the next few minutes, as he valiantly suppressed the urge to lunge at his father’s neck and drain him of all of his blood.
Near the end of the meal, Cal capped an otherwise waste of a cow with some amusement.
“So, has your mother said anything about me?”
Daniel thought of his mother resting in Hartwell’s guest bedroom, just waiting to wake up and take a shot at Cal.
Daniel ignored the question, “Did you and mom have a good marriage?”
Cal got pissed as he tooth-picked his way to the Oral Residue Hall of 
Fame.
“I don’t think that’s any of your business, Daniel.  What me and your mom had was between us.”
Daniel could take no more.  He shut down Cal and everyone else in the restaurant for a moment and yelled, “Bullcrap!”
He unfroze everyone and then thought about extracting whatever information he wanted from Cal but decided against it.
“How did you get here?” Cal asked.
“I walked,” Daniel replied.
“You want a lift home?” Cal asked, trying to passively gain access to 
Belinda.
“I’d rather come with you and see Drew,” Daniel stated.
Daniel wasn’t going to set foot in Cal’s car, so he made him believe he was there, while he took care of a few odds and ends.
He texted Nicole, drank 10 pints of blood at Beach Haven Hospital, made sure everything was okay at his house, punched Hartwell in the arm for being right, and then stood on the side of the car as Cal pulled into the Brewster’s driveway.
Hartwell was on the floor from the painful blow, but then got up with a smile when he realized the source and intent of the love tap.
Daniel was eager to show his cousins that his powers had also been drained.  Although his initial instinct after speaking to Hartwell was to tell everyone that he was not mortal, he came to his senses after his own father challenged him.
Emily Brewster was relieved to see her nephew looking normal.  She watched Daniel and Andrew playing basketball in the backyard and saw no high-flying theatrics or sudden bursts of speed on display.
The truth was that the first time that Drew threw Daniel and alley-oop near the rim, Daniel nearly jumped out of his flip-flops.  Instead of acting, he waited for the ball to come down and then awkwardly flipped an errant shot that clanked off the rim.  
“So much for ‘The Three Slamigos,’ Emily Brewster said from her perch in the kitchen, referring to Daniel, Andrew and Nicole’s days as high school volleyball royalty.
        
FOUR
Daniel planned to wait a few days before venturing back to Hartwell’s, but he decided that he should be by his mother’s side.  Besides, there was no game system at his house, because his mother wouldn’t allow it.
It was close to midnight and Daniel was feeling like the day was just starting.  He glided into Hartwell’s house and the man of the house was fast asleep on the couch with the TV on.  Brandon Justice was already sleeping in the second guest bedroom, so Daniel hovered over the couch and flipped the game system on with his mind.
“I know you’re awake,” Daniel said as he looked straight ahead. 
“Where’s your boy?”
Hartwell sat up and replied, “He’s asleep in the second bedroom.  So, how is Cal?” 
Daniel again tried to control his temper, but said, “I wanted to rip his vocal cords out.”
Hartwell playfully backhanded Daniel on his arm, “Right!  I told you he was annoying.”
“He said he would kill me if I was still a vampire.”
Hartwell slowed his roll.  “Wow.  That is heavy,” borrowing from his groovy experiences of the 1960’s.
“I think he meant it.  He didn’t seem to have much of a sense of humor… unlike you.”
“That’s because I’ve killed him more times than he's killed me,” 
Hartwell stated.
Daniel was searching for the truth.
“He flipped out when I asked him about his relationship with my 
mom.”
“Turn that off for a second.  I’ll kick your butt later,” Hartwell playfully said as Daniel turned toward Hartwell as the TV went off.
Hartwell continued, “It’s really hard to maintain a relationship in our line of work.  So hard that we all sort of grew to expect that the sides would interchange every now and then.
Daniel hesitantly interjected, “You and my mom?”
Hartwell smiled, “She wasn’t on a side, or I might have taken a crack at her.”
Daniel’s face dropped.
“Or not,” Hartwell added.
“Who?” was all Daniel could muster.
“There were two people.”
Daniel was repulsed, “I’ll make pretend I didn’t hear that.  Change the subject… so, why did you bury him in the ocean?  Must have been over a 
girl.”
“Nicole’s mom.”
Daniel gasped, “Sharon and my dad?”
“Yes, times two.”
“Again, I’ll ignore that comment.  And you’re saying that my dad was having an affair with my aunt?”
Hartwell replied, “Yes, and it was starting to interfere with her duties as a protector.”
Daniel was speechless as Hartwell continued.
“Cal was becoming unstoppable because she wasn’t fighting to her full potential.  He was also a great warrior.  He doesn’t see boundaries when he’s fighting.”
Daniel perked up, “Like killing his own son?”
Hartwell put his hand on Daniel’s shoulder and warmly repeated, 
“Like killing his own son.” 
Hartwell was relearning a valuable lesson about fate and true love during his second go-round as a mortal.  When he was turned by 
Alexander Lowery, all he had was the belief that he would see his wife and young child again.  Losing them to the black plague in early 20th century San Francisco was painful enough but living without them for more than a century was pure torture.
Hiding behind murder and carousing his way across the country did little to mask Hartwell’s pain.  He sought to inflict mental anguish on the people in front of him, because it meant they would have something in 
common.
Earlier that day, Hartwell had taken Maggie out to lunch and it extended into dinner.  Maggie was the new Beach Haven High School librarian, and she also happened to be the first iteration of Hartwell’s wife who died in the early 1900’s.
“You seem different.  Calmer,” Maggie said as they were finishing up lunch at the Beach Haven Diner.  Hartwell was a multi-millionaire and could have taken Maggie anywhere in town – any restaurant in the world – but he wanted to take it slow.
“I have seen the future,” Hartwell confided.
“And what does it look like?” Maggie asked.
Hartwell looked out the window and then back at Maggie, “A lot like 
this.”
She smiled and blushed because her clear view of the future looked the same.
Hartwell and Daniel spoke about how he would deal with Nicole and her family.  Without powers to sense his whereabouts, it would be virtually impossible for either protector or hunter to uncover the truth.
But Daniel knew that his girlfriend would know the difference, so he decided to cloak his identity from everyone.  From everyone except 
Hartwell, whom he needed to confide in.  They even decided to keep Brandon Justice in the dark.  At only 16 years old, the newbie vampire would certainly spill the beans if he were holding the jar of truth.
While the trust of Daniel was now becoming natural, the old pack of hunters wanted to make sure that Hartwell was truly down for the count.
“I’m going into town to see if I can find him,” an eager Cal said.  He had forgotten what it was like to be mortal and was getting real itchy sitting around and drinking coffee all day.
Since Andrew was basically immobile for the next six weeks, Cal knew he had a captive audience to tell the tales of Hartwell.
“That bastard buried me because I was getting to him!  He couldn’t stop me anymore,” he told his young charge, who was itching his leg under the cast with a wire hanger.
Of course, Cal failed to tell Drew that he was literally sleeping with the enemy in the form of Sharon Phillips.  The Phillips family were Hartwell’s protectors – at least Sharon and Garrison Phillips were.  Sharon’s daughter and Garrison’s granddaughter, Nicole, was also Daniel’s protector and his girlfriend.
Cal ventured out into town and spotted Hartwell within 10 minutes of arrival, showing that his tracking ‘hand’ was still strong.  Hartwell appeared to be by himself, but he was actually meeting Maggie for lunch.
The former vampire greeted his girl with a peck on the cheek, once inside of a quaint establishment in the middle of town called Arturo’s Bistro. They sat down and engaged in small talk until Hartwell spotted Cal peering at him, and basically calling him out, on the other side of the front window.
Hartwell waiting like a lion perched in the tall grass, until Maggie noticed the obviously disturbed man looking at them.
“Do you know him?”
“Yes.  I think he wants to ask me a question.  Do you mind if I see what he wants?”
“Of course!” Maggie replied.
“Excuse me,” Hartwell graciously said as he removed the napkin from his lap, placed it on the table, and then slowly walked out of the restaurant.
Daniel was always tuned into ‘radio Hartwell,’ and was particularly interested to see how his mentor would handle the potentially violent situation.
Hartwell saw Daniel standing across the street, because he was the only one who had full access to him.
Cal walked past the door and into an adjacent alley, where Hartwell was more than happy to follow him.  The hunter had his back to Hartwell, but quickly spun around and struck Hartwell with his right fist in the corner of his eye.
“You buried me under the ocean!” Cal screamed as he stepped up to a fallen Hartwell and kicked him in the stomach.
“I can’t believe you turned my son!” Cal said as he propped Hartwell up and then knocked him down again.
Cal’s right knuckle was bleeding and he was so hopped up on with adrenaline that he didn’t even realize it.
Hartwell was on the ground and saw Daniel in the distance, so he thought, “Do you think he’s had enough?”
Daniel laughed and replied, “Let him get one more shot in.”
“You’re going to mask the cut on my face.  I don’t want Maggie to see me this way.  She won’t be with me if she knows I fight,” Hartwell thought.
“Would she be with you if she knew you were a vampire?” Daniel asked as Cal mumbled angrily to himself and got in another kick.
“Hold that thought,” Hartwell said as he unfolded his 6’3” frame and struck Cal with a mighty bolo punch to his kidneys.  Cal dropped down to his knees and was now face-to-face with Hartwell, who quickly stood up and swung for the fences with his right arm, connecting with Cal’s jaw and sending him flying on his back.
“The next time you try to come at me, you better bring that pretty sister of yours,” Hartwell said to a semi-conscious Cal.
Hartwell pulled a handkerchief from his right pants pocket and wiped away the blood from his mouth and the corner of his left eye.
He looked at Daniel, who was giddy from the action, and then seeing blood everywhere.  Hartwell thought, “Why don’t you go home and raid the fridge.  I have to get back to your mother, and you’ve had enough of my blood already.”
Daniel flew away and Hartwell walked back inside the restaurant. The hostess greeted him as if she saw no blood on his face and gravel in his hair.
“Is everything all right?” Maggie asked, making Hartwell momentarily doubt if Daniel remembered to cover up the fight.  
“Hartwell smiled, “Yeah, it’s great,” knowing no matter what he did, 
Maggie would love him for the rest of their days.
FIVE
As the days passed, Nicole moved further and further away from her darkest days.  Daniel went off the grid for a few weeks when he became a vampire, and then abruptly broke up with her when he discovered how dangerous he was.
Little did Daniel know that Nicole was his protector, and not only didn’t she fear him, but she would also always be by his side.
Nicole became so distraught with the break-up – which involved Daniel saying that he had met someone “better” than she – that she turned to Andrew Brewster as a shoulder to cry on.
That ended about 30 minutes later, when she successfully showed Drew that no girl was ‘better’ than her.  Drew was a believer until a dazed Nicole called him “Danny” as he was leaving her room.
Nicole, Daniel and Andrew had known of their triangle since they were eight years old, which was shortly after Hartwell injected his own blood into Daniel.  This electrified infusion set off a chain reaction, sending the wheels of hunter (Andrew) and protector (Nicole) in motion.
Beach Haven wasn’t a big town, at least by New York standards, with some 5,000 year-round inhabitants and another 2,000 summer residents. So, when you walked through the town, you were likely to see someone you knew.
 
Andrew and Carla were the other teenage power couple in town. Carla Perkins and Drew Brewster met at camp between their sophomore and junior years of high school.  There wasn’t many book studying done after that, because going to college wasn’t much of an option.
Andrew was Daniel’s hunter and Carla was Brandon Justice’s hunter, living in Portland, Oregon.  Hartwell sired Brandon Justice at the ripe age of 16 when he saw Justice being bullied by a group of teenagers.  Once they smacked him around a bit and smashed his glasses, Hartwell moved in.
Brandon was sitting on the ground and was crying.
“Wouldn’t you like to be a little stronger, son?” Hartwell asked.
Justice was in no mood to get another beat-down.
“Just leave me alone!”
Hartwell picked Justice off the ground without even touching him, and the two were face-to-face.
“What?  How are you doing that?” Justice whined.
“First of all, lower your voice.  Take that tone of voice with me again and it will be the end of you.  Understand?”
Justice stopped crying and was now an observant minion.
“Are you happy with your life?” Hartwell asked and then realized that teenagers never reply in concise answers.
“Yes, or no, I don’t have time to hear a book.”
The answer was as clear as his blurry, crushed glasses.
“No, I…”
“That’s two words.  I’ll just accept the first one.  You ready for question two?” Hartwell asked and then lowered the 5’9” Justice to the ground.
Justice nodded “yes.”
“Would you like to have cool powers like me?”
Since Justice was powerless, the question was rhetorical.
Hartwell morphed into a vampire and Justice got scared and screamed, so Hartwell changed back into his mortal form.  He completed the transformations a few more times, and the boy’s reaction was the same.  This back-and-forth could have gone on all night, so Hartwell entered his young recruits’ crowded brain.
“You will feel no pain.  You will keep your eyes closed.  You will not make another sound,” Hartwell instructed as he dove into the 16-year-olds pure blood source.
A few minutes later, Hartwell opened the vein in his wrist and let the expiring Justin drink from the tainted fountain of youth.
“Wow!  I feel better! a supercharged Justice said as he attempted to stand up.
“Yeah.  About that,” Hartwell said as he wrapped his long arms around the upper part of Justice’s body.
“See you on the other side,” Hartwell stated as he forcefully snapped the teenager’s thin neck.
“You think Justice is powerless?” Andrew asked Carla as they sat on his bed.
Carla hadn’t really thought it out since they delivered a peanut-based beat-down to her tormentor.  She had a sly grin on her face, “If he is, then he’s prime for another beating!  You know that kid is younger than us.”
“I’d say he’s 15 or 16.  Not much to deal with without his powers,” 
Drew replied.
It was morning and Daniel was floating in the middle of the main room, sleeping on his version of an air mattress.  Hartwell was in the shower and a groggy Brandon Justice staggered out into the room, his hair looking like he stuck his finger in an electric socket.
Justice looked over at Daniel, but instead of seeing him horizontal and floating, he saw him fast asleep on the couch.
“Good morning,” Justice blabbed as Daniel was already awake when 
Justice’s foot hit the floor in his room.
Daniel leveled off and his feet never touched the ground.
Although Justice had lived 34 years to Daniel’s 18, he was still a 16-year-old in incubation.  So Daniel took the lead.
Before Justice could open the fridge, there was a full breakfast spread of eggs, pancakes, and assorted meats and breads on the table.
“Who?” a flabbergasted Brandon questioned.
“No coffee for you, mister,” Daniel stated as he replaced the coffee cup in Justice’s sights with a tall glass of milk.
Daniel read a cookbook, prepared breakfast, and cleaned all of the pans, by the time Justice walked past the couch and toward the kitchen.
“I’m Daniel,” he said as he extended his long right arm.
Justice still had a few cob-webs, “Brandon.  Brandon Justice.  You must be Hartwell’s son.  He’s told me all about you,” Brandon gushed.
Instead of engaging in meaningless conversation and attempting to find out who Justice was, Daniel tapped into his brain and searched for his vampire memories.  He saw various iterations of him torturing Carla, and then a scene of Carla and Drew getting revenge, George Washington 
Carver style, all before Justice could get a piece of buttered toast in his mouth.
Daniel inwardly asked the question, “Did he do your parents, too?”
Hartwell walked out and was still very much in control, “Never touched his parents.”
Daniel couldn’t believe that Hartwell was still one step ahead of him.
“You’ll have to ask the boy about that one,” Hartwell added.
It was a few days after Hartwell turned Brandon, and he was itching to show his parents.  It had been a difficult 16 years for a kid desperately seeking to fit in anywhere.
Gregory and Julie Justice were married just after being named King and Queen of the Senior Prom, which coincidentally was the night he was conceived.
Brandon proved to be nothing like his teenage A-list parents, and they both resented him and each other because of it.
Greg was a janitor at Beaver Lake High School, and he was also assistant coach of the football, wrestling and lacrosse teams.  His wife Julie was the breadwinner of the family, as she was a successful pharmaceutical sales representative.
Brandon walked in the morning after he was fully turned, and he felt confident in his home for the first time.  However, there were no bags of blood in the fridge for this turn, and the newbie was getting hungry. 
“Where have you been, BJ?” Julie Justice asked with a tinge of anger in her voice.
“Mom!  I asked you not to call me BJ!” a whiny Brandon replied.  “And I was turning into a vampire.  See…” Brandon stated as he unfurled his wings and exposed his sharp teeth.
She wasn’t impressed, “That’s really cute, honey, but you’ve got a while before Halloween.  Aren’t you getting a bit ‘long in the tooth’,” she joked, “to be still dressing up in a costume?”
“It’s not a costume!  It’s real!” Brandon exclaimed as his mother looked over the mail and continued to ignore him.
His father walked in through the garage and was instantly mocked by his mother, who knew he had stopped at a ‘gentleman’s’ club on the way home.
“Had to clear a few extra toilets before you left, Greg?  You should have asked one of your skanky lady friends for a little help with your plunger.”
Greg Justice had absorbed just about every insult thrown his way and wasn’t even denying his indiscretions anymore.
 “At least they’re nice to me,” he stated.
“It will cost a lot more than a few crumpled singles to get me anywhere near you!” Julie yelled.
Greg was about to come back at her but noticed Brandon standing there.
“What is he doing here?”  And when he noticed Brandon’s teeth and wings he added, “And why is this fairy wearing a Halloween costume?”
“I am a vampire!” Brandon stated, trying to grab a shred of credibility.
Greg started to laugh out loud, and then his wife joined in, “If you’re a vampire, then I’m King freakin’ Kong!”
Brandon took crap for the better part of five minutes until his stomach started growling.
“I don’t like this anymore.  You can’t come and go as you please,” 
Greg said.
“Yeah!” Julia added.  “We’re going to need your keys,” she said as she extended her right hand while still looking at the mail.
Something snapped deep within Brandon’s core and he was no longer the dysfunctional couple’s estranged 16-year-old son.  Instead, he was now a completely famished vampire with nothing but blood on his brain.
He laughed in a much deeper voice, “You’re kicking me out of the house?”
Greg looked at Julie, and she looked back, as they said, “Yeah.”
Within seconds, his mom’s lifeless, bloodless body dropped to the floor while he slowly ended his father’s miserable existence.  Brandon was so angry and filled with rage that he scooped up their bodies, picked up a huge rock in the front of their house that was inscribed “JUSTICE,” tied a thick rope around the whole mess, and then flew to the middle of the Pacific Ocean and said, “This is your house now,” and then dropped them 
off.
He flew back home and cleaned up the mess so that no vampire would have the urge to clean, and no policeman could find a shred of DNA evidence.  He also put thoughts out into the universe, so no one would question the whereabouts of his parents. 
SIX
“That was some story, Brandon,” Daniel said as he looked at 
Hartwell.
“This kid is a born…” Hartwell was going to say the word ‘killer,’ but he knew the boy was sensitive to such references.  So he looked at Daniel for help.
“Brother.”
“Brother?” Brandon excitedly questioned.
Daniel again looked at Hartwell, who wanted him to back up his statement.
“Brother,” Daniel confidently repeated.  “I always wanted a little brother,” the 6’4” Daniel said as he glided over and put his arm around Brandon, who snuggled up to his chest.
Daniel motioned with his head for Hartwell to seal the deal, so he came over and embraced both of them in a group, bro’ hug.  “Like one happy family,” Hartwell stated.
Brandon smiled and accepted the love, “Can I go on your computer, dad?”
Hartwell played along, “Sure, son.  Just make sure you go on acceptable sites only.”
Brandon left the room glowing and the two men breathed a collective 
sigh of relief.  
“That kid’s been through enough,” Hartwell said.
“I guess this means that I’ll have to drive him everywhere and protect him, even though he annoys me.”
Hartwell nodded in agreement and replied, “Yes, but we have something more important than that to discuss.  Your mom should be waking up soon…”
Hartwell knew Belinda Thompson would be out and about within hours, and that she would be disoriented and fairly angry.  Potential targets for revenge would include Cal Brewster and, secondarily, himself.
With no lives left to spare, the man of the house was feeling the limits of his mortality.  He headed to the treadmill to relieve some anxiety over the prospect of this potentially being his last day on earth.  His last instructions to Daniel were:
“There’s a good chance that she’s going to come after me.  And if she does, this will be the last conversation we ever have.”
Hartwell always had a cell phone – even back in the days when it looked and felt like a brick.  He marveled at Daniel’s enhanced abilities but often wondered – sometimes out of envy – if the advancements would eventually become a hindrance to his son.
He thought often, while on the treadmill, about his pre-vampire life. 
How fulfilling it could be when the pieces all fit together perfectly. 
Belinda’s arrival into the dark world was choreographed – at least her first few minutes were.  She opened her eyes and her body transitioned from horizontal to vertical without her feet touching the ground.  She glided out of her room and was handed a pint of blood with a sippy straw by 
Brandon Justice, who was waiting outside of her room.
She contently sipped the chilled blood until flashes of disturbing images scanned through he upgraded brain.  A nasty image of Cal and Sharon fighting preceded another of the pair squaring off in a more intimate battle in the woods.
Belinda roared as she envisioned Hartwell giving his blood intravenously to Daniel in the hospital when he was a boy, and then Cal staking Hartwell for the 100th time.  The final image was of Hartwell introducing Daniel as a vampire.
The cylinders in Belinda’s brain tumbled until she locked on a target, and then all that was left to do was react.  The blood box dropped to the floor as she sped toward the sunroom and the target on the treadmill.
Papers that were neatly stacked on the coffee table scattered everywhere from the breeze created by Belinda’s speed.  Daniel senses his mother’s awareness and tapped into her thoughts the minute she awoke. He was standing next to the treadmill as his mother exposed her talon-like fingernails and swiped at Hartwell’s neck, cutting his head clean off.
She looked down at the head and was enraged when she saw that this image was made of cardboard.
“Where is he?” she screamed.
“Mom.  Mom!” Daniel yelled trying to get Belinda’s attention.  “It’s me, 
Daniel.”
Belinda was so focused that she didn’t hear her son at first.
“Daniel?  Danny?  Is that you?” she said.
Daniel moved closer and the two hugged.
“I’ve been looking for you everywhere,” a bewildered Belinda stated.
They hugged for a minute or so, as Daniel reassured Belinda that everything was going to be all right.
She looked down at the floor and noticed that her feet were not touching the ground.
“Then why am I floating off the ground?”
Daniel smiled, “Why does that have to be a bad thing?”
Belinda was bewildered.
“Mr. Hartwell and I will explain everything to you.”
She was agitated as the severed cardboard head floated up to her hand.
“I know this man!  Why do I know him?  And why did I just chop is head off?” she said as she looked at her long nails, which retracted as she stared at them.
“Come into the next room and let’s sit down and talk about it,” Daniel tried to reason with his mom.
She complied and then sat down on the couch in the big room and had a flash of being in a car crash.
Belinda gasped, “I was in the hospital and the doctors were talking about me dying and that I wasn’t going to make it through the day…”
She then flashed on her phone and the text from Emily Brewster that simply read, “Cal is back.”
“Your father is back?” she questioned.  “He killed that man… that man who’s head I chopped off.”
Hartwell was waiting for the right vibe – a situation that he would be allowed to live – to make his entrance and figured the pronouncement of his death would be as good a time as any.
Belinda was spooked as she saw Hartwell enter the room.
“Ahhh!  What is he doing here?” Belinda shrieked.
Hartwell was about to speak and making everything okay, but Belinda remembered seeing Hartwell injected his own blood into Daniel.
“Why did you do that to my son?” Belinda yelled as she was about revenge first and getting answers to her questions later.  She imagined herself lunging and strangling Hartwell, but Daniel said, “Stay,” before she could even move a muscle.
“Can you please get my mother another sippy bag, Brandon?”
Brandon walked to the fridge and returned with the pint of blood, taking a sharp straw and puncturing the bag before handing it to Belinda.
“I don’t want to have to detain you, but I can’t have you killing anybody.  At least, not just yet,” Daniel calmly stated.
“How?” was all Belinda could muster, as the power of her parental control had been transferred to Daniel.
Daniel let his hold over his mother go and she breathed a sigh out from the tension relief.
Hartwell looked at Daniel, giving him that fatherly look that it was time to come clean.  He also told Daniel through his thoughts, “Be direct.”
So Daniel sat on the couch next to his mother and stated, “We are vampires.”
“Think before you respond, mom,” Daniel transmitted the thought to his mother.
Belinda was ready to explode but heard Daniel’s thoughts.
“Can they hear our thoughts, Danny?”
“No mom, it’s just you and me.”
Daniel nodded to Hartwell, who nodded to Brandon, and the two ex vampires left the room.
“I still want to kill that guy, “Belinda said out loud.
“I heard that!” Hartwell joked as he went into his room.
They sat on the couch as Hartwell took Brandon into town to meet 
Maggie for lunch.
After Daniel downloaded the images of the car crash and subsequent events to his mother, he floated the early 20th century picture of his family between them and said, “This is going to be hard for you to grasp, but you have to know the whole story.”
She grabbed the picture and viewed it in disbelief.
“Danny, that’s you!  And that man!  And the new school librarian!” a shocked Belinda exclaimed.
He explained that they were a family during the early 1900’s in San 
Francisco, before the plague darkened the sky and he and his mother died. And the only way that Hartwell could ever see his family again was to die and then be reborn again as a vampire, much in the way they both transformed.
“He’s been following you ever since I gave birth to you?” Belinda asked.
“I think so,” Daniel replied.
Belinda then reluctantly asked, “So, I’m not your mother?”
Daniel smiled, “Of course you’re my mother!  I guess I have two mothers now.”
“Are we still allowed to hug?”
“Yes,” Daniel said as they met in a warm embrace.  “Unless, of course, we both have our wings out.”
Belinda had one more important question to ask, “Can I kill your father?”
“You mean, Cal?”
She said, “Yes.”
“We’ll get to that,” Daniel confidently replied as they floated toward the fridge for some more blood.
SEVEN
Hartwell took his recently adopted son, Brandon, into town for a little lunch.
“This is the friend of the family,” was the way he introduced his young charge to Maggie.
He could have said, “This is one of my children from hell,” because 
Maggie was so in love that she barely would have noticed.
Brandon went to the bathroom and Maggie seized the opportunity to ask the big guy a question.
“I have two tickets to the Shakespeare Festival in Massachusetts this weekend.  A fellow librarian cancelled last minute.”
Hartwell was so head-over-heels in love that if Maggie asked him to light his butt on fire, he probably would have asked the waitress for a match.
He didn’t respond at first, so she added. “The hotel has already been paid for.”
Hartwell replied, “I would love to go!”
The neophyte, Justice, returned to the table and clumsily asked, 
“Where are we going?”
Hartwell quickly corrected him, “We…” he said motioning to he and 
Brandon, “are not going anywhere.  But we…” motioning to he and 
Maggie, “are going away for a wonderful weekend.”
Justice was about to put up a stink and make a scene, but Hartwell stuck his right elbow into the kids’ ribs, temporarily taking the wind out of his sails.
Hartwell knew that lesser accommodations paid for by the school would not do, so he subsequently obtained the confirmation information from Maggie and then upgraded them, on his dime, to the best hotel in the area.  It was time for the multi-millionaire to come out of the walk-in closet.
After lunch, Brandon walked ahead and Hartwell finally sealed the deal with the couple’s first real kiss in more than a century.
The world spun on its axis a little faster, flowers bloomed to perfection, the birds were singing, and life had finally resumed for Thomas 
Hartwell.
Moments after Maggie pealed herself off her new boyfriend, Hartwell’s head was light as he looked for Brandon.  He didn’t have a care in the world during the first few minutes, but soon became concerned when there was no sign of the helpless chicken.
Hartwell’s first thought was to summon Daniel, who was always a stone's throw away, but he knew this time with his mother was crucial.
The Brewster family must have had a thing for remote alleys, because Hartwell eventually found Brandon being worked over by Andrew and his girlfriend Carla, who was tormented by Justice when he was her vampire.
“Hey!” Hartwell yelled as he ran down the alley to save the bruised and battered Justice.
Brandon looked up, squinting without his crushed glasses, and said,
“No,” to try and warn Hartwell.
Cal Brewster’s master beat-down plan had worked to perfection.
“Hold him up,” Cal said to Carla and a laughing Andrew.
It seemed that his nephew had as much of a propensity for gratuitous violence as Cal did.
Cal struck Hartwell in the jaw and guts until he felt the message was satisfactorily delivered.  He removed his handkerchief from his pocket and threw it toward Hartwell, as Carla and Drew let him go and he fell to the ground.
“Clean yourself up and remember that you’re one stake away from being off this planet.”
Before Hartwell passed out he whispered, “Daniel,” as the trio of aggressors walked away and Brandon Justice scampered over to aid Hartwell.
Daniel was having a nice chat with his mother when he heard his name being uttered.
“We have to go.  Follow me,” he said to his mom and they were downtown and next to his fallen father within seconds.
His mom stood there and exclaimed, “Wow!”
Daniel moved in real close to Hartwell, who looked at him through a battered face.
Daniel asked, “Cal?”
Hartwell nodded, “Cal.” 
Then he held Daniel’s arm, “His day will come, my son, but I would like to be the one.”
Daniel was always a team player, even back to his days with Nicole and Andrew as ‘The Three Slamigos,’ when Drew used to hog the spotlight.
But this was now Daniel’s show, his team.
“It doesn’t matter who ends up with him.  We all have our reasons to take him out,” he replied sternly to Hartwell and then looked around at Brandon and Belinda, who nodded in dedicated affirmation.
He then looked down at Hartwell, who painfully smiled and also nodded in acquiescence.
Hartwell rested for the next day or two while Daniel, Belinda and 
Brandon attended to some business. 
“What are you going to do with the house?” Daniel asked his mother as they stood in the kitchen drinking blood out of wine glasses.
Although Belinda was now a vampire she still had the mind of a realtor.
“I don’t know.  This is a really tough market.  I don’t think we can even get what we paid for it.”
Daniel smirked and replied, “Do you realize that only a few people can see what this place really looks like?” as he motioned his hand to the beauty that surrounded him.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
Daniel snapped his fingers and the two were no longer standing in the top-of-the-line modern kitchen, but an abandoned warehouse with broken windows and dust and dirt everywhere.
He then snapped his fingers again and stated, “I didn’t really have to snap my fingers, but I thought it looked cool.”
Belinda smiled, “Yes, and don’t do that again.  I’ll have to go on a cleaning binge.”
Brandon Justice came out of his bedroom and said, “What was that?” 
He was squinting because his glasses had been crushed by Carla and 
Andrew.  “I think I saw something that wasn’t right?”
“You didn’t wear glasses when you were a vampire, right?” Daniel asked as he focused on Brandon’s eyes.
“No, I had better than perfect vision,” Justice replied.
Daniel’s unbounded brain pried its way inside Justice’s eyes and altered the makeup of his eye enough to correct his blurred vision.
“Close your eyes,” Daniel said as Brandon complied.
“What would you do if I was able to correct your vision?”
Brandon beamed, “I would kiss you!”
Daniel rolled his eyes and looked at his mom, “What else?”
“I would listen to everything my big brother tells me to do.”
Daniel was almost impressed, “Like keeping your room clean?”
His mother interjected, brain-to-brain, “You know that I’m going to clean it anyway?”
Daniel nodded at his mother as Justice enthusiastically agreed to it. “Can I open my eyes?” Justice said like a child waiting next to the tree on Christmas morning.
“Yes,” Daniel replied as Brandon opened his eyes and looked clearly around as if he was seeing things for the first time.
“I can see!  I can see!  No more broken glasses!” he exclaimed as he jumped around and then kissed Daniel on the cheek.
“You know, I could have avoided that,” Daniel said to his smiling 
mom.
“You liked it,” she gushed.
Brandon realized that he was yelling.
“Do you think I woke Hartwell?  He’s grumpy when you wake him up.”
“No, he’ll be fine,” Daniel replied knowing that he had cloaked 
Hartwell’s room with a silencer.
Belinda then went back to their house and cleaned it from attic to basement.  She never listed the house or even put it up for sale, yet a wealthy middle-aged man with no prior interest in the area knocked on the door and paid her double what she paid for it ten years prior.
Half of the $700,000 sale price was accounting for in a conventional way, and the other half was transmitted through an electronic deposit into Belinda’s bank account.  She had quit her job days before and did not owe her agency one dime for the sale.  Not that it mattered anyway, because she could have made people believe just about anything she wanted.
EIGHT
Daniel was doing an excellent job of distracting his mother.  The tremendous real estate win – courtesy of the mysterious and wealth gentleman – was now paramount in Belinda’s thoughts, although thoughts of draining Cal were still lingering in the shadows.
“You know, I haven’t forgotten about your father,” Belinda said to 
Daniel.
Hartwell was now awake and moving around freely, thanks to Dr. 
Daniel.
He had scanned Hartwell’s entire body, fused broken ribs, and repaired damaged facial bones and skin.
Hartwell looked in the mirror and his face was basically healed, just in time for the big weekend with Maggie.
He walked into the main room and noticed that Brandon was able to see him without his glasses.
“Who gave the kid a new set of eyes?” the king of sarcasm asked.
Daniel raised his hand as if he were a student taking credit for his action.
“Enough of this banter!  We have to talk about school,” Belinda said with all of the seriousness of a focused mom.
Hartwell couldn’t resist, “I don’t think I can find my birth certificate.”
Belinda was about to get mad until she saw Hartwell smile.  She then turned to Daniel and Brandon and said, “He’s good.”
The boys nodded in agreement that Hartwell was indeed “good,” even though the undeniable force of his vampirical powers was missing.
Belinda would not be deterred.
“You have a volleyball scholarship mister, and school starts in a little over a month.”
Daniel wanted so badly to talk to Hartwell on an internal basis, so 
Hartwell started the conversation.
“You should go to school.  I learned that the hard way – you never know when you’ll need an education.”
“But I could be a millionaire without ever stepping foot into college,” 
Daniel countered.
Hartwell looked at Daniel and said, “You can download four years of information in less than a day.  Then you can get a graduate degree, a doctorate, a law degree, and pass the bar exam by the end of September.”
“What about volleyball?” Daniel asked.
Hartwell wasn’t impressed.
“What about volleyball?”
Daniel agreed, “Exactly.”
While Daniel and Hartwell were exchanging ideas, Belinda went to work on her new child, Brandon.
“And you, eagle eyes?” she quipped, as it seemed that nobody could resist taking a shot at Justice.
“You haven’t been to school in 18 years.  It looks like they put you ahead and you had only one year left to graduate.”
“How did you know that?” Brandon asked in awe.
“I downloaded your student files from your high school in Portland. And while we were standing here I also updated and transferred your files to the Beach Haven High School database, and the registered you for classes in the honors tract.  It’s time you used that huge brain of yours, 
Einstein.”
Belinda was never known to ‘crack’ on anyone, let alone 16-year-olds with a blatant lack of confidence and self-worth.  But she felt empowered to say whatever she wanted whenever she wanted, whenever it flashed into her mind, no mind about the consequences.
Across town, similar conversations were taking place at both the 
Brewster and Phillips residences.
“You got a letter from your volleyball coach that practice is going to start in a few weeks,” Sharon Phillips said as she looked over the mail.
The letter had been sitting on the kitchen counter for almost a week, and Nicole was too distraught and nervous to open it.
“I can’t go,” Nicole whined.
Sharon wasn’t giving up that easily.
“Going to play volleyball, or going to school?”
Nicole was in no mood to discuss her future.
“Both!”
“What?  Is Daniel going?”
“We have no abilities – or haven’t you noticed?” Nicole uncharacteristically snapped back.
Sharon never backed down, at least not without a good fight.
“Oh, I have noticed!  This little pity party you have going on is quite convincing, but you got good grades even before those whole thing started.”
But Nicole knew the story, the entire story.
“What, in second grade?  We both know that anything I’ve done from third grade until now has enhanced my abilities.”
“So, instead of being an ‘A’ student you will be a ‘B’ student.  And, instead of being one of the three best volleyball players on the planet, you will be an above-average player worthy of a scholarship.”
Nicole thought it over and replied, “I’ll talk to Daniel about it.”
Conversations about school were popping up like tulip bulbs on the first sight of spring in Beach Haven, New York.
 “What are you going to do, Drew?” a disturbed Emily Brewster asked her son.
“We thought we would do some traveling,” Andrew replied as he hoped his mother would go for the ‘finding myself’ plan.
Thaddeus Brewster, Andrew’s grandfather and Emily’s father, was sitting nearby reading the newspaper in his worn leather recliner.
“I tried to find myself once, but I got lost somewhere in Vancouver, 
Canada and had to hitch my way back to the states.”
Emily rolled her eyes, tired of the insane rantings of her father, while also getting a bit of ‘cabin fever’ despite Daniel’s smokescreen created to impart family harmony.
Cal and Emily were twins and remained connected in every sense of the word.  They were warriors and the void left by their vacated powers was noticeable.
“You’ve become very snippy since Cal came back,” Andrew said.
“Snippy?  Snippy!” Emily defiantly yelled.
Thaddeus put his paper down and muttered, “This should be good.”
“That still doesn’t change the fact that someone has to tell you two the cold, hard truth,” Emily stated.
“What is that mom?” Drew asked.
Emily challenged her inner-samurai and delivered the death null.
“You two did nothing in high school and now you have to pay for it. 
I’m not giving you another dime until you both sign up for classes at Island Community College!  And just signing up won’t be good enough, because any drooling fool can walk in and sign up.  You must get a ‘B’ or better to stay on my payroll.  Got it?”
Drew looked at Carla and she reluctantly nodded at him, and then he said, “Okay.” 
 
“We have to get in shape dad!” Nicole Phillips yelled into the air while in her room.
She assumed that her FBI dad still had bugs all over the house as part of his ongoing investigation.  Agent Blake Wallace failed to inform his central office that all of the people he was watching in the ‘Hartwell Control Group’ were now powerless.
Blake happened to be in the house and walked down the hall and into Nicole’s room.
“You don’t have to say it so loud, I can hear you,” the still-charming ex-lifeguard said.
“Wow!  That works really well.  What, were you in a van in front of the house?”
 Blake walked in and kissed his daughter.
“You’ll be happy to know that I’ve taken down all of the bugs in this house.”
Nicole was still curious.
“How about Andrew Brewster’s house?”
Blake internally debated on whether he should let Nicole in on matters of national security.
“Are you crazy?  Those people are still dangerous, especially with Cal back.”
Nicole laughed, “You have to let me listen sometime.”
Blake was putty in his daughter’s hands – he had a lot of lost time to make up with daddy’s grown-up girl.
 	“So what is this working out thing all about?” he asked as he removed a white headband from his pocket and slid it onto his head.
“I have to get in shape for volleyball practice.”
“You’re gonna’ go to school?”
“Yeah, mom convinced me.”
Nicole angled her long, lean frame out of the bed and extracted a pair of socks from her dresser, and then went into her closet and removed a pair of pink-striped Adidas running shoes.
While she was lacing her sneakers, Blake flashed back to his morning 10-mile runs along the beach when he was a life-god.
“Mom showed me some pictures of you back in the day,” Nicole stated.
She stood up and was a few inches shorter than her father.  Nicole then slapped his stomach with the back of her hand.
“You sure you’re up to this?”
Of course Blake wasn’t, but his ego replied, “I can handle it.  How long?”
“We’ll start with a gentle five-miler and then we’ll build from there.”
They walked out of Nicole’s room and into the hallway.
“Mom, we’re going for a run!”
Sharon Phillips expected to see Nicole and Daniel in front of her when she walked through the kitchen.  She laughed when she spotted Blake in a tight pair of shorts, and overmatched t-shirt, an old pair of running shoes, and the snow-white headband.
“Are you sure you’re ready for this, Wallace?”
“As ready as I’m going to be, Phillips,” he replied.
Blake and Nicole walked out of the front door and did some stretching on the front lawn.  He was careful not to stretch too much, in fear of creating a huge draft in the back of his shorts.
“Ten bucks says he runs out of gas before a mile,” Sharon said to her father, Garrison.
“You’re on!” Gary replied.  “That guy has incredible lung capacity for a mortal.”
Sharon chuckled, “Yeah, but it’s filled with cheeseburgers and chicken wings.”
Nicole started out on a leisurely pace, both to get herself loose and give her dad a better chance at survival.
For his part, Blake was working it.  It had been a number of years since he had donned the gym shorts and strapped on a pair of running shoes, and even longer since he dared to ‘get physical’ by wearing a headband.
Blake was sweating profusely and the peak of his running existence was now a few strides behind.  He huffed and puffed, and he probably could have blown the first couple of little pigs’ houses down.
“How long?” he grunted.
Nicole, being 18 and in peak physical condition, was barely breathing.
“About a half-a-mile.”
Blake’s world was shattered.  He was hoping to hear “four miles,” but instead was reminded again how physically lame he had become.
Nicole looked over at Blake to see if he was going to quit.  He saw the look in her eyes and knew that he had been away from her too long, that it was time to gut it out.
“I don’t want to slow you down.  I’ll be right behind you,” Blake said with increasing difficulty.
“Okay,” Nicole replied and instantly put the ‘pedal to the metal’ and left Blake in the dust.
Blake, to his credit, hung on while his daughter breezed through the five miles and returned home.  She took a quick shower and then walked into the kitchen.
“Is he back yet?” she asked Sharon and Gary.
Sharon put her hand out toward Gary, but he wasn’t willing to concede the 10 bucks just yet.
They piled into the car and Nicole guided her grandpa’ through her running course.
“I made a left here onto Updike.”
Garrison drove half-way down the two-hundred-yard block and then pulled off to the side of the street and parked the car.  He looked at the ‘A’ odometer, which he had reset to zero when they got into the car, and it read “2.4.”
“I told you!” Gary exclaimed as he pointed to the mileage.
“Well, I’ll be…” a surprised and interested Sharon whispered.  She reached into her purse and pulled out a crisp 10-dollar bill and handed it to Garrison, who folded it and slid it into the breast pocket of his shirt.
They all exited the car and walked over to Blake, who was fast asleep in the shade leaning against a light post.
“He looks so peaceful,” Nicole said as the trio stood on the street side of the curb looking down on Blake.
Blake’s shirt was drenched – Sharon walked up to her ex-husband and touched him gently on his wet forehead.
“Wake up, sleepy-head.  We don’t want the neighbors to start talking about the sweaty guy sleeping on someone’s lawn.”
They helped him get into the back seat of the car – Gary put a beach towel down first – and then drove home in the time it took Blake to bend over and put on his sneakers earlier in the day.
“I’m going to Daniel’s,” Nicole said as she fetched her bike from the garage and then peddled off.
Sharon walked around the car and reached her hand out, helping a creaky Blake get out of the car.  She continued to hold his hand as they walked up the stone-flecked path toward the front door.
Garrison knew that three was once again a crowd, so he graciously ducked out.
“I’m going to Home Depot and then to get some lunch in town,” hinting that he wouldn’t be home for a few hours.
Blake wasn’t thinking about anything but his next painful step as he and his ex-wife entered the house.
Conversely, Sharon was all worked-up at the sight of her hunky ex beau exerting himself physically.  Before Blake even knew what was happening, Sharon came at him like a linebacker in pursuit of an immobile quarterback.
The power of love numbed Blake’s pain and transitioned his focus solely to Sharon.  Eighteen years of absence and wonder were bridged in the matter of 20 minutes.
Sharon was now sweaty, “Why did we break up?”
Blake replied, “I have no idea.”
TEN
It was finally the day that Carla and Drew’s casts were to be removed.  Days and nights of itching and scratching – at least under the casts – were about to come to a welcomed end.
Drew went into the exam room first while Carla and Cal sat out in the waiting room.  Calvin Brewster was definitely not the master of idle chitchat, but when he was curious he got answers.
“Don’t you want to call your parents and tell them what’s going on?” 
Cal jumped right in off the high dive.
Carla casually replied, “That won’t be necessary, Mr. B.  My parents are totally cool with it.”
“Totally cool with what?”
“With it.  The whole thing,” Carla replied.
Cal was even more confused than when he started.
“With you living in New York?”
“With my living in the ‘apple,’ with me living anywhere.  My mom had me in her 40’s, so I was sort of an ‘oops’ baby, although my parents never made me feel that way.”
Carla added, “They were teenage hippies back in the ‘60’s, so they wanted me to get out in the world and find myself.”
It was obvious that Cal and Carla hadn’t had any ‘sit down and chat’ time since he returned.
Carla whipped out her phone and answered a text.
“Who is that?” a fiercely protective Cal asked.
“It’s Drew.  He’s just asking if I’m talking to you.  Yes, he’s being very nice,” Carla said as she typed that message back to Drew.  She was proving to be much more easygoing as a mortal than she was as a hunter in-training.
“So, Justice was your mark?” Cal asked, shifting to a more comfortable topic: business.
“Yeah, but I never really got the chance to be a hunter.  He tortured me for years before I came on-line.”
Cal was all about revenge, “He took your life, take his,” the ice-cold killer stated.
Carla was more focused on her relationship with Drew and their imminent trip to ‘money’ college.  But she saw the ‘knowing’ look in Cal’s eyes and replied, “I’ll think about it.”
Drew walked out of the exam room and raised his bare fists to the sky in victory as he stepped into the waiting room.  Carla thankfully stood up and have him a kiss as he whispered, “I can’t wait for you to get yours off.”
Drew took Carla’s warm seat in the empty waiting room and continued to flex his healed leg.
Again, Cal went right to work, playing a hunch.
“Did I ever tell you about how I escaped from my grave at the bottom of the ocean?”
Drew gave it some thought, “No, I don’t think you have.  I mean, I know you escaped and I know you killed Hartwell and then came home, but 
I don’t think I’ve ever heard your story about how you got out?”
“I’ve never told the story because there is no story.”
Drew was miffed, “What do you mean there is no story?”
“One minute I’m comatose and trapped in hell and the next minute 
I’m being rammed by some shark,” Cal explained.
Andrew muttered, “Huh?  Did you say you were rammed by a shark?” “Yeah a shark!  Why?” Cal interestingly questioned his nephew.
Drew was freaked out.  “No reason,” he said but his eyes revealed another story.
Cal listened to the response but saw the confused expression on Drew’s face.  He let it go for a few minutes, but that was all the grace period he would afford his nephew.
Carla came out with a pale arm, which in no way matched her other tanned arm, but at least it worked again.
Drew was still getting used to his renewed mobility as they exited the car and walked toward the front door.  He was being trailed by a persistent 
Cal, who was rigorously questioning Andrew about his reaction.
“Why did you react that way, Drew?”
Andrew was trying to get as far away from his uncle as possible.
“It doesn’t matter anymore!” Drew yelled as he walked into house.
That wasn’t the uplifting homecoming Emily Brewster was expecting.
She headed toward the front door and stopped her brother, who was in hot pursuit.
“Whoa!  What’s going on here?”
Carla moved near the twins and politely said, “Excuse me” as she slipped past Emily on her way to Drew.
“He knows more than he’s saying, Em!” Cal yelled.
“About what?” Emily questioned.
Carla followed Drew into the backyard and tried to be supportive.
“What’s wrong with him?”
“He’s a lot more like me than I thought,” Drew countered.
“What is he talking about?”
Drew was ready, “When Daniel came to me and told me that he was a vampire, I was really angry and upset.”
He burned a hole in the concrete patio with his eyes, as he looked for the words to present themselves.
“I jumped in the air, changed into a hawk, and kept climbing until I couldn’t breathe anymore.  And then I plunged into the ocean, picking speed as I bulleted downward, wanting to crash my head into any unforgiving surface.
Drew then picked up his head and looked into Carla’s big brown eyes.
“When I hit the water I did something that I had never done before.”
“What’s that?” Carla asked.
“I turned into a shark.”
Emily and Cal gasped in unison in stunned disbelief.
Cal was on the top step of the patio and exclaimed, “I knew it!”  He then walked onto the patio and confronted Drew.
“What the f…” Cal started until Emily elbowed him in the kidneys.
“Why have you been holding out on us,” Cal said as he ignored his stinging back.
Drew was confused by all of the sudden attention.
“I didn’t realize it until you talked about a shark ramming into the rocks.”
Emily looked at Cal and said, “Evolutionary tract.”
Cal quickly mulled it over and nodded, “Evolutionary tract.”
A familiar visitor was standing next to Drew on the patio yet was completely undetected. Daniel was back at Hartwell’s a split-second later and said to the former vampire, “Evolutionary tract.”
“Where did you come from?” Hartwell asked.
“Brewster’s,” a serious Daniel replied.
“I thought you made it so they couldn’t start any trouble?”
“What does evolutionary tract have to do with Cal getting free?” 
Daniel asked.
“I don’t know, you tell me?” Hartwell countered.
“Can hunter’s swim?” Daniel asked.
“Not very well, I’ll tell you,” Hartwell quipped.
 	He could see that Daniel was losing patience, and that wasn’t necessarily a good thing.  At least not this time.
“Evolutionary tract.  Evolutionary tract..” Hartwell repeated trying to access his cerebral database.
“Ah!  It is possible for us – and by ‘us’ I mean vampires, protectors and hunters – to develop a new iteration, or evoke a new skill over time, over subsequent generations.  Why?  Who?” Hartwell started and then stated, “What has Andrew gotten himself into?”
“I accessed his brain and the heated conversation between Cal and Drew,” and before Daniel could ask Hartwell if he wanted to see the image, it was playing in his head.
“Once Hartwell had viewed the particulars, he looked at Daniel in amazement.
“You see, I can’t… couldn’t do that.  A perfect example of evolutionary tract.”
“So, Drew is a shark?” Hartwell added.  “I could have told you that.”
Daniel nodded, “Evolutionary tract.”
Hartwell concurred, “Evolutionary tract.”
ELEVEN
College started and Nicole felt sluggish and tired.  Of course, none of that mattered because Daniel made it so that everything his girlfriend did or didn’t do was viewed as spectacular.
On volleyball scrimmage in particular, Nicole fell asleep at home but her teammates gushed for days about her play.  Nicole even remembered having a particularly good day.
Daniel, for his part, never showed up for a class or a single practice or game yet was a straight ‘A’ student and was captain of the college volleyball team as a freshman.  The other captain was, of course, Nicole 
Phillips.
It was three months since graduation and things were about to radically change.  Aside from the teenagers going to college, the reality of aging had sunk into the minds and bodies of all the adults.  Beach Haven Fitness was about to experience some increased activity of the competitive kind.
“We have free weights in the back, treadmills, bike and ellipticals in the front, and circuit-training weights in the middle,” an upbeat and juiced Steve Barbara said to Hartwell, Belinda, Sharon, Blake and Garrison as they got the tour after joining the health club one Saturday morning.
It had been a few days since Hartwell invited Sharon and Gary over to informally introduce them to the new Belinda.
“Belinda, this is… excuse me, were my protectors, Garrison and his daughter Sharon.” 
Belinda was a bit confused at first, “I was under the impression that we had already met,” she said as she shook both of their hands and then zoomed into the kitchen to use a disinfectant wipe.
“Still trying to get used to the whole cleanliness thing,” Hartwell said to Sharon and Gary.
“We had to protect our identities for obvious reasons,” Sharon said to 
Belinda as she turned to Hartwell.
Pleasantries were exchanged, being that Daniel and Nicole’s relationship made them only a few steps away from being in-laws – something most teenagers shuddered to think about.  It was probably one of the last things pawing and clawing teenagers have queued up in the make-out processional of thoughts.
“We should work out,” Garrison said to Hartwell, ever mindful of the crew’s level of fitness.
The likely destination was Beach Haven Fitness, where they were introduced to the mortal equipment by a juicehead with all of his muscle stored from the waist up.
“I like to hit up a 30-minute circuit, go to my bag for a protein bar, and then hit up another 20 minutes of free weights to really make my pec’s burn.
Sharon looked at Hartwell and mocked, “Feel the burn.”
“That’s right, Sylvia!  Feel the burn!  Live the burn!” Stevie B. 
excitedly said to Sharon.
“Do you have a pool here?” Gary asked.
Hartwell looked at Gary and smiled, knowing that his death-long protector missed swimming in the deep end of the ocean.
“Glad you asked, Randy!  Follow me to the aquatic center.  Although I’m not a lover of water, it has cardiovascular benefits for people of an advanced age.”
Hartwell joked, “Like your mother?”
The group, except for Stevie, snickered.
Stevie B. was undaunted, “As a matter of fact, my mother has been known to get wet and enjoy playing enjoy playing with some water toys.”
Belinda couldn’t take it, “That’s what he said,” tapping into a previously untested desire to mock.
“That is correct, Blair.  That is for sure what I just said,” Stevie replied and the continued to march on.
“Let’s go back into the gym and I’ll show you our basketball and racquetball courts.”
The group walked out of the chlorine-laden cesspool of germs and back into the main workout area.
Sharon was still watching Hartwell’s back, primarily out of habit and partly because he had a fuzzy doodle hanging from his shirt.  Once she removed the fuzzy doodle, she spotted a familiar foe coming at them.  She then reacted the only way she knew how, by securing the premises and hunkering down.
She said, “Brewster at three o’clock,” as she tripped over her father’s size 13 shoes and wound-up grabbing Stevie B.’s waist and forcing him to the ground.  Stevie’s body, however, never touched the ground as he said – with Sharon on his back – “Yes, Samantha, it’s an excellent time for a resistance-assisted, push-up demonstration.”
She held on to the top-heavy Adonis like he was a mechanical bull and was about to get some airtime.
Cal Brewster witnessed the snafu, and his initial scorn at the site of 
Hartwell quickly turned into pure concern for his lost love, Sharon.
For her part, Sharon held on for a good eight seconds, which was some sort of unofficial record at B.H.F.  As she tried to hold on for the ninth second, Sharon went flying into the air as Stevie B. exploded from the down position to the up position.
Cal was no longer explosively fast but he did have a very quick first step.  He ran the 20 feet over to the spot where he anticipated Sharon would land, but he went from hero to zero in the blink of an eye.
Sharon was about to land on her feet but Cal knocked into her and she spun around and was headed for a back-to-floor crash.
Hartwell, Blake and Gary ran over to Sharon to see if she was all right, and Belinda took her time getting over there.
“Are you okay?” daddy Gary asked his daughter.
Sharon sat up and winked at Belinda, who had managed to cushion her spinning body just before she hit the floor.
She moaned, “My neck,” as clueless Stevie B. transitioned into a handstand.  In his steroid-infused haze, building muscle upon muscle was a pursuit the one-dimensional flexor gladly pursued.
Blake looked over at Belinda and she knowingly smiled as he smirked back.  He felt good being part of a team for a change, instead of always going it alone.
Thaddeus, Emily, Drew and Carla sped over to help Cal get up, but he wouldn’t accept the assistance.  He never accepted assistance.
“I’m all right.  Let me get up!” he gruffly said.
Cal then tried to walk over to Sharon but Blake blocked his path.
“We got this, Brewster,” he said, extending his forearm into Cal’s chest.
Cal only liked contact if he could reciprocate.
“You better watch it, fat boy.  Never know when my foot will go up your…”
Blake leaned in a sternly stated, “Wouldn’t want to wake you up in the middle of the night and stick you in a jail cell for the rest of your life with a roommate named Bubba.  Would you, Calvin?”
Cal backed up to see if Blake was for real.
Blake cut to the chase and flashed his FBI credentials.  He then said to Cal, “Sir, are you making a threat against the U.S. government?”
He then moved closer to Cal and said, “Stay away from her, Brewster.  She’s mine.  She’s always been mine,” as testosterone shot through his body.
Cal wanted nothing more than to lunge at Blake and take his head off, and he would have tried if Drew and Thaddeus hadn’t hauled his short-tempered butt out of the club.
Blake winked at Cal and then blew him a kiss, as Brewster had his 
‘killer eyes’ on once again.
Sharon watched the machismo show from the carpeted floor and counted it as the single greatest moment of her life.  Nicole’s birth would have obviously been in the top spot if Blake had been there.  The arrival of her beautiful girl was definitely bittersweet.
The botched rescue attempt and subsequent confrontation made Cal want to be with Sharon even more.
“Why are you so hooked on that boney beyotch?” Emily asked her brother once they got back to the house.
Call rolled his eyes because getting in touch with his sensitive side was definitely an expensive long-distance call.
“Don’t make me say it!  You know why I did it!”
Drew and Carla sat down at the kitchen table, joining Emily and 
Thaddeus.  Cal remained standing.
They all waited for Cal to speak and he delivered.
“I love her!” he yelled.
Sound waves traveled through the atmosphere and penetrated the keen senses of Belinda Thompson, who was sitting in the center of 
Hartwell’s main room meditating with her eyes closed.
Belinda opened her eyes violently and was in the Brewster’s kitchen alongside Cal before the next word was spoken.
“What do you mean you love her?  When did this happen?” a shocked Emily Brewster asked.
Cal reluctantly dug into his personal life, “A few days before he buried me…” was all he could muster.
“What about Belinda?” Thaddeus asked about Cal’s wife at the time.
The question was also on the tip of Andrew’s tongue, but he slammed on the breaks when thoughts of cheating on Carla with Nicole danced through his head.
Belinda waited anxiously for Cal’s reply - as if she were watching the juicy part of a soap opera - only she was being mentioned in all of the drama.
Cal turned cold, shutting down all the warmth he had when talking about Sharon.
“What about Belinda?” he stated connoting that she wasn’t even worth mentioning in the same breath as Sharon.
Belinda was furious!  She also happened to be a powerful vampire that could end Cal with one swipe of her extended claws.  Her face turned veiny and her teeth extended as she reached her right arm back and was about to literally wipe that stupid look off his face.
Good thing that Daniel was faster than his mother, because he grabbed her and whisked her away before anyone in the kitchen realized they were there.
TWELVE
Cal wasn’t satisfied with anything, let alone his embarrassing effort at the health club and then being questioned by his family about his feelings for Sharon.
On the cool side of the pillow, Sharon was completely satisfied with being courted by two men that she genuinely loved.  She also had a few forays over the years with Hartwell, but the connection was purely professional and the linkups had been few and far between in the past ten years.
“Where are you going?” Emily asked her unstoppable brother, knowing full-well where he was headed.
Cal stopped in his tracks and stood two feet in front of his sister.
“Have we lost this thing?” Cal asked, pointing to his eyes and then her eyes.
She immediately took down the emotional wall and replied, “No, of course not.”
“You’re gonna’ stop asking me questions you already know the answer to.”
“Yes,” she said as they hugged.
Emily watched him walk out of the front door even though she knew that dating the enemy – even in times of mortality – was never a good or lasting thing.
If anyone knew about dating the other side it was Emily Brewster. Her contentious relationship with Hartwell landed her in hot water with her father many times, and Hartwell knew it and used it to his advantage.
Their relationship was passionate but was based more on Hartwell’s desire to manipulate and control, rather than his unending desire to be with her.  His heart had only one destination in all his years as a vampire, and that was with his wife Maggie.  The rest of his liaisons were about filling time and covering a fraction of the huge void left by her death.
Cal was initially frustrated with his lack of tracking skills, because under ‘normal’ conditions he could smell Sharon’s scent – even in the faintest of zephyrs.
But he decided to let his natural instincts take over, and when that failed he went into Beach Haven Bagel to get some lunch.  Cal took his everything bagel with cream cheese - hold the lox because he abhorred anything that came from water, except Sharon - and sat outside on Sunset Drive on a bench in the shade.
He opened his brown bag and pulled out a plastic bottle of water and placed it on the green bench made completely out of recycled materials. Then Cal removed the almost Frisbee-sized bagel, which was wrapped tightly in thin white paper.  He reached deep into the bag and extracted a few napkins because he knew that eating such a cream cheese bomb would be messy.     
Cal dove into the bagel and left a huge smear of cream cheese on his left cheek.  The plate-less form of dining was difficult but he managed to maintain a firm grip on the edible planet.
Sharon happened to be in town with Nicole, as she hoped to perk her sleepy daughter up with a hair styling at the Beach Haven Beauty Salon. 
Of course, complete beautifying took in excess of an hour, which gave 
Sharon plenty of time to walk around and shop.
She perused some of her favorite local shops including Beach Haven Resale, Antiques, Organics and Tennis, and worked up quite an appetite spending Hartwell’s money, so she headed to the bagel place.
Sharon was going to find a table and read a local paper while eating lunch, but she noticed a familiar face on the way in.
“What can I get you, Mrs. Phillips?” the young man behind the counter asked.
The kid was one of Nicole’s classmates and Sharon felt old and thought for a moment about saying, “You can call me Sharon,” but pulled up in the nick of time.
“I’ll have the usual, Peter.”
Pete smiled as he spread whitefish salad on a pumpernickel bagel and then topped it off with lox cream cheese.  Sharon grabbed a water from the glass fridge and was then asked the ultimate question, “For here or to go, Mrs. P.?”
“I think I’ll get that to go,” she replied as she looked out of the front 
window.
Sharon grabbed the brown paper bag off the counter and said goodbye to Peter.
The one pure thing about Cal and Sharon’s short, yet intense relationship was the directness.  In contrast, she was never able to tell Blake the truth when they were married, even though he had a wide range of suspicions about her activity.
Cal and Sharon obviously knew that the hunter-protector relationship was taboo in the vampire world, yet their resilient bond still shattered all of the unwritten rules.
“Is this seat taken?” Sharon asked with a straight face.
Cal looked up and was about to say “Yes,” so he could be alone, but he did an inspire double take at the sight of her.
He half stood-up and fumbled to keep a grasp on both the English language and his food.  Sharon sat down and Cal settled in as she took her bagel out of the bag.
“Whitefish and lox cream cheese on pumpernickel?” Cal asked already knowing what would be on the menu.
Not another word was spoken for the next five minutes.  Cal and Sharon sat two feet apart on the bench like a couple of shy, inexperienced teenagers.
Cal turned to say something to Sharon but the words never came out. She had a mouthful of bagel and tried to get his attention by motioning to the smear of cream cheese on his left cheek.
He noticed her motioning and said, “What?”
It took Sharon more than a few chews to get the glob of food down her gullet.  She kept pointing to his face and Cal kept wiping every part of his face except for the white streak of cream cheese.
He became frustrated and Sharon couldn’t watch his finger dance anymore, so she inched closer to him and grabbed his head with both of her hands to get him to calm down.
All of Cal’s anxiety melted away when Sharon took her right thumb and swept it gently – but deeply – over the errant cheese spread.
What happened next was pure instinct – and it also blew Cal's mind. She removed the cream cheese from the now-clean cheek and then disposed of it as only a heat-seeking missile would.
Cal was about to offer a napkin, but Sharon had other ideas.  She retracted her right arm and had this devilish look on her face as her thumb approached her mouth.  Sharon’s lips parted as she surrounded the thumb and then seductively licked the cream cheese clean off.
It wouldn’t have mattered if every hunter and protector in the free world was watching.  Nothing was going to stop the tsunami of emotions that had been building up for the past 15 years.
Their lips crashed into each other and they were going at it – almost on the street – until they decided to take the party to Cal’s favorite location for violent contact, a nearby alley.
Five-to-seven minutes later, Cal and Sharon were re-adjusting their clothes. 
“We have to keep this on the down-low,” she said.
“Agreed,” he replied as they kissed and then tried to play if cool as they went their separate ways.
Cal happily strolled home and a disheveled Sharon walked over to the beauty salon to pick up Nicole.
She walked in and then paid the woman with the mountain of hair at the front desk, who was going to suggest a little work to Sharon’s crushed hair with a few leaves and a twig thrown in for good measure.
“You look beautiful!” Sharon gushed as Nicole looked over her mother and then removed some of the birds’ nest items from her hair.
“What happened to you?” Nicole said in a quiet tone.
“Sharon beamed but didn’t verbally reply, not that words were necessary.
The walked out of the front entrance and Nicole glanced at her mother.
“No!  You didn’t!” Nicole gasped, as she pulled her mother over to the side of the building to avoid people walking by.
“You’re with both of them now, aren’t you?” Nicole continued.
Sharon’s euphoria was tempered by her daughter’s pattern in the not too-distant past.  She spoke as a mother putting her daughter in her place.
“Like you’re one to talk.”
Nicole couldn’t argue with that observation, and they started walked down the block toward their car.
“Oh, and by the way.  I was talking to Tabatha as she was shampooing my hair…”
“Hasn’t she been married four times.  You know that it also means that she has been divorced three times,” Sharon stated.
Nicole continued, “Anyway… she noticed I was a little sluggish and I started telling her about my symptoms.”
They got into the car and Sharon said, “Symptoms?” as she put her seat belt on.
“Yeah, you know, I’ve been tired and haven’t had a normal cycle for a few months.”
Sharon muttered, “Oh no,” and then asked Nicole, “How long has it been?”
Nicole smirked uncomfortably, “June.”
Sharon didn’t know what to say other than, “What did Tabatha think?”
Nicole looked straight ahead as Sharon pulled out of the parking space.
“She thinks I’m pregnant.”
THIRTEEN
Sharon wasted no time as she found the nearest drug store and then walked out with a pregnancy test, or two. The number actually ballooned to three by the time she got to the counter and spied another test that was slightly more effective, but blood had to be drawn.
They walked through the door of the house and Garrison was there to greet them, as only Gary could.
“Honey, you look so beautiful!” he said to Nicole trying to lift her spirits.  And then the pendulum swung the other way.
“What the hell happened to you?” he asked Sharon.  “Did a wild animal drag you into the bushes and have his way with you?”
Nicole snickered after kissing her grandpa’, but Sharon wasn’t amused - although she couldn’t refute his account of her encounter with Cal.
“Hey, keep laughing pregnant girl!” Sharon yelled at Nicole, who was already in the bathroom.
“Daniel knocked her up?” Garrison exclaimed.
“Well, that’s another story,” Sharon replied.
“The father’s not Danny?” a horrified Gary asked.
 	“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves here.  We haven’t taken the tests yet.”
While Gary paced nervously in the kitchen like an expectant great grandfather, Nicole and Sharon were in the bathroom trying to shed some more light on the situation.
“Are you sure you don’t know who the father is?” Sharon asked while 
Nicole held a white stick under her.
She peed on the stick and then placed it on a paper towel on the counter next to the sink.  “I mean, it could one of two people.  Either Danny or Drew.  How long does this take?”
Sharon was curious, “When were you with Drew?”
Nicole replied, “Remember that day Danny broke up with me?”
“And you were crying so much that I had to go out and get you more tissues.”
Nicole smiled.
“I had to go out and get you more tissues!” Sharon yelled as she playfully slapped Nicole in the arm.
“You little tramp!” Sharon said with a warm smile on her face.
“Only that one time?” Sharon asked.
“Yes,” Nicole said with a face that was flush with the truth.
“All right.  Let’s do this blood test,” Sharon stated as she removed the small silver contraption from the box after reading the instructions.
“That other test will take a few minutes to reveal either a pink dot or nothing.”
“Pink dot means I’m pregnant?”
Sharon looked on the box, “Yes.  Now give me your left index finger.”
“Why the left one?” Nicole inquired.
“Because you just peed on the right one,” Sharon replied.  
“Now, you’ll feel a little prick,” Sharon said and then realized the double-entendre.
They looked at each other and said, “That’s what he said.”
Sharon smiled as she pricked Nicole’s finger and the drop of blood collected in the testing receptacle.
Daniel was half-way through a graduate degree in kinesiology when the download was halted.  Blood of his soul match was airborne and Daniel was inside of the Phillips house before it hit the testing kit well.
He first wondered, “Why am I here?” but then stood in the shower as 
Nicole and her mom waited for the results from the tests.
Sharon had another test in the plastic bag but decided to utilize it if the results were split and there was a need for a tiebreaker.
They spied the first test, a simple stick that started to turn subtly pink and then darkened to a positive over the next minute or two.  Test number two was billed as “the same test used by doctors,” and was the first of its kind being offered over the counter.
Daniel was initially thinking, or hoping, that the tests were for Sharon. Being 18 and recently vampired probably wasn’t the ideal time to become a father.
The women waited for the digital readout on test number two, as the meter blinked for - what seemed like forever – until the abbreviation “POS” fixed on the LED screen.
Sharon turned to Nicole and said, “Well, it’s official, you’re pregnant.”
Daniel floated in the air after he half-passed out from the excitement. He was in a state of euphoria until he heard Sharon say, “Who are you going to call first?”
He thought, “That’s a strange question to ask.  Who else would she want to contact but me?”
Nicole had no answer, so Sharon filled in the blank.  “You have to call 
Danny first.”
“You know, all I have to do is call his name and he will be here.”
“What do you mean?” Sharon asked.
“Watch.  Daniel, I need you.”
Daniel was still in the shower, but he zipped into the hallway and then peaked his head through the bathroom door.
“Yes, love,” he beamed.
“Wow!  That’s impressive,” Sharon stated.  “I want one of those.”
Sharon hugged Daniel and said, “She needs you, Danny.”
She then exited and he looked down at the tests, as if seeing them for the first time.
“I’m pregnant,” Nicole came right out and admitted.
Their relationship had become so straightforward that deception and withholding information had no place.
“I know.  I was standing in the shower.”
Nicole looked down at her slightly bloody finger and offered it to him as a peace gesture.  Daniel savored the taste and then returned the glistening clean finger and the rest of her hand back to his girlfriend.
“Do you know everything?” Nicole asked.
“What else is there to know?” he asked and then put his hand on her shoulder, triggering a three-second reel of Drew with Nicole.
“Drew?” Daniel questioned in a surprised tone. 
“Is it his?” he continued.
“I don’t know?” Nicole replied.  “it could be either of you.”
Now, vampires are not known for being even-tempered when things have the potential to get hot.  But Daniel was a different kind of vampire and he loved Nicole.
“When were you with him?” he asked.
“That day you broke up with me.  I was out of my mind.”
Daniel nodded, “So was I.  I never should have done that to you.  And you know that no one is ‘better than you.'"
Nicole smiled and then they hugged.
“Let’s hope for the best, Nick,” Daniel said.
“I already have the best,” she replied.
The next day, Nicole had to break the news to Drew.  Surely she knew there would be repercussions – Carla wouldn’t be pleased but that actually brought Nicole some level of comfort amidst a sea of confusion.
“Need to talk to you.  Come alone,” was what Nicole texted to Drew.
“I’m going for a run,” Drew said to Carla as she rolled over and went back to sleep.
It was 7:30 a.m. on a Sunday morning and she wanted nothing to do with physical activity.  She would have been much more curious if she had been awake, though.
Andrew jogged over to Beach Haven Park and saw Nicole anxiously pacing in the grassy open field.  He pulled up when he was about 50 yards from her and walked the remainder of the gap so he could catch his breath.
Drew’s first instinct was to kiss Nicole on the cheek, but he thought better of it.  The last time she had texted him he wound up in a compromising situation.
Nicole wasn’t sure how angry Drew had become and was content in letting him make the first move. 
“Hey,” was all he said as he stopped a few feet away from her.
She was originally going to start with some light small talk and then move on to the heavy lifting, but that went by the board real fast.
“I’m pregnant,” was the economical, yet powerful statement.
Drew was still quite a distance away emotionally and replied, “That’s great, Nicole.”
“No, I’m pregnant!” she said with the kind of emphasis designed to pique his interest.
Drew caught on and said, “What?” as confusion reigned.
Nicole looked down toward the ground as Drew pressed on.
“What does that mean, Nicole?” Drew asked as he thought about their brief encounter together and how nobody but the two of them knew about it.
“I don’t know who the father is,” Nicole said faintly, letting only a few ants on a blade of grass in on the secret.
“What? Speak up!  What did you say?”
She yelled, “I don’t know who the father is Drew?”
“Me or Danny?” he asked.
She nodded, “You or Danny.”
Drew walked away without looking at her or speaking another word. 
After all these years he was still stuck in a pain triangle between he, Nicole and his cousin Daniel, and this time he was determined to come out on top.
FOURTEEN
Drew took his time getting home that day and Carla knew something was up.  Her man was never irresponsible or out of touch - or so she thought.
There was so much to think about for young Andrew Brewster.  His brief encounter with Nicole was something he figured was buried deep in the not-too-distant past.  But he did the crime – the crime of falling back on an old habit and betraying someone he loved – and now he had to do the time.
The least of Drew’s worries was Nicole and her pregnancy.  He knew that Carla would be crushed for the following reasons:
(1)Drew betrayed her
(2)Drew withheld the truth from her
(3)Drew was a dog with fleas
(4)She really, really, really, really hated Nicole!!!!
He was also really angry with himself for giving in to Nicole.  Although he had stuffed his angst and anger about his misstep behind his kidneys, the ugliness of his act had fully resurfaced and reared its ugly head.
Why had Nicole been able to reach him, was the first self-directed question.  Was he still in love with his childhood sweetheart, even though his best friend was going out with her?  What about Carla?  Was she his true love, or someone that came along on the rebound from his disappointment from losing Nicole?
All of Drew’s questions were answered when he walked through the door of his house and he locked eyes with Carla Perkins.  She saw the bewildered look in Drew’s eyes – it was the same look he had when they first met that summer a few years earlier.
She ran to him and they met in the kind of hug that tells you you’re 
home.
“Whatever it is, we’ll get through it,” Carla stated even though the puppy-dog eyes could only mean one thing – that Nicole Phillips had corrupted her man!
Drew went for it, “Nicole’s pregnant and I might be the father.”
Carla backed up and pushed Drew hard with both hands in the process.
“Except for that!” she yelled as she lunged at Drew and started beating him down.  She jumped on him and the landing made a huge thud. Emily Brewster heard the noise from her second home in the basement and ran upstairs screaming “Dad!” and “Cal!” as she closed the gap on the Carla/Drew pile.
“You slept with her?” Carla yelled.  “How many times were you with that tramp?”
Emily tried to pull Carla off but wasn’t able to do anything until Thaddeus ran in from his bedroom to aid the effort.  Cal was out undoubtedly scouting locations – from his choice of darkened, remote alleys – to meet Sharon that night.
“What’s going on here?” Thaddeus questioned in a rare, elevated tone.
“Nothing, we’re good,” Carla said as she in order to get some more space.
Emily and Thad relaxed for a second and Carla hauled off and slapped Andrew clean across the face, sending him back toward the ground.
“Whoa!” Emily yelled.  “What did he do?”
“He slept with Phillips!” a disgusted, red-faced and out-of-breath 
Carla replied.
Emily was appalled.  “Oh, then he hasn’t had enough!” Emily said and then backhanded Drew across the top of his head.
“You want to get a shot in?” Emily asked Thaddeus.
“No, he’s had enough,” an angry Thad replied.  “For now!"
“I have to get out of here!” Carla grunted as she extracted her purse from the kitchen and then stormed out the door, walking over Drew in the process.
Drew started to get up to chase after her, but his mother grabbed him by the shoulder and said, “No!  Not a good idea!  Give the girl some space.”
Daniel returned home and looked less-than-confident for the first time as a vampire.
“What’s up, D?” Brandon Justice asked as he sat on the couch and played video games.
“Shouldn’t you be doing your homework?”
Brandon was about to reply, “Already done,” but he knew Daniel would scan his books.  Instead, he said, “After this game.”
Daniel then focused his attention on locating Hartwell and his mother. Hartwell was driving back from his glorious weekend with Maggie and Belinda was at the hospital making a blood withdrawal.
So, Daniel focused his attention on his dad.  The couple was about 60 miles from home and Daniel couldn’t wait to talk.  He extracted Maggie and her luggage from the vehicle and brought her home, filling her head with glowing memories of the final leg of the trip, including a passionate goodbye kiss.
In a matter of two seconds, Daniel placed himself back in the passenger seat, as Hartwell just noticed the seat was empty.
“What the…” Hartwell exclaimed as Daniel said, “I really need to talk to you.”
“Maggie’s home safe?” mortal, love-struck Hartwell asked.
Daniel gave him an “of course” look and stated, “Nicole’s pregnant, but she doesn’t know who the father is.”
Hartwell started laughing until he saw that Daniel wasn’t smiling.
“Are you serious?  You’re not serious.”
Daniel again let his stoic face do the talking for him.
“She was with Drew after I broke up with her.”
“Just once?” Hartwell asked the make pride question.
“Yeah, that’s what she said.”
“How many months is she?” Hartwell asked.
Daniel didn’t know the answer to that question, so he scanned 
Nicole’s body.
“Three months.”
Hartwell did the quick math in his head, “So, it could be either one of you?”
“Yeah,” a dejected Daniel replied.
Hartwell wouldn’t allow his son to be down.  He put his hand on his boy’s shoulder and stated, “But it’s going to be you, son.  She’s one of us.”
 	Belinda drank her fill at the hospital’s blood bank and could sense that her son was in distress, once the platelet buzz wore off.
She popped into the back seat of Hartwell’s car as he jumped when he looked into the rear-view mirror.
“You scared me!” Hartwell’s blurted.  “What is with you people and the car pop-ins?”
“I’m sorry, Thomas,” Belinda replied as she was now on a first-name basis with Mr. Hartwell.
“What did I miss?”
Hartwell looked over at Daniel and the son deferred to the father.
“Nicole is pregnant,” Hartwell simply stated.
“Mazel tov!” Belinda exclaimed.
“Mom, we’re not Jewish,” Daniel observed.
“Must have gone through Temple Shalom’s blood drive donations,” a loopy Belinda explained.  “Still a little off from the buzz.”
Daniel and Hartwell smiled and said in unison, “The buzzzzzz!” as the banged fists in solidarity.
“You guys are a little young, but I’m sure you must be excited, 
Danny,” Belinda said.
Daniel interjected, “She’s not sure if it’s mine.”
Belinda tapped her ears to make sure her hearing wasn’t going.
“I’m sorry.  I must have misunderstood you.  What did you say?”
Daniel was in no mood to repeat himself, so he reached back and grabbed his mother’s hand and replayed the PG-rated version of the series of events.
“Andrew Brewster, you sly dog!  That kid’s been waiting to pounce on her ever since that dance your sophomore year,” Belinda stated.
Daniel again touched his mother’s hand, but also gave Hartwell viewing privileges while keeping the car in lane.
The scene replayed of the tenth-grade dance and Nicole being accompanies by both of her guys.  She had always been partial to Daniel as a love interest and Drew as a buddy, but the ball could have been dropped on either side that night.
Fast music turned slow and the moment of truth was upon the trio. As fate would have it, Andrew stepped up and asked Nicole to dance while Daniel held only his silence and regrets.
Just as they were going to walk out on to the gym floor, Drew was overcome by an explosion that was brewing in the back of his dress pants.
Slo-motion video of vampire Hartwell slipping some liquid laxative into 
Drew’s punch only moments before, revealed the source of the urgency.
Andrew excused himself and ‘penguined’ his way into the locker room, while Daniel took advantage of the opportunity and then love blossomed.
Ten minutes later, Drew emerged from the locker room and eventually found Daniel and Nicole in the middle of their first kiss right outside of the gymnasium.
Drew bounded off as a pit bull and then a huge fight ensued on the front lawn of the Brewster’s house.  Drew changed into a ram and speared Daniel, while Hartwell let Emily end one of his lives to save his then-mortal son.
Daniel flipped 3-D glasses on everyone and the proceeded to play back his first fight.
“Wow!” Belinda exclaimed.  “I missed out on all of this stuff!”
Hartwell removed his glasses and said, “I love what you’ve done with the slo-motion sequences.  They’re so realistic.”
Belinda was still a little loopy in the back seat.
“Again!  Play it again!”
Daniel nodded, “Okay,” and everyone put their glasses back on.
“It’s your baby, Danny,” Belinda stated as the three connected souls stopped for a moment to enjoy the fruit of their lives.
FIFTEEN
The families were well-versed in the pregnancy and the possibilities there were for fatherhood.  Everyone knew except Agent Blake and the alley cat known as Calvin Brewster.
It was late Sunday night and Andrew couldn’t sleep.  Actually, Carla had returned earlier in the evening and kicked him out of the room.  She wanted nothing to do with him, at least for the time being.
Drew was sitting in the kitchen drowning his sorrows in a jar of chocolate chip cookies and a tall glass of milk, when another dog with fleas slinked in through the back door.
Andrew picked up his head and said, “Uncle Cal!” as the elder 
Brewster put his right index finger up to his lips for the boy wonder to lower the volume.
“Set me up with one of those,” Cal said.  “I’m famished.”
He indeed had worked up quite an appetite during a late-night workout with Sharon Phillips.
Drew was usually very boisterous around Cal, because he was excited to be with a male role model closer to his age – the stories he heard about the great Cal Brewster imprinted him as a legend in Drew’s mind.
Cal sat down and Drew placed a tall glass of milk in front of him.  He picked up a cookie and asked, “Your mom make these?”
“Yeah, after dinner,” Drew replied.
“What’s going on, baby brother?” Cal asked Drew, using his affectionate new nickname on a teenager that he could sense had something weighing heavily on his mind.
“Let’s see… oh yeah.  I found out that Nicole is pregnant, everyone here beat me down, and I might be the father.”
Cal nearly choked on a cookie and needed a few slaps on the back to end a coughing jag.  He wiped the tears from his eyes.
“Holy crap, Drew.  You might have to give me some advanced notice next time you drop something that heavy on me.
“Sorry,” Drew replied.
“Sorry?  What are you sorry about?  There is nothing sorry about you, my friend!” Cal exclaimed as he slapped Drew’s hand in congratulations.
“You were with Sharon’s daughter?” Cal asked.
“Yeah,” Drew sheepishly replied.
 	“Own that, Drew!  Wear it like a gold medal!” the macho Cal stated.
Drew didn’t know what to think, especially with a volcano named 
Carla sleeping in his room.
Cal understood his nephew because he, too, was always toeing the 
line.
With a face-full of cookies Cal stated, “I’m in that, too.”
Drew searched his mind for ‘in that’ but his mental search engine came up with no hits.
Cal then looked at him with an “Oh, yeah!” expression.
The cylinders tumbled in Drew’s mind and he finally achieved clarity.
“You and Nicole’s mom?” a shock Drew exclaimed.
Cal again implored Drew to keep it down.
  	“We had a thing before I got buried.  Jealous vampire – that’s probably the reason he buried me in the first place.”
The two men went back and forth, sharing their experiences about the Phillips’ women, until the bragging came to an abrupt halt.
Emily Brewster, half-asleep and hair all over the place, shuttled into the kitchen.  She looked at Drew and Cal and said, “Go to sleep, doggies,” as she smirked and went back to her room.
Nicole Phillips met her dad for lunch the next day in town.  He could sense that she had something heavy on her mind the minute he kissed her hello.
They sat down and he asked, “What’s wrong, Nicky?
There was no easy way to tell your father – even if he was absent for most of your life – that you were 18 and pregnant.  So, she just came out 
with it.
“I’m pregnant.”
Blake thought there would be many years for he and his daughter to make up for lost time, before he became a grandpa’.  He knew that Nicole had been active with at least two boys – Daniel and Andrew – from his FBI surveillance feeds.
He took a shot, “Daniel or Drew?” fully expecting to hear Daniel 
Thompson’s name proudly be announced.
Instead, Nicole gave her standard answer, “I don’t know?”
Saying that you don’t know who your child’s father is, is like telling your father that you are becoming a stripper full-time instead of going to college.  Not good.
Blake’s pale face turned beet red as he was at a loss for words.
“But you knew about Drew and Danny,” Nicole pointed out.
Blake stroked his three-day growth of a beard and replied, “Yeah, but I just thought there wouldn’t be question who you would be with the rest of your life.”
Nicole dropped her head and then picked it up, “Me, neither.”
SIXTEEN
Carla had more than enough hearing about the Nicole pregnancy, so she headed out by herself into town.  It had been a few days since Drew broke the news to her and she hadn’t talked to him since, despite his continued pleadings.
She had spent most of her life trying to avoid her vampire, the one and-only Brandon Justice, who used just about every opportunity to make her otherwise simple life a living hell.
When she met Andrew at wilderness camp, her whole life changed. No longer did she have to fend for herself against an adversary that nobody knew existed.  Drew hunted Brandon the minute she started talking about him.  Her tears of sorrow and pain were his passageway into becoming a true hunter, but it also taught him how to love and helped her trust again.
Carla was sitting outside of Beach Haven Coffee when she spotted her old friend Brandon walking out of Beach Haven Games.
She yelled, “Brandon!” as the 16-year-old Justice looked around to see if anyone was really calling him.  It wasn’t often – actually never – when someone would call his name.  Although his senior year of high school was going well, it wasn’t going that well.
He spotted Carla sitting down the block outside the coffee house and viewed his perfect vision as a curse for the first time.  Brandon’s first reaction was to run, so he did.  He wasn’t a very swift runner, by the way.
“You know I can catch you!” Carla yelled as Brandon stopped.
She waved him over, feeling empowered that she now controlled their relationship.
He figured that Drew was waiting in the wings, so he took his time walking over.  Brandon even thought about calling for Daniel but decided to wait to see what happened first.
“What are you drinking, Justice?” Carla said as she motioned for him to sit down.
A teenage waitress with wearing glasses and a smile stood next to him and asked, “The usual, Brandon?” and then blushed as he replied, “That would be dandy, Valerie.”
Carla mouthed the word “dandy,” as Valerie walked away.   “She likes you,” Carla stated as she slugged him playfully in the arm. 
He mouthed, “Ow!” as she kept rolling along.
“Don’t be such a softie!  Remember those days when you tortured me until I wanted to be anything but alive?  You know, I even considered ending it all a few weeks before I met Andrew.  Now that’s the furthest thing from my mind.”
Brandon wasn’t sure how to respond to such a strong statement, but he was glad she was talking instead of beating him to a pulp.
“I’m sorry.  I wish I could take it all back and make it up to you.”
She smiled for the first time in three days, “Well Brando, this is your lucky day!  I have a lot on my mind and I need to dump it on someone. 
Better you than someone I actually care about.”
Valerie the waitress walked back outside and put Brandon’s cup on the table.
“One large pumpkin-spiced iced latte with soy milk.  Will there be anything else?”  She leaned over to him, “Would you like one of those gluten-free scones to go with that?”
Carla was laughing, “Pay the girl.”
He handed her a twenty-dollar bill and said, “Sure, that would be great!”  His timing was slightly off when he continued, “Would you like to go to the science museum some time?  They have an arachnid exhibit coming next week.”
She gasped, “Yes,” as she walked away all excited and flushed.
Valerie came back 30 seconds later with the pumpkin scone and something a bit different.
“I took the liberty of whipping up some lactose-free Crème fraiche with some pumpkin shavings on top.”
Brandon was amazed.
 	“It’s my own recipe,” Valerie gushed.  “Here is your change.”
He quickly counted the money and pulled out five-dollar bill to give her as a tip.
She waved him off and replied, “Save it for the gift shop when we go to the science museum.”
“Next Saturday at 10 a.m.?” Brandon asked.
“Let’s make it 9:30. I want to be in the front of the line when the exhibit opens.”
While Carla was enjoying the brainiac banter, it was time to focus on more important things like her life.
“It’s a date!” she exclaimed as Brandon and Valerie glowed for the first time in their young lives.
“You are quite the ladies’ man, Justice.  Arachnids are spiders, right?”
Brandon nodded and was about to go into a full description – including correct her and talking about other forms – before Carla stepped on his words and squashed his knowledge.
“Ew!  That’s gross!  You two are freaky!  I always knew there was something wrong with you.”
Brandon started eating his scone and was quite pleased with the taste. He looked back through the window at Valerie, who was watching to see if he enjoyed it, and gave her a thumb up.
“Okay, enough with the dating game.  I have some things I need to get off my chest,” an impatient Carla stated.
“So hostile,” Brandon replied.
“So hostile? Weren’t you the guy that tortured me all those years?”
“I’m different now,” he replied, trying to move on from his days as an aggressive, sadistic vampire.
She calmed down, “Maybe so, but you’re gonna’ make it up to me. 
Just sit there and play therapist while I talk.  Okay?” They had finally come upon the middle ground.
“Okay,” he replied.
“You’ve heard about Nicole being pregnant and not knowing who the 
father is.”
He nodded as he continued to eat and drink.
The usually composed Carla dropped her head and started to cry. Brandon didn’t notice at first because he was elsewhere, strolling in a pumpkin patch.  When he finally heard her crying, he fumbled to offer her a few Beach Haven Coffee napkins.
“The doctor said I should wait two weeks, but I was so excited…”
Brandon really wasn’t that interested at first, but then he became intrigued.
“Doctor?  What doctor?”
“My GYNOB.”
Justice was a walking dictionary of facts and useless figures, but he wasn‘t as well versed in the more intimate of sciences.
He thought to himself, “What’s a gynob?  Some kind of creature from a dark cave or a toxic lagoon?”
She could see the confusion in his inexperienced face – even through her tears.
“I’m on the pill.”
Again, it took Justice a few seconds to process the information.
“Oh, the pill!” he said out loud.
“Why don’t you say that a little louder?  I think there was a kid in the toy store down the block that didn’t hear you.”
“Sorry,” Brandon whimpered.
Carla wasn’t sure how to air the next part of her story.  It had been more than three months since she left the doctor’s office in Portland with her mother, who was happy to support her daughter’s transition into 
womanhood.
Her silence created an opportunity for a question from Brandon.
“So, why are you so upset talking about the pill?”
Carla tried to keep her emotions in check and finally free herself from the weighty truth.
“Because it didn’t work.”
“It didn’t work?” Justice mumbled, trying to figure out what that meant. 
Then the light went on in his brain.
“It didn’t work.  That means you’re pregnant.”
She pointed at him that he had finally hit on the issue.
 	“I think so.”
“You don’t know for sure?” he asked.
“I was afraid to take a test.  At least, until she announced her pregnancy.”
Justice took a chance, “Nicole isn’t so bad.”
Probably a stupid chance at that…
Carla initially had the look that she was going to stand up and smack him on the side of the head, or something else involving unbridled aggression – but she rethought her strategy.
“Look, I might have a kid in here,” she said while rubbing her stomach, “but that really wasn’t the smartest thing to say to me when I just found out that my boyfriend – and potentially the father of my child – was with her!”
Brandon had finished the scone and slurped down the last of his iced 
latte.
“Do you have time to go with me somewhere?  It will just take a few minutes,” Carla asked.
“Are you going to drag me into an alley again?”
“No, unless you want me to,” she replied playfully.
Justice agreed and then turned back to wave goodbye to Valerie, who was smiling and waving in the front window.  He turned to walk with Carla, who was much more of a woman than school-aged Valerie.
Valerie’s smile turned to scowl as she watched them walk down the street.  She wiped a wood table down so hard that she nearly stripped the varnish off the surface.
Carla walked quickly down the block and Brandon followed close by.
“Let’s make this quick,” she said as she turned toward the entrance of Beach Haven Drugs and walked through the sliding glass door to the pharmacy area.
She located the pregnancy tests and said, “You pick one and I’ll pick one.”
Brandon quickly scanned over three or four boxes and selected the one he thought had the best statistical probability of producing an accurate prediction.
“This one,” he confidently said.
“I’m too nervous to even read these things.  Maybe I’ll get the pink box… I like pink.”
Brandon took charge, “This one was second best.”
She grabbed it out of his hand and walked over to the pharmacy register, and then dropped the boxes on the counter.
“Will that be all?” the fifty-something pharmacist asked the pair.
Brandon spotted another test behind the man and said, “Can I look at that box behind you?”
Carla was even more confused, as all that was behind the man was shelf after shelf of boxes of all colors, shapes and sizes.
Of course, the pharmacist had narrowed down the selection universe to include only pregnancy tests, and the only the only test that customers had been repeatedly asking for.
“Bingo!” was what Brandon said as the man handed him the desired box.
“You have to have this one.  Blood is a much more accurate predictor than urine.”
“How much is that?” the cost-conscious Carla asked.
“It’s one-hundred dollars,” the man replied.
“I got this,” Brandon interjected.  He then picked up the other test he first liked and handed the second test back to Carla.  “You can put that one back.”
He whipped out his debt card, which was backed by the bank of Hartwell, and paid for both of the tests before handed the bag over to 
Carla.
Carla was a nice person – at least to the people that were nice to her and didn’t torture her – but she wasn’t sure how to act around Brandon.
They walked out of the store and she said, “Thank you, Brandon,” as she threw her arms around him and hugged him.
Valerie was on a break and was hiding behind a tree across the street.  She was so angry from jealousy at the sight of seeing her man with another woman, that her heat from her body almost burned the 15-foot tree to the ground.
SEVENTEEN
It wasn’t easy to do anything in secret inside the walls of the Brewster’s house.  Carla had every intention of going straight home and taking the pregnancy tests that night, but she was too nervous.  She tossed and turned all night, and even thought about doing the test in the middle of the night, but Cal came home and was banging into things as usual.
One-by-one people filtered out of the house the next day.  Emily went grocery shopping, Thaddeus met his friends for lunch, Cal went to the gym, and Andrew – not that she cared what he was doing – was in the backyard hanging out with Daniel.
In reality, Daniel was busy at home adding a few rooms onto the house with his mother, under the decorating and architectural guidance of the wonder they called Hartwell.
Drew thought Daniel was there with him and, even better, Carla felt secure that Drew was occupied.  So, she went into the bathroom to see what was going on.
The process was not too dissimilar to what Nicole went through – other than she was alone when she first opened the boxes.
Daniel was zipping around the house but took occasional moments to scan his virtual interaction with Drew, and to see what else was happening.
He and Drew were having a baseball catch and the rest of the house was vacant until Daniel tripped on some activity in Drew’s bathroom. Daniel usually respected the privacy of others, but once he sensed and elevated female heart rate, the situation called for further inspection.
Daniela again found himself standing in the shower, watching an 18-year-old girl taking a pregnancy test.  He scanned her thoughts and discovered that she had not given the pill adequate time to take hold.
Test number one, the narrow white stick with the small preview window, turned pink as a Peeps marshmallow bunny on Easter.  Daniel waited anxiously for test number two because it meant that a line of fresh blood would be opened.
Carla pricked her finger and the drop of blood collected into the testing reservoir.  She was sitting on the toilet with the lid cover down and he was on that bloody finger and draining two pints of blood out of her in a matter of seconds.
The test flashed “POS” just as it had done for Nicole, and Daniel sent the imagery to Carla’s brain as she passed out.  He rested her comfortably against the shower tub basin and then gave her an hour to regenerate, while keeping everyone away from her.
Daniel didn’t like to see his ‘brother’ in so much pain - even though he had been with his girl - so he implanted a wicked pee urge in his head, sending Drew inside for some relief.
Drew nearly hopped into his bathroom and noticed Carla sitting on the floor with her eyes closed.  Daniel removed the bathroom urgency so 
Drew could focus on Carla.
“Carla!” Drew exclaimed as he became instantly worried.
He dropped down to the floor and cradled her in his arms, kissing her cheek and saying, “You’ll be all right, pooky bear.”
Carla slowly came to and smiled when she saw Drew – a sure sign that she was still quite delirious.
Drew looked around and saw the two pregnancy tests and asked, 
“What’s going on?”
“I’m pregnant,” she replied.
Drew couldn’t leave well enough alone as he joked, “You didn’t sleep with Daniel, did you?”
Carla regained her senses, “I wish!” she jabbed back.
Brandon was late to school the next day and asked Daniel for a ‘lift.’ Since it only took a second out of his day, Daniel agreed – even though he wasn’t even dressed yet.  Now he is…
Justice blinked and he was at school, but the time traveled was much longer in Danielle’s world.  The minute he touched Justice, an image of he and Carla sitting and talking flashed through his mind.  He then saw and heard Brandon going to get the pregnancy test with Drew’s girlfriend.
It was 7:30 a.m. and both Hartwell and Belinda were enjoying their morning brew.  Hartwell preferred chai tea, while Belinda went old-school with the Beach Haven Retirement Community pint samples.
Daniel swooshed back into the room and said, “We have to talk.” “Speak up sonny!” Belinda said in an elevated tone.
Daniel looked at Hartwell, “It appears that she temporarily takes on the characteristics of the people - the group - that gave blood.”
“Let me guess,” Daniel interjected.  “The retirement community?”  	“You’re getting good at this.  We’ll be able to devise a drinking game in a few years once you hit 21,” Hartwell stated.
Daniel again looked at Hartwell like he was the big beast, and he could do whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted to do it.
“What are you two youngsters talking about?” Belinda asked.
“I sort of liked her better when she was part of that temple group,” 
Hartwell observed.
“I don’t know.  She’s pretty cute right now.  How long do you think this will last?”
“Another five or 10 minutes,” Hartwell replied.  He then sat down at the breakfast bar reading his paper and drinking tea while Belinda fell asleep.
Seven and-a-half minutes later, Daniel zipped back into the room.
“I just built a glass-enclosed Florida room with an Olympic-sized pool, a lap pool, a Jacuzzi, and a eucalyptus sauna.”
“Ooh!  Hartwell gushed.  “You know I wanted that lap pool and a sauna.”
“It also has a retractable screened roof so we can keep those pesky mosquitoes out.”
“Was that all you did?”
“No, I also installed solar panels on the roof.  We are all solar now!”
“Solar?” Belinda asked as she awoke from her octogenarian state. 
“Mom, are you back?”
Belinda replied, “This blood thing is weird, but I’m back now.”
“Good, because we have to have a little family meeting,” Daniel stated.
“Without Brandon?” the mother hen inquired.
“It’s about Brandon,” Daniel countered.
EIGHTEEN
“What is the deal with you and Brewster?” Blake Wallace asked his ex-wife.
“What do you mean?” Sharon Phillips replied trying to deflect her 
guilt.
“Are you trying to be like our daughter?”
Sharon had to think about what she had in common with her daughter.
“Let’s see… good looks, solid bone structure, love of all things chocolate, dating two guys at the same time,” she thought to herself.
“Our love of chocolate?” Sharon stated in the form of a question.
Blake had heard every possible alibi and excuse as an FBI agent. Although he had missed interacting with his daughter during her formative years, he knew a smokescreen when he saw it.
He went right at it, “Why do you find it necessary to date Cal Brewster when you’re with me?”
Instead of admitting her indiscretion she went on the attack.
“With you?  I’m not with you.  We were together a few times.  That doesn’t mean we’re back together!”
 	Blake was hurt once again by Sharon, just as he was some 18 years 
earlier.
“You go have fun with your hunter.  I don’t want to be part of this anymore,” he stated.
Blake then walked away from the front of Sharon’s house, got back on his bike and peddled away without another word spoken.
Sharon was indignant to the charge and believed her relationship with Cal would only get better.
“I got the pills just before graduation,” Carla said to Andrew.
“So why didn’t they work?” he asked.
“Because you’re supposed to give it two weeks to take hold.  I was so excited…”
Drew replied, “I was, too…”
“What’s going to happen if you have two babies?” Carla asked.
Drew was so confused that his answer was having trouble routing from his brain to his mouth.
“I don’t know?”
She was just as honest, “I don’t know if I can stick around if that baby is yours.”
He couldn’t stand the thought of losing Carla and their child.
“I can’t lose you, Carla.  What can I do to make this right?”
“Pray!  Pray, Drew that her baby doesn’t look like you.  Pray that I can forgive you!  Pray, Drew!  Pray…” she stated emphatically.
Daniel took the lead at Hartwell’s house.
“Brandon and Carla.”
“What about them?” Hartwell questioned.
“They’re getting close,” Daniel replied, with more than a hint of worry.
“Oh, that’s so nice!” Belinda interjected with joy.
Hartwell was not on the same page as Daniel.
“Maybe not.”
  	“Why?” she asked.
“Not the best idea for vampire and hunter to be friends.  You never know when one side will snap.”
Belinda nodded in understanding, and then Daniel coughed to get attention.
“What?” Hartwell asked.
“And she’s pregnant.”
Hartwell never missed an opportunity for a good joke.
“Don’t tell me that she doesn’t know who the father is.  Daniel, are you not telling me something?”
Belinda took the bait.
“Yeah Danny, are you not telling us something?” Daniel was annoyed.
“No!  I never went near Carla.  The baby is Drew’s.”
Hartwell was completely intrigued by the possibilities.
“So Drew could be the father of two babies?”
“Wow!  That kid is potent,” Belinda added.
“Let’s hope not,” Daniel said.
Belinda looked at Hartwell and they realized that the all-powerful 
Daniel still had some semblance of an 18-year-old psyche.
“We know so,” Belinda stated as she glided over to her son and gave him a hug.
Hartwell followed and moved in close and said, “We’re all behind you, 
Daniel.”
Daniel knew at that point that he had to cut himself off from his best friend and cousin, Andrew Brewster.  It wasn’t enough that he could have potentially fathered two babies – including one with his expected life-mate, Nicole – there was something else.
The vampire had the knowing suspicion that Cal and Andrew were always up to no good and would eventually create a scenario in which chaos would rule the day.
Daniel missed having Hartwell as both a life mentor and a guide into the vampire world.  It was a much lonelier world without Hartwell steering the ship.
Hartwell, for his part, was completely focused on reinforcing his love for Maggie, but he knew the truth would have to eventually be told.  A truth that would likely rock his love to the core but would hopefully be overcome through a genuine belief that love can truly conquer all obstacles.
“You gonna’ ask her to marry you?” Daniel asked.
Hartwell knew the answer but had difficulty mapping the journey.
“You know I will, but I have to tell her about ‘us’ first.”
“So, you want me to come along while you show her the picture?”
“I want you to come along and show her the picture,” Hartwell replied while pointing to his head, and implying that Daniel provide video support on how happy they were at the turn of the 20th century in San Francisco.
“When are you going to do this?” Daniel asked.
“When is Nicole due?” Hartwell countered.
“March.”
Hartwell smiled, “Then just before that.  Maybe the first nice day just before winter is on its way out and spring signals its arrival.”
“I didn’t know you were such a poet,” Daniel observed.
“There are a lot of things you don’t know about me,” Hartwell boasted.
Daniel reached over and clasped Hartwell’s hand and downloaded him.
“Not anymore,” Daniel said and then continued, “What happens if spring is late next year?”
“Then we’ll have to take our chances.”
“Then take our chances we will,” Daniel stated.
 	“I didn’t know you were so into crocheting rugs?” Daniel joked.
“Yeah, that was before I met your mom.  It was the thing to do in the mid-1880’s.”
“Whatever you say, dad."
Hartwell took the jab in stride knowing that his son finally felt as if he 
was home.
NINETEEN
The rivalry between the hunters and vampire-protectors became more and more contentious with each passing day.  Mortality had come in like a lamb and was truly turning into a lion, as the minds and bodies of the effected groups were struggling to complete the change. 
The dreams started coming more steadily near the end of the year. And these were no ordinary “struggling to run away from danger,” or “being late for everything” dreams.  These dreams virtually replayed the battles of their lives – the chronology of Hartwell’s 100 deaths.
With about 90 days until the babies were due, Season One – of 10 – had already played and Season Two was being cued up.  Each “Season” consisted of 10 deaths, culminating with Cal’s final heroic movement in its entirety – from the depths of the ocean to the moment he walked into the Brewster’s house wearing Hartwell’s New York Yankees baseball hat and tan trench coat.
 Thaddeus and Garrison enjoyed the early years, because they were in their primes and Thad always had to be creative – going two against one versus Hartwell and Gary.
The Beach Haven Health Club was especially active as one year ended and another was poised to begin, even before the annual New Year’s rush to get fit.
It was about that time when things became a lot clearer for Daniel. The lack of control of his emotional being had clouded his judgment and also his ability to establish connections.
He experienced a personal breakthrough one afternoon following another visit from Drew, who apparently had gained some sort of frequent visitation rights to Nicole’s stomach.
The baby started kicking as Drew was walked out of the room and the house.  Daniel walked back into the room and Nicole painfully said, “The baby is kicking hard!”
Daniel placed his hand on her stomach and closed his eyes, sending him on a journey inside of her.
The baby stopped kicking after Daniel said, “It’s going to be all right, son.”
The baby replied, “Dad, can you stop him from coming by?”
Daniel smiled as he replied, “I’ll see what I can do,” and called the developed fetus by his future name.
“You look really happy,” Nicole said.  “Do you want to share your sudden joy with the rest of the class?”
Daniel smile widened even more as he replied, “Everything’s going to be all right.”  Then he reached over and warmly held Nicole while whispering into her ear, “Everything’s going to be all right.”
He then watched on a daily basis as his protagonists and antagonists waged their own personal war at the health club.  Spin classes became a virtual Tour de France and kick boxing sessions turned into extreme cage fighting.
“This is intense,” he said one day while battling Drew in a game of basketball at the club’s gym.  Drew was talking smack to virtual Daniel as the actual vampire hovered under the basket in meditation.
“I’m gonna’ take you to the hole, D!” Andrew said as he drove to the basket.
Daniel debated whether he should send Drew’s shot out of the gym or let him score to boost his confidence.  But Drew didn’t need any more confidence, being that he had thoughts in his head about fathering two children.
Daniel smacked the shot away and the ball at such a high velocity crashed against the wall and instantly deflated.  A shocked Drew looked at Daniel, in both shock and awe, until Daniel wiped his memory clean and replaced it with a winning shot.
“In your face!” Andrew yelled at the virtual Daniel and then stomped off in some sort of primordial victory dance.
The virtual Daniel looked at hovering vampire Daniel and shook his head in disgust.
“You should have let me flatten him!”
“Your time will come,” Daniel said as his alter-ego disappeared.
Nicole was too wrapped up in her pregnancy to notice the small details, but her mortal enemy Carla was not.  Her quiet intensity – and the indisputable fact that she had a next-generation hunter growing in her belly 
– made her keenly aware of her surroundings.
“What if the baby isn’t yours, Drew?”
Drew wasn’t looking for drama, so he focused on Carla.
“I hope it isn’t mine.”
“Do you really mean that?” she asked.
Drew wasn’t a very good liar, although he did keep a huge secret from Carla for three months.
“This is my family,” he stated as he looked at Carla and then touched her stomach.
Carla smiled as Drew touched his forehead to hers.  No words could replace the bond she had with Drew.  But she wasn’t so convinced that he would give up so easily with Nicole.
Cal took Andrew over to one of his favorite spots one afternoon after school, the Beach Haven Boxing Club.  They walked through the door of the dimly lit, stale-smelling yet full-of-life gym. 
You would think that the greatest fighter of all time just walked in, seeing the greeting Cal was given.
“Hey, champ!” a boxer on the speed bag said as he moved his arms back and forth, working over the aged leather bag.
A few more “champ” references had Andrew wondering what all of these people were talking about.
Cal looked toward the wall to their left and then nodded for Drew to look at it.  Cal Brewster had been the light heavyweight champion of the world some 20 years earlier.
“Looking good, champ,” an aged figure with a gruff voice said.  His face had been weathered by too many whiskeys, fast dames and most of all, ring beatings.
“Hey, Morty.  I brought my nephew in to spar with me,” and then he reached in close and hugged his old trainer, while clasping a thick roll of one-hundred-dollar bills into the proud man’s wrinkled hand.
“Thanks, champ,” the man said with a tear in his eyes.  “Thought we lost you there for a while,” meaning that he lived in the gym and on the street for the past 10 years until Cal got back and picked him back on his feet again.
“Never too late for a comeback, is it Mort?” Cal asked.
“I don’t know, this kid looks like a real killer to me,” Morty Zucker replied.
Drew had always been proud of his Uncle Cal, but this display of respect and generosity went beyond his expectations.
Mort smiled and then yelled, “Clear the ring for “The Hammer” and 
“The Kid!”
Cal made sure both of them had the proper headgear, gloves, cups and mouthpieces.  Drew could barely feel his legs from nerves as he stepped through the ropes and into the ring.
They started dancing and Cal explained, “I know what you’re thinking,” he said as he threw a left jab that grazed the left side of Drew’s well-cushioned head.  “But I boxed well before I got my powers.  Your grandpa’ taught me when I was nine.”
Drew thought his uncle would spin him around the ring and put on a good show for the locals, and that’s exactly what he did.
“Combo, champ!” Morty grunted as things suddenly took a turn for the serious.
Two left jabs to the side of the head and then a right cross that connected with his nose, sent Drew reeling against the ropes.  Cal was no longer Drew’s uncle, but a highly trained fighter who had the look of finishing what he started.
Drew was a few inches taller than Cal and outweighed him by at least 20 pounds, most of that muscle, which helped him absorb the initial punishment.
He leaned back against the loose ropes as Cal tried to land a haymaker for the knockout.  Drew ducked and avoided the punch and then countered with a furious left hook to the body.
“Ohhh!” Morty yelled.”  Looks like your dad has been showing him a thing or two.”
Blood trickled from Drew’s nose as he wiped it away with his right glove and said, “Since I was nine.”
They went on to beat each other into sweaty pulps – someone even got out a video phone and then posted the 15-round brawl on the Internet. Each fighter had nothing left in the tank but would not quit.  They had to be pulled off each other when Morty finally deemed that it was enough.
“’Till the death,” Cal huffed when they were still clenched together.
“Hartwell,” was all Drew could muster, but it made Cal realize that it was enough.
Cal and Drew were inseparable after that day.  A few hours of school and keeping Carla company were sandwiched between genuine guy playtime for the two men.
Although Cal had been jailed for years in his watery cell – and then abruptly turned mortal upon his return – he never stopped playing the game.  And the game that he had always been hooked on was hunting Hartwell.
TWENTY
While Drew was off playing with Cal, Carla would journey into town each week to the Beach Haven Nail Salon for a manicure and pedicure.  It was the middle of winter and she was in her third trimester, so she elicited a new driver to shuttle her back and forth.
It had been quite a transformation for Brandon Justice from the world of control to a place where he was finally starting to blend with mainstream society.  His family – Daniel, Hartwell and Belinda – had been such a pleasant change from the abuse he suffered from his own parents, who were now permanent residents of the Pacific Ocean.
But the most radical change in his life had to be his relationship with Carla.  He had tormented her for years in an attempt to gain some sort of competitive advantage once she came on-line when she turned 18.  He would have accomplished the task if mortality hadn’t taken hold.
Carla was as forgiving and she was positive, and she was also ruggedly beautiful.  She would never grace the cover of a fashion magazine in a swanky dress, but if you put her in a pair of tight workout shorts and a cut-off tank top, she would sell a bundle of fitness magazines – even as a pregnant girl.  She worked out every day and had gained only 12 pounds going into the last few months of her pregnancy.
“You must have a baby treadmill in there, because you look great,” Brandon Justice said as he sat next to Carla at the hydra foot-bath station of the nail salon.
“Thanks.  This kid’s gonna’ hit the ground running,” she stated.
“Any idea what it is?  Besides being Homosapien, of course.” 
“Yeah, I know what it is,” she looked at him and slyly smirked.  “But I’m not going to tell anyone.  There’s too much drama with all of these babies already.”
“What are you getting done today?” Brandon asked.
“The works,” she replied.  “You gonna’ take the plunge and get some polish today?”
Brandon was reluctant to get clear polish applied on his toes, thinking that it would be an emasculating experience.  He and Carla were getting along so well, and it was so hard to say ‘no’ to a pregnant woman.
“Okay,” he replied to her delight.
She put her fist out and he gently banged his fist against it.  It was official, they were now friends – if not girlfriends – but Brandon still had a lot to repent for.
“Is that polish on your nails?” an inquisitive Belinda asked the next morning as she glided into the kitchen.
“Did you say something about polish?” Daniel said as he zipped into the area.
Hartwell walked in and also gave his two cents, “I went through a pedicure phase.”  He moved in closer, “Let me take a look at those bad boys.”
Brandon extended his right, thonged foot – like a woman extended her engagement ring – and then the picture-show ensued.  Daniel was upgrading his video capability almost daily and was now showing home movies in front of the flat-screen TV in 3D.
“When did we get the 3-D set?” Hartwell asked.
“It just came in,” Daniel replied.
“That isn’t hot, is it?” Hartwell sarcastically played on.
“Oh, it’s hot all right,” Daniel countered.
The playback of Brandon and Carla’s nail appointment was rolling and the viewers were free to comment.
“So, you’re driving her to and from her appointments now?” Hartwell asked.
“Yes.  She’s pregnant and Andrew is always running around with his uncle.”
 	Hartwell turned and looked at Daniel, as both men knew the young Brewster was now under Cal’s ‘dirty’ wing.
“I think that’s so nice of you!” Belinda gushed as she took a brief respite from her blood sippy bag.
Hartwell transmitted his thoughts to Daniel.
“That boy better watch his back.  If there’s one thing I’ve learned after all of the years, it’s that those Brewster’s never stop coming – especially Cal.”
Daniel replied, “Drew is just as intense.”
The vampire then supplied a separate feed for Hartwell of Cal and Drew fighting.  While Belinda and Brandon chit-chatted about clear nail polish and the advantages of using a clean soaking basin.
“Can you hear what they’re saying?” Hartwell asked Daniel as Drew and Cal met in their final clutch.
Daniel synthesized the information, thus equipping himself with the knowledge of their mutual loathing for Hartwell.  He then played a remastered version of the exchange.
“Ain’t gonna’ be no rematch,” Cal said.  
“Don’t want one,” Drew replied.
Hartwell shook his head and said, “That was from the movie ‘Rocky.’” “Yes it was,” Daniel came clean.
In reality, they both knew that Hartwell’s days were numbered, and – by the smiles on both of their faces – they were both all right with that.
Hartwell couldn’t resist the opportunity to stroll into the Beach Haven Boxing Club one late February morning.  Although his picture hadn’t been hung on the wall of the club, he had seen his share of fights during the 19th century gold rush and beyond.
The overwhelming temptation to get in the ring and bash Cal Brewster’s head in was unavoidable.  Daniel tagged along to make sure that his father didn't do damage to his dad.  Belinda also hovered outside the ring to see her ex-husband get his head handed to him.
Belinda never actually filed for divorce because she had already received the insurance proceeds from Cal’s death a year after he disappeared.  She also had the ability to make people believe just about anything she wanted, so a full divorce is what she desired – besides seeing him get what he had coming.
“You here to work out, buddy?” a somewhat standoffish Morty asked 
Hartwell.
The long and lean Hartwell looked down at the diminutive Zucker and simply replied, “Cal Brewster.”
Not quite the answer that Mort Zucker expected.  In fact, he had been in the fight game for 60 years and was usually not surprised by the machismo always hovering around the gym.  But this ‘admission if stupidity’ was different.
“Did you say, Cal Brewster?”
“Yep,” Hartwell confidently replied.
“What would you want with a champion like that?  If you want his autograph I think I have a few signed pictures back in the office.”
Hartwell again looked down at Morty and then gazed into the ring.
“Cal Brewster.”
“Okay, buddy.  That’s your funeral,” Morty said and then stopped in his tracks.  “Didn’t catch the name?”
Hartwell barely interrupted his focus on the ring.
“Hartwell.”
Morty’s mind was a little jumbled and he was going to ask if ‘Hartwell’ was his first or last name, but he shook his head, waved off the question, and then walked back into the office to call Cal.
Cal felt his cell phone vibrate in his shorts and noticed on his caller ID that the call was coming from the gym.
“How come you’re not using that cell phone I got you?”
Morty reached into the kangaroo pocket of his hooded sweatshirt and felt the phone.
“Damn!  I forgot about that!”
“That’s all right.  What’s going on, Mort?”
“There’s this guy named Hartwell…” was all Morty could get off before Cal hung up the phone and was already in motion.  He was sitting in the coffee shop down the street from the gym and was through the door just as Morty hung up the phone and waddled confusingly out of the office.
As Morty reached for his cell phone, Cal burst through the door.
“Clear the ring,” an incensed Cal said as he passed Morty.
“This is going to be good!” Belinda said as she hovered next to Daniel in a vacant spot across from the ring.
Daniel disappeared for a blink and returned with two big bags of popcorn and a few sippy bags.
“The only thing that could make this better is if he flattened him with the first punch,” she added.
Daniel quickly analyzed the measurables of both fighters and concluded, “This might take a while.”
“Do you already know who’s going to win?  Oh please, don’t ruin it for me!  Unless he’s going to win.”
It was a few weeks since Cal and Drew went at it in the ring, and Cal was itching to fight again.  Mortality was definitely wearing on him, and he was an adventure junkie in need of an adrenaline fix.
“Good morning, Calvin,” Hartwell said in a mocking tone.
Cal’s first psychotic instinct was to spin around and punch Hartwell in the face, but Daniel suppressed that urge.
“You know he was going to punch you,” Daniel transmitted to 
Hartwell.
Hartwell took off his baseball cap and tipped it to Daniel.  he was the only guy in the gym who could see Belinda and Daniel, and he felt calmer knowing that Daniel would never let anything ever happen to him.
I wasn’t the first time that Hartwell desired to be a vampire again. 
There was a certain freedom that came with the feeling of weightlessness. “Floating on a cloud” was the way that Hartwell described it.  He had so many dreams over the years that were focused on floating with Daniel.
Daniel was always tapped into Hartwell’s thoughts, and he knew the future was now set in stone.  There would be no stopping destiny from steamrolling mortality and restoring the full balance of power.
“I look forward to it,” Daniel voiced to Hartwell who was back to feeling like a god again.
TWENTY-ONE
“Can you do anything for his face?” Belinda asked Daniel after another fight that Morty had to stop because death was on the horizon.
Daniel got inside of Hartwell’s body and accelerated his blood flow after introducing some of his souped-up stem cells.  Hartwell was slumped over on the bench in the corner of the gym – white towel draped over his head and nearly collapsed from the broken bones he had suffered from the brick hands of Cal Brewster.
Within seconds, Hartwell straightened up and when he removed the blood-soaked towel, there wasn’t a mark on his face.  He looked at Daniel in awe because he never thought to use his powers as a vampire for good, to heal people.   
Hartwell stood up and walked out of the gym, shaking hands and exchanging positive words with some boxers, who still saw the cuts and bruises on his face.
“If you can heal people that fast, then the battles will be much more interesting,” Hartwell said internally to Daniel.
“It should be more about teamwork and creativity anyway,” Daniel replied.
Cal Brewster, conversely, wasn’t as fortunate.  Broken ribs and massive internal bleeding sent him to the hospital for a week.  He nearly died when first admitted, but a helping hand guided him out of certain 
doom.
“You have to get yourself checked out, champ,” Morty implored Cal, some 20 minutes after Hartwell exited the gym.
Cal smirked and then collapsed on the gym floor, prompting his trainer to pull out his cell phone and dial 9-1-1.  He looked at the phone the way a caveman viewed the first fire, or a stick used as a weapon, or a rock shaped like a wheel.
Brewster was actually a few seconds away from death when Daniel swooped in and gave him a ‘jump’ by extracting some of Cal’s mortal blood and replacing it with his own.
“Was that a tough decision?” Belinda asked Daniel later that day.
Daniel wasn’t sure how to answer that question, being that he had bypassed thinking for simply reacting.
“I don’t think so,” he finally admitted after some reflection.  “Would you have done it?” he asked his mom. 
Belinda had changed.  She would have taken offense to the loaded question in her prior life, because she would have unquestionably saved him.  But her life as a vampire was different, in a good way. “No,” was all she said.
“Really?” Daniel prodded.  “You hate him that much?”
While Daniel had been teaching his mom all of the vampire lessons – much in the way Hartwell did with him – it was now time for his mom to be, well, his mom.
“It’s not a matter of love of hate anymore, Danny.  I stood by your father even when he could care less about me.”
She flipped the switch, “A better question might be, why did you save him?  Is it because you’re confused?”
“Confused about what?  He’s not my father. My blood.”
“Then why did you do it?” she asked.
“As a favor.”
She thought and then smiled, “To Hartwell?”
Daniel laughed, “To Hartwell.”
Sharon ran to Cal in the hospital once he alerted her to the fact that he was there.  While Daniel’s blood helped heal Cal’s internal injuries, it did little to make him look any prettier.
Cal was half-asleep as Sharon made her way past the nurse’s station and cleared the doorway of room 575.  He was hooked up to a bunch of machines and his face was badly cut and bruised, making it look more like he was hit by a cross-town bus than Hartwell’s fists.
“Oh my god!” she said as she raced over to his bedside.  They had planned to meet a few nights earlier, but Cal never showed up.  She was furious with him and said under her breath, “He better be in the hospital.”
Of course, she never checked Beach Haven Hospital because – at the time – it was just a figure of speech.  A simple way to rationalize his absence.
He jumped as she nervously touched his arm.
“Pumpkin?” he affectionately called her since the day she brought him a pumpkin on Halloween.  
Sharon sat on the bed for the better part of a half-hour until someone she thought was the nurse came in.  She had her back to the door and was all-too willing to give the medical professional some time to look over the patient.
“Okay,” was all she got off after she kissed Cal gently on the forehead.
She turned to face the nurse but the only thing she was greeted by was a fist speeding toward her nose.
Emily Brewster didn’t like her twin brother dating the enemy. Although she had ‘met’ Hartwell on a few occasions, she was never in love with him, just the idea of doing something forbidden.  
She looked down at Sharon Phillips – unconscious with blood streaming out of her broken nose – and felt her head clear for the first time in months.  She went to open the door to the room with the right hand she used to knock her rival out and winced in pain.
Emily went down to the emergency room and texted a new friend, while waiting to get her hand x-rayed.
“In the emergency room,” was what she texted to her mystery man.
 	It wasn’t long before Sharon Phillips was wheeled into the Emergency Room so the nurses could stop the bleeding before the doctors re-set her nose.
Emily already had her x-rays taken, and it would be a few more minutes before someone would tell her that her right hand was broken. Sharon was sitting in a chair with two huge cotton swabs firmly planted in her nostrils, but it didn’t inhibit her from seeing Emily Brewster walking around the curtain.
The area around Sharon’s eyes was bruised, but she saw enough of Emily’s face to hit her square between the eyes – something her father, 
Garrison Phillips taught her.
“When in doubt, strike between the eyes,” Gary would say to a young 
Sharon trying to find her way in the world of a vampire protector.
Sharon connected firmly across Emily’s nose, sending the stunned Brewster falling backwards to the cold, tiled floor.  The punch produced matching broken noses and right hands for both women and gave Sharon some time to think about her impossible relationship with Cal Brewster.
Not surprisingly in the world of vampires, the man that showed up to check on Emily was the same guy who bought Belinda’s house.  Aaron 
Driscoll also happened to be Belinda’s hunter-in-waiting.
About a month after Driscoll bought the house, Emily stopped by even though Daniel had taken the suspicion of the sale away.  The house was still familiar to her and she was curious to see who lived there, proving the strength of the hunter connection.
She knocked on the door.
Driscoll, a 40-something widower with no children, looked through the peephole and said, “Who is it?”
“It’s Emily Brewster,” she replied as if the name was supposed to carry some weight.
He opened the door, all 6’ 4” of him, and she instantly liked the new owner over the old one.
For some odd reason – perhaps common neighborly courtesy – she stopped at the Beach Haven Bakery before she went to the house and snagged the last chocolate crumb cake.
“Is that for me?” Aaron asked, as Emily stood motionless and didn’t speak for a few seconds.
“Oh, I’m sorry!” she exclaimed.  “I picked up the last chocolate crumb cake at the bakery on the way.”
He received the box and said “Thanks!  Would you like to sit with me and have a piece?”
Emily had nowhere to go, so she replied “Sure!”
“Decaf, tea or milk?” he asked as they walked from the front door to the kitchen.
She was feeling more and more comfortable around him with each passing second.
“Surprise me.”
She walked into the kitchen and sat down as he placed a few plates and forks down, and then hit her up with a tall glass of iced chai tea.  Emily took a sip and said, “What brand is this?  It’s delicious.”
He obviously had too much time on his hands, “I made it myself.”
TWENTY-TWO
Love was definitely in the air as spring approached.  It was also a time for readjusting expectations and moving forward in life.
It was lunch time at the Beach Haven Diner, although you wouldn’t know it by the variety of food being served.  Table 12 was eating pancakes and a cheeseburger deluxe; Table six, southern fried chicken and a tuna salad sandwich on toasted rye; and table 15, Greek chopped salad and chicken parmesan.
Belinda Thompson was growing tired of drinking bags of blood, so she went out and looked for something rare.  A few minutes behind her was Agent Blake Wallace, who had just completed his workout at the health club, showered, and was looking to replenish.
“Would you like a booth or a table?” the 30-something Greek hostess in tight-fitting clothes, a full kit of make-up, and three-inch pumps asked Blake.
Blake looked around the restaurant, much as an FBI agent would, and replied, “I think I’ll sit at the counter.”
The seating decision was largely based on the quicker service at the counter but had something to do with spotting Belinda sitting by herself. He sat a few seats away from her and they made eye contact when he swiveling on the stool.
“Morning!” he said in an energetic voice.
She didn’t need a watch to know that it was indeed afternoon. 
Belinda pointed to her wrist and replied, “You might be a little slow.”
He smiled and re-set, “Then, good afternoon, Belinda.”
She was so preoccupied with watching the Hispanic cook preparing her steak that she had trouble initially focusing on the conversation. 
Belinda was also debating whether to forego the snack for her first ‘live’ meal.
“Do I know you?” Belinda asked Blake in a somewhat annoyed tone.
Belinda’s last fleeting memory of Blake was a quick hello just after she was turned.  She couldn’t focus at all back then because of her insatiable yearning for blood.  Like a true addict, she was solely focused on the next blood sippy bag, not making small talk with the local mortals.
Blake was a bit offended at first, but quickly shook it off.
“I’m Blake Wallace.”
Still nothing came up on her radar, so he broke it down further.
“Nicole’s father.”
“Oh!” she said.  “Nicole’s father!” as she looked him over and thought, “I don’t remember Nicole’s father looking that good.”
 	Blake had dropped 15 pounds and replaced all of that baby fat with lean muscle.  He was swimming again, and much of the stress he endured from being away from Nicole all of those years had melted away.
The elderly waitress with the pencil in her firm, Aqua-Net hairdo, came out of the kitchen with the rarest steak Blake had ever seen.  He acted like he didn’t know she was a vampire at first.
The waitress was ready to take Blake’s order but he first said, “That is one rare steak.  I’ll have a turkey sandwich on toasted whole wheat and a baked potato, please.”
Gina walked into the kitchen and Blake went on the offensive.
“Getting sick of those sippy bags, eh?”
Nobody except her three men at home knew about her transformation into a vampire, or so she thought.
She glided over to sit next to Blake and said, “You know, I could drain you before you take another breath.”
Belinda was only inches away from Blake’s face but he replied, “Yeah 
I know.”
“And you’re not scared?”
He replied, “No, I think it’s hot.  I think you’re hot.”
Gina walked out of the swinging kitchen doors to see Blake and Belinda passionately kissing in front of her.  The sight of this public display of affection spun her around back into the kitchen.
Sharon wheeled herself into Cal’s room fully expecting to tell her beaten man that their relationship was over.  The wheelchair squeaked as she pushed with her left arm – the good one – through the doorway.
Cal awoke from a half-sleep and muttered, “Sharon?  Shar is that you?” 
If she could have operated the chair effectively, she probably would have backed on out of the room and never stopped rolling.  But she quickly turned spastic from the emotional pressure and the chair proved useless as a getaway vehicle.
Cal could barely move, but he grunted and huffed his way to sit up. 
Most mortals would have passed out from the sheer pain of the act.
“You broke her nose, didn’t you?” a groggy Cal said while laughing.
Sharon took her soft guard down.
“She had it coming!  What’s it her business what we do?”
 At that moment Sharon had finally reached the kind of clarity in her life that had always been missing.  She thought, “Yeah!  Whose business is it anyway?  I’m a grown-ass-woman for god’s sake!  If I want to spend the rest of my life with this man, then I will!”
“That’s why I love you,” Cal said as he tried to get up.
“Don’t do that!” Sharon yelled as she pried herself free of the chair and raced to stop him from falling.
She hugged him and he said, “I’m going to marry you, Sharon 
Phillips.”
Cal then fell asleep on her shoulder and she gently set him back into bed before he broke into a full drool on her shoulder.
Sharon said, “So much for breaking up with him.”
She was walking out of the room and he said, “I heard that.”
Sharon smiled and turned around, “Yeah, I knew that” as she walked past the infernal wheelchair and out of the room.
TWENTY-THREE
Nicole and Carla’s pregnancies had reached month number nine as 
February transitioned into March.  
Nicole was miserable with a baby that never seemed to sleep, leading her to believe that it was Andrew’s kid because he was always in motion.  Conversely, Carla’s pregnancy was basically uneventful and she barely adjusted her lifestyle.  The only thing she varied was taking naps – she never took naps before the baby, but how she loved those quiet afternoon snoozes!
“I hope she has her baby first, so you can concentrate on me, “Carla said to Drew one afternoon as they left the doctor’s office.
“I was thinking just the opposite,” he said.  “If you have your baby first, then it will be unique.  I want to experience everything together.”
While Carla was touched with Drew’s thoughtfulness, she knew all hell would break loose regardless of the outcome.  If Nicole’s baby was his, then she would lose part of her man to a girl she despised.  But, if the baby wasn’t Drew’s, then someone would have to pay for his loss.
“We have to talk to Maggie,” Hartwell said to Daniel.
“I thought you were going to wait for the first nice day of spring?” 
Daniel questioned.
“Yes, but I can’t wait.  I want to ask her to marry me.”
Daniel scanned Hartwell before he could even detect it, and discovered that his dad and mentor was about to discover one of life’s toughest lessons: you can’t run through a brick wall… at least, not on the 
first try.
Daniel continued to appear apprehensive, and it wasn’t difficult for 
Hartwell to pick up on the stop signals he was emitting.
“What?  You don’t think I should marry your mom?”
“No, of course not!  I mean, of course you should marry her.  It’s just that… she might have a problem digesting that much information.”
Hartwell gave brief pause to his son’s point and then stated, “But she’s going to have to hear the truth at some point.  Better now than three years down the road when we’re already married.  The vampire in me wants to trick and deceive, but I’ve never known Maggie as a vampire.  Our relationship has been purely mortal.  She has to know the truth now, 
Daniel.”
“I guess you’re right.  But it’s gonna’ take some time before she comes around.”
“How much time?” Hartwell questioned.  
Daniel scanned Maggie and was not surprised to see that her ability to forgive measured off the charts.
“It won’t be too bad,” Daniel stated, fudging the truth a bit.
Hartwell didn’t need to be discouraged at that point, because it was going to be hard enough watching the love of his life have her heart broken into little pieces.
“Then we go tomorrow,” Hartwell stated.
Tomorrow came and so did the two-inch deluge of rain, prompting Hartwell to postpone the picture-show for another day.  Besides, he wanted to go to her on a Saturday when her mind was clear from work pressures and thoughts.
Maggie’s life had been fairly stress-free until she decided to pick up and move from her roots in Portland, Maine.  At the time she had a great library job and was about to buy her first house when her parents were killed in a freak skiing accident.
Instead of staying in Maine and putting down roots, she sold her parents’ house and got the job in Beach Haven.  The New York community was her second choice to a job she was offered in – of all places – San Francisco.      
Maggie was all set to take the job.  She even went out to the West Coast and spent a long weekend in the area, meeting with school personnel and looking around with a realtor to find a place to live.
Everything was in place until she walked around by herself on Sunday morning.  Maggie turned a corner and was hit with an Empire State Building-sized flashback.
She was holding a little boy’s hand and he was saying, “Did you see that mom and dad?”
The flashback continued as the boy – wearing a white dress shirt, a cap, wool pants, and shoes – ran up the long flight of stairs to what was presumably their house.  She turned and kissed a man, but his face was blurry and she couldn’t make him out.
The flashback stopped and she was standing in front of the very house she lived in with Hartwell and Daniel, at least when Daniel was named Nathanial.  Something was telling her at that moment that this wasn’t the place she was supposed to be.
Maggie looked in awe at the house as her cell phone buzzed, alerting her that she had an e-mail.  She pulled her phone out of her purse and opened the e-mail, which was from the Beach Haven School District. They wanted to interview Maggie for their soon-to-be-open librarian position.
She was a firm believer in signs.  The combination of the flashback with the eerily timed e-mail convinced her where her next step in life would likely occur.  Maggie woke up the day her parents died and walked out to fetch the newspaper.  A blue-jay raced past her - flapping furiously - and slammed beak-long into the front window of the house.  She then tried to get in touch with her parents but the Vermont area was engulfed by an avalanche and all phone communication was down.  It wasn’t until the next morning that she got the dreaded call.
TWENTY-FOUR
Hartwell heard the birds chirping outside his window in the morning and knew this would be the day of reckoning.  There was no easy way for him to tell the love his life that they had been married in a previous life, and that a vampire with wings and sharp teeth was their son.
He also had to explain to Maggie that he sacrificed himself after mother and son tragically died, to become a vampire so that one day they would all be together again.
Hartwell staggered into the shower and then walked out toward the main room of the house in his white bathrobe.  Daniel sped around and handed him a mug of coffee and then returned into the room wearing a suit and a tie.
“Too much?” Daniel questioned as his nervous energy was obviously getting the best of him.
He returned wearing multiple outfits, from a blue pinstripe sailor suit to a winter coat with a fur hood, in a fashion show that was meant to amuse Hartwell and break the ice on what would be a tough day ahead.  
“Why don’t you just wear what you’re comfortable in,” Hartwell said with a smile on his face.
Daniel came back in a pair of black boxer shorts with hearts all over it and a black fish-net tank top.
“To go outside,” Hartwell added.
Daniel came back wearing a t-shirt and a pair of jeans.
“Perfecto!” Hartwell exclaimed as he made an ‘okay’ sign with his right hand.
Belinda then zipped in and was floating and singing in the most heinous voice.  The glass-breaking octaves woke Brandon Justice up and he shuffled into the kitchen from his bedroom. 
He yawned and was about to say, “When did we get a cat, and who stepped on it?” until he saw Belinda as the source of his unrest.
“What’s going on?” Justice said in a raspy voice.
“I think I met someone.  I mean, I know I met someone… Blake,” was all she said.
It had been some time since Belinda dated another man besides Cal, and she was obviously out of practice.
“Agent Blake?” Daniel asked as Hartwell and Brandon chuckled.
Belinda was blissfully indignant, “Yes, Agent Blake!  Have you seen him lately?  That man is hot!”
All three guys made the gag and turn-away gesture as they thought of Blake Wallace – Nicole’s dad – as beefcake.
“What’s the problem?  What are you guys doing today?” she asked.
Hartwell looked at Daniel and he looked at Brandon, who took the lead.
“Going out with Valerie.”
“You two guys are quite the item.  Have you asked her to prom yet?” 
Belinda inquired.
“Tickets go on sale…” Justice explained as the internal conversation between Hartwell and Daniel began.
“Do we tell them where we’re going?” Daniel asked.
“Do you think it’s necessary?” Hartwell countered.
Daniel analyzed his mom and Brandon and said, “I say we tell mom and not Justice.  There’s no telling what he could do with that kind of information.”
Hartwell nodded, “Agreed.”
Daniel waited for a quiet moment and then approached his mom through her mind.
“Mom, I have to talk to you.”
Belinda picked up her head and was going to glide over, but Daniel said “Just keep doing what you’re doing.  This is between you and me and, well, him,” he stated as he looked over at Hartwell who waved.
“We’re going to talk to Maggie today.”
Belinda searched through her mental directory for a Maggie and the came up with the old black-and-white picture of Daniel and Hartwell with Maggie in their past life together.       
  	“Oh, Maggie!  You two and Maggie… that’s great, she said as the elation of figuring out the puzzle crashed with the reality of not being able to participate.
Hartwell’s focus was definitely not on Belinda this day, but he noticed that her mental balloon had been deflated.
“You will always be Daniel’s mother and I appreciate you bringing him back to us.”
“So all I am to you is a conduit?  A vessel to bring your son back to you?” Belinda angrily stated.
The brutally honest answer was “Yes,” although Daniel made sure that wasn’t the response.  He put a filter around Hartwell’s words to ensure the proper delivery.
“Of course not! You have raised Daniel far beyond what I was allowed to go with Nathanial.  He is where he is today because of all of us, but his mortal development was 90 percent you and about 10 percent 
Maggie and me.”
Belinda glided over and gave Hartwell a hug – their first – and Daniel looked relieved while Hartwell shot him a glance over Belinda’s shoulder that said, “What?  Did you think I would say ‘yes’?”
“C’mon, you thought about it!” Daniel inner-voiced to Hartwell.
Hartwell smirked, an evil expression he perfected as a vampire, and said, “Yes, I did.”
TWENTY-FIVE
Two o’clock was the time Hartwell deemed it would be appropriate for such a potentially volatile meeting.  Anything involving food that required plates, glasses and utensils would be a hazardous environment that he wanted to resist.  After all, he wasn’t as fast as he used to be.
Maggie, being the proper hostess, had some food at the ready for her man and a special mystery guest.  Hartwell withheld the identity of the guest so he could get through the front door with ease.
Meeting at a public place would have been a disaster and could have compromised Maggie’s professional standing and integrity within her new community.
It was 1:59 and 56 seconds.  Daniel turned to Hartwell in their house and said, “You ready?”
Hartwell replied, “As ready as…” and then they standing in front of Maggie’s door, “I’m going to be,” Hartwell seamlessly finished his sentence. he then looked at the doorbell and nodded.
Daniel rang the doorbell without even touching it.  The bell never actually made an audible sound, only Maggie believed she heard it.
“It’s my gift to the environment,” Daniel beamed as he contributed to the reduction of noise pollution and Maggie’s carbon footprint.
Maggie swung the door open and she looked extremely relaxed and radiant in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, with no sign of shoes or socks.  The 
21st century version of Maggie was much “crunchier” than her 19th and 20th century predecessor.
“Daniel Thompson is that you?  Come on in here!” Maggie exclaimed with joy over seeing her favorite new student from the previous year.  She hugged Daniel and then moved on to her life-mate, Thomas Hartwell.  
Maggie kissed Hartwell and then they all started walking toward the living room of her ranch house.
“So Thomas, how do you know each other?  I’ve never heard you mention Daniel before,” the full-fledged detective voiced.
Daniel slowed Maggie’s heartbeat enough until she was essentially frozen in time.
“How are you going to answer that one?” Daniel asked.
“As much as I appreciate you trying to make this one a soft landing, you’re going to have to let this one play out naturally.  There’s really no other way, son.”
Daniel became more nervous with each passing second, because those moments went by excruciatingly slow in his frenetic world.
Hartwell was ready to answer Maggie’s question as directly as possible, or so he thought.
“We met a long time ago,” Hartwell replied, trying to string the conversation along at an orderly pace instead of hitting Maggie over the head with the truth.
Daniel was playing along with his mentor.
“Yeah, me and Mr. Hartwell go way back.”
Maggie was satisfied with the explanation – for now – but it still didn’t explain why her beau had to bring Daniel over her house.
“So Daniel, how is college?”
The conversation kept getting murkier, as Daniel had amassed multiple doctorates by the second half of his freshman year and had also completed a full residency.
“It’s definitely an adjustment,” Daniel said trying to dumb himself down to the college level.  He then turned to Hartwell.
“Remember I told you that Maggie – I mean – Miss Hollingsworth, helped me with that year-end paper I was writing last year?”
Maggie wasn’t used to her students referring to her by her first name. She was a little curious about how much Daniel and Hartwell had talked about her.
“Yes, Daniel was my favorite student to work with last year.  He and I seemed to mesh from the moment he walked up to the library counter. 
Made my transition into the school so much easier.”
Hartwell was already growing impatient.  He was never a big proponent of idle chit-chat, either as a mortal or especially as a vampire. There was never a set-up when he fed off humans.  Strengthening his base with their fluids had nothing to do with giving people closure at the end of their lives.  To Hartwell, he was simply the beneficiary of blood sourcing being at the wrong place at the right time.
“Why do you think that is?” Hartwell asked, interrupting the harmless flow of conversation.
Daniel could sense that the conversation shift was coming by Hartwell’s elevated heartbeat.  He knew that the secret could be contained for only so long.
“I don’t know?” Maggie replied.  “I guess I just have a better connection with some students.”
Hartwell wasn't about to let the flow of the conversation run of his tracks.  His head dropped and tears started flowing from his eyes.
Maggie was looking at Daniel and did not immediately notice Hartwell’s abrupt change in demeanor.  Daniel smiled at Maggie and attempted to hold her attention to give Hartwell a chance to pull himself together, but there was no turning back now.
She was smiling until Hartwell’s sorrow became visible.
“Thomas, what’s wrong?” Maggie said as she quickly moved toward him.
Daniel spoke for his father.
“Do you believe in destiny, Maggie?”
Maggie turned to Daniel, “Maggie?  Why do you keep calling me 
Maggie?”
“Because we know each other.”
Maggie was confused only because she knew something was happening that was probably beyond mortal comprehension.
“Of course we know each other!” Maggie exclaimed.  “Thomas, what’s going on?”  she said to Hartwell, who had finally turned off the sprinklers.
“We have a history.”
“Of only a year,” she stated.
Hartwell picked up his head and looked Maggie in the eyes.
“Of more than 100 years.”
Maggie stood up and initially felt like running out of the house, but her legs were powerless. 
An innocent bystander might have surmised that Maggie’s 
inability to move had something to do with Daniel’s influence.  She was so frustrated, but her temporary paralysis had nothing to do with the original son.
“That isn’t logical!  What are you talking about 100 years, Thomas? And what does Daniel have to do with this?  No offense Daniel, but why are you here with Thomas?”
“Would you rather have us answer each question sequentially, or would you rather see a sensory presentation?” Daniel asked.
“Sensory presentation?  What is he talking about, Thomas?”
Hartwell stood up and walked a few paces over to Maggie, “Why don’t you sit down, my love.”
He guided her to the couch and they both sat down facing the middle of the room.
“You’re on,” Hartwell said to Daniel.
Life-size 3-D images of the family back in early 20th century San 
Francisco appeared as they all watched.
“How is he doing this?  Is that me?” Maggie asked as Hartwell motioned for Daniel to put the image in her head so she couldn’t talk over 
it.
The men watched the 3-D image while Maggie had the story of their lives played internally.  She was walking in San Francisco – much the way she did when she went on her modern-day interview.  The action played out again as Maggie saw herself holding a little boy’s hand and walking next to a tall, sleek man.  In her previous flashback, she had a full view of the young boy but couldn’t quite make out the man’s face.
“Look at Nathanial, honey.  He’s so happy!” she gushed.
“So am I,” a familiar male voice replied as Maggie moved in for a kiss. 
As she got closer, Hartwell’s face finally came out of the shadows.
Maggie’s body in the present and sitting on the couch twitched at the sight of Hartwell.  Her former self said, “I love you, Thomas.”
Daniel had cued up another five minutes of highlights, but he could see that Maggie was struggling to get out.
Hartwell commented, “I used to have a lot more flair back then.”
“That was a nice three-piece suit,” Daniel replied.
“Tweed,” Hartwell stated.
Maggie rubbed her eyes and immediately went on the offensive. “Are you two saying that I was married to Thomas in a prior life?” They both nodded in agreement.
“Daniel, was that boy – what was his name – Nathanial?  What that you?”
“Yes,” Daniel replied.
“How is that humanly possible?” she asked.
“How is that humanly possible?”  Hartwell inquired.  “That we were together back then?”
Maggie furiously shook her head, “No!  No, I’m willing to accept that we were all together in what appeared to be the late 1800’s or early 
1900’s…”
“She’s good,” Daniel said to Hartwell.
“What I’m really have a hard time with is how we are all sitting here now? Again, how is that humanly possible?”
Hartwell simply stated, “It’s not.”
“What do you mean, Thomas?”
“I mean that it’s not humanly possible, my dear.”
Not only was Maggie agitated, but she was also extremely uncomfortable with the thought of the life she knew being in question.
She stood up again as her legs regained their ability to function again.  
“Are you saying that you two are not mortal beings?”
Hartwell replied, “I am, but he’s not.”
“But there was a time – actually most of the time – when I was and you weren’t,” Daniel said to Hartwell.
“That is true,” Hartwell replied.
“Thomas, you are mortal?”
“Yes.”
“That’s a relief,” Maggie said as she smiled and let out a huge sigh. 
“What are you Daniel?  That is, if you’re saying you’re not human.”
Daniel looked at Hartwell and the mentor and father nodded that it was all right to disclose the truth.
“I am a vampire,” Daniel stated, as he edged up to the end of the couch cushion.
“A vampire?” Maggie exclaimed.  “Thomas, how can this be?  How can this boy be a vampire?”
Hartwell looked at Daniel this time, and the vampire nodded that he had to tell her the truth.
“I turned him.”
“You turned this boy into a vampire?” Maggie shrieked as her maternal instinct kicked in.  “Why would you do that?” “Because he’s my son.  Because he’s your son.”
Maggie was starting to unravel.
“Are you going to ‘turn’ me now?”
Hartwell replied, “I can’t turn anyone anymore.”
“Why is that?”
“Because I was killed for the 100th time and then became mortal.”
“How long were you a vampire?” she continued her straight line of questioning.
“For more than 100 years.”
Maggie paced back and forth as the information slowly permeated her brain.
“I can show you more if that will help?” Daniel offered to help.
But that only put him in harm’s way, “There’s more?  I think I’ve seen and heard quite enough for one day, wouldn’t you say, Thomas?”
The question was rhetorical, so it was apparent that Maggie was at the end of her rope.
“Good day, gentlemen.”
Hartwell and Daniel stood up, and Hartwell moved toward Maggie, somehow feeling as if intimacy would rule the day.
She looked up at Hartwell, who looked back with his sad puppy-dog eyes.
“I think we’re done here, Thomas,” Maggie said without a hint of emotion.
“But Maggie…” Hartwell started to protest until she put her hand up in a stop sign.
“No buts, Thomas.  It’s time for you to go.”
“If that’s your wish,” he said.
“That’s my wish,” Maggie stated.
TWENTY-SIX
Weeks went by and Hartwell was left to fend for himself and dare to consider a life without Maggie.  She, on the other hand, threw herself into work just before the school district was about to go on Spring Break.
“Do you think she’ll ever come back to me, Daniel?” Hartwell asked.
Daniel didn’t want to be overly optimistic, but he already knew the answer to the question.
“Just give it time.  She’ll come around.”
And come around she did.  Later that day – a day shy of a moment when it seemed like the earth stood still in Beach Haven – Maggie was sitting on a bench in Beach Haven Park and her thoughts drifted to Daniel.
“I wonder if he was my son?” she thought as she took out her knitting needles and went to work on another sweater.
“I wonder what size he is?”
“I’m an extra-large, but you might want to make it a double-x,” Daniel voiced in Maggie’s head.
“Who said that?” Maggie said out loud.
“It’s Daniel, and you don’t have to use your voice to talk to me.”
“Can I see you?”
Daniel zipped in and sat next to Maggie on the bench.
“Can it be true that you were my son?” she asked as tears started falling from her sky.
“Yes, it is true,” he replied as they met in a warm embrace.  “But there is so much more that you need to know.”
“Then show me,” Maggie said as they broke the hug.
Daniel zipped back to Maggie’s apartment to put her things away, and then he was back sitting on the bench just as she realized he was gone.
“Wow, that was fast!  Sorry, but I’d like to keep my purse, though.”
Then he returned with the purse.
“Ready to go?”
“Where are we…”
And then they were standing in front of the stoop of their home in San 
Francisco.
…going?” Maggie finished her question.  “Sort of takes all of the air out of asking a question when you’re around.  But I like that.  I’m not one for mysteries, anyway.”
Daniel smiled as they sat down on the bottom two stairs.
“You know there was a reason he became a vampire.  He never does anything without a reason,” Daniel stated.
“That, I know.”
Daniel narrated as he mentally took Maggie inside of their house – it was a time just after they both had passed away from the black plague. Hartwell was so distraught that he was seconds away from ending his own 
life.
He picked up a gun off the table and slowly lifted it toward his head but was interrupted by a loud knock on the front door.
“Don’t do it, Thomas!” Maggie yelled as if she could alter the outcome.  She and Daniel were standing only a few feet from Hartwell – it was one of Daniel’s newest innovations: virtual reality.  He could now be in the scene during the flashbacks but could not affect anything around him – at least not yet.
Hartwell let then man into the house and then was told that if he ever wanted to see his wife and child again, that there was only one way to do it. 
And that way was to die and be reborn as a vampire.
“Oh my god,” a shocked Maggie said when she could finally exhale.
She then turned to Daniel and said, “Look what he did for us,” as she watched a PG version of him being brutally killed after the vampire, 
Alexander Lowery, fed off him.
Daniel and Maggie then returned to the stoop and watched a montage of Hartwell’s emotional struggles throughout the 100 years he was without his family.  All of the times he thought he saw Maggie and his son, only to stare defeat down with each passing day.  The loneliness, the heartache, the lingering doubts over whether Lowery was telling the truth.
Of course Daniel left out all of Hartwell’s carousing and hedonistic partying – not exactly required viewing for a relationship on the mend.
Maggie and Daniel were back in Beach Haven, sitting on the beach in a couple of beach chairs.
“So, how did you become a vampire?  I mean, I assume that Thomas 
– your father – what’s the term?  ‘Turned’ you.”
Daniel had a flashback for every question and occasion.  He was going to beam them into the hospital, but Maggie said, “Could you do one of those 3-D things in front of us?  I like being on the beach, she said as she wriggled her toes in the sand.
Daniel was happy to narrate.
“My mom in this life – or the life I led as a mortal – is Belinda 
Thompson.  Before this day she had me running from doctor to hospital to get inoculated for anything and everything.  We sure could have used that back when you were my mom.”
“Where’s your mom now?” Maggie asked and then quickly raced to answer her own question.
“Don’t tell me!  She’s a vampire!”
Daniel laughed, “Yes, as a matter of fact she is.  But only because she got in a car accident.  It was either save her or watch her die.”
Maggie was impressed, “You two are quite the noble pair of gentlemen, aren’t you?”
Daniel smiled.
Maggie continued, “You can turn this off.  Why don’t you just give me the super-abridged version.”
  “My father injected his own blood into me and when I turned 18, which was last June, he completed the process by bringing me into the family.  There are a lot of other details, and I could feed them into your brain if you want?”
“Maybe another time,” Maggie replied.  “What is it like?”
“Being a vampire?  Well, it has its ups and downs, but I would never want to be a mortal again.”
“And why not?”
“Because – and you’ll appreciate this – I have a never-ending thirst for information, and I’ve seen and learned things that are way beyond the comprehension of a single mind.  It’s like having all the world’s libraries in your head.”
Maggie’s eyebrows raised, “Well that would take the digital age to a whole different level.”
“I feel at peace,” Daniel stated.
“Do you think you can take me…”
And Daniel zoomed Maggie back to the house.
“And we are here at an old, abandoned warehouse…” Maggie stated.
Daniel took the veil off the house and Maggie was floored.
“That’s not an old, abandoned warehouse,” she said in awe.
“Completely solar-powered.  I also threw in a few other technologies that I invented.”
“Did you build this house?” Maggie asked.
“No, this was all dad’s brain-child.  I just added some rooms and a few personal touches.”
Daniel scanned the house and realized that no one was home.
“Would you like to take a tour?  The house is empty right now.”
Maggie agreed and Daniel spent the next 20 minutes showing her around.  He ended the tour in Hartwell’s bedroom, where a current picture of Daniel, Hartwell and Maggie was proudly displayed on the nightstand. “When was this taken?” Maggie inquired.
“He was feeling bad, so I made it up for him.  It’s us on the beach, like it would be if we were all together.”
Maggie looked down at the picture and said, “That’s nice, Daniel.
Daniel had replaced himself in the room with Hartwell, who was walking aimlessly in town.
Maggie looked up and said, “Thomas!”
She jumped in his arms and they hugged like their lives depended on 
it.
“I never want to be apart from you again,” she said in an emotional whisper.
“I can live with that,” he replied.
Daniel was watching the reunion from the next room and started to feel for the first time in his life - or death - that the family was finally coming together.
TWENTY-SEVEN
It is a rare occurrence for a woman having a first baby to deliver on her due date.  With that in mind, it was no surprise that Nicole and Carla’s due dates came and went, and everyone remained on edge.  That was, until an interested party intervened.
It started as a rainy lazy Sunday in late March, but it surely didn’t end that way.  In reality, Nicole was still two days away from giving birth, while 
Carla was fated to make a trip to Beach Haven Hospital the following day.
Carla was going to get her delivery wish on this day, thanks to a vampire with a keen sense of order.  She was taking a shower at 11:00 
a.m. and felt some different kind of water splash on her feet.
“Drew!  My water broke!” she yelled as the first-time father didn’t know what way he was supposed to move first.
Minutes later, an overwhelming feeling of imminent childbirth overcame Nicole.
“Daniel!” she yelled as the pain became severe at first and then quieted down when Daniel came into the room.
“It’s time,” Nicole simply stated.
Daniel saw his smiling son inside of his girlfriend’s stomach, “What are you so happy about?” Daniel voiced internally.
“You two should get married before I come out,” the baby stated.
“You have quite a vocabulary for a fetus.”
“Download speeds are a little slower in here, but I can still get the job done.”
Daniel smiled.
“What are you smiling about when I’m in so much pain?” Nicole exclaimed.
“Take her pain away, Max,” Daniel said as he called the baby by his name.
Nicole felt more comfortable as he loaded her into the car, great grandpa’ to be Garrison driving, Sharon in the passenger seat, and Daniel, Nicole and Maxwell Theodore Thompson in the back seat.
“I think we should get married before you deliver,” Daniel said to an exhausted Nicole.
Gary shot Sharon a look, because they had been having conversations on the subject for the better part of the last trimester.
“I’ll take the whole family to Hawaii – or wherever you want – and we’ll get married on the beach once you recover.  I just think…”
Max said, “We think.”
“Right, we think that it would be a good idea to make it official.”
Sharon asked, “We?”
“Did you say ‘we?’’ Nicole inquired.
“He said ‘we,’" Gary added.
Daniel was reluctant at first to tell everyone his secret, but he had held it long enough - or so he thought.
“Me and Max,” Daniel stated.
“The baby is talking to you?” Nicole asked as her confusion quickly turned into pure love and warmth.
“That is so cute!” she exclaimed.
Sharon looked at Gary, who then viewed Daniel in his rear-view mirror. Daniel smiled and winked back at him.
It was frantic at the Brewster house, while Carla calmly got dressed.
“Do you have her bag?” Emily shouted from the kitchen.
“It’s been in the car for two weeks!” Andrew shouted back from his bedroom.
Carla put her index finger up to her lips to tell him to keep his voice down, and then she pointed to a suitcase in the corner of the room. 
“Must have taken it out when I went fishing last weekend,” a red-faced Drew admitted.
Carla rolled her eyes and said, “I hope this kid looks like you and has my hard drive.”
“Me, too!” Drew replied as he picked up the suitcase and then clasped Carla’s hand as they walked out to the car in the driveway.
“What are you going to do if both of them are yours?” Cal asked Drew as they were fishing on the Beach Haven Pier the previous week.
“You really think that the ‘other one’ is mine?” Drew replied.
“Did you hear what he just said?” Maxwell said to his father, who just happened to be keeping an eye on the bruise brothers.
“Yeah, that was pretty harsh,” Daniel stated.  “I’ve been called a lot of things but “other one” is not one of them.”
“I don’t want him there when I come out.  That’s a special moment for you and mom,” unborn Max maturely stated.
“I can’t imagine what you’re going to be like when you get out of diapers?”
“I can,” Max replied.
Daniel laughed, “I bet you can.”
Meanwhile, back at the pier, Cal answered Drew’s ‘other one’ question.
“Honestly?”
“Yeah, hit me with it,” Drew said.
“I think you messed up and you’re going to pay for it.”
“What if it’s not my kid?” Drew inquired.
“The we’ll shift to Plan B.”
“Plan B?” Drew asked.
“Plan B,” Cal said as he ran his index finger across his throat.
“Oh, Plan B,” Drew repeated in understanding.
Daniel knew what Plan B meant, but he wasn’t sure that dad #2 and his cousin understood what the ramifications would be for such a course of action.  With Drew following Cal’s every move, it was only a matter of time before someone would “swim with the fishes” and stop breathing.
The Brewster family arrived 20 minutes after the Thompson’s and were put in rooms on opposite ends of the long, white hallway.  Drew and Daniel were in the birthing rooms with their significant others, when a justice of the peace walked into room 114 and said, “Let’s get this show on the road.”
“We need two witnesses, “Judge Alexander Brantley said to the expectant couple.
Nurse Lori walked into the room and Daniel said, “Okay, we’re ready. Our second witness is right here,” Daniel said as he gently rubbed Nicole’s swollen stomach, much to the delight of his son.
The two-minute ceremony ended just as Carla started her heavy pushing and was moments away from giving birth.
Justice Brantley shook Daniel’s hand and turned and whispered to him, “I wanted to thank you again for that extremely generous campaign contribution.”
“It’s show time,” Max said as Daniel told the nurse that it was time.
The coordination of the two babies births were the masterpiece of a conductor who had many symphonies ahead in his bright future.
As Kayla Bailey Brewster came into the world, Nicole started her heavy pushing.
“It’s a girl!” the doctor gushed. 
Drew was only thinking of Carla and their daughter and would have no chance to cross over to Nicole – baby Max made sure of that!
“It’s a boy!” Dr. Erin Spalding exclaimed as Max went through the customary steps necessary to be handed off to Nicole.
“Mommy!” Max said internally as Daniel and an exhausted – but elated – Nicole cuddled with their swaddled baby.
While the couples were enjoying their newborns, the families were sitting on opposite side of the waiting room until word came of the additions to their families.
Drew came out first and said, “Carla had a girl!” as he was mobbed with joyful hugs from his family.  After a few minutes, members from the Thompson clan came over to offer their congratulations.  They were represented by Hartwell and Maggie, Belinda and Blake, Sharon and 
Garrison, and Brandon and Victoria.  The Brewster posse included Cal, Thaddeus, Emily and Carla’s crunchy parents, who made the journey from Portland.  
Daniel walked in the waiting room a few minutes later and said, “She had a boy!”
Drew walked over and hugged his cousin, in what would be their last embrace before the DNA test results revealed what Daniel and Max already knew. 
 The process to match DNA samples usually took at least 24 hours in the world of institutionalized medicine, but the process was stepped up in this particular case for obvious reasons.
Daniel and Drew gave samples well in advance, although Daniel altered his gene sequence to match Max’s altered gene sequence.  Of course, their patterns would have been a match if the DNA had not been altered, but it would have revealed a sequence that ‘modern’ science could not have explained. Nobody needed that headache.
TWENTY-EIGHT
A few hours invariably turns into the next day in most hospitals, and Beach Haven Hospital was no exception to that trend.  Daniel could have just sped the process along by himself, but he felt there was a real need to teach his over-exuberant cousin a lesson.
Nicole was sitting in a rocking chair in her room and holding Max. Andrew waited for a quiet moment as Carla dozed off and baby Kayla was in the nursery.  So he decided to stop by Nicole’s room and see the ‘other one.’
Daniel never slept – he only needed to meditate for a short period of time to recharge his self-sustaining battery.  He was hovering in the corner with his legs crossed and his eyes closed as Drew walked into the room.
“Hi, Drew,” an excited Nicole said to Andrew, one of the potential father’s for baby Maxwell.
“Thought I’d come by and meet the little fellow.”
Before Max could voice his displeasure, Daniel said, “Handle your business, Maxwell.”
“Do you want to hold him?” Nicole asked.
“Sure,” Drew said as he sat on the edge of the bed and Nicole handed the baby to him.
Drew thought he and Carla were in the room alone with a baby, as 
Daniel was not visible to the human eye.
“You’re a cute, chubby little guy aren’t you?” Drew said in his usually abrasive tone.
“I have to get this off my chest,” Max said as he proceeded to throw up all of the contents of his last bottle all over Andrew.  Not a drop got on either Max or the bed.
“I think I’ll go get cleaned up,” Drew said.  “I guess we’ll know more tomorrow,” he said awkwardly.
Drew left the room and the large door closed behind him.  Baby Max wanted his daddy, so he floated out of a shocked Nicole’s arms and made his way across the room to Daniel, who was not visible.
Since a baby floating in the air was not a normal sight, Nicole said, 
"Daniel?  Daniel, are you over there?”
Daniel appeared, floating and holding Max – because Max wanted to be physically held.
“No, I haven’t told her yet,” Daniel said to Max.
“Are you talking to that baby again?” a weary Nicole asked, avoiding the obvious question.
  “He talked to me first,” Daniel replied and then Max floated across the room toward his Nicole.
“When did this happen?” she asked about him turning into a vampire.
“Just after graduation,” Daniel said and then provided the images for 
Nicole in a quick, 10-second clip.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because I wanted you to focus on Max,” Daniel stated.
“So, he’s yours,” she said.
Daniel gave Nicole the ability to hear Max.  He then gestured toward a smiling Max who said, “I can’t believe you were with that guy.” Nicole gasped and put her hand over her mouth in disbelief.
“It was his fault!” Nicole said pointing at Daniel.
They all burst out into laughter – even Max, who was gurgling.
“Wow!  Wait ‘till my mother finds out!”
Daniel had a sheepish look on his face.
“No. She knows about me, not that Max is the most special little boy two married people could ever want.”
Nicole looked down at the silver wedding band on her left hand and exclaimed, “That’s right!  We’re married!”
“I think I promised you a Hawaiian beach wedding,” Daniel said.
“Isn’t that a long flight?” Max interjected.
Nicole and Daniel looked at each other and then turned their attention to Max.
“This one’s gonna’ be a handful,” a smiling Nicole stated.
“And a diaper-full,” Max said as he filled his diaper on cue.
“I bet he can change his own diaper,” Daniel slyly said as he placed 
Max in the bassinette in the dark corner of the room.
“Guys.  Guys?” Max said.  “I can’t do that yet.  Really!”
Max actually got his diaper changed – eventually – and had a little diaper rash to teach him a lesson about knowing his place in the family order.
Dr. Brian Masterson gathered the four new parents into his office to reveal the DNA test results.  The drama was all on the Brewster side of the ledger, as Daniel and Nicole had already bonded with Max.
Carla looked down at the rings on the fingers of the people on the other side of the office, and nudged Drew.
“You guys got married?” Drew asked.
Daniel replied, “Yeah, just before she gave birth.”
The meeting was already started off on an embarrassing note for Drew.  His girlfriend immediately wondered why he couldn’t have thought of such a romantic gesture. Little did she know that it wasn’t Daniel’s idea, but a suggestion from a child still in the womb.  
It could have been a horrible TV daytime talk-show moment, but Daniel was going to make sure that any reaction from his counterparts was subdued.
“Well, we’ve processed all of the DNA samples and we can say with full confidence that Daniel Thompson is Maxwell’s father.”
Daniel and Nicole barely reacted – they gently bumped fists – although Drew and Carla saw then hugging and kissing, thanks to mind control.
Carla breathed a huge sigh of relief and smiled – really smiled – like an unprepared student being told that her final exam was postponed.
However, Drew’s reaction was the most interesting because he didn’t know what to do.
“Wow,” was all he said at first, as he and Carla walked back to her room.
Daniel wheeled Nicole back to her room and she said, “Never had a doubt.”
“After last night,” Daniel replied as they both chuckled.
Meanwhile, Carla was trying to draw out Drew’s elusive feelings.
“Aren’t you happy?”
“Yeah, of course I’m happy.”
“You don’t sound happy.  You sound like you always sound.  You’re so competitive,” Carla said.
“I don’t like to lose.”
Carla clarified, “But, in this situation, we actually won.  Now we get to have a life together, and you can put all of that Nicole stuff in the past.”
All Drew could muster was an unconvincing, “Yeah,” leaving Carla to believe that her man had some unfinished business he needed to attend to.
TWENTY-NINE
Agent Blake Wallace of the FBI’s Aquatic and Other Mammals 
Division paid a visit to Hartwell’s residence the day after Dr. Masterson officially broke the news to the couples.  This was also the morning that Nicole was released from the hospital.
He spent the better part of an hour visiting with his daughter, who decided that living at Hartwell’s would be the best way to go for her, her son, and her husband.  She made the decision upon arriving at the house that day.  It was the first time she was allowed to see the house since Daniel had cloaked its beauty to most people.  Again, it was Daniel attempting to reduce Nicole’s stress levels.
He then sat in the main room with Hartwell, Daniel and Max, who was receiving a bottle from Grandpa’ Hartwell.
“I hear you both got married,” Blake said as he sat down across from Hartwell and a floating Daniel.  Nicole was now sleeping, Brandon Justice was at school, and Maggie went out with Belinda to the supermarket.
“Yes,” Hartwell replied.  “Once Justice Brantley finished with Daniel and Nicole he met Maggie and me on the pier and married us, too.  We’re all planning on going to…”
Max interjected, “An island close by.”
“Yes, Max.  An island close by.”
Blake asked for the volume to be turned up on Max.
“Oh, I’m sorry.  Max, this is your Grandpa' Blake,” Daniel said.
“So, you’re my mommy’s father that she didn’t know. Hello,” a preoccupied and youthful Max said.
“It’s good to meet you, Maxwell!” Blake said internally, as everyone was now on the same internal frequency.
“I came over here to see Nicole and Max, of course, but I also wanted to talk to you two. Excuse me, three,” he nodded and smiled at Max.
He continued, “It has come to my attention that your old friends might be up to some of their old tricks.”
“Does he mean, Andrew?  I told you I didn’t like that guy!” Max grunted.
“Maxwell,” Hartwell said in a stern but soft tone, “we’re talking business here.  There will be plenty of time to make disparaging comments when we’re done.”
“Okay, grandpa’,” Max replied.
Daniel knew he could trust Blake, first and foremost because he was Nicole’s father.  Secondly, and probably more important, he had a long history of disliking the Brewster clan.  However, Blake never really completely trusted Hartwell when he was a vampire.
Hartwell had to ask a question, but Daniel nipped his aggressive posturing in the bud.
“He’s with us, dad.  He wouldn’t be sitting here trying to warn us if he didn’t care.  Let's see what he has and hopefully it will match what I’ve heard.”
Blake went on to recount details of conversations between Cal and 
Drew that Daniel had previously informed Hartwell about.  He then kissed Max on his way out and hugged Daniel before saying to Hartwell, “Nice place you have here.”
“Thank you, Agent Wallace.  Glad to see that you’re with us,” Hartwell stated, unable to resist the ‘sides’ comment.
“I’m on his side,” Blake said pointing to Daniel.  “And I’m willing to look past all of those weekends you made me believe that I should be wearing women’s underwear,” Blake said referring to Hartwell’s days as a sarcastic vampire and making a pain-in-the-butt special agent believe he should wear women’s underwear on Sunday’s.
Blake then rolled down the front of his jeans to reveal a pair of light blue cotton panties.
“I wore these special for you today,” he said to Hartwell.
There was an awkward moment of silence followed by uproarious laughter, which Daniel muted to protect his resting wife.
Hartwell opened his arms and exclaimed, “Welcome to the family, Mr. 
Lifeguard!” as they shook hands and then hugged.  
Things were not so copacetic on the other side of town, as Cal had been on fire since he learned that Drew was the father of only one child.
“I’m telling you, Drew, it’s the only way to make this right!” Cal yelled toward Andrew in the backyard.
Emily and Thaddeus were at their usual perch behind the kitchen’s bay window.
“That can’t be good,” Emily stated.
“There’s no stopping him once he gets something in his head,” Thad added.
Drew was so confused by the events of the past six months that he barely had enough brain left to make simple decisions, let alone potentially life-altering ones.  Add layers of devotion and loyalty to Cal, and you have a recipe for an act immersed in a deep pool of revenge.
“If you say so, boss,” Drew replied to Cal.
“That boy no longer has his own brain,” Grandpa’ Thaddeus observed. 
“I can identify with that,” Emily said, referring to her day’s ‘running’ alongside Cal.  “He can be very persuasive.”
Cal’s plan called for a comprehensive bilateral action to occur at high noon – 12:00 p.m. – the following day.  A middle of the week, middle of the day strike seemed to be a stark contrast to a course of action that was anything but middle-of-the-road.
But the Brewster family wasn’t the only ones with a plan for the day.
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?” Daniel asked Hartwell.
“No,” Hartwell honestly replied, “but I can’t let her go that quickly again,” referring to losing Maggie prematurely the first time around.
“I can have you in and out in a matter of seconds,” Daniel stated.
“Do you mean out and in?” Hartwell joked.
“Out and in it is,” Daniel said as he and Hartwell hugged.  “See you on the other side.”
Although Daniel could affect things without touching them, the birth of his son and his need for physical contact taught Daniel a valuable lesson: there was no substitute for touch.
Amidst a virtual world where everything seemed disconnected, Daniel decided to reconnect himself to the world; to unplug a little bit from his virtual existence.
Drew invited Daniel to go shoot some hoops at Beach Haven Park, while Hartwell was meeting Sharon and Gary – his former protectors – across town for lunch.  Of course, virtual Daniel would be playing with his cousin while the real deal was watching over his father.
Carla picked up the phone to call Brandon Justice after talking to 
Drew the previous night.
“Carla!  Congratulations!” Brandon gushed as he answered the phone after seeing her name and picture flash across the screen of his phone.
Carla wanted Brandon to meet her at Beach Haven Park so he could meet Kayla and they could ‘stroll’ together.  She was looking for an excuse to get out, on what was supposed to be the first nice spring day of the new year.
“Why don’t you meet that kid and then I’ll catch up with you after I shoot some hoops with Daniel,” Drew said.
“Do you think it’s a good idea to get together with him so soon?” 
Carla asked.
Drew was resolute in his conviction, “Yeah,” was all he said.
The previous night, Daniel streaked over to Nicole’s house and scooped up Garrison.  Garrison was Hartwell’s oldest and most trusted ally – besides his immediate family.
“So, you are a vampire,” Gary said.  He turned to Hartwell, “A really fast one at that.”
Hartwell and Daniel spoke to Gary for about 35 minutes about what was about to go down the following day.
“I hope what you’re saying isn’t true,” Gary said, thinking with his heart instead of his head.
“Me, too, “Hartwell replied as they embraced and Daniel returned 
Gary to his house after they ironed out a few plans post-noon.
“Take care of my little girl, Gary said to Daniel referring to Nicole.
“Always,” Daniel replied and then was gone in a flash.
THIRTY
Everyone played a part in the drama that was unfolding on, not surprisingly, April Fool’s Day.  Mortals had become vampires and all of the other players had gone from extra-special to Anytown U.S.A., strip-center dwellers.
“I don’t have half of the energy I used to have,” Emily Brewster said as she dragged her tired bones into the kitchen to start another day of directionless activity.
“You don’t know the half of it,” Great Grandpa’ Thaddeus replied.  “I joined A.A.R.P. last week.  It’s official, Em.  I’m one step closer to the grave.”
Just as the mood in the kitchen was scraping the floor, Cal walked in and was the sun to everyone’s cloud.
“Top of the morning to you all!” Cal said in his best Irish brogue.
“Who invited Seamus over this morning?” Thad joked.
“Seamus!  Good to see you again, lad!” Andrew exclaimed as he joyously walked into the kitchen behind Cal and they greeted each other with a hug.
Carla looked at Emily and Thaddeus and shook her head and smiled. She walked past the two happy fools and placed baby Kayla in her new seat around the breakfast table.
“So, what are you guys up to today?” Emily asked after they all sat down and strapped on feed bags.
“Well,” Cal started by taking his normal lead position.  “I have to go into town to the hardware store and get some stuff to repair the shed in the backyard.”
“I’m meeting Daniel in the park to play some basketball and then I’ll meet up with Carla,” Drew stated almost on cue.
Everyone looked at Carla – even Kayla who was sitting next to her. “Taking Kayla for a stroll and meeting Branson,” she said as the full disclosure session ended.
After breakfast the room cleared except for Thaddeus and Emily.
“You’re better in the woods.  Why don’t you take the park and I’ll follow Cal into town,” Emily detailed.
“Yes.  You’ve always been better at anticipating what’s going on in your brother’s wacky mind, anyway,” Thad replied.
There were no secrets on this day, only a keen awareness that today would be like yesterday, but nothing like tomorrow.
“I think I’m going to take Max on a walk through the park today,” 
Nicole said as the bright morning sunshine awoke her senses.
Daniel thought fast, “I hear they’re spraying the trees at noon.  You might want to stroll through town instead.”
Hartwell turned slowly and couldn’t believe that Daniel had just directed his wife from a quiet park into harm’s way in town.
“Something isn’t right,” Daniel said to Hartwell and Max internally.  “I would never choose danger over safety but that’s what my gut told me to do.”
“Keep your eyes open little one,” Hartwell said to Max.  “You might get your first action.”
Gary looked at Sharon and wondered what his brave daughter had become.  Not that every decision Garrison Phillips made in his life was perfect, but he never lost focus on protecting Hartwell, on making sure that his leader was taken care of – even now.
“You ready?” Gary asked Sharon.
“Yeah,” she said with a slight hint of trepidation.
“You sure you want to do this?” Gary made one last attempt to save his daughter.
But Sharon was too far gone to turn back.  Any thoughts of life without Cal receded in her mind months earlier.
“No, I’m good,” she said, blankly looking him in the eyes.  “Let’s do this.”
The house had turned cold in the days since Nicole left for much greener pastures.  She was the bridge between Sharon and Gary, and her pregnancy galvanized the trio.  Now that Nicole was living with Daniel at Hartwell’s, any remaining ties between father and daughter had been unraveled, and Sharon was about to make a life-altering choice.
Agent Blake stayed over the night to be with Belinda, but he was placed on high alert when he woke up that Wednesday morning.  Daniel had become so focused on Hartwell that it became noticeable to Blake, who wondered what other twists Cal Brewster had planned into the day.
Since Blake knew what the primary plan included, he decided to track a potential secondary plot in the likely event that there was one. “I’m going to take a walk in the park during lunch today,
 Brandon said to his girlfriend Valerie.
“That sounds like a plan,” she replied.
“I’m meeting Carla and her daughter,” he added.
“I’m out,” she abruptly replied.
“That’s what I figured,” Brandon said, as his woman had a genuine dislike for Carla because jealousy precluded her from opening up.
They kissed and Brandon walked down the hall to his next class. 
Valerie would be damned if she were going to let Brandon out of her sight. She had waited too long for this day and was not going to let the opportunity pass her by.  
Brandon’s lunch break was from 11:45 to 12:30 – he was on the right path walking to the West parking lot, where he was supposed to meet Carla and Kayla at 11:55.
Andrew Brewster was also en-route to the basketball courts for his noon hook-up with virtual Daniel.  It appeared that Drew’s vanity never tired of beating virtual Daniel, but his mind definitely was not on the game on this day.  It was the pre-game festivities that he had his mind wrapped around.
Trailing the play was Agent Blake Wallace, who had spent a great deal of the past decade keeping his eyes on Andrew Brewster and his family.  Blake knew something life-changing was in the works and felt that, given the opportunity, he would revel in the chance to get off the bench and enter the game.    
Belinda Thompson probably could have come in handy, as a two-vampire counter-offensive definitely would have proved more effective. 
Daniel didn’t want to bother his mother because she was having too much fun playing with her new best friend Maggie Hartwell.  Daniel’s two mothers quickly bonded together like a drop of Crazy Glue pinched between thumb and index finger.  Belinda was still tuned into Daniel’s frequency if she was really needed, though. 
In town, Sharon nervously paced outside of the Beach Haven Grill as her father stopped by the drugstore to pick up some arthritis-strength pain 
pills.
“There’s literally 20 different boxes to choose from,” a frustrated 
Garrison mumbled to himself in the middle of isle number two.
Sharon was nearly blinded by a shiny object flickering off the sun’s reflection and covered her eyes from the glare.  She walked toward the brightness into an adjacent alley and was about to fulfill her part in the well-choreographed melodrama.
Holding that shiny object was Cal Brewster, the veritable emcee for the day’s events.  Lurking in the shadows and trailing her twin was Emily Brewster, who proved to be something of a mercenary for a change on this day.  Her father, Thaddeus, was performing a similar function with Andrew in the park, but all of his teaching appeared to be working against him.
Andrew had learned a great deal over the years about hunting from 
Grandpa’ Thaddeus and Mother Emily, and subsequently went to the Cal Brewster Graduate School of Hunting to get his advanced degree.  Drew always had the heart of a killer, but now he had both the skill set and knowledge base that would take him to the next level.
Sixty-five-degree days in New York in April tend to awaken the spirit and subsequently lower inhibitions – especially in the outdoors.  This relaxed attitude held true for Brandon Justice, who spent 18 years as a vampire with a keen sense of awareness.
However, Justice was now a teenager in love at the height of his high school existence.  What a radical difference between his before and after life profiles.  Before Hartwell turned the forlorn teen, he was visually challenged, chided and abused by his parents and peers, and generally a sweaty mess.  The post-vampirical Justice could see clearly without the aid of spectacles, lived in a tremendously supportive home environment and was surrounded by inspiring people, was vice president of his senior class, and didn’t sweat nearly as much.  The president of his senior class was his girlfriend Valerie Winters.
Brandon was happy and was about to decide on a college between 
Princeton, Cal Berkeley and Stanford, the last two universities located in California.  He was leaning toward Stanford, but the lure of staying closer to his family in Princeton, New Jersey, was starting to gain some traction.
The baby-faced teen didn’t have a care in the world as his feet took turns kissing the sun-drenched pavement on his way to the West parking lot.  Most of his route from Beach Haven High School to the lot was in open space, except for a quarter mile stretch where he would be obscured by a heavily wooded path only a few steps away from his destination.
Blake Wallace was trailing Thaddeus, who was obviously keeping an eye on Andrew.  Hunters were expert trackers but they weren’t so proficient at picking up what was in the rear-view mirror.  The same could be said for Andrew, who was so focused on his target that he had absolutely no idea that there were a trail of people tracking his every move.
        
THIRTY-ONE
Drew knew that if Brandon Justice saw him coming he would run away like an arachnophobe reacting to a nearby spider.  A little Justice bug humor, if you will.  
So he hid in the bushes and planned to reveal himself only when Brandon had no chance of escape.  Justice came whistling by and Andrew jumped him and gagged his mouth, so no one within earshot would hear him struggle.
Carla pulled into the parking lot and it took her a few minutes to extract her daughter from the car seat and then set her up in her brand-new stroller.  Kayla looked cute in her pink and yellow-flowered sun dress and matching hat, and she squinted from the brightness of the sun as Carla opened the passenger door.
Drew spun Brandon around because he wanted the ex-vampire to see who was behind his predicament.  Andrew loved Carla and felt her pain for all of the years that Justice tortured her and made her shutter at the very sight of him.
“You made her life a living hell,” Andrew simply stated.
Justice struggled to speak until Drew removed the handkerchief from his mouth.
“But we’re friends now.  She has forgiven me,” Brandon replied, trying to reason with a maniac.
Thaddeus lost sight of Drew and then darted behind a nearby bank of trees, where he had an obstructed view of Drew and Brandon.
“Again with that kid?” Thad muttered.
Agent Blake removed a two-inch tube from his pocket and then extended the device slightly before placing it in front of his left eye. He zoomed in on Thaddeus hiding behind the trees and then followed his sight line until he had a clear view of Drew and Brandon.
Drew replied to Brandon’s plea by saying, “But I haven’t,” referring to the fact that he hadn’t forgiven Justice for his abusive behavior.
He removed an object from his pocket and palmed it so Justice couldn’t see what he was doing.  Drew then thrust the blade upward, just as Cal had showed him, so Brandon’s life expectancy would be completely compromised.
Drew pushed Brandon in a row of bushes just behind him and then dropped the knife.  Justice fell back into the prickly brush and was then only moments away from taking his last breath as a mortal.
Thaddeus used whatever speed he had left and rushed over to the scene to try to clean up Drew’s mess. 
“We have to get out of here!” Thad grunted as he picked up the knife and smacked Drew in the back of the head.
“Dumb ass,” he said as he grabbed Drew under his arm and quickly escorted him away from Justice’s body.
Carla had just place Kayla in the stroller and thought she saw Drew running across the field.  She was about to call his name but knew he wouldn't stop if it was really him.
Agent Blake tried to remain professionally detached, but this one obviously took on a more personal meaning.
“Daniel, we have a problem here,” Blake said without raising his voice.
“What’s up, Mr. Wallace?” Daniel replied.
“Drew just stabbed Brandon in the park,” Blake said.
Daniel knew that Cal and Drew would both be in play, and feared that 
Brandon would be the victim.  But he had to choose between Justice and Hartwell, because he was fast but not fast enough to be in two places at once.  His decision was any easy one.
“I’m tied up here so I’ll send my mother over there,” Daniel said as he watched Hartwell take the bait and follow Sharon into the alley, where Cal held a knife to her neck.
“Brandon’s in trouble in the park, mom!” Daniel said with some urgency.
Belinda had been Brandon’s surrogate mother since he came to live with Hartwell.  She was shopping with Maggie and said, “Excuse me for a second.”
Belinda located Brandon’s fading heartbeat somewhere in between Main Street and the secluded path in the park.  But she wasn’t the only interested party en route to Justice’s aid.
Two forces heading toward one object – their arrival separated by a mile-second.  Belinda swooped in and sniffed the air when she realized that Brandon was gone.  She swiped the ground and then tasted Brandon’s blood, which was spilled all over the ground.
She sensed Blake close by and went to him.
“What happened?” she asked her new beau.
Blake still had the scope near his eye and then put it away.
“Drew stabbed Brandon.”
“Where did they go?” an excited Belinda asked.
Thaddeus shuffled Drew off and I have no idea what happened to Justice.  I tried to slow the action down but whoever came before you was way too fast.  I only saw you after you finally slowed down.
“This can’t be good,” an upset Belinda stated.
“Daniel must be busy with Hartwell,” he said.
“Why do you say that?”
“Because I just contacted him and then he sent you instead of coming himself,” Blake explained.
They looked at each other and said, “Hartwell.” “Hold on,” Belinda said to Blake.
While Blake and Belinda were trying to hash out what just went down, 
Hartwell stepped toward his arch nemesis Cal.
“Cut the crap, Calvin!  It’s me you want, not her,” Hartwell said trying to get one last mortal shot at Cal.
Cal kissed Sharon on the cheek and then aggressively tossed her aside.  He hated when Hartwell called him by his given name ‘Calvin.’
Hartwell looked over at Sharon, “You probably should have thought about this a little more.”
“Don’t talk to her!” Cal yelled as he rushed at Hartwell and slashed him in the left arm with his blade.
Hartwell took off his long coat and then rolled up the sleeves of his light blue dress shirt.  Even when the man was relaxing, he still dressed with purpose.
“You gonna’ let him do that to you?” Daniel yelled in Hartwell’s ear.
“Aren’t I supposed to lose?” Hartwell replied to Daniel.
“Not like this,” Daniel said.
Hartwell wiped the blood of his forearm and then licked it off his finger.
“I’m getting a taste for blood again,” he said to Cal as he connected with a series of left jabs and then delivered a thunderous right cross to 
Cal’s chin, sending him back toward the ground.
Hartwell thought, “All night long.”
He beat Cal down for the better part of three minutes until Daniel came through with a news flash.
“You have to rap this up.  We’re running out of time,” Daniel stated.
Hartwell connected on a left hook and then would have usually followed with a left cross, but he purposely got sloppy and tried to land a right haymaker to finish Cal off.
Cal saw the big looping punch from a mile away, ducking out of the way and then countering with a forceful knife strike that pierced Thomas Hartwell’s heart.  Although Cal didn’t have to strike Hartwell in that location in order to kill him, it appeared that his knife was also an object of habit.
Hartwell fell to the ground with the knife still sticking out of his chest.
Emily Brewster ran into the alley and pulled the knife from Hartwell’s chest causing him much additional pain.
“We have to go,” she said as she grabbed her stunned brother’s arm and looked back at Sharon.
As the three of them raced off, Hartwell said to Sharon, “It’s not too late.”
Hartwell’s breathing became shallower and he had only a few moments remaining in this life.  Once again, two bodies swooped in toward 
Hartwell and Belinda once again came up empty.
“I have to hit the gym!” she exclaimed. I’m a step too slow today.”
She let go of Blake and bent down to the ground to taste the blood samples left on the pavement.
“Hartwell and hunter,” she said.
“Must have been Cal Brewster,” Blake said.  “Man, I would love to get a shot at that guy.”
Belinda senses were tingling from all of the activity that was about to occur.
“Somehow I get the feeling that you’re going to get your wish.”     
         
   
