Blood Feud
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2014 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


* * * * * *



WARNING

This book contains sexual content.


* * * * * *



Acknowledgements

I'd like to thank Dallas Wiens and Bradley Renshaw for helping me with this book. How do I keep up with all your awesome ideas? Even though you guys come up with 1000 ways to kill Tristan with the rest of our little circle, I still love you. Oh, and for the record, I didn't say that, ok? As always, I hope you enjoy reading this book as much as I enjoyed writing it.


* * * * * *



Prologue

Evelyn was the first to break away from the clutch of her beast. So it was her that had and still has the best self-control out of all of us. It went like this, first, it was Evelyn, and then it was Taylor, Casiar, Avery, Cailin, Rebecka, Riordan, Allia, Elijah, and then me, Tristan. I was the last to break away from the claws of my beast. Today, I still have the hardest time, keeping my inner beast leashed. Every second, of every minute, of every hour, of every day, it was a battle, a constant battle I sometime wonder, if I would lose it completely. Yes, my siblings and I set all the rules all vampire must follow, but I knew, one day, I was going to break one of those rules we've laid down. For all it's worth, I pray to whoever is watching from above, that I wouldn't go down that road. I never wanted to go down that path again. Every time I close my eyes, my mind wanders back to that fateful long nights where I fought for control, and losing. It was Evelyn; Evelyn was my strength and still is today. You see, our blood was like a directional compass. When I found her, so many centuries ago, I knew that I wanted no harm to come to her, so I took her with me, though she fought me like the starving rogues we were then. She calmed a bit when I told her who I was, and she wanted to find the rest of our blood siblings. So that's what we did, Evelyn, Elijah, Riordan, Allia, and I. We traveled all over Scandinavia, rounding them up, explaining who we were. It wasn't hard. To my surprise, they were looking for us as well. Together, we pillage villages, draining them completely of blood. This went on for centuries, and today, I wondered if things would have been different, if Ulrika and Soren had guide us, taught us, cared for us, loved us. Would it have made a difference? After five thousand years, I still wondered, knowing very well, that I wouldn't find the answer. For centuries, I also kept up with my human life, the life that was taken away from me four thousand nine hundred and eighty years ago. From a distance, I watched them grow up, graduate, date, married, have children, and die, whether it was from sickness, or natural death. And every time, it hurt, knowing I would live forever, while they, one by one, die on me. Though I wanted so badly to cure them of every ailment, I held myself back. I never showed myself to them, not even today. What would they think? What would they say? In their minds, vampires didn't exist. Vampires were only in books and movies. Vampires were a figment of your imagination, after all. And though they don't know I exist, from the shadows, I watched them, I protect them, and I kill for them. And yes, you're probably thinking I should let go of my human life, but I can't, no matter how hard I tried. And for the record, I protect what is mine, be it vampire or human. Touch them, and you die. It is as simple as, you fuck with them, and you'll have to deal with me. Don't like it? Then don't fuck around, with what is mine.


* * * * * *



Chapter One

BRIDGET

"Vendostrum!"
"What?" I shouted.
"I want you down here now!"
"I'm coming!" I shouted again and grabbed hold of the zip line. I pushed off the roof I was on and hoped the line wouldn't break as I zipped through empty air. I let go of the breath I was holding as I made it safely to the other roof. I let go of the line and crossed the roof to the fire escape and clattered noisily down it. I stomped over to Vincent and glared at him. "What is it now?"
"You're fired," Vincent said dryly.
"Excuse me?"
"Okay, you're not, but I want you on security."
"Oh," I said. "And here I was hoping to have a reason to strangle you."
"Bridget? Violent?"
I smirked. "You have no idea."
"Can you take security?"
"Of course," I said and turned. "And next time, call me Bridget. Nobody ever calls me by my last name."
He snorted. "Well, they should start. That's an awesome sounding last name."
"I'll get on that, Peterson."
"Get out, Vendostrum. Get your pretty ass in gear."
"I have to start now?"
"What? You expect to start next week?" he asked as I walked away from him.
"I expected to start tomorrow night!" I yelled at him.
"Nope, not happening, blondie!"
"I'm blondie, now? Make up your mind, Peterson!"
"Vendostrum it is!"
"Fuck you!" I shot back at him before getting into my car. I started it up and yawned. Pulling out, I turned and drove down Irving Avenue.
Fifteen minutes later, I pulled up my driveway and parked. I got out and walked the short distance to my front door. I quickly open it and entered, slamming the door shut and locking it. I dropped my keys on the small table by the door and headed for the bedroom, wondering if I'd get any sleep at all this week. I glanced at the alarm clock on my nightstand and groaned, seven in the fucking evening. I was going to drop dead before the night was through. Sighing, I yanked open my closet and pulled my uniform out, a black-on-black ensemble and quickly dressed. Pulling open the bottom drawer of my nightstand, I took out my sidearm and putting on my weapon belt, I holstered it. I grabbed up my earpiece and stepped from my room, heading for the front door. Earpiece in place, and a tiny microphone clipped on the collar of my shirt; I pressed a button and did a callout. "Bridget, calling in," I said as I got back into my car.
"Got it," Doris said into my earpiece.
"Where am I supposed to meet you?"
"A club called The Night Life."
"On Hopkins Lane?" I asked and pulled out of my driveway.
"Yep."
"What are we exactly doing? Just uh? guard the doors or something?" I asked five minutes later.
"Extraction of a suspect."
I almost swerved off the road. "Vincent said security, not going in and taking down a suspect black-ops style."
"Well, that fucker lied."
"We're just not going to storm in there, are we? I heard creatures of the night frequent that club."
Doris snorted. "What creatures of the night? Demons? Werewolves?"
I shrugged, though she couldn't see it. "Ever since I moved to Cali with my family sixteen years ago from Maryland, I've been hearing things."
"Such as?"
"Such as this state is vampire central."
"Do you believe it?"
I pulled to a stop in the parking lot and again shrugged. "I'm the type of person who believes what she sees. And I bet you fifty dollars that you'll be the first to freak out if the rumors are true."
"You are so on," Doris said, as I opened my door.
"Tell me where you are at, I'm here."
"I'm at the back entrance of the bar section of the club." I stepped from my car and slammed the door shut. I looked around and saw no one out and about, though there were a lot of cars besides mine. "Hurry your ass up," she said thirty seconds later. I blew out a breath and went around the club. This place gives me the creeps, I silently muttered, spotting my partner, Doris Callahan up ahead. "Officer Vendostrum," she called to me. "You took your time." I gave her my best icy glare as I walked up to her.
"Officer Callahan," I said politely. "Sorry for my late? arrival."
She leaned into me, and I bent so she could whisper in my ear. "You're such a rookie."
"Do we really have to be on formal terms?" I whispered back to her.
She straightened. "Nah, our boss is gone."
"Awesome, shorty," I said and straightened.
She glared up at me. "If you call me that one more time, I'm going to pistol whip you." Doris was five-foot-three compare to my height of six-foot-five stature, and we sometimes pick on each other about it. I smirked and nodded to the door.
"Are we going in?" She nodded. "I thought we're going in the club way?" Doris shrugged. "Fine, lead the way."
Doris turned and pulled open the door and entered with me following behind her. Slipping my hand into my pocket, I pulled out my badge, and holy fucking pus bucket, my skin crawled. Yep, I hate this place, I silently grumbled. The bartender came out from behind the bar and headed straight for us. "Don't tell me you forgot your badge again, Doris mouthed. I shook my head and flashed it at her.
"Can I help you wonderful officers with something?" the bartender asked, stopping in front of us.
We both flashed our badges at him. "We're here to apprehend a suspect," Doris said in her professional tone. "Your name is?"
"Cane, I'm the bartender here." She nodded as my eyes scanned the bar. This bar was too quiet, and it was giving me the heebie-jeebies. For one, a very pale, extremely pale guy was staring at me, unblinking. The redhead, sitting beside him was frowning at him and glancing at me. "Do you have a picture of the suspect? Maybe, I've seen him around."
"No need," I said, my eyes on the door, as it opened.
"Freeze!" Doris and I shouted in unison. He didn't, he pulled out a gun and fired. I knocked Doris to the floor, pulling out my own gun. I aimed it at the brown-haired, brown-eyed suspect and shot him in the gut. He screamed and dropped his gun to the floor. I rushed him, tackling him.
"Jose Hernandez?" I asked and cuffed him.
"You bitch!" he screamed at me in accented English.
"That would be me," I said and got off of him.
"You Nordic cunt!"
"Ow," I said dryly. "It's so nice that you recognize me." I kicked him over onto his back and got a good look at his wound. "Where are your three friends?" I asked as Cane and Doris came over to us. Doris bent and pressed a towel to his stomach. Huh, I must've been so focused on the suspect not to hear the conversation Doris had with him. Must work on that, I thought.
"I'm not telling you shit," he wheezed. I tuned into Doris and Cane and frowned.
"Why can't I call for the ambulance?" Doris asked the bartender.
"Because they're vampires, chickas," Jose gasped and smirked.
"And uh, you came here, because?" I asked. "And, who is they?"
"I came here to kill them."
I raised an eyebrow at him. "What did they ever do to you?" I asked, interested.
"Nothing."
"You are going to kill them, because they did nothing?"
"They're going to drink you dry without even thinking, and don't act like you believe me."
I shrugged. "It's called open-minded, sweetness." His eyes glinted, and I scowled at him.
"He's fading," Doris said to me. "Vincent is on his way. He can drive him to the hospital." I looked up at Cane and held back a shiver as I got a good look at his black eyes, and it didn't look like he was wearing contacts. Damn, I muttered. A hand landed on my shoulder, and I reacted instinctively. It was the redhead. Her hand flashed and clamped down on my arm, preventing me from drawing my gun.
"Easy there officer," she said, smiling. "Easy."
"Who are you?" I asked.
"I'm Ari, I won't hurt you. Don't draw your weapon. Please forgive me, I didn't mean to startle you." I nodded, and she let go of me. "I was going to tell you that his three friends are right outside the door." I just stared at her, stared into her bright red eyes, which darkened as I watched, mesmerized. "Officer?" I blinked and jerked my eyes from her.
"Holy shit," Doris breathed. The entrance door opened, and Vincent and a paramedic walked in, directly over to us. The paramedic took over Doris's place, and she came to stand over me.
"Vendostrum," Vincent drawled. "You weren't supposed to shoot anyone."
"Well, excuse me if I shot someone in self-defense," I snapped, irritated by the mere presence of him. "What was I supposed to do? Spit at him?" The paramedic lifted Jose onto a stretcher and out the door.
"You were given orders."
"I was?" I asked. "Since when?" I slowly got to my feet and holstered my gun.
"Since I told you to be on security duty," he snapped.
"You told her to be on security duty?" Doris asked, looking paler than usual. She waved over herself, and then she waved at me. "Look at us, I'm in my SDPD uniform, and she is in black-ops, and you put her with me? Are you high? Because if you are, I'm going to have to report you to the chief."
"Angel Dust," I muttered under my breath. Doris's head snapped to me so fast her neck cracked.
"What did you say?"
"I said, didn't that hurt?" On my other side, Ari coughed. Damn, she heard that? I silently muttered.
"No, it felt good," she said, confused but for the moment, playing along.
"She was supposed to look after you," said Vincent.
"And that went very well," I said dryly. "As you can see, I did my job. Callahan is not lying in a pool of her own blood. Matter of fact, she didn't even faint." I winced as Doris elbowed me in my side, hard. Rubbing the sore spot, I glared down at her. "And don't ignore her question, are you high? Or drunk? Or-holy fuck!" I yelled, as the extremely pale guy moved in a blur. He grunted, and my ears rang at the sound of a gun being fired. Ari yanked me to the floor, and I pulled Doris down with me.
"Damn Peterson, I knew you were fucked in the head from the beginning!" I shouted. I gasped, and Doris finally fainted as the uh, nameless guy bared his two sets of fangs. I gulped and mentally shoved the fainting spell that wanted to come over me like a rushing wave of angry, dark churning water. "Did I say holy fuck?" I yelled.
"You did," Ari said from above me. "You may want to close your eyes for the next part."
"Oh, no, I am keeping them open," I said rapidly, my Swedish accent becoming more pronounced. I hit Doris on the head. "Wake the fuck up and give me that fifty bucks now." She came awake with a muffled scream, because my hand was clamped over her mouth.
"You're fired, Vendostrum!" Vincent shouted.
"Am I?" I shouted back at him. "Who the fuck are you to fucking fire me?" Doris finally fell silent, and I slowly took my hand from her mouth. Vincent's gun finally clicked empty, and he threw it at my direction. Ari's hand moved in the blink of an eye and caught it. The creepy guy, er, nameless, stepped aside. Doris couldn't take her eyes off him as he turned to face us, covered in bullet wounds. "Well?" I said to Vincent. Ari cleared her throat, and I looked at her.
"I'm sorry, but he can't talk." Doris moaned and again, fainted. I pinched myself and yelped at the pain. This was not a dream, then. "It's not a dream," Ari said slowly. Okay, you know what? That is just fucking creepy, and uh, intrusive, I silently grumbled. "My apologies." Damn it son of a mother holier than thou shit, I have gone insane. Ari's lips twitched, and I narrowed my eyes at her. She put up a hand. "All right all right, I'm out of your head, I promise." I grunted and looked at the nameless guy. He looked like he was in tremendous pain. Was it pain from the multiple bullet wounds? Or the pain of holding back from uh, eating someone? "Both," Ari answered helpfully. Hey! "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I can't help it when you're projecting as you are." I sighed and pushed into a sitting position. I seriously need a drink, I thought and looked around the bar, this time, taking a closer look at everything.
"Don't punch me," Cane said from behind me. I looked at him, as he placed a cold drink in my hand.
"Oh, no," Ari said, moving away from me.
"We're all vampires here," Cane said and smirked. "And I assure you, this is not blood, I promise." I raised an eyebrow at him and took the ice-cold drink. He held his hand to Doris. "May I? I only wish to take you both to a table. This will be a very long night." I sighed and nodded. He took Doris from my lap, my eyes on him as I got up to follow. Cane put my partner into a booth and waited as I slid in beside her.
"Doris," I growled in her ear. "Wake up, damn it, and if you faint again, I swear I'll up the price." I sighed when she remained slumped over the table. I looked at my drink and scowled. It did smell like hard liquor, I thought and shrugged. I took a long swig and gasped, coughing. Yep, definitely alcohol. If it was spiked with blood, I couldn't taste it.
"Vendostrum, come in," a male voice crackled over my earpiece.
"Ah, shit," I groaned.
"Vendostrum, do you copy?" the voice asked a minute later when I didn't answer. Cane set a cold drink in front of my partner and put a hand on the back of her head. I stared wide-eyed, as she jolted awake with a gasp.
"I am not even going to ask," I muttered and took another swig of my drink.
"Vendostrum!" Doris reached a shaky hand to her collar and pressed a button.
"Carson!" she yelled. "If she doesn't answer, that means she's busy. Now if you don't mind, we have business to get back to." She dropped her hand to her drink and snorted. "Business my ass." Taking another swig, I sighed as the cold burn went down my throat.
"You're not going to faint on me again, are you?" I asked, staring at my partner. She shrugged and shoved her drink toward me. "Oh, come on," I said and shoved it back at her. "Drink up. By tomorrow morning, you won't even remember a single thing."
"According to who?"
"According to this brilliant alcohol of course."
"Of course," she said dryly and took a very, very long swig.
I again looked around the bar, realizing that Ari and the creepy ass dude were no longer here. "Where is Ari and uh, that dude?" I asked Cane. "And Vincent?"
"They? told me they'll be back, and they took Vincent with them."
I nodded rapidly and took another long pull of my drink. "I don't know if I should be scared, laugh, or shrug it off."
"I don't freaking believe it," Doris muttered into her glass.
"Oh, believe it," said Cane. "It is very real. I can erase your memory, and this night will cease to exist for you."
Doris's eyes widened. "You can do that?"
"He can," a deep male voice said from beside me, and I gasped, choking on my drink. I set my drink down, and someone thumped me on my back, and I took in a deep, burning breath.
"Oh, that hurts," I gasped.
"Forgive me."
"Don't mind him," said Ari.
"Yours was nothing," Doris wheezed, and I looked over to her.
"What?" I asked, staring at her, eyes streaming and nose running. "Oh," I said and coughed. "Nice trick, too bad I missed it." She glared at me and grabbed a wad of napkins from the center of the table. Someone tapped my shoulder, and I turned to find another vampire with bright red eyes and blonde hair smirking at me.
"Hi," she said cheerfully and held out her hand. When I didn't make a move to shake it, she grabbed my hand and shook it enthusiastically. "I'm Kira, and you are?"
"Um," I said hesitantly and grabbed my drink with my free hand and slammed it. Yep, my world spun as I drained my glass. I set the empty glass back on the table, and Kira dropped my hand, still smirking. Reaching over, I snatched Doris's drink and slammed it.
"Hey!" Doris exclaimed.
"Sorry," I slurred and looked to Cane. "Can I get another glass?"
Cane laughed. "I believe that is enough drinking for you."
"But." I slid from the booth, and the floor rushed up to meet me, but before I could face plant with it, a cold hand grabbed hold of my arm, steadying me and taking the empty glass I was holding from my unresisting hand. "Hey, let me go."
"Not likely, sweetheart." Oh, great, it was that creepy dude. Kira came into my blurred of a vision and waved her hand in front of my face.
"What's your name?" she asked.
"Um, what?" I asked, confused.
"Your name, what's your name?" I just stared at her. "Your name," she enunciated slowly. An arm came around me and hauled me up against a hard body.
"I think it is time for you both to go home," said Ari.
"Let me go, I can drive," I mumbled.
"Can you?" the creepy dude holding me asked. I nodded. "Shall we test your ability to drive?" I again nodded, as Kira reached into my pocket and pulled out my car keys. She reached to my ear and took out my earpiece, unclipping the mini microphone from the collar of my shirt.
"Hey, you can't do that," I grumbled at her.
Kira smiled, and inclining her head to me, she turned and headed for the bar entrance. "We'll meet again, officer," she said and stepped out into the night.
"Come back," I said halfheartedly.
"I believe it is time for you to sleep it off," the creepy dude growled in my ear.
"What are you??" I trailed off, as my world went black.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

TRISTAN

Bridget Vendostrum, a name repeated over and over in my head, as the scent of alcohol burned my nose and the back of my throat. Fuck me, and fuck me hard. Never thought, a Vendostrum would one day walk into a bar, and into the vampire world. Bridget pushed weakly against my arm. I sighed and willed open her front door, stepping over the threshold. "Let me go, god damn it," she slurred as I kicked the door shut and mentally locked it. Ignoring her, I walked down the short hallway to her bedroom and pushed open the door. "Nice job," I said to Ari, standing beside the bed. She moved out of the way as I stalked over to the bed and lowered Bridget onto it. Bridget groaned and holy hell, I prayed she wasn't going to throw up on me. I slowly removed my arm from under her and straightened, looking down at her, at her bloodshot eyes and alcohol fused gaze. I stood there, silent, as her eyes fluttered shut, and she fell into an alcohol induced coma. I took my eyes off of her and carefully unholstered her gun. As Ari's cool hand rested gently on my shoulder, I turned, feeling the brief buzz of Kira pulling up the driveway. A few minutes later, the front door opened, and she entered, dropping the keys on the small table just inside the door. I looked to the doorway as she appeared. I gestured her in, and she strode to the bureau, setting down the earpiece and looking at me. "Who is she?" she whispered, low enough that it wouldn't wake the human, drunk or not. I remained silent, having no idea where to even begin. Not even Ari knew my birth given name, and spouting something like, 'oh, you know, she is my great, times a billion, great granddaughter'. Kira smirked. "Is it a secret?" she asked and moved to my side. She elbowed me, and I winced. "Step aside; I'm going to make her more comfortable." Ari pulled me away from the bed, and I cross the small room to lean against a wall, the gun still in my hand. Glancing at it, I cursed, because it was still loaded, and the safety was off. With quick precision, I unloaded the glock 22 and walked over to her nightstand, setting both glock and magazine onto it. I turned to the sleeping human and scowled at her. "Get out of the room or turn around," Kira said to me. I gave her a questioning look. She sighed. "I'm going to strip her, and for the sake of her fragile mind, turn around or leave the room." Sighing, I turned and strode to the door. Closing it, I leaned against it, my eyes squeezed shut. My stomach clenched painfully, as my hunger grew. My lower set of fangs I was doing so great in keeping them sheathed for the past hour, extended to their full length. Damn it.
"I know that look," Ari whispered from directly in front of me. My eyes opened to meet her dark red ones. Her hand came up, and she poked a finger into my mouth. She pushed against one of my fangs, and I licked at it, drawing her finger further into my mouth. She yelped, as I bit down, puncturing it with one of my fangs. I didn't release her, until she smacked me upside the head. Ari huffed, licking closed the wound. I looked over to Kira, hands on her hips, and pouting. My head swam at the taste of Ari's blood, and my vision, already red, deepened.
"What?" I softly growled.
"I was hoping for an X-rated show," Kira whispered, smirking.
I walked over to her, pulling her into my arms and glaring down at her. "In your dreams," I whispered in her ear.
"I really don't want a show," she whispered, squirming as I nuzzled her neck, my mouth watering and fangs aching to sink into that soft skin of hers. "That's just?" She shuddered.
I chuckled. "Are we done here?" I asked. She nodded, and I teleported.
I dropped my arms from around her and jumped back, my hand flashing and catching Jordana around the throat. The vampire snarled, and Kira ducked and dodged the side kick aiming for her. I pulled Jordana to me and held her struggling body tightly against mine. I flashed across the Council's lounge and slammed her into the wall. She let out a startled gasp, her eyes slowly focusing on me. "What was that for?" she asked brightly, and I let her pry my fingers from around her neck.
"Not in a good mood, are you?" I asked dryly.
She raised an eyebrow at me. "I'm always in a good mood. Why wouldn't I be?"
"You almost kicked me in the head," Kira grumbled from her position by the door leading out of the lounge.
"Damn," Ari huffed from the other side of the door. It opened, and she strode in. "Why do I always miss the fun? It is not fair, you know?"
"Ella," Jordana sang, and I smiled, as Ari gave a horrified gasp.
"Jordana!" Ari exclaimed. She stopped beside me and glared at the crazed vampire. Jordana stared at her, blinking, her smile turning into a grin. "Don't call me that," she growled.
"Why not? Don't you like?"
"Fine, no brains for you for a day."
Jordana's grin turned into a pout. "But."
"You call me Ella again, and you won't have any brains for two days."
"But."
"So, if you call me by that name ten times, you won't get any brains for ten days, got it? The more you call me Ella, the more days you go without brains." Jordana's eyes went out of focus, and the bright red bled from her eyes faster than you could say, 'oh shit'. "You're handling this one," she said to me and flashed from the lounge. "I handled her last night and the night before," she continued, closing the door behind her. I sighed, as growls ripped from Jordana. She may be three hundred and twenty-two years old, but she was faster and stronger than your ordinary average fledgling. Three months ago, I found out that for every brain she consumed, she gained the victim's strength and agility, along with their memories, both good and bad. And she showed that fact by shoving me across the room. Kira gasped and disappeared into the Council chamber as I got up and flashed after Jordana. I caught her, and she hissed, baring her fangs to strike. I threw her to the floor before she could bite me. There was no way in hell I was going to let her sink those fangs into me and then have venom course through my bloodstream. Yes, I could rid myself of the poison, any vampire could, but I wasn't your average normal vampire, was I? Jordana could no longer control the releasing of venom when she fed. Maybe she could control it, but I hadn't seen her doing so, or she didn't care to try it. So it was blood bags for her, or supervised hunts. A dose of the venom in humans was agonizingly painful, and sometimes, deadly. In her case, sometimes was every time, as I found out, a night after her re-sire-ing by Liana and Sven. She banged her head against the floor, hissing. With a mental push, I forced her to retract her fangs, and she screeched when she couldn't extend them to their full length. She snapped at me, and I growled. Hot and cold waves of sensation coursed through me, and I gritted my teeth.
"You're hungry," Jordana observed and again, snapped her teeth at me. I winced as the light fixture over my head came crashing down on me.
"Stop," I growled, cursing as a doorknob-where the hell did that come from-smacked me upside the head. Fuck did that hurt.
"Are you going to compel me?" she hissed.
"No," I said slowly. "I want you to stop on your own." I dove inside her head and grimaced.
She giggled. "This again?" she asked, and I grunted as she slammed me out. I stared deeply into her semi-focused eyes and sighed. I couldn't hear her thoughts. Well, I could, but it was like listening to an un-tuned radio, full of static and words I couldn't make out. Sometimes I could, but most of the times I couldn't, especially when she was in her own little world which was eighty percent of the times, and to me, that was? very disconcerting. Without hurting her mind even more than it already was, I couldn't go deeper to read. And all I saw inside her mind was a black void. Jordana sighed and went limp. I stiffened, because that was a very bad sign.
"Jordana," I warned.
Her eyes widened in surprise. "What?" I jerked to the side as something sharp slammed into me. "Got you," she sang and wriggled from under me. I turned my head to the left and snarled when I saw a freaking sword sticking out of my side. Jordana squealed, and I gave her a murderous look. Half laughing, half gasping, she ran from the lounge. Gritting my teeth against the pain and ignoring the hunger that came over me with vengeance, I put my hand on the hilt of the sword and yanked it out with a slew of curses. The Council chamber double doors opened with a bang, and I looked up at the sound of Kira's gasp. I mentally reached out and slammed into Sven's and Liana's head. They let out a pained yelp. Go after your child, I mentally snarled. Or I'll have her head for impaling me with a fucking sword! I hissed and slipped out to find Ari and Kira on either side of me.
"Tristan!" Ari exclaimed.
"Sire!" Kira exclaimed. "What happened?"
"What does it look like?" I hissed and bared my fangs.
Ari took the bloody sword from me. "How did she get this? And from where?" The other door, the one leading out of the lounge, once again opened, and Audrianna flashed over to me.
"Sire," she yelped, and I snarled. I grabbed the nearest vampire to me. I was almost completely healed, but the blood wasn't going to replenish itself. Kira gave a startled yelp, and then she gasped as I sank my fangs deep into her neck. Try as she might, she couldn't push me away as I fed greedily. The hot sweet blood slid down my throat, slightly easing my voracious hunger. Kira finally went limp in my arms, and only a sharp jab from Ari forced me to pull back.
"You want her going into torpor?" Ari asked dryly. I glared at my healed wound and again leaned into Kira, licking at the bite wound. Ari put her arms around me and pulled me back against her. "You can let go now," she said in my ear. I released Kira, and Audrianna bent to pick her up. "Compel her for him, would you?" Ari asked, and Audrianna nodded. "Thanks, I don't think he can talk yet."
"I can," I growled and forced my breathing into a normal rhythm. I pulled away from Ari and took the thirty-six inch of steel from her. I got up, cursing at the pain I was still in. "Stay here," I growled and teleported to my compound apartment three hundred and fifty feet under the Council building.
I walked over to a wall, and finding the small lever I was looking for, I bent and pulled at it. The wall slid sideways, revealing monitors after monitors, and when switched on, showed the outside world. I put my right hand on the carpeted floor and finding a button at the corner, I pushed it, and the inner wall full of monitors slid sideways and outward to reveal darkness. I straightened and jumped into empty space. I gritted my teeth against the painful stab of magic as wind rushed past my ears. I finally hit solid ground, and magical blue light flared to life, causing my eyes to burn. I blinked rapidly and glanced at my left wrist, where a black metal band encircled it. It was a magical wristband, created two days ago to protect me from light. Not completely, but enough that I could stand in sunlight and not scream. I couldn't remove the metal thing, and I blamed it on Brulia, the stupid witch who had spelled it so that none of us-including me-could take it off. Yes, I was grateful for the absent of pain at the mere touch of light, but sunlight did still hurt, but yet it was a lot more bearable than without the damn thing. And did she really have to pick a god damn wristband? And a metal one at that? Sighing, I put a finger on the tiny ass switch and taking a deep breath, I flicked it to the left. Instantly, pain slammed into me, and I gasped, hissing. "Okay," I said to empty air. "It works," I finished with a raspy intake of breath. I flicked the switch to the right, and groaned as the pain slowly dissipated. I looked at the sword, and yep, it was cleaned of blood. I glanced at my wound and grunted, seeing no blood on me, but my shirt was a lost cause. I ripped the shirt off myself and tossed it into a metal box which automatically came alive with fire. Everything down here was magic except for the weapons and shields and scrolls. Sighing, I walked over to one of the cabinets, and my hand tingled as I pulled it open. I set the sword inside and closed it. A bright white light flashed for a brief second, but it was enough to make me growl at it in annoyance. Taking one last look around the vault, I teleported out of there, reappearing in my apartment a hundred feet up. I pushed the wall of monitors back to its original position and pulled at the lever. The wall slid back out and closed with a whoosh, once again hiding the monitors from curious eyes. I walked into the bedroom and over to the closet. I pulled out a shirt and slipped it on before once again teleporting back to the lounge.
The lounge was emptied of blood, doorknob, and broken light fixture. I smirked. It was also emptied of vampires. Hmm, I thought and sniffed the air. I walked to the door leading out of the lounge and opened it. Jordana straightened from the counter and smiled at me. I walked over, stopping beside Kira who was looking something up on the computer. "Did that hurt?" Jordana asked me, tugging on a strand of her own hair. "I was hoping the sword would get you in the neck but?" She shrugged. "Oh well, I'll get another chance another day." She sighed and smirked at a job well done. I snarled at her, and she laughed, saluted me, and headed for the outside doors. I teleported, and she shrieked as I grabbed her. "What you doing?"
"Where are you going?" I snarled.
"Hunting, if you must know. I need to celebrate my awesomeness of impaling you." I held back the strong urge to rip her head right off her shoulders. For one, it would kill Sven and Liana, and by god was it hard to resist my compulsive reaction to her actions. Kira yelped, and Jordana whimpered as my energy whipped out around her and the receptionist area. Kira's hand shot out and caught a piece of paper before it could flutter off the counter.
"If you were any other vampire, my sweet insane youngling," I hissed. "You wouldn't be standing the second you stab me. You realize that, don't you?" I growled.
"Yes," Jordana squeaked. "I just find it oddly satisfying," she breathed, eyes filled with fear and a determination not to slip into head-banging mode.
I smiled. "You, my dear, are not the only one that finds it satisfying to see me hurt in one way or another. It's very amusing to them," I said and released her.
She jerked away from me and slammed open the doors. "I agree with them. It's very? amusing." I glared after her, as she disappeared into the pre-morning dawn.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

KIRA

"Sire?" I slipped from behind the counter and walked toward him, ignoring the fact that I was still hungry after one feeding. Tristan and I watched, as a female-I gently sniff the air-shifter walked down the steps and toward us.
"I'm not here to cause you any trouble. I'm with Tavia," the shifter said dryly. She glared at Tristan when he remained silent, eyes narrowed. "You don't believe me," she continued, smirking. "Well, I tell you what, how about you read my thoughts to find that I am sincere." She arched an eyebrow. "Or better yet, bite me. I dare you."
"Who are you?" I asked dryly.
"Carlie, and you are?"
"Kira," I said with a shrug. "Are you really with Tavia? Because you don't smell like a cat to me."
She rolled her eyes. "You must be new," she said. "Or still young." She sighed. "I'm a werewolf." She returned her attention to Tristan. "Your vampires are killing wolves," Carlie growled. This got his attention. She smirked. "I knew that would get your attention eventually." She put up a hand. "Before you start torturing your hunters, I might add that a few witches are helping them out in the? laying low department."
"Wait, just wait up," I said. "Vampires are killing werewolves? Since when?"
"Since last week."
Tristan sighed. "Come on in," he growled.
Carlie stepped inside and looked around with interest. "Nice place," she said, stopping before the counter.
I snorted. "This place needs some touching up, like badly."
"This way," Tristan growled and put out a hand to stop me as I started to follow. I sighed and grumbled under my breath. Stay here and greet the next arrivals, he said into my head. I nodded and inclined my head, as if listening to something. Tristan led Carlie through a door and up the stairs just as the door once again opened, and Jude walked in, Ari following behind.
"No teleporting, I see," I said and scowled at Jude. Before he could reply, Ari poked him with her blade, and she smiled as he jerked.
"Hey!" he growled, and his hand flashed to take the blade from her, but he wasn't fast enough. Ari was already several feet away, smirking. Jude scowled and muttered something about vampires and bond. Ari pointed her blade in his direction, a drop of blood on the pointy tip of it.
"Jude, what did you do?" I asked. He looked at me before returning his gaze to the blade.
"I didn't do anything."
"Can't I just poke you for fun?" Ari asked him. Jude closed his eyes and grumbled something I couldn't make out. She smirked, just as Tavia and Skyler walked in.
"Huh," I said. "Is there a party I don't know about?" Tavia, in her human form, wearing clothes bought from a thrift shop, walked to the counter and dropped into a chair, glowering. She scowled as she noticed me staring at her. Her golden eyes met mine.
"What?" she snarled.
"What crawled up your ass?" I asked and shrugged.
"Enough," Ari said, sighing. "Let's head into the lounge, a couple of humans are coming through."
I nodded and headed for the lounge's door. "Who will play receptionist?"
"I will," Jude said as I pulled open the door and stepped inside, Ari, Tavia, and Skyler right behind me. I cross the room and flopped onto one of the couches. Skyler sat down beside me and smiled. No chocolate? She mentally asked. I frowned at her.
"Ari," I said and looked over at her. "You know what we need?"
"What's that?" Ari asked suspiciously.
"Don't you dare, answer that," Elijah said from somewhere.
"Oh, hey to you, too," I said cheerfully. "Say what? I was going to suggest we get a popcorn machine. You know, for movie nights?" He let out a very long sigh and appeared in the middle of the room, his eyes narrowed on me.
"Yes," he said dryly. "Preferably chocolate-cover popcorn." He smirked. "Am I correct?"
"Now that you mention it," I said slowly. Before I could continue, something smacked me upside my head. "Ow!" I exclaimed and caught whatever it was in my hand. It was a bag of milk-chocolate hershey nuggets with toffee, almonds, and well, it was chocolate.
"I don't want to hear another complaint from you," Tristan said from the doorway. He strode inside with Carlie, Evelyn, and Taylor. When she was cleared of the door, Carlie automatically stepped away from the vampires, going to stand closer to Tavia. I squirmed when Tristan's gaze was back on me. I sighed.
"You won't hear another complaint from me," I said to him. "Scout's honor."
His eyes narrowed. "If you start asking for girl's scout cookies, I think I may have to?" I hugged the bag of chocolates to me. He smiled.
"Oh, no," I said nervously. "You won't hear a peep from me, sire."
Tristan chuckled and set a stack of papers on the table in front of him. "Save that for later, sweetheart." I sighed and got up, walking over to him and dropping my bag of chocolate onto the table. Did you bite the puppy? I silently asked him. Do not let her hear you say that, he mentally growled in my head. And no, I didn't bite her. I was on my best behavior, he said dryly. I pointed to the stack of papers.
"What are those?"
"Reports," said Taylor. "About the attacks."
"I need coffee," Carlie muttered.
"Shall we go to the compound, then?" Evelyn asked. "Unless you want old coffee from one of the offices?"
"Hey, they're not old," I said and frowned. "Okay, maybe several hours old," I admitted.
"I prefer new coffee," Carlie grumbled and muttered something about blood suckers under her breath. I was about to yell a warning, but it was too late, as everything went dark.
I blinked and looked around me. We were in the central part of the compound, hallways branching off in all directions. Hisses came from both Tavia and Carlie, and then an excited squeal. Oh, no, I thought. Jordana, the psycho vampire, I silently muttered. I turned just as she came to a stop in front of the shifters who moved into a defensive crouch, lips curled away from their lengthening fangs. Jordana inclined her head. Carlie growled, and Tavia hissed at her. My skin crawled as energy swirled around me. I put a hand on Tristan's arm and gritted my teeth. It was like sticking your finger in a socket. On his other side, Ari leaned in and whispered something in his ear even my vampire hearing couldn't pick up. I stepped closer to him and peered up into his eyes and swore. There was no red in those white eyes. He bared his fangs, and yes, both sets of fangs were fully extended to their full length. "Kitty cat," Jordana continued, oblivious to the danger hanging thick in the air. Ari muttered something and put her hand on his wrist, his left wrist, and turned to the shifters.
"Jordana," Ari said loudly. "Tavia, Carlie, enough." Neither of them paid any attention to her. Oh, boy, I thought. This was going to get? bloody. Tristan's hand flashed, and Ari yelped as he grabbed hold of her hand that was around the wristband and effortlessly pulled it away, though she fought him. There was a surge of power, Jordana, Carlie, and Tavia, all gasped as they were thrown across the compound. The muscles under the shifter's skin rippled and panic briefly flashed in their eyes before settling on Tristan.
"Ow?" Jordana said, slowly getting to her feet. She glanced around and straightened as Tristan gently moved me and Ari aside and stalked to her. Skyler, who remained silent this whole time, groaned. Tavia blinked, and then leapt into the air and came to a stop beside Skyler.
"What did you do to me?" Tavia whispered in Skyler's ear. Before Skyler could reply, the air vibrated. I shuddered.
"You look like you want to kill me," Jordana said, totally unconcern with the fact that Tristan was about to bite her. We all watched, as he leaned down, and I grumbled when I didn't hear what he whispered to her. Jordana pouted and punched him when he straightened to his full height. "Why can't I play with the kitty and the puppy?" Carlie snarled and launched herself at Jordana, shifting into a pure white wolf in midair. Before the wolf could get to the crazy vampire, a feral snarl ripped from Tristan, and he moved in a blur of movements, catching both of them around their throats. Carlie swiped her claws across his arm, and the room grew even more charged if it was possible.
"Stop it!" Ari shouted, and I gasped as her power whipped around the compound, immobilizing all of us including, dare I say it? Tristan. She blinked, and blinked again. "Well then," she said cheerfully. "This is? quite awesome." I tried to move my head and failed miserably. "Okay, now that I have all of your attention." She took in a deep breath and scowled at Carlie. "Calm your furry ass down, or I won't stop Tristan from ripping out your throat." The mental hold snapped, and Tristan released the shifter. He growled, capturing Jordana's wrist and flashing back to us. Carlie landed on all fours and shook her head. A split second later, she was back to human form, naked. She spewed a very long string of profanities, glaring at Jordana. Sven appeared from nowhere, and oh, he was pissed. Tristan released Jordana, and before she could try to kill the only werewolf in the group, Sven's hands shot out and jerked her to him.
"Enough," he snarled, and she froze. He looked at Tristan and cursed viciously. Evelyn, who remained silent this whole time, stepped from the shadows of one of the halls and toward Tristan. She put a hand on him, and they both disappeared into thin air. A wave of calm washed over me, and Jordana stopped struggling in Sven's arms. She blinked and looked around.
"As interesting this may be," Elijah growled from behind me.
"I thought someone wanted coffee?" Skyler asked before Elijah could continue. He growled at her, and she shifted closer to Ari.
"Don't you dare lay a finger on her," Ari warned. Elijah sighed and strode down a hallway and disappeared around a corner. I looked around to find that Jordana and Sven were also gone. Carlie glared and slowly got to her feet.
"I'll make it," Skyler said and flashed to the kitchen. I sighed just as a hand landed on my shoulder. I turned my head to find Taylor. I gave her a questioning look.
"Care to play messenger?" she asked, smirking.
I shrugged. "Sure, why not? Are you going to teleport me?"
She chuckled. "No, I think I'm going to make you work."
I groaned. "Where?"
She held out a stack of papers, and I took them from her. "Take that to Tryn?"
I nodded. "On it," I said and ran down a hallway to my left.
Reaching the double doors, I slammed them open, wincing as they crashed into the walls. I ran down the short dark passage and up several flights of stairs. Coming to another door, I stopped and pricked my finger against a fang and touched my bleeding wound to the scanner. The door unlocked with a loud click. I pressed a hand to the palm sensor and screeched when the alarm went off. "Fuck!" I shouted. "You stupid pieces of shit!" I growled and contemplated on kicking the door in. I sucked in a breath and held it as wave of danger washed through me. The alarm shut off, and my ears rang in the deafening silence that followed. I glared at the blinking sensor as a pale hand reached out and stuck a key into the lock. I glanced up and met the hungry gaze of Allia. "You have a master key?" She grunted and pushed open the door.
"Your sire is waiting for you," she growled.
I frowned. "He's coming with me?"
"You have a problem with that?"
"No, has he fed?"
"Ah," she said, smirking. "You'll find that out for yourself soon enough." I groaned, and she chuckled. "Run along now."
"I so pray for a guardian angel for the next century," I grumbled and ran down another hallway, through another door, and up several more flights of stairs. If I were human, it would have taken me hours just to get to the main floor of the Council building from the compound. There were two elevators I could use, but I wanted to run, and run hard. I pushed open the last door and stepped into the lounge. I looked around but didn't see Tristan. I made my way outside and found him leaning on my car, eyes closed against the daylight. I stopped in front of him and inclined my head. Reaching out, I poked the magical black metal band around his left wrist. Before I could pull away, his cold hand locked around my wrist. I looked up at him and inwardly groaned. He'd fed, but it clearly wasn't enough. I stared into his white eyes ringed with red and waited. He shuddered and swallowed, once, twice.
"Skyler is coming as well," he gritted out.
"Oh," I said and nodded. I jerked my eyes from him and pulled away, going around and getting into the car. After a long moment, Tristan got in, cursing under his breath. "What are you grumbling about?" I asked and turned to look at him. Once Skyler was in, I handed the papers to her.
"What's this?" she asked.
"No idea," I said and poked Tristan when he remained silent. He finally looked at me, and I held back a shudder.
"Drive," he growled. I huffed and started up the car, pulling out of the parking lot.
"So where to?" Skyler asked.
"NSC HQ," I said and swerve to miss an oncoming truck. Tristan groaned and slammed back into the seat.
"If you get into an accident, I will not be responsible for my actions," he growled, his voice muffled by his hand over his nose and mouth. He grumbled something and dropped his hand and glared at me. I smirked. Skyler leaned forward and glanced between the two of us.
"So," she said and stared at Tristan. She leaned closer to him and whispered something in his ear.
"Hey! I want in on whatever you just told him," I said and glared at her. Skyler laughed and shrugged before sitting back. I glanced at Tristan who had a faraway look in his eyes. Tristan reached into his pocket and pulled out his iPhone and scowled at the device. I grinned and put all my attention on the road. While he spoke to whoever was on the phone, I scanned the road for any rogues be it vampire, shifter, witch, demon, or hell, sasquatch. In the backseat, Skyler snorted. I smirked at her in the side mirror. Tristan ended his call and muttered something that sounded suspiciously like, "Children." "Who was that?" I asked.
"Elena," he growled. "Turn right at the next light."
"Where are we going?" I asked with a huff.
"To the mall," he said dryly.
"What?" Skyler and I said in unison.
He chuckled. "Elena came upon a group of rogues."
"Damn," Skyler grumbled. "If I'd known we were going to the mall, I would've gone to the bank for some cash."
"Me, too," I muttered, turning right when the light changed to green.
"I mean, who comes home from the mall empty-handed?"
"That would be me," Tristan drawled.
"You're a dude."
"Yeah, I said, pulling into the mall's parking lot and parking. My whole body relaxed as Tristan drew in his aura, enough so that I couldn't detect it. He pulled out his sunglasses and put them on before exiting the car.
"Put on your contacts or your ultra-dark shades, girls," he said to us and closed the door. I took out my sunglasses and did as I was told. I got out of the car and went around to Tristan, shoving the keys into my pocket.
"Where is Elena?" Skyler asked, running her fingers through her blonde hair. She looked nervously at the mall and licked her lips.
"Borders," Tristan said, and for once, I didn't hear a growl in his voice. Hands on both of our shoulders, he gently pushed us forward. "She is with Alyssa and Aaron. We nodded as we entered the mall. Tristan's hand tightened painfully, and I wondered just how long it would take before he lost control completely.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

The mall was like any other mall in the world, crowded, and loud. I grimaced and tried very hard to ignore the delicious scent of blood running through every single human in this damn place. Beside me, Skyler's hands were clenched into fists at her side, and she was barely taking air through her nose. I didn't even dare to look back at Tristan. "Ice lemonade anyone?" Skyler asked and walked up to the counter. Tristan and I stopped behind her, and she looked back at us. I nodded and glanced at Tristan, who shook his head. "Small? Large?"
"Small." She nodded and told the human behind the counter her order. A minute later, she handed me my cold drink, and we continued our way to Borders. I focused on sipping the ice lemonade, the sound of hearts beating and the rushing of blood pounding relentlessly in my ears. A few people stared and quickly looked away, parting to make room for us to get through. We finally reached Borders, and I actually welcomed the smell of dust, new books, and coffee. We stopped just inside, and Tristan bent, like he was going to whisper something in my ear. He inhaled slowly and held it for a very long time, imprinting my scent into his brain. He straightened and took my drink from me. Popping off the lid, he chugged half of the cold content and groaned softly. Replacing the lid, he handed it back to me. I caught sight of Elena at one of the tables and started toward her.
"Kira," said Elena. "Tristan, Skyler."
"Elena," said Skyler. "What you reading?" she asked, looking over her shoulder at the title. Elena shrugged and closed the book while Tristan casually walked to the next table filled with more books, stopping beside a rogue.
"Shit," I hissed under my breath. Skyler and I set our drinks on the table and watched them intently. There was a slight stir in the air, and Skyler cried out in pain as a blade flipped end-over-end to hit her in the back. She dropped to the floor and screams from the humans filled my ears as rage came over me. I snarled and darted between the suspense and the romance section. Something slammed into my side, but I didn't care. Ignoring the hot blood pouring from my wound, I leapt into the air and tackled one of the rogues. I yanked the knife out and stabbed her in the chest, straight into her heart. I leaned down and hissed in her ear. "No one," I snarled. "No one stabs my sister in the back and get away with it, you incompetent little slut." I gave the blade a twist and pulled it out. Blood poured from the rogue's mouth as I punched my hand into her chest and ripped out her still beating heart. It was chaos-customers trampling over each other in a desperate attempt to head for the emergency exit door. I got up and smiled down at the dead rogue. "Oh, by the way, thanks for the weapon," I growled and walked back to Skyler. She was on her feet, and her eyes blazed with fury. I looked around but didn't see Tristan anywhere. My ears throbbed as the plexiglass of the store shattered. Skyler's hand flashed and yanked one of my blades from its sheath. Before I could do anything, she flashed after the escaping rogue. "Fuck," I hissed and flashed after her. "Skyler!" I shouted, both mentally and out loud. I heard more glass shattering into a million pieces as I caught up to Skyler in the middle of a food court. Screams assaulted my ears, and the smell of blood was overwhelming.
"Skyler," Brynna yelled and grabbed her from behind.
"Where did you come from?" I shouted at her.
"Tristan called me, and I answered," she yelled, taking the blade from Skyler's death grip. Skyler screamed and bit Brynna's hand in an attempt to break free.
"This is a fucking disaster," Jade hissed from right behind me.
"Tell me about it," I muttered. "This is so going to be on the fucking news." I looked around and cringed. A split second later, Ari appeared from nowhere and pulled an enraged Skyler to her.
"There are more rogues in the vicinity," she said and cursed as Skyler bit her, tearing her flesh in the process. I caught the blade Brynna tossed at me and turned, sheathing it as I ran inside a clothing store. I flashed to a rogue and grabbing a hold of his head, I bashed it against the mirror, shattering it into a billion glittering pieces. He roared and clawed at my arms.
"Tell me that felt good," I said and smiled cruelly. "Tell me why you and your friends are here."
"Never," he spat and hit me upside the head. Stars burst before my eyes, and I staggered, taking him down with me as I hit the floor. I snarled and rolled until he was under me. The rogue snarled and flipped me. I seethed as we rolled around in glass. I gritted my teeth as I bled from a thousand cuts. Snarling, I head butted him in the face, and he jerked back, hissing. I pushed him off of me and knowing I had no time to unsheathe a blade, I grabbed the biggest glass I could find and stabbed it into his groin. He screamed like a girl, and it was music to my ears. God was it music to my ears. I pulled out a blade and slammed it into his throat. I slashed and stabbed until his head was no longer connected to his body. I got up and stared at one of the mall's security guy. He was pale as death, and it looked like he was going to piss his pants as he stared wide-eyed at me, mouth a gaped and eyes bulging.
"I suggest you leave, sir," I said, glancing at the pool of blood all over the floor. "Matter of a fact, I suggest you take the rest of the week off." I sighed and waved my hand at him. When he didn't respond, I shrugged and left the store. I want this whole place secured, Tristan snarled in my head. I stopped and looked around-my whole body stinging and itching like crazy. I grimaced, shards of glass pushed from my skin like a foreign object and plinking to the ground all around me. If you see any news reporter of any kind, encourage them to leave. His hungry laugh filled my head, and I shuddered. I want a rogue alive, he silently growled. Kira, come to me. Huh? I screeched in my own head. I grunted as a tug urged me forward. I groaned and stood my ground, knowing that it was ineffective. I gritted my teeth, cursing the god damn sire bond as I moved against my will to him. I hate it when you call me to you like this, I silently growled. I glared as I made my way to the other side of the mall. A rogue came at me, and I ducked, sweeping out a leg to trip him. I drove my blade into his stomach and pushed upward, under his ribcage, reaching for his heart. The rogue snarled and pushed off the ground, his arm slashing out and sending me flying through the air. I crashed into a Disney store, more glass shattering around and on me as I came to a stop, my head hitting something solid. I must have blacked out for the briefest of seconds, because the next thing I knew, the rogue had his hands around my throat. I gasped for air, his fingers digging into my neck as I bucked, trying to throw him off of me. Fuck, I thought. This rogue was stronger than me. The urge to go to Tristan was still humming within me. It wasn't going to fade until I go to him, or he came to me. I dug my fingers into the rogue's arms, until blood ran down my hand and down my arms. He picked up my blade and stabbed me in the throat. I gurgled, my eyes widening as I broke out in a cold sweat. A powerful surge of energy slammed into me. My muscles bunched together, as if preparing to run. The rogue froze, his hand tightening on the hilt of the blade. His eyes widened in horror at someone I couldn't see. But I didn't need to look to know who that someone was.
"You shouldn't have done that," Tristan said, slowly, calmly. The rogue swallowed hard and glared at me.
"Who-?" Before he could even finish his question, Tristan's hand was a blur, and the next thing I knew, the rogue's head was several feet away. Tristan kicked the body off of me and snarled. I slowly, painfully sat up. He crouched in front of me and without a warning, yanked the blade from my neck. I coughed and winced. He pulled me up, and I pressed a hand to my bleeding neck.
"He was stronger than me," I gasped. "And why did you want me to come to you?"
"I know, and so I can heal you."
"Is someone taking care of the humans?"
"Yes," he growled as he led me into what looked like a dressing room. He snarled and pulled a screaming rogue out. I stepped into the dressing room as the rogue's scream died off with a gurgle. I inwardly shuddered at the sound of Tristan's growls. I groaned and tried to blink through the red haze of pain and hunger.
"Where were you?" I asked when I felt him behind me. He turned me to face him, and in the blink of an eye, he pressed his bleeding wrist to my mouth. I inhaled sharply and drew his blood down my throat like a starved animal.
"I was outside," he said with a sigh and ran his fingers through my hair, dislodging blood, dust, glass, and whatever shit got tangled up in my hair. "That's enough." I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and licked close the wound. "Come, let's check outside." I nodded and stepped closer to him. He put his arms around me and teleported.
Outside, in the cool refreshing fall air, I inhaled deeply. I grunted as a panicked human plowed into me. Tristan steadied her, and the human's expression went blank. She nodded and calmly walked away. "Do a perimeter check?" I nodded and ran. I was a blur to human eyes as I searched for rogues lingering outside of the mall. If you find nothing, head back inside, he said into my mind. I mentally nodded and came to a stop behind Alyssa. I tapped her on the shoulder, and she turned.
"Holy shit, Kira."
"I know," I said, sighing.
She winced. "You're completely covered in blood." I looked down at myself and grimaced. "How many rogues did you kill?"
I shrugged. "Two." I looked at the yellow crime scene tape and frowned. "Damn," I muttered.
"They're under the Council's control."
I narrowed my eyes at her. "Who are they?"
"The SDPD."
"And the media?"
She shrugged. "Cailin and Rebecka are keeping an eye for any news vehicles, cameras, and shit."
I nodded. "Let's just hope none of this gets out to the public."
"I'm going to go on YouTube when this is all done and over with, and I bet you five bucks I'm going to find something."
I groaned. "Well, have you seen any rogues out here?" She shook her head. "I'm going to run around one more time, and if I don't find one, I'm back in that mall and cutting off heads." She grunted as I leapt into the air. Wind rushed past my ears as I streaked across the sky, scanning the crowd below me. I smiled when I spotted a rogue heading for one of the humans. "Oh, no you don't, asshole," I growled and dived for him. My hands closed around his throat, and I jerked him into the air with me as shrieks blistered my eardrums. I squeezed, until he couldn't get air into his lungs. On the roof, I slammed him against it. He screamed as the glass roof gave out, and he went plummeting back inside. I flew down after him and punched my hand into his chest, tearing out his heart before he even hit the floor. I looked around and sighed at the three lifeless humans a short distance off to my right. I found three dead humans, I silently said to Tristan. A growl rippling through my mind was his only response. I shrugged and stepped into another store. I blinked when I saw Donnica struggling with two rogues. She caught sight of me and tossed a rogue my way. "Where's Tryn?" I asked and slammed into the rogue in midair, sending him crashing to the floor.
"No idea," Donnica hissed, snapping the rogue's neck. "We automatically split up when we got here." I nodded and kneed my own rogue in the balls. I inwardly pouted when he didn't scream the soprano. He roared and punched his hand into my stomach. I snapped his arm and slammed my head into his face and at the same time, I drove a blade into his side. "Holy fuck, Conoleki, who did you train with?" Unsheathing another blade, I stabbed it into his opened mouth. I flipped him over and punched my hand into his back, snapping his spinal cord. The rogue went limp, and I grabbed his head, wrenching it all the way around until it tore from the body. I retrieved my two blades and got up. I smirked at Donnica.
"The best of the best," I said and turned at the sound of clapping. "Brynna!" I exclaimed. Behind me, Donnica groaned.
"I should've known."
"Nice performance," Brynna said with an evil smile. She was covered in more blood than I was, and I didn't look closer at the chunks of something all over her clothes. I shuddered and sheathed my blades.
"Thanks," I said and stepped from the store. "We ran out of rogues to kill?"
"I believe so. Evelyn is making one last round to check."
"How many rogues did you kill?" Donnica asked from beside me.
"Eleven."
I whistled. "Nice."
She shrugged. "I made quick work of them."
"Did you leave one alive?"
She winced. "I ah, kind of forgot to."
I laughed. "You don't follow orders, do you?"
"It's not the fact I don't follow orders, it's the fact that I forget, what those orders are."
I smirked. "Riiiight." She scowled at me.
"Oh, don't worry," Allia growled, walking over to us and putting a hand on Brynna's arm. "I have one," she hissed and stroked a finger across the cheek of a rogue in her arms. "I got a bit hungry. She's a little short of a few? pints at the moment."
"Short of ten pints more like it," I muttered.
She chuckled. "Something like that." She nodded her head to the shattered roof. "Come outside whenever you are ready," she said and disappeared. Donnica and I looked at each other. "Well?" She shrugged and walked toward the outside doors. I fell instep beside her and inhaled the blood saturated air.
"Are you coming over after this?" she asked, pushing open the door. I nodded. "Cool, I'll see you, then?" I grunted and waved her off. She snorted and launched herself into the sky. I blew out a breath and made my way over to Tristan, Skyler, and Ari. I pulled Skyler to me and hugged her tightly.
"Do you still want to tear someone's head off?" I asked and pulled back slightly.
She laughed and stepped from my arms. "I think I'm okay."
"Good, how's your back?"
"Great, I don't feel any pain."
"Awesome," I said and looked to Tristan and Ari. Tristan took a step toward me and pulled me into his arms.
"You will be the death of me," he growled softly in my ear.
"Sorry," I muttered and sank my fangs into his forearm. He grunted, as I took a long pull of his hot, fizzing blood into my mouth and swallowed.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

BRIDGET

This is all just a dream, I silently muttered to myself. This is all just a nightmare, and I'm going to wake up, anytime soon now. I watched, as a team of officers directed traffic away from the massacre, and yes it was a massacre. The four extremely pale figures standing in the shadows didn't miss a thing, as their eyes tracked each officer's every move. A shudder ran through me as one of them looked my way. At the sound of a helicopter, all four of them looked toward the sky. One of them sighed, and I blinked. Did she just disappear into thin air? I silently gasped. I pressed my fingers into my eyes, and when I dropped my hand, I saw only three instead of four. Vampires don't exist, I muttered to myself. Yesterday was all just a dream. "Was it, officer?" I gasped and turned to the sound of that low voice. I took a step back and stared at him. He was wearing sunglasses, dark enough that I couldn't see his eyes. As I thought about it, all of them were wearing some kind of dark shades or another. All except the four I saw standing in the shadows. I blinked as he reached up and raise his sunglasses. I gulped and air seemed to lock in my throat as I realized that he wasn't blinking. His eyes were pitched black as night, and I couldn't get myself to look away. "Was it?" he repeated. The edges of my vision darkened, and before I could even blink, he was several feet away from me. "Breathe, officer." I still couldn't take my eyes off him as I sucked in much needed air.
"Who are you?" I finally asked after a long minute.
"I'm Casiar, and are you going to answer my question?"
I gulped. "Is it?"
He arched an eyebrow at me. "I'm asking you," he said dryly and lowered his sunglasses.
"I don't know," I muttered. "I don't know what to believe."
"Shall I bite you to prove it?" he drawled. He looked past me and scowled. The sound of my own heart pounded louder in my ears as I felt the tingle of danger and the hairs on the back of my neck rising. "Tristan, Ari, Skyler, Kira," Casiar said conversationally. "What's up?" I bit my lip. Casiar glanced at my mouth and lingered. "Please, for all of our sakes do not, and I repeat, do not draw blood." It was a little too late, as I tasted the coppery tang on my tongue. Casiar's face blanked of all emotions, and I could've sworn the air grew heavy and suffocating.
"All-" The female voice stopped abruptly, and I slowly turned to face them. "Fuck," she moaned. Her eyes jerked from the blood to the same guy I remembered from the bar, if vaguely. She walked over to him and put a restraining hand on his arm.
"I have to go," I blurted and headed for my patrol car. I didn't even make it three steps before cold hand closed around my upper arm, shooting electricity from the contact down to my hand. Panic suddenly came over me, fast and hard. The hand around my arm tightened painfully, and someone choked. I reached for my gun, but before I could draw it, another cold hand locked around my wrist.
"I wouldn't do that, if I were you," a low raspy voice said, close to my ear. I froze. "Kira," he growled. "If you please?" The hands released me to be replaced with a gentle one on my arm. The blonde female vampire, Kira, stepped in front of me and held out her free hand to me.
"I'm Kira," she said gently. "We're not going to hurt you." A low growl behind me so didn't help any. She glared past me. "You are not helping," she said slowly. I again bit my bottom lip, making it bleed again. She stiffened, and I jerked from her. This time I made it to my patrol car, but before I could get in, someone grabbed me and gently spun me around. I thought my heart was going to explode from my chest. At the rate it was pounding, I was surprised it wasn't five feet away by now. I looked at the creepy guy from the bar, and I tried to swallow past my constricted airway.
"Tristan," Casiar warned. The creepy guy, or Tristan, turned his head and actually snarled. Casiar sighed and turned away. Tristan refocused on me.
"Bridget, Vendostrum," Tristan hissed softly. How the hell did he know my name? Before I could ask, he cupped my chin and forced me to look at him. He removed his sunglasses, and my head spun at his white eyes rimmed with red. Red, that was fading each second as I watch. "Tell me," he growled, and my vision went blurry. "Will you be able to handle the fact that vampires really do exist?"
"Yes," I said in a monotone.
He smiled tightly and nodded. "Go to dinner with Astrid." In my head, I was freaking out. How the hell did he know I was going to meet up with my sister for dinner? "I'll pay you a visit, if not tonight, tomorrow night. I'll answer any questions you have. You will remember this moment, but until then, keep it all to yourself." He stepped back from me, and it actually looked painful for him to do so. "Go on, do whatever you were going to do," he said, and I blinked. I looked around. There was no one here. What the hell? I thought. Shaking my head, I turned to my car, and got in.

ARI

Half an hour later and here I was, baking chocolate chip cookies for Kira and Skyler. To say the least, it was very strange. And for once, I wasn't ripping hearts from unsuspecting rogues or spying on them. I jumped and winced at the beep of the timer. Shutting it off and opening the oven, I pulled the second batch out and slid them onto a cooling rack. I sighed and quickly clean up the mess. Looking around one last time, I headed to the living room. My hands shot out and grabbed Kira before she could fly by me. A cookie in one hand, she gave me an innocent look. I dragged her back to the couch and shoved her. She grunted and reached for the glass of milk on the table. "Wait until they cool off," I said with a huff. "And if you insist I make a third batch, I'm going to strangle you."
"Corinne!" she shouted, and I grimaced at the quick sting of pain in my ears.
"Do I smell cookies?" Corinne hissed from the front door. She entered and looked around. She went straight for the cookies and grabbed a couple. "Where's Tristan?" she asked and stuck one into her mouth.
"He's somewhere around here," Skyler said and snatched the last cookie from the plate. Kira growled, and I smiled, dropping onto the couch beside Corinne. I leaned back and scowled at Kira as she got up and headed to the kitchen.
"Tristan," I called out and smirked at the annoyed look on Kira's face. "Tristan," I repeated. "Come join us."
"Hey," said Skyler. She got up and walked to the TV, grabbing the remote and turning it on. "Any of you checked the news yet?" I stiffened. She walked back to the couch and glanced at me. "I don't know if we made it onto the news, but it doesn't hurt to check to make sure that we didn't." I nodded and relaxed, if only a little. She flipped to a news channel, and we all leaned forward, holding our breaths. Skyler screeched, and I cursed. A blurry picture of Skyler filled a corner of the screen while a video showed her stabbing a rogue and decapitating him.
"Fuck!" I exclaimed.
"Fuck!" they all shouted in unison.
"I am not on the run," Skyler said, glaring at the TV. "There's a hotline number. Any of you want to call me in?"
"Oh, yeah," Kira drawled and pulled out her phone. "Let's see, what's the number? Oh, right." She made a show of calling before it flew from her hand and into the shadows. She glared at Tristan as he entered the living room. The phone flew back into her hand and she shoved it back into her pocket. Tristan grabbed a cookie and snarled at the TV. I reached out and pulled him down beside me.
"Now, now, don't set your TV on fire," I said. His jaw flex, and he stuck the cookie into his mouth. He stole Kira's refilled glass of milk and downed it. She snatched it from him and stomped into the kitchen. Tristan sighed and put his arm around me, holding me tightly against his side.
"Fuck my life!" Skyler yelled to the ceiling. She stabbed her middle finger in the direction of the reporter. "That man was not innocent! You stupid fat ugly human!" She grabbed a cookie and tossed it at the screen. Kira jumped up and caught it midflight. "My mom is going to freak out. Shit!" I think you need to calm her down before she breaks something I value, Tristan said dryly in my head.
"Skyler," I said, holding back a laugh.
"What?"
I sighed. "Come here." She picked up the now empty plate and tossed it at the TV. Tristan dropped his arm from me, and I mentally reached out and grabbed the plate before it could shatter against the screen. I set it back on the table and scowled at her.
"This is very entertaining," Kira said cheerfully. "Skyler, you want to throw that too?" She pointed to the corner of the living room where a table holding painting supplies was.
"Throw that," Tristan said, amusement in his voice. "Jordana will have your brain for dinner."
"Wait," Skyler said, anger draining from her. "Jordana paints?"
"She does?" Corinne asked. "How long has she been painting?" I swallowed, the pain of Jordana's torturous memories still fresh in my mind. It had been three months since the storytelling, but it might as well had been just hours ago. I looked at Tristan, a faraway look in his eyes.
"She picked it back up about a week ago," Tristan said softly. Corinne, Kira, and Skyler looked at each other, confused. No one knew about Jordana's captivity, no one but me, Sven, Liana, and Tristan. And it was going to stay that way, or until Jordana herself was ready to let others in. Skyler looked at me.
"Are you keeping something from us?" she asked, frowning.
I sighed. "It's not my place to tell."
"Is it that bad?"
Tristan bared his fangs. "Trust me, you don't want to know." She nodded and flipped off the TV, tossing the remote onto the table.
"Are you calm now?" I asked her. "Or do you want to throw something else." She sighed and nodded. "Is that nod for yes you're calm? Or yes you want to throw things?"
She laughed. "I'm fine, but I need to call my mother before she kills me herself." She pulled out her phone and sighed.
"Skyler!" a female voice shrieked on the other end of the line. Skyler jerked the phone away from her ear, tears in her eyes.
"Mom!" Skyler said loudly, rubbing her ear. I smirked, as Tabitha Henlie continued to shriek incoherently into the phone. "Mom!" Skyler repeated, practically shouting. "Let me explain!" She growled, and the shrieking on the other end abruptly cut off. "Oh, if I knew that would work, I'd done it sooner."
"Skyler?" Tabitha asked nervously.
Skyler smirked. "Can you listen now?"
"Yes, I'm putting you on speaker so your father can also hear." Suddenly, Sven appeared in the middle of the living room, Jordana and Liana on either side of him. They stepped back from him and walked to the couch. Sven looked around and frowned. Tristan and I got up and walked over to him. Tristan gestured to the front door. Sven nodded and teleported. I walked to the door and opening it, I stepped into the cool breeze.
"You saw," Sven said to Tristan.
"We did."
"How did Skyler take it?" He glanced at me. "How did you for that matter?"
I shrugged. "Besides trying not to laugh at Skyler outburst? I'm just peachy."
Sven winced. "What did she do?"
"Nothing dramatic," I said, sighing. "She just cursed the reporter, threw a cookie and a plate at the TV." He whistled. "Don't worry," I said. "She didn't break anything."
Sven refocus his attention on Tristan who was staring up at the setting sky. "What are we going to do?"
"You, nothing," Tristan growled. "Cailin and Rebecka are on it." Sven nodded. "How is the witch hunt coming along?" For nine months, Jordana had been tracking them down with no success, and day by day, she was becoming more and more violent.
"Bad," Jordana hissed from behind me. Something whistled past my ear, and Tristan spun around and caught the blade aiming straight for his head. His eyes flashed, but he didn't make a move toward her. Instead, he slowly slipped the blade into his pocket. Jordana stepped off the porch, twirling and tugging at her long blonde hair. "One day," she continued. "One of them is going to slip up. And when that day comes, I'm going to shove my hand up their assholes and yank out their spinal cord." She gave Tristan an icy glare. "And you better not stop me," she snarled. "Or I'll cut out your brain and eat it." Sven actually went paler if that was possible. Tristan looked to Sven and growled low in his throat. "And that is a threat," she yelled, and before I knew what was about to happen, a huge ass block of brick came out of nowhere and struck Tristan on the back of his head. He hit the ground, hard. Sven snarled and leapt for Jordana, who was laughing her ass off. I flashed to Tristan and moved the broken bricks from him. "Ow," he groaned. I winced at the blood and the massive bruise that was rapidly fading as I watched.
"Are you okay?" I asked and prodded the wound.
"I'm fine," he growled.
"What happened?" Kira, Corinne, and Skyler asked, flashing over to us. Tristan rolled onto his back, holding himself up with a hand on the ground.
"Jordana threw a brick at my head. That's what happened," he snarled. "I think I shall kill her."
I reached out and put a hand on his tensed arm. "No," I said slowly. "You won't kill her."
He growled and rubbed the back of his head. "Why?" he hissed.
I smirked and got up, pulling him up with me. "Because, even an asshole like yourself wouldn't do such a thing."
"Besides," said Kira. "Sven is having fun cursing her out in Old Norse."
Tristan looked down at her. "Old Norse?"
"Whatever," she huffed and jumped into his arms. Tristan caught her before she could fall. She reached to the back of his head and poked at the wound.
"You could've asked me to bend down," he said dryly.
She shrugged. "Are you sure you're okay?" She poked his arm. "And you can let me down now." After a very, very long minute of silence, he let Kira down, be it grudgingly. "So, are you?"
He sighed. "I am fine," he growled, enunciating each word.
Kira put up her hands, backing up slowly. "Okay okay," she said and turned, walking back inside. Sven cursed and walked over to us, Jordana struggling like a wild animal in his arms. The air stirred, and Brynna suddenly appeared from nowhere. She fell on her ass, blinking. Cursing, she got to her feet and glared between Tristan and Sven.
"Which one of you pulled me from my hot date?" she snapped.
Tristan chuckled. "Hot date with whom?"
She growled. "Don't make me stab you," she said through gritted teeth.
"Ah," he said with a sigh. "Got it."
"No wait, I'm going to stab you anyways, because it was you that ported me here."
"What are you going to stab me with? I don't see or smell any weapons on you." She snorted, and sank her fangs into his arm. She jerked, releasing him. He closed his eyes and took in a deep breath.
I sighed. "If you bite him again, I'm going to dye your hair brown," I warned. Brynna gasped, her hands flying up to her blonde hair. I smirked, wondering how long she was going to keep her natural hair color this time.
"You wouldn't dare."
"Oh, yeah, bite him again, and we'll find out."
Tristan blew out a breath and pulled me into his arms. "No one is biting anyone," he muttered against my neck. Jordana screeched and slammed her fist into Sven's ear. He snarled as blood trickled down his neck.
"Jordana!" he snapped. "Behave!"
"Hey Jordana," Brynna said cheerfully. "Want to go rogue hunting with me?" Jordana stopped struggling, stopped hissing, and smiled creepily at the huntress.
"Really?" she asked slowly.
"Really."
Jordana patted Sven on the arm and inhaled deeply. "Can I go?" she asked him.
A pained look flashed in his eyes, and he reluctantly let her go. "You don't need to ask," he said softly.
She nodded and walked over to Brynna. "I promise I'll call if something happens."
"I? know." We watched in silence, as Brynna led Jordana down the driveway and onto the streets. Sighing and holding back tears, I rested my head on Tristan's shoulder. He tightened his hold on me and ran his fingers through my hair. "I don't want to lose her again," Sven said and cleared his throat. "If I lose her, Casiar's and Riordan's death magic won't stop me this time." Tristan's hold on me became painful, and I held my breath, waiting, a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach.
"What are you trying to say?" Tristan whispered.
"Nothing," Sven muttered. "Forget I said anything."
Tristan slowly released me, and I stepped back from him. "We're going to have this talk," he said softly and glanced up at the night sky. "For now, you have several hours of reprieve." I looked between the two of them and winced.
Sven blew out a sharp breath and nodded. "You're not in my thoughts for once?" Tristan gave him a hard stare, and then he grimaced, putting up his hands and shaking his head vigorously.
"What?" I asked and looked to a smirking Sven.
"Nothing," he said and laughed. "Nothing at all." Liana stepped outside and scowled. This only made him laugh harder.
"Do I want to know?" I asked, glancing back at Tristan who was rubbing his eyes and glaring daggers at Sven.
Sven took in a deep breath and shook his head. "Not if you want to have nightmares for the rest of eternity." Tristan growled, and Sven vanished just as a tiny lightning bolt struck the ground where he was standing. Liana gasped and stared at the tiny scorch mark. "Okay, okay I'm sorry," Sven said from several feet away. "I'm sorry." He walked back to us and pulled Liana into his arms. "But you have to admit, you knew that was coming." Tristan sighed. I shook my head and put my arms around him. He groaned and nuzzled my neck, his hand going into my pocket.
"What are you doing?" I asked suspiciously.
"Let me borrow this for a second," he said and pulled out my dart gun. Before I could do anything, he aimed and fired it at Sven. This time, he wasn't fast enough to get out of the way. He cursed and jerked the dart from his neck a split second before he doubled over, groaning.
"You are cruel," I said and took my gun back and shoved it in my pocket.
"It's way less painful than a lightning bolt."
"Tristan!" Liana exclaimed. My lips twitched as she mentally smacked him upside the head. "You are so mean," she said, punctuating each word with a blow. The last shoved him forward, and I yelped as I fell backward. Tristan flipped us over and grunted as his back slammed into the ground. I pushed myself up with my hands flat on his chest. I looked over to Liana and Sven.
"You okay Sven?" I asked.
He nodded. "I'm okay," he said, taking Liana's hand into his own. He gave Tristan a smug smile.
Tristan sat up, holding me tightly against him. "I'm glad I made your day," he drawled. They came over to us. Sven pulled us up and punched Tristan lightly on the arm.
"Seriously, I'm sorry, but I had to get you out of my head."
"This was not the first time?" Liana spluttered.
Sven smirked and ran his fingers through her hair. "No, though it has been centuries since he tried to kill me with a lightning bolt."
"What a dysfunctional family we are," I muttered.
Sven snorted. "Ask him about the year 1969."
"OH, I will," I said, giving Tristan an evil smile which didn't faze him one bit.
"Speaking of family," Tristan said dryly. "I have one I need to pay a visit to."
"Who?" we asked simultaneously.
"The lovely officer who tried to shoot us."
"Bridget?" I spluttered.
"Yes."
"Who is she?" Sven asked.
"She," Tristan said quietly. "Is my great times a billion, great granddaughter."


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

LORENA

"Have you come to kill the humans?" Violet asked in a low tone.
I turned to the irritating huntress and gave her an annoyed look. "How many times have you asked that over the years?"
"Many times," she hissed.
"If you ask that one more time, I'm going to stab you in your sleep," I snarled. "And if you think I'm fucking around, you better think twice. And for the record, I don't give a fuck who your sire is."
Violet glared at me. "I swear," she said through gritted teeth. "One day, I'm going to show you what I can do with my death magic," she hissed.
"One day," I said softly. "I'm going to show you the definition of that so call death magic. I'm going to shoot fire up your asshole so hard that it spews from your nose." She snarled and threw a blade at me. I ducked and caught it. Before I could throw it back at her, the danger-danger aura of a very, very, very powerful vampire swept over us, freezing us in place. Violet's eyes widened, and she looked around nervously. I looked around as well, but I couldn't see anything beyond the shadows. Tristan Tronis, a vampire I hadn't seen for more than nine hundred years, stepped under a street lamp, his gaze slowly turning and looking directly at us. His eyes bored into mine, and I nearly swallowed my own tongue when I saw that his eyes weren't black, but white ringed with red. In front of me and a little to my left, Violet let out a gasp. She jerked her blade from my hand and sheathed it. She quickly stepped to my side as Tristan slowly made his way over to us. He stopped directly in front of me and inclined his head, studying me. "You've changed," I whispered after a very long awkward pause.
"And you have not," he growled softly. His gaze went to Violet, and she shifted nervously beside me. "Violet," he said, drawing out her name. "Does your sire know you're in town?"
She took in a deep breath and shook her head. "I'll go see him now."
He smiled, revealing two sets of fangs. "Give Casiar my regards," he said dryly. She nodded and quickly disappeared into the night. Tristan's hands came down on my shoulders before I could move away from him.
"It's true," I said softly. "The power transfer. Did it? hurt?" I asked, the pounding of my own heart loud in my ears. He stepped closer, forcing me to tilt my head back to look at him.
"It did," he whispered and nuzzled my neck. I stiffened. He held me in an unbreakable hold and inhaled deeply. "It has been too long, dearest Lorena," he growled against my neck. His cold hand cupped the back of my neck, and I sucked in a sharp breath as his tongue licked slowly over my carotid artery. He moved me deeper into the shadows. I didn't bother trying to push him away. For one, it was no use.
"You haven't fed," I said and squeezed his arm. He let out a breath, and I shuddered. I gasped as he sank his fangs deep into my neck. My hand convulsed on his arm, and I hissed in pain as he pulled fast and hard. He growled in pleasure, and I cursed at him as he sucked harder. A squeak escaped me as his hold became painful. I dug my fingers into his arm as my own hunger grew. "Tristan," I hissed. "Stop." I gritted my teeth and wondered if he was going to drain me. His whole body stiffened, and with an angry snarl, he jerked his fangs from my neck and cold wind blasted me as he propelled himself away. He squeezed his eyes shut, his harsh breathing the only sound around us. I slowly raised my hand to my burning, still bleeding neck. I grimaced at the torn flesh. Still, I applied pressure, painful as it was. I took a step toward him and cursed when I couldn't go any further.
"Don't," he snarled. I pulled my hand and licked the blood from my fingers. Tristan's breathing evened out somewhat, and he flashed to me. He put a hand on my shoulder and leaning in, he licked at the bite wound. He straightened and drew in a deep breath. A few seconds later I gaped, as a redheaded vampire appeared from nowhere.
"Ari?" I spluttered.
"Yes?" she said, and blinked. "Lorena?" she breathed. I stepped closer to her and leaned in. She stiffened. "What are you doing?" she asked as I inhaled deeply.
I straightened. "You're with Tristan?"
She nodded. "Sometimes, I hate bonding scent," she muttered.
I smirked. "It keeps homicidal rapists away from you. If it didn't and something happens to you, Tristan will go nuclear on the world, and I'm sure none of us wants that," I said and briefly hugged her. "How have you been? Last I saw you, you were still a fledgling."
Ari laughed. "I'm good, been busy kicking misbehaving vampire asses."
"You mean killing them," Tristan said dryly, slipping on his sunglasses.
"Kicking, killing, same thing."
"Not really." He put a hand on me and squeeze lightly.
"Will she be coming with us?"
"Yes," Tristan said, and everything went dark.
I muttered as we appeared a few yards away from a house. Before I could ask what we were doing here, Tristan once again teleported, appearing in front of the door. He reached out and pressed the doorbell. A moment later, the door opened to reveal a tall slender figure with waist-length blonde hair, and piercing blue eyes. "Astrid?" another female called from inside the house. "Who's at the door?" I glanced at Tristan questioningly. He remained silent and impassive.
"Can I help you?" Astrid asked hesitantly. Before either of us could answer, Astrid twin came up behind her and froze. Astrid slowly turned her head to look back at her sister. "What is it, Bridget?" she asked, concern in her voice. Bridget stared at Tristan and Ari for a very long time.
"No," Tristan said, smirking. "I can come in whenever I like. You, my dear, watch way too many movies."
Bridget gulped and took a step back. "Let them in, Astrid."
"Who are they?"
"Just let them in." Astrid stood her ground and scowled at all of us. Bridget tugged at her sister's arm, but she didn't budge, until Tristan removed his sunglasses and looked Astrid in the eye. Her expression went blank.
"Let us in," he said quietly.
"Sure, come in," Astrid said tonelessly, stepping aside and opening the door wider. Tristan slipped his sunglasses back on and stepped over the threshold, Ari and I following behind him. The door slammed shut on its own as we came to a stop before the living room. "What the hell?" Astrid growled. "I didn't invite you in," she snapped.
"You did," Bridget said hollowly. Tristan stiffened and looked at me. Before I could even blink, my world went black.
I didn't have time to recover before instincts took over. I unsheathed a blade and drove it into a rogue's side. You could've warned me, I silently snapped at Tristan before yanking the rogue's head back and sinking my fangs deep into her neck, quickly draining her. I withdrew and decapitated her. My apologies, Tristan said dryly in my head. I mentally growled at him. Straightening, I looked around. A mob of rogues were attacking a fledgling. I growled and saw red. Save her, Tristan's deep voice rippled through my mind. Save your sister. Sister? I silently gasped. Oh, hell fucking no, they were not going to kill my sister. I snarled and leapt for the nearest rogue to me. "Hands off, bitch!" I snarled. "She's mine!" I flipped her over my head, spinning around and driving my hand through her chest and tearing out her heart. Her lifeless body didn't even hit the ground before I went for the third rogue. I grabbed him around the throat, pulling him off the furious, snarling blonde vampire. She gave me a grateful look before tackling the fourth rogue to the ground. I dug my fingers into the one I was choking and ripped his head off. I laughed as the last rogue standing made a run for it. I let go of the body, and before I could go after the fleeing asshole, a pale hand shot out and grabbed hold of the rogue's shirt.
"Not so fast," a hypnotic female voice said eerily into the night. I watched, as Jailyn stepped closer to the rogue and whispered something in his ear. She straightened and looked around. "You know what I really hate?" she asked no one in particular. She grabbed hold of the rogue's jaw and smiled. "I really hate it, when someone, like this sack of shit picks on a fledgling. Don't you know how to pick on someone your own size?" Her free hand was a blur, as she wrapped it around his throat and squeezed. She let go, and he sucked in air like it was the best thing on earth. "Oh no, none of that now." She leaned in, and he struggled against an invisible rope as she forced open his mouth. "You see, you caught me in a very bad mood," she growled and closed her mouth on his. She inhaled deeply, and the rogue was dead in matter of seconds. Jailyn sighed and punched her hand into his chest, yanking out his heart. She dropped the lifeless, soulless body and tilted her head back, squeezing the heart and letting blood poured down her throat. Squeezing the last drop, she stuck the organ in her mouth whole and started chewing.
"Ewww," the fledgling on the ground said, groaning. "That is disgusting." Swallowing, Jailyn looked at her and smirked.
"It's delicious, you should try it sometime." The fledgling made a face as Jailyn walked over to her and bent. "Are you all right?" she asked, and I shifted nervously as her gaze landed on me. "Lorena," she said. "Violet told us you were in town as well." I nodded. Jailyn gestured to the fledgling. "This is Kira. Kira, that is Lorena," she continued, nodding to me.
"Nice to meet you," Kira said cheerfully. "If I weren't in pain, I'd hug you." I laughed and held out my hand to her. She took it, and I pulled her to her feet. "I," Kira said through gritted teeth, moving away from me. "I really hate rogues."
Jailyn chuckled. "You realize your sire used to be one, right?" she asked dryly.
"He still is," Kira and I said in unison.
"He's an inch away from becoming rogue again himself," I continued.
Jailyn grimaced. "Okay," she said, sighing. "Point taken."
I glanced at Kira's chest wounds and scowled. "Come here."
She looked at me nervously. "Why?" she asked suspiciously.
I flashed the short distance to her and stopped before I impaled myself on her blade. I smiled. "You can put that away, I only want to heal you." I ripped open my wrist and pressed it to her mouth. "Besides, my two-thousand-year-old blood is awesome when it comes to healing." Her eyes widened before she sank her fangs in deep and pulled hard. After a few more seconds, I pulled my wrist from her mouth and licked it close.
"You're two thousand years old?" Kira asked, licking the blood off her lips.
"Two thousand three hundred seventeen to be precise."
"Wow." Before I could nod, I doubled over, gasping. "Lorena," Kira said in a panicked tone. "What's wrong?"
"Shit," I wheezed and hit the ground.
"What is wrong with her?" I groaned and squeezed my eyes shut as the sharp stabbing pain in my stomach grew. Jailyn lifted me into her arms as I broke out in a cold sweat. "Jailyn?"
"She will be fine," Jailyn assured the fledgling. Right, fine my ass. She smoothed my blonde hair from my forehead and sighed. "You didn't drink Tristan's blood today, did you?" I couldn't even answer her. I was too busy trying not to scream my head off.
"What?" Kira asked in confusion.
"Go on home, Kira."
"But."
"I'll explain everything when I get back. I give you my word." Grumbling under her breath, I felt her moving away from us. Jailyn held me tighter and teleported.
"Oh, god," I moaned as tears threatened to spill. "I am a freak of nature. I Swear." Jailyn set me down on something soft, and I curled into myself. "I swear I'm in labor," I groaned, panting.
"What?" Violet asked from nearby.
"Shove it, necromancer."
"Hey!" she exclaimed. "Excuse me if I'm a little curious. Now what is this about being in labor?"
"Fuck you!" I shrieked.
"Is it a boy or a girl?" Violet continued. "A hermaphrodite?"
"Violet, that is enough," Casiar growled. "Did you contact him?" he asked someone. I forced my eyes to open just as another stab of pain hit me. I rolled off the couch and cursed.
"I did," said Jailyn. Someone rolled me onto my back, and I found myself staring into Casiar's unblinking eyes.
"She's burning up," he said to Jailyn.
"Oh," I gasped. Shit, it felt like having the flu with the added bonus of tremendous stomach cramps. "How lovely. You want to stick a thermometer in my mouth and ass to check my temperature too?"
"Yes," he said dryly. "I'll just go ahead and do that." He muttered something under his breath. "Did Tristan forget to bring his blood to you?"
"No," I moaned. "I just fucking forgot to bring it with me, and I'm currently bitch-slapping myself for it." He nodded and straightened as Tristan appeared behind him.
"About time," he drawled, stepping aside. Tristan pulled me up and dropped onto the couch. I turned in his arms and buried my face in his neck, groaning. Putting my arms around him, I sank my fangs into his neck. His hand went to the back of my head and held it firm as I arched against him. His hold tightened around me as I continued to drink deeply. After a few seconds, the pain slowly dissipated, and I could actually enjoy the feeding.
"That is enough, sweetheart," he whispered. I reluctantly pulled away, still breathing heavily. I rubbed my eyes and blew out a sharp breath.
"Never again," I said. "Never again." I snuggled into him and sighed. "Freak of nature," I muttered.
"Aren't we all?" he asked in amusement. He pulled back slightly, and I straightened in his lap. Two bottles full of what I knew to be his own blood appeared in his hand, and I took them from him.
"Thanks," I said, sliding to sit beside him. "Did you get these from my refrigerator?"
He nodded. "Yes, and you're quite welcome. Now, you're not going to forget again, are you?"
I shook my head. "Hell no."
He smirked. "But while you're in town, you can come to me instead of me teleporting bottles to you."
I nodded. "I'll do that."
He grunted and glanced at my clothes. "You realize you have blood on you, yes?" I looked down at myself and grimaced. "I'm sure Jailyn and Casiar will allow you to use their bathroom to wash up."
"Heh," Violet snorted.
I looked at her. She was doing something on her iPhone. "What are you doing?"
"What does it look like I'm doing?"
I shrugged. "Do I want to know?"
"I'm watching porn, if you must know," she said dryly.
"Oh," I said, trying very hard not to laugh. "Okay then. Mind if I ask what kind?"
"Bestiality."
"Kinky."
"Indeed." She sighed and held her phone up so I could see that she was playing some kind of a maze game. This time, I burst out laughing. I got up and walked to the bathroom, the cold bottles of blood disappearing from my hands. "I know you weren't watching porn, idiot," I said, glancing at Casiar who had the two pints of blood and was walking into the kitchen. I yelped as something pricked my neck. I spun around and caught the pen. "What the hell was that for?" I asked and threw it back at her. She caught it and shrugged.
"You know I like to mess with you."
"Fuck off," I said, flipping her off. Tristan, the only one in the living room, sighed miserably.
"Girls," Jailyn growled from the kitchen. "For once in your life, behave." I stepped in the bathroom and looking back at Violet, I smirked and slammed the door.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

JUDE

"You know," I drawled, staring through the bulletproof glass at Trynnadon. Wearing all black, he stood a foot away from the counter, his eyes not missing a thing. "We have an insane vampire in the building." I smirked. "Thought I should warn you, so you don't take off her head."
"I'll? keep that in mind," he said dryly.
I set my pen down and looked at him more seriously. "So, what's up?"
"I'm just here to visit," he said conversationally.
"Really?" I asked. He shrugged. I mentally reached out and pulled him to the counter, holding him against it. He grunted and glared at me, and he was smart enough not to fight against my hold. "Is that why you're really here?"
He growled and bared his fangs at me. "I killed a rogue," he said quietly. "But I didn't get there in time to save the werepup," he hissed.
"Where? I asked slowly and released him. He immediately flashed several feet away and shoved his hands into his pockets.
"By the water station, the one near here."
"Did you dispose of the bodies?"
"Donnica and James are there keeping watch."
I hit the intercom button, and an irritated Brynna snapped, "What?"
"Glad to hear your voice," I said in amusement.
"Fuck off, Jude," she snarled.
"What sharp pointy object crawled up your ass?" She screeched, and I winced as I heard something shattering in the background.
"Oh," a cheerful female voice sang. "You made her mad."
"Well, hello to you too, Jordana."
"Jude, Jude, Jude," she said under her breath.
I ignored her and glanced at Trynnadon, who gave me a, get-on-with-it look. "Brynna, a werewolf was killed just minutes ago."
"Puppy?" Jordana asked.
"Where?" Brynna snarled.
"Near the water station not far from here."
"On it," she growled and clicked off.
"She sounds very? enthusiastic," Trynnadon said, smirking. I sighed and was going to say something else when the outside double doors opened, and Elijah entered. He stopped and eyed Trynnadon curiously. Trynnadon stiffened, but didn't move.
"Elijah," I said in greeting.
"Jude," Elijah growled, his nostrils flaring. The lounge's door crashed open, and Jordana, Brynna right behind her, stormed out. I quickly sidestepped and dodged Jordana's grab for me. Brynna made her way outside as I continued to dodge Jordana. Sven appeared out of thin air and plucked her off the ground, literally. He was hovering about a hundred feet in the air.
"Thanks," I muttered. "I didn't want to strangle your daughter and all," I said dryly. Sven sighed and disappeared into the lounge. I looked back at Elijah. His eyes met mine, and I quickly averted my gaze. "You here to relieve me of my desk duty?"
He shrugged. "I need you elsewhere."
"Who will take over?"
"I will," a female voice said from the doorway. I nodded to the human, briefly slipping into her head as she strode forward and pushed the left door open, stopping beside me.
"Andria," I said and held out my hand. She nervously took it and briefly shook it. "I'm Jude. It's nice to meet you, human."
"It's nice to meet you too, Jude." I gave her a small smile and teleported from behind the counter. She shuddered and pulling a chair over, she slowly sat down. Elijah stepped to the counter and set down what looked like a water gun, but I knew water didn't come out when you shoot it. Andria eyed the gun with a frown.
"Look at me," Elijah said, pulling the gun out of her reach.
"No," she said and lowered her eyes to the countertop. "You're going to compel me."
"I'll say it again," he said, his eyes narrowing. "Look at me." Andria took in a deep breath and raised her eyes to his. She was under in a heartbeat, her expression going blank. Elijah tapped the gun, and her eyes fell to it. "This gun doesn't contain harmless water. It contains liquid bullets, and when it is fired and makes contact, it will burn like acid. A bullet to a human is instantaneous death. To a vampire, it is a slow, agonizing death. Do you understand?"
"I understand," she said in a monotone.
"You will not go for this gun, unless you know for sure that your life is in danger. This is used to defend yourself from vampires only, got it?"
"Yes."
Elijah looked at her for a long time, before sliding the gun under the thick glass. "Take it, and keep it out of sight." She nodded, and then blinked rapidly, shaking her head. Before she could snap back fully, Elijah put a hand on my shoulder, waved to Trynnadon, and teleported.
We appeared in the shadows of an alleyway, next to a dumpster-the sun just breaking over the horizon. A second later, Ari appeared in front of us, looking very annoyed. "I take it that it didn't go well?" Elijah asked.
She shrugged. "Tristan says he'll give it another go. If she thinks she's still in dreamland, He'll wipe her memory."
Elijah nodded. "And what of Lorena?"
"She's fine." Elijah was about to say something else, when a group of nine rogues turned into the alley, dragging several struggling humans after them. A cold, suffocating darkness closed over me, and I silently growled. Elijah pressed a finger to my temple-a jolt shooting through my skull, and I could suddenly see through the thick shadows. Is this why you wanted me here? I silently asked him. Partly, he silently growled. Go and capture one of them. Corinne will take care of the humans. Not a second sooner, I caught a flash of her as she slipped into the darkness. The shadow within shadow dropped from me, and I unsheathed a blade and took out several throwing knives. I looked around and couldn't see either Ari or Elijah, but the light tingling feeling setting off all my senses, told me that they were still here. As Corinne appeared from thin air, I let loose my knives. One after another, they hit the rogues dead-on. Instantly, they hit the ground, paralyzed. And judging from the agonized look in their eyes, they were also in extreme pain. I walked over to them and smirked.
"You're probably wondering how you are unable to move a muscle," I drawled, kicking one onto her back. One of my palms tingled, and a white frost of ice zipped from my hand and into her parted mouth. "You ever wonder what it's like to be frozen from the inside out?" After sending the last human away, Corinne came to stand beside me, watching in interest. She pointed to one of the rogues who had a knife buried to the hilt in his upper arm. She looked up at me, inclining her head. "It's enchanted," I said to her.
"Oh," she said in surprise. "Death magic?"
I shook my head. "Witch magic."
"Oh," she said again. "Can I get a set of those?"
I smirked. "Ask your sire."
She stared at me. "You're kidding me."
"No," I said dryly. "Council's approval." I glanced at another rogue and smiled at the panicked look in his eyes.
Sighing, Corinne followed my gaze and laughed. "Jude," she said accusingly. "You scared him." She pulled out a small handgun, pointed it at his head, and fired. I pulled out the knife and watched as he silently writhed and screamed in agony as the acid bullet slowly killed him. In matter of seconds, the rogue was nothing but a puddle of goo.
"Do you have a license to carry that?" I asked incredulously. I coughed when she remained silent. "I'll take that as a no." I calmly walked to each rogue and decapitated their heads from their shoulders, leaving only one alive. Corinne pointed her gun at him, and I teleported to her side, pushing her hand upward until the gun was pointed toward the sky.
"Hey!" she exclaimed.
"Elijah wants one alive."
"Oh," she grumbled and moved her finger from the trigger. A pale hand flashed from the shadows and yanked it out of her hand. She yelped and took a step back as Elijah dropped the darkness concealing Ari. She stepped closer to the rogue and crouched over him. She yanked my knife from the rogue's chest and handed it back to me without taking her eyes from him. I wiped the blood off and sheathed both blades. Ari stiffened, and then moved in a blur, grabbing Corinne's wrist before she could touch my enchanted weapon. She gasped and backed into Ari. "What was that for?"
"Touch it, not only will you be paralyzed, you'll also be in pain," she said dryly. Corinne jerked her wrist away, yelping and flashing to Elijah, who hung back in the shadows, silently watching. Smirking, I gathered up the rest of my knives and shoved them into my various pockets. The rogue tried to move unnoticeable, but? it was hopeless. Ari stomped on his leg and kept her foot there, preventing the bones from correctly fusing back together. The rogue screamed-a wild panicked look in his eyes. "Going somewhere?" Ari asked sweetly.
"What did I do?" the rogue gasped. "I've done nothing wrong. I swear."
"I swear," Elijah said thoughtfully. "I swear," he repeated. He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Do you swear you have nothing to do with the death of a werewolf?"
"Werewolf? What werewolf?"
Elijah stepped from the shadows and gestured for Ari to move. She huffed and flashed to Corinne's side. "Get up," Elijah growled. "Now."
"With a broken leg? You're not serious."
"Oh, I am. I said get up." The rogue struggled to his feet and hopping over to a wall, he leaned on the dirty brick, panting. "Now then, be truthful. Were you involved with the killing of a werewolf not long ago?"
"Maybe," the rogue growled.
"I'll take that as a yes," Elijah said, and the rogue screamed, doubling over and falling on his face.
"Elijah," said Ari. "Don't you know how to be gentle with the mind reading?" He shrugged, and pulling out the deadly silver blade all member of the Vampiric Council carried, he decapitated the rogue.
"Don't you know how to stomp on someone without hurting them?" he asked dryly and set both head and body on fire.
"That's not the same."
He smirked. "Hmm, I beg to differ."
"I'm going to have a look around," I said. Nodding to Ari, I launched myself into the sky. So quick to escape us? Elijah asked dryly in my head. I only want to get away from you, I silently told him. He chuckled. In that case, I'd like you to keep an eye out for rogue witches in town. "You got it," I said to empty sky. I felt Elijah leaving my head, and I sighed in relief as I dove for the woods behind an apartment complex. Noting the fact that there was a guard guarding the door, I landed in a silent crouch and straightened, slowly turning around as I felt the presence of a vampire. The branches in front of me swayed dangerously as that vampire, Elena shifted her weight. "If that tree comes crashing down, I hope you won't be the one trapped under it." She shrugged. "Come down from there." Elena dropped from the tree and looked around herself nervously. "What are you doing here?" I asked.
"Who are you?" she asked.
I frowned at her, and then it dawned on me that she didn't know who I was. I mentally smacked myself. "Forgive me," I said, holding out my hand to her. "I am Jude."
She took my outstretched hand and briefly shook it. "I'm Elena. You must be a hunter."
I arched an eyebrow at her. "What makes you think that?"
She shrugged. "You look the type."
"How charming," I drawled.
"So, are you?"
"What if I said that I was?
She frowned. "You don't look like a rogue, and you don't smell like one," she said thoughtfully.
I chuckled. "Glad to hear that." She once again looked around, and I followed her move-my eyes scanning the woods. Sensing rogues in the complex myself; I gave Elena props for being a little nervous and not making a run for the nearest known hunter in town. I did not want to deal with human authorities if say, a massacre was to happen. Not answering her question, I turned my attention back on her. "What were you doing?" I asked suspiciously.
She shrugged. "Spying on rogues."
"Why?" I asked slowly.
"I'm bored."
"You're?. bored," I said dryly. I pointed to the apartment complex. "Do you sense any rogues in there?" She nodded. "How many?"
She frowned in thought. "Two."
I nodded. "And how many humans?"
"About fifteen."
"Do you know what apartment they are in?" She nodded. "Then lead the way." She gave me a weary look before nodding and stalking from the woods.
Elena led me to the front of the complex, where a male human was standing guard in front of the door. The guard straightened in his chair as we stopped before him. "Can I help you?" he asked.
"Yes," Elena said and looked him in the eyes. "Please, I'm just a little curious, but why is there a guard here?" she asked as his eyes glazed over.
"I was told not to let anyone enter the building," he said in a monotone.
"May I ask why?"
"I don't know." Elena looked at me, frowning.
"Release him and let's go inside," I said.
She nodded and turned back to the human. "Sir, you'll open the door and let us through, and you won't remember seeing anyone stopping by."
He nodded. "No one stopped by," he said and opened the door.
We entered the dark dingy building and stopped before a stair heading up to the second floor. Elena inhaled deeply and went up the steps. She led me down the hall and to the last apartment on the left. I stepped into the shadow of the hall and watched as Elena knocked and waited impatiently. A minute later, the door was slowly opened by a human female. I winced and gritted my teeth against the scent of blood coming from her. "Can I help you?" the human asked weakly. Ignore the nicety and get us inside, I silently growled to Elena.
"May we come in?" Elena asked the human, rolling her.
"Yes, you may. Come right on in."
Elena smiled. "Thank you," she said and entered. I followed her inside and closed the door behind me. I didn't even get a chance to say hey, because the moment they saw me, the two rogues launched themselves at the window.
"Hey, wait a second," I said and teleported between them and the window. "We didn't get a chance to know each other." I hissed in pain as one of the rogues threw his knife at me. It buried itself in my side, and I grimaced, pulling it out. I sighed. "That wasn't very nice, you know," I said conversationally as blood dripped to the carpet.
"Hunter," one of the rogues hissed.
"I have just one question, gentlemen, if you don't mind answering?" Guarding the door, Elena gave me a WTF look. I smirked and twirled the bloody knife in my hand. "If you answer truthfully, I'll let you go free. If you lie, well? I think we all know what will happen."
"What question?"
I pointed the knife in the direction of the human. "What were you two planning to do with her?"
"We were planning to drain her," the second rogue snarled. "Slowly."
I smirked. "I thought I have to wrestle the truth from you guys, but I guess not."
"You can leave now," the first one hissed.
"Oh, I intend to," I reassured them. "But there's a problem."
"What problem?"
"This," I said and drove the knife into his chest, simultaneously grabbing the other rogue by the throat and jerking him to me. Elena finished off the one I stabbed as I tightened my hold on the second rogue.
"I thought you were going to let us go free," he choked out.
"Oh, don't be stupid. You're a rogue. I'm a hunter. Rogue and hunter don't get along, trust me. I swear, you rogues have no brains whatsoever," I said and tore off his head before he could even blink. I dropped the body and beckoned Elena to me. Her android phone pressed to her ear, she walked over to me and took my hand. I waited for her to end the call with the cleanup crew, and then I teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

JORDANA

Dana, sweetheart. I slowly lifted my head at the sound of Tristan's mental voice in my mind. Sensing him standing outside, I looked toward the door and scowled. Shaking my head, I got up and flashed to the door, opening it. "Hi," I said cheerfully to a starved looking Tristan. "What can I do for you?"
He gave me a chilling smile, and I forced myself not to take a step back. "Can't I come for a visit, my dear?"
"No," I said slowly. "You're never here just to visit. You're always here on business."
"True enough, but this time, I'm not here on business," he said and opened the screen door. "May I come in? The daylight is still very much painful."
I looked him up and down and couldn't see any redness to his skin. "You're not burning or anything," I said and stepped back for him to enter.
"Oh, I can assure you that I don't have to look blistered to be in pain," he said dryly, stepping inside and closing the door behind him.
"What about light?" I asked and pointed to the light bulb over his head.
He chuckled. "Light is fine. It's only sunlight," he said, removing his sunglasses and pocketing them.
I quickly looked away before he could unintentionally compel me. I frowned. "Can I kill that witch for you?" I asked, glaring at the metal band around his left wrist. "And I know a witch made that. I can feel the magic." And just like that, my world wavered, and I found myself back in the nineteenth century-remembering the kidnapping, the circle of witches, the necromancers, the chains, the shackles, the collar, everything. It always came over me in a rush. No matter where I was, or what I was doing. It was like a demanding tide, determined to sweep me under and never letting me break free of its deadly grasp. The sudden dizziness that washed over me snapped reality back into focus. I found myself flat on the floor and relentlessly beating the shit out of Tristan's arm. I stopped my assault and stared at the lovely purplish bruises as they fade before my very eyes. I groaned and repeatedly smacked my forehead with my palm. Tristan's cold fingers closed around my wrist, effortlessly halting me from intentionally giving myself a major headache. "Sorry," I said with a sigh. "I didn't mean to hurt you." He nodded, removing his hand from my shoulder and releasing my wrist. "So," I said, sitting up. "Can I?"
He smiled tightly. "Sweetheart, if I want a witch dead, you will be the first to know. You have my word."
I nodded rapidly. "Good." He got to his feet and held out a hand to me. I took it and was upright in a heartbeat. I yelped at the unnerving tingle that shot up my arm and shuddered.
"Do forgive me," he said softly and let go of my hand.
"Nope, it's all good," I said breathlessly, rubbing my tingling hand on my shirt. His lips twitched in amusement. "Don't you laugh at me," I warned.
He smiled, showing no fangs I knew were extended to their full length. They always were. "I wasn't planning on it. I'd like my head right where it is."
I arched an eyebrow at him. "I have no flying flippin' fuck of what you are talking about," I said sweetly and giggled. I knew exactly what he was talking about, and it wasn't over cotton candy and hotdogs.
"Mmhmm," he drawled and walked into the kitchen. "Oh, what's this?"
"What's what?" I huffed and flashed to the kitchen.
Tristan shoved his hands into his pockets and leaned against the wall, staring pointedly at the shattered glassware all over the floor, and yes, there was a little bit of blood as well. "Did you have another episode you were unaware of? having?"
"I blacked out," I said defensively. "And when I woke up, I found everything smashed to tiny bits."
"Did you shatter the last mirror in the house as well?" he asked dryly.
"Maybe," I said hesitantly. He drew in a slow breath and let it out with a pained groan. I looked him in the eye and smirked. All the red had bled from his eyes, leaving them pure white and filled with intense hunger I found myself blinking stupidly at him.
"Show me," he growled softly. I nodded and flashed from the kitchen, up the stairs, and into a bathroom on the second floor. Putting my back to the wall, I watched as Tristan stepped into the darkened bathroom and sighed heavily at the sight of glittering, bloodied shards of broken mirror. "Mmm, what else did you destroy?" he asked, closing the short distance between us.
I stared at the ceiling, deep in thought. "Nothing," I said. "I think."
"You think?" he asked hoarsely. I nodded. He moved, putting a hand on my shoulder and leading me from the bathroom. My mind wandered as he led me down the stairs and into the living room. He jerked me to a stop, and I stiffened as I caught the scent of fresh blood. Curses spewed from Tristan like there was no tomorrow.
"Sire?" Sven called from the direction of his bedroom. "Jordana?" Tristan's hand tightened painfully on my shoulder, and I winced.
"Out here," I called to him. "I take it your hunting was a success," I said dryly.
"How can you tell?" he asked sarcastically.
"I can smell it from a million miles away." I felt Sven entering the living room. He stopped beside me and groaned.
"Jordana," he said with a sigh.
"What?" I asked and frowned at the slight pain in my head.
Sven rubbed his eyes and muttered something under his breath. "You need a punching bag or something." Tristan slowly unclenched his fingers from my shoulder and took a step back.
"That won't work," I mumbled. "I'll just bust it open and let the stuffing fly all over the place."
Sven sighed. "That is true," he grumbled and walked into the kitchen. I flashed to the couch and dropped heavily onto it. I heard the cling of broken shards rapidly and loudly hitting the trashcan as I let my head hit the wall behind me with a thump. Tristan walked over and dropped on the couch beside me, and I tried very hard not to squirm at his nearness. His head slowly turned to look at me, as if he knew how more uncomfortable it'd make me. Hell, he was probably reading my mind. Teeth gritted, he nodded. I scowled at him. He rolled his eyes, and the pain abruptly vanished.
"Ow?" I said, pouting at him. I sat up straighter and reached for his left wrist. He watched impassively as I studied the magical metal band.
"Jordana," Sven said from a short distance away. "You shouldn't? get that close to him." I rested my elbow on Tristan's thigh and looked at my sire. He sighed. "You're a second from becoming his dinner," he said dryly. Under my fingers, I could feel Tristan's tensed muscles. Before I could move away from him, white light exploded in my head.
"No," I gasped, and then screamed as what felt like spikes being hammered into my skull took me over. Tristan's arms came around me before I could crumple to the floor. My vision darkened, and I could feel hot blood pouring from my eyes. I screamed and writhed, clutching at my head. "It hurts!" I screamed. Another wave of pain hit me, and everything went dark.

SVEN

Red clouded my vision, and rage simmered just beneath the surface. I could barely contain it as Jordana silently writhed in Tristan's arms. Unsheathing a blade, I opened my wrist and offered it to my sire. I need his help, and for that, he had to be at least semi-sane. Tristan let out a feral snarl and closed his mouth over the bleeding wound. I winced as two sets of fangs sank deep into my arm. He pulled fast and hard, and I grunted as my own hunger hit. With the blade still clutched in my other hand, I put it to Tristan's neck. With a furious hiss, he withdrew his fangs and licked close the wound. I sheathed my blade and took a now still, limp form of Jordana from him. "Witches?" I growled. Tristan nodded, a split second before the room went charged. Not a heartbeat sooner, a very startled Brulia was sprawled on the floor before us. I dropped onto the couch beside my sire and scowled at the witch who was still blinking in confusion.
"What the hell?" she finally spluttered. Her confusion cleared, and she sat bolt upright. "What's going on?"
"I believe you can help us with something," Tristan said conversationally.
The witch eyed him suspiciously. "What?" she asked slowly.
He put his hand on Jordana's cheek. "I know for a fact that a spell has been cast on her." Brulia's eyes landed on Jordana, and she yelped. "I want to know what kind."
Brulia got to her feet and cautiously approached us. "How long has she been like this?"
"Two minutes," I said. "Give or take."
Tristan's nostrils flared, and he growled low in his throat. "Why is she burning up?" he asked dangerously.
"It's a spell that boils someone's blood, and at the same time, slowly removes the heart," the witch said-her words blurring together toward the end as Tristan and I growled. She backed away quickly with her hands in the air. "At the last second, her heart along with her brain will explode from her."
"How long?" I asked through gritted teeth.
"It's a slow painful death," she said quickly. "Maybe twelve hours?" She glanced at me. "She shouldn't even be unconscious. She should be screaming and writhing in pain." Under my hands, Jordana's skin gradually became hotter and hotter as seconds past.
"Do you know the counter spell?" I snapped.
"Yes, but I can't do it alone. I have to talk to Davina. She has to be in on it. She's one of the strongest."
"Gather your witches," Tristan growled. "You have half an hour." Brulia squeaked. "An hour at the most."
"Send me back." Not a second after the last word left her mouth; she vanished in a blast of cold wind.
"I have to do something," I said with a frustrated growl, and then grimaced when I felt Liana nearby.
"Go clean her up," Tristan suggested. "I'll let Liana know what's going on. Unless you rather I do it, and you can tell Liana yourself?" I shook my head. He smirked. "You don't trust me?"
I looked at him. "At the moment?" I asked and stared into his white eyes with no hint of red to them. Then again, the scent of Jordana's blood in the air wasn't helping him any. "I trust that you won't kill her, but I don't trust that you won't take a little sip and drain her."
"Fair enough," Tristan said softly and removed his hand from Jordana. "Now go."

JORDANA

Screams assaulted my ears, and I realized a second later that the screams were coming from me. It felt like I was being burned from the inside out. My screams turned into a choke as someone pushed me underwater. I stopped breathing altogether and thrashed violently. I grabbed hold of the wrist and tried to push it away from me. I squeezed my eyes shut and tried desperately to quell the pain. The water wasn't helping any. It only made it worse. In my head, I screamed. My hearing somewhat muffled by the water, I heard crashes and curses as my power exploded from me. Someone pulled me kicking from the water, and the moment my head broke the surface; my eyes flew opened, and I let out an earsplitting shriek. "Help me!" I shrieked. I turned my head and promptly threw up blood, lots of blood. The inside of my stomach felt like someone took a knife to it, methodically peeling away layer by layer of muscles and tissues. I stopped throwing up blood, and my mouth was burning as I stared at the curl of steam rising from the pool of blood on the bathroom floor. The sink beside a tortured-looking Tristan exploded into shards of porcelain, stabbing into his body like it had a mind of its own. He grunted, gritting his teeth as those same shards were forced out of him like bullets. Liana who was holding me, bent until she was partially shielding me from the flying glass. When it was over, she straightened with me still kicking the living shit out of her.
"Fuck. My. Life," Tristan snarled, brushing the remaining glass from his clothes. His entire body jerked, and he grunted-a feral growl escaping from him. I mentally reached out and pulverized the bathroom door. Both Sven and Tristan jumped into the air and hit the ceiling. Liana grunted as the splinters of wood hit her back. Burying her fingers into my hair, she turned my head until I was staring into her pitch-black eyes. She said something, but I couldn't make it out as my world fragmented, and fell away from me.

TRISTAN

I couldn't think straight. I couldn't focus. All I could see, hear, taste, and smell, was the hot fresh scent of blood currently burning a hole through the tiled bathroom floor. I dropped from the ceiling and stepped out into the hall. "Bring her downstairs," I said, barely able to get the words out. I jumped the railing to the ground floor. I landed on all fours and grunted, stiffening every muscle in my body, viciously willing the urge to feed on the nearest human or vampire to me down a notch. When I was sure I wasn't going to launched myself at Sven, Liana, or Jordana, I slowly got to my feet and made my way into the kitchen. I put a hand on the smooth countertop and let rip a snarl as Jordana started up on her screaming. Silently snarling under my breath, I walked into the living room and reached out with my mind to Jordana's. Come with me, sweetheart, I whispered into her mind. It had been three months since I used this particular power, and it had been centuries before that. I simply called it, reality altering. I shielded myself from her pain and thoughts, ripping her out of her current state of mind and into the world she loved. Jordana's screams abruptly cut off, and she blinked in confusion, continuing to writhe in Liana's arms. I stepped closer to them and put my hand under Jordana's scorching chin. I stared deeply into her bloodshot eyes as blood slowly pooled in my palm. "Tell me, sweetheart, where are you?"
"I'm in a stable." In my peripheral vision, I saw Sven blinking at me.
"Who is with you?"
"Stellar," she breathed.
"Do you feel any pain?"
"No." Sven and Liana let out sighs of relief.
"Is this real?" I asked softly. "What you are seeing?"
"It was, but not anymore." I dropped my hand and stepped back. Jordana glanced at Liana and Sven. "I want a horse," she mumbled.
"We'll get you one," Liana said gently. "I promise." I pulled out my phone and checked the time. I glared at the screen. Forty-five minutes had past, and I wanted to kill someone, multiple someone. As if on cue, the phone vibrated in my hand. I answered it with my usual of not saying anything.
"Tristan?" a female voice asked.
I smirked. "Davina," I said, drawing out her name. I flashed from the living room and outside; away from the taunting scent of blood that was driving me insane. I stopped at the gate at the end of the long driveway and leaned on it. "I can't say I'm surprise to hear from you," I continued. "How did you get this number, hmm?"
"One of your precious daughters told Brulia, who by turn told me," said Davina.
"Might I ask which? I'm afraid I have way too many to keep count."
She laughed nervously. "It was Corinne."
I inwardly sighed. "And what did I do to get this call?"
"Counter spell."
"Ah," I said with a sigh. "Tell me you'll do the counter spell."
"What's one less vampire?" she asked. "You can always make more." I could've sworn my blood temperature rose up to two hundred and twelve degrees. My vision narrowed to pinpricks, and it was all I could do not to crush the iPhone in my hand.
"What's one less vampire?" I asked slowly. I ended the call and teleported to Red Rocks, Colorado, to apartment 12 C.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

I knocked on the door and waited. It opened a moment later by an average looking woman with long fiery red hair and sleepy green eyes.
"Can I help you?" she asked.
"Are you Davina's daughter?" I asked, and bonus point on my part that no growl or snarl came out with the question.
Her eyes narrowed. "Yes, I am. Is something wrong with her?"
I smiled tightly. "Oh no, Davina is perfectly fine."
"Carolyn?" a male voice called out. "Who's at the door?" Carolyn frowned at me and took a step back. I looked past her and watched the boyfriend coming up behind her.
"Can we help you?" he asked.
I sighed. "Yes," I said. "Matter of a fact, you can." My hand flashed and grabbed Carolyn by the front of her shirt. She let out a gasp, jumping backward. I let her unintentionally pull me inside. With my other hand, I hit the boyfriend upside the head, hard enough to knock him out cold for a few minutes. "As I was saying," I said and jerked Carolyn to me. "Davina is fine, but you on the other hand, it will all depend on your mother." I wrapped her in my arms and stepped from the apartment, mentally closing and locking the door as I walked down the hall. A spell popped into her head, and I chuckled. "Utter a single syllable of that binding spell, sweetheart, and I'll enjoy draining every drop of that magical blood of yours." I stroke a finger over her carotid. "And there is no point. The binding spell won't hold me for even ten seconds."
"Why are you doing this?" she asked, the taste of fear emanating from her coating the back of my throat. The scent of her blood suddenly hit me, and I realized she bit her tongue to keep from screaming for help. We were now on the stairs, and I had to grab onto the railing from falling. She used my staggering to kick and wriggle free, and my beast, already at the surface, surged up and almost consumed me. I clutched the railing tighter, and it creaked under the pressure of my hand. It was all I could do to not lose it. The dull sound of blood rushing in my ears became a full-blown roar as Carolyn continued to kick and punch me. I let go of the railing and crushed her struggling body against mine. Behind me, the air stirred.
"Careful, brother," Elijah said from behind me. "You don't want to hurt the poor witch quite just yet." In my arms, the witch stilled. Elijah stepped up behind me just as Casiar, Riordan, Violet, and Jailyn all appeared in front of me.
"Oh, shit," Violet said and whistled.
"Give her to me," said Elijah. I tried to say something, but all that came out were growling and snarling. "Where is Ari?" Elijah asked someone. "Did she teleport herself to the North Pole?" He touched my shoulder, and everything went black.
We appeared in my residential home, and Skyler let out a yelp before she jumped to her feet followed by Kira and Corinne. A white ball of fur came at me, but Kira grabbed her before the little dog could impact with me. "Ari!" Kira shouted, and I growled at her. Another spell popped into Carolyn's mind, and I inwardly winced as her brain got scrambled.
"Uh uh ah," Ari said sweetly from beside me. Her eyes narrowed on the witch, and she sniffed gently. She reached out and tapped the witch's hand. I looked down and stared at the ring around her right ring finger. I honed in on the jewelry and felt the slight telltale magic surrounding it. Ari released the witch's mind, and I hesitantly, slowly let go of her, but kept hold of her hand.
"Now, what's this?" I hissed softly.
"Don't!" Carolyn yelled and curled her fingers into a fist.
I looked to Ari. "Did you really have to set her brain back to normal?"
Ari shrugged. "If I didn't, I'd take all the fun from you, and I know how much you love to be an ass." Pale fingers closed over Carolyn's fist, and I looked down to find Skyler staring curiously at the ring. It was a plain silver band, not something noticeable, not unless you were very in tuned with magic.
"That's a compulsion ring," Ari said, resting a hand on top of Skyler's head. "It protects her from us compelling her."
"Does it work for humans too?" Skyler asked, interested. I hid a smile and let go of Carolyn's hand. When no one answered, she looked at Carolyn questioningly. The witch nodded. Skyler too nodded and dropped her hand. A hot plastic bag was pressed into my hand, and I glanced at Kira who let go, forcing me to take hold of the bag or let it burst open on impact with the floor.
"It's AB neg," said Kira. "Your favorite." I grunted and brought the bag of blood to my mouth and punctured it. I quickly drained the bag and crumbled it up. Kira tugged it from my unresisting grip and walked into the kitchen.
"TELA-TUHLEN!" Carolyn shouted, and I hissed as an invisible force sent me flying backward. She spouted out spell after spell until the words blurred together, forcing her to slow slightly. Kira, Skyler, and Corinne whimpered and wheezed, choking as blood poured from their mouths. I snarled and flashed to my feet. Moving in a blur and wincing at Kira and Corinne's mental cries of outrage, I backhanded the witch. She stumbled back, her eyes widening in shock. "What the hell?" Ignoring Elijah and Ari, I yanked the witch to me and teleported.
Davina gasped and jumped from her chair as I appeared in the middle of her office in downtown San Diego. She pointed a finger at me, and before another sound could escape from her lips, I had a blade pressed to Carolyn's throat. They both froze, and I smiled tightly, resisting the urge to bare my fangs. "Either of you so much think about casting a spell, I'll kill every single witch and human in this building." Davina raised her hands into the air, fear radiating off of her. "Good, I believe we didn't finish our conversation over the phone, Davina." She glared at me. "You so casually asked me a question. Do you remember what that question was?" She gulped, but kept silent. "You'd asked me, what's one less vampire? And that I can always make more." In my arms, Carolyn stiffened. "You're right, Davina. I can always make more, but I can say the same for you." I pressed the blade in deeper, until beads of blood appeared on the gleaming carbon steel. Carolyn whimpered, and I tightened my hold on her.
"Stop," Davina said, taking a step my way.
My eyes narrowed on her. "What's one less witch?" I asked mockingly. "You can always make more." I smirked. "Isn't that right?"
"I'll do the counter spell," she blurted. "I'll do it. Just let her go. Please, she is my only child."
"Oh?" I asked. "You will?"
"I'll do it. I give you my word." My head spun, and I gritted my teeth. It was all I could do to focus and remained in the right frame of mind. I released Carolyn, and took a step back from them both.
"Don't even think about breaking your word, Davina. It may not mean a thing to humans and the like, but it is very much binding between you and me. You don't believe what I'm saying, then go ahead and break it. And we'll see how long you can last under the onslaught of debilitating pain."
Davina shuddered and shook her head rapidly. "I'll do it," she whispered. "Just leave my daughter alone."
"Then gather your twelve witches," I said softly, sheathing my blade. "Have Brulia call me once you are ready. You have half an hour," I said and teleported.
Back at home, I immediately flashed to Kira and Corinne. "We're okay," Corinne said before I could ask anything. Ari's hand landed on my shoulder, stopping me from closing in on them.
"They're fine," Ari said gently. "Elijah and I checked them over." I nodded grudgingly and mentally reached out to Kira, Corinne, and Skyler. "Teleporting," she said just as everything went dark. The second we appeared behind Jordana, Sven got to his feet and gave me a questioning look.
"Davina will do the counter spell," I said and put a hand on Jordana. I cursed as her skin burned me. She wasn't hot enough to set the couch on fire, but it was hot enough.
"What is wrong with her?" Skyler asked. Ari moved away from me and pulled her childe aside, speaking softly to her. I moved around the couch until I was in front of Jordana. I smirked at the unfocused look in her eyes. I put my hand under her chin and tilted her head until she was looking up at me. I slipped into her mind and gently released her.
"No," Jordana moaned. She sucked in a sharp breath and groaned, trying very hard not to scream. "It hurts," she wheezed and arched into Liana. "Make it stop." I stared deep into her eyes and rolled her.
"You feel fine. You feel no pain."
"I feel no pain," she said tonelessly. In my pocket, my phone vibrated. I pulled it out and scowled at the text from Brulia. 'We're ready' I mentally reached out, following my mental path to the witch and grabbed hold of her. I quickly slipped into her head, taking note that they were all holding hands, making it easier on me. Grunting, I teleported thirteen witches.
"Incoming," I said, a split second before they all appeared in the center of the living room. I released Jordana and turned to them. "That was quick," I drawled. "Not even fifteen minutes had past."
"I had them on standby," said Davina. "Just in case." A feral snarl came from behind me, and I reached back, holding Jordana firmly against Liana.
"Let me kill them," Jordana hissed.
"How long will this take?" I asked as Liana attempt to calm Jordana down.
"It shouldn't take long," said Davina. "Two minutes," she continued when I didn't look away from her. "Five minutes at the longest."
"Very well," I said calmly. I walked over to Ari and pulled her into my embrace. I nuzzled her neck and sighed. "Keep an eye on them for me?" I asked, low enough for only her to hear.
She put her arms around me and laughed softly in my ear. "You can count on me. I won't let anything happened to Jordana." She pulled back slightly and looked into my eyes. "You're going hunting?" I gave her the barest of a nod. She kissed me, and I inwardly groaned at the sudden flare of lust. All too soon, she broke the kiss and stepped from my embrace. Go, she said into my head. I'll kill any witch who even thinks about casting a harmful spell.
"Tristan," said Davina. I looked over at the witch. "You have to release her from your compulsion."
"Is that necessary?" I asked. To Davina's right, Brulia nodded. I sighed and preparing for the screams that was about to come, I released Jordana from my compulsion. Before Jordana's scream could reach a crescendo, I gave Ari a quick peck on the cheek and teleported.
Appearing in an alley not far from the water station where a shape shifter was killed, I glanced around. Inhaling the stink of weeks old trash, I exited the alley onto a street, crossing it onto the sidewalk. After casually strolling down the sidewalk and crossing streets for about ten minutes, I came to an abrupt stop. Sniffing the air, I stepped into the shadows as the strong scent of shifters filled my nose, and it wasn't a scent I recognized. A moment later, two shifters came into my line of sight. I cloaked my presence from them and silently watched them as they spoke softly to each other. "No," the one that smelled strongly like a bird hissed. "We're in the heart of the Vampiric Council. Everybody knows that."
"It's called being discrete," the one that smelled strongly like a wolf growled. "And you know how Shae gets when we don't follow her orders." Shae, I silently snarled. Oh, the next time that bitch and I cross paths, I was going to rip her furry head from her shoulders and enjoy every second of it.
"Fuck her orders, I won't become the Council's lunch." Mmm, I thought. That one is smart, smart indeed. The other one however?
"Then it's your death sentence," the wolf hissed. They came to an abrupt stop a few feet from me. The wolf tilted his head and sniffed the air. "We're not alone."
"I told you," the bird hissed. Damn, I thought. Oh well, looks like I was having shifter for a late night dinner. I inwardly sighed and still cloaking myself, I stepped from the shadows. The wolf moved into a crouch and snarled at me.
"Not very intimidating, wolf," I growled.
"What are you doing out here alone, fledgling?"
"That's not a fledgling," the bird hissed.
"How do you know?" wolf growled.
"I've seen him before, you idiot."
"You have, have you?" I asked.
The bird shifter nodded his head rapidly. "You're one-" I moved in a blur and crushed his windpipe. I released the bird as the wolf-fully transformed, driving his claw into my side. Snarling, I kicked him away from me. Before he could recover, I was on him in a flash.
"Your little bird friend is right," I hissed, grunting as claws penetrated my stomach and upper arm. My hunger, already on the edge of danger territory, grew every second I continued to steadily bleed out. "You're going to do me a favor and deliver sweet Shae a message." I slammed into his mind and smiled when he let out a yelp of pain. "There there, now," I said and forced him to shift back into a naked human. I got to my feet and slammed him against a nearby tree. "I was wondering," I said slowly, backing away from the panting wolf in human form. He moved, and I mentally slammed him into the tree. It shook slightly with the impact. "I was wondering," I said again. "If shifters can be turned into vampires," I said, knowing very well, that anyone could be turned into a vampire, anyone except for demons. The wolf's eyes widened, and he began to struggle against my mental hold.
"Sir," the bird wheezed through barely intact trachea. "You're not serious?"
I looked over my shoulder at him. "Oh," I said dryly. "I am very serious." I turned back to the wolf. "Or," I said and flashed to the wolf, punching my hand through his chest to wrap around his pounding heart. "I can kill you now and have your friend carry your dead body back to your den. Which will it be? Option one? Or option two?"


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

EVELYN

"Well, fuck me," I muttered to myself as I flew through the night sky. It was around four in the morning, and my ass of a brother was going to kill a shifter. My eyes watered as I continued to focus on Tristan's aura. If it winked out, I was too late to stop him. Yes, I could've teleported to him, but I was hungry. Sighing, I descended to ground and inhaled deeply. Catching a scent of a human, I followed it to a closed coffee shop. She ended her call with someone and glared into the hood of her car. "Problem?" I asked from behind her. She gave a startled yelp and turned to face me. I smiled tightly at her. "I'm sorry, didn't mean to scare you."
"It's no problem," she said a little quickly. "My car broke down."
I nodded. "Are you on your way to work?"
"Actually, I was on my way home." I slipped into her mind and found out that she got hold of her husband. "Can I help you with anything?" she asked, giving me a weird look.
I blinked and pulled out of her head. "Yes, you can," I said and closed in on her.
"What are you doing?" she asked and squeaked as I grabbed her. I slammed the hood and pulled her away from the car. "What-?"
"Shhh," I said into her ear. My eerie presence wrapped around her, and her heartbeat skyrocketed. Her fear clogged the back of my throat, and I growled. Pulling back slightly, I turned her head until she was looking at me. My compulsion washed over her, and her eyes went out of focus. "You will not scream or fight me," I hissed softly. "Got it? Nod if you do." She nodded and without any second to spare, I snarled and sank my fangs into the side of her neck. She involuntarily jerked, but did not make a sound as I drew hard on her neck. After a long minute and with effort, I withdrew my fangs and licked the wound closed. Cursing and grumbling about how I couldn't drain her, I helped her into the driver seat. "You won't remember meeting anyone while you wait for your husband, and if he asks what is wrong, tell him you don't know what came over you." I said softly to her.
"I don't remember meeting anyone," she said tonelessly. Without another word, I slammed the car door shut. I took one last longing look at the human and growling, I teleported to Tristan.
Tristan, his hand still buried in the wolf's chest, smiled, and I knew it was because I'd arrived. "Looks like my sister has come to stop me from killing you," he drawled and withdrew his hand. The wolf automatically shifted to his wolf form, and before he could lay a claw on Tristan, I froze him mid-strike and slammed into his mind. The other shifter, standing off to the side, fingers prodding his neck, got the good sense to keep quiet and not make a run for the nearest woods? or the sky for that matter. "To what do I owe this honor, sister," Tristan hissed. "I was only just beginning." He glanced at the blood coating his hand and strode over to me. He stopped in front of me and studied me, eyes narrowed. He put his hand, the one freed of blood, on my cheek. It was cold to the touch. "Evelyn," he said, sighing. "The little sister that tries her hardest to keep the peace in any crises."
"Not always," I muttered.
"That's what I like about you," he continued, ignoring what I just said. I pulled out a handkerchief and held it out to him. He dropped his hand from my cheek and took it, wiping the blood off his hand.
"You're beginning to slip, brother," I said gently. "You're not thinking clearly. If you kill that wolf, who's to say that they wouldn't side with the felines?" Tristan growled low in his throat. "I know they're with Shae," I continued. "But give him to Carlie and let her handle him." My hand shot out and slapped him as his eyes went unfocused. He snapped back to reality and grimaced, rubbing his burning cheek.
"Was that necessary?" he muttered.
"Yes, I wasn't done talking."
"Are you lecturing me, sister?"
"Oh no, I'm just thinking logically."
He took in a deep breath and let it out sharply. "Fine," he growled. "I won't kill them, but if they so much as touch our vampires, fuck common sense. And your words, my sweet, charming, dearest sister, won't mean a thing to me. Is that to your satisfactory?"
I shrugged. "Better than I can hope for."
"Mmm, do you have so little faith in me?"
I snorted. "Don't get me started on faith." He chuckled. I waved to the two shifters before he could say another word. "Let's get out of here. Did you get their names?"
"Of course I did." He looked around and glared at the rising sun in the distance. "You take them. I'm going to check on Jordana." I nodded and he disappeared into thin air, muttering something under his breath.
I sighed. "You," I said and beckoned bird boy over. He reluctantly walked over and stopped before me. "Name?"
"Arius."
"Arius, you and your friend are coming with me. Fight me, I don't care if you're a baby chick, I'll kill both of you myself. We understand each other?" Arius nodded. "Good." I put my hand on his shoulder. "I'm Evelyn Tronis, member of the Vampiric Council. Welcome to my territory, boys," I said and forcing the wolf to shift back to human form, I teleported to Council HQ.
The Council HQ, like always, was eerily silent. If it wasn't for the heart beating a constant staccato in my ears, I would've thought the building was empty. I looked around the lounge and pointed to a couch. "Sit," I said to the two shifters.
"You don't-"
"I said? sit," I growled, interrupting Oliver, the wolf boy.
"Yes, sit," a cool female voice said from behind me. "Or I'll chop off your balls, wolf boy. Then it's bye-bye to the adorable pups."
I sighed. "Brynna," I said in greetings.
"Evelyn," Brynna said cheerfully. Oliver snarled, and a low growl vibrated the air. I moved and put a restraining hand on Brynna. She snapped her fangs at me and jerked away.
"I'm not going to bite him," she snarled. "Yet," she hissed. I rubbed my temples and willed the doors to slam shut. Brynna unsheathed a blade and twirled it between her fingers. I tensed, afraid that she was going to accidentally stab herself.
"So, while I was sifting through my brother's clouded head, I found out something," I said and sat on the edge of the table. I glared at Arius. "You wanted out. Is that right?" Arius nodded. "Why?" I asked simply.
He shrugged. "She's a manipulative bitch."
I smiled. "Is she?"
Brynna huffed. "Who the fuck is she?"
"Shae," I said, and before I could stop her, the blade shot from her hand and buried itself deep in the wolf's chest. Oliver roared, and a pleased smile crossed the huntress' face. I groaned as blood filled the air. The blade was pushed out, and Oliver shifted to his wolf form. Arius shifted to his bird form and flew toward the ceiling, his clothes falling to the floor as he went. I pointed up at the hawk. "If you try to escape, know this. I will forgo nicety and have you for breakfast, is that understood?" The bird nodded. "Good," I said and jumped between Brynna and Oliver, pushing them apart before they could kill each other. "Enough!" I snarled. I grabbed Brynna by the throat and jerked her to me, snarling, struggling. I wrapped my arms around her and mentally froze Oliver in mid-lunge. "I said, that is enough," I said softly, a deadly warning to my tone. Brynna let ripped another snarl, but stilled in my arms, her entire body stiffed with suppressed rage. "I'm going to release you," I said to her. "And you're going to for once, behave and not go for the wolf's throat, got it?" I said gently. She reluctantly nodded. I dropped my arms from around her and stepped back. Still glaring at Oliver, Brynna fixed her shirt, picked up her fallen blade, and stomped across the lounge. She leaned against the wall and bashed her head against it before sighing and squeezing her eyes shut. I turned my attention to the wolf and pinned him with my stare. "Please shift back to your human form." The wolf growled, but did as he was told. "One last question," I said and released my mental hold on him. Oliver hit the floor with a pained grunt. "Why did Shae send you and Arius?" At the far side of the lounge, Brynna growled.
"To finish what she started," he growled.
"Wiping out the entire vampire population?" I asked and chuckled as anger slowly burned within me. About a year ago, Shae had taken a piece of me. She sent a pack of her minions here to California, capturing Avery and his mate and bringing them back to her. Then she carelessly took his head in front of Adalyn who couldn't do anything to help him while a stake was through her heart. A stake through the heart was the only way to incapacitate a vampire completely. It didn't matter if that vampire happened to be nearly five thousand years old or not. In protecting Adalyn, it cost him his life. It could've cost both of their lives, but thanks to his spirit, he found his way to Casiar in time. If it wasn't for Avery, Adalyn would surely have died a slow, painful, agonizing death. Evelyn? I cursed. I'm okay, I mentally said and slammed Tristan from my head. I refocused on the here now and gave Oliver a chilling smile. "I tell you what," I said, but before I could finish that thought, the air around me stirred. Brynna groaned as Tristan appeared beside me. I glowered at him. "I said I'm okay," I said, annoyed.
"You did," Tristan growled and walked toward Oliver. He looked at me. "Please let me finish what I started, sister?"
I sighed. "You are unbelievable, brother."
He smirked. "I won't kill him," he said, and his hands shot out, catching Oliver and slamming him to the floor. I winced and gritted my teeth as I heard bones being broken and Oliver's screams of rage and pain stabbed my eardrums. Brynna shifted from foot to foot, her hands twitching. Tristan grunted as the wolf stab a claw into him. He slammed Oliver's face into the floor. "Stop. Or the next thing I break is your neck." Oliver bucked, and I grunted in sympathy as Tristan snapped his spine. "Much better," Tristan growled as Oliver went suddenly limp. Brynna grumbled something under her breath as Tristan got to his feet, pulling Oliver up with him. He glanced down at himself, at the multiple closing wounds and bared his fangs.
"Are you done?" I asked conversationally.
"Oh, you'll know when I'm done," he growled. "Trust me," he finished, ripping open his wrist and forcing his blood down Oliver's throat. An evil glint flashed in his eyes, and I knew what was about to happen. I stiffened.
"Tristan, if you bring that mutt into the family. Brother or not, I'm going to fucking stab you."
He looked at me as if I've lost my mind entirely. "Who says I'm bringing him into the family?" he asked and patted Oliver on his furry head before sinking his fangs in deep. Oliver yelped and tried desperately to break free. Bleeding and clearly in pain, Tristan didn't let up until the last beat of the wolf's heart. He pulled back and once again ripped open his wrist and pressed it to Oliver's mouth.
"Oh," Brynna said, excitement in her voice. "This is going to be epic." My skin tingled, and I grunted as the air grew charged. Arius, who remained silent this entire time, flapped his wings nervously. The lights gave out with a loud sizzle, and Oliver came back to life with a pained groan.
"You are so cruel," I muttered under my breath.
"I want you to shift back to human," Tristan said softly, and I could feel the sire-to-child bond at work. Oliver shifted back to human form and with fear pouring off of him, more so than before and a craving beyond his control, lunged for Tristan's throat. I looked toward Arius who was now at one corner of the ceiling, trying to make himself a small target and failing miserably. I zeroed in on his thoughts and smiled.
Oh god, oh god, oh god oh god oh god, Arius repeated over and over to himself. Oh god, I'm going to die. I'm so going to die. Oh god, oh god oh god oh god.
I stopped listening before I could burst out laughing. It was so not the time. "That is enough," Tristan growled and punched Oliver across the room. Tristan was on him in a flash. "Listen up, hybrid, and listen very, very closely," he snarled. "You may be stronger than the average shifter and vampire, but you won't get that chance to test that out." Oliver's eyes went unfocused in a heartbeat. "You're going to return to Shae and be a spy for the Vampiric Council. When you are hungry, you will feed off your friends, no humans, no vampires, no witches, only shae's little minions and your friends. You will kill any who tries to kill you, and you will report to my hunters when Shae or her little minions are on the move." He wrapped his hands around Oliver's neck. "And if you so much as hesitate, I will know, and I will be very? disappointed. Do not fail me." With that, he snapped his neck. Blowing out a sharp breath, Tristan got to his feet. "Brynna, if you don't mind, drop him somewhere far away from here and wipe his memory clean of all this."
Brynna nodded and flashed to his side. "What about your demands?"
Tristan smiled coldly. "Don't worry about that, he will not forget unless I say so." She nodded and none too gently, picked Oliver off the floor and strode to the lounge door. She turned back to us.
"Will he remember who his sire is?"
"No, he'll only remember when I call for him." She shuddered and shoulder opened the door. She gave us one last look and flashed out of the building.
"Ari won't be happy," I sang, and Tristan scowled at me. I shook my head. "Oh, Shae is going to flip when she finds out."
"I hope that comes sooner than later," he growled.
"And you forced his wakening." He nodded. "Please tell me he's temporary?"
"Oh, he is. Once I have no use for him, I will kill him, permanently."
"You, my arrogant brother, are cruel to the core." Murderous rage flashed in his eyes, and then he was gone.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

KIRA

Under the onslaught of overload senses, I tried my best not to breathe in the blood saturated air. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck! Fuck you all! Fuck my life! Fuck everything!" We all just stared at Jordana as she attempted to push Sven aside. When he still didn't move, she threw herself at the wall, bashing her head against it. "Let me go after them," she snarled. I yelped and ducked as a chair came flying at me. It smashed into pieces behind me as I straitened and flashed to the other side of the room, out of her line of vision. Liana rubbed her temples and jumped aside before a small trophy case-holy fucking shit-came crashing down on her. Ari, Skyler, and Corinne flashed to it and caught it before it could shatter into a million pieces. "Fuck you!" Jordana shouted. "Tristan!" she continued. "I know you can hear me! You stupid fucking lame ass shit for nothing piece of white trash asshole! Get your sweet ass over here and decree I burn the fucking witches! Burn them all!" she finished and began to put holes in the wall with her fist and? head. Skyler and Corinne took the trophy case out of the living room, and Ari came over to me.
"Such a colorful language she got going there, huh?" Ari asked dryly as Liana once again, tried to calm Jordana down. I snorted and shrugged. "Oh, here he comes," she said under her breath and glanced in the direction of Jordana. "You want to come with me and Skyler?" I frowned, but nodded. Skyler flashed back to the living room, and I winced at her ragged breathing as she stopped before her sire. Glancing into her eyes, I did some more wincing. Her eyes were pitched black, and they looked bruised. Ari grimaced and gestured toward the front door. I nodded, and we headed outside.
"I'm soooooo hungry," Skyler moaned.
"Same," I muttered as the tingling feeling at the back of my neck started up on its don't-go-overboard-on-your-feeding. I rubbed the location of the chip and wondered for the millionth time, when it was going to be removed, if ever.
"I'll talk him into it," Ari said, glancing where I was rubbing. I shrugged and took the hand she was holding out to me. Everything went dark, and when it lifted, I found myself standing in the middle of a darkened side street. Before Skyler, Ari, or I could even take a step forward, a wave of fear slammed into me. I gasped and staggered. "The hell?" Ari hissed, and then we were running.

HAYLEY

"Move so much as a finger, I'll blast you off the face of the earth," the witch in front of me hissed. Damn it, I silently scolded myself. Why couldn't I just wait a little longer before coming back here? "I don't think you're strong enough to withstand my spells."
"Siding with shifters?" I asked, forcing down my rising panic. I looked at the three shifters standing silently behind her.
"Who is your sire?" she asked, ignoring my question.
I sighed. "Why do you people always ask that? Does it matter who my fucking sire is? It's like asking who your mom is before killing you." I could snap the witch's neck in a heartbeat, but I wasn't a match for the three shifters who looked like they could kick a lone one hundred and twelve-year-old vampire's ass. And then I realized the answer to my own question. "You want to make sure my sire isn't a member of the Tronis Bloodline!" I exclaimed. "That's it, isn't it? You're afraid of them!" A second later, I found myself gasping in pain and flat on my back, a fucking stake through my heart. "Fuck," I wheezed. "You're truly, truly fucked." A thunderclap cracked the air, and every single street light I could see went out with a loud pop. The smell of death magic reached me, and my skin tingled at the nearness of my sire. I gave a pained laugh as Violet came into my line of sight. She crossed her arms and smirked at me.
"I told her you were coming, cousin," she said in a bored tone.
I rolled my eyes at her. "Could you please not refer to me as cousin?"
She shrugged and looked at the witch and the three shifters. "Who are they? Your friends?"
"Violet," I growled. She looked back at me. "Are you going to stand there or help me out here?"
"It depends."
"On?" She didn't get a chance to respond, as Allia stepped from the shadows.
"See ya," Violet said and waved before disappearing around the corner.
"Well," a female voice said cheerfully. "This is? entertaining."
"Who the fuck are you?" the witch asked, raising her hands to cast.
"I wouldn't do that, if I were you," Allia said quietly as a hand wrapped around the stake and yanked it from my chest in one swift move. My world dimmed as I fought to keep conscious. The redheaded vampire put an arm under me and helped me to my feet. She didn't let go as I doubled over. I groaned as the air around me practically hummed with death.
"Kira, Skyler," the vampire holding me said. "Make sure no humans come this way."
"You got it," Kira or Skyler said cheerfully. I slowly straightened and looked around. Tristan jumped from the roof to land in front of one of the shifters. Allia walked over and ripping open her wrist, she had it pressed to my mouth. I pulled hard at the bleeding wound and inwardly shivered as warmth spread throughout my whole body. Allia's cool fingers rested on my cheek a moment later, and I reluctantly pulled back.
"How do you feel?" she asked and nodded to the vampire beside me.
"Much better," I said and looked at the vampire who pulled out the stake. "Thank you."
"Don't mention it," she said. "I'm Ari."
"Hayley." She let go of me and held out her hand. I took it and shook briefly. "Nice to meet you. I heard a lot about you."
Ari blinked. "Good things I hope?"
I smiled. "Some."
Allia cleared her throat, and I looked at her. "Talk later?" my sire asked mildly. I nodded. Allia glanced back to Tristan. "T, the short fat one is mine." In answer, Tristan grabbed the fat shifter and tossed him bodily through the air. I turned around and doubled over, pain exploding in my head. Just as I was about to pass out, I promptly fell all the way down, my face hitting the dirty pavement covered in a pool of my own blood. A hand turned me over as I gasped and spluttered.
"What happened?" the blonde female vampire asked, helping me up. All around me was chaos. Someone clapped, and just as suddenly as the chaos began, it went completely silent, eerily silent.
"You should know better than to mess with the vampires," someone drawled. "Especially the Council." I slowly turned and looked up to find a tall pale figure crouched on the roof of a building. I realized that more shifters and witches were standing around or lying dead in the streets. "Why don't you all pull your dicks out of your asses for once?"
"Adalyn," Tristan said, a little uneasily as fear slowly began to pour off the remaining shifters to mix with that of the witches.
"Hello Tristan. Long time, no see." Adalyn jumped from the roof and was before us in a heartbeat. "Please forgive my intrusion." She cut a glance at Tristan who held a shifter in a chokehold. She stepped up to them and smiled cruelly at the struggling shifter. "I've been looking for you. Tristan, may I?" Tristan reluctantly released the shifter and stepped back from the both of them. Adalyn's hands shot out before the shifter could bolt. The rest of the shifters moved into a crouch, watching intently. "Stop," Adalyn growled, and the air rippled as the compulsion slammed into me. I fell on my ass and stared blankly into space. I blinked and shook my head as my world came into focus. I looked around and found everybody, say for me, Tristan, Kira, Skyler, Ari, Allia, and some witches, under Adalyn's control. "Cast a spell or even thinking about it, I'll have my partner shoot you." One of the witches snorted, and before a word left her mouth, there was a soft pop, and then her lifeless body hit the ground, a bullet lodged in her brain. The remaining four witches with the compulsion charm on them all took a collective step back, nodding rapidly. "I believe we understand each other now," Adalyn said and leaned down to the shifter's pounding jugular. "Now, you're probably wondering why I was following you," she said and straightened. Suddenly Tristan and Allia let rip a feral snarl.
"Is that so?" Tristan asked slowly, softly. His eyes went unfocused, and then Violet, Casiar, Riordan, and Jailyn appeared behind him. He grunted as all four necromancers pushed him to the ground.
"For those of you who can't read minds," Adalyn said, her voice growing louder, and she stepped away from the little group as Tristan let out a scream. "This shifter and his little band of marry men played a part in the death of my sire not that long ago." Kira and Skyler gasped in outrage. Only Ari and Allia's hands on them kept them right where they were. The red bled from Adalyn's eyes before I drew in my next breath. Ari grabbed hold of my arm, just as the night sky lit up with red. When it was gone, a blood red moon was in full view. The four necromancers slowly straightened and stepped back from Tristan. Adalyn jerked and hissed in pain as the air practically came alive. Tristan rose to his feet just as everybody that was under compulsion began to stir.
"Run," Tristan growled. They ran for it, the shifters, the witches. They ran as if death itself was after them. Adalyn grabbed Tristan and said something in his ear. I took a step forward, only to be jerked back by Ari. This is not for you, Hayley, she said into my head as everything went dark.

ALEK

I swallowed? hard. Straightening from my position behind a disgusting dumpster of all things, I turned and peered into the shadows not illuminated by the crimson light of the moon. Holstering my gun, I walked into the shadows, stopping in front of Ian. "What is this?" I growled, nodding to the moon. "Don't tell me that it's what I think it is."
"It is, and Adalyn just saved your ass from becoming puppy chow."
"I'll be sure to thank her," I said dryly, knowing full well that she'd rip my head off the moment I let my guard down. Hell, I was in no way involve with the death of her sire who was also her mate, but it was shifters none the less who took her mate's life. I scowled. "Are you feeling the pull of the hunt?" I asked seriously.
"If I were, you wouldn't be standing." I grunted. "Come on, let's get out of here before?" He trailed off as movements came from behind me. The instinct to shift slammed into me, but before I could, Ian's hand grabbed my shoulder. "Don't," he hissed in my ear.
"Ian?" a frightened female voice whimpered. "What is wrong with me? I want to kill everything."
"Shit," Ian breathed. In the distance, I could hear screams, both humans and animals. The vampire behind me let out a low growl. Ian was a blur as he caught the blonde and held her tightly to him. "Shift," Ian yelled to me. "Council HQ," he continued and disappeared down the next street. I wasted no time in shifting. My clothes tore from me as I grunted. Fuck, I thought as I shook the scraps of fabric from me. I glanced back at my gun and everything else that fell to the ground before running after Ian. In wolf form, my paws ate up the ground in matter of seconds. I wanted to howl to the night sky, but I shoved the urge down as I caught up to Ian. He fought to keep the blonde vampire from escaping, and that was difficult while running full out. Tears slid down her cheeks as she fought him.
"I have to go to him," she yelled. "He's calling for me." Ian ignored her and kept on running. He relaxed a little when the Council building came into view. Once there, I leapt the parking lot steps and shifted to human form. I got to my feet and pulled the doors open, slamming them shut once Ian and the struggling vampire were inside.
"What's wrong?"
"Jordana," said Ian. "I hope you are sane at the moment, but you need to help me."
"What's wrong?" Jordana repeated.
"The blood red moon is in the sky."
"I know. I saw it."
"Kira is feeling the pull of Tristan's beast."
"Why don't you let her join him?"
He sighed. "Because I was told to, at no point, not to let her out."
"Hmm, pity. Wish I was out there myself." She sighed. "But no." She waved to the elevator. "Compound." I followed them into the elevator and frowned at Jordana who was muttering to herself. Ian hit R, and we quickly descended downward. "Who are they hunting?"
"Shifters," said Ian. I realized that he purposely left out that they were hunting the witches too. I didn't know why, but I wasn't about to ask. The elevator dinged, and I stepped out only to have a blanket thrown over my head. Sighing, I wrapped the blanket around myself and walked into what looked like the central part of the compound. I dropped into a chair and looked around. Jordana walked over to Ian and slapped the struggling vampire in his arms.
"Kira," she hissed. Kira turned her head to look at Jordana, and then her eyes glazed over. "Shut up." And just like that, Kira went silent.
"Who is all here?" Ian asked.
"Corinne, Skyler, Tate, Alyssa, and that Hayley chick."
"That Hayley chick can hear you, you know," a vampire standing in the kitchen drawled.
"I know," said Jordana. "That is why I said it like that." Hayley yelped as she was struck from behind by some unseen force. Ian drop Kira none too gently on the couch and flashed over to Hayley. Hayley got to her feet and flashed down the hall, looking over her shoulder as she went.
"Who's there?" Ian asked, peering into the darkness. I grunted as the air suddenly became hard to breathe in. If this kept up any longer, I was going to die from lack of oxygen. I felt the cold blast of a vampire passing, before the whole compound was plunged into darkness.
"Fuck!" Corinne shouted from somewhere. Fuck indeed, I thought and shifted to wolf.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

ULRIKA

Blood, hot and invigorating, filled my mouth and down my parched throat. I snarled when it was abruptly gone. "Easy, sire," a sweet female voice said from above me. I slowly opened my eyes and stared blankly up at her.
"Evelina," I said weakly.
"Evelyn," she growled. "It's Evelyn."
"What is the matter? You look? wound up."
"The blood hunt is on, and I feel the pull of my brothers and sisters."
"Which one of you has the ability to manipulate atmosphere?"
Evelyn's eyes narrowed. "We all do, but it is I who controls the blood moon."
"How long does it last?"
"A night, but I can call it off at any time."
"Then call it off."
"Oh," she purred. "I think not."

ARI

The thrum of power was heavy and thick in the air. It felt like moving through quicksand, but now it felt like I was moving through water. My blade sank easily into flesh, parting heads from shoulders as I went. I grabbed a shifter, and snarling, I sank my fangs in deep and ripped out his throat. Multiple claws sank into my back, sides, and neck and I hissed. Finishing off the one I was holding, I flipped over and slammed the shifter into the building I was standing next to. I grabbed hold of another shifter and snapped her neck. The earth trembled as I elbowed the shifter behind me. I jerked away from them and sent two of my blades at them, aiming for their throats. It struck dead-on, and I smiled coldly as they dropped to the ground. I retrieved my fallen blades and removed their heads from their shoulders. All around me, shifters met their deaths as they tried to cross over the California border. I spun around and grabbed a witch. She shrieked as I bared my fangs, going for her jugular. Before fangs could touch skin, I felt a tugging at the center of my being. If not for the brief burning pain that followed, I would've said a necromancer was trying to kill me. "I surrender!" the witch shouted. "I surrender."
I blinked through the red haze clouding my vision and really looked at her. Fiery red hair, fearful green eyes, looks a lot like Davina? "Carolyn," I growled and released her. "What are you doing here?" She screamed as thunder rumbled overhead, lightning shooting across the sky. I heard a distant scream, and then a charred body fell from the sky to land just inside the border line.
"Please don't hurt me," the witch begged. "I wasn't involved in anything. I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time." The crimson sky over California suddenly changed back to normal, and the remaining survivors made a dead run for the border. This time, no one stopped them. Once across the border, they all hit the ground, clutching their heads. There was a loud rumble of thunder, before lightning struck all around them. Once again, they were off, running. A vampire stepped from the shadows and scowled.
"You can't do that," the male vampire called to us. "They crossed the border to Mexico." Tristan's aura wrapped around me as he came to stand behind me. "What did you tell them? Anything I need to be aware of?"
"No," Tristan snarled, both mentally and out loud. The vampire winced and nodded.
"Name is Lazerus."
"I'll give you mine if you ever decide to cross over to the US," Tristan growled. "If you're not in the US and no threat to me or mine, then you are no concern to me."
"Fair enough. What happens in the US stays in the US, yes?"
"Something like that."
Lazerus sighed and nodded. "Very well, do I need to keep an eye on them?"
Tristan put a hand on my shoulder and growled low in his throat. "If I were you, I'd keep an eye and ear open to everything that's going on."
"I'll keep that in mind," Lazerus said, and giving us a wave, he launched himself into the sky. There was a long moment of silence, and then I felt Tristan pressing up against me.
"Carolyn," he growled. I leaned into him and inwardly sighed. He put an arm around me and grabbed Carolyn by her neck. Her eyes widened, and she uselessly tried to pry his fingers from around her throat. He released her, and she gasped in air like it was the last thing on earth.
"I don't understand what's going on," Carolyn gasped.
"It's better that you don't, witch." She nodded. "Now go on home before I changed my mind."
"Your vampires kind of trashed my car."
"Come with me," Evelyn said from the shadows, and a pale hand pulled her into the darkness. All around us, vampires were moving about, burning the dead. I turned in Tristan's arms and looked at him. We were all covered in blood, and to me, being covered in blood was uncomfortable as hell.
"What was the tugging and burning sensation I felt earlier?" I asked. He sighed and grimaced. "Tristan," I said warningly. "Tell me." He growled at me. I put my hand on his cheek and stroked it. "Please? It wasn't actually me that felt it, was it?"
He shook his head and nuzzled my neck, licking the blood there. "Sorry about that. I keep forgetting to shield myself from you."
I laughed softly and massaged his skull. "You don't have to, Tristan." I yelped as he nibbled my neck. "So, are you going to tell me? Or I'll ask Evelyn when I see her. I know it's a Tronis thing."
He sighed against my neck. "That's what I feel every time a vampire die." I elbowed him, and he grunted. I put my hand under his chin and pushed. I pulled back slightly, forcing him to look at me.
"Are you serious?" I asked, frowning.
"Very."
"This is probably a stupid question, but is this a new thing?"
"No, sweetheart. I was able to feel every single death ever since I was turned."
"Oh, so you are used to feeling them."
"I barely noticed them anymore. Unless?"
"Unless?"
"Unless vampires are dying left and right. Or it's a vampire I created directly."
"So, the farther down the line, the less painful." He reluctantly nodded.
"But you always know when a vampire loses his or her life?" He again nodded. "Damn," I muttered. "How do you and your siblings go on living?"
He laughed, but with no humor. "Eventually, you learn to live with the things given to you. Whether you want them, or not." He pulled me to him and teleported. He released me, and I screamed as I fall through empty air to land with a loud splash.
I surfaced and looked around. Spotting a bar of soap, I swam to it. We were in an indoor pool, and I was doubly glad as I yanked off my bloody clothes, setting them on the pool steps. Grabbing the bar of soap, I vigorously scrubbed the blood off myself. The next time I surfaced, I found Tristan staring hungrily at me, and it wasn't just for blood. He was freed of blood, water dripping from his body. Stomach fluttering, I ducked back under. Before I could think of moving, his hand landed on the back of my neck and hauled me from the water. Turning me to face him, he kissed me. My blood spiked, and I moaned as our tongues clashed in a dangerous dance. He growled as the taste of blood filled my mouth. Whether it was his or mine, I had no idea. My whole body tingled, and I wrapped my legs around his waist. He hissed as I rubbed against the head of his arousal. With one powerful move, he jumped from the pool, and before I knew it, he had me pressed up against the wall. He broke the kiss, and feeling hot all over, I slowly lowered myself onto him. He groaned, and I moaned as he filled me. His eyes flashed, and I smiled. "Another fast and hard one?" I gasped. His mouth went to my neck, and he sucked gently just below my ear. He growled and slowly withdrew before just as slowly sliding himself back inside me.
"I thought you like it fast and rough?" he growled.
"I do," I said breathlessly as he continued to move slowly in and out of me. "Very much so." The control he had suppressed just barely earlier, snapped. My world blurred, and I found myself on my hands and knees. I whimpered, as Tristan pounded into me from behind. I moaned at both the pain and the pleasure. He cupped my breasts and flicked my nipples, tugging and pinching them. I tightened around him, and he growled. I cried out when his fingers found my clit. Holding me up with one arm, he continued to ruthlessly pound into me. I felt his fangs on the back of my neck, and my vision dimmed. He pulled out of me, and I growled. I reached for him, only to yelp as he flipped me onto my back. Lifting me, he thrust himself back inside with a snarl. He growled as I dug my fingers into his back, drawing blood. He thrust himself in deeper, and my cries of pleasure turned into a scream as fangs sank deep into my neck, and I came, fast and hard. With one hard thrust, Tristan joined me. He withdrew his fangs and let out a long growl as he pulsed with his release. Panting, he licked closed the bite wound. Once I could focus, I sank my own fangs into his neck and pulled hard. He let out a feral sound and began to move within me. My pleasure built until I saw nothing but stars. I clutched him to me as I came for a second time.
"Oh," he groaned and fell atop of me. I finally took in a breath, and promptly choked. Tristan sat up with me as I coughed. "I was going to say don't breathe just yet." I took in a deep breath and nodded. Lesson learned, I thought. No drinking blood in the middle of an orgasm, and especially when you're not the one on top. I wrapped my arms around him and rested my head against his chest. I shifted, and I yelped when he slapped my ass. "Stop that," he growled as I felt him harden inside me. I pulled away from him, and I sighed as he slid out of me. Flashing to his feet and giving me one last longing look, he dove into the water and disappeared under it. Are you coming in? he drawled into my mind a minute later. Looking at the plain four white walls, I got up and jumped into the water. Strong arms came around me, and pulled me under.

JAILYN

I stared into the dying embers, deep in my own thoughts. The need to kill still burned within me, but at the moment, the streets were eerily silent. Arms came around me from behind, and Casiar pulled me back against him. "What has had you so caught up in thought?" he asked quietly.
I sighed. "I want to go after those shifters."
"Ah," he said thoughtfully and turned me around to face him. Before he could continue, he stiffened.
"What is it?" I asked and stepped from his arms. I looked around and cursed at a group of three rogues heading our direction. "Our friends have decided to come out of hiding and play."
"That they have," a voice drawled from the shadows. The darkness fell to reveal a scowling Taylor.
"Taylor," I said, unsheathing a blade.
"Jailyn," she said as I slowly walked toward the rogues. "How are you this morning?" I glanced up at the brightening sky and shrugged. "I take that as annoyed." I grunted and slipped into the shadows. Passing them, I turned and coming up behind one of them, I reached out and jerked the one with long greasy black hair to me and pressed my blade to her throat.
"Going somewhere?" I breathed into her ear, trying not to gag from the stench of her. Her two male companions spun around and moved into a fighting stance. They let out a hiss and bared their fangs at me. I smiled and slit her throat. She shrieked, and I released her as Taylor yanked her into the shadows with a low growl. Sheathing my blade, I lunged for the two rogues. We met with a bone jarring impact midair. "This is going to be fun," I hissed and punched fatty in the throat and flipped the second rogue over my head. I slammed the one I punched to the ground and bared my fangs as the other rogue jumped on my back. I grabbed him and tossed him away from me. Growling, I sank my fangs into the neck of the rogue I was on and ripped out his throat before tearing out his heart. Panting from the exhilarating kill, I quickly devoured the bloody heart. In lightning speed, I was on my feet, spinning around and catching the rogue launching himself at me. With one quick twist of my wrist, I snapped his neck. I growled and drove my fangs into his jugular and drank, deeply. My death magic wrapped around him like a cocoon as I reached for the shimmering cord that connected spirit to body. The rogue's hisses and snarls turned into a bloodcurdling scream as I tug at the cord. Sighing, I withdrew my fangs and smiled as I continued to play with his life-force. "I don't know," I said sweetly. "Should I let this go on for another minute longer? Or shall I end you as slowly and as painfully as I can?" I slowly pulled the cord toward me, and he writhed and thrashed under me, still screaming like he was being flayed alive. I stroked his cheek and smirked. Sighing, I hover my mouth over his and inhaled deeply. Death magic poured into him, and I closed my eyes as I swallowed the cold, sweet essence of his soul. The rogue's screams died off, and I shuddered. Licking my lips, I got off the lifeless body and tossed a fireball at both corpses, setting them ablaze. I inhaled deeply, the sweet taste of soul still lingering in my mouth, and I wanted more. I shuddered. Damn, I wanted more. A cool hand rested on the side of my neck, and I mentally blinked, shaking myself from the fog of the high I was in.
"Come back to me," Casiar said quietly.
I sighed. "Sorry," I muttered. Casiar suddenly went rigid, and I grunted as his hand tightened around my neck. I broke his hold on me and looked around in alarmed. He groaned and jerked his hand from mine to clutch his head. He doubled over, and just as I was about to ask what the hell was wrong, blood trickled from his ears. "Casiar," I said, dropping down beside him. "What's wrong?" I heard a pained moan, and I peered into the shadows. "Taylor," I called. She dropped the shadows concealing her, and I saw that she was on her hands and knees, blood streaming from her eyes, nose, ears, and mouth. Casiar grunted, and simultaneously, both he and Taylor let out a bloodcurdling scream. "Fuck!" I shouted and dropping a mental rope around us all, I teleported.
Three hundred and fifty feet below the Council building, screams met my ears. "Tristan!" Taylor shrieked. Casiar grabbed my arm in a painful grip, and I grunted in pain.
"Find him," he hissed as he broke out in sweat.
"But-" I gritted my teeth as his painful hold tightened.
"Jailyn," he growled. "Please," he snarled. "Jailyn, please." I nodded stiffly, and he slowly released me. Rubbing my arm, I reluctantly got to my feet and teleported to Tristan's side. I dodged as objects came flying at me.
"Jailyn," Ari whimpered and let out a long groan. My gaze fell on Tristan, and I hissed as I saw that his clothes were drenched with his own blood. I looked around the apartment and again dodged, as a lamp came flying toward my head. All around, broken furniture littered the floor. I let out a small scream as Tristan's power lashed out at me. Ari groaned and cursed up a storm. She got to her hands and knees only to be thrown across the living room. I gasped and hissed as I too, was thrown across the apartment. My head struck the wall, and I cried out as darkness closed over me.
"Tristan!" I shouted over his screams of pain and outrage. In answer, I got sliced and diced by darkness. From Ari's scream, I knew she was being dealt the same thing. I hissed as I felt my skin ripping. He was going to bring the whole building crashing down on all of our heads. I gasped, and then jerked, as my death magic was wrenched from me like flipping off a switch. There was a loud boom from somewhere in the distance, and I screamed as the stabbing became unbearable, and the compound began to shake.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirteen

COLE

Something was wrong, I thought with a growl. My stomach clenched painfully, and it wasn't due to hunger. My senses on high alert, I dropped from the tree I was perched on and silently made my way around the abandon building. I came to an abrupt halt as a split second of pain stabbed through my head. It was gone just as quickly as it came on, and I knew Evelyn was in trouble. Not many things could bring my sire down, but the fact she was in tremendous pain and blocking me out? I launched myself into the sky and was a blur as I flew in lightning speed. Evelyn, I mentally called out. Sire, what has happened? I followed the bond south, and I growled, wishing like hell I had the ability to teleport. An eternity later and no response from Evelyn, I swiftly descended to ground and kicked the front door of her residential home in. The air practically vibrated against my skin as I stepped over the threshold and flashed into the living room. The windows shuddered against the barely leashed power pulsing from the bloodied, writhing Evelyn. Hissing, I pulled her into my arms, ignoring the burning pain of energy wrapping around me. Eyes squeezed shut, my sire's vice-like grip clamped around my upper arm. "Tristan," she growled. She jerked and grunted. "Get Sven," she gasped. "We must go underground." I nodded and mentally reached out to Sven. Not caring if I was about to interrupt or not, I slammed into his mind. What the fuck, Cole? Sven mentally snarled. Where are you? I snapped. I felt him hesitate before alarm took hold. What's wrong? He asked. Something's wrong with our sires. We need to take them underground, and I don't mean underground of their residential homes. Fuck! He growled, and then he was beside me.
"Fuck!" he repeated out loud.
"You know where," Evelyn gasped, and then shrieked. A window shattered before everything went dark.
"Stay here, I'll bring the rest," Sven hissed, panic flashing in his eyes before he hid it. I nodded, and then he was gone.
"Cole, you must leave," my sire rasped.
I shook my head. "I'm not going anywhere." Her upper lip peeled back from her fangs, and she hissed. She rolled from my lap and let out a rapid string of Swedish swearwords and punched the enchanted stone wall of the huge underground cavern. "What is happening?"
"I do not know," she growled with a slight accent. I felt the stir of the air before a cursing Sven appeared with Tristan, Casiar, Taylor, Ari, and Jailyn. Evelyn started up on her screaming, and my ears throbbed painfully. Six vampires screaming and shrieking their heads off was enough to drive any sane person insane. Sven finally broke away from his sire's hold with a snarl and vanished into thin air.
"Tristan!" Jailyn shrieked over the deafening screams of the others. "Release me!" I looked at her and winced at the darkness surrounding her and Ari. Sven was back with Allia, Cailin, and Rebecka. He punched Cailin across the wide opened space before once again disappearing. I got to my feet and flashed to the door at the far side of the cavern. Leaning on it, I watched helplessly as they all writhed and bled out in a slow steady pace. Jailyn and Ari fought the darkness holding them, and I almost didn't see the mass of shadows coming for me. Oh no, Tristan, I silently thought. You are not getting me. No fucking way. I dodged the shadows, and they followed me like they had a mind of their own. Sven almost landed on top of me as I flashed all over the place. He shoved Elijah away from him and jumped backward from the grasping darkness.
"What the fuck is going on?" Sven shouted before disappearing for Riordan. I was still dodging shadows when Sven appeared with the necromancer. He lunged for me, and everything went dark.
When the darkness lifted a split second later, I found myself standing before the hidden entrance to a cave. The earth trembled slightly under me. Sven walked to the small drop-off and looked down into the water below. I joined him, wondering what the fucked just happened. "I need to get Ari and Jailyn out of there," he muttered. Taking in a deep breath, he once again, teleported. He was back a few seconds later, and the darkness around both Ari and Jailyn vanished. Jailyn lunged for me, and I didn't fight her as she knocked me to the ground and ripped into my neck. I gritted my teeth against the pain, allowing her to take her fill. Sven cursed as Ari latched onto him like a mindless predator. I just prayed to the devil that they didn't drain us. What felt like an eternity later, they both stiffened and slowly withdrew their fangs from us. Tilting their heads back, they sniffed the air. In unison, they released us. Six rogues stepped from the bushes, and before they could make it another step, they let out a scream and dropped like stone. Rubbing my healing neck, I slowly got up and looked over to Sven who was still cursing.
"Useless," Jailyn hissed and punched into the nearest rogue's chest and ripped out his heart.
"I don't think they need our help," I muttered to Sven.
He smiled coolly. "No, looks like they have it all under control." He pulled out his phone and froze as he checked it. "Shit," he muttered as I stopped beside him.
"What's up?"
"It's Kira." Go on, Ari growled in my head. Sven nodded, and putting a hand on my shoulder, he teleported.

JORDANA

Heartrending, mind numbing, claw-my-eyes-out-and-just-let-me-die pain pounded relentlessly in my head. I was so used to feeling this pain, that instead of sending me into oblivion, it only pissed me off. Shrieking, I flew myself at Ian and sent him crashing into the wall with so much force that he went through another wall before crashing to the floor just as hard. I sucked in a rasping breath and hissed at him. Groaning, he gritted his teeth as he attempted to sit up, only to fall flat on his back with a gasp. "You're saying that Tristan and the other are going through the same thing?" I hissed.
"I don't know, but according to Sven, he says it's worse than what you're feeling," Ian gasped.
"And you can't reach Tristan?" He shook his head. "Where are they?" He hesitated, and I was on him in a heartbeat. He screamed as I punched my hand into his stomach, reaching for his spinal cord.
"Santa Monica," he snarled and grimaced. I jerked my hand out and grabbed him by the throat, jerking him up until my fangs pressed against his own throat. He growled and pulled my head from his jugular. I stiffened and let out a scream as another stab of pain went through me. "You know what's going on, don't you?" Ian asked reaching for me.
"Touch me, and I'll rip off that arm and beat you with it!" I shrieked. He froze, and after a moment, he grunted and painfully got to his feet, forcing me to sprawl none too gracefully on the floor. I cursed and banged my head against the carpeted floor, wanting so badly to hunt the witches and slaughter the prissy bitches. Their scents were so ingrained in my fucked up little mind that I could pick them out of a fucking crowd. The pain finally receded, and I let out a relieved moan. Still on the floor, I breathed in deeply, in and out. The front door burst opened, and Brynna, Iris, Tate, Audrianna, Corinne, and the rest stormed in.
"Ian," Brynna growled. She paused, looking him up and down. "The fuck happened to you?"
I let out a laugh and pushed myself into a sitting position. "I was going to remove every organ from his body," I said and smirked.
"Why would you do that?" she asked slowly.
I shrugged. "Something's wrong with Sven. He's not answering me." I flashed to my feet and once again, launched myself at Ian. He grunted as I grabbed hold of his head and banged it against the wall. "Then he stops by and said Tristan is in trouble, and then out of nowhere, I get a fucking migraine," I growled as Ian tried to pushed me away.
"Brynna," Ian growled. "A little help? She's kicking my ass like she's a one-thousand-year-old vampire and not a three-hundred-year-old fledgling." The huntress snorted, and before I knew it, I was propelled across the room by some unseen force.
"I'm still a fledgling?" I asked.
Ian glared at me, rubbing his head. "No, but you get my point."
"Save the talk for later," Brynna snapped. "What the fuck is going on, and where the fuck are they?"
I smiled cruelly. "As for the where, I have no idea, but I think the witches are trying to kill them."
Brynna froze, her eyes widening in horror. "Who are they trying to kill?" she asked softly, slowly.
I shrugged. "Who knows?"
"Jordana!" she snarled, and I yelped as she grabbed me around the throat and throttled me. "You psycho bitch! For once, focus!"
I grinned. "Am I supposed to feel bad?"
She released me and shrieked. Flashing a short distance away and pulling out a blade, she threw it. I moved, but I wasn't fast enough as the blade bit into my upper arm. "If you weren't Sven's child," she snarled. "I'd have your head mounted on my wall." I jerked the blade from my arm with a grimaced and threw it back at her. She snatched it from the air and sheathed it. Then she was directly in front of me. She punched me, snapping my head back. My hands shot out, connecting with her stomach. She grunted and grabbed my wrists in an unbreakable hold.
"That's enough," Sven growled, appearing behind Brynna with an unconscious Kira in his arms. She turned and not letting go of my wrists, she let out a hiss. He put up a hand, stepping back. "I'd teleported them all to the cavern deep beneath the earth."
"Santa Monica," Brynna growled.
"Yes, but I recommend that no one step a foot into that cavern, not unless you want to die of course."
"I'm not stupid," she hissed, tightening her grip on my wrists.
"I didn't say you were."
"This is amusing and all," Tate snapped. "But what I want to know is why Kira is unconscious?"
"She had a vision," Sven growled.
Brynna cursed and finally let go of me. "What did she see?" There was an icy blast of wind before Liana, Ari, Cole, and Jailyn stalked through the opened door. I flashed to the corner of the room. There were way too many vampires around, and I was holding onto the urge to bang my head relentlessly against something, preferably something hard and unyielding.
"They're targeting Tristan," Jailyn said in a calm hypnotic tone. "Sven, what did Kira see?"
"Forty-eight witches in a huge ass circle with candles, an altar with a bowl in the center, and they were chanting something." Cole and Brynna went paler than their normal paleness and gulped. Ari looked at them in confusion.
I chuckled. "Tristan is going to destroy the world," I said with a sigh.
Ari's eyes widened. "Oh, shit."
"If he dies, we all die," said Sven. "And if he turns into a mindless beast, we'll have to put him to sleep to save the human race," he growled, and his eyes flashed with dangerous intent.
"And the vampires," Ian muttered.
"And himself," Adalyn whispered. My blood boiled as they continued to talk amongst themselves. I wanted out of this house, the need to hunt every last witch burning within me. I blinked and looked around, wondering if I could slip by them unnoticed. They continued to talk as I made my way around them, no longer caring if they saw me. Of course, I didn't get far as Liana smoothly stepped into my path. I sighed.
"Where are you off to?" she asked gently, putting a hand on my shoulder.
"Nowhere," I said flatly.
"Nowhere?" she asked slowly. "Why do I find that hard to believe?"
I took in a deep breath. "I need to kill someone," I muttered. Liana arched an eyebrow in question. "I'm not going to kill any innocent," I huffed in annoyance.
She reached out and lightly stroked my cheek. "I have your word?"
I nodded. "I give you my word."
She nodded and let out a sigh. "Be on your way," she said and stepped aside.
I flashed passed her and took in a deep breath of the fresh air. Of course, my brief relief didn't last long. White hot pain lashed through my skull, and for some reason, I knew that this wasn't the doing of the witches. Clutching my head, I staggered back inside before my world tilted, and fell away from me.
When I came to, I found myself in Liana's arms. I peeled my eyes opened and wish that I didn't as my head felt like a sledgehammer made a friendly encounter with my skull. I moaned and rubbed my forehead in a weak attempt to banish the pain. "What happened?" I asked.
"I think they were finally able to block themselves from Tristan," Iris said thoughtfully. "If not all of them, one of them, but I don't know who."
"How do you know?" Audrianna asked.
Iris shrugged. "I heard Cailin snarling in my head before I passed out."
"That's a good thing right?" Corinne asked. "I mean if they were able to sever the connection to Tristan, they will be able to help him now right?"
"Not unless you find the witch that's leading the casting," Jailyn growled. "And we don't know which coven cast the spell."
"How about we slaughter them all?" I suggested.
Liana rubbed a gentle hand up and down my back, and I didn't bother to lift my aching head from her shoulder to growl at her. "Not now, sweetheart," she whispered, low enough for only me to hear. I felt a cold blast of wind at my back, and I heard what sounded like a body hitting the floor.
"You need to keep a tighter leash on your witches, Davina," Jailyn growled, and I smiled as Davina let out an agonizing scream. "If you tell me you had no idea what some of your witches are doing to the Vampiric Council members, god help you, because I'll rip out your heart and eat it. And the moment you are dead, I'll resurrect you, and kill you all over. If you think peace will find you in death, Davina, I suggest you think again. Because there is nowhere in life or death that I won't be able to find you. Do we understand each other?" I slowly lifted my head from Liana's shoulder, and when no stab of pain sliced through my skull, I turned and smirked at the redheaded witch, still screaming and writhing on the floor. When Davina didn't answer, Jailyn smiled coldly and gestured me forward. "Davina," she said sweetly. "I'd like you to meet? Jordana."


* * * * * *



Chapter Fourteen

LORENA

Deep within the shadows just beyond the entrance of the networks of enchanted tunnels, caves, and caverns, I watched for any signs of movement. Night had fallen an hour ago, and if my brief seconds of unconsciousness wasn't telling enough, I could sense someone moving through the maze deep beneath the earth. I could also catch the scent of blood, growing closer and closer as the seconds past. Beside me, Isabelle shifted nervously. She gave a squeak of alarm, as all but Tristan, stepped through the opening. They didn't look so hot in their blood-drenched clothes, and some blood was still slowly dripping from their eyes, ears, nose, or mouths. The air suddenly became hard to breathe. They stopped just before the drop-off, and I mentally reached out to every hunter I could think of. A lone hunter was a dead hunter, and I sure as hell wasn't suicidal enough to take them all on. Even with Isabelle's help, we were no match against eight of them, let alone one. In a heartbeat or two, shadows solidify into Sven, Liana, Jailyn, Ari, Brynna, Iris, and Adalyn. More hunters dropped from the sky or appeared from thin air, as Evelyn let out a low growl. Almost a hundred hunters on the scene, we converged on them. I grabbed Evelyn and slammed her to the ground. "Hold them!" Jailyn shouted over the sound of growls, snarls, and hisses. Behind me, Violet let out a grunt, and I shivered at the cold brush of death magic. Yay for Jailyn and Violet, I thought dryly, releasing Evelyn as shadow-like tendrils rapidly wrapped themselves around her. "Sven," Jailyn yelled. "I'm going to kick your ass for that later!" she finished as he continuously banged Casiar's head on the rocks, carefully keeping all body parts from his snapping fangs. The moment shadows fell on Casiar, Sven released him and lunge for Taylor who was being mobbed by no less than ten hunters. It was all a blur, as one by one, Cailin, Elijah, Rebecka, Riordan, and Allia went down with not much of a fight. Whether it was due to not trying to kill us on their parts, I was awfully glad it went better than I had expected. Suddenly my world blurred, and I found myself about to face plant with the ground. Someone caught me as the familiar hot flash of sensation washed over me. I groaned and slumped in Ari's arms as all my strength abruptly drained from me. Violet who was holding my arm, cursed. They moved me away from the teleporting or flying hunters. It was either that or be in their way as they carried the shadow-bound vampires back to San Diego.
"I am not going in there," said Violet. "No way in hell I'm letting that bastard knock me out just by his mere presence. No offense Ari. I love Tristan and all, but I'm not that suicidal to be near him with the state he's currently in."
"None taken," Ari said, sighing.
"Put me to sleep," I said weakly to Violet.
"No," Violet and Ari said in unison before everything went dark.
Tristan's curses and screams blasted my eardrums as we appeared in the cavern several hundred feet below the earth. Violet and Ari gasped as they watched him writhed. I was too weak to let out a sound of surprise as I finally got a look at his claws. They made a painful squealing sound against the enchanted floor as he attempted to put holes in it. In this cavern and the surrounding caverns, tunnels, and caves, they hummed with hundreds of years' worth of magic, wards, and enchantments. Thanks to Brulia and her friends, the underground structure was a vampire's outlet for releasing powers in one deadly burst. Ari gently lowered me to the floor and cautiously approached Tristan. Violet followed a step behind her, a ball of writhing shadow in her right hand. Tristan eyed the black substance like it could suck him in. Ari dropped down beside him and stroked his blood-covered cheek, saying something to him I couldn't quite make out. She nodded to Violet who came over to me and helped me up. We made our way to Ari, and I lowered myself down beside her. Tristan continued to scream his outrage and pain to the heavens as I reluctantly took his hand into mine. Careful to not accidentally stab myself with one of his claws, I leaned in and brought his wrist to my mouth. I glanced at him questioningly, and with his fangs bared, he glared at me. Bite him, Ari said into my mind. I nodded, and sank my fangs into Tristan's wrist, drinking deep. I inwardly sighed in relief as strength returned to me. I quickly withdrew my fangs after one last pull of his blood. Ari continued to ask him questions as I got to my feet and turned to Violet. After a moment, Ari joined us and with one last look at Tristan, she put a hand on both of us and teleported. We appeared outside the hidden opening, and I barely caught Tristan's whisper rippling through my mind. I called out to Sven, and when he looked my way, I nodded to the opening.
"What?" he snapped, appearing directly in front of me.
"Your sire has requested your presence," Violet said dryly. He stiffened, before slowly sheathing his weapons. Taking in a deep breath, he stepped through the opening, and into the darkness.

DAVINA

I opened my eyes and just as quick, squeezed them shut. It felt like I did a header with a blunt object. Shit, how long was I out? "Hours," a singsong female voice answered. "It's midnight. Isn't that like the witching hour?"
"Jordana," a male voice warned. "Play nice."
"Yes, yes," Jordana said under her breath. I heard the opening of a door, and I inwardly cringed at the cold sting of death magic.
"Ah," a hypnotic voice said from the doorway. "She's awake." Opening my eyes, I glared at her, and then switched my glare to the insane-looking vampire standing in the corner of the room and to? what was his name? Sven, who was staring a little too hungrily at me. "Sven?" the necromancer asked. Sven tore his gaze from me to eye her questioningly. "Did you all of a sudden acquire a taste for witch blood?" Sven glanced at me before eyeing Jordana, the insane vampire in the corner. "And for vampire?" the necromancer continued.
"Perhaps," Sven said slowly. Jordana looked like she was staring off into empty space as silence hung heavy and thick in the air.
"Oh," the necromancer breathed. "Shit." Okay, that didn't sound good. Sven smiled, and it wasn't a friendly one.
"Oh shit, indeed." Jordana muttered something under her breath and moved from her corner and toward me. I eyed her suspiciously as she stopped beside me. She glanced at the necromancer who stepped into the room and closed the door with a soft snap.
"Jailyn, can I play with her? Please?" I shuddered, wondering if I could cast a spell before any of them could touch me.
"No, Jordana, not yet," said Jailyn.
Jordana pouted and jerked me into a sitting position. "I can hear your every thought, witch," she said and smiled. A chill ran up and down my spine as I watched her fangs slowly extend to their full length. "But it's not the surface of your mind I want." I stiffened. She tapped a cold finger on my forehead. "It's what you're blocking with that magical shield of yours." Out the corner of my eye, I saw Jailyn shaking her head and shrugging. Jordana frowned. "You're not afraid."
I shrugged. "You're going to kill me," I said. "I'm not afraid to die."
"Oh, no-no-no, we're not going to kill you, but if you don't cooperate, I'm going to kill your daughter."
"No!" I exclaimed. "No!"
"Awww, you don't like it? Should I bring her in? She's just in the room next door to this one."
"There is no need," said Jailyn. "She is already in the room."
Jordana looked around and scowled. "Where?" I held my breath and prayed like hell that they didn't have Carolyn. Please don't let them have her. My silent begging came to an abrupt end as the shadow beside Sven dropped to reveal Carolyn lying motionless on the floor. I knocked Jordana's hand from me and crawled over to her, reaching out to check her pulse. I breathed a sigh of relief when I found it beating strong under my fingers. Sven chuckled, and my skin crawled with unease, more uneasy than I already was.
"If you're looking for bite marks, I assure you there are none to be found," he said quietly.
"Why would I take your word for it?" I snapped, glaring up at him. Sven pitched black eyes met mine, and I shivered. "I wouldn't find any when you blood suckers can close them with one swipe of the tongue."
He smirked. "If you don't believe me, cast a lie detector spell and find out for yourself."
"Why isn't she awake? She should be awake by now," I said, hoping I could turn him into a pile of ash just by looking at him. Bastard!
"She will wake," he said slowly. "When I want her to."
I threw my hands into the air in frustration. "You asshole," I said and got to my feet. "She's my daughter, damn you hunter!" I spun about when Jordana let out a laugh verging on hysteria. "What?" She stared at me and Sven with interest that bordered on plane creepy.
"Nothing," she said, leaning forward. Her laugh turned into bouts of giggles. "Nothing at all."
Furiously rubbing the back of my neck, I turned back to Sven. "Wake her up." Ignoring his aura wrapping around me in warning, I stepped closer to him. "Wake her up or I'll? I'll?" I cursed myself when I couldn't come up with an awesome way to combust his ass to hell and back.
"You'll? what?" he whispered.
"Um? Sven? I thought I was in charge of interrogating her?" the necromancer asked.
"Patient, Jailyn. I want to hear what sweet, sweet Davina has to say."
"If you insist," she said, sighing.
"Oh, I insist." Sven's hands came down on my shoulders, and I couldn't hold back the shudder as electricity from his touch jolted through my entire body. "Now, continue, witch. You'll? what?"
I stabbed a finger into his chest, and my hands tingled with magic. "I'll? I'll come up with a spell to make your brain explode out of your ass!" I snapped. The arrogant ass got the nerve to laugh at me. "What? You don't believe I can?"
He dropped his hands from me and flashed his fangs. "Oh, I don't doubt that you can, sweetheart." I squeaked as the only dim light bulb in the room went out. I stumbled backward as mind numbing cold blast into me. Jordana, the bitch, laughed as I hit the floor, shivering.
"What are-" I broke off with a gasp. "What are you doing?" I struggled as I felt my magic draining from me. "Stop it! Stop it! You can't do this! How are you doing this?"
"Oh, you poor, poor witch," Jordana said sweetly.
"Tell me, Davina," said Sven. "Have you ever wondered what it's like to live without your magic?"
"You can't do this," I said and almost cried in relief when the draining abruptly stopped. I was extremely low on magic, but having some was better than none. One casting of a major spell would surely drain me completely.
"Oh," Sven said softly, and I let out a squeak at how close he was. Shit, I didn't even hear him move. "You have no idea what I can, or can't do. And, you didn't answer my question."
I let out a huff. "Yes," I grudgingly admitted. "I have."
He chuckled. "So have I," he whispered. "I wondered what it is like to be human again. Five thousand years as vampire overshadows my thirty years of my very short, short human life. I barely remember anything from my days as a human."
My breath caught in my throat, and my heart pounded loud in my ears. "You're not Sven," I breathed.
"Ding-ding-ding-ding-ding," Jordana said cheerfully. "Congratulation, you just won yourself a seven-day, six-night getaway to a tropical location of your choosing!" she exclaimed in an imitation of a game show host.
"You're not Sven," I repeated and mentally smacked myself for not noticing it earlier. Stupid, stupid, stupid!
"What gave it away?" Sven asked in amusement.
I shrugged. "Does it matter?"
"No, it doesn't." I stiffened as I heard Carolyn groaning. "Are you going to cooperate, Davina? Or, do I have to hurt your sweet, precious daughter?"
I gulped. "Don't you dare lay a finger on her."
"Mom?" I closed my eyes, wondering how I got myself into this mess. "What's going on?"
"As Jailyn so well put it, you need to keep a tighter leash on your witches," Sven coolly reminded me. "So, what shall it be? Cooperate? Or?" Carolyn yelped, and I cursed.
"Don't hurt her. Please, don't hurt her."
"I won't, if you give me what I want."
"The other elders will be looking for me."
"Oh, I believe they already are."
"Jordana, no," Jailyn growled, and I let out a small scream as cold hands wrapped around my throat and lifted me off the floor. I kicked out and connected with a body part. Jordana grunted, and I sucked in a pained breath as she slammed me against a wall. A low growl escaped her, and I cringed as I felt her breath against my neck. Her hold tightened, and I struggled to breathe.
"Does this hurt, witch?" she purred in my ear. "Does it hurt to breathe?"
"Yes," I wheezed. "Look, Jordana, I'm sorry for what happened-"
"Are you?" she hissed, and white light exploded before my eyes as she bashed my head into the wall. "Are you really?"
"Jordana!" Sven said sharply. "Enough!" She released me, and I slid to the floor, gasping and moaning.
"Why," she snarled. "Won't you let me kill her?"
"I understand your hatred for witches, but we need her alive, sweetheart."
"You don't understand shit!" A door slammed, and Jordana's screams of outrage quickly died off as she moved further away. Sven sighed, and I continued to slowly take in air through my semi-crushed windpipe.
"Go after her," said Jailyn. "I got it from here, and don't worry, I will get answers out of her." I cried out and curled into myself as what felt like being ripped in two came over me. "You, have my word."

JORDANA

I stomped up the stairs, seething and seeing red. I slammed open Tristan's fortified door and continued up another flight of stairs. Cursing and screaming, I ran up four more flights of stairs before stopping at the last door. I banged on the steel door with my fists, hard enough to split knuckles. Panting, I kicked open the door and in lightning speed, I flew through it. Stopping at the window, I let my forehead hit the cool pane. A hand rested on my back, and I glared at the view outside. "Go away," I muttered. Sven's hand moved to my shoulder, and I hissed at him as he turned me around to face him.
"I'm sorry," he said, and I glared at him.
"Are you Sven?"
He grimaced. "It's me." He moved to my side and urged me forward. "I need a drink, and you could do with one as well," he said, glancing down at my hands, where blood slowly dripped to the floor. Pausing, he slipped on his sunglasses before opening the front door. My world fragmented, and I blinked. Sven put a hand on the back of my neck and led me outside and into the shades of trees. With a finger under my chin, he lifted my head until I was looking him in the eye. "Jordana," he said gently. "Come back to me." No way, this headspace is just fine. A pained look flashed in his eyes, and he sighed, pulling me into his arms. Burying my face in the hollow of his neck, I sighed.
"You smell like Tristan. Did you have sex with him?" I giggled as he stiffened.
"Please tell me you did not just ask me that."
I laughed. "I did."
He groaned. "The answer is no, and don't ever asked me that question again."
"Yes, sire. I'll do whatever you say, sire. Whatever you demand of me, sire."
"Stop it," he warned, and then we both stiffened as we caught the scent of?
"Shifter," I hissed. His arms tightened around me as I made a move to pull away.
"Wait," he whispered in my ear. "Wait."
"For what?"
"What is one of the rules of being a hunter?"
I paused, trying to remember. It had been over two hundred years since I was a hunter, and at that time, I was a hunter in training. "Be patient?" I asked hesitantly.
"Good girl." He ran his hand up and down my back in a soothing manner. "Stay very still for me. Can you do that?" I reluctantly nodded. He stilled. "Good, I'll let you do the catching, but first, we see what he's doing around this area."
"Promise?"
"I promise, and then you and I, will go witch hunting."
I grinned evilly. "About fucking time." Chuckling, and with me still in his arms, my sire teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifteen

KIRA

"Kira, wake up." Groaning, I struggled to open my eyes with no success. "Come on, kid."
"Cole?" I asked weakly.
"It's me and Ian."
"What happened? I feel like shit."
"You had a vision," Ian said hesitantly.
"My vision came true," I breathed and forced my eyes to open. I struggle to sit up, only to have the world tilt on me. Ian's hand caught me and pushed me back down on the bed. "Are they okay?"
"Yes. And no," Cole said, his aura biting into me.
"What do you mean?"
"Tristan is down for the count."
I stiffened. "And the others? Elijah? Evelyn?"
"They're busy blocking themselves from Tristan, so? they're technically down too."
"Where are they?"
"They're safe," Ian said reassuringly. Before I could demand that they show me, my vision went dark, and I tensed as an image of someone appeared in my mind. Someone I couldn't make out, but I knew that he was a vampire. It was suddenly gone just as quickly as it came on. I blinked, remembering that it was the same vampire I saw when the vision of witches knocked my ass unconscious.
"Kira," Cole said, hand on my shoulder. "What's wrong?"
"There was a vampire," I said thoughtfully.
He and Ian both frowned at me. "A vampire?"
"In the vision."
"Who?" Ian asked.
"No idea, I couldn't see his face."
"Did this vampire? say anything to you?"
I shook my head. "He just showed himself to me again just now."
"Hmm," Cole said thoughtfully. "What was this vampire doing in the vision? The one with the witches?"
"Nothing, it looked like he wasn't a part of whatever the witches were doing. It looked like two separate visions, and he was alone."
"Interesting," he said, removing his hand from my shoulder. Grumbling about something to do with witches, he started pacing around the room in an agitated motion. "When I get my hands on those witches I swear I'll?" He cursed and ran his fingers through his short blond hair. The door opened, and Donnica entered with a scowl.
"Witches, huh?" she asked. Cole grunted.  "Well, shit."
"Tell me about it," he muttered under his breath.
"Anything I can do to help?"
"No, not unless you know how to find four covens responsible for putting Tristan in a world of hurt, and you know when he's in pain, Evelyn and the rest are affected just as greatly." She winced, stopping beside the bed and sitting down.
"Four covens?" I asked, frowning. I took the bag of blood Donnica was holding out to me and moving into a sitting position, I punctured it.
"Each coven consists of twelve witches, and one elder," Ari said, appearing in the doorway.
"And? how many elders are there?" I asked around the half empty plastic bag.
"Twelve."
I quickly drained the bag and crushed it in my hand. "How do you know an elder is not involved?"
"We don't," said Ian. "But I bet you anything an elder is involved. This is a huge ass spell cast on Tristan."
"Then we have to find this vampire in my vision," I said and tossed the crumpled-up plastic into the trash under the window.
"How?" Donnica asked. "You don't even know what he looks like."
"Maybe he'll show himself to me again?" I shrugged.
"Maybe," Cole said thoughtfully. "But I'm not going to sit around and do nothing. If the vampire community gets wind of what has happened to the Council, there's going to be a worldwide uproar." He glanced around the room and sighed. "The death of Avery was bad enough, we don't need another one."
"No, we don't," Ari said with a sigh. I swallowed hard and shoved the sadness threatening to come over me down. This was not the time to get all teary eyed and weepy.
"I'm going with you," I said to Cole.
"Who says I'm going anywhere?" I just stared at him. He sighed. "I have a feeling that this will be dangerous, kid."
"I've been in dangerous situations many times," I huffed, getting to my feet.
"And what will happen to me if I get you killed?" Before I could respond, there was a knock on the outside door. Moving as one, we moved into the living room and up the two steps. I reached out to open the door, and Alexander took a step back, hands raised.
"Did we interrupt something?" he asked.
"No, no," I said. "Come in." Cole and Ian remained by the door as Ari, Donnica, and I led Alexander and Natalia into the sunken living room. I turned back to the door held opened by Ian and frowned at the shifter still standing outside the door. The shifter nodded to Ian who followed him out into the hall. Cole shrugged and jumped the two steps. He frowned at Alexander who looked like he was having a mind-to-mind conversation with Ari. I went over to the couch and dropped down beside Natalia, who was happily sucking on an apple flavored blow pop. "Do I get one?" I asked, eyeing the bag of candy she was holding.
"Cherry?" she asked.
"Do you have grape?" She rummaged around until she found what she was looking for. Pulling out the grape that I wanted, she held it out to me. I took it from her and grinned. "Thanks, you're the best."
"Natalia," Ari groaned.
"What?" the vampire child asked innocently. I quickly removed the wrapper and stuck it in my mouth before it could be snatched away from me. "It's not chocolate."
"It doesn't matter if it's chocolate or not."
"Oh well," Natalia said in a singsong voice. I stuck my tongue out at Ari and smirked. Childish of me, but hey, who could blame me for wanting to lighten the mood in a grim situation? If I couldn't kill, then I might as well try to get on everybody's last nerve, which by the way, I hadn't succeeded in yet. Ari sighed, shaking her head at me.
"Kira," Cole said, resigned. "If you're going to come with me then get your ass over here." I looked at him, and giving Natalia a pat on the head, I got up and flashed to his side. "Ian and Donnica are tagging along."
"To keep me from doing something stupid?" I asked. He glared at me, and without another word, he gestured to the door.
In the Council's underground garage, Cole cursed and cursed some more as he tossed the venom-coated silver chains into the trunk of a black car with tinted windows. Glaring at his burnt hand, he tossed bags after bags on top of the chains and slammed the trunk closed. "Do we need the chains?" I asked, sliding into the backseat of the car. Donnica shrugged as she got in next to me and slammed the door shut.
"The silvers are for the shifters," Ian said, opening the passenger door and getting in. "The venom-coated ones?" He shrugged. "Ask Cole."
I snorted. "How will I know the difference?"
"Well," Cole said in annoyance. "If your hands or any of your body parts starts burning, that's our special venom one." He got in and started up the car and backed out of the garage.
"Right, I'll keep that in mind," I said dryly.
He let out a sharp breath. "The one with venom has more of a?" He paused, grimacing. "Gleam to it?"
"Ah," I said in false cheerfulness. "The very shiny ones are the ones coated with venom, got it."
"Hmm, that got me thinking," Ian said as we finally pulled onto the streets. "Elijah should think about making handcuffs. Be nice if brainless assholes didn't try to free themselves by chopping off their own hands in an attempt to escape."
Cole arched an eyebrow. "He already made a few of those. They haven't been issued to the hunters and the rest of the lackeys."
"You know this? how?"
"I was one of the testers," he muttered.
"By your muttering, I take that it was very effective." The sound of me crunching on my candy brought Ian's head around to look at me. I gave him a shrug and stared out the window, scowling. Swallowing and finishing it off, leaving only a stick, I turned to Ian and chucked it at him. He caught it of course and glowering at me, he dropped it into a bag between him and Cole.
"So," said Donnica. "How long has your sire been down, Ian?"
Ian glanced out the window, into the fading daylight. "Two days, give or take." I inwardly shuddered, unable to imagine what hell my sire was going through.
"Damn," Donnica breathed. "That fucking sucks."
"Yes, it does," Cole said, exasperated, as someone landed on the roof of the car with a thump.
"Is it finally time for some entertainment?" I asked as he pulled over onto the side of the road. Ian threw the door opened and was out in the blink of an eye, un-holstering a gun as he went. Where the hell did he get that awesome gun from? I thought as I followed Donnica out of the car. Ian disappeared into the darkness just as half a dozen shifters in their animal form came from the sky and the surrounding darkness. Only one was in human form, and he was headed straight for me. I cursed and unsheathed a blade, briefly glancing at it to make sure that it was silver and not your ordinary carbon steel.
"Damn, Kira, they must really like you," Donnica said under her breath.
"I know," I drawled and kicked a werewolf in his side, sending him careening into the tree several yards away. The sounds of grunts and snarls were all around me as I lunged for the one heading right at me. We crashed into each other, and as we both staggered from the impact, I swept his legs from under him. He grunted as his back slammed against the uneven ground. He rolled, flipping me. In the blink of an eye, he had shifted into a tiger. I gasped as his claws raked down my chest, shredding my shirt. I painfully drew my arm from under my back and drove the silver blade into his side. He let out a pained yowl and rolled off of me. My ears rang as a loud pop went off like a gunshot with a silencer. I hung on to the hilt of the blade as I moved into a sitting position, and growling, I yanked it out, blood flying into the air like a cloud of red mist. Before I could stab him again, a bright flash blinded me. I fell back, arm over my eyes. Cursing, I got to my feet and lowering my arm, I looked around. A wolf came up behind Cole who was staring off into the distance. His lips twitched as his hand casually reached back and caught the wolf around the throat. Donnica straightened from a dead shifter, her eyes gleaming. Ian strode from the trees, holstering a smoking gun.
"Did you really think that you could catch me off guard, pup," Cole asked, hissing as the werewolf clawed open his arm. Cole's hand tightened ever so slightly, and the shifter continued to claw at him, twisting and kicking. The air suddenly felt heavy, and I watched as the wolf shifted to human. Cole abruptly dropped him, like he had been burned.
"You fucking ass!" the naked shifter hissed, rolling and gracefully getting to his feet. I stared wide-eyed as his wounds healed. I knew shifters healed fast, but not that fast.
"Oliver," Cole growled. Oliver hastily backed up as a silver blade appeared in Cole's hand. The shifter hissed, and I let out a squeak as I saw fangs, vampire fangs and a clear fluid dripping from them. Cole smiled. "Having trouble with controlling the amount of venom to secrete?"
Oliver spat on the ground. "No."
"Ah," Cole said thoughtfully, twirling the blade between his fingers. "Did your sire abandon you, you poor thing?"
"I don't even know who my sire is."
"Such a shame."
Oliver waved his hand in front of him impatiently. "Shae and her minions are on their way here."
Cole arched an eyebrow. "You cause the death of your friends just to tell me that? Have you heard of telepathy? Or a cell phone for that matter?" Oliver bared his fangs and took a step toward Cole who pointed the silver blade at his throat. I frowned, just noticing the black circle the size of my fist over Oliver's heart. I walked to Donnica's side. "I'd be very careful of what I do or say next, if I were you," Cole said in a deadly, soft tone. I shivered.
"What is that over his heart?" I whispered to her.
Donnica shuddered and glanced away from the mark. "The mark of death," she whispered, low enough for only me to hear. Behind us, Ian whistled.
"Damn, I feel bad for you," he muttered under his breath. "At least your death will be quick."
"What?" Oliver asked, taking a step toward us, ignoring the warning, and the tip of the blade still pointed at his throat.
"Nothing," said Ian. "I was just wondering how long you have left to live."
"Ian," Cole said in a warning tone.
"What?" Ian said defensively. "I didn't say anything." Cole sighed, and muttered what sounded suspiciously like, "Children."
"That doesn't sound like-" Oliver began, and then dodged as Cole jabbed the blade toward him.
"Pay attention, fledgling," Cole snapped. The fledgling, Oliver, eyed the blade nervously. "When are Shae and her friends getting here?"
"She didn't say."
"Then I suggest you go back to your job and find out." Oliver glared at the hunter, before spinning around and stalking away. "And oh, Oliver?" At the corner, Oliver stopped and turned. "Next time we meet, I suggest you take my warning very, very seriously." He gestured to the dead shifters. "And as for the bodies of your friends, take care of them, or I'm going to burn them." Cole nodded to us and headed for the car that was miraculously freed of blood and flesh as Oliver moved the body of his friends from human eyes.
"That's a nice dent on the roof there," Donnica said dryly as we got in. Cole slammed the driver side door shut and glancing around the scene one last time, started up the car and pulled away, cursing under his breath.
"The moment Tristan wakes up, I'm ordering him to kill Oliver," he growled.
"Ordering?" I asked, rubbing flecks of dry blood from my arm and chest. "How old are you?"
He glanced at me in the rearview mirror. "That's none of your business."
"Oh, I would like to see that," said Donnica. "You ordering Tristan around? I wonder if he'll make your heart explode from your chest for even daring."
Cole snorted. "He wouldn't. Evelyn will kill him."
"Speaking of heart exploding from chest," I said. "What is the mark of death? exactly?"


* * * * * *



Chapter Sixteen

LORENA

I surfaced from what felt like a cold sticky spider web of darkness. I blinked and looked around, the gentle breeze of the cold wind lifting my hair slightly from my neck. All around me was nothing but? ice? Turning, I scanned the icy landscape stupidly. Was I actually dreaming, or had my power gone haywire while I was sleeping? I yelped as my surrounding evolved itself into a? beach? I stared incredulously at the white sand, hearing the sound of crashing waves in the distance as the sun beat down on my neck. Shaking my head, I thought of woods, and trees, and the night sky, and was rewarded as my surrounding once again shuddered and changed. I looked around, and nodded at the huge trees around me. Better, I thought and stared up at the stars. I heard a sigh coming from behind me, and I spun around, peering into the trees and beyond, seeing nothing. The air stirred, and the shadow dropped to reveal Tristan, standing very still, his body rigid. "Okay," I said with a heavy sigh. "Now I know I'm really dreaming." I looked him up and down, and realized belatedly that he was naked.
"I was planning to surf," he said and slowly relaxed his body. "But, since you changed the scenery?" Black loose-fitting pants and shirt appeared on his body, and he sighed.
"You could always change it back to the beach," I suggested. "And tell me you weren't really thinking of surfing."
"No, I wasn't." I let out a small gasp as I felt a gentle tug in the center of my being. It was like the tugging when a necromancer was trying to take a soul, but on some subconscious level, I could tell the difference. Especially when I got the sudden urge to go to him, like a marionette with its string pulled.
"I hate it when you do that," I complained as I, against my will, walked toward him. I stopped before him, looking at him curiously.
"You are dreaming," he whispered in my ear, his arms encircling me.
"You're really here?" I asked.
"I am," he said, nuzzling my neck. "It was about time someone went to sleep." I moved my hand to his throat and shivered. He was cold, very cold, and that was really, really bad. If he were awake, he'd have no sense of himself or anyone around him. He'd be a raging, mindless beast. The thought of him losing it completely, unable to come back to himself was a frightening concept. My sire's fangs grazed my neck, and he pulled back slightly to look me in the eye. His eyes were pure white, cold as death. My breath caught in my throat, and my heart was suddenly pounding as overwhelming fear crashed into me.
"Tristan," I squeaked. "Don't." But it was too late as my breathing grew into pants, and my heart pounded faster. Any faster, and it might just explode from my chest. Tilting his head back, he sucked in a shuddering breath. "Dream walking," I said breathlessly. He slowly blinked, and little by little, the overwhelming feeling of fear eased, until I was able to breathe normally.
"Lorena," he rasped and dropped his arms from around me. He would've backed away if I hadn't reach up and gripped his arm. He let out a long groan. "You never ventured into the dream realm before," I said.
"There was never a need," he said through gritted teeth. "You must release me if you're not offering up a vein."
I frowned. "Whatever happens in the dream realm stays in the dream realm."
"Is that what you think?" he asked.
I huffed. "It's not like there's a book lying around somewhere that I could flip through," I said defensively.
"And there's a reason to why there are no books or any records to be found," he said and looked at me, or more precisely, the hand that was still gripping his upper arm. "Anything that happens in the dream world happens in the real world."
"Oh, great," I said, dropping my hand from him. "So if you happen to manifest a gun and put a bullet in my head, I'll wake up with a pounding headache, in my own pool of blood, and a bullet lodged in my skull?"
"Exactly."
"Well," I said, stepping back from him and throwing my hands into the air in exasperation. "Is there anything you Tronis's can't do? Here I am, the?" I scowled. "The vampire freak of nature. I can't go a day without drinking two, at least two pints of your blood, and mind you, your," I continued, putting emphasis on the word 'your.' "Blood so that my stomach doesn't feel like it is being melted by acid. I tried drinking from other vampires, and you know how ineffective that turned out." I glared at him and buffeted him with wind, hard enough to knock him on his ass. "And now, you're stuck underground, in a fucking cave so you don't destroy the whole fucking world! Ari and Jailyn are snatching witches left and right and center, and Adalyn is off doing who knows what with that Alek guy. Sven and Jordana are on a witch hunt to Jordana's delight. The whole fucking Council is still down for the count. I swear there's going to be a fucking bloodbath when we find the witches holding your brain on a fucking burner and kill them, and then we'll be busy keeping the whole fucking Council from killing us, each other, or the world. What the fuck are the witches on? Are they on crack? Are they trying to start the fucking apocalypse? What the fuck were they fucking thinking, siding with the fucking shifters? Especially that fucking bitch ass of a fucking tramp? If the whole vampire community found out what happened, there's going to be a fucking riot, and I don't even want to think about that." I flopped down on the ground beside him with a huff, my abrupt ranting coming to a sudden end. Tristan remained silent, and as still as a statue, his hunger beating insistently against me.
"Well," he said slowly. "I can give you the name of one of the elders, if you like."
I stiffened. "What did you say?" He got to his feet, holding his hand out to me. I took it and was upright in a heartbeat.
"You heard me. She goes by the name of Adaira."
I nodded, imprinting the name into my mind for later. "How can I find her?"
He shrugged. "That, I don't know."
"How are they able to cast a spell on you? They don't have anything that belongs to you, do they?" Tristan's lip peeled back from his fangs, and I took a step back, suddenly wishing I hadn't asked the question. A low growl issued from him, and the air crackled against my skin.
"No," he said in a low deadly tone. My heart skipped a beat. There was a 'but' in there somewhere. "But they have something of Avery's."
"And that would be?" I asked carefully.
My sire stared at me for so long I thought he wasn't going to answer. "His blood."
I blinked. "But he's?" I hesitated. "But he's dead."
"He may be dead," he said softly. "But his blood is very, very potent. Even after death."
"And his blood still links to you and the others."
He reached out and cupped my chin with his ice-cold hand. "The blood that runs within your veins is like a witch's dream come true, especially for those who delve in dark magic."
"That's why you're always hard on me when I bleed during battles, and why you burn everything." He shrugged. I encircled his wrist and frowned at him. "Are you in torpor at the moment?"
His eyes narrowed. "Would I be here if I were?" I shook my head. "But I am very close to slipping. Find Adaira and the rest of her witches, and pray that when I wake, I will be too weak to level the world."
"I'll do that," I said softly.
He released me and stepped in close. "But before I release you to the world of the living so to speak?" He moved, and before I could do anything, I found myself taking in what was left of his blood. I struggled, but it was like struggling against a brick wall. From now until I awaken, he said into my mind. You will not feel the pain for the need of my blood. I cannot take it away completely, but it will be enough for you to function. No, I silently protested. He ignored me, and I continued to swallow the fizzing blood down my throat. When you and the others come for me, do not awaken me until you know that I am secured away from civilization. Do not, and I repeat, do not wake me the moment you come for me. Do you understand, Lorena? That goes for you, and the others, especially? Ariella. My mouth felt numb as he pulled back from me slightly, and the numbness slowly crept its way throughout my entire body. "Give me your word, sweetheart," he whispered in my ear. Moving sluggishly, I put my arms around him and hugged him to me. "Give me your word," he repeated as the landscape blurred around us.
"I-I?" He looked into my eyes, and I bit my lower lip, hard.
"Your word."
"I give you my word that I or the others won't wake you until we are sure that you're secured away from civilization," I whispered. I once again found my fangs buried deep in his neck, and I was somehow swallowing against my own volition. Tristan's eyes closed, as I drew the last drop of his blood down my throat. The dream along with Tristan faded, and I sat bolt upright, gasping.
I sat there, taking in air, the lingering taste of Tristan's blood still in my mouth. Holy shit, I thought. It was all real. My heart hammering against my chest, I got unsteadily to my feet and walked to the window, pulling back the curtain and looked outside. It was a little after midnight, and I couldn't believe I sent my own sire into torpor. Granted it was against my will, but still. I let the curtain fall back in place and stood there, as the cold aura of Jailyn drew closer. There was a soft knock before the door was pushed open. Jailyn entered, her unblinking black eyes immediately landing on me. Frowning, she came closer, until she was standing in front of me. Her nostrils flared, and her frown turned into a scowl. "You have blood on your mouth," she said, and my tongue darted out to lick away the remaining blood. "And?" she continued, looking around the room. "You smell like your sire." I wrinkled my nose. Honestly, did she really have to say that? Jailyn sighed. "Yes, I had to say it. You haven't been near him in days. Yesterday, it was faint like usual, and now his scent is suddenly stronger on you." She reached out and touched me lightly. "What happened?" she asked quietly. "I heard you gasping, and I came to check if you were all right."
"I drained him," I said and sighed.
Jailyn took a startled step back from me. "You did? what?"
"He like pulled me into the dream realm. We talked for a bit, and at the end, he forced me to drain him of every last drop of what was left of his blood."
"What did he say?"
"He gave me the name of one of the elders that's involved with frying his brain. He says she goes by the name of Adaira, but he doesn't know where to find her."
Jailyn's smile was creepy. "Yes," she said thoughtfully. "Davina had mentioned her. Did he say anything else?"
"He made me give him my word that we wouldn't wake him when we go back for him. He says not to wake him until we are sure that he's secured away from civilization."
She nodded thoughtfully, her eyes going unfocused. "How are you feeling?" she asked and refocused on me. "The others are stirring. We have to feed them."
I nodded. "I'm well enough to donate."
"Come, then. They are down stair, bound tightly by my magic." She smirked. "Not even Allia can break free."
My lips twitched. "Thank the world for death magic," I said dryly as I followed her out of the room.
"Then again, Violet and Jude were helping me. On top of all that, Davina, Brulia and their witchy friends weaved quite a bit of their own juju."
"I'm starting to hate witches," I muttered under my breath.
Jailyn stopped in front of a door and turned to me. "Yes, I know," she said softly. "But like in all races, there are both sides. The good side and the bad side. And let's not forget those who don't pick sides at all."
"I know," I said with a groan. "I know, but it's so hard to love witches when they're at the moment, responsible for attempting to start the apocalypse."
Jailyn punched in the code to disarm the alarm and such, and frowned at me. "An apocalypse? Let's hope that it doesn't come to that," she said and opened the reinforced steel door. She put a hand on me and leaned in. "You may want to cloak your scent. Ari is coming, and you don't want to tip her off that you've been with Tristan. She's going to freak, and not in a good way, either." I nodded, and cloaking my scent, followed her down the stairs, as chills came over me. It was eerily silent as she led me through another door. The back of my neck prickled as more vampires appeared behind us.
"This shall be interesting," Corinne muttered. "Let's hope we all survive, huh?"
"Wait here," Jailyn said and pushed open another door. We all came to a stop as she entered the pitched black room. "Davina, how's our vampires fairing?"
"Not funny," said Davina.
"I wasn't laughing, witch."
"Are they awake? Is that why you came down here?"
"Yes, they are, and they're quite? hungry. And you? You're going to become munchies for one of them. Take your pick. Who shall it be? Will you pick Allia? Or perhaps Elijah?"
"Neither," Davina grumbled.
"Well," Jailyn said with a huff. "You're no fun."
"I'm a witch, not a blood donor."
"Hmm," Jailyn said thoughtfully. "Let's fix that."
"No!" But it was too late, as I heard the stab of blade against flesh, and Davina let out a gasp. "Bitch!" My skin crawled, and I shivered as a low growl reverberated throughout the room.
"Evelyn is very hungry. Be a good witch and feed her. I'll make sure that she doesn't drain you," Jailyn said dryly. She walked back to us and nodded. "We're going to do this one by one. If I release them all at once, it's going to be a disaster." I nodded. "Brynna, you'll feed your sire of course, and Lorena, you can feed Allia along with Hayley."
"Got it," I said, and nodded to Hayley. We stepped into the room, and the door behind us slammed shut with a resounding boom.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seventeen

JORDANA

"Here witchy-witchy-witchy," I sang. "I have a present for you. I promise you'll like it." I inhaled the blood saturated air and smiled. "Come out to play?" I asked with a pout. I ran a finger absent-mindedly along the flat side of my blade and scowled. "There's one more, and she's hiding." I kicked a filing cabinet, and it toppled onto its side, breaking open with an ear-splitting clang-contents spilling onto the floor in a messy pile. "Where is she hiding?" I looked around and made my way out of the room, smashing the security monitor as I went. I stopped before Sven and eyed him. "Sire," I said, still pouting. "I can't find the last one. Where is she?"
"She's right here," he said, and I blinked as a witch hit the blood-coated floor with a small scream of pain.
"Where was she?" I asked, sheathing my blade. Bending down, I smiled at the witch.
"Oh, she was about to try to make a run for the nearest exit a floor up," he said casually.
"Do you talk?" I asked sweetly. I poked her in her side, and she whimpered. "Oh, look, she can make sounds come out of her mouth. I wonder what else she can do? Can she scream?" Sven chuckled, as I slammed into the witch's mind. What is your name? I sang into her head as she let out a bloodcurdling scream. I ruthlessly went through her memories and smiled as I once again saw the ritual of candles. "We got another one," I said and reluctantly pulled out. The witch continued to clutch her head as blood poured from her eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. Sven nodded, as his eyes went unfocused. He again nodded and knelt on the witch's other side. He cupped her chin and forced her eyes to his.
"Where is Adaira?" Sven asked. The witch took in a deep shuddering breath and sneered at him. My blood, already burning, burned even hotter. His cool hand caught my own in his before I could strangle her to death.
"You can't compel me, hunter," she spat. His hand tightened as I struggled to hold on to reality. His thumb rubbed the back of my hand in a soothing gesture as I trembled with the urge to bash the witch's skull open and feast on her brain. The witch grunted as Sven tightened his hold on her jaw.
"If I were you, I'd carefully choose my next word? wisely."
"Or what?" she challenged. I shuddered, as the feeling of emptiness came over me. It was like? the feeling that nothing mattered. It was like a bubble of transparent shield erected in my mind. I saw, heard, and felt everything, but it was like I was in my own little world. I couldn't escape the bubble unless something popped it. Damn the witches, damn them all.
"You just signed your death sentence," Sven muttered, though it sounded so far away. He was suddenly beside me and putting a hand on my cheek, he turned my head until I was staring into his pitched black eyes. "Jordana, sweetheart, can you hear me?" I smiled, and nodded. "Do me a favor?" I again nodded. He leaned in. "Tell me who Adaira is and where she is," he whispered low in my ear. "Or will you allow me to compel her?"
I shook my head slowly. "You can't," I said flatly. "She's wearing a protection charm. I can feel it."
Sven nodded. "Can I remove it from her?"
"You can't, she'll have to fart it out of her ass." He blinked, and then burst out laughing. I giggled and turned to the witch. Her eyes widened as my hands shot out to clamp tightly around her neck. She beat at my arms as I continued to giggle. I banged her head repeatedly against the floor and ignoring the sudden supersonic charge that was suddenly in the air, I grabbed the witch's head. Spitting blood at me, I cracked her skull open against the unforgiving floor. Her body stiffened, convulsed, and went still. Growling, I reached inside her skull and not caring someone could get a drop on me, I casually began to eat the witch's brain. Images immediately assailed my mind, and I whimpered, wanting to bang my head against something solid. They continued to flash in my mind as I quickly devoured the brain. When I was done, I shook my head vigorously as power surged throughout my body. An image of her and a white cat brought my head shaking to an abrupt halt. "Oh, what is this?" I asked cheerfully. "Kitty-kitty-kitty! Pretty, pretty kitty. Yummy kitty." A hand landed on my head, and I glanced up. I blinked. "Elijah?" I asked stupidly. "What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be like? screaming your head off?" He crouched beside me, his hand dropping to my shoulder. He glanced at the dead witch and gave a disappointed sigh. "Sorry," I muttered as my stomach clenched painfully. Balls, I needed to feed, and it wasn't on brains this time.
"Jordana," said Elijah.
"Hmm?"
"Show me." I grimaced, knowing exactly what he wanted me to show him. "Show me," he repeated in a softer tone. I nodded, and projected what I gathered from the dead witch to him. His dark red eyes grew darker by the second.
"That bitch!" Brynna growled, stepping from a room down the hall. "Needs to fucking die, like yesterday!" She flashed down the hall toward us. She kicked the dead witch out of her way and stared up at the ceiling. "One of them has to be Adaira," she said thoughtfully under her breath. Elijah's hand tightened on my shoulder.
"Let's get out of here," said Sven. Elijah straightened as Sven held out his hand to me. He sighed when I just stared at him. "Come on, take my hand," he said dryly. My lips twitched as I put my own hand in his. I was on my feet in a heartbeat. "Where to?" he asked Elijah. Sven nodded, and everything went dark.
We appeared in Tristan's apartment, three hundred and fifty feet below the Council building. Glancing at the couch behind me, I slowly sat and looked around. "Ella," I called out in a singsong voice.
"Oh, how I wish I can call her Ella without any repercussion," Brynna muttered under her breath. I lowered my head-my long blonde hair falling to block my face.
"I heard that, Brynna," Ari said, stepping from the bedroom. She crossed the living room and stopped in front of me. She put a cool hand under my chin and lifted my head, brushing my hair out of my face. I stared into her dark red eyes as she studied me intently. "So," she said, dropping her hand. She pointed to the door that led into the bathroom. I slowly got to my feet and pouting, I walked into the bathroom. Spotting the mirror over the sink, I contemplated on shattering it. While Ari spoke with Sven, Elijah, and Brynna, I washed blood and brain matter off my face. Stomach still demanding that I suck someone dry, I glared at my reflection in the mirror. I still had blood in my hair and down the front of my white shirt. Feeling like I was in a dream, I turned and walked out of the bathroom. I paused as I saw Tate standing in front of the door that led out into the hall.
"Tate!" I said cheerfully.
"Jordana," Tate said hesitantly. Ari waved to him as he took the two steps down into the sunken living room. He came over to me and led me back to the couch, gently pushing me down. A hot blood bag was suddenly pressed into my hand, and I reluctantly took it from him. I stared at the plastic bag labeled, 'AP' on it.
"I don't want this," I said, still staring at it. Tate dropped down beside me and took the bag from my hand.
"Do you not like this blood type?" he asked as Sven and Elijah continued to talk to one another. Ari sat down on my other side and rested her hand on my arm.
"I don't like drinking from plastic blood bags period," I said, annoyed. Ari took the blood bag from Tate and pressed it to my mouth.
"Please?" she asked when I leaned away from it. I glared at her.
"I don't like it," I hissed, squeezing my eyes shut so she couldn't compel me. I didn't know if she could mind whammy me, but she was mated to Tristan, and who knows what powers she gained from bonding to him.
Ari sighed. "If you drink this, I promise I'll take you out hunting." I opened my eyes and scowled at her. She once again pressed the bag to my mouth. Suddenly Elijah was in front of me. I shoved Ari's hand away and jumped up from the couch. I tried to flash passed Elijah, but of course, instead of having luck on my side, I crashed into him. I growled and pounded on his chest as he steadied me.
"Stop," Elijah said, tightening his hold around me. Still growling, I tried to bite him. His cool hand wrapped around my throat, he pushed me away from him. My body tingled as I mentally reached out to grab the lamp off the table. He released me and ducked, catching the lamp before it could shatter on his head. Too bad, it would've made my day. Sven grabbed my arm just as white-hot pain took away my breath. A high-pitched ringing sound started up in my ears, and I moaned. Beside me, my sire sucked in a sharp breath, letting it out in a hiss of pain. It felt like my entire body was on fire, but when I looked down, my clothes were still intact, and my skin wasn't blistering. Sven let go of me as I took in shallow breaths, trying to ease the pain.
"I," Sven growled. "Am really starting to hate witches."
"It's not witches," said Elijah. I just blinked at him, and then I let out a bloodcurdling scream as I felt a sharp tug in the center of my being, a split second before I was literally ripped out of my body.
Sven screams of outrage could probably be heard a couple of states away, Brynna's curses could make your ears bleed, and Ari looked like she wanted to plunged that sharp ass deadly looking blade into someone's eye socket. No longer feeling the pain, I screamed in terror as I was pulled by some unseen force to the door. When I went through it, I knew I was no longer corporeal. This was starting to piss me off. I knew for a fact that it wasn't Jailyn, Casiar, or Riordan who ripped my spirit from my body. I continued to scream as I went through ceilings and walls like they were made out of air instead of stone. I finally made it outside, only to feel myself being pulled back inside. When this was all over, I swore to shave my head bald, and run around naked in some isolated location? after I destroyed what was left of my blood, skin, hair, body fluids, and whatever in the fuck else were in the witches, necromancers, humans, vampires, shifters, demons, insects, bunny rabbits, and all the other's hands. "You!" I shrieked, not knowing if I could be heard or not. "Fucking! Cocksuckers!" I finally stopped screaming and grunted in pain as I moved back and forth between the two unseen forces. As they played tug-of-war with my spirit, I shook my head violently, trying to think. When I wanted logic to come to me, I was in la-la land, where everything was perfect, and nothing mattered. "Come on, brain," I muttered to myself. "Think, you stupid piece of useless organ, think." But nope, every time I reached for it, logic seemed to? slip away.

JAILYN

Rage was so potent that I could taste it. My entire body thrummed with magic. Seething, I ripped myself from my body as Riordan stood guard over my now vulnerable body. Snarling, I was a blur of motion as I made my way to Jordana's spirit. I followed her broken aura outside while at the same time, I was trying to keep her from leaving the building. First shifters, then witches, and now, a fucking necromancer was trying to kill her. How fucking typical. Hadn't she gone through enough? Why couldn't they just for once, leave her alone? Her screams of terror still rang in my ears as I stopped just yards behind a flickering, transparent, incorporeal body of hers. Jordana continued to mutter to herself, as I floated to her and wrapped my arms around her. "It's me," I said quickly before she could deafen me with a scream that was just seconds away.
Jordana swallowed, shaking her head. "Jailyn," she said in a monotone. "Pretty colors," she continued, staring off into the distance where I knew she was seeing the world in colors. Dragging her back inside, I glared at the black tendril-like cord wrapped around her waist. I grabbed it and yanked until it snapped free to backfire on whoever the necromancer was. "Am I dead?" she asked, and I winced, pulling her back into Tristan's apartment.
"No," I said gently. "You're not dead."
"Such a pity," she said with a ruthful sigh. She glanced at her corporeal body in Sven's arms. "Will it hurt?"
I frowned, and reluctantly nodded. "It will for only a few seconds." I glanced around, wincing as Brynna went to town with breaking things. I just hoped none of the stuff in here was valuable to anyone. Elijah's hand gripped Sven's arm so tightly I was surprised he wasn't bleeding. Ari and Tate tried to talk sense into a rampaging Brynna, but it clearly wasn't working. I smiled coldly at the thought of the huntress getting her hands and fangs on the unlucky necromancer, whoever it was. The last necromancer she dealt with wasn't? a pretty sight at all. I was glad I wasn't on her shit list, a thousand years older than her or not. An iPhone flew into Ari's hand before she could destroy it.
"Oh, no," said Ari. "You are not smashing Tristan's phone." Brynna seemed to not hear a word Ari said. The redheaded vampire flashed in front of the bedroom door and held out her hand just as Brynna crashed into an invisible wall. She bounced off it and landed on her back in a pile of broken wood and glass. Remaining on the floor, she glared at Ari and fumed, crushing bits of glass in her hand. Elijah's eyes narrowed, as blood permeated the air. Through it all, Jordana watched with a blank look upon her face. The apartment shook slightly, and Elijah winced, letting go of Sven and flashing to his childe.
"Bryn," he said in a soft, gentle tone you used when you didn't want that someone to gouge out your eyes. "She is not dead, if she was, Sven wouldn't be here as calm as he is now."
"I," Brynna hissed. "Don't. Fucking. Care." She grunted, struggling against Elijah's mental hold on her. "She's been through enough." I wholeheartedly agreed with that statement, and I again winced at the look of pain that flashed in Sven's eyes and was gone just as quick. He looked at Jordana, and then glanced around the destroyed living room. Letting out a sigh, I allowed myself and Jordana to be seen.
At the sight of us, Tate let out a string of curses that could even make his own sire cringe. Sven was in front of us faster than I could say, "wait." "Jailyn," he said in relief.
"Sven," I said, willing myself to be heard. I looked around the apartment and grimaced. "I'd say put her down somewhere but?" I shrugged helplessly. "It looks like a total clusterfuck." Still holding Brynna, Elijah quickly cleared out a spot and nodded to Sven.
"Put her there," he said with a sigh.
"I'm still not satisfied until I have that necromancer in my hands," Brynna snarled. "Oh? the fun," she said with relish, her eyes gleaming with anticipation. Whoever the necromancer was, he or she was going to die slowly, and painfully. I actually almost felt bad for that person as I followed Sven. Sven lowered Jordana's corporeal body to the floor and straightened, giving me a questioning look. I gestured him out of the way and moved closer to the body.
"Jordana," I said gently. "Are you ready?" She nodded without saying a word. Taking that as an affirmative, silvery cord shot from my hand and into Jordana. She stiffened, a whimper escaping her throat. Quick as lightning, I slammed her back into her body. AHLA-ELADIN-AOLO-DUN-DAE, I silently whispered as I tightly bound spirit and body, making them as one. Jordana let out a strangle gasp of pain, her entire body shaking. TUSSSSH-HHHAAAL-CLEESSSSAH, I silently whispered as shadows only I could see surrounded her. If any necromancer wanted her, they had to break through my barrier that only I, or death itself could break. There was no way in fucking hell they were going to take her again. If they wanted her, then I dare them to fucking try. Sven took Jordana into his arms, and I smiled. Baring my fangs, I slammed myself into my own body.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eighteen

"I take it that went well?" Riordan straightened from his position against the wall and let out a low growl. I ran my fingers through my hair, ignoring the constant whisper of souls in my head. At the moment, I didn't bother to block myself from hearing them.
"It did," I said with a heavy sigh. "Don't we already have enough problems to get on with?"
Riordan's lip peeled back from his fangs. "Like they give a fuck," he said, disgusted.
I closed my eyes and pressed my fingers against them. "Tell me, what crawled up their ass and died?" He shrugged. "Oh, I can't wait to wreak havoc on them all." I shuddered at just the mere thought of it. I could already taste the blood that was just begging to be spilled. In agreement, the whispers of souls grew louder in my head. My mouth suddenly watered as I tasted the cold sweetness of souls, begging me to inhale deeply and spew them out to cause unimaginable pain to whomever they touched.
"Jailyn," Riordan said softly. Mentally blinking, I took in a deep breath and swallowed hard. "Not yet."
I groaned and nodded. "I know," I said. "But the temptation is just? to? tempting to be ignored. Opening my eyes, I stared up at the ceiling in thought. "Tristan may be in torpor, you think we can rip his spirit from his body and have him go on a rampage on the covens?"
"Oh, hell no," Violet said indignantly as the front door was swung open, and she strode inside. She stopped in the archway to the living room and shuddered. "At the moment, I like him just where he is. Can you even do that?"
I shook my head. "No," I said. "Nothing can touch or control him while he's shut down completely so to speak."
"How did he manage to put himself into torpor anyways? You never told me."
"He jumped himself into Lorena's dream and forced her to drain him."
She paled. "Shit, remind me not to ever sleep again."
I smirked. "Are you afraid you'll find him or say, your sire in your dreams one day?"
"The real world is fucked up enough. I don't need it to carry to the dream realm, either. What if I'm in the middle of seducing a lucky guy?" I gave her a, what-are-you-not-telling-us look while Riordan looked suddenly interested.
"What is this I hear?" Casiar asked, appearing behind her.
Violet spun and pointed a finger at him. "You are just as bad as all the others," she huffed in clear annoyance. "Next time I'm going to force everyone to wear freaking bells around their necks."
"Look who's talking," said Riordan. "We're not the only one who sneaks up on unsuspecting victims." My lips twitched in amusement. How very off topic this was heading. Violet actually stomped her foot in resignation, and retracting my fangs, I bit my lower lip to keep from laughing.
"Adaira?" I asked. That brought everyone's head around to look at me. "A very pissed off Tristan who's going to make Hurricane Katrina look like a miniature tornado?" They just stared at me.
"Did you really have to paint that lovely picture in my head?" Violet finally asked, all seriousness back in place. I shrugged. She huffed and disappeared down the hall.
"Hey," I called to her. "Where do you think you're going?"
"Drowning in one last bliss before the sky turns permanently red," she grumbled.
I looked at Casiar, who held up a hand and shrugged. "Violet," I said. "Get back out here."
"I'm busy," she shot back.
"I want to know if you found out anything about the witches." The air crackled and snapped before settling. There was a curse, a sudden burst of charged energy followed by a vicious snarl of pain from Jude as the strong scent of blood suddenly filled the air. Casiar and Riordan vanished while I went down the hall and entered the room. Casiar had a glaring Violet in his arms, and Riordan stared down at Jude who was cursing and sputtering. He looked down to the knife that was sticking from his chest. He grabbed it and yanked it out, tossing it across the room. "What just happened?" I snapped as my stomach clenched in hunger.
"She stabbed me when I teleported into the room," Jude muttered and glared at Violet who still had murder on her conscience.
"You should've warned me first," Violet hissed.
"I'll be sure to knock next time," Jude said sarcastically. "What poison did you drink this time?"
"I'll have you know that I didn't drink anything. However, I'm starting to change my mind of not draining you."
"Have at it," he challenged and flashed to his feet.
"Children!" I shouted, causing both Riordan and Casiar to cringe in pain. I shot them an apologetic look for bursting their eardrums before giving Violet and Jude an icy glare that could melt them on the spot. "We have four covens we need to stop, a shifter who wants the entire vampire race wiped, and might I add that if that happens, the balance of nature is fucked six ways to Sunday."
"But she can't unless?" Violet hesitated. "She somehow kills the first vampire ever sired by two vampires. One is dead, and the other one is also in torpor."
"And she should be dead alongside Soren," Riordan muttered under his breath. "But no, Evelyn just had to be softhearted at the worst possible time ever."
"Don't blame your sister," I said in exasperation. "She probably has her reasons for keeping Ulrika alive."
"Such as?"
"How she and Soren became vampires in the first place," I said, shrugging.
"Probably by getting caught in the middle of a meteor storm of some proportion or another. After all, it was ten thousand years ago. Maybe a volcano erupted, and they rose from the ashes of the dead." I sighed. "Why would Ulrika tell us now?" he continued. "You know if she did, Tristan will kill her outright. You know what she said to him before we left four thousand years ago?" He imitated Ulrika and said, "Why do you want to know? So you can kill me? If I tell you, child, you'll kill me anyways." He went back to his normal voice. "He nearly did, too, if not for the weakness after our second transformation." This was getting very interesting the more he continued to rant as we watched him, a little surprised, because once he got going, he kept on going until he ran out of steam. He cursed in several languages before he finally stopped and glared at all of us. "Can I just take her soul and be done with it?" he growled, and we all jumped out of the way as the light bulb over Jude's head exploded, sending showers of glass everywhere.
"Ah, sire? You planning to kill me?" Jude asked, staring at the shattered bulb on the floor. The air in the room thickened, and the odor of death magic grew. Casiar slowly dropped his arms from around Violet and stepped in front of her, his eyes never leaving Riordan. Riordan let out a low growl, his eyes flashing back and forth between black and white. The air around him shimmered, and shadowy skulls with sunken eyes, wide opened mouths, and grasping skeletal fingers of restless souls writhed and circled around him in a dizzying speed.
"If we don't find the witches responsible for putting Tristan out of commission sooner than later," Riordan hissed in a cold, deadly tone, shadowy tendrils reaching, only to retreat and repeat. "I will reap every single witch's soul in the state of California until there are none left? standing." Silence, heavy, suffocating? silence. No one so much as breathe. The last time I saw Riordan losing it was about? eighteen years ago. "I want Adaira, and the rest of the elders found and killed." The souls flew faster and faster, this time emitting keening sounds that were growing louder and louder. "And I want that necromancer now," he snarled. He took in a deep breath. "But that's not going to happen, is it?" The souls stopped keening and moving in circles around him, but they continued to writhe, wanting to be freed.
"Trenoth," Jude whispered. Riordan's eyes stopped flashing, and he slowly turned his head to look at Jude. "He contacted Kira telepathically and wants to set up a meeting. He may have information on where the witches are hiding."
"Who does he want to meet with?" I asked softly.
"Davina."
"Davina?" He nodded. "When does he want to meet her and where?"
He shrugged. "Didn't say."
"Why contact Kira? He knows that he can reach any of us."
He again shrugged. "No idea." I sighed and nodded. Riordan looked to the window, looking like he wanted to break it.
"Don't break my window," I muttered. He ignored me, but the window was still in one piece. Suddenly he and Casiar's entire body went taut, and I stiffened. They both let out a feral snarl, and I walked up to Casiar. Putting a hand on his arm, I squeezed, hard enough for him to focus on me.
"What's wrong?"
"The shifters have Ian," he said through gritted teeth.
"God fucking damn it!" I shrieked, and then felt bad when Casiar fell on his ass, clutching his head and glaring at me. This time, it was me that wanted to break something. "Sorry," I muttered. Rubbing his ears, he got back on his feet. He looked past me, and his hand flashed. I ducked the shadowy ball of energy and turned in time to see it slam into Riordan. The souls vanished, and Casiar moved in a blur and tackled him to the floor.
"Listen to me," he whispered in Riordan's ear. "This is a really bad time to lose it, and it won't help in finding Ian. You can go all apeshit when it's all over. Until then, stay with me."
"Huh, now here I thought Evelyn was the only level-headed one in the family," I muttered. Casiar gave me a piercing glare before turning his attention back on Riordan, who was still growling, energy rolling off of him like it had a mind of its own. Not to add, the room reeked of death magic.
"If not for me, do it for our brother. He will need all of us when he awakens." Riordan heaved in breaths like it was the best thing on earth. Inch by slow agonizing inch, his body lost some of the tenseness. "Are you good?" After a moment, he gave a slight nod. Casiar nodded and slowly, reluctantly released him.
"Jude?" I said and glanced at him. Jude straightened and turned to me. "Send for Oliver. I know he needs to be called to come, but we all know that won't happen anytime soon." He nodded. "Also take Cole with you. Bring Oliver to HQ even if you have to drag him by his tail." Jude saluted, and vanished.
"You know," said Casiar. "I think a spot on the Council suits you."
I pointed a finger at him and scowled. "I think Riordan does a better job than I do."
"Oh, no," Riordan said, getting to his feet. "Leave me out of this conversation. I already have enough migraines than it is." He rubbed his temples and glared at the floor. "I don't even know how they manage it without wanting to kill everyone they judge," he muttered under his breath.
"There hasn't been any judging for a while now," I said. "Or executing for that matter."
He laughed, and it sent chills down my spine. "Oh, there will be, trust me," he said and disappeared into thin air.
"Really?" Violet finally spoke after remaining silent for a long time. She looked to Casiar. "Kill me now. Make it quick." Casiar fought a smile, and shook his head. Violet huffed. "Why not? When we wake Tristan, he's going to tear my head off."
"That is why all the younglings won't be in the same room with him, let alone under the same roof. You'll be fine." I said dryly.
"Oh, brilliant," she said sarcastically. "That makes me feel a whole, whole lot better."
"That wasn't meant for you to feel better."
"You know what?" she said, throwing up her hands in exasperation. "I'm gonna go hunt for Oliver."
"You are?" She growled and bared her fangs in total annoyance. I held up a hand. "Okay, okay," I said, smirking. "You can go." Sighing, I walked out of the room, Casiar and Violet following behind me.
Outside, I pulled out my sunglasses and slipped them on as night slowly turned to day. Squinting, I walked down the long drive, stopping before the closed gate. "Shit," Violet hissed. She leapt thirty feet into the air and vaulted over the gate, landing in a silent crouch on the other side. Behind me, Casiar sighed and reached past me to open the gate.
"Rogues," he said, following Violet's gaze. "Bring them over for a visit," he said dryly.
"Will do," she said and straightened to her full height of five foot eight. "Hey!" she shouted, and I glared at her. The two rogues glanced at her and stopped, studying her intently.
"What up, bitch," one of them called out. Violet, looking highly offended, took a step toward them.
"Never mind," Casiar said tightly. "Just kill them." Without a word, Violet and I flew at them. They only had time to raise their hands before we crashed into them. I grabbed the one I was pinning, squeezing his wrist until his fingers open, letting the switchblade dropped to the pavement. I released him, and before he could grab the weapon, it was gone.
"What the," the rogue spluttered.
"Fuck?" I finished for him. "Yeah, I know," I said sweetly. "Today is turning out to be a very, very bad day for you. I'm so sorry."
Violet snorted. "Jailyn, just kill him already. We got people to find."
"If you insist," I said and punched my hand into the rogue's chest, ripping out his heart.
"Don't you dare eat that in front of me," she said quickly. I shrugged, and tossed the bloody heart to Casiar, who snatched it from the air. Flashing to my feet, I looked around, hoping to find a human walking around, but no such luck. Then again, it was around six in the morning. Grumbling, I launched myself into the sky. I looked down to find Violet gone, and Casiar staring up at me with an exasperated look on his face. I waved to him and flew in lightning speed toward downtown.
Hovering over Brulia's warded shop, I frowned at the pain I was about to be in, but it was now or never. Sucking in a sharp breath, I dove for the invisible ward. Before I could crash through it, someone caught me. I struggled, grunting as-I sniffed the air-Evelyn held me in an unbreakable hold. She descended to ground and stopped short of the ward. "What are you doing?" I asked in irritation and stopped struggling in her arms. She didn't answer, but the eerie feeling brushing against my skin told me she was just inches away from the danger zone. Unsheathing a blade, Evelyn tossed it end-over-end into the ward. The air in front of us rippled slightly before settling. Brulia stepped from her shop, her hand raised. When she saw us, she froze.
"Take down your ward," Evelyn said, loud enough to reach her. Brulia shook her head, and I squirmed as the air became more charged. A low growl emanated from Evelyn, and thunderclouds quickly gathered to block out the sun. "You would be best to do as I say, witch. I am in no mood to play nice. Drop the ward, or I'll make your only customer at the moment? bleed. Or shall we see how long it takes for a human body to bleed out?" Brulia gulped, shaking her head violently. "You have five seconds to drop this ward." The witch glared at us, and then jumped as a lightning bolt struck just inches from where she stood.
"Okay okay," Brulia yelled. She waved her hand through the air, and the ward fell away with a soft pop of displaced air.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nineteen

DAVINA

This was a fucking nightmare, I thought as I knelt on the floor of an enchanted cave with a freaking vampire, who was in torpor and lying in a river of his own blood no less. "You have got to be kidding me," I muttered, grimacing at the overpowering smell of blood even a human could catch a mile away. "I swear Jailyn, if he all of a sudden wakes up and eats me; I'm going to haunt you for eternity." Taking in a shuddering breath, I reached into the cool, congealing blood and shoved Tristan over onto his side. My muscles strained as I continued to shove him onto his stomach. Gasping for air and hurting like a bitch, I got unsteadily to my feet and stared down at him. "No way am I going to lift your two-ton fat ass across the cavern," I muttered and prayed to god that he didn't hear me. I glared at my now bloody clothes and sighed. Clapping my hands together, I muttered a spell and lifted him into the air, waiting for the blood to stop sluicing off his body. Please don't let any drop of blood down his throat, I thought and tossed him into the far wall, wincing when he bounced off the wall to crash in an awkward heap on the floor. "Oh, shit," I moaned, watching bruises form on the side of his head, down the left side of his body, and they weren't going to disappear unless he got some blood in him. No way in fucking hell I was going to give him any, just to have him wake up and tear me into bite size pieces of bloody witch. I walked over to a large box that looked like? well; an ordinary metal box except this box had no way of opening it. I picked it up and opened the top of the box with a one-word spell. Muttering another spell, I watched as the river of blood floated into the air, and it slowly poured itself into the magical contraption. I set it back on the floor and walked around the huge ass puddle of blood and toward Tristan. "You owe me big time," I said with a sigh and pushed open a door. The cavern beyond was of course darker, so dark that I couldn't see my hand in front of my face. Shaking my head, I muttered a spell, and a ball of light appeared over my head. "Come on, buddy, let's get you through the door so I can strip you." I pointed a finger at Tristan and again lifted him into the air, cringing when his head smacked the side of the door, and his skin began to redden. Shit, his magical wristband was probably fried. I pulled him after me, and I sighed in relief when I spotted a long rectangular table. I almost burst out laughing when I saw what was on it. "Vampire haven indeed," I said in amusement and lifted the lid of a freaking coffin. Does this cave have a freaking bathroom? I wondered as I looked inside the coffin with comfortable looking lining that took up the entire thing. Shaking my head once again, I again pointed at Tristan and muttered another spell under my breath. From out of nowhere, water appeared and drenched him completely. I reached out and yanked his shirt off of him. Sighing, I did the same with his pants, doing my best not to look at the obvious place, but of course, I failed. I choked and rubbed my eyes. "Commando, eh?" I said to him. Clearing my throat, I again drenched him with water, until there was no blood left on him. By the time I was done drowning him, the entire floor was covered with two inches or more of dirty water. I set fire to his clothes and directed that same fire toward him, close enough to dry him, but not close enough to burn him. Well, it shouldn't have, as I groaned, watching his entire body turn into an angry red color. I so did not need an angry Ari on my ass. She was already going to kill me for seeing him in all his nakedness. Putting out the fire and avoiding the claws, I grabbed his wrist and pulled him to the coffin. "In you go," I said and slammed him into the box. Reaching inside, I took his left wrist into mine. With a releasing spell, the metal band popped open and fell into my hand. Yep, it was fried, if it wasn't, it would've shocked my ass across the room. "Nighty night," I continued and slipping the wristband into my pocket, I slammed the lid shut. Waving my hand through the air, I made the water disappear and walked out.
Back in the room where I was earlier, I headed for the box and picked it up, grunting at how heavy it was. I almost dropped it when I felt the slight pressure in my head. I am done here, I silently said to whoever it was. Without any warning whatsoever, everything went dark. The box filled with Tristan's blood was snatched from my arms before everything once again went dark. It was so fast I didn't even get to see who the asshole was. "Thanks, asshole," I said and glared up at the bright sky. "Where the hell am I?"
"In the middle of nowhere," a low voice answered from behind me. I spun around, and before I could raise a hand to cast, a dark blur moved. The next thing I knew, a cool pale hand was clamped over my mouth and both of my wrists held tightly behind my back. "I wouldn't utter a single syllable of that spell," he warned.
"Who are you, and what do you want?" I asked, my voice muffled by his hand. "And were you the one who teleported me?" I grunted. "Let me go."
"If I release you, will you behave?"
I snorted. "Like you wouldn't go for my blood the first chance you get."
"Oh, trust me. Your blood is just bonus to what I want. Now will you stand there and keep what's left of your reserve energy for more important things?" I sighed and reluctantly nodded. He released me, and I again spun to face him. He was a vampire I didn't recognize. Wearing the ultra-dark sunglasses almost all vampires wore in daylight, he took a step back, and I knew it wasn't due to him fearing me. If there were a hundred witches surrounding him? maybe, but not at the moment. I was just a delicious juice box to him. Now that my life was no longer in imminent danger, I could feel the heavy thrum of magic around us. "As for your questions, I am Trenoth, but you can call me Ren. As for teleporting you here, that was Rebecka's doing." He paused. "And as for what I want? I want you to weaken a section of the ward around this area." My mouth dropped. How the hell were they able to find the covens when I or my witches couldn't? Trenoth chuckled. "Close your mouth, witch." I snapped my mouth shut. "The only reason I know where the location is, is because I've been following their activities for? a while now."
"You're the one I was told who wanted to meet me." I scowled. "Why Kira?"
He shrugged. "Do you know how peaceful her mind is compared to the others?"
I blinked. "No?"
"She buried her human life so far back and don't even dare want to remember the deaths before she became a vampire." I nodded. "Though her mind is filled with bloodlust, she ignores it and thinks about other's needs instead of her own."
"And her thoughts are also cheerful," I said dryly.
He smirked. "That too. Even though it is dangerous to ignore the need to feed, she still does it, and it drives her sire nuts."
"Is it that a good thing? Controlling the urges?"
"Sure, if you didn't lose control twice before."
I winced. "She only has one strike left."
"Exactly, and I hope that it doesn't come to that point. She thinks of Tristan and Ari like what your daughter is to you." I swallowed hard. "You would do anything for Carolyn, wouldn't you?" he asked quietly. "Even die for her?" I nodded. He too, nodded and scanned the area surrounded by woods. Why does it always have to be in the damn woods? I inwardly sighed and turned to face the hum of magic.
"I can weaken a section of the ward, but it will take a while since Tristan almost drained me of my magic," I grudgingly admitted.
"You have until nightfall, will that suffice?"
I glanced at my watch and nodded. "Yes." Trenoth nodded and inclined his head. A second later, Cailin and Jade appeared beside him.
"Trenoth," said Cailin. "Been a while." They clasp forearms and nodded to each other.
"It has," he said, nodding a greeting to Jade.
"Davina," Cailin said, turning to me. "Let me know where, and I'll shield you from prying eyes." She leveled a glare on me when I open my mouth to protest. "You may be a witch, but at the moment, you don't have the strength to make yourself invisible and weaken the ward at the same time. My brother took more than you realize." I glared at her. She ignored the glare and waved a hand to the invisible ward. "Can you see through it?" I shook my head. She grunted. "So it doesn't matter where you are, then?"
"Anywhere but the south," said Trenoth.
Cailin nodded. "This way." We followed her until she came to a stop in front of a small stream.
"This will be good," I said. Cailin grunted, and before I knew her intentions, I felt a sharp stinging pain on my neck. Gasping, I fell backward and hit the ground, my hand pressed against the hot stickiness that was my blood. "What the hell was that for?" I snapped.
"Your life insurance," Cailin growled. "In case you decided to bail." Panic threatened to suffocate me, but I pushed it back.
"You created a bond with me?" I almost, almost shouted.
Cailin smiled coldly. "Not to worry," she said sweetly, softly. "It is only temporary. It will fade after twenty-four hours, but if you don't weaken the ward by nightfall? well-"
I put up a hand to stop her. "I'll do it," I said through gritted teeth. I pushed to my feet and pointed to my wound. "If you want me to not waste any magic on healing myself, then heal me." Jade's eyes gleamed as she leaned in to lick slowly at the bite wound, closing it. I wiped my fingers on the cleanest part of my shirt and huffed.
"What do I get out of all this?"
"Your life spared?"
"I want the traitors."
"Fine, but I want the traitor who came up with the idea to fry my brother's brain."
"You want the leader?"
Cailin's smile was chilling. "Oh," she said quietly. "I don't want the traitor for myself." I went cold all over. "My brother on the other hand? I believe he will have something? to say."
"Let the witches deal with them," I said carefully. "This is the witch's problem, not the vampires." There was a low growl, and my vision briefly darkened, as Jade grabbed me around the throat and squeezed. I pushed uselessly at her arms as she leaned in.
"No, Davina," Jade said in a slow, deadly tone. I choked, trying to get much needed air to my depleted lungs. "Your problem became ours when they decided to play with fire," she growled in my ear. "Literally." The edges of my vision blurred and dim, and I knew I was just a second from passing out. "Now start unraveling. Or I'll give you to Tristan. As a chew toy," she finished with a hiss and shoved me away.
"Nightfall," Cailin reminded me. A cold wave washed over me, before they were gone with an icy blast of wind.

ARI

"Will it be done?" I asked and stepped into the light that barely lit up the Council chamber.
"It will," Jade said with a sigh. "I made sure that she doesn't fall back on her words." She put up a hand to keep me from saying a word. "I know if she went back on her words, it would backfire on her, but you never know with witches." She glared at the ceiling and rolled her eyes. "At the moment, I don't trust any of them."
"Did you harm her?"
"Well? maybe a little?"
I smirked. "I'll take that as a definite yes." She shrugged. "Where's Cailin?"
"Hunting."
I nodded. "And? anything on Ian?"
"Yes," Jude said, appearing in front of us and kicking Oliver across the huge chamber. "Because little Oli is going to spill all his secrets. Isn't that right, pup?" The sound of drawn blade met my ears, as Evelyn dropped the darkness concealing her. Her hand flashed, and Oliver screamed as the blade buried deep into his chest. Beside Jude, Cole grimaced and walked to the Council table. He spun the chair around and straddled it, as if getting ready to be entertained for the next hour. Evelyn ripped Oliver's shirt from him, and my stomach clenched painfully as I saw the black mark of death over his heart. At the moment, it had a blade in the center of it.
"Oh, look what we have here," she said sweetly. "Don't worry, the blade is steel." She grabbed the hilt and twisted it slightly. Oliver gurgled as his body arched off the floor. Evelyn glanced around at us. "What is the trigger word?"
I shrugged. "I have no idea." She sighed and inclined her head. Nodding to some unspoken answer, she grabbed Oliver and pulled him to her. Baring her fangs, she drove them deep into his neck. Oliver screams cut off, and she let out an appreciative growl before pulling back.
"It's a shame I can't kill you just yet," she grumbled and cupped his chin, staring deeply into his eyes. "Silence," she growled, rolling him. Oliver immediately fell silent, and she tossed him away from her, so hard that his head cracked as it impacted against the wall. Her frigid glare at him sent chills up and down my spine, and I shuddered, glad I wasn't on the receiving end of that glare. "At the moment, I'm glad my brother turned you. Otherwise, we wouldn't be able to find Ian. Shae is so fucking pathetic that if the wind blew the wrong way, she wouldn't know until it bit her in the ass. She may have taken down one of us," she continued quietly as the temperature in the chamber dropped exponentially. "But she only made it much more impossible to get what she wants." The only light in the chamber popped, plunging the room into total darkness. "Tristan may excel at making people piss their pants and annoy the ever-living shit out of all of us. I, on the other hand, excel at finding information, like the fact that our sweet, adoring kitten has a mate," she purred. "I want her mate. And I want him. Now."
"Oh," Jude said, an excited gleam in his eyes. "We are sooooo fucked to the nine circles of hell. Bring it on, baby."
"Jude," I said with an exasperated sigh. "You're going to get us all killed."
"That's what I do best." Evelyn smiled chillingly, and then everything went dark as she teleported us into the heart of the Brunzdale Pride.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty

The moment we appeared, I lunged and grabbed one of the shifters guarding the door, my forearm across his throat. Jude grabbed the other shifter, and we launched ourselves into the sky. In lightning speed, we flew a good long distance away from any shifters who could scent us. Descending back to ground, I spun my shifter around and pressed him against a tree. Bleeding from multiple wounds, I unsheathed a blade and twirled it between my fingers. He cringed when he saw that it was silver.
"I'm going to get right to the point," I said casually as I spotted Jade flashing through the trees, keeping a lookout for anyone coming to their rescue. Evelyn was nowhere to be seen. "Where is Ian?"
"Think I'm going to tell a fucking bloodsucker like you?" the shifter spat, and I dodged the claws aiming for my throat. I caught his wrist, though it didn't do much as he ripped open my hand with a sharp claw. I gritted my teeth against the pain and squeezed, snapping his wrist. He let out a roar and shifted into his cat form. Tail swooshing back and forth angrily, he lunged for me. Unsheathing another silver blade, I stabbed him in his side as claws raked down the right side of my face, almost taking out my eye in the process. Screaming in pain and fury, I against stabbed him. Yowling in agony, he continued to claw me open as I kept my neck from his snapping jaws. I launched myself away from him, only to slam into him, sending him to the ground. Spitting, hissing, snarling, we went at each other in a furious frenzy of stab and slash. Shrieking, I ripped open his belly and pounded the piece of shit into the ground.
"Where!" I snarled and stabbed him in his chest, purposely missing the heart. "Is!" Stab. "Ian?" Stab. "Tell me or so help me, I'm going to slaughter every single member of your family!" I finished, punctuating each word with a stab, letting my blood drip into his wounds so he couldn't die so easily. "Tell! Me!" Panting and seeing red, I forced myself not to strike the killing blow. His thoughts consisted of nothing but curses and threats, I took in a deep breath and calmed myself, enough to teleport his mate to me. Before she could scream or shift, I grabbed Kidian and slammed into her mind. "Tell me where he is, or I'll turn your precious sweetheart into a vegetable." Shifting back to human form and barely clinging to life, the male shifter weakly nodded.
"In the dungeon," he whispered, barely able to get the words out. I released Kidian and got painfully to my feet. "Take care of your mate," I said to her and turned my death glare back on him. "And if I ever come across you again," I hissed. "You won't live long enough to take in your next breath." And with that, I left the hysterical Kidian to tend to her mate.
"Damn Ari," Jude breathed as I stopped in front of him. "You have gone psycho," he finished, holding out his wrist to me. Still seeing red and breathing heavily, I took it and sank my fangs in deep, my eyes practically rolling to the back of my head as I swallowed the much-needed hot blood. "Stop," Jude groaned. Blinking, I pulled back and licked closed the wound. "Let's go," he said and took off. Jade and I followed as he led us back to the non-descriptive building we appeared in front of. "For those of you who don't want to die this night, get your fucking ass out of our way!" Jude shouted before splintering the door. "Or you will die," he said casually and snapped the shifter's neck who came at us. Pulling out a gun containing-I sniffed-silver bullets, Jade aimed it at one of the shifters head.
"Move," she growled, low in her throat. "Or die." She cocked the gun. "We're not fucking around."
"Shae will have your head for this!" one of them shouted.
Jade smiled, revealing fangs. "Do you really think I give a flying fuck? She can try. I've been dying to get my hands on her. Her death is way, way overdue. Last chance. Get out of our way. Or die where you stand." Still in pain, I shifted from one foot to another, dying to get to the dungeon and unleash my rage on the assholes holding Ian. My mouth watered at the battle that was about to begin. "Five seconds," Jade growled. "And my finger slips accidentally to the trigger." At the zero mark, and when nobody got out of the way, Jade pulled the trigger. "Oops? My bad," she said, and the battle was on.
Two screaming, angry cats were painful. Five screaming angry cats? They were deafening to my poor, poor sensitive hearing. With a snarl, I launched myself at the nearest shifter, and as my vision blurred from the pain of fangs tearing chunks of flesh from my arm, I stabbed my blade into his skull, instantly killing him. I ripped the dead shifter from me and tossed him at another shifter coming up behind Jade. She spun around, grabbed the snarling cat by the throat, pressed her gun against his head, and pulled the trigger, sending blood and brain matter exploding into the air. Ignoring the agonizing pain I was in, I jumped in to help Jude, who was going up against three of them. I could hear more shifters coming from down the hall as I clamped my mouth on the back of another shifter's neck, drinking deeply. As I drank greedily, I quickly sheathed one of my silver blades and unsheathed a steel one, pressing it to his belly and slashing it open. I did not want to taste burnt blood as the silver slowly poisoned it. It was disgusting to simply put it. I pulled away and snapped his spine, before tearing off his head. "Incoming!" Jude shouted over the angry snarls and hisses of the shifters. Wanting to so bad pull a Jordana-which was banging my head against something solid-I launched myself into the air to drop behind a semi-transformed shifter and drove my blade into his back and straight for his heart. I screamed as claws sank deep into my own back. Dropping to my knees, I reached behind me and yanked the golden-furred tiger over my head and slammed him to the floor. Black dots danced before my eyes. As I was about to break his skull open, a black panther with blazing golden eyes let out a roar and snapped her jaws around the tiger's neck, shaking him. Oh, if this wasn't on a time limit, Tavia silently snarled. I'd torture him before killing him. Baring my fangs, I turned from Tavia and caught another shifter. Rising to my feet, I body slammed him against the wall, bashing his head repeatedly against the dirty wood. "How did you know there was a battle going on here?" I asked, gasping. Cole told me. When he said Brunzdale, I knew exactly where to go. "Where is Amanda?" I asked as the shifter's head finally broke through the wood. She's with Donnica, Kaylee, Draven, and Tryn. "What the fuck are they doing here? Well, Kaylee and Draven that is." I snapped the shifter's neck and dropped the lifeless body to the floor. Don't ask me, ask them. Jetrae, Cane, Kira, Corinne, Callan, James, Tory, Isabelle, and them are here too. Holding myself up with a hand on the wall, I scowled at her. "Where are all the hunters?" Tavia shifted into her human form and groaned.
"Besides Jade and Jude?" she asked and shrugged. "I think they're getting ready to slaughter the witches when the ward drops." She opened a bag that was around her neck and pulled out gloves. She put them on and held out a hand to me. "Can I have a silver blade?" I gave her a blade, and nodded to her naked body.
"No clothes?" I asked, smirking.
She snorted. "What's the point? They're going to be bloodied or torn up anyways."
"You have a point," I said with a pained sigh.
"They fucked you up good, didn't they?" she asked, eyeing me up and down and flinching.
I glanced down at myself and cringed at my torn bloody clothes, and my massive amount of open wounds that were healing at a snail pace. "You mind donating?"
"Fuck you."
"Sorry, not my type, or gender."
Tavia smirked, before all seriousness was back in place. She aimed the sharp end of the blade toward me and rolled her eyes. "Tristan will have your head, if he sees you like this. You're barely standing." She gestured with the blade and nodded at my hand on the wall. My eyes flashed, and a surge of rage overcame me. Tavia held up a hand. "Hey-hey-hey, I'm one of the good guys. Save your rage for the witches." I let out a sharp breath and grimaced at the pain lancing through my chest.
"Sorry," I muttered.
She nodded. Snatching a passing shifter, she snapped his spine and shoved him toward me. "Drink up, I'll cover you." Inwardly moaning in hunger, I grabbed the shifter and in lightning speed, I struck, pulling hard and fast, gulping down the gushing blood as it filled my mouth. Draining the last drop, I tossed the body at another passing shifter. "Go on and get Ian," Tavia said, before engaging the shifter. Sighing, and making sure that she wasn't in trouble, I turned and flashed down the hall.
Having no idea where I was going, I scowled and came to an abrupt halt. Before I could seek out the buzz in my blood, a cool hand closed around my upper arm and pulled me into what looked like an office at one point or another. I looked around the room and glared at the cobwebs, dusty boxes, and other shit that took up one side of the room. "How did you find me?" I asked, sighing. Alexander turned me around until I met his disapproving stare. I frowned. "What?"
"Why is Skyler here?"
I stiffened. "Skyler is here?" I growled and stepped from the office, Alexander following as I honed in on her. Yes, she may be twenty-six years old in human terms, but she was barely a year old in her vampire life, and without supervision? I rounded a corner, and the red tinting my vision, became more pronounced. Some of my pent-up rage exploded from me, and in the blink of an eye, I was through the door and yanking a shifter off a furious, snarling Skyler. Alexander grabbed Skyler before she could launch herself at her attacker. With a snarl, I drove a blade into his opened mouth. Yanking it back out, I stabbed it through his heart, and with his claws buried deep in my sides, I tore off his head. Fountain of blood rained down on me, and I kicked both head and body through a hole in the wall. I groaned, cursing and trying my damnedest to ignore the pain. Cool fingers touched my arm, and I glanced down at Skyler, blinking at the fact that I was looking into dark, dark blue eyes.
"Blue contacts," she said simply. Shaking my head, I looked her up and down, my eyes narrowing at the wounds on her neck, chest, arms, and hands.
"What are you doing here?" I asked. Alexander caught my arm before I could tear into my wrist.
"Let me," he said gently. "You've lost more than enough." I grudgingly allowed him to heal Skyler, and when I opened my mouth to speak, I choked, as my sire's blood poured down my throat. I glared at the dirty ceiling and resisted the urge to punch him. After a few more seconds, Alexander pulled his wrist away, and I leveled a glare on Skyler who looked? guilty.
"I wanted to help," Skyler said defensively before I could get a chance to ask what in the world's hell she was doing here.
"You could've been killed," I snapped.
"But I wasn't."
"And who taught you how to block your pain from me?"
"No one."
I looked at my sire. "Does that come naturally to all vampires?"
He arched an eyebrow at me. "You tell me, because you seem to do it a lot. Rather all the time, now that I think about it."
I glared at him. "You are not helping." Muttering, I pulled Skyler into my arms and inwardly cursed her for getting injured. "Why don't you ever listen?" I grumbled. Alexander chuckled, and I again resisted the urge to punch him. "If you say anything, I'm going to stab you," I warned him.
"I'm not saying a word," he said, hands raised and taking a step back.
"Shouldn't you be with the others, waiting for the ward to drop?"
"Yes? But when Evelyn informed me of what you were doing, did you really think I let you do it alone?"
"I wasn't alone. Jade and Jude were with me."
He glared at me. "Against how many shifters?" With Skyler squirming in my arms, he pulled us down the stairs just as another shifter appeared, Trynnadon and Donnica hot in pursuit. I grimaced as Trinity-one of the last vampires I expected to see-tackled the leopard and pounded the living shit out of him. Oh, I thought, sighing. Tristan was going to kick Jailyn and Evelyn's ass for this.
"Ari," Skyler said, irritated. "You can let me go now. I'm still alive and not planning to die anytime soon." At the bottom of the steps, my sire pulled us to a stop. Inclining his head, he inhaled deeply, a finger to Skyler's lips. She went still in my arms, stiffening as all her senses went on high alert. Ian is here, Alexander whispered into my mind. Skyler's eyes narrowed, telling me that she heard him as well. But he is being guarded by no less than six shifters. I reluctantly release Skyler. She took a step from me and let out a squeak as Jailyn suddenly appeared in front of us. She assessed all that was going on and smiled.
"Her mate is the blond one," Jailyn said, her hypnotic voice sending cold chills up and down my spine. "I don't care what you do. Just don't kill him? yet." She held out her hand to Skyler. "Come, child," she said gently. "If you die this night, your sire will have my throat." I gave Jailyn a grateful look as a scowling and resigned Skyler took her hand. "Remember," she said to me. "I want him alive." Alexander and I nodded as she teleported away with a very unhappy Skyler. I rather have you be out of harm's way than having you die on me, I said into her mind and smirked when a growl was all I got in response. Alexander put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed slightly.
"Now you know how I feel," he muttered and gave me a light shove to get moving. "I'll take out three while you do the same." He scowled. "Well? two." I nodded and headed down a long dark hallway, the floor creaking ominously with each step we took.
At the end of the hall, and standing in front of an iron locked door, two shifters in human form, sneered at us as we approached. "Such a friendly way to greet us," I drawled. "Now why don't you both make this easy on all of us and step aside. I hate to bust a pretty face."
"And if we don't step aside?" one of them asked.
I sighed. "This," I said, and in lightning speed, I drove a silver blade into his chest, aiming straight for his heart. Alexander grabbed the second one and slammed him headfirst into the wall before punching his hand through his back and ripping out his heart. We let the bodies dropped, and I kicked down the door.
"Stop," one of the shifters in front of a bloody, unconscious Ian growled. "Or his head goes flying." My sire and I froze just inside the door. The blond shifter stepped back, dragging Ian with him.
"Now Alaric," Alexander said conversationally. "Let's just talk for a minute here."
Alaric glared at him. "What is there to talk about?"
My sire pointed to Ian. "Why do you have one of my own held against his will?"
"That is none of your business." I growled, low in my throat. Only my sire's hand on my shoulder kept me from lunging for Alaric's throat. We want him alive, remember? He mentally reminded me. Clenching my teeth, I gave all the shifters in the room my best icy glare.
"Are you willing to release him if we ask nicely?" At that, I almost let out a snort of disbelief. Are you mental? I silently hissed to my sire. Alaric looked thoughtful, but I already knew the answer.
"Fuck this," I said. "They're not going to just let him leave." There was a loud crash, and then the hall leading to the room we were in was filled with shifters and vampires alike. Two shifters leapt over our heads and pounced. Oh, hell fucking no, I was not leaving this room without Ian and Alaric. With a furious scream, I tore into the cat on top of me, ripping, stabbing, slashing him open. All the while, I was being clawed open myself. God did it fucking hurt. I finally was able to flip him off of me. With a snarl, I reached inside his belly and snapped his spinal cord, yanking it out along with the rest of his insides. My ears bled from the painful screams as I reached for his heart last and yanked it from his chest, throwing the organ to Jailyn who appeared beside Draven. She caught it, before inhaling deeply and exhaling sharply. Screams of pain and anger turned into screams of terror, as black smoke billowed from her mouth. That smoke solidified into souls, and they fell on the shifters with hungry mouths. The vampires shot straight to the ceiling, avoiding the grasping fingers of death.
"Are you fucking insane?" Donnica shrieked and dove for us. A soul reached for me, and I screamed, snapping back to reality. I lunged for Alaric and tackled him to the floor.
"Oh, you lucky son of a bitch," I gasped. "You're not going to die right this second. Be grateful while it last." Pain shot throughout my whole body, and I nearly blacked out from the intensity of it. My whole body went rigid, and I screamed as it felt like I was being set on fire. In my head, Alexander screamed. I closed my eyes and bashed Alaric's head against the floor, knocking him out. Jailyn's scream of outrage drowned out all the others, and the building shook. Unable to even get air into my lungs, I looked around, but couldn't see what caused the burning pain that was now gone or Jailyn's scream of death. Shifters were dying left and right, torn body parts flying in all directions, and blood splattering the walls, floor, and ceiling, as Jailyn unleashed her rage on everyone. Corinne, terrified beyond words, flashed to each vampire and teleported each of them away before Jailyn could get to them. Jude appeared beside me, a murderous look in his eyes. "Jude, what happened?"
"Ian is dead," he said and grabbed me. I again screamed and would've killed Alaric if Jude hadn't teleported him away. All hold hands, he yelled into my mind. Just before the ceiling caved in on our heads, everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-one

I was so enraged that I couldn't even speak. Ian couldn't be dead, he just couldn't. Oh, this was bad on so many levels. I let out a yelp as something sharp poked the side of my neck. Alexander knocked Jude aside before I could go for his throat. My sire's hand clamped tightly around my arm, and I realized that he was saying something to me. I blinked away the red haze clouding my vision and focused on him? or tried to. "Witches!" he snarled. I again blinked and yanked from his hold. "Tristan," he said, in a gentler tone. I stilled and took in a deep breath. Right, I thought. Tristan? shit. There was no point in keeping Ian's death from him once he was out of torpor. This was beginning to sound like a fucking disaster just waiting to happen.
"The ward is down," Davina said weakly and promptly passed out. Donnica caught her before she could hit the ground. I glanced up at the sky and realized that it was fully dark.
"She brought it down two and a half hours past her deadline," said Cailin. "But I wasn't going to kill her for not finishing on time."
Evelyn glanced around at all of us, her eyes glinting with murderous rage. "I know we just lost one of our own, but there's another battle to be fought. These may not be shifters, but they are just as unpredictable. They wield magic so tread carefully." She stared hard at Tate, Tory, Kira, Kaylee, Draven, Alyssa, Trinity, Hayley, and well? all the fledglings under the age of five hundred. "Ashley, Ryah, Peyton, Jane?" She let out a low growl and cursed under her breath. "Why are they here?" she finally hissed at Alyssa. I looked around for Skyler and was a little glad that she wasn't here. "Never mind," Evelyn said sharply and turned to face the now visible cabin.
"I'll watch out for them," said Donnica.
"Me, too," Alyssa mumbled. Evelyn grunted and nodded to Brulia, who started muttering under her breath. From the shadows to our right, Tavia, in panther form, stalked to us with Amanda beside her. They had fear in their eyes, and I knew it wasn't because of what was to come. Brulia let out a curse, and blue sparks flew from her fingers, arcing through the air in a beautiful, but deadly display.
"They've detected us," the witch said and gestured for Alyssa, Peyton, Ryah, Ashley, and Jane. A howl suddenly split the air, and wasting no time, someone blew the door of the cabin from its hinges. From inside, screams rent the night air. At least some witches still had some senses left in them. I looked around, wishing that Sven or Cole were here as well. Besides the nine members that made up the Tronis' Bloodline, they were the next best thing to have on your side in any situations. Evelyn, Taylor, and Cailin vanished into the shadows as I flashed through the opening where the door used to be. I dodged a yellow ball of something aiming for me and knocked a witch to the floor, diving into her mind and quickly flipping through her memories. She wasn't Adaira, but she was one of the participants in the ritual to implode Tristan's brain. On that lovely note, I punched my hand through her chest and tore out her heart. I straightened and nearly fell sideway as a sudden wave of power crashed over all of us. Witches that were still standing hit the floor, and choking sounds came from them, as Allia appeared in the doorway.
"I have a question," she said casually, as if she just dropped by for a quick visit to borrow a phone or something. "And I'm only going to ask it once." She stepped into the cabin, and I gritted my teeth against the stinging wave of energy rolling off of her. She stopped at a brunette and inclined her head thoughtfully. "If I don't get an answer within two seconds of my asking, my baby sister has a knife to a very cute boy's throat." She smiled coldly. "Brown hair, blue eyes, holding a toy airplane? Ring a bell?" She gestured to the doorway. A second later, Evelyn appeared with a young boy in her arms, a blade pressed to his throat. One of the witches let out a strangled cry and tried to go to him. Only seeing the beads of blood glinting on the blade and hearing a whimper from the child stopped her. "Cast that spell spinning around in your head, and I'll have your son's throat faster than you can even blink," Allia warned quietly. "Evey, sweetie, if they don't cooperate?" She shrugged, and Evelyn's eyes practically lit up with anticipation. "Now, tell me where Adaira is, or you all? die." When no one answered, Evelyn disappeared with the child. "Such a shame," Allia said with a sigh, and snapped the neck of the nearest witch to her.
"Under here," one of the witches shouted. "There's a trapdoor that leads into a tunnel." I scowled and looked at the floor. Please tell me the trapdoor isn't somewhere obvious, I thought as I moved to the center of the cabin. I almost laughed out loud when I saw the slight misplaced section of the frayed-looking rug.
"Found it," I said dryly and kicked the rug aside. Evelyn appeared beside me as I pulled open the trapdoor. A rush of magic washed over me, and I stiffened, straightening. Spinning around, I stabbed the witch in the throat, cutting her off in the middle of her whispered incantation. Davina, looking pale and dead on her feet, appeared in the doorway and raised a shaky hand, pointing a finger at the closest witch to her. Damn, I silently muttered. No more killing? I looked at her and gave her a pout. Davina of course ignored me and stepped through the door, Brulia and a dozen more witches right behind her.
"All of you are coming with us," Davina said, giving no hint that she was drained to no more than a spark left in her. She muttered something under her breath, and I watched, as one by one, the guilty witches were magically handcuffed; their hands pulled together by some unseen force and bound tightly by a bluish white cord. "It's a good thing you didn't resist," Davina continued. "If you had, I would've given all of you to the vampires. Let all of you fall under their jurisdiction. Trust me, none of you would last a night in their custody." She nodded to the others, who surged forward and grabbed up a cuffed witch, disappearing out the door. When the last one left, Allia let out a long, long heavy sigh. Without any warning, Evelyn jumped through the trapdoor, and I let out a hiss. When I didn't hear her say, gasping in pain due to magical defenses going off, we followed after her. Kira moved up to my side, idly stroking her blade and pouting. She looked around, an exasperated look on her face. The tunnels led off in all directions, and there were torches that lit up each pathway.
"You know," I said to her. "You guys really shouldn't be here."
Kira groaned. "Not you, too," she muttered as Evelyn led us down the left tunnel. "I already got an earful from Cole."
"Maybe you should've listened to him," Evelyn growled. Kira opened her mouth to toss something that could probably get herself killed, but only the smell of smoke saved her from making, at the moment, a gravest mistake. Evelyn stopped, and the air practically stilled with her sudden abruptness. Jailyn flashed to her side and put a hand on Evelyn's arm.
"Please, allow me," she whispered. Evelyn turned to her, and her arm came around Jailyn, catching her before she could fall to the dirt floor. She scowled at the necromancer, her eyes flicking down to Jailyn's pale throat. She squeezed her eyes shut, letting out a pained groan.
I don't know how long we stood there, waiting, but Jailyn jerked in Evelyn's arms and straightened. She turned to face us, rage in her unblinking black eyes. "Adaira is there, along with five of her flunkies," she hissed. "She was able to fry Tristan's brain using Avery's blood. I could smell it under all the burning incents. I knew we should've gone after that bitch." Evelyn put a gentle hand on the necromancer, as souls began to writhe around her. "I'm going to kill them all, all of them."
"But first," Evelyn said softly. "Let's wake Tristan, and then go on from there."
Jailyn took in a deep breath and nodded. "Right," she muttered and turned back to the chamber beyond.
"Are there wards?" Jailyn stiffened and nodded. "Jude, can you unravel them?"
"I can," said Jude. "But it will give away that we're here, if it hadn't already."
"Fuck stealthy," she snarled. "Take them down." Jude nodded and began muttering under his breath. I shivered as the biting cold chill of his magic filled the tunnel. I heard a gasp from within the chamber, and I smiled. We're on you now, bitch, I thought and watched fixatedly as the outline of the archway lit up with a blinding red light.
"Ow," Kira muttered and covered her eyes with her hand. Jude shot her an apologetic look, not pausing in his incantation. He growled, baring his fangs as he grunted. With a determined look, he strode passed us, stopping before the warded archway, about fifty feet away from where the rest of us were standing. Taking a deep breath, he tore into his wrist and thrust his hand through the archway. He let out a curse as his blood turned into ash before dissolving into nothingness. The blinding light vanished, and the wards fell away with an audible pop. Jude flashed into the room, and when I heard him scream, I was through that archway in a heartbeat. No words were exchanged as we fell on them. After finding out which one was Adaira, I went straight for her. She was standing in front of a small altar, blocking something I couldn't see, but I didn't have to see it to know what it was.
"Adaira?" I asked, stopping before her.
"Who is asking?" Adaira asked, reaching behind her back for something. She had her shield up, preventing me from easily reading her. I didn't bother with breaking through, because I had something more interesting to focus on. Like the fact I could see steam rising behind her, creating a misty haze around the damn witch.
"Now does that really matter?"
The black-haired witch with gold highlights shrugged. "I supposed not. Didn't realize you had a witch on your side. Who would be brainless enough to even think of siding with the bloodsuckers?"
"The ones with brains," I said simply. "My question is who would be brainless enough to even try to kill a very powerful vampire?" I glared at her. "You're an elder. You're supposed to help hold up the law, not betray your kind." Wait, I thought. Why the fuck am I even talking to her? Mentally shaking myself, I pointed past her. "What do you have there?" Adaira sneered and moved aside so that I could see the black bowl with intricate designs on it. It was probably some kind of runes or some such. Hoping she was smart enough not to stab me in the back, I stepped closer to the altar and peered into the bowl. Avery's blood was sizzling, hissing and spitting. "Why is it doing that?" I asked, unable to help my curiosity.
"Because," Adaira said slowly, as if she was talking to a one year old. "He's still alive, when he dies, the blood will turn into ash and go poof." She sighed. "I'm surprised he lasted this long. What will it take to kill him?" Okay, that just set off my rage all over again. Before I could? oh I don't know, rip out her throat, Adaira cried out and crumpled to the floor. I slowly turned to find the witch with a blade sticking halfway into her back, and Jordana standing over her, a glint of madness in the young vampire's eyes.
"Lithium blade," Jordana said tonelessly. "If I were you, I wouldn't move a muscle. Or Breathe."
"Jordana?" I spluttered, surprised that she was even here.
"Ari," she said, not taking her eyes off the witch. I finally noticed that there was no more screaming coming from either party. I looked around. All the vampires had their eyes trained on Adaira and Jordana, and the remaining witches were either in pieces or drained completely of blood. Jordana bent and patted Adaira's cheek. "I know your deepest secret," she whispered. "It was a shame I didn't know this secret two hundred years ago. It would've saved me from dying of utter boredom." I inwardly winced. "Now that I do?" Adaira screamed as the blade went in deeper. "We're going to have a lot of fun? together." Liana stepped through the archway and flashed to Jordana's side, putting a hand on her shoulder.
"The spell is broken," Liana said to me. "Take the blood with you."
"I got it," Tate said and picked up the bowl, cursing when it burned his hand. Careful not to spill any drop, he handed it over to Evelyn who disappeared with it. She was back a moment later, and she walked over to us, stopping beside Jordana.
"How did you know to use that particular blade?" Evelyn asked softly. "And where did you get it?"
"Brulia," Jordana said flatly.
Evelyn smiled. "Well done," she said and turned to Liana who nodded. A heartbeat later, Adaira, Jordana, and Liana vanished into thin air. Evelyn inclined her head, and a moment later, everything went dark.
When the brief darkness lifted, I found myself standing at the entrance to a cave. A quick look around told me that all the fledglings were gone. The only vampires present were all the age of one thousand or older. Luckily I was in that category, or else I would've fought fang and claw to stay. I wanted in that cave now and straight for Tristan, but I knew that was my heart talking and not my brain. "Bryn? Sven? Cole?" At the sound of Jailyn's call, the three hunters dropped from trees and straight for us. "No disturbance?"
"Not at all," Brynna said with a wistful sigh. "I wish there was. Do you know how boring it is to be on watch duty?"
"Are we all ready?" Jailyn asked, ignoring the huntress completely. Brynna glowered at the ground, but nodded. "Remember, he is not to be awakened until I, Riordan, Casiar, or Violet gives the all clear." She looked around at all of us gathered. "Sven, Lorena, Ari, Brynna, Cole, Trenoth, Jude, are you guys ready to fight for your life?"
"What kind of a question is that?" Brynna asked, generally confused.
"A great one, since we have no idea of what is to happen. Just be on your guard at all times."
Brynna grudgingly nodded. "You have a point," she muttered. A cool hand touched my arm, and I looked to find Adalyn standing beside me.
"Ada?" I asked, frowning.
"Just wanted to let you know I'm with you all the way, whatever happens," she said quietly. I nodded, a sudden wave of sadness coming over me. She used to smile a lot, used to be outgoing, but that was no longer. Now she was aloof and at times, ruthless, especially when it came to dealing with shifters. Who could blame her? She lost her mate, and it was going to take a lifetime or more until she was able to stand being around them again. Adalyn nodded, just before everything once again, went dark.
The first thing that struck me was the strong scent of days old blood. There was no blood to be seen as we stood in the middle of a wide opened cavern, but the scent still lingered, heavy and thick in the air. "So," Evelyn said slowly. "Who's first through that door?" she asked, nodding to a closed door off to Rebecka's right. Everybody of course, pointed a finger toward Evelyn. Her eyes widened, and then she glared at us. I would've offered to go in first, but I didn't know how I'd react once I saw him. My stomach clenched painfully due to hunger and a dose of fear. Evelyn blew out a breath and waved a hand toward the door. It crashed open with a bone-jarring boom that echoed throughout the cavern. "If I get clawed to death, I'm haunting all of you for eternity," she muttered and strode through the opened doorway. At a slower pace, we followed in after her. Evelyn stopped before a built-in table which had a closed coffin on top of it. She hesitated, before putting a hand on the black box inlayed with gold filigrees. My mouth went dry, and my heart chose that time to pound out a fast, unsteady rhythm. I slowly sheathed my blades in exchanged for a gun, which I held tightly in my hand. Containing bullets enchanted by the lovely Violet, I really didn't want to know what would happen if I shot Tristan with it. I again looked around. Every vampire had a gun out, and was ready for anything. Evelyn turned to Violet. "How many bullets does this have?"
"Twenty rounds," Violet said and glanced nervously at the coffin.
Evelyn nodded and looked to the coffin. "I really, really don't want to open this box," she muttered. "I really, really, really don't want to open it." Muttering something unintelligible, she stiffened and sucked in a deep breath. The air practically crackled with tension. "It is now or never," she said, and flipped open the lid. If a member of the Tronis Bloodline could go paler than pale, Evelyn did. Her entire body went rigid, and her eyes flickered from black to white to black in a dizzying speed.
"Eve?" Allia whispered. Evelyn's mouth opened and shut, but no sounds came out. Dread came over me, my fear mounting. I stiffened. It was all I could do not to flash to Evelyn's side and look into the coffin myself. "Evelyn," Allia said sharply. Evelyn let out a choked sound, grunting as she fought with something we couldn't see. There was a moment of heavy silence before she let out a gasp and jerked away from the table.
"Shit," Evelyn hissed.
"What is it?" Evelyn took in a deep breath, but turned to me as I let out a gasp. A cold sensation came over me, and I suddenly got the urge to walk toward the coffin.
"Fuck," I squeaked and stiffened, willing myself not to take a step forward, but of course I lost the battle. Feeling like I was being pulled along by some unseen rope, I walked to the coffin and stopped beside Evelyn. A raspy sigh sounded in my head, and I shivered as Tristan laughed. Little sister, he silently hissed. What are you waiting for? I only need a few more? drops of blood. Evelyn shook her head.
"How are you awake, brother?" she asked softly. There was a sharp tug, and I suddenly found myself staring into solid white eyes. My vision went blurry, a split second before everything once again went black.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-two

Purple light surrounded me, and probably due to shock, Tristan's hold on me vanished, allowing me to jerk my gaze from him. The first thing I'd noticed besides the strange lighting was the coldness of the place. I holstered my gun and stared wide-eyed at the barren landscape, wondering where in the fuck we were. "Um?" said Brynna. "I think I may have just stepped into the twilight zone." And then her expression went thoughtful. "Wait a minute, I remember this place." She scowled. "The abyss," she muttered to herself. "We're in the abyss, aren't we?" She blinked. "Well, holy shit." She turned and glared at Casiar. "You fucking ass," she growled and stalked away.
"Hey where are you going?" Violet called after her. "There are demons wandering about, you know."
"Even better," Brynna yelled. Oh, sweet Brynna, Tristan silently whispered, and we all froze. Don't wander where the wanderers wander. "Why's that?" Because I have a better idea of what you can do. "And what's that?" she asked slowly, nervously. Tristan didn't answer, he just remained? silent. Brynna finally looked at him, and let out a yelp. "Where the fuck did you get all those bruises?" I frowned and looked at him.
"What the hell?" I asked, staring at the dark bruises marring the left side of his body. He also had bruises on his head. I winced.
"And really," said Brynna. "How are you awake?" A snarl rippled through our minds, and we instinctively took a step back. One of my children is gone, he said silently, rage just beneath the surface. Who is it? "Tristan I-" Tell me! He mentally roared, and white-hot pain exploded in my head. I cried out, clutching my head in a futile attempt to lessen the blinding pain. From the cries and curses, I knew I wasn't the only one. I doubled over as it felt like my brain was being scraped raw. Tristan may not have been able to do anything physically, but he was just as dangerous when it came to the power of the mind. Who? Is? It? "Ian," Brynna shrieked, and with that, the brain scraping stopped, but the pain remained. How? He mentally asked, calmly, and that within itself was detrimental. "I don't know. I swear I don't know." You don't know? He mentally screamed. "I wasn't there!" Brynna shouted, panic in her voice. I painfully straightened, in time to see Sven being propelled toward Tristan. The pain in my head increased, and I almost passed out. My world spun, and I hit the ground hard. Unable to do anything, I watched as Sven fought against Tristan's hold on him. I choked, and then realized that I was bleeding from my eyes, ears, and nose. Trying to blink the blood from my eyes, I focused on Elijah, who was also struggling to get up. Screaming and cursing, Sven was forced to the ground, struggling to keep his fangs from his wrist. Bite yourself, Tristan mentally admonished. Do it, my eldest child.
"I? rather? not? feed? you? when?" Sven said and groaned. With a scream, his fangs tore deep into his wrist. That same wrist was yanked to Tristan's parted lips, and Sven closed his eyes, as his blood slowly poured into his sire's mouth. The pain blessedly vanished, as Tristan's body convulsed. Swearing viciously and once again in control of his own will, Sven withdrew his wrist and quickly closed the deep gash. He got to his feet and flashed several feet away. Someone grabbed me and dragged me from Tristan. I didn't bother to fight whoever it was as a pained groan escaped him. My senses that warned me away from the beginning? grew. That warning spiked, as Tristan gasped, taking in his first breath in days. I wiped away the blood and finally looked into his solid white eyes. I gulped. They were filled with rage, pain, and hunger. No recognition whatsoever could be seen in those eyes. He slowly sat up, and I tensed. The bruises on his body were fading as I contemplated on whether getting up was a good idea or not. Every single vampire, both standing and not standing, were as still as statues, not even breathing. Well, all were still except for Tristan, who was taking in great amount of cold abyss air. After a long moment, he snarled, and I rolled away from him before he could grab me. I flashed to my feet, dodging him. He was up and a blur as he grabbed Jade, both sets of fangs fully extended, ready to strike. Spewing curses at him, she elbowed him in the throat, and I winced. He released her, but had a hand around her wrist. Casiar appeared behind Tristan and yanked him back by the throat. Jade cried out in pain as claws ripped open her wrist. Tristan's snarls turned into a pained hiss, and then he spun on the necromancer. Jailyn popped from out of nowhere and blocked Tristan from ripping into Casiar's throat. She cried out when his fangs tore into her arm, and she smacked him upside the head. I yelped, rubbing my own head as his pain transferred to me.
"Try talking to him?" Trent asked from behind me as a dozen vampires or more converged on Tristan. The scent of blood filled the air, and I inwardly groaned in hunger. Shaking my head, I took a cautious step toward them. The vampires jumped away from him, and I froze in confusion. When Tristan lunged for Cole, silver chains came out of nowhere and hit him. We both screamed and hit the ground. Casiar flashed to me, and I jolted at the feel of death magic. He put a hand on my shoulder, and I gasped, catching my breath as the pain vanished.
"What are you doing to him?" I asked, coughing as Tristan continued to scream and struggle against the chains dragging him to a black pillar I hadn't noticed earlier. Casiar's eyes narrowed as the chains pulled him into a standing position. The chains wrapped around the pillar, holding him there. Violet, looking terrified, stepped from behind the pillar, her wrist bleeding. Tristan's struggles became more frantic as she stepped closer to him. "Are those chains enchanted?" Casiar nodded, watching intently as Violet brought her bleeding wrist to Tristan's mouth. Jailyn, absent-mindedly rubbing her arm, came over to us and held out her hand to her mate. Casiar put his hand into his pocket, and I stiffened. The hand that was still on my shoulder tightened in warning. Pulling out a vial, he dropped it onto her palm. "What is that?" I asked suspiciously.
"It's my blood and Riordan's," said Casiar.
"That will help? how?"
"Davina spelled it so that the blood can jumpstart his consciousness." My stomach clenched more painfully.
"We want him alert and focused enough not to kill us," Jailyn said gently and cringed as Tristan's enraged struggles with the chains caused the pillar to creek and groan in protest.
"That won't hold him for long," I said and reluctantly nodded to the vial in her hand. Jailyn disappeared, only to reappear behind Violet who was in the process of licking her wrist. She kept licking at the wound long after it was closed.
"That hurts," the younger necromancer complained and stepped aside. Jailyn closed in on Tristan, flicking the vial opened with her thumb. Tristan stopped struggling against the chains and eyed the vial. Not taking any chances, Jailyn flung the blood into his opened mouth. He choked, and then snapped his mouth shut, his throat working. He jerked against the chains as awareness entered his eyes. He blinked, holding back another scream of pain as he looked around. He was clearly starved out of his mind, but at least ten percent of him was back online. His eyes finally landed on me, and Casiar quickly removed his hand from my shoulder. Luckily the pain didn't reappear. Maybe more than ten percent of him was back, or Casiar muttered a two seconds pain numbing spell or something. Hoping that he wasn't going to kill me, I walked over to him, stopping out of grabbing range.
"Tristan?" I said softly. The chains clinked against each other as he moved, the only sound breaking the silence apart from his harsh ragged pants. I looked back to Casiar, giving him a questioning look. He came over to me, a clear plastic cup appearing in his hand. I blinked at it, as he stopped beside me. He held out the cup to me and nodded to my hand.
"Unless you want to risk him chewing off your hand literally, I recommend bloodletting into the cup. I'd help you, but I like my head right where it is at the moment." Nodding in sudden understanding, I took the cup from him. Mates, whether it was vampires, demons, or shifters, were very territorial. Usually a mate didn't mind the opposite sex touching his or her partner, but at the moment? Casiar winced, quickly backing away from me. "And I prefer what's left of my functioning brain to remain intact." The necromancer gestured everyone back a safe distance and nodded to the cup in my hand. "Go on." Taking a deep breath, I ripped into my wrist, letting my blood fill the cup and quickly backing away as Tristan slammed against his chains. He screamed and cursed as I tear into my wrist a second time, his eyes fixed on the blood like it was chocolate. The cup filled to the brim, I walked back to him. He continued struggling, straining to break free.
"Tristan," I said and pressed the cup to his mouth. He stilled, inhaling deeply. His eyes went unfocused, and I pulled the cup away before he could eat the plastic along with the blood. Growling and faster than I could blink, he snatched the cup from my hand, some blood spilling over the edge. I looked down and noticed one of his hands wasn't chained to the pillar. Hissing, he downed the blood in one gulp, shuddering as the blood coursed through his body. Allia appeared beside him and held out her wrist, taking the empty cup from his hand. He let out a snarl, and Allia stiffened as his fangs sank in deep. Looking highly agitated, Tristan pulled back, only to yank her to him and sinking his fangs into her jugular. Allia swore viciously under her breath as he continued to pull deeply on her neck. After a long minute or two, she ripped herself from him, stumbling into Riordan. The necromancer caught her and leaned in to close the wound before straightening and taking his turn in feeding Tristan. For the next half hour, and one by one, his siblings fed him, oldest to youngest. When they were done, Tristan finally slipped into a healing coma.
"That went better than I thought," Evelyn said cheerfully as she unchained him, and he fell into my arms. I grunted, holding all of his weight as I carried him away from the pillar.
"Hey." We all spun around, and I blinked, as Ian waved to us with a transparent hand.
"Ian?" Evelyn yelped. "You look? happy to be dead."
"I'm not," Ian grumbled. "But I'm not going to be all doom and gloom about it." Then he looked to Tristan in my arms. "Will he be okay?" he whispered, an anguished look in his eyes. He floated over to me and put a hand on his sire's back. "Shit," he muttered. "He's going to-" He jerked his hand away, and I froze, as Tristan went rigid. The conversations that were going on suddenly stopped, as all eyes focused on him. Guess he wasn't in a healing coma after all, I silently muttered. Tristan straightened and pulled away from me, his eyes clouded with pain and confusion. He looked to Ian and blinked. "I'm sorry," Ian said quietly. Retracting his claws, Tristan held up his hand.
"Why are you sorry?" he rasped, speaking out loud for the first time since his awakening.
"For dying," Ian said simply. "You still need to heal," he continued slowly. "And? do you mind putting some clothes on? I'm going blind."
"Everyone here barely has clothes on, and you're complaining," Tristan drawled, and then he groaned as his nose began to bleed. We watched as something past telepathically between the two of them, and I wondered what they were talking about, or reminiscing about. Ian nodded sadly and reached out to Jailyn, the closest vampire and necromancer to him.
"Sire," said Ian. "Kill that fucking bitch for me." Hisses, growls, and snarls rang throughout the abyss, echoing eerily through the wide, wide opened space of nothing. No one needed to ask who the bitch Ian was talking about, because everyone here knew that the bitch was none other than Shae.
"Oh," Tristan said, his voice no more than a deadly promise. "I will."
Ian smirked and nodded. "And as to how I died, my head was halfway severed when Ari and Alexander found me."
"Fuck!" I shouted and moved closer to him. Tristan's arm came around me before I could go through Ian. Still, I struggled. Both of us wet and sticky with blood all over, he still held me with no effort. His other arm came around me, trapping me against his chest. "How did we not know?" I asked angrily.
Ian held up both hands. "I was completely covered in blood, and you probably didn't see all of me. Besides, there were four shifters in the room with me. They're not stupid even though we like to think they are. One or more of them were probably blocking half of me from view."
"That is no excuse!" I seethed, Tristan groaning softly behind me as I continued to struggle.
"Look," Ian said with a sigh. "Don't blame yourself for my death." He looked around at all of us and scowled at Jailyn who had a guilty look on her face. "None of you," he said firmly.
"Easier said than done," Jailyn muttered. "If I hadn't released my souls on those bastards?"
Ian sighed. "You were pissed off. Even I knew that much in my half-conscious state. And sire, don't you dare say this was your fault, or I'm going to haunt you for eternity. I can do it too, you know."
"Go," Tristan said gently. I finally stopped struggling and went limp in his arms, the anger draining from me.
"Will you be okay? I mean, you won't go rogue, will you?" Everybody there? winced. Tristan sighed into my hair. "You won't turn rogue, right?" Ian pushed a nervous edge to his voice.
"I won't turn rogue," Tristan finally said. "But if I do, everyone around you here knows what is to be done."
"You can't be killed."
Tristan chuckled. "Sure I can, my child. But for the sake of the entire vampire race, I can be put to sleep." Looking unhappy, Ian nodded.
"And," said Evelyn. "If he's one step away from becoming a rogue, he has us to beat his ass back to his senses, like we have always done for the past? how long now?"
"How very touching, sister."
"Well, I tried to be."
"Okay," Ian grumbled.
"Go," Tristan said again. "I'll be fine." Jailyn took Ian's hand into hers and slowly led him away.
"I'll be watching over you," Ian muttered to himself as Jailyn hugged him to her and disappeared in a blinding white light.
"Damn it," I moaned. "This sucks balls." I straightened and turned in Tristan's arms. His nose was still bleeding, and I grimaced, pulling away from him. His eyes once again went dazed and unfocused. Evelyn lunged, catching him as he passed out, the blood vessels in his eyes bursting.
"Oh, dearest brother, you poor thing," Evelyn whispered, stroking his cold cheek. "Sleep, brother of mine, sleep."
I reached out and ran my fingers through his short hair. "Sleep, Tristan," I said softly. "I'll be here when you wake."
Evelyn looked over to Casiar and sighed. "I think we're done here. If you please, jump us." Casiar stared at Tristan for a very, very long time before nodding. I gasped as my stomach dropped, and everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-three

LIANA

"Adaira," Jordana said with a pout. Adaira, the witch responsible for putting Tristan in a world of hurt, lay motionless on the cold stone floor of my basement. For over three hours, she showed no sign of waking up. I looked at the lithium blade on the table in front of me and picked it up.
"You know, Jordana," I said, frowning at the white blade with strange shimmer of silver to it when reflected by light. "I'm surprised she didn't combust into flames when you stabbed her. Maybe you should give her some more of your blood." After Evelyn had teleported us out of the fight, which by the way, I so wanted a part in, Jordana yanked the blade out and using the same blade, slashed open her wrist and force-fed the witch, healing her. For the next hour while waiting for Adaira to wake up, and the others to returned, I was freaking out, because no vampire had ever used a weapon that could zap a witch of her magic. Yes it wasn't a blade to weaken vampires, but still. So, now here I was, not letting my insane child near it as she continued to eye the thing like it was the most treasured weapon in the world. Technically it was, and I still couldn't wrap my head around the fact that Brulia, out of all the witches in the state of California, had given it to me. Davina was soooo going to have her head for this.
"It's magical. Isn't-?" She screamed as I dropped the blade and moved in a blur, my hand clamped tightly over her mouth.
"Careful, sweetie," I whispered. Jordana's eyes widened, and she nodded. "I know she's not awake, but you never know, so shhhh." She again nodded. I removed my hand and went back to my chair and slowly sat.
"I'm sorry," she mumbled.
"Don't be," I said and picked the blade back up. "You think if I stab her, she'll wake up?"
Jordana laughed. "Worth a shot."
"No, let's not test that," Sven said from the top of the stairs.
"You're back," I said, setting the blade down on the table and getting to my feet.
"Been back for a while now."
I flashed up the stairs and stopped before him, looking him up and down. "How did it go?"
"Better than I hoped," he said, looking past me to Jordana. "How's everything here?" he asked, pulling me into his arms.
I rested my head on his shoulder and sighed. "She won't wake up."
"Hmm," he said thoughtfully. "Did you give Brulia a call?"
"I did, but she hadn't answered her phone."
"Maybe it will take twelve hours for her to wake up," said Jordana.
"Maybe," said Sven. Jordana was suddenly beside us, and she pushed her way between me and Sven, forcing us apart.
"Jordana?" I asked nervously.
"Where is Tristan?"
"He's in one of the guest rooms," Sven said and glanced at the opened door behind him. "Would you like to see him?"
"Can I?" she asked sadly, and I inwardly winced.
"Come," he said and turned. My hand resting on Jordana's back, we followed Sven as he led us through the kitchen, the living room, up a flight of stairs, and turning right down the hall. The air felt charged, and I wondered if Tristan was awake or not. Stopping before a door, Sven put his hand on the doorknob and paused.
"How long have you guys been back?" I asked.
"About an hour and a half."
"He's probably awake," I said with a sigh.
"He is," Ari said from inside the room. "Turn off the light before you come in." I looked to Sven in question.
"He no longer has the wristband Brulia gave him," he said and glanced up at the light, scowling. A moment later, the hall was plunged into complete darkness. Then he turned the knob and pushed open the door. At the sight of Tristan chained to the bed, Jordana let out a moan. She flashed into the room, dropping heavily onto the bed. She just? stared at him, and he just? stared impassively back at her. "Thank the world that you are not naked," Sven said dryly, stepping into the room. I followed him in and closed the door behind me. Ari too, was on the bed, casually stroking Tristan's cheek. I was a little surprised he didn't turn his head and bite off her fingers.
"Does it still hurt?" Jordana asked in a small voice, tentatively touching the chain over his wrist.
"I have a fucking migraine," Tristan groaned and closed his eyes.
"You need to heal," Ari said disapprovingly. "You keep waking up every?" She scowled. "Ten minutes."
"I do not," he said with a weary sigh.
Ari stopped her stroking and glared at him. "You do too," she growled. "Now stop being a stubborn ass and go to sleep."
"How long are you demanding I sleep?" he asked dryly.
"Eighteen hours."
"I only need twelve."
"Eighteen," she said firmly, and I hid a smile.
"There's no need-"
"Don't argue with me," she said sharply, cutting him off. "You need to heal, and the way to go about that is for you to sleep deeply."
"Yes, dear," Tristan said with a heavy sigh. "If you insist."
She leaned down and kissed him. "I insist," she whispered. "It will be around seven in the evening when you wake up."
Tristan nodded. "And Jordana, my sweet insane youngling?"
Jordana leaned closer to him. "Yes?" she asked softly.
"Please don't kill Adaira. She and I? have unfinished business between us."
Jordana patted him on the stomach. "I promise I won't kill her." She pouted. "But can I still eat her?"
He chuckled. "As long as you don't kill her."
She nodded. "Got it." And with me standing by the door, Sven standing beside the bed, and Ari and Jordana leaning over him, Tristan let out a long breath. The charge in the air slowly dissipated, as he slipped into unconsciousness.
"Damn woman," I said, smirking as Ari let out a relieved sigh and sat back on the bed. "Leave it to you to freely order him around without fear that he'll rip your head off before you could finish your demands."
Ari shrugged. "I know he won't hurt me. Well, at least not on purpose." There was a knock on the door, and I stepped aside as it opened to allow Evelyn and Casiar into the room. Shifting uneasily and her head down, Jordana slipped off the bed and flashed to a corner of the room and stood motionless, her expression going blank. Ari glared at the necromancer. "Are you here to add another layer of magic on him?"
"No," Casiar said, his hands raised and backing up a step from Ari, who had murderous intent in her eyes. "I only came to let you know that there are ten humans on standby. He needs to be fed every two hours."
"Oh," she said, relaxing a tiny bit, and then she frowned. "Two hours? I thought he needed to feed every six."
"That would be true if he wasn't healing. And speaking of feeding?" He glanced at Evelyn and vanished.
Ari glared at the spot where Casiar was a second ago and growled in frustration. "I really, really hate him at the moment."
Evelyn chuckled and sat down beside her. "I know," she said, giving Ari's arm a light squeeze. "But he is only helping, not hindering."
"I know," Ari said with a sigh. "But still."
Evelyn took the clearly agitated vampire into her arms and patted her back in a soothing manner. "The magic is not hurting him at all. I can promise you that," she whispered. "You would know it if it hurts him." A hand landed on my shoulder, and I looked up to find Sven who was discreetly pulling Jordana from her corner as Evelyn continued to soothe Ari's frayed nerves. With a nod to Evelyn, he teleported us from the room.

JADE

The morning breeze was cool and refreshing, as I took in my surroundings. The streets were quiet, a few stragglers making their way to wherever they were going. Leaves crunched loudly to my sensitive hearing as I stepped further into the shadows. The two buildings on either side of me were decrepit and smelled of mildew and rotting woods. The light pole on the corner of the street flickered on and off as I scented the air. A couple of homeless humans eyed me strangely from behind the dumpster and cardboard boxes, but they remained silent for which I was very grateful. Nodding to myself, I stepped back onto the street, dodging cars as the occupant's honk their horns at me, making me cringe. Once out of sight behind a clump of trees, I launched myself into the sky. Not soon after I was airborne, I sensed the presence of another vampire. When I was high enough to be undetectable by humans, I turned. "Skyler?" I asked in surprise. "What are you doing out and about?"
"Hunting," she said with a sigh. "But I don't want to feed on the homeless. Their blood isn't so? great."
I smirked. "Don't like drug-laced blood?" Skyler grunted as she hovered an arm's length from me, the wind around us cold and biting. "Ever thought about breaking in and feeding from a sleeping human?"
"I have, but?"
I held out my hand to her, and she put her icy one into mine. "Come, let's find you breakfast." Skyler's eyes widened, just before a sharp pain ripped through me.
"Jade," she said in a strangled voice as rage overrode the pain in my back. Did someone just plunge a fucking knife into my back? Gritting my teeth, I jerked my hand from Skyler, and then I was freefalling as another blade struck my spinal cord.
"Skyler don't!" I yelled as the panicked fledgling streaked across the sky. Oh, this was going to hurt, I thought as the ground rushed up to meet me. Before I became a pancake upon the ground, Skyler's arms came around me.
"Sorry!" she yelled as I gasped in pain, the two blades going deeper into my back. The scent of fear in my nose, the fledgling flew high and fast as my body tried to dislodge the foreign objects that didn't belong. Breathing shallowly, Skyler turned me in her arms until I met her pitched black eyes. "Should I pull them out?" she asked, the scent of fear rising from her.
"Just fly," I gasped, and then blinked at Elijah who appeared in midair behind Skyler.
"No need to go any farther," he growled and caught both of us before a startled Skyler could drop me. Then everything went dark.
I didn't even have time to figure out where I was before Ari was on us. She sent Elijah crashing into a wall, and if I wasn't in so much pain, I'd laugh my ass off. "Skyler!" she said, breathing hard like her child was doing at the moment. I painfully hit the floor on my back and silently cursed. "What happened? Are you hurt? Where were you?" And then she looked at me. She pressed her fingers into her temples and moaned. "Just fucking shoot me, please?" She knelt beside me, and it looked like she was either going to bang her head against something solid, kill someone, cry, or all three. "Sorry, Jade," she said tiredly.
"Don't apologize, just take them out," I said, giving her a pained smile. She rolled me onto my stomach, muttering under her breath. Elijah, who remained in an awkward heap, grunt and got slowly to his feet, rubbing his head. He held up his hand before Ari could apologize to him too. He disappeared into thin air as Skyler knelt beside Ari, putting her hand on my back.
"It's not my blood," she reassured her sire.
Ari sighed. "I know." Without any warning, the two blades were yanked from me. I sucked in a sharp breath, letting it out with a curse. Then I froze, as my back began to tingle, or more precisely, my wounds. Ari went very still, and I wondered what in the world was happening to me. I grunted as my shirt unstuck from my back, and then cold hands, more likely Skyler's covered the two opened wounds. The feeling of magic was suddenly in the air, and I stiffened.
"Skyler, what are you doing?" I asked, a hint of warning in my voice.
"Relax," she said grumpily. "This never worked before." I twitched as I felt my wounds begin to nit back together. A few seconds later, Skyler removed her hands and let out a harrumph. The pain now gone and no longer bleeding all over the place, I slowly moved into a sitting position and looked at Skyler.
"Cool," she said and stared at the blood on her hands. "It actually worked."
Ari smirked and patted her on the head. "That is because once you became a vampire, your magic came to life, fully."
"And now I don't know how to control my magic," Skyler muttered, fear gone now that no one was dying. "I think I almost accidentally staked Jailyn a week ago."
"Really?" I asked, getting to my feet. "Damn, wish I'd been there to see it."
"It wasn't that amusing."
"It sure as hell would've been for me."
She snorted and got to her feet. "I bet," she said dryly and headed for the kitchen. Sighing, I followed her. Stopping at the fridge, she opened it and peeked inside. She pulled out a couple of blood bags and slammed shut the door. I walked to the pristine white counter and leaned on it, watching her as she popped the blood into the microwave. A few seconds later and before the black box could ding, she pushed the button, opening the door. Pulling out the bags and leaving the door opened, she walked over to me. "Want one?" she asked. I nodded and took the hot plastic from her and bit into it. Wincing from the temperature, I almost groaned out loud as I drained it.
"Well," Ari said from the archway leading back into the living room. She came in and stopped before Skyler. She frowned. "Have another one," she said as her child pulled the empty blood bag from her mouth.
"But there's only three left."
Ari winced. "I'll be back with a few more," she said and flashed from the kitchen.
"What was she going to say before she came in?" Skyler asked.
I shrugged. "You're asking me?"
"Hey, you know her better than I do."
"I was going to ask if you saw who attacked you, Jade," Ari said from down the hall somewhere. A moment later, she appeared in the kitchen and dropped four more bags of the red liquid on the counter beside me.
"Are all those for me?" Skyler asked and snatched a couple from the counter and ripped into one.
Ari stared at Skyler intently, causing the fledgling to shift uncomfortably. "How long have you gone without feeding?"
Looking thoughtful, Skyler drained the blood and frowned, dropping the empty bag into her sire's outstretched hand. "A day and a half? I think?" she mumbled. Ari sighed. "I'm not really into drinking from plastic bag," she muttered.
"I can take her hunting with me," I offered. "I won't mind having a hunting partner." I put up a hand when Ari turned to me. "I give you my word that I won't let anything happen to her," I said quickly. "I'll even swear it by blood if you want."
"Stop," Ari said, shaking her head. "Stop, a word bind is good enough."
"Oh, thank the lord and Jesus," I said in relief. At this, Skyler choked and spewed blood from her mouth as she burst out laughing and coughing. I smiled and tried not to join in with her, though it was hard as hell.
"Er? okay then," Ari said slowly.
"Don't worry," I said dryly. "I don't worship the guy. Just a saying, you know?" Ari laughed softly and nodded.
"Thanks, Jade," said Skyler. "Thanks a whole lot," she grumbled and stared at the blood on the linoleum floor. "Now I have to clean it up."
"No need," said Ari. "I got it. You just go and clean yourself up."
Skyler nodded. "Can I see Tristan after?"
Ari hesitated. "Sure," she said slowly. "But if he so much as even twitches a finger, you flash from that room and let me know." She nodded. "No hesitating," she warned. "If he lays a finger on you, you're done for."
"I know, sire. I know." And with that, Skyler was gone.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-four

ADAIRA

As if someone had dunk me in ice cold water, I painfully sucked in a lungful of air, gasping. What the hell was wrong with me? I thought, and then it all came rushing back to me in a painful wave of memories, the battle with the vampires, being stabbed in the back, and then? nothing. How long was I out? I opened my eyes to find utter and complete darkness. Where in the hell was I? "Anyone there?" I asked nothing but darkness.
"If you have to ask that," a young female voice said. "You're stupider than I thought."
"Who the hell are you?"
"Why is that always the first question out of everyone's mouth?" a deep male voice growled.
The female snorted. "Wouldn't you ask the same thing?" she asked.
"No, I'd be going for their throat."
"Of course," she said with a sigh. "Adaira," she suddenly said in a cheerful tone. "First, I'm Kira, and you're deep within the Vampiric Council HQ. So, I tell you now, don't try any subtle moves. Or? you'll regret it, dearly."
"Why so cheerful?" I muttered. There was a loud crack, and the room was suddenly bathed in a green glow. I looked around, and found a blonde vampire holding a glow stick. She smiled at me and waved it in the air.
"Do you remember they used to sell a bunch of this in stores everywhere?" She looked thoughtful. "Wonder why they don't anymore. You know I'd freeze a bunch of these and warm them up in the microwave to make them glow brighter. Well, until I warmed one a little too long. When I took it out, the stupid glowstick literally broke open on me. Some of the red liquid got into my mouth. It tasted disgusting, and I honestly thought I was going to die." She muttered something under her breath. "But enough of that," she said and dropped the green stick on the floor. "You're probably wondering how long you've been out. Well, your ass was in sweet oblivion for three days. Who knew a lithium blade could put out a witch for that long? What I'm wondering is, do you have your magic back?"
"Why do you want to know?"
She shrugged. "Just curious."
"If I did have my magic, I wouldn't tell you."
She sighed. "If I were you, I start talking."
"And if I don't?"
She again sighed. "You know what?" she asked, looking at whoever I couldn't see past the green glow. "How about you take over? I suck." A low chuckle floated from the shadows, and I gritted my teeth. It was all I could do not to squirm.
"What is this about?" I asked. "Why am I here?"
Kira gave me an icy stare so chilling that for a second, my brain practically rattled in my skull. "You," she growled. "Need to ask that fucking question?" Then, I couldn't breathe, as she grabbed me by the neck and yanked me to my feet, slamming me against the unyielding wall behind me. White light exploded behind my eyes as pain ripped throughout my entire body. "You put my sire's brain on fire, and you're asking what is this about?" she snarled. "Really?" she hissed as I struggled to breathe. "Really?"
"Careful, sweetheart. She's turning a lovely shade of blue." Growling under her breath and her arm trembling, she slowly released me and backed away. I gasped in air, doubling over, wheezing as I massage my throat. Shit, that was going to leave bruises in a few hours, probably in a few seconds.
"If you puke, I'm going to make you eat it," she snapped as I slowly straightened.
"Who's your sire?" I wheezed.
"Who do you think?" she drawled. "Who were you trying to kill just these past oh? I don't know, week?"
I suddenly went cold all over. "He's here?" I rasped and strained my eyes to see into the shadows just beyond the stupid glow stick. Kira bent and picked up the only light source in the room and dropped it into her pocket, plunging the room to almost complete darkness. There was a knock, and I heard a door opening.
"Kira?" another female voice asked, and it was a voice I knew too well.
"I'm in here, Davina."
"Davina," I yelped. "Davina, you have to get me out of here," I said and took a step toward the stairs backlit by the light coming from the opened door. "Please?" I stumbled to a stop as a warning tingle crept down my spine.
"Not so fast," Kira said, back to her cheerful tone. "You're not done here."
"I am so-" I gasped as I felt a cold sharp stinging pain in my neck. I choked and gurgled as hot blood poured from my neck wound. She slit my throat, I thought dazedly. That bitch fucking slit opened my throat. Panicked, I reached deep into myself and broke out into a cold sweat when I couldn't feel the stored energy of my magic. I dropped to my knees as the room began to spin around me. They really stabbed me with a lithium blade, I thought. Why else couldn't I access my magic? I had no magic to heal myself, and I was going to die via blood loss. Just? wonderful.

KIRA

"Kira," Tristan groaned. The air stirred, and he was suddenly in front of the dying witch. He pulled her to her feet and tilted her head back as she continued to choke on her own blood. With a growl, his tongue flicked out, and I sighed as he began to heal the bitch. Shuddering in pleasure, he stepped back from her and let her dropped weakly to the blood-coated floor.
"Wow," I said. "You didn't eat her."
"Kira!" Davina suddenly exclaimed. "Why did you do that for?"
I shrugged. "She wouldn't answer me when I asked if she got her magic back, so I had to find out in some other ways. And now, I have my answer."
She sighed. "You could've asked me," she muttered.
"Yes, I could have, but my way is more appropriate," I said and sheathed the bloody blade I was holding. The elder of the Witch Council let out a heavy sigh and came down the stairs muttering, "Damn stupid bloodsuckers." "Not all of us are stupid," I said cheerfully and smirked. Davina halted before Tristan and eyed him nervously.
"Are you going to bite me?" she asked and glared at the back of his head.
"If I wanted to bite you," he said, not turning around. "I would've done it sooner."
"Fair enough," she huffed. "Are you going to give me back my magic you stole from me or not?"
"Mmm," he said thoughtfully and turned to face her. "What will you trade for it?"
"In truth, I shouldn't give you anything for it since it was you who took my magic in the first place."
"Will an apology do?" he drawled.
"Fuck you." He sighed, and then Davina let out a squeak as he grabbed her and forced her eyes to his. She let out a scream as Adaira and I were thrown across the room. My head smacked against the wall, and I cursed as stars danced in my vision. After what seemed like forever, Davina's scream turned into a moan, and the suffocating power of Tristan lifted. Adaira moaned weakly as I cautiously sat up. I looked around to find Davina curled into herself on the floor and clutching her head as she groaned and cursed my sire who was standing over her.
"Forgive me," Tristan said dryly. "I didn't know it was going to hurt."
Davina glared up at him. "You so did know!" she yelled and got slowly to her feet, wincing. "You arrogant fucking moron!" She yanked a blade from one of his many sheathes and gutted him. Snarling, I lunged for her? only to find that I couldn't even move a muscle. Staring furiously at Tristan, I could do nothing but watch, because telling him to release me would accomplish nothing. Hissing as Davina stabbed him a second time, Tristan grabbed her wrist and squeezed until the knife dropped into his other hand. Sheathing the blade, he yanked her to him and sank his fangs into her neck with a snarl. A long second past, before he withdrew and glared darkly at her.
"Don't ever," he growled. "Do that again."
"Let me go," Davina said, grunting as she attempted to break out of his hold. "I'll knee you in the balls if you don't let me go," she warned.
"Then I'll simply have to bite you again," he said and tossed her bodily up the stairs. A pale hand flashed and caught her before she could go through a window.
"Such a pity," Tristan said, sighing.
"Can you let me go now?" I grumbled. The invisible vice-like grip vanished, and I glanced at Adaira who was staring at nothing, half asleep. I pointed to her. "Want to do something about that?"
Tristan glanced at where I was pointing and glared at the witch. "You cut her, you feed her. If I end up touching her, I may end up snapping her neck before I get the chance to talk to her."
"Fine, fine," I grumbled and crawled to the witch. Ripping open my wrist, I pressed it to Adaira's mouth. "Drink," I said, staring deeply into her half-closed eyes. Her expression went blank, and I felt the pull of my blood being drawn and swallowed. I pulled my wrist away and licked it close. "Nap time is over," I said dryly as her eyes widened.
"Is it?" Tristan asked dryly, cursing as he flipped on the light. I winced as his pale skin began to redden slightly.
"Tristan!" Adaira exclaimed and knocked my arm aside as she scrambled to her feet. "You should be dead," she snapped. "How are you up?" I watched as my sire pulled out a pure white blade and held it to the light. The blade shimmered with silver, and Adaira paled. "Where the fuck did you get that?"
"That's the million-dollar question, isn't it?" Tristan asked in a low tone as he sheathed the magical blade.
"Where did you get that?" she hissed.
He shrugged. "If you must know, a witch gave it to us."
"What are you going to do to me?"
"Oh? I don't know," he said thoughtfully. "Sweetheart, what do you think I should do to the witch who fried my brain, hmm?"
"I have no idea," I said chirpily. "Give her an aneurism? Oh, wait, that will kill her." I frowned in thought as Adaira grew paler.
"Hmm," he said thoughtfully. "A little birdie once told me, if a witch is stabbed with a lithium blade, it knocks a witch out for three days and zaps him or her of magic." He smirked. "But your magic will return in half an hour after waking." My skin crawled as his energy filled the room. "We can't have that now," he said softly, and in the blink of an eye, he stabbed Adaira in the leg. "Can we?" he finished as the witch screamed. This time however, she didn't slip into unconsciousness. Adaira kicked out with her other leg as Tristan closed in on her. He caught it before she could connect with his own. She pummeled him with her fists as he leaned down, his hand on the hilt of the blade. She turned green as the blade was pushed deeper. He released it and cupped her chin as her hand flew to the hilt of the blade. Tears and sweat poured down her cheeks as she vainly tried to pull it out. Tristan's smile was creepy as he stared deeply into her dark brown eyes. "That blade, sweetheart, is not going anywhere. So don't bother with trying to remove it." He sighed. "I also can't have you bleeding out on me, either," he growled in annoyance. Baring his fangs, he ripped opened his wrist and pressed it to her mouth. His hold on her chin tightened as she tried to turn her head away from the blood. "None of that now," he chided, her expression going blank. "Drink," he said, almost gently, and I shivered.
"Ow," I said, wincing as the wound closed over the lithium blade. "Ow," I said again and got to my feet. "Do I get to watch?" Tristan released Adaira and stepped back from her. She moaned and sobbed in pain, her leg twitching and jerking. Every time it did that, the witch turned green.
"A quick death for you wouldn't do, sweet Adaira," Tristan said in a deadly tone. "If I had to suffer a week of agonizing pain, then you shall as well. It's only fitting, don't you think?"
"Go to hell!" Adaira screamed, and then groaned.
"I'm already there," he said softly, and then the red vanished from his eyes, leaving them solid white, and filled with rage. Seeing this, the witch froze, her screams of pain turning into short burst of gasps and whimpers. Tristan reached down and plucked her off the floor, and the witch let out a bloodcurdling scream at the sudden move. He hugged her struggling body to him, and the evil smile she couldn't see was chilling. With a finger, he tilted Adaira's head back until she was looking him in the eye. "The pain in your leg," he growled. "Is nothing to what's to come." I suddenly couldn't breathe, as the air thrummed with barely leashed power. "But first," Tristan whispered in her ear. "Let me give you a taste of what you, my dear, have put me through." He smirked. "I'm still suffering from the aftermath of almost having my brain melted."
"No," Adaira moaned. Tristan's eyes narrowed on her, and I shivered at the low growl emanating from him. He released the witch, and she dropped heavily to the floor with a scream. That scream grew louder and more shrilled as she began to writhe. Blood began to pour from her eyes, and Tristan barely got out of the way before she vomited. When she threw up blood a few seconds later, he let out an irritated growl. Adaira finally passed out, and the silence was bliss to my throbbing ears.
"That," I said dryly to the unconscious witch. "Was just a taste of what he went through. If he had given you the full blast of it, your brain wouldn't stand a chance under the onslaught." I walked over to Tristan as Evelyn appeared in the room.
"Take a breather," she said to Tristan before disappearing with the witch. He glared at where she was standing a split second ago and put a hand on my shoulder. With a sigh, he teleported.
A second later, I found myself standing in the living room of his residential home. Pulling away from Tristan, I walked into the kitchen and straight for the box of chocolate chip cookies on the table. Before I could even reach for it, the cookies disappeared. "Oh, come on!" I exclaimed. "Just one, please?"
"How about you jump in the shower," Tristan said from behind me. Grumbling under my breath, I turned and left the kitchen.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-five

AISLEY

"The head of the Vampiric Council is dead!" Shae shouted to the whole pride gathered in the auditorium of an abandon theater just outside San Diego. Cheers, hollers and excited hoots filled the small space as she stood at center stage, smirking, a gleam to her dark blue cat-like eyes. Getting to my feet along with them, I whooped and cheered, but inside, I was disgusted. Couldn't we all just get along and none of this, who-has-the-bigger-dick shit? Shae's obsession with wiping out the vampire race was just laughable. Yes, she took down a Council Member about a year ago, but something was telling me that it was pure luck on her part. No one kills a Tronis and live long enough to tell the tale a year later. Hell, not even a day. Shae living this long was again, pure luck, and oh, let's not forget the witches. Without me suggesting she side with the magic users, Shae would have not seen her next sunrise. Shae raised a hand, and the auditorium fell silent. I slowly sat and leaned back in my chair, briefly glancing at the door leading out into the hall. "The rest of the Council will be devastated by his death and therefore, will be weak. They'll be overcome with rage and grief that they won't be able to even think straight. We're going to take them down one by one, and once they are dead, the whole vampire community will fall." Cheers once again rang out, and she smiled proudly to the crowd. I resisted the urge to flip her off. "Yes," she said. "We shall celebrate this victory we've waited centuries to fulfill and at last, we have once and for all." Sanctimonious bitch, I silently muttered. Why, why, why was I even born into this god forsaken Pride? Each pride was a huge ass happy family. But over the centuries, outsiders were brought in, and they were considered as extended family. I just happened to be born into this Brunzdale Pride. "I shall have some of you go out patrolling this night and see what you can gather." She paused and looked over the crowd, to the door that was suddenly slammed open. I turned in my seat and scowled at the nervous guard as he walked down the center aisle. The entire auditorium once again fell silent, waiting anxiously to hear what he had to say as he climbed the eight steps to the stage. Stopping in front of Shae, he knelt, not looking up at her.
"My lady," said the guard. "Forgive me for interrupting, but I come bearing news." I stiffened.
"What is it?"
"My lady, it is the witch, Adaira."
"What of her?" she snapped, already impatient with him.
The guard glanced up at her and took in a deep breath. "Adaira has failed, my lady. She has been captured by the Vampiric Council. If they have not broken her as of yet, they will soon. They'll know of our hideouts and of your plans."
Shae's eyes narrowed dangerously, and her face flushed red with rage. "Anything else?" she growled through gritted teeth.
"Yes, my lady. There's one more thing." He hesitated. "Tristan is not dead as we have thought him to be. He still breathes." The whole crowd let out a collective gasp, and the mutters started up around me. Shae's entire body shook, and I inwardly cringed as her eyes, blazing with fury, landed on me. Oh, fun, I thought dryly. She was going to blame me for this. I stared back at her, not giving away any expression to indicate if I was angry, delighted, smug, or afraid. She sucked in a sharp breath and tore her eyes from me.
"You are dismissed," she said to the crowd. "Do not start on anything unless I have given you permission." She glared at the guard before turning that glare on me as the crowd dispersed. I didn't bother getting out of my seat. That glare alone clearly said, "Stay put, or else." The auditorium finally was cleared of all except for me, Shae, and the nervous guard, still kneeling before her. His eyes flickered to me, but he remained silent. "Get up," Shae spat at the guard a moment later. "My office," she hissed to us both. I got to my feet and walked to the door leading to the hall and pushed it open.
I did not look back at Shae or the guard as I walked down the dim hall. I inwardly grimaced as my shoes stuck to the floor every time I took a step. The walls on either side of me had stains of something I didn't even want to ponder on. There were holes and cracks here and there. I could feel the wind coming through the cracks, and I wondered how the building was still standing, because I could see the support beams that were about to fall on our heads at any second. We finally went through a doorway, the door itself just barely hanging on its hinges. Here, the floor was carpeted. The once probably nice-looking gray carpet now had yellow and brown stains everywhere, and black and green shit growing along the wall. Overhead, loose light bulbs shed no light, and if so, they flickered feebly for a few seconds before going out completely. I inwardly shuddered in disgust. If I were a human, who knows what disease I'd be catching just by breathing in stale air. Walking to the end of the darkened hall, Shae kicked open the flimsy door to what used to be the manager's office. She stalked to the washed-out desk and pulled out her phone. Behind me, the guard nudged me, and I stepped through the door. He hung back by the door while I went to stand in front of Shae. "Does Zach know that it was you who suggested I use witches in this plan?" Shae asked me sweetly.
"I did," a male voice said from the doorway. The guard let out a startled hiss before stepping aside to let my mate through.
"Ah," Shae said with a pained smile. "Zach, you're here. Thank you for joining us." She quickly texted someone before dropping her phone onto the desktop. Putting his arm around my waist, Zach pulled me to his side.
"What has she done?" Zach asked, scowling at her.
"You were there, were you not?"
"I wasn't, but why is she here?"
Shae's eyes once again blazed with rage. "Adaira failed," she snarled. "And it was Aisley's idea that I side with the magic users," she hissed.
"Then blame the witch."
She laughed, cruelly. "Oh, but there's a problem. The VC has her," she spat. "And I'm not stupid enough to just walk in there and ask to see her." She looked thoughtful, and I shifted nervously.
Zach shrugged. "Come up with a plan to retrieve her?"
Shae sighed. "No need."
He frowned. "Why is that?" There was a whistling sound, and I let out a cry of surprise as Zach stiffened and fell against me. I turned and caught him, and then I froze as I saw blood pouring from the back of his neck and down the back of his shirt. The guard had a shocked look on his face as Zach let out a gasp. The doorway was suddenly filled with a dozen shifters, and my vision darkened with rage, but before I could do anything, I felt a stinging pain in my neck. Turning my head, I saw Shae dropping an empty syringe on the desk.
"What have you done?" I gasped.
"Hold her," Shae said to someone I couldn't see. Someone grabbed me from behind, and I fought sluggishly against it, but it was no use as they took Zach from me and slammed me into the wall of the office. "Aisley Brunsdale, you are a disgrace to the pride."
"I didn't do anything!" I gasped as the drug slowly took effect. Zach groaned. That groan turned into a pained scream as the poison I could now detect slowly killed him.
"You didn't?" Shae asked. "You suggested I side with the witches. And look where that got me."
I glared at her. "You wouldn't live this long if it wasn't for me," I wheezed. Her hand shifted into claws, and I cried out as she slashed open my stomach. The shifter behind me dropped me, and I hit the disgusting carpeted floor. Dust bunnies rose up around me, and I held back a sneeze. It was either that or sneeze my insides out. Zach roared, and only the burning poison of silver kept him from shifting. "The failure of the witches is something you can fix," I hissed in pain.
"Now why would I take your advice?" she spat. "After what happened today, I think not."
"Why are you hurting him?" I asked. "If you're blaming me then you should deal with me. He has nothing to do with all of this." Feeling like I was suffocating, I tried to sit up, only to have the room spin on me.
"I'm going to use him as an example," Shae purred, and my heart stuttered to a stop. Zach screamed and writhed, as blood slowly pooled around him. His dark blue eyes met mine, telling me so much with that just one look. "Liquid silver," Shae said with a sigh. "It's so potent that it leaves its victim paralyzed with pain." She shrugged and closed in on Zach. "Aisley Brunsdale, you are a disgrace to the pride," she said again. "Therefore, I shall make an example of your mate."
"No!" I shrieked, just now realizing another struggle was taking place. Scanning the office, I saw the first guard struggling with six more guards. Seeing this, Shae let ripped a snarl, and I watched helplessly, as Shae slashed my mate's throat wide open. She continued the slashing, until his head was barely intact with his shoulders. Suddenly numb all over, I just stared, unable to believe, not wanting to believe that two and a half centuries of my life with him was suddenly over in the blink of an eye. I couldn't even defend his life with my own. I didn't hear the rest of what Shae had to say. My ears were ringing as cold slowly crept over me. The edges of my vision darkened, and this time, I didn't fight the drug, as it pulled me into oblivion.
I came to, with a scream that tore painfully from my throat. Blinded with sudden grief and rage, I lashed out? or tried to. "Aisley," a female voice said as I continued to scream and struggle. "Aisley," the voice repeated. "It's okay, Aisley. It's okay. Please shift back, please?" I let out a yowl, before curling into a ball. Kidian released me, as I mewed pitifully. "Aisley," the female shifter said sadly, rubbing my furry back. "I'm so, so sorry." Her hand went to my ear, and she gently scratched it. "I know this is a really bad time, but I need you to shift back. My mate and I snuck you away from Shae, and we need to talk." I bristled and clawed at her. I never, ever wanted to hear that bitch's name again. Kidian let out a cursed as she clamped a hand over the bleeding wound in her arm. I got up on all fours, breathing deeply as the hot flash of sensation coursed throughout my entire body. With one last grief-stricken long scream, I shifted back to human form.
"Damn it!" I exclaimed, as my vision blurred with unshed tears. I squeezed my eyes shut as my throat constricted. "Damn it," I choked out and swallowed hard. I just wanted to be alone and curl into a ball and cry. But Kidian was right, this wasn't the time. Opening my eyes, I moved into a sitting position and took the shirt from the female shifter and pulled it over my head. "I'm sorry, Kidian," I said miserably. "I didn't mean to hurt you."
"It's okay, I'll heal," Kidian said as I looked around what looked like a small cabin. It was just a one big space with a fire place at one corner, some boxes at another, and a table in the center.
"What happened after I? passed out?"
Kidian took in a deep breath and let it out sharply. "The bitch ordered you to your room, or what would be considered as one had you gone. My mate picked you up and well, acted like he was taking you to that so-called room when he actually brought you to me." She sighed. "Of course, the bitch no longer trusts him, so she sent another guard to go with him while she." She made air quotes with her fingers. "Take care of business." She growled. "Halfway to the so call destination, he snapped the guard's neck before continuing on his way. Once he brought you to me, he returned to the bitch, and he's still there now." She scowled. "He should be back in about ten minutes."
"What did she do with Zach's body?" I asked, barely getting the question out.
Kidian stilled. "I don't know," she said quietly. "I am sorry."
I bit back the surge of rage and nodded. "How long was I out?"
"About an hour and forty-five minutes."
"And where are we?"
"San Diego. It's the one place the bitch can't set foot in, not unless she's ready to act on her plan." I nodded. Any shifters could come and go, but if Shae had stepped foot onto San Diego's soil, the heart of the Vampiric Council, she would've been dead on sight. Not even she was stupid enough to risk her own life, even with the mere thought of a brief truce in her wake.
"I want to speak to the VC," I suddenly said, and Kidian gaped at me. Hell, I didn't even blame her for doing it. I would've gaped at myself too, if I was in her position.
"You have gone mental," she said simply. "Daft? insane? delusional!" she spluttered. "Where has your brain gone? Did you leave it behind?"
"Kidian," I said, putting up a hand. "I'm now an outcast. I know it. You know it. Fuck, the whole pride probably knows about it by now if bitch of the fucking century had anything to do with it." I growled and swallowed the urge to shift as my skin prickled. "She killed my mate, and she is going to fucking pay, even if I have to face the one group of vampires that parents tell their children as bedtime stories to scare them."
"You have gone daft," Kidian muttered. "Completely fucked in the head is what you are."
I gave her a pained smile. "So, are you in? If not, I can go to them alone."
She glared at me. "Oh, I think not," she growled. "If you're going, then I'm coming too."
"How about we all go?" Cadan asked from the doorway.
Kidian threw her hands into the air. "You know what? You both are out of your ever-loving fucking minds!" she exclaimed. She glared at Cadan. "And you," she said as he closed the door behind him. "That redheaded chick nearly killed you, and she works for the Council. Have you forgotten what she said to you?"
"I didn't forget," Cadan said, sighing. "But I am not letting you and Aisley go alone."
"And she was about to raped me!" Kidian spluttered. I arched an eyebrow at her. "Well, mind rape," she reiterated.
"But she didn't," Cadan said, exasperated.
"She would have," she grumbled.
He shook his head and muttered something under his breath. "I'm coming along, and the only way to stop me is to lock me up." He glanced out the small window. "If we are going, then we must leave now."
Kidian let out a long sigh. "Mental," she muttered, but nodded and tossed me a pair of jeans she grabbed from the table. "Get dressed." I picked up the jeans and got to my feet. Keeping back another wave of unshed tears, I quickly got dressed and turned to Cadan.
"What did she do to his body?" I asked, not wanting to know the answer, but needing to know all the same. Kidian pulled me into her arms, patting my back in a soothing manner.
"She?" Cadan hesitated. "Had one of the guards take the body somewhere and ordered the body to be burned," he said quietly.
"That fucking bitch!" I hissed and stiffened. There was a proper way to burn the dead, and Shae's way of doing it, definitely wasn't. A pyre was to be built, and friends and family were to gather around the pyre and morn as a group until dawn. Kidian's arms tightened around me as I began to tremble, struggling to keep myself from shifting. Cadan came over and put a hand on my shoulder, squeezing lightly. "We will get her," he said firmly. "But first, we have a suicidal mission to go on."
"I can't believe we're doing this," Kidian said, and I shrugged, pulling away from her and heading for the door. "Mental," she said once again, as we stepped out into the evening breeze.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-six

Half an hour later, which felt like an eternity to me, we found ourselves standing before the steps leading down to our possible death. Pausing, I hesitated, staring at the empty parking lot behind me. Putting my hand on the smooth, cool railing, I took a deep breath, and went down the twenty steps that seemed to stretch on for miles. Quickly looking left, right, up, down, and behind me, I cautiously approached the dark building with doors that I couldn't see through. There were no windows to have a peek inside, and I hoped we weren't going to walk in on a feeding or something like that. Glancing up at the white logo of a blue smiling teddy bear with long fangs holding a heart, I blinked stupidly at it. "That cannot be the logo," Kidian whispered. "Are we even at the right place?" There was the slightest stir to the air, and if I were a human and not a shifter, I wouldn't have caught it. I slowly turned, and came face-to-face with a freaking vampire. If he wasn't a vampire, then he was the palest human in existence. His aura was cloaked to us, so I had no estimation of how old he was. If he was a very powerful one, he would have sent my ass flying back up the twenty steps to the parking lot just by casually walking up to us. He glanced at the logo, and reaching over my head, he ripped it off to reveal the real logo, which was a hand holding a bloody heart. He casually folded the picture and put it in his pocket.
"You're in the right place," he said conversationally. "Are you looking for anyone in particular?"
"Yeah," Kidian muttered. "Nice haircut. Were you in the military?" I held back a groan and elbowed her hard. She grunted and glared at me. "What?" she asked defensively. "I was just asking." The vampire looked at her, and because of the sunglasses he was wearing, I couldn't see his eyes.
"I was," he said.
"What branch?"
"Kidian," Cadan hissed. "Could you shut up?"
"Oh no, it's fine," the vampire said and smirked. "I find your mate quite? amusing." He raised a hand as the air crackled around us as a growl ripped from Cadan. "Careful, shifter," he said softly, and then he was suddenly in Cadan's personal space. My heart pounded wildly, and I gulped. The vampire removed his sunglasses and shoved them in his pocket, his white eyes narrowing. Oh? fuck, this wasn't going to end well. "If it weren't for your mate and friend," he growled low in his throat. That growl turned into a snarl before he leaned in closer and whispered something in Cadan's ear even my shifter senses couldn't pick up on. Cadan went still as the vampire straightened. Shaking his head, he reached past me and pulled open the door. "Please, come in," he said and cleared his throat. "Let's hope you don't come face-to-face with my mate again, hmm?" he said to Cadan. "Because I won't stop her if she goes for your throat." Then he looked at Kidian. "What would you do, if one of your children went missing?" he asked her quietly. Kidian paled.
"I?" she said, glancing at Cadan.
"Over six hundred years," he said, probably an answer to an unspoken question she didn't ask out loud.
Kidian swallowed hard. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I didn't know?" Tears once again blurred my vision, my throat closing. Oh, god, if I broke down now, it was going to be a nightmare.
"Come," he said, the growl completely gone from his voice. "Bring your friend and mate," he continued and stepped into the building, the door still held opened. "I am the vampire you are seeking, Aisley Brunsdale of the Brunsdale Pride." He scowled and then let out a long sigh. "I am Tristan Tronis, welcome to my territory." Damn fucking mind reading, I silently muttered. And yep, a fucking powerful vampire indeed, I thought as a chill ran down my spine.
"I hate formal introductions," Kidian muttered as she practically shoved me and Cadan into the building.
"The feeling is mutual," Tristan said dryly. He pulled out the folded picture and led us through a door, stopping beside a young blonde vampire who had her hand in a bag of chocolate crunch. She turned to us and eyed him cautiously.
"Sire," she said cheerfully. "What can I do for you?"
"What you can do for me," he growled. "Is get your head examined this minute."
"Whatever for?" He slapped the picture on the counter and glared at her. The fledgling glanced at it, and then laughed. Without another word to her, he led us up a flight of stairs, growling under his breath all the while. It was something about hating this generation or something of that nature as he led us up more stairs. For once, Kidian kept her mouth shut as he led us down the fourth floor hallway.
Stopping before a door, he inclined his head and sighed. "Jordana," he said to the closed door. When no answer came, he glanced back at us. "If I were you, I'd stay clear of the door." Cadan pulled Kidian and me to the side, out of the line of fire, as Tristan pushed open the door. The moment he did, he leaned back and caught the knife that shot straight for him. Cadan's hand on my upper arm tightened as more object came flying through the opening. There was a yelp, before a choked female laugh sounded from inside. His hands full of pens, pencils, paper clips, and three knives, Tristan stepped into the office, nodding to us.
"Wow," Jordana said with a sigh. "Your aura is so? dark, almost black. Do I need to be afraid?" As we appeared in the doorway, the tall blonde female vampire slowly turned and automatically pressed her fingers into her eyes. After a minute, she dropped her hands and looked curiously at us.
"Come in," said Tristan. "And close the door." He glanced to Jordana before dropping everything into a drawer and slamming it shut. Inwardly taking a deep breath, I stepped into the office, the door closing behind me with a soft click. Jordana sighed, and? was she pouting at us? "In here," Tristan said, going through another door and taking a reluctant Jordana with him. We followed them into what looked like a conference room, if the table in the middle of the room was anything to go by. "Have a seat," he said to us and then glared at the vampire who was still staring at us. "Sit," he said more firmly to her. "Now." She sighed and pulled out a chair and sat, her eyes never leaving us. Then she smiled, causing the cat within me to stir.
"They don't know," Jordana breathed. Cadan, Kidian, and I glanced at each other questioningly. Frowning, I glanced back and forth between the two of them.
"Don't know? what?" I asked slowly.
Tristan took in a deep breath through his nose. "How much I want to kill you all and be done with it," he said tightly. Then he bared his fangs, his? two sets of fangs. What the hell? I thought as my skin prickled even more. Those creepy eyes narrowed on Cadan, and I could feel that shit was about to hit the fan. "I'll say this now," Tristan hissed. "And I'll only say it once." His eyes flickered to Kidian before focusing on Cadan. "If I were you, Kidian. I keep a restraining hand on your mate," he growled. "Make a subtle move toward me or mine. I will, forget why I'm holding myself back to start with. Do we understand each other?"
Kidian rested a hand on Cadan's arm and squeezed lightly. "Understood," she said softly.
"Good," he said as Jordana licked her lower lip and pouted. "Now please. Sit."

KIRA

Oh, I said silently to myself, pressing my fingers into my temples and letting out a long sigh. Why, oh why were the shifters here? If I hadn't felt and smelled the overwhelming grief smacking me in the face from the tall black-haired female with pale skin and green eyes, there would've been bloodshed, and I wouldn't have warned Tristan that was for damn sure. Grumbling, I reached into the bag of crunchers and stuffed a handful into my mouth. Stupid damn cats, I silently muttered as I chewed and swallowed the chocolate goodness. "Seriously, Conoleki, if you were still human, you'd be gaining five hundred pounds every hour," Corinne said dryly.
"Thanks," I muttered and turned to the redheaded vampire standing behind me.
"Did someone else we like die?" she asked, holding her breath.
"No," I said reassuringly.
"Oh, good," she said with a sigh of relief. Frowning, Corinne tilted her head back slightly and sniffed the air. "Why do I smell shifters?" she asked suspiciously. "And it's not Tavia, Amanda, or Carlie." I shrugged and stuffed another handful of crunchers into my mouth. "Kira," Corinne said, exasperated. "Could you stop thinking about chocolate for one minute?"
"I'm not thinking about chocolate," I said, swallowing. "I'm thinking about blood? and chocolate."
She groaned. "You're hopeless," she muttered and glanced up at the light that was currently off. The whole building was completely dark, not that the shifters noticed it when they walked in earlier. "You know where Tristan or Ari is?"
"Tristan is in his office, and I have no idea where Ari is. Why, what's up?"
She sighed. "Skyler blew out another window."
I blinked. "Come again?"
"Yeah," she said dryly. "She busted a window in the living room."
"Where is she at the moment?"
"Oh, she's right outside."
"The fuck she doing out there?" Corinne glanced past me as she felt the cool breeze blowing in as Skyler entered. I turned to face the counter and leant my weight on it. On the other side of the bulletproof glass, Skyler did the same.
"I was making sure that we weren't being invaded," Skyler said with a sigh. Then she saw the picture that I begged Jordana-with much of me repeating myself and keeping her focus-to make for me. "What the hell is that?"
"Don't you like it?" I asked cheerfully. "It's our new logo."
She gave me an incredulous look. "No," she said slowly and straightened, swiping the picture and taking a closer look at it. "I have to say. Whoever drew this bear is a hell of an artist."
"Jordana drew the picture for me."
"Really?" I nodded as she carefully folded the picture and slipped it under the glass.
"I wonder what happened to her," Corinne said softly from beside me. "I mean?" She took in a deep breath. "Something must have happened to her, something? bad."
"Yeah," I said and glared at the countertop like it would suddenly and magically turn into a TV and replay Jordana's past to me.
"Hell, I'm afraid to ask her," said Corinne.
I snorted. "Who wouldn't be?"
Skyler shook her head. "I'm not asking her, I like my brain right where it is," she said and glanced at the elevator. "So, who's here? And do we need to be up there to stop Tristan from eating our supposed guests?"
"If Jordana starts shrieking on top of her lungs, you can teleport us up, Cor," I said and held back a smile as Skyler glared at me. Corinne nudged me, and I scowled at her. "What?" I huffed, dropping the empty bag of crunchers into the trash.
"You can leave if you like, I'll take over."
I frowned. "Are you sure?"
She nodded. "And if I see you with another bag of chocolate or any type of candy for that matter, I'm going to have a word with our sire. I'm sure he'll have something to say," she warned as I glared at her. She smirked, and then we all froze as the shifters, Tristan, and Jordana walked through the door that led up to the second floor. Damn, how long had the meeting lasted, and for once, there was no bloodshed? I sure as hell didn't hear any bloodcurdling screams going on. Skyler stood as still as a statue as the shifters past, Jordana eyeing them curiously, and Tristan eyeing them as if deciding to have them for a late night dinner or not. They stopped before the double doors leading outside, and the air suddenly became very? hard to breathe. All three shifters stiffened, but didn't make a move as Tristan stopped an arm's reach from them. One of the shifters, Aisley, put up a hand and looked around.

"We know the rules," she said softly. "Touch any of your vampires, and we'll have to answer to the Council." Taking in a deep breath, she met Tristan's gaze. Don't roll her, I silently muttered. Don't roll her. "I give you my word that no harm from me shall come to you or your vampires." She forced herself to break eye contact to glare at her two companions. Her two friends reluctantly gave their word, and they were finally out the door. Still, the oppressive air didn't let up.
Feeling like I was walking through a field of static, I pushed the left door open and stopped beside Skyler. Looking at Jordana, I realized the insane vampire was scarily more focused and alert than usual. This was either a good thing? or a bad thing. Tristan blinked, shaking his head, grunting as a pained look crossed his face. "Are you going to have another nosebleed?" Jordana asked as her eyes went unfocused.
"No," Tristan said, groaning. Cursing, he vanished into thin air.
Jordana blinked and looked at us, frowning. "Where did he go?"
I shrugged. "No idea. Now, what's this about a nosebleed?"

TRISTAN

No nosebleeds yet, but my head at the moment, felt like it had been ran over by a couple of five-hundred-ton freight trains. On top of that, it felt like someone was continuously bashing my head with a sledgehammer. My vision blurred and dimmed to pinpricks, before returning to normal and repeating itself. It was a wonder I didn't pass out on the spot. As another wave of agonizing pain shot through my skull, I staggered, groaning as nausea chose that moment to give me a good punch to the gut as I caught myself by holding onto the stair railing beside me. Swallowing hard and hoping I wasn't going to throw up, I released my grip on the railing and walked into the kitchen of my residential home. Opening the refrigerator and silently cursing at the additional pain from the light, I grabbed a blood bag just as Evelyn appeared behind me. She sighed and mentally shut the fridge. She snatched the blood out of my hand and strong-armed me to a chair. Pushing me into it, she glared at me. I was in too much pain to even growl at her. I couldn't even string a sentence together. "Don't even think about getting up," she said, walking over to the microwave to warm up the blood. I let out another groan as the damn thing beeped a few seconds later. My vision, already red, grew redder at the scent of hot blood. My stomach clenched painfully, as Evelyn stopped before me. "You didn't think I'd miss the brief flare of pain before you blocked it, did you?" she asked, pressing the hot plastic bag to my mouth. Squeezing my eyes shut, I held back a scream as another stab of pain hit me. Evelyn sucked in a sharp breath and set the blood bag on the table beside me. Baring my fangs, I let out a hiss, and then growled something unintelligible as I caught the scent of Ari. She said something, but I couldn't tell over the loud roar in my head whether she was talking to me or Evelyn. When the pain receded somewhat, I had my fangs buried in Evelyn's neck. Fuck, I had no idea if I attacked her, or if she forced me to her throat. In any case, I growled and tore into her neck and gulped down the hot fizzing blood. All the while, she blistered my ears in several languages. One of which included her threatening the removal of my testicles. Luckily the threat was in a language as old as time itself, or else Ari would have punched the living shit out of her, family or not. And given the mate bonding, she could do a lot of damage. Snarling, I finally pushed myself off of Evelyn and snatched the bag of blood off the table, ripping into it as Ari quickly closed Evelyn's wounds. With a hiss, she ripped open her wrist and pressed it to Evelyn's mouth. Tossing the empty blood bag into the sink, I let out a breath, damn glad that the pain was now down to a dull pounding. Oh, Adaira, I thought with a sigh. You fucking bitch. How I love, to just kill you outright.
"Tristan?" I blinked, and then stared questioningly at Ari standing in front of me. "How do you feel?"
"I feel great," I drawled.
She sighed and pulled me into an embrace. "I'm serious."
Nuzzling her neck, I sighed. "I am fine, sweetheart," I said reassuringly.
"Did you break the window in the living room?"
I pulled back a little and scowled at her. "Are you going to blame everything on me?"
She arched an eyebrow at me and smirked. "Did you?"
"No," I said, annoyed.
"If it wasn't you, who was it?" she asked, holding back a laugh.
"You really love to irritate me, don't you?" I growled. She chuckled and kissed me, her tongue slipping easily into my mouth and clashing with my own. Ah? fuck, I thought as all the blood in my head rushed south. Ari broke the kiss and inclined her head.
"You still didn't answer my question," she sang under her breath.
Clearing my throat, I glared at her. "That lovely child of yours."
"This is sweet and all," Evelyn said loudly, interrupting the moment. "But could you two get a room? Preferably a soundproof one?"
"Good idea," Ari said, and before I could comment on that thought, she teleported, taking me with her.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-seven

BRYNNA

Adaira's muffled screams were music to my ears. The witch, strapped down to a table in my basement no less, writhed and screamed as blood continued to pour from the wounds I've caused in her ear canals and such. Sighing, I stepped up to the table and hit a button to raise the upper portion of the table slightly. She moaned, unable to move her head, unless she wanted her skull crushed. Carefully removing the head crusher device, I walked over to another table and set it down, picking up another one. Seeing what I was holding, Adaira let out an ear-splitting scream. This time, it was in full volume. Walking back to her I set the device on the floor and straightened, ripping into my wrist and forcing my blood down her throat. The witch strained and bucked against the shackles, but got nowhere as she continued to choke on the blood. "There there," I said sweetly, removing my wrist and licking close the wound. Watching her wounds healing, I smiled. Breathing raggedly, she gave me a look of pure hatred. It didn't have much of an effect, not when stained with blood, sweat, and tears. I picked up the gagging device and raised the table until she was in a sitting position. "How's that leg of yours?" I asked and looked at the hilt of the lithium blade protruding from her right leg. I let out another sigh as she continued to moan. "That's great, good to hear your leg is doing fine," I said sarcastically and palmed her forehead. "Now, be a good witch and open wide." At this, the witch clamped her mouth shut. I arched an eyebrow in amusement. "You do realize that won't help?" Unsheathing one of my many blades, I gently prodded her mouth with it. "Open? Or I open for you."
"You bitch," Adaira gritted out and then gasped as I slipped the blade in. Her mouth involuntarily opened wider as I turned the blade. No longer sideways, it would've split her tongue into two.
"Now was that so hard?" I asked and removed my blade and re-sheathed it. Faster than she could track, I had the torture device I was holding into her mouth. She gasped as two metal plates pressed into her tongue and the top of her mouth. "I've modified this somewhat," I said conversationally and flicked the string attached to the middle of the device into her mouth. At the end of that string was a spiked ball, and she gagged as it went to the back of her throat, tears running down her cheeks and into her blood-matted hair. Walking behind her, I readjusted the device so that the two prongs pointed at her eyes. Quickly attaching the other end to the table, I lowered her slightly. Whimpers filled my ears, and the smell of fear filled my nose as the witch tried not to make a sound or swallow. The parts of the device around her ears, I tightened them a little, and she let out a long moan. "Whenever you want to spill your dirty little secrets? just let me know," I said and tug at the cord that controlled the prongs, moving them an inch from her eyes. "Don't struggle, because if you do, you might find yourself missing a few organs and appendages." I looked her up and down and frowned thoughtfully. Nodding to myself, I stepped from the room and closed the door, flashing myself from the basement.
"I was beginning to think you'd never leave that chamber of yours," Elijah said dryly from the second floor as I moved down the hall and into the bathroom.
"Is Tristan here?" I called to him.
"He'll be along soon enough," he said as I washed the blood from my hands. Grumbling, I wiped them dry and headed for the stairs leading up.
"You didn't happen to kill my houseguests, did you?" I asked, stopping before my sire. He was blocking my way into the small library, where Vaelin was currently and still going through my collection.
"Which houseguest might you be referring to?" he asked and stepped aside. I stepped into the dimmed room and over to Vaelin who turned as I stopped before her.
"Satisfy your curiosity?" I asked her dryly.
She shrugged, setting an ancient tome carefully back on the shelf. "I can't picture you having a library," she said, a paperback novel in her other hand.
I waved my hand around the room. "Noticed how small it is compared to say, your own? Yours is the size of a fucking palace for god sake."
"Not as huge as the Council's library," she said and glared at Elijah.
"Am I missing something?" he asked and turned as we heard a pained yelp from somewhere downstairs. Curses followed soon after, and I smirked as Corinne appeared in the doorway.
"If you're here," I said to her. "Then your sire is here too."
"Ya think? He was the one responsible for teleporting me into the wall." She didn't need to confirm that Tristan was here. The supersonic charge he'd been giving off these past days just makes you want to crawl into a hole and disappear for a little while. Vaelin hugged herself tight as the feeling of being wrapped in livewire grew stronger.
"Elijah," Tristan said conversationally, stopping behind Corinne.
"Tristan," Elijah said dryly.
Tristan looked to Vaelin, and smirked. "Vaelin, been a while."
Vaelin's eyes narrowed on him. "Get out of my head."
"I'm not in your head. You're just? loudly projecting your thoughts."
She looked toward Elijah and gave him a questioning look. "Am I really?" He nodded. "Ugh," she muttered and pushed pass Corinne and Tristan.
"Did you interrupt her reading, dearest Bryn?" Tristan drawled.
"No," I said. "Elijah did."
"Hey," Vaelin called from downstairs. "There's an insane vampire standing outside your door, Brynna."
I winced and stepped from the library and for the stairs, the rest following behind. "Let her in," I said, picking up my set of knives off the living room table.
"Where are you taking that?" Jordana asked me from the living room archway.
"Out of your reach," I muttered.
She pouted. "Why?"
"It can be very dangerous when in the hands of someone like you."
"I can say the same for you," she grumbled and walked over to one of the couches and sat with a huff.
"So, what brings you over?"
"I want to play with the witch."
"Okay," I said hesitantly.
"I won't kill her," she said excitedly. "Or eat her. I promise." Before I could approve or not, she jumped from the couch and flashed to the basement door. And before I could stop her, she yanked open the door and disappeared down the steps. Tristan sucked in a sharp breath. Watching him out the corner of my eye, I saw the red vanished from his eyes, leaving them solid white. Silently cursing Jordana, I let loose one of my blades, straight for him. The instinct to feed and the instinct to protect himself now activated, Tristan ducked and caught the blade before it struck the side of his neck. Elijah groaned and mentally slammed the door shut and disappeared into the kitchen. I threw another knife at Tristan, and he dodged, the blade sinking into the wall behind him. Growling and tossing the knife onto the table, he lunged for me.
"Sire, help me?" I asked and jumped out of Tristan's reach.
"You can take him on your own," Elijah said and disappeared. Hey! I shouted into his mind as I continued to dodge. I'm in mortal danger here! Elijah sighed. If you were, I would know it, he silently growled into my mind.
"Did you really have to do that?" Vaelin asked from the kitchen.
"Yes," I said and let out a small scream as cold hand closed around my wrist and squeezed. Cutting off circulation to my hand, I was forced to drop the third blade I was holding. It hit the carpeted floor with a soft thump. A muffled scream from the basement suddenly reached us, and I winced while Tristan let out another growl.
"Sounds like Jordana is having fun with her plaything," Vaelin said dryly. "And where the fuck are your stashes of blood?"
"Ran out a week ago," I said and mentally switched on the light. Cursing, Tristan released me, and I watched as his skin reddened. Eyes watering, he stepped from the glare of the light. Glancing at the window, I flipped off the light and mentally raised the shades, allowing daylight to pour into the living room. Tristan glared at me before letting out a scream of pain.
"Oh my god!" Vaelin shouted from the archway. "You're such a bitch!" Brynnalae! My sire snarled in my head. Cover up the windows! Now! I grunted and slowly lowered the shades. But he won't burst into flames. A growl of warning rippled through my mind, and I shuddered. A burst of power sent my ass to the floor, and the living room was suddenly plunged into darkness. "And? that is my queue to leave," Vaelin said and waving to me, she headed for the front door. Moving was impossible as I was held effortlessly against my living room floor. Tristan let out a long, long groan, and then he was on me.
"I wonder," he said, still gasping in pain. "If you would like to take my place for a day or two?"
"No," I said quickly. "Nononononono." Finding that I could move again, my hands shot up and impacted with his chest. Another long scream came from downstairs, and I stiffened as Tristan's eyes went unfocused. Adaira's screams were calling to his beast. Hell, it was calling to mine, but at the moment, the witch needed to be alive for a little longer. Mentally preparing myself for the pain that was to come, I took in a deep breath and said, "Bite me," and slowly dropped my hands from him. Before he could though, Evelyn appeared behind him and locked her arm around his neck and pulled him off of me. Corinne, who I forgot was here, let out a scream as Tristan went into attack mode. She flashed up the stairs and peered over the railing that looked down into the living room. I got up off the floor just as cold hand grabbed the back of my neck and yanked me against a hard body.
"You idiot child," Elijah snarled in my ear and teleported me to Corinne's side. I grabbed the railing before I could fall on my ass. A sigh came from behind me, and I turned to find Taylor, an exasperated look on her face.
"I swear, what are we going to do with you, hunter," she said as I heard glass shattering.
"Me?" I said defensively. "What the fuck did I do this time? Blame Jordana, she's the one that's torturing the witch in my basement." She smirked and vaulted over the railing to join in the destruction of my living room. A flash of something caught my eye, and when I saw what was in Casiar's hand, I let out a scream. Corinne turned to me, looking utterly confused just as Casiar stabbed Tristan in the side.
"What the fuck?" I choked out as Tristan fell. I grabbed Corinne and yanked her to me as she let out a scream. Evelyn, Taylor, Elijah, and Allia all took a shocked step back and stared fixatedly at the dark blue blade in Tristan's side. The blade was so dark that it might as well be black, and not midnight blue. Tristan let out a long, long pained groan, shuddering as blood continued to pour from the wound. His eyes met Casiar's unblinking ones, and the necromancer grunted.
"I know exactly what I've done," the necromancer said quietly, before everything went dark.
When it lifted, we were somewhere deep beneath the earth. I found myself holding empty air, and I blinked. Tristan let out another long groan, still shuddering. "Do not worry. I've blocked you from us, your mate, and children." Casiar looked around at all of us and sighed. "He was about to kill us all. I know it. You know it." Allia let out a deafening shriek and lunged for him. Evelyn wasn't far behind. They both slammed into the necromancer, fangs bared. Casiar let out a pained hissed, and I took several steps back.
"Don't you dare use magic on me," Evelyn growled. Holy fuck, she sounded more like a demon as she choked the living shit out of him. This was no longer the Evelyn who tries to keep everything calm; this was Evelyn at her worst. "What. Were. You. Thinking?" she snarled. There was a sudden burst of energy and had I not already been standing against something, I would've fallen, as Casiar let out a pained groan. She bashed his head against the stone wall, before Allia snapped his neck and sent him flying to crash against the opposite wall. They let out a low growl, trembling from the suppressed rage, just waiting to be unleashed. "Don't. Touch me," Evelyn hissed at Elijah who took a step toward her.
"Sister, what did you do?"
She spun on him, and I cringed. "What did I do?" she snarled. "What did I do? I've done nothing!" Elijah grunted as she impacted with him. She let out a scream as he held her fast.
"Eve," he said gently. "He's not going to die. We would know it." I saw a flash of silver as Allia plunged the deadly blade into my sire. I cried out as a flare of pain briefly took me over before he blocked it from me. She yanked it out and pointed it at me. I raised both hands, shaking my head as I gasped for air.
"Evelyn, don't!" Taylor yelled as Evelyn reached for Elijah. "We're going to need him." Taylor grabbed my sire, who was cursing and groaning. She ripped into her wrist, pressing it to his mouth. Allia flashed to Tristan and dropping down beside him, she gripped the hilt of the blade.
"Tristan," she said softly. "Can you hear me?" In response, His hand slowly found hers and weakly pushed at it.
"Don't," he said in the barest of a whisper. "Sister."
"Please, let me help you." Letting out another long groan, he again pushed at her hand.
"You must leave me."
"I will not leave you!" she exclaimed.
"You must, sister. Look at me."
"I-"
"Allia," he said, cutting her off. "Look at me." Reluctantly, Allia's eyes met his. Her eyes went unfocused, and my stomach churned. "Leave the blade right where it is. Take Casiar and everyone else, and leave me."
"But."
"Please, sister."
"Yes, I'll do as you wish," she said and slowly released her grip on the blade. Tristan released her, and with a moan, Allia got to her feet.
"Why must you be like this?" she asked.
"I do not wish to kill any of you, sister of mine. Now please, leave me be." She hesitated, before everything once again, went dark.
Standing in the middle of my semi-demolished living room, I looked around and frowned. Someone was cleaning up here all right. "Jordana?" I called out and walked to the basement door.
"She's still down there," Vaelin said from behind me.
I turned and scowled at her. "I thought you'd left."
"You think I'd miss all the fun? If so, you're even more insane than Jordana. Besides, I couldn't leave her alone." She righted the small table beside the door and sat on it, idly flipping through the pages in her book. "So, what happened? One minute it was ear-splitting loud, and the next, it was eerily silent."
"Casiar stabbed Tristan with this awesome blade," I said dryly. "You know, the midnight blue one?"
Vaelin gasped. "You're shitting me."
"Trust me," I said dryly. "I'm not." I gestured around the living room. "Your doing?" She nodded. "Thanks," I said grudgingly.
"No problem," she said, grimacing. "And we all didn't combust into flames?"
I winced. "Fortunately, no, unfortunately, Ari's going to behead Casiar when she finds out."
Vaelin let out a whistle, shaking her head. "Damn," she said under her breath.
I smirked and open the basement door. "You coming?" I asked, flashing down the steps. In answer, the door slammed shut behind me. Guess that answered my question, I silently muttered to myself.
"Bryn!" Jordana exclaimed as I pushed open the door to my torture chamber, so to speak.
"Dana," I drawled. "How's our little witch doing?" Jordana's eyes glinted with pure excitement, and it looked like she was forcibly holding herself back from bouncing off the wall? literally. I stared at Adaira, and smiled. She no longer had the gagging device in her mouth, but she was unrecognizable under all the bruises, cuts, and blood. If it weren't for my heighten sense of hearing, I would've not picked up her very faint, but still there, heartbeat. She was barely alive, and I fought the urge to finish what Jordana had started. "Nice work," I said and ruffled her blonde hair that was lightly spattered with blood. From her neck and downward, she was drenched in the witch's blood.
"Can I eat her?" she asked breathlessly. "Can I eat her? Can I? Can I? Please, please, please?"
"Not yet."
She pouted and reached for the scalpel-like instrument. "Can I play x-ray with her?" she asked and moved to the witch's side.
I eyed her suspiciously. "What do you mean by x-ray?" I asked slowly.
She made a disgusted face before ripping into her wrist and forcing her blood down the witch's throat. "Wakey, wakey, wakey," she sang as Adaira moaned. Pulling back her wrist and closing the wound, we watched as Adaira slowly healed. The moment she wasn't on death's doorstep, Jordana took the scalpel to Adaira's scalp, and pressed down. The witch let out a bloodcurdling scream, and because of the shackles holding her in place, she could do nothing but scream. Due to her repeated struggles and healing, the shackles dug so far into her skin that it healed over the damn things. Jordana laughed gleefully as Adaira's shriek went on, and on, until unconsciousness took her over.
"Ah," I said slowly. "That kind of x-ray. Got it." After slicing open Adaira's head, Jordana reached a finger inside and poked at it. Setting the instrument down, she straightened and looked at me.
"Such a waste," she said blankly and stuck a finger into her mouth. When she pulled it out, it was cleared of blood. "Really," she muttered. "Such, such a waste of good blood," she grumbled and sighed. "When can I kill her?"
I chuckled. "The moment Davina signs her death warrant, she's all ours. But for now, you can play with her for just a little longer."
"Brilliant," Jordana said cheerfully and turned back to the witch. I smiled, and silently laughed. This? Was going to be? brilliant indeed.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-eight

TRISTAN

So cold, so very? fucking cold, but yet so fucking hot, I thought as I continued to bleed out on the cave floor, the cave I was recently lying in torpor in. Not in a million years I thought I'd be glad that I was a Tronis and not, your ordinary everyday vampire. I let out another scream, as acid did its best to eat me alive. If Casiar had stabbed anyone else that wasn't a Tronis, he or she would've been dead in matter of seconds. Then again, this trip down agony lane wasn't a fun ride either, as I continued to writhe. God did I have the worst fucking luck in vampire history. "You're getting nowhere."
"Evelyn," I gasped. "I said to leave."
"Yes, and I heard you the first time. Dearest brother, did you really think I'd leave you?"
"Eve," I groaned.
"Enough," she said gently, and I let out another groan as she gripped the hilt of the blade. "I have an idea of what will happen when I pull this out." And before I could stop her, not that I could do anything at the moment, she yanked the blade out. Cursing her and the entire god damn universe, my body convulsed, and my world fell away from me as what sounded like an explosion went off.
A new pain took over, and I let out a snarl, curling into myself as I felt the tingles of healing. My ears rang as my powers exploded from me. Groaning, I got on my hands and knees, and in the maelstrom of what felt like a hurricane and tornado combined, I pushed to my feet and looked around. Unseen wind buffeted around me as I mentally reached for Evelyn. I'm all right, she said into my mind. I'm just outside the entrance. That still irritated me, but it was the best I was going to get. According to my internal clock, it was night out, and if I didn't get my powers under control, I was never leaving this cave. As my body slowly and painfully healed itself, and my brain demanding that I get blood or else, I took in a pained breath, and focused. Slow, by slow agonizing second that seemed to stretch on forever, the wind died down as I slowly pulled myself together. I don't know how long I stood there, but the next thing I knew, Evelyn was in front of me, her wrist pressed to my mouth. "Drink," she said softly. "I offer it freely." She didn't have to tell me twice. Grabbing her arm, I let out a snarl and buried my fangs into her wrist and pulled. Another wave of pain coursed throughout my body, and she caught me as I staggered. "Take as much as you need to heal," she said as I groaned. Shit, it felt like fire was burning me from the inside out. Hell, maybe it was. Silently cursing, I drew one last mouthful of her blood and with tremendous effort, pulled away from her. She scowled.
"I will not drain you," I rasped and took another step back from her.
She sighed. "Very well," she said and took a step toward me. "Please, come with me to my home. I have several pints waiting for you." She held her hand out to me just as my nose began to bleed.
"Fuck," I growled and took her cold hand into mine. A second later, everything went dark. When it lifted, I found myself standing in her bathroom. She pulled her hand out of mine and opened the bathroom door. "Strip," she commanded, before closing the door behind her. Letting out a sharp breath, I stripped off my blood-drenched clothes and tossed them into the sink along with my weapons and handcuffs. Still feeling like I was on fire, I stepped into the shower and let out a hiss as the cold water hit me.
A few minutes later, freed of blood, and finding no opened wounds anywhere, I stepped from the shower. Drying off, I teleported to my room. "Did the shower help?" Evelyn asked the moment I appeared. 
"Not really," I muttered and yanked open the closet door. Grabbing a dark blue shirt and black pants, I quickly dressed before turning fully to her. "What's wrong?" I asked as a pained look crossed her face.
"Ari is pounding the living shit out of my metaphorical door."
"You didn't tell her?"
She shook her head. "I'm leaving that to you." She straightened from her position at the window and walked over to me. "I also took her power to teleport, so she definitely knows something's wrong, especially when you didn't answer her for the past two hours." I winced as a blood bag appeared in her hand. I snatched it and ripped into it. Dropping onto the bed, I grimaced as the cold contents went down my throat. "I'm still blocking you from them. Would you like me to continue?" I shook my head as I reached down and open the mini fridge beside the bed. Grabbing another bag, I sank my fangs in and shuddered. "I'll let you finish that one before I release you." She glanced at my fridge. "Or would you like to finish the nine bags in there?" I grunted and grabbed a third and a fourth bag. As I finished off the few last bags of blood, the feeling of being set on fire was now more of a dull pain. I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. I kicked my refrigerator shut and let my head hit the wall with a thump. The bed dipped slightly as Evelyn sat down. She rested a hand on my leg a second before I felt the brief buzz in my blood. Not a second sooner, pain shot through my skull as I was bombarded by a million voices. Stiffening, I gritted my teeth. Enough! I mentally snarled. Enough, I silently said into the sudden silence in my head. Everyone out. Now. One by one, they all left except for Ari and Sven. "I'll go grab some more blood," Evelyn said and got up. Picking up all the empty plastic bags, she headed for the opened door.
"You do that," I said with a sigh. A burst of energy charged the air before Ari and Sven appeared in front of me.
"Sire," Sven said and was at my side a second later.
"What happened?" Ari gasped, and the bed bounced as she jumped onto it. She almost fell off as my hunger hit both her and Sven. I squeezed my eyes shut as they closed in on me. Ari opened her mouth to say something, but snapped it shut when Evelyn walked in. My sister sighed and set a bin of hot blood bags on my lap. I sat up straighter and let my feet hit the floor before digging in. Letting out a groan as the hot blood went down my throat, I opened my eyes and stared at the wall in front of me. Sven and Ari silently watched as I finished off the bin of about ten more blood bags. Evelyn took the bin from me as I fell back with another groan.
"Sire?" Sven asked as Evelyn disappeared. "What happened? Who do I need to kill?"
I chuckled. "So eager to spill blood," I said as he dropped onto the bed. "I am fine," I said to both of them.
"You are not fine," Ari protested. Maybe she was right, but? I didn't want either of them to go after Casiar. I grimaced as my entire body chose that moment to remind me that I had more healing on the inside to do. Ari arched an eyebrow and just stared at me. "You know I will find out eventually," she said and leaned over me. "Here," she muttered and pressed her wrist to my mouth. Without another word, I slowly sank my fangs in deep and pulled. I watched in amusement as she and Sven had a silent conversation with each other. Inwardly groaning, I withdrew my fangs and lazily licked the punctured wounds closed. Ari sat back, scowling as I sat up and went for Sven's throat. He let out a hiss, cursing as I drew the much-needed vampire blood down my throat. I really hoped he'd fed a short while ago, because I was going to take a whole lot from him.
"This only proves our point," he said and winced as I tore into his neck. "You're definitely not fine," he gritted out. If you were fine a second after having your internal organs bathed in acid, kudos to you. I, on the other hand, still felt like shit. A growl ripped from me as Ari put a hand on my shoulder.
"Tristan, stop," she said softly. "You're going to drain him."
"No shit," Sven muttered and shoved me away from him. Landing on my ass and choking, I glared at him as Ari quickly closed the wound. Once my breathing was back to normal, I got up and stared into Sven's eyes.
"You will not kill when feeding," I growled, rolling him. "Is that clear?"
"Yes," he said in a monotone.
"Good," I said and released him. I looked around the room, with its pale blue walls, heavy black curtains to block out daylight, oak dresser on the other side of the bed, and dark wood floor, I teleported to the bathroom to gather my things before teleporting again.
"Astatine?" I snarled and grabbed Casiar by the throat and slammed him none too gently against the filing cabinet in his office. The stink of death magic tickled my nose, and I squeezed, crushing something in his neck before jerking my hands from him. Casiar sucked in a lung full of air and prodded his neck with his fingers.
"Like I've said to Evelyn earlier," he said and grimaced in pain. "You were going to kill us." Straightening, he glared at me. "Do you even remember what you were doing? Let alone thinking?"
I glared at him. "You know we don't remember shit when our beast takes over."
"Yes, exactly. Your little buddy thought it was a great idea to rip Elijah's head off and feast on his insides." I inwardly winced. "Before you could go through with that marvelous idea, I stabbed you."
"With astatine?" I growled.
"If I had stabbed you with my silver blade, do you really think that will stop you?"
"And your magic was ineffective?"
He sighed. "You know very well as I do that it takes time to cast a spell, and a spell to hold you, my insatiable brother, takes more than two seconds to cast. If it will make you feel better, stab me." We glared at each other. "We both know you want to. You always have a way with sharp things."
"You're right," I said, and before he could react, the silver blade was in my hand. His eyes widened, as I stabbed him in the chest. "I believe we are now even," I hissed in his ear as he let out a long-pained gasp. As his eyes closed and taking very careful care not to twist the blade, I slowly, slowly pulled it out. Sheathing my blade and lowering him to the floor, I ripped into my wrist and forced my blood down his throat. Pulling back, I straightened and reached for Jailyn. Before she could ask what was happening, I teleported her to me. "Heal your mate," I said before she could rip into me.
"What did you stab him with?" she screeched and sent me flying. I cursed as I crashed through the door to crash into the wall across the hall.
"Not astatine I assure you," I growled as I got to my feet.
She growled. "Another werepup was found dead. Go find yourself a pack to feed on." She paused, hesitating. "Ulrika is awake."
I stiffened. "What did you say?"
"It wasn't I who awakened her."
"Who was it?"
She again hesitated. "It was your baby sister." I bashed my head into the wall and groaned. She gave me a smirk before ripping into her wrist and putting it to Casiar's mouth. With a heavy sigh, I teleported to the basement of the Council building.
The basement wasn't really a basement. It was more of a wide-open spaced room with nothing before leading into a dark long hallway lined up with holding cells on either side. Past the holding cells were doors that led deep beneath the earth, none of which led outside to freedom. Not that any of the occupants here could do much to escape. The moment I appeared, their hunger hit me like a fist to the gut. I sucked in a deep breath and held it as I walked up and down the aisle. The sixteen vampires sired by Shilen Devoreau all reached for me, and I fought the urge to use their heads as bowling balls. Unlocking one of the cells, I stepped through it and let it slam shut behind me. The female vampire with brown hair and blonde highlights let out a whimper as I bent and reached for her. "Sweetheart, you look quite? hungry. Did you not receive your share of blood today?" She moaned and nuzzled my hand. "Hmm?"
"It's not enough," she hissed. "It's never enough."
"Mmm, you poor, poor thing." She let out another moan and grabbed hold of my arm. Teleporting a small plastic cup into my hand, I pulled away from her and ripped into my wrist, letting my blood fill the cup. The fledgling let out an anguished cry and shook as she fought the overwhelming urge to jump for the cup of blood in my hand. Closing the wound I've made, I held the cup out to her. With a trembling hand, she took it. Tears filled her eyes as she swallowed the blood.
"How much longer will we be in here?" she asked, her voice shaking as I took the cup from her.
"Until we find a mentor for each of you."
"Who is we?" she asked slowly.
"The Vampiric Council, sweetheart."
"You're one of them, aren't you?" she whispered.
"That, I am."
"Are you going to kill me?"
"Not unless you give me a reason to, no."
"But I've killed innocent people."
I smiled, coldly. "I know, and I'm tempted to take your head right here and now." She cringed away from me. "But since your sire had taught you nothing, and all of you were a week old in vampire life when we found you, I will be lenient." I straightened. "And I know that all of you can hear me," I said, a little louder. "When you are given a mentor, you will have only one chance to redeem yourselves. One slip up, and you will not like the outcome. Do you all understand what I am saying?" A round of yes sir greeted my ears, and I inwardly sighed. At least they were no longer fucking robots, I silently muttered as I teleported out of the cell. Before heading for the last cell on the left, I teleported a sword into my hands. Flashing down the hallway and stopping before the cell, I stared at the blonde female vampire inside. It had been more than nine months since Ulrika and I were face to face. I fought the urge to telekinetically pop her head from her shoulders.
"You've done well," Ulrika said weakly from the floor of her cell. "I'm proud of you."
"Are you?" I growled.
She sighed. "I've been here long enough," Ulrika groaned, ignoring my question. "Don't you think it's time you let me out, my son?" Inside, I cringed.
"You don't deserve to call me that," I said quietly. "You lost that right the moment you abandon me."
"I had no choice, Tristan. I didn't want you, your brothers and sisters to end up like me and Soren."
My eyes narrowed. "Really? And might I ask, how did that turn out?" I stepped into the small cell and closed the door behind me. It locked with an ear-splitting scrape.
"It didn't work out at first," she admitted hesitantly. "You were like Soren and I. All of you were. I watched you, you know? I was amazed when I saw you transformed into something? more."
I swallowed back the snarl that threatened to escape me. "You were there?"
"Not personally, but I heard stories. Release me, Tristan." She gave me a pleading look and sighed. "How long have I been in here?"
"Do you really want to know?" I asked dryly. She nodded weakly. I smiled. "You have been in torpor, for nine months.
Her eyes widened. "And you have not killed me yet?"
"Yet," I growled. "And you can thank sweet, precious, Evelyn," I snarled.
She glared at me. "Tell me-"
I chuckled, cutting her off. "Tell you? What? I already know what you're going to ask," I hissed, her thoughts loud in my own head. How is he stronger than me? He shouldn't be stronger than me. There must be some magic involved. "And it's not magic that's making my siblings and I stronger and faster."
"Then what is it?"
I shrugged. "Why are you asking me? Shouldn't you know all this? After all, you're the first vampire to exist."
"Second," she hissed. "Soren was the first, and you killed him," she snarled and somehow even got the strength to sit up.
"I did."
"Do you regret it?"
"No," I said softly. "Because I never knew him, did I?"
"He was my mate," she hissed.
I inwardly winced. "I know."
Ulrika sniffed the air and smiled. "You got yourself a mate. I can smell her on you." Curse the stupid god son of a motherfucking piss ass heighten sense of smell, and fuck nature in the god damn ass. Why in the fucking nine's hell did mate bonding have to fucking be so god damn fucking obvious? "Why didn't you introduce me to her before you so coldly put me into torpor for nine months?"
"There was no need," I growled, as something cold came over me, and the instinct to protect what was mine was overwhelming. So much so, I almost slapped her head right off her shoulders right then and there. But I didn't, I played the good vampire and simply? shrugged like it didn't bother me in the slightest bit. "Did you want to meet her?"
"Not now, I already know who your mate is."
"Yes," I drawled and unsheathed the thirty-six inch of steel, and yes, it was the same sword that Jordana so gleefully impaled me with.
"What are you doing?" she asked, glancing at the gleaming steel nervously.
I pulled her to her feet and held her against the wall of her cell. "This," I said and plunged the sword through her stomach, hard enough that the steel went all the way in and out of her back. "I'm putting you back to sleep," I said both mentally and out loud as she shrieked my ears off. "And if you somehow come out of torpor without me knowing, and by god, hurt anyone under my protection," I growled, silencing her. "You will wish that you and Soren had never. Ever. Created me," I finished and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-nine

BRIDGET

"What?" I spluttered, pressing my cell phone to my ear. On the other end of the line, Doris let out a huff of annoyance.
"I saw a werewolf being killed," she said, exasperated
. First vampires, now werewolves? This was just getting stranger and stranger by the day. "I'm going out there to check out the sight."
"Are you insane?" I asked, glaring at the muted TV screen across the room from me.
"Aren't you a bit curious?"
"I am," I said, grumbling. "But remember where that landed us last time? And might I remind you that you fainted?"
"Last time, I didn't actually believe vampires exist."
"Wait a minute," I said, sitting up straighter. "I thought they wiped your memory?"
"I? kind of begged Cane not to," she said hesitantly.
"What?" I exclaimed. "You did what?" I shouted.
"Bridget," she hissed. "Shut the fuck up. They didn't wipe your mind, either."
"You know what will happen if they find out?" I hissed back at her. A sudden chill came over me, and I stiffened. I pulled the phone from my ear and looked around my small apartment. No one was there, but I had the strong urge to run and hide. "I'll call you back," I said, putting the phone to my ear.
"Wait, where are you going?"
"Just be careful," I said and ended the call. Before I found out that vampires really did exist, I would've shrugged off the weird feeling, thinking that it was my cop instincts fucking around with me. Now, this danger alarm could very well be real.
Turning off the TV, I casually got up and walked the short distance to my room. Just as I quietly closed my bedroom door, I heard the unmistakable sound of a window being shattered. I glanced at my iPhone, debating who to call. "Come out, little human," a male voice hissed. Okay, I thought. That solved my problem nicely. Heart suddenly pounding, I quickly moved to my closet and quickly scrolled through my contacts. Hitting the number for Tronis Inc, I put the phone to my ear, praying today wasn't my last.
"Emergency, press zero. Please enter the three digits of the person's first name you're trying to reach-" I quickly entered eight, seven, and four followed by the pound sign. I again put the phone to my ear, and my heart pounded faster as I heard the first ring. I screamed as my door was kicked in. Thinking fast, I locked my phone and dropped it into my pocket.
"Who did you call?" the first vampire asked me. There were three of them, and their fangs were on full display.
I put up my hands and backed away from them. "9-1-1? Nice dental work. How much did you pay?"
"Stupid human," another one hissed.
"Nope, not stupid at all," I said, gulping. "Just trying to have my last say in before I die, you know? Last words and all?" I let out another scream as they lunged for me. I jumped back and let out a gasp as I hit something solid. And no, it wasn't the wall, as a cold hand caught my arm to steady me. The three vampires stumble to a stop, their eyes widening in shock.
"Where the fuck did you come from?" the first one asked. "And what the fuck is wrong with you?" Turning my head to look back at whoever it was, I winced as I saw Tristan's reddened skin. I pulled away from him and not taking my eyes from any of them, I walked the very short distance to my bed and dropped onto it. "Hey, did you hear me?"
"I heard you perfectly," Tristan said quietly. "Let's take this elsewhere, shall we?"
"But we're hungry, and she smells? delicious," the second one hissed and took a step toward me.
"She does, doesn't she?" Tristan asked slowly. That's ah? nice to know, guys, I silently muttered. "But if you take another step, I might have to buy her a new carpet."
"We're not planning to keep her alive."
"Mmm, that is? very considerate of you." There was a long silence, before the first vampire was on me, knocking me back on the bed. I let out another scream, and he went rigid on top of me. He let out a pained gasp, and I felt the hot stickiness that could only be blood.
"Oh my god!" I screeched, shoving him off of me. The other two vampires let out a snarl and lunged for Tristan. Another vampire appeared from nowhere and grabbed one of them. Tristan, with the remaining vampire, vanished with the dead one. Halfway into a sitting position, I let out a groaned at the sight of blood on my bed and floor. Sighing, I got up and headed toward my kicked in door. "Stupid vampires," I muttered as I entered my bathroom, flipping on the light. Another cold chill came over me, and I froze in the process of removing my bloody shirt.
"You handled that quite well," Tristan said from the doorway of my bedroom. "Apart from bursting my eardrums."
I dropped my hand from the hem of my shirt and turned to fully face him. "Why do you look like you have the worst case of the sunburn? You didn't before."
He stepped from my room and into the darkest corner of the hallway. "Because, I am a little different from the others," he said slowly as I watched his skin going from blistering red to pale in a few seconds.
"Doesn't it hurt?" He gave the barest of a nod. I pointed into my room. "Why did they break into my apartment and try to kill me?"
"You tell me."
"Can they read minds too? Wait, can you read my mind?"
His lips twitched. "Yes, they can, and yes, I can." He took a step toward me, and I backed further into the bathroom. My heart, already pounding, pounded even harder as he entered. I inwardly winced as his skin turned red, but it wasn't as bad like it had been in my room. He turned his head, and I held my breath as another chill skittered down my spine.
"Sire?" a female voice called from somewhere. "There are no more rogues around." Rogues, I thought. Hmm. "Is she okay?" Tristan turned back to me and gave me a questioning look. I nodded.
"She is." Another vampire squeezed her way into the bathroom and held out her hand to me.
"I'm Lorena, it's nice to meet you," she said, looking me up and down.
"Bridget," I said and hesitantly took her hand and shook it. "Nice to meet you too."
"Now you might want to change out of that shirt," she said and elbowed Tristan. "He needs to leave first though." When he didn't budge, she sighed. "Sire," she warned. "Don't make me stab you."
Tristan took in a deep breath and let it out sharply. "You know, sweetheart, it is not wise to tell someone that you are going to stab them." Lorena shrugged and pushed him out the door.
"I? didn't bring a shirt in here with me," I muttered.
"No problem," the tall vampire said and flashed from the bathroom, returning with a clean orange one.
"Not that one," I grumbled. "It's ugly."
"Just wear it," she said, and I gasped as my bloody shirt was suddenly not there.
"Hey!" I exclaimed. The ugly ass shirt in Lorena's hand vanished, only to reappear on me. "Hey!" I repeated. "Stop that," I said and glared at her.
"It wasn't me," she muttered and pointed to the sink. Grumbling, I took a long ass time with washing my hands. An eternity later, I shut off the water and slowly stepped from the bathroom and into the living room where Lorena and Tristan were waiting for me. I stopped before them and scowled at the cream-colored carpet.
"So," Tristan said with a sigh. "How is it you and Doris know about the death of a werepup?" His eyes narrowed, and I shifted nervously as I felt the slight pressure in my head. "Mmm," he said thoughtfully. "I see."
I stiffened. "See what?" I asked suspiciously. He muttered something under his breath that I couldn't make out. "Um? what?" Lorena leaned in close and whispered something in his ear. He growled, and I took a couple of steps back from them. "What is going on?" I asked, wishing that I had something sharp and pointy in my hand.
"What would you say in coming with us?" Lorena asked slowly.
"Do I have a choice in the matter?"
"Not really," she said as Tristan held out a hand to me. I took a step forward and reluctantly put my hand in his.
"Your friend will be fine," he said, before everything went completely dark.

JORDANA

"Pinky, pinky, pinky," I said under my breath as I squinted up at the setting sun. "Pretty," I said with a sigh. "So pretty." I breathed in the cool air and again, sighed. Stomach clenching in hunger, I tilted my head slightly and gently sniffed. Catching the scent of a human, I followed it to a small grocery store just around the corner. "Sir?" I called out to him. He stopped walking and turned to me. "Can you come here for a minute?" Frowning, he cautiously walked over.
"Yes?" he asked.
"You won't scream or fight me," I said, looking him in the eye and rolling him. Reaching out, I took him by the arm and led him out of camera sight. Stopping, I looked around. Seeing and sensing no one else nearby, I stepped closer to the human and sank my fangs into the side of his neck. He jerked in my arms, but didn't make a sound as I drew the hot blood into my mouth and swallowed. A long minute past before he went limp. Growling in utter annoyance, I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and slowly licked at the two tiny holes I've made. Sighing, I lowered him into a sitting position against the dirty brick wall and crouched in front of him. "You won't remember coming across anyone on your way home, and you won't have any memory of what just happened. You are fine, but just a little dizzy. You will sit here until you're feeling a little better, and then you'll be on your way. Do you understand?"
He nodded weakly. "I understand." Patting him on the cheek, I released him and flashed away.
A few minutes later, or maybe it was a few hours later, I found myself standing outside the Night Life Bar. Now fully dark, I glanced at the sign declaring neutral grounds and scowled. I wondered if anyone had broken the rules before as I rested a pale hand on the doorknob. Inwardly groaning, I turned it and stepped inside. The few conversations that were going on abruptly stopped as they saw me. Wondering why the fuck I was even here in the first place, I scanned the few patrons that were here. "Jordana," Cane said in surprise from behind the bar. Spotting three shifters sitting at the darkest corner of the bar, I headed toward them. "Are you here alone?"
"I am," I said, pausing at their table. The redheaded shifter shifted nervously as I looked them over. The male sitting beside her put a protective arm around her and scowled at me. Not asking for permission from either of them, I slit into the booth and stared at the shifter with black hair and green eyes that were ringed with blue I hadn't noticed earlier. Cane slowly approached and stopped an arm's reach away.
"What can I get you?"
I looked over to him and frowned in thought. "Do you have a donor on standby?" I asked with a smirk.
"No biting is allowed," he muttered. Of course biting wasn't allowed, I silently grumbled and pointed at the menu on the bar. Cane glanced at it and gave me a questioning look.
"A basket of mozzarella sticks," I said. "And water I supposed."
He nodded. "You got it," he said in relief and went back behind the bar, disappearing through a door that led somewhere, probably to a small kitchen. I turned back to the shifters and found them all still staring at me. Focusing only on the shifter to my right, I stared deeply into her eyes.
"Aisley, is it?" I asked her blankly. She nodded, scowling at me.
"Bite her," the male shifter warned. "And I'll have your head on a pole."
I looked at him, annoyed. "I won't hurt her," I said, irritated.
"That is what the sane part of you is saying, but what about the other part? The part that thinks this table here is food?"
"How do you know the insane part of me isn't all of me? And for the record, I don't eat furniture."
"That's not what I saw when we first met. Ye were tryin' to eat yer way through Tristan's wires."
"I was not," I spluttered as my food and drink were put in front of me. I blinked at him. "Scottish eh? Or is it Irish?" I asked. He grunted. "You hid it very well earlier. Nice going, I'd never guess. So which is it, Scottish or Irish?"
"Like I'm going to tell you. Besides, it only comes out when I'm annoyed. Now what's this about you not eating your way through inanimate objects?"
Picking up a cheese stick, I dipped it into the marinara sauce and bit into it. "I didn't eat Tristan's electrical stuff," I said around a mouthful. "What is your name again? I didn't catch it the first time."
"Cadan, and you are?"
"Jordana," I muttered and bit off half of my third cheese stick.
He shifted nervously. "What do people call you for short?"
I smiled. "Dana," I said. "And if you had not asked and called me Jordan, I'd stab you where it hurts the most." He flinched, and I got the sense he was cupping himself down there. I glanced at the other two shifters. "Was I really trying to eat wires?" They nodded. Well, fuck, I silently muttered as I took a long drink of my water. Someone tapped me on the shoulder, and I looked up to find a rogue looking at me curiously. Cane allowed rogues in here? Damn he must be out of his mind.
"I heard about you," he growled.
"Have you?" I asked dryly.
"You're a rogue yourself, aren't you?" he hissed, low enough for only me to hear.
I slowly chewed my last bite of cheese stick and swallowed, holding back a smile. "Planning to recruit me into your ranks of lowly I-think-we're-above-the-law circle?" I hissed back at him.
He shrugged. "We are above the law. We don't need rules to abide by. We're vampires for fuck sake." He leaned in close. "We even killed another werepup."
I blinked. "You did?"
"Thank you for that little piece of info, my friend," a familiar deep voice growled. The rogue jumped like he'd been shocked back to reality and whirled to find none other than Tristan standing in front of him, Lorena behind him and a nervous tall female human holding a toddler in her arms at his side.
"What?" he snarled.
"You heard me," Tristan gritted out. The bar was now completely silent, as they waited to see what would unfold next.
"And who the fuck are you?" A collective gasp came from the watching patrons, and the rogue stiffened.
"One day," Tristan said, more to himself. "Just one day?" He let out an irritated growl and glared at Cane who reluctantly came over.
"What can I get for you, sir?" Cane asked him.
"AB," Tristan replied, still glaring at the bartender. One of the shifters let out a low whistle, and I glanced at them to find them looking at Tristan and wincing. Oh, right, I thought, Tristan looked like he was in pain. Under the dimmed lighting of the bar, his skin was pink. Damn, Ari was not going to be happy with him. Hands in his pockets, Tristan eyed the rogue thoughtfully. "You know," he said conversationally. "If this were anywhere but here, I'd have your precious heart in my hand. And, to answer your question you so politely asked, I am Tristan."
The rogue flinched. "Head of the VC?" he asked disbelievingly.
"The one and only." The rogue took a step toward the door, only to jerk to a stop as Evelyn appeared directly in front of him. She grabbed a chair and set it down beside him.
"Sit," she said sweetly as the compulsion washed over him. He sat, and then blinked as he came back to reality a second later. She pushed him to another table and nodded to Tristan who took his glass of blood from Cane.
"May I?" Tristan asked, nodding to the table and directing his question to the shifters.  They nodded, and he pulled up another chair and sat. He turned to Lorena and said something to her that I couldn't hear.
"Who is the precious little darling?" I asked cheerfully.
"Her nephew," he said, taking a sip of his blood.
I nodded. "Did you come after me? I didn't kill anyone if you must know." Kidian waved to Cane, and when he glanced our way, she held up her empty glass. "Or I don't think I killed anyone."
Tristan shook his head. "I didn't come for you, sweetheart. But, I didn't expect to find you here, either." I watched Lorena leading the human to the other side of the bar and nodded. "Please, join us," he said to Cane as he set another glass of alcohol in front of Kidian. Cane hesitated, before nodding.
"Since you're here," Aisley said, clearing her throat. "We have word of?" She paused, glancing at Cane.
"You may speak freely in front of him," Tristan said, draining his glass.
"Shae is going to make her move," she said quietly.
"When?"
"Tomorrow night."
"It is about time," he said, setting down his empty glass on the tray and getting to his feet.
"Where are you going?" I asked, pouting. Tristan gave Cane a hard look, and the bartender stiffened.
"I understand, sir," said Cane. "I'll fix it." He grunted. "Yes sir." Wincing, Cane picked up the tray, nodded to us all, and left.
"Where are you going?" I repeated to Tristan. He held out his hand to me, and I took it. Pulling me from the booth, he moved his hand to my shoulder and squeezed lightly.
"Whenever you three are done here, come to Council HQ," he said to the shifters.
"We're done here," Kidian said, speaking up for the first time since I got here. "We'll go with you."
Tristan grunted. "Very well." A few seconds later, everything went dark.
In the lounge of the Council building, Oliver, half werewolf half vampire, was seconds from having his heart torn from his chest. If having Hayley's hand buried in his chest cavity and Alek holding him down was anything to go by. "Release him," Tristan said dryly. "I need to have a word with him."
"Damn it," Hayley grumbled. They released Oliver and stepped back from him.
"Oli," I sang. "Someone is in trouble. Double trouble."
"Is there something that you wish to tell me?" Tristan asked slowly, a hint of a warning in his voice. He gently pushed me down onto the couch and crouched before Oliver. "Don't even think about shifting," he growled low in his throat.
"Shae wishes to meet with you," Oliver gasped out. "Tomorrow."
"Why?"
"I don't know. I swear, I don't know." Tristan sighed, and I let out a yelp as he pulled out the infamous silver blade of the Council. Oliver's eyes widened. "What are you going to do with that?" he asked, squirming away from the gleaming blade held out to him.
"Take it," Tristan said softly, rolling him. Oliver abruptly stopped trying to get away and took the deadly blade from Tristan. "I want you to take that blade, and stab it through your heart," he continued, straightening and coming to sit beside me. "Oh, and don't forget to twist it."
"Would you like me to do it now?" Oliver asked in a monotone.
"Yes, if you please." Without hesitation, or any kind of fanfare, Oliver plunged the blade into his semi-healed chest. His bloodcurdling scream blasted my eardrums as he twisted his wrist. A few seconds later, he literally? exploded. Tristan let out a gasp as his head hit the wall behind us with a thump. "Damn," he muttered. "Couldn't block him out completely."
"That," said Kidian. "Is fucking disgusting," she finished, glaring at the blob that used to be Oliver. "Rest in peace, mate. It was nice knowing you."
"Remind me to never, ever piss you off," Hayley said, shuddering. Letting out a shuddering breath himself, Tristan got up and picked the blade off the floor.
"Cleaning crew will be here in a few," Evelyn said from the doorway. "And it was about time you got rid of him." He grunted. "Jordana," she said to me. "How would you like to play with Alaric?" Cadan, Kidian, and Aisley all let out a gasp as I smiled.
"I would love to," I hissed, as everything went black.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty

The myriad of voices and the sounds of sparring, though just yards away from me, sounded like they were three floors below. I stepped through the doorway and leaned on the doorjamb, watching as Vaelin and Sven sparred with each other. The blue mats covering half of the room did a piss poor job at preventing pain or cracked skull when vampires were going at it full force. "Time," Alyssa called over the grunts and curses flying about. Sven dropped Vaelin, nodding as he stepped off the mat and headed toward where she was sitting. Flipping open the lid of the red cooler, he grabbed an ice-cold bottle of water and cracked the top. Vaelin joined him and took one for herself and scanned the room. When she spotted me, she waved me over. Straightening and feeling like I was in dreamland, I crossed the room and stopped beside her. Reaching into the cooler, I took an ice cube and popped it into my mouth. "Isn't that a little cold?" Alyssa asked. I shrugged and crunched down on the ice.
"Hey." We all turned to the door to find Jayr standing there, a piece of paper in her hand.
"Jayr," said Sven. "Long time, no see."
She shrugged. "A couple of months," she said conversationally.
Sven drained his bottle and tossed it in the trash beside the table. "What you got there?"
"It's a warrant," she said, shrugging like the paper she was holding had no meaning to it at all.
He stilled, and Vaelin paused, not swallowing the water pooling in her mouth. "For whom?" he asked slowly.
"Adaira."
Sven smirked. "About fucking time, Davina."
"I was actually looking for Tristan. He's not in his office." She glanced behind her as if checking he wasn't standing there.
"I'll take you to him," I said in a monotone.
She shifted nervously and just stared at me. "Okay," she said hesitantly.
"Dana," Sven said, putting a hand on my shoulder. "Did you come here for something?"
"No," I said slowly and sighed.
"Go on then," he said, ruffling my hair. "Take Jayr to Tristan."
"This way," I said blankly, flashing passed her.
Down in the Council archive, Tristan dropped a stack of papers into a drawer and slammed it shut. Stopping beside him, I unsheathed one of his many blades and turned to Jayr. Her eyes widened, as I stabbed her in the chest. She let out a gasp, looking down at the blade that was sticking out of her. Yanking it out, I went to stab her again, but she moved, and my wrist was held in Tristan's unbreakable hold. Jayr set the warrant on one of the shelves and groaned, her hand going to her chest. I struggled to break away from Tristan, but he squeezed, causing me to wince and drop the bloody blade to the floor. "The hell was that for?" Jayr hissed.
"I need some entertainment," I said and giggled. Tristan released me, and I yelped as he grabbed me, yanking me against him. Grunting, I tried my damnedest to break free. Jayr looked around the long room that consists of shelves and cabinets of records upon records of things you didn't want the world to know about. Laughing, I kicked at Tristan's legs and bang my head against his chest.
"What do you have for me?" Tristan asked.
"Death warrant," Jayr muttered, rubbing her chest. "From Davina."
"Thank you," he said, grunting. "You can go." Jayr glared at me before disappearing out the door.
"I love you, too," I sang after her. Mentally reaching out, I flipped on the lights. Tristan's hiss was loud in my ear, but sadly, he didn't loosen his hold on me. "Are you going to let me go?" I asked him.

"Are you going to stab anyone else?" he growled.
"You?" He sighed, and the lights overhead went off. Releasing me, he bent and picked up the blade, sheathing it. He took hold of my arm, and everything went dark.
When the darkness lifted, I let out a squeal and jerked from Tristan, my mouth suddenly watering from the smell of blood, heavy and thick in the air. I saw a flash of white as he tossed the warrant to Jailyn. Someone caught the back of my shirt, pulling me to a stop before I could rip into the bloodied form of Adaira. "Wait," Brynna said dryly. I bared my fangs and hissed. "Hey," she growled. "None of that." She let go of my shirt, and I was on the witch in a heartbeat. Adaira's eyes slowly opened, and she screamed as I cracked open her chest.
"Nap time is over," I sang.
"I just fed her a whole lot of my blood," Brynna muttered from behind me. The witch's screams suddenly reached a pitch that even the people half way around the world could hear. I paused and looked around.
"Jordana," Jailyn said, suddenly beside me. I wrinkled my nose at the stink of death magic. "May I?"
"You're going to take my toy away from me?" I asked, pouting. "She was so much fun to play with." Adaira shrieked something incoherent, and I smiled as her skin slowly split open, starting with her arms. Was that Jailyn's doing? Or Tristan's? On the other side of the table, Tristan looked like he was in so much pain, I could almost feel it. He stood rigid, his fists clenched, and I could hear the grinding of his teeth. I stabbed a finger into Adaira's chest and held my bloody hand out to him. "Want a taste?" I asked, giggling. Unable to speak, or just ignoring me, he took a step away from the table, but his eyes never left Adaira. I took one of Jailyn's blades and wiped away the blood from the witch's stomach. Finding pink underneath all of the red, I put the tip of the blade to the skin. "Hmm," I said thoughtfully. "Any last words?" I asked cheerfully. I put my hand on the closest chain and yanked at it a little. It was so far embedded into the witch, I wondered if it was in her bones as well. Knowing the many healing she'd received these past days. Yeah? it probably was. "How are you still alive?"
"I think it is time for Adaira to sleep," Ariella said from somewhere in the room. "Maybe permanently this time?"
"That would be lovely," said Rebecka. Was every member of the Tronis Bloodline down here or something?
"I agree," I said and dug the blade in. "If she could speak, I think her last words would be?" I pressed the blade in deeper. "Fuck you. Isn't that what everyone says now these days?" I asked and started carving the letters into her skin. The moment I was done carving the last letter, I punched my hand into her stomach and reached for her liver, yanking it out and tossing it to the floor. "Hush, little baby, don't say a word," I sang to myself as I took out her spleen and added that to the pile of shit on the floor. "Hush, little baby, don't say a word," I repeated and punctured the pericardial sack around the heart. Adaira no longer screamed, no longer writhed in pain, as the last of the death throws took over. The sound of drip, drip, drip, was loud in the sudden silence that followed. Someone whistled, loud and long.
"She's not coming back to life anytime soon," Jailyn said, and I jumped back as what remained of Adaira went up in flames.
"You're buying me a new torture table," Brynna grumbled. "This room is fireproof, so light it up." Someone pulled me away as the fire grew hotter and brighter, blinding me. Tristan cursed up a storm as his skin blistered. I winced as he flashed from the room. He was still cursing as he wrapped himself in darkness. I stepped blindly from the room and banged my head against the stone wall as Ari pulled the door tightly shut.
"Okay," said Evelyn. "I sent word to Davina of Adaira's death." Yep, I thought, they were all here. After all, who wouldn't want to miss a witch being put to death? I squeezed my eyes shut and pressed my fingers into my closed eyelids, willing the residual images of the flames to disappear.
"Come on," Ari said, putting a cool hand on my arm. "Let's head up." I let her lead me up the stairs and into the kitchen where everyone was hanging out. Someone pressed a hot bag of blood into my hand, and I reluctantly bit into the plastic.
"One down," said Vaelin. "A gazillion more to go." Wow, where did all these people come from? "You were in la-la land," she said dryly to me. I glared at her and would've lunged across the kitchen and bashed her head into the window behind her, if Liana's hand didn't suddenly land on my chest, pushing me into a chair.
"Behave," Liana hissed.
"Yes, sire," I said flatly and drained the blood bag in my hand. Staring up at the ceiling, I sighed, and drifted from reality.

ARI

Hours after the death of Adaira, I found myself standing in Davina's office, the witch scowling at me. "You appearing out of the blue in my office means you either want something from me, or here to kill me." I smirked. "So which is it?"
"The first one," I said dryly.
Davina sighed. "Okay, what is it that you want?"
I leaned on her desk and looked at her thoughtfully. "I want you to make Tristan a protection charm against light, if not light, then at least against the sun."
"If I make this for him, then I want something in return."
"I expect nothing less."
"I want that magical lithium blade."
"Done," I said. "But you won't be getting the blade until I have what I want."
"I'll have you know, that blade belongs to the witches, not the vampires."
I arched an eyebrow. "And you don't think I know that?" I straightened. "No charm, no blade," I said and teleported.
Appearing behind Tristan, I put my arms around him and sighed, resting my chin on top of his head. "Do I want to know where you went off to?" he asked, tapping the pen rhythmically against a notebook on his desk.
"Not really."
"Mmm."
"What are you working on?" I asked and glanced at the window. "And when is Shae arriving?" Before he could answer, there was a knock on the door. I straightened and mentally reached out to open it.
"Not interrupting, am I?" Kira asked in her usual cheerfulness self.
"Yes, you are," Tristan said, sighing.
I laughed and waved her into the office. "You are definitely not interrupting." Smirking, she came in and closed the door behind her. "What can we do for you?"
"Do you remember Hannah?" she asked, looking at Tristan. "Hannah Sulli?"
Tristan stilled his pen and looked at his childe. "I do," he said slowly.
"Well, she's out front with her daughter and claiming that she saw a rogue vampire killing someone, and it was in front of another witness who ran screaming from the scene." She shifted nervously. "Of course, the witness reported the incident to the police, and-" She stopped abruptly as Tristan held up a hand.
"How does she know this witness reported to the human authorities?"
"She followed him." He let out a long sigh and nodded, before everything went dark.
I nearly ran headfirst into the lounge door when we appeared in that said lounge. I glared at Tristan as he opened it and stepped out. Kira and I followed him, and we stopped behind the bulletproof counter. On the other side, Hannah stood nervously, holding tightly to her daughter's hand. "Hannah," Tristan said in greetings. "I didn't expect to see you back here so soon."
"I didn't expect to be back here, either," Hannah said, her eyes going everywhere and nowhere. "Did Kira tell you what I told her?"
"She did. And, do you perhaps have a picture of this? witness?" Slowly, Hannah reached into her pocket, pulling out her iPhone. A moment later, she turned the device so that we could see the grainy picture.
"Sorry, I took this from quite a long distance away." He grunted, nodding.
"What he means to say is, thank you," Kira chirped. "Right?" she asked, and he glared at her. Hannah nodded. "Can I delete it?"
"Wait," Kira said and pushed open the right door, stepping from behind the counter. "Can I print it out?"
"Sure," Hannah said uncertainly, dropping the phone into Kira's outstretched hand.
"Someone teleport me my phone charger?" Tristan scowled at her. "What, I don't feel like running home."
"Which home are you referring to?" he asked dryly as a USB cable appeared in his hand.
"The one at NSC HQ," she grumbled and came back behind the counter. She took the cable from her sire, and we waited as she hooked the phone to the computer. The only sound apart from the clicking of the mouse, Hannah was trying to hush her daughter who was babbling something I couldn't even begin to make out. A few seconds later, the printer started up on its slow printing. Kira grabbed the printed picture and glared down at it. "Hey!" she exclaimed when Tristan snatched it from her. Grumbling, she disconnected the phone and slipped it under the glass to Hannah. "Thank you for coming," she said to the human. "We'll get the situation cleared up in no time." Hannah nodded, and picking up her daughter into her arms, she headed for the doors. "If you see any more unexplainable incidents, feel free to return." She smirked. "Come visit just for the hell of it."
Hannah laughed nervously. "I will keep that in mind," she said and pushed the door open, stepping out into the chilly night.
"Are we all going?" Kira asked, glancing between me and Tristan.
"No," said Tristan. She pouted. "I'm sending Trent, Vaelin, Iris, and Jayr out to investigate and? do whatever it is that needs to be done." Kira muttered something under her breath, but nodded. "Shae will be here at midnight," he continued, answering my question I had asked back in his office. "Which is in about an hour."
"Shit," Kira groaned. "I swear, if she stabs you again, I'm going to rip her fucking head off before Ari can. And that is saying something." Tristan looked at his childe for so long; the fledgling shifted uncomfortably and mumbled something unintelligible. "I'm serious," she muttered.
"I know," he said softly and reached out to ruffle her hair. "Now come." Taking my hand in his, he teleported.

JAILYN

"Oh, Alaric," I said with a sigh as his screams turned into a long moan. "I believe that by now, your mate is probably wondering where in the world you ran off to. You've been with us a week now. Or is it more than a week? I lost track of time to be honest." I turned to the furious vampire standing by the door. Adalyn's fangs were bared, and her low growls practically vibrated the charged air in the room. "When is Shae arriving again?" I asked her conversationally.
"Thirty minutes," she snarled.
"Do you think he can stand another round of torture before she gets here?"
"Let me at him again," she hissed and took a step toward him.
"Sathia," I said to my demon. "Come." Sathia, disguised as a tall female human with waist-length black hair, creamy skin, and bright green eyes that practically glowed in the dark-sighed deeply and straightened from her crouch. The bright glowing green eyes were something she couldn't really helped as she moved fluidly to my side. Oh, and the fangs.
"Jailyn," she hissed in annoyance. That hiss turned into a growl, as I nodded to Adalyn. "Why?" she continued as I led my demon from the room. "Why must you always take the fun away from me?"
"You will have your fun soon enough," I said, dropping my hand on her shoulder and leading her up the stairs. Once through the door that led to the second floor, I groaned, pulling Sathia to a stop.
"Ooo," Jordana said in excitement, as she rounded a corner and saw us. "Jailyn," she sang and flashed down the long hallway, coming to an abrupt stop in front of Sathia who was scowling.
"Jordana," I said. "This is Sathia." Jordana leaned in, and the demon stiffened as the insane youngling inhaled deeply. "Sathia, this is Jordana."
"Demon," Jordana growled and took a step back. "Demon," she repeated. Letting out an ear-splitting shriek, she turned and ran. At the far end of the hall, I watched as she stopped and bashed her head over and over into the unyielding wall. Soon after, Tristan and Ari appeared out of thin air. One look at Sathia, Tristan flashed to the young vampire and hauled her away from the wall and held her tightly in his arms. I gave Ari a questioning look. The witches fucked her over, but I'm thinking the smell of the abyss reminded her of the two necromancers that worked with the witches, she said into my mind. I nodded as Ari held out her hand to the demon.
"Ariella Stanton," she said. "It's finally nice to meet you."
"Likewise," Sathia growled and took the outstretched hand and briefly shook. You may shed your human disguise if you like, I whispered into my demon's mind and dropped my hand from her. In the blink of an eye, Sathia transformed from a beautiful human into her demonic form of herself. Jordana suddenly stopped shrieking our ears off and just stared fixatedly at the demon who was by the way, taller than all of us, had black scaly skin, poisonous talons, poisonous spiked tail, horns, bat-like wings folded behind her, mouth full of razor-sharp teeth, forked tongue, and green eyes. Yep, your ordinary everyday demon from hell.
"Wow," Jordana said in amazement. "That? is wicked." Tristan gave me an irritated look, but didn't let go of Jordana. Good thing, too, because she again started up on her shriek of death and struggled violently to get out.
"Demon of greed?" Ari asked conversationally.
I laughed. "You wish. She's the demon of all things rage related."
"Oh, fantastic," she said cheerfully. "Just fantastic."
"Indeed," I said, as the shift in the air suddenly changed from friendly to hostel in a heartbeat.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-one

TRISTAN

"No! No! No! No! No!" Jordana screamed as she paced frantically around her apartment in the compound, three hundred and fifty feet below the Council building. "I won't stay here! I won't! I won't!" Her screaming at Sven and Liana had been going on for about? five minutes now, and my attunement to Shae waiting in my office told me that she was about to snap at Brynna and Cole who were keeping her company. "I won't stay here and let all of you have all the fun! I won't!"
"You won't be stuck in here for long," Sven said gently. I winced, as the small bookshelf that was in one corner of the apartment-hit him in the back, causing books to fly in all directions. I caught one of them and set it on the small table beside me as Sven cursed under his breath and rubbed his lower back.
"I will not be locked up," she snarled. "I will not!" Liana yelped as a lamp came crashing down on her head. "I will not be locked up!" she shrieked, and the ringing in my ears grew painful. Jordana flashed over to where I was standing, and I grunted as she crashed into me. I steadied her, and she jerked from me. "Tell them not to lock me up," she pleaded. "Don't lock me up. Please don't make me stay here." Before I could answer, her expression went blank. I stiffened, as she let out a feral hiss. "Don't lock me up," she growled, repeating it as she grabbed a handful of her own hair. Seeing me trying to stop her from yanking out her hair, she spun about and launched herself at the nearest wall. I again winced, as she let out a long, anguished moan. Not a minute sooner, she stopped moaning and trying to crack open her skull. Instead, she threw back her head, and let out a bloodcurdling scream. Liana flashed to her, and she hissed as her childe bit her. Snarling, she ripped into Liana's throat. I took a step forward, and for the third time that night, winced as Liana tore Jordana from her and slammed her against the wall. I inwardly sighed as my own hunger was triggered. Well, I was already hungry as usual. The smell of fresh blood in the air just made it even harder for me to hold back the urge to bite the nearest human to me. Or vampire for that matter as a blade sank deep into Liana's arm. Snarling, she released Jordana and yanked the blade out, tossing it aside. Sven grabbed Jordana, only to hiss in pain as the broken half of the lamp struck him on the back of the head. Laughing like this was entertaining to her, Jordana ran for the door leading out into the hall and freedom. She opened it, and I mentally reached out, slamming it shut before she could take one step out of the apartment. "Let me out!" she snarled, pounding on the door. She screamed as Sven pulled her back. Struggling violently in his arms, she headbutted him when he turned her around to face him. She would've broken his nose if he hadn't jerked his head back in time. He did let out a choked sound as something in his neck snapped. I let out a long sigh and flashed over to them. I yanked Jordana from Sven, and she scratched me, punched me, kicked me, bit me, in her attempt to break away. More objects came flying, this time, the objects were all for me as books, chairs, broken parts of something all hit me one after another in rapid succession. I took her to the floor, inwardly cursing in pain as she put more force into her telekinetic power.
"Enough," I growled, and then hissed as something sharp stabbed me in the back. Her eyes squeezed shut and laughing at something or another, she kneed me in the balls, hard. Not expecting her to do that and not prepared for the pain of my precious parts being kicked in, I let out a gasp as blinding pain knocked me senseless. It was for only a brief second, but it was enough for her to throw me across the apartment. Groaning and cursing up a storm, it took all my willpower not to cup myself and curl into a ball. Fuuuuck, I silently groaned as Liana loomed over me.
"Are you okay?" she asked, fighting back a laugh as Sven tried again to keep Jordana from leaving.
"What do you think?" I hissed through clenched teeth. Oh, healing was going to be a fucking bitch. I reached behind me and removed the blade that was already slowly pushing itself from my body. I really, really, reeeeally didn't want to get up at the moment as objects continued to fly about under Jordana's power. Starving, annoyed, and a little pissed off, I slowly got up and glared at the insane youngling. "Jordana!" I snarled, both out loud and in her mind. "Stop!" Of course, I got nowhere as she continued to scream, laugh, or snarl, grrr. I really didn't want to slip into her mind to block her powers. For one thing, unlike the other's powers I've blocked or taken away, it would hurt her, and two, I didn't want to damage her mind further. Not that blocking powers or taking them away would harm the vampire in question, but Jordana wasn't like the others, and I wasn't going to chance it. Hell, I could compel her to stay here, and this would all be done and over with. But again, I was taking a risk whenever I did anything involving mind manipulation of some kind to her. I closed my eyes and slowly counted to sixty, not that it would help in the slightest in calming the sudden rage that came over me. Fuck the witches, god damn fuck them all. As I continued to heal painfully and way too slow for my liking, I walked over to Sven and Jordana. Or rather, I limped over to them. "Dana," I said more gently, putting my hand on her shoulder and ignoring the painful smacking of inanimate objects against my entire body, including my head. "Dana, sweetheart, come back to us." I held her immobile with my mind as her own mind continued to turn this apartment into a warzone.
"Don't lock me up," she said, no longer laughing or shrieking. Her eyes, unfocused, held back tears as she stared pleadingly at me. I did suggest to Sven that leaving her alone wasn't a great idea, but no one could come up with other options apart from? locking her up as she put it. The tornado slowly died down, and a minute or two later, everything that was floating, fell back to the floor with a loud crash. I inwardly let out a long sigh of relief at the lovely, blissful silence that soon followed. "Please?"
"I have an idea," Sven said slowly. "But you're not going to like it."
"Enlighten me," I drawled as I walked toward Jordana's bedroom. I opened the door that somehow survived and stepped inside. Looking around and spotting the mini refrigerator, I went over to it. Groaning, I bent down and opened it. Finding eight bags of blood inside, I grabbed two and closed it. I straightened with another pained groan and sank my fangs into the first bag, grunting as the healing process sped up even more.
"Have her visit with the prisoners," Sven finally said after another long moment of silence. "She won't be going alone of course."
"And who do you suggest will go with her?" Liana asked.
"I can," Hayley called from the hall. She cleared her throat. "Alexander is with me," she said hesitantly. Draining my second bag of blood and feeling a great deal better, I exited the room and flashed to the outside door. Putting a hand on Jordana's shoulder, I opened the door and scowled at Hayley.
"Alexander," I growled in greetings and bent to pat Natalia on her head. She blinked up at me, sipping blood through a straw like it was actual punch and not blood in that closed-lid opaque cup she was clutching like a lifeline.
"Tristan," Alexander said, looking past me into the apartment. Seeing the destruction, he let out a long whistle and winced. "Wow, someone did a number in here."
"Tell me about it," Sven muttered.
"What's this about visiting with the prisoners?" Alexander asked, holding Natalia back from trying to see past me.
Sven shrugged and looked at Jordana who was definitely not here at the moment and muttering something unintelligible under her breath. "If we try to keep her here, we'll never get anywhere. At least with the prisoners, she can? dare I say it, entertain them for a while."
I glared at him. "You do realize that by the time she is done with her entertainment, not a single prisoner will be alive?"
He again shrugged. "Well, it's either that, or let her kill Shae the moment she set eyes on the shifter."
"Take her to the movies?" Hayley suggested, and then snorted.
"Wish it was that simple," he muttered, never taking his eyes off Jordana, less she decided to go into sudden action.
I sighed. "Fine," I said grudgingly. "But you both will be responsible for making sure that she doesn't go too far," I growled. "If I find one dead prisoner, I can assure you that there will be repercussions."
Hayley winced, raising both her hands and backing away from me. "She won't kill anyone, I give you my word," she said, and then yelped when she felt the sting of the binding. "Ugh, I hate that."
I smirked. "Let's hope you don't break your word, hmm?" She again winced. "Compel her if you must, but only as a last resort." Both Alexander and Hayley nodded. Turning to Jordana, I cupped her chin and tilted her head back slightly. Staring deep into her eyes, I gave her a mental nudge. She Blinked, her hand going up to push mine away. I let her, as she let out a long sigh. "Were you listening?" I asked dryly.
"No," Jordana said and pouted. "What did I miss?"
"How would you like to visit with the prisoners?" Hayley asked, and Jordana's eyes gleamed. I inwardly groaned, and then stiffened as I felt a sharp pain in my side. It was quick and gone in a flash, and I bared my fangs, hissing. Go, Sven said into my head. I'll be up in a few. I breathed in and out slowly, and when I was sure I wasn't going to snap Shae's neck the moment I saw her, I teleported.
Ari choked, quickly swallowing the blood she was in the process of downing as I appeared in my room. Coughing, she glared at me. Pulling the half empty bag from her mouth, she looked me up and down and sighed. "Why is it every time I see you, you're either hurt, covered in blood, or both?" she asked, annoyed and draining the rest of the bag. Tossing it into the trash, she got up and closed in on me. "Strip," she commanded, looking pointedly at my groin, and? it wasn't because she wanted to get hot and naked with me at the moment.
I sighed. "You felt everything," I grumbled and shrugged out of my shirt.
"No way," she said dryly as I dropped my pants. "I nearly died when it felt like someone kicked me down there with the force of a?" She grimaced. "Skyler looked at me like I've gone insane when I fell writhing, panting like I was in labor."
"I'm surprised you didn't teleport to my side," I drawled.
She huffed. "I would have if it wasn't Jordana you were dealing with." Her eyes flickered back down to my groin, and I winced as I harden under her stare. Ow, I silently muttered. "I," she said under her breath. "Am never, ever, letting you leave this room for a century." I glanced down at myself and sighed at the slight discoloration. Thank the devil that I downed two bags of blood, because I really didn't want to know what Ari would've done. I dropped to the bed and opened my mini refrigerator and took out two more bags of blood, wincing as the pain grew the longer Ari stared.
"Do you mind?"
She blinked and looked up at me. "Sorry," she muttered as I drained the first bag and ripped into the second. As another pain lanced through me, I growled and quickly dressed. If Cole and Brynna weren't with Kira, I'd be in my office in a heartbeat. Ari grabbed me, as I teleported. The moment we appeared in my office, she released me and slammed Shae's head into the wall behind her. The fresh scent of Kira's blood caused rage to once again, boiled up in me. This time, I didn't bother to calm myself. Flashing over to her, I pulled her hand away from her side and saw the four deep wounds that could only be inflicted by something such as claws. It took all my willpower not to take Shae's head right then and there.
"Why?" I growled at her.
She shrugged and hissed in pain. "You didn't think you were going to leave me out of this, did you?" I so wanted to strangle her, and it took another ounce of willpower not to go into sire mode and beat some sense into her. I raised my gaze heavenward and wondered if anyone ever listens anymore. I did not want to lose another child, god fucking damn it. Was it so hard to understand that? I looked back down at Kira and silently seethed as I offered her my wrist. Her fangs sank deep, and she pulled long and hard. After a second swallow, she withdrew and licked it, sealing the two tiny punctured holes she'd made. I pointed to a chair and gave her a hard look. Without another word, she went over to it and sat. Turning to Brynna and Cole, I resisted the urge to bash their heads into the wall behind them. With a sigh, I turn to Shae and Ari.
"Good move, shifter," I said quietly as Ari moved to block the door. "Why did you harm one of mine?"
Shae shrugged, her dark blue eyes glinting. "She provoked me."
"Did she?" I growled.
"I was getting impatient, waiting for you."
"Is that so?"
"I'm looking for one of mine."
"One of yours?" I asked, knowing full well who she was looking for. She nodded. "Do tell."
"Aisley."
"Ah, her."
"Where is she?"
I stiffened and let out another long sigh. "Shae," I said slowly. "Last time we were face-to-face, you plunged a blade into my stomach." She shrugged. "Just to let you know, it was the best day of my life," I said sarcastically, ignoring her question altogether.
"You think you can defeat me and my army?" she asked dryly.
I arched an eyebrow. "Truthfully, yes, but that wouldn't be fun, would it now?"
"Then why didn't you come after me and my people? I thought you'd want revenge for the death of your brother."
"Oh, believe me, I do want revenge, but it's not killing you outright, kitten."
She growled, and getting up out of her chair, took a step toward me. "Call me that again, and I'll gut you."
I smirked. "Do forgive me, Shae. I won't call you that again."
"What are you planning?" she hissed, taking another step toward me.
"You think I'd give that away? Sweet Shae, you know better than that." My blood burned as I rushed her. She gave a startled yelp as I slammed her back against the window. Before she could shift, I punched my hand into her chest, and she screamed in outrage. "I'm not going to kill you quite just yet," I growled and bit my wrist. I pulled my hand from her chest and bust the glass behind her. "If you shift, I'm going to kill your right-hand man who is hiding just out of my line of sight." I palmed her forehead and forced her head back. But before I could do anything, a pale hand flashed, and a syringe filled with my own poisonous blood was plunged into Shae's neck.
"Sorry sire, but I couldn't let you have all of the fun," Kira said cheerfully as she withdrew the empty syringe and flicked it into the trash. Shae's cries of outrage turned into a full-blown shriek of pain as my poisonous blood slowly mixed with hers. I released Shae and stared at Kira. "What?" she said defensively.
"I was planning to give her only a drop."
"Yes, a drop, but much more deadly. The one I just injected her with will kill her slowly. She's a shifter, so it will take days, maybe weeks, maybe months." I shrugged and teleported Shae about ten miles from here. If she landed in a fiery pit somewhere, I couldn't care less. On second thought, I'd be very annoyed. "Where did you take her?"
"I don't know," I said and grabbed her before she could fly out the window.
"Damn," Jailyn said from behind me. "Port her back. I have a present for her." I looked at the necromancer and leaned in, inhaling deeply. Under the odor of death magic, I caught the scent of Alaric, and I straightened, smirking.
"So," Sven said from the doorway. "How about we take this to somewhere else like? the Council chamber?" He glanced around my office. "Unless you want your office looking like an explosion has just gone off?"
I nodded and glared at Kira. "Get someone to board this window up," I growled. "And if you value your life, child, you will this time, stay out."
"But."
"Kira!" I snapped and contemplated on shaking her until she came to her senses. "You will not like what is about to go down. Trust me when I say this, you will not like it one bit." Oh, sure, she had seen rogues being decapitated, even had capped a few herself, been in many bloody battles than I'd like, nearly died once or twice, had seen me lose it a thousand times, but she hadn't sat in for a lesson in? true torturing of someone. One day she would, but for now, it was out of the question. "And if you like what remained of my sanity to remain intact, you will for once in your life, listen without having me to compel or command you to obey." I glared down at her, and silence hung between us.
"I will do as you wish, sire," she said softly, a sudden understanding in her eyes. Damn, was it that obvious? I dropped my hand from her and stepped back. Jailyn cleared her throat, and I scowled, watching as Kira reluctantly left the office. With a sigh, I mentally reached for Shae and grabbed her. With a nod to Jailyn, I teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-two

ALYSSA

"Shouldn't we like call this in?" Beside me, Trent let out a miserable sigh. We accidentally stumbled on another werewolf killing scene, and Carlie was about ready to rip every single rogue's head off. The agitated wolf circled the scene, her lip peeled back from her fangs as she growled low in her throat. She was more? stalking than pacing.
"I think the Council is in the middle of something, but?" He sighed and pulled out his phone. "If I get my head ripped off for this, I'm blaming you." I grimaced and nodded as he moved to the other side of the alley. Carlie stopped before me, and I resisted the urge to pat her on the head. The body of the dead wolf was removed an hour ago, but the scent of blood and death still lingered in the air. With one last look around, the white wolf ran into the shadows, and I averted my eyes as she shifted back to human.
"Got anyone to come out?" she growled as Trent came back over to me. He nodded.
"Who did you get a hold of?" I asked.
"He got hold of me," Jailyn said from behind me, and I blinked hard against her hypnotic pull.
"They didn't need you?" Trent asked.
"Not yet," Jailyn said as she closed in on the dark puddle of blood on the pavement. "What do we have here?" She nodded to Carlie, and then inhaled deeply. After hearing what happened when she did that, I instinctively took several steps back. I did not want to be ripped into pieces by some angry souls. Her laugh rang in my head, and I cringed. "Not to worry, young one, I won't release them? yet." I felt the cold wash of death magic, and I shivered.
"What are you going to do?" Carlie asked, taking several steps away from the necromancer.
"I am going to create a shadowed version of the victim." Huh? I thought, confused. "Watch and learn," she said dryly, crouching and placing her hand into the puddle of congealing blood. I shifted nervously, as the magic grew stronger. The sharp odor of death reached my nose, and I held back a yelp as the blood began to? move? Was that even the right word for it? We watched in fascination, as a shadowy form rose from the puddle. Jailyn straightened and nodded to Carlie. "He retains all of his memories, so you may ask him anything."
"How the hell did you do that?" I asked, amazed.
She shrugged. "I will tell you later, but not now." I nodded as she poked the shadow thing in the chest. "And you," she said sweetly. "You will answer every question Carlie asks of you. Is that understood?" The shadow nodded. "Alyssa, come," she finished, holding out her hand to me."
"Where are we going?" I asked slowly and took her outstretched hand. Luckily it was the one freed of blood. Her cold hand closed over mine, and I yelped as she launched us into the sky.
"You," she said a minute later. "Are going to learn how to track."
Wind stung my cheeks as she propelled me through the air. A moment later, she landed us on a rooftop, and before I could ask who I was tracking, Draven, Kaylee, Trinity, Skyler, Corinne, and Kira appeared in front of us. After catching their balances, they all blinked in confusion and looked around. "Take another step back and you'll fall right off," Jailyn said to Trinity and held out her hand. "I am Jailyn. You must be Trinity." Trinity nodded and briefly shook Jailyn's hand. The necromancer repeated the introduction with Kaylee and Draven, and then looked up toward the sky in thought.
"What are we doing here?" Skyler asked in confusion.
Jailyn shook her head. "First, is your sire and his team any closer to finding out who has been killing the pups?" she asked me.
I shrugged. "Not really? Kind of?"
She looked at me blankly. "Please feel free to elaborate on that." I shifted nervously as the other six fledglings all stepped closer to me.
"Well," I said slowly as Jailyn wiped the blood from her hand with a handkerchief. "Every time they find a trail, it goes cold like ten seconds later."
"Magic?"
I nodded. "I thought of witches but?"
"Most of them are in hiding?" she asked dryly.
"You can say that."
She smirked. "You're a witch, why are you not in hiding?"
"Because I know Tristan won't kill me." I pointed to Skyler. "She's still breathing."
"Hey!" Skyler said and glared at me.
I smirked. "Well, you are a witch, half witch, whatever."
"Okay, okay," Jailyn said, sighing. "Tell your sire I want a full report."
"I will," I said, nodding.
"And for the love of all that's unholy, please do not scream."
"What?" Skyler, Corinne, Kira, and I asked in unison.
"You may want to step away from the edge of the roof there, kiddos." I turned and headed to the middle of the roof, or as far from the edge at least.
"What are you going to do?" Kira asked, fidgeting with the NSC wristband on her left wrist.
"You're about to meet my demon."
"Literal demon?" Trinity asked quietly.
"Yes," Jailyn answered, and I sucked in a breath and then cough as the strong smell of sulfur reached me. Black smoke seemed to swirl faster and faster in the air before settling and coalescing into a tiny figure with dark blue scale, two tiny horns, sharp talons, long flickering tail, and glowing red eyes. It hissed at us, until Jailyn let out a low growl of warning that scared even me. "Xorik," she said sweetly. "So nice of you to join us." She held out her hand, and the tiny demon leapt into the air to settle on her arm, talons digging into her skin. "This is Xorik," she said to us. "He's my little spy in the abyss." The demon hissed at her, climbing up her arm and wrapping his tail around her forearm.
"How many demons do you have?" Kira squeaked. "He's not going to eat me is he?"
Jailyn chuckled. "Not unless I tell him to." She stroked the demon on his head. "Now." She bent her head and whispered something in his ear. The demon lifted his head and nodded. A second later, he uncurled himself from her arm and beating his wings, launched himself into the sky. Jailyn watched him go with a worried look before turning her attention back to us. "Kira and Corinne, both of you have a good head start on tracking. Skyler, you're not too bad yourself." We nodded. "I'm going to give you all something, and I want all of you to imprint this scent into your brain." We again nodded. "Kira and Corinne, given who your sire is, you two will be able to separate a specific scent from all the others easily." She pulled a plastic bag from her pocket and handed it to Kira. "This is the scent of the rogue we are hunting. Apparently during the last killing, the werepup managed to bleed the rogue." She apparently grabbed a handful of blood from the scene and dumped it into the bag while no one was paying close attention to her. While I was watching her, I really wasn't watching for something like, pouring a handful of blood into a small zip block plastic bag. "Take a deep inhale and pass it around, and do try not to drink it if you please." Kira nodded and opened the bag. Bracing herself, she brought the bag to her nose and sniffed before inhaling deeply. After a moment, she passed the bag to Skyler who did the same. I was the last to get it, and I cleared my mind before sniffing a couple of times and inhaling. Jailyn nodded as I gave the bag back to her.
"I think we're good to go," said Kira. She looked to me and the others, and we nodded.
"Once Xorik gets back, I'll teleport you to Trent and you'll be off." Just as she finished that sentence, a tiny blur came toward us, and I instinctively ducked. The little demon landed on her shoulder, and he hissed something I couldn't make out in her ear. She nodded. "Trent will actually be the one to instruct you," she said, and a second later, everything went black.

JAILYN

Back in the Council chamber, after teleporting the younglings to Trent, I watched as Shae screamed in outrage. From the looks of it, Adalyn looked like she was having fun taking a blade to Shae's mate, Alaric. The member of the Vampiric Council along with Rebecka, Cailin, Riordan, Casiar, Allia, Violet, Ari, Aisley, Kidian, and Cadan watched impassively as Adalyn gave Alaric the final blow with the silver blade. I winced as his head parted almost easily from his shoulders. Shae, held in a mental hold to the floor by Tristan, let out a bloodcurdling scream. Adalyn threw the knife at Shae, and Tristan plucked it from the air before it could drive deep into her arm. Adalyn let out an irritated huff and backed to the other side of the chamber. Tristan bent, and grabbing a hold of her head, snapped it, killing her instantly. As her spirit rose from her body, my hand shot out and grabbed her before she could float away. For a moment, Shae's spirit looked around, confused. Her eyes focused on me, and after a few seconds, recognition lit up her expression, and she tried to jerk away from me. Without a word to her, I slammed her back into her body, and Tristan was quick to heal her. She gasped and choked as his blood was forced down her throat. "We're not done with you yet," I said sweetly and willed my regular silver blade to drive into her hand, pinning it to the floor. As she shrieked, I stroked Xorik between his wings and crouched, setting the demon down. "How does that feel?" I asked conversationally as she writhed. Tristan pointed a finger at the demon, and with an excited hiss, Xorik bared his fangs and bit Shae on her hand. Tristan bent and scooped the demon up, glaring down at him.
"Did I say you can bite?" he growled. Xorik snorted and snuggled against him. I glowered at the demon and looked down at Shae when she went silent. "If you bite me," Tristan warned the little demon. "Jailyn's pet or not, I will burn you alive. Got it?"
"If you hurt one of my favorite minions, I swear I will send you into oblivion," I said and smirked at the ass. I was still pissed at him for stabbing Casiar. I inwardly sighed and then glared at him. Straightening, I nudged Shae with my foot. "And she's burning up like a furnace." I bent and jerked the blade out, smiling in satisfaction as the fucking bitch let out another long scream. Taylor stepped forward, and I paused in the process of creating a mini fireball.
"Let's take this underground?" she asked. When we remained silent, she grumbled. "The one here. I have a feeling this is going to get very? very? very messy before noon." Elijah nodded, before everything went dark.
As the brief seconds of darkness lifted, I went over to Tristan and took my demon from him. Shae once again fell silent, and I looked around. With Xorik in my arm, my hand once again reached out and grabbed Shae's spirit by her shoulder, preventing her from rising. I felt a cold presence beside me, and I turned my head to find Ian staring at his sire.
"You seriously need to get your head examine," Ian said by way of a greeting. "I suggest you see Dr. Jenkins. I heard he's a good neural surgeon." Tristan sighed, telling me that he heard every word. "Oh, shit, he heard me." Casiar gave him an amuse look. "Well, fuck, could you next time warn me?"
"Where is the fun in that?" Casiar asked and pointed to my hand still on Shae's shoulder. Another figure flickered into existence, and before Ian could so much lay a finger on the shifter, Avery jerked her away from me.
"So good to see you again," he growled, and the silver cord bounding spirit to body stretched taut as he held her to him. He whispered something to her, and across the underground room, Adalyn was rigid, staring at them, or rather, at Avery. I winced and walked over to her. "Are you all right?" I asked softly, putting a hand on her shoulder.
She gulped. "Casiar told me, but?"
"Don't believe it until you see it for yourself?" She nodded. I slowly turned her to face me. "Would you like to talk to him after all this is over?" I asked, staring deep into her eyes. I winced as Shae started up on her shrieking. Adalyn twitched, and I cupped her chin, preventing her from looking away from me.
"I would like that," she said softly.
I nodded. "I will jump you over to the abyss. Please remind me if I happen to forget."
She nodded. "I will, and? thank you."
"Don't thank me. Now, shall we return to the others?" She nodded, and I released her. I flashed to Tristan's side, and I grunted as one of Xorik's talons punctured my hand. I zeroed in on the silver cord and held it together best as I could. Shae continued to scream while several spirits ripped into her, ectoplasmic blood flying into the air, creating mists like filmy curtains around them. Besides Avery and Ian, I had no idea who any of them were. Aisley patted up to me and rubbed against my leg. I looked down at her. Her green eyes met mine, and she flicked her tail at one of the spirits. He was my mate," she said into my mind. I nodded, and she turned, in time to see Shae's head being torn from her shoulders. Too bad she couldn't die again at the state she was in. Casiar let out a piercing whistle, and like flipping off a light switch, all the spirits stepped back from the scattered pieces of Shae. I was so glad I wasn't her at the moment.
"You're kidding me," Violet said, staring around the room. "What if I fuck it up?"
Casiar sighed. "You won't." Grumbling, she reached out her hand toward Shae and muttered something under her breath. Slowly, Shae's spirit was put back together, and I yanked her back to where her body was. With a grunt, Tristan ripped into his wrist, and as I slammed her painfully back into her body, he once again forced his blood down her throat.
"Welcome back to the living, love," Rebecka said dryly.
"Yes," I said. "Welcome back indeed." My hand hot from the mini fireball I've created a split second ago, I tossed it toward Shae. She screamed as the fire burned her leg.
"Mmm, burnt flesh," Tristan said with a sigh.
"Did I ruin your appetite?" I asked him sweetly. He growled in annoyance and bent, his claws lengthening. Putting my foot on Shae's throat, I pushed down until her screams cut off with a gurgle. Xorik jumped from my arms to the floor and gleefully clawed her open. Tristan sank his own claws into her belly and ripped it open, spilling her insides. Aisley let out a yowl, launching herself at Shae and did some clawing and biting of her own. I removed my foot from Shae's neck and leaned down, until my fangs touched her jugular. As blood, organs, and body parts rain down around me, I sank my fangs in deep and ripped out her throat.
"More," Xorik hissed, as Shae died for the third time. Before the spirits could once again rip her into pieces, I let out a long ear-piercing whistle-letting out a chuckle as they all glared at me.
Closing my eyes, I blanked my mind of everything, going deep into myself. As I slowly breathed in and out-feeling the icy cold caress of souls, I opened my eyes and yanked the spirit of Shae to me. Shuddering, I nodded to Tristan, who sighed and ripped into his wrist as I once again, slammed Shae, none to gently back into her body. Cailin whispered something to him I couldn't make out over the wailings in my head. Naked and practically drowning in her own blood, Shae was a writhing mess. "Someone, feel free to create a circle of fire around her," I said. "And make sure she feels the sting of the heat." Flames shot from Adalyn's hand like serpent tongues, and Tristan barely got out of the way. He groaned in pain and flashed to the darkest corner of the room. Inhaling deeply, I unleashed a soul, and it rushed toward Shae, slamming into her, over and over. Every time it did that, its victim felt the excruciating pain of cold, being drained, and shredded from the inside out. The more souls, the more painful it would be. Shae could no longer scream. All that came out of her were occasional gurgles, wheezing, and gasp-like sounds. After a moment, and when she was near death, I pulled the soul away from her, holding it above her as it spun this way and that way. I nodded to Adalyn, and Shae began to burn as the flames closed in on her. Xorik hissed angrily, flying toward me and settling himself on my outstretched hands.
"Is this her last death?" Evelyn asked. "If she turns to ash, she won't have any body to come back to."
I smirked. "Perhaps it is," I said as the flames changed from orange and yellow, to blue and white. After a long minute, the flame slowly died, leaving her entire body horribly burnt, but still intact. "Or perhaps it is not." Shae's spirit let out a shriek, trying to escape Casiar's hold on her, but it was no use as the spirits of her victims once again descended on her. Her body may not have been ash yet, but she was very much dead. I let them have at her for another minute, before letting out another piercing whistle. Reaching out, I grabbed her and slammed her back into her body. This time Tristan didn't halfway heal her as a couple drops of blood trickle down her throat. There was a sudden burst of energy, and in the blink of an eye, a white kitten drenched in blood was in his arms.
"You poor, poor little thing," he whispered in her ear. "As you once again lay on death's doorstep, your army of followers is right at this moment, trying to gain entry to this place. How long do you think my vampires can hold them off, hmm?" At the far side of the underground room was a table, and we followed as Tristan took her to it and dropped her. At the end of the table, Evelyn stood beside a large pot full of-I peeked inside and winced-sizzling oil.
"When did you get that?" I asked her.
"A few minutes ago," she said and shrugged. "As you can see, it's still nice and hot. How long do you think she will last?"
"Shall we find out?" Rebecka asked, picking up the trembling cat and holding her over the pot. "Should I drop you, darling?" she asked sweetly. "Have a nice bath," she said, and holding Shae by her tail, she dropped the cat headfirst into the bubbling, sizzling liquid below. "Let's see how much of her we can salvage after," she finished and leaned casually against the table, watching. I inhaled deeply, and as I exhaled sharply, blocking everything but the cries of tortured souls in my head-a black smoke billowed from my mouth, and I shuddered as I released them. At my mental direct order, the souls dove after the screaming cat. Noticing Casiar watching me, I flashed over to him and sighed.
"You have it from here?" I asked. "Going to see if I can help out upstairs." He nodded as I jerked the spinning soul back to me. Opening my mouth, I inhaled it back to where it belonged. I inwardly let out a groan at the cold sweetness of it. It let out a loud wail before going silent as I blocked it and the rest of its friends out.
"I know there probably won't be anything left of her, but if there is, can we stuff her and mount her on someone's wall?" Evelyn asked, smirking.
"Go for it," I said, nodding. Opening myself to the pull of the abyss, I jumped plane, taking Adalyn with me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-three

LIANA

Outside the Council building was mayhem, as the witches worked furiously to keep the shield and some other spells up. If not, the entirety of California's law enforcement would've been on the scene hours ago. And human authorities and news crews were something we did not want to deal with at the moment, especially when brilliant blinding blue light shot from Davina's hand, incinerating the nearest shifter to her. Shae sure as hell knows how to make it fun, I thought as I grabbed a tigress around her throat and tossed her bodily through the air. She crashed into her companions, breaking their concentration. It was for only a brief moment, but it was enough as Tory ripped her shifter's throat out. With a snarl, she tore off his head and threw it like a basketball at another shifter diving for one of the witch's unguarded back. The witch let out a yelp and jumped aside, and the rest of us had to either dodge or duck the misfired spell. Some of the shifters, too intent on killing, were caught in the blast. I grimaced as they literally got turned inside out. "Gross," Jayr muttered from beside me.
"Holy fuck," Raina, who barely dodged it by a millisecond, gasped and shuddered as the unfortunate shifters slowly fell apart, one organ at a time. The witch in question also shuddered, shaking her hands as if shaking off the remnants of magic.
"That's what you get for breaking my concentration," she grumbled, and after gathering herself and using Cole as cover, she went back to chanting. Overhead, the sky was filled with black clouds, foretelling the incoming of a massive storm. I looked up in amusement. Just the perfect setting for a battle scene, I thought dryly.
"Is this natural?" Elena asked from behind me.
"Is what?"
"The clouds."
I shrugged. "We'll find out in just a few, won't we?"
"If it's not natural, I'm afraid of what will rain down on all of us."
"Pray that it's Mother Nature and not something else," I said and stabbed a shifter in the throat. Gurgling, he jumped back, but I held on, driving him to the blood-soaked ground littered with things I did not want to ponder on, even for a second. As I drove a silver blade into the belly of the shifter under me, lightning flashed, briefly illuminating the bloody, gruesome scene in its brilliance. Thunder split the afternoon air. The clouds parted, as silver sheets of rain began to fall in earnest, pounding the roof and everything else like bullets. It felt more like a hailstorm than just? an ordinary everyday storm.
"Definitely not natural," Elena said as I ripped out the heart of the shifter. Getting up, I stomped on his head just for good measure. Not natural indeed, as another lightning flashed across the sky. What sounded like a loud gunshot going off, we all froze, as Jailyn casually made her way through shifters, vampires, the dead, and the dying.
"It is too bad I didn't get out here sooner," the necromancer said over the pounding of rain, screams, and hisses. "But now that I am here," she continued, addressing the shifters. "My friends are hungry. What you say in me bringing them out to play for a bit? I can promise you all that it will be an experience you all will never. Forget." The hypnotic pull of her voice came out in full force, and I shuddered. Even the witches all took a collective step away from her. Jailyn was not someone anyone wanted to piss off, or go head-to-head with, especially when she held the power of the living and the dead over all of our heads. "Your leader is probably dead by now, so heed my words. Do us all and yourselves a favor and leave. Save yourself. Before it is? too late." One of the shifters launched himself at her, and by god was it a gravest mistake on his part. He was dead before he knew what hit him. Jailyn's eyes glazed over in ecstasy, and she shuddered. "Would anyone else like to try?" she asked, casually stroking the demon that was in her arms.
"Uh," Elena squeaked. "Please, please, please remind me to never. Never. Ever. Piss her off." Yeah, I thought and again, shuddered as what felt like a hundred thousand needles held me in place. Jailyn smiled coldly, and tilting her head slightly, she let out a long sigh.
"You got the good sense not to come at me. But yet?" A low growl escaped her, and as shadowy souls began to writhe around her, someone let out a scream. "You don't know how to back down," she finished and unleashed the souls upon them. It was fewer than the battle to rescue Ian, but it was just as deadly, and scary. She watched the scene unfolding before her for a moment, and then she came over to me, the demon still in her arms.
"You scary, scary son of a bitch," I breathed as she stopped in front of me.
"I try my best not to be," she said dryly as the demon leapt from her and onto a shifter that came too close to where we were standing.
"Try not to be?" Raina asked, wincing as Brynna tore into one of the shifters currently not being ripped apart by an angry soul, hell bent on some kind of revenge.
Jailyn shrugged. "What can I say? I'm just that charming."
I snorted. "So what of Shae? Is she dead?"
She again shrugged. "I'm ninety-nine percent sure that she is. When I jump back to the abyss to get Adalyn, I'll know for sure." She looked around and let out another growl. "Any casualties on our side?"
"No, or at least I don't think so."
"Are any of your children here other than Jordana?" I shook my head. "Sven's?" I again shook my head. She nodded. "Please excuse me for a minute, I'm quite? hungry," she said and jumped into the fray, her fangs bared. One of the witches barely jumped away in time, as a lightning bolt struck where she stood a split second ago.
"Do I even want to know who is causing the downpour?" Sven asked as he stopped at my side. He looked around and nodded to a witch. "Was it one of you?"
She shook her head. "We're too busy trying to keep the shields up," she said, grunting with the effort.
"I can see that," he said dryly.
"I caused the storm," Jailyn said, appearing before us and tossing a drained body into the crowd. "After all, I have the best of both worlds."
"Are you planning to cause a hurricane?"
"Close enough," she growled, and at that, the wind picked up dramatically. She winced as the temperature dropped exponentially. "Did you have to add to my already awesome affects?" she asked someone I couldn't see.
"Well," Evelyn growled. "I couldn't let you have all of the fun now, can I?"
Jailyn grumbled. "I supposed not." She smiled as one of the witches shot a ball of green fire at a shifter grabbing Davina. His head was incinerated, and his body hit the pavement-the gaping hole where his head used to be, still steaming. Davina made a disgusted face as blood and brain matter rained down on her. Jailyn closed her eyes, shuddering. I looked up as Evelyn jumped from the roof, landing in a mess of gore. She looked around, and I took a step back as rage came over her. Sven's arm came around me as Tristan appeared on the top step leading to the parking lot.
"Shit," Sven said, and we both winced as the remaining shifters fell from the sky, doubled over, or froze in mid-lunge-blood vessels probably on the verge of bursting in their heads. Jailyn pulled the souls back to her as Evelyn straightened from her crouch. Tristan stood as still as a statue, not even blinking when a witch began to cough up blood beside him. Davina ran to her, stumbling as the ground began to shake. Jailyn's eyes snapped open, and she looked from Evelyn, to Tristan, and back to Evelyn. Xorik dropped from the sky and flew toward Tristan. The little demon landed on his back and began whispering in his ear. The ground shook more violently, and it took all my willpower to remain standing. Xorik jumped off of Tristan and zoomed toward Jailyn who caught him before he could slam into her. She flashed to one of the shifters who was halfway transformed and cracked his head against the ground like a watermelon.
"You dare," Jailyn said over the rumbling of thunder. "Come here. And try to battle your way inside?" she asked, her voice rising. "You dare. To come here. And wipe us all out? You dare. To come here. To obtain records that are not yours?" My ears rang as she screamed at them. "You dare! To come here! To tip the balances between us all?" I grimaced. "Are! You! All! Fucking! Stupid?" Tristan and Evelyn either were too enraged to speak, or they were just enjoying Jailyn screaming at the shifters. It was the former, as they began to growl low in their throats. She looked at each of them and sneered. "You all disgust me," she finished, and once again let loose the souls on them. There was one last shake of the ground, before Tristan and Evelyn simultaneously launched themselves at the shifters, now trying to make a run for it. One of the fireballs accidentally hit Tristan. He either couldn't feel the pain, or he was so enraged and starving that no pain registered to his brain as he continued knocking them down and ripping into them. Sven gave me a peck on the cheek before letting go of me and jumping into the fight. It was all a blur as more chunks of flesh and body parts went flying through the air. I let out a scream as one of the shifters took Tory's head. Isabelle let out a bloodcurdling scream and launched herself at him-the sounds of bone cracking and snapping filling the air. An angry cat scream also filled the air, as Aisley, Alek, Tavia, Amanda, Cadan, Kidian, Carlie and her wolf pack joined the fight. Through the opened doorway leading into the Council building, I saw more vampires as they filled the reception area. I let out a relieved breath when I didn't see any fledglings amongst them.
"Duck!" Davina yelled, and I automatically did as she said as magic flew over my head. I yanked a shifter to me and buried my fangs into his throat, drinking deeply. Growling, I jerked my fangs out and tossed the drained body at another one. Before I could so much as think about getting up, someone grabbed me and bashed my head into the side of the building. My spine snapped, and I was out.
When I came to, I choked as blood went down my throat. Sven pulled his wrist away, and I coughed, rubbing my head. "How long was I out?"
"Just for a few minutes," Sven growled and pulled me to my feet. "Are you okay?" I nodded as he led me inside. Stopping at the counter, he tapped the bulletproof glass. One of the vampires looked up, and I pointed to the opened door leading into the lounge. "The Council chamber is still being guarded?" Sven asked her.
"Yes sir," she said, nodding. "And there's a group of hunters inside standing guard. The doors leading above and below are also being guarded, as well as the elevators."
Sven nodded. "Very good."
"Is the battle about over?"
"Yes, just about." Someone tapped me on the shoulder, and I turned to find another vampire holding out an ice-cold water bottle to me.
"You look like you could use a drink," he said. I nodded and took the water from him.
"Are you a hunter?" I asked, opening the water bottle and chugging it.
"I am."
"From where, if you don't mind me asking?"
"Ontario, Canada."
"Oh really?" He grunted, glancing out the door where the battle was still waging. "Go on, I won't keep you." With another grunt, he flashed through the hunters and out the door. I nodded to Sven. "You go too. I'm going to check downstairs." With a long sigh, he nodded.
"For all of our sakes, don't bring Jordana up."
I laughed and shoved him toward the door. "Go."
On my way to the elevator, I dropped my empty plastic water bottle into the trash and mentally hit the down button. It opened with a ding, and I stepped inside. The two vampires standing guard nodded to me before the doors slid shut. Sighing, I jabbed b for basement and leaned against the wall. Another ding sounded a minute later, and I stepped out into darkness. Alexander met me halfway across the room, nodding to me. "How are things down here?" I asked as he led me to the prison cells.
"Surprisingly quiet," he said, stopping beside Jordana who was staring off into space.
"She just stares at the prisoners," said Hayley. "Sometimes she plays with them, digging into their minds and flipping through their memories."
I nodded, putting my hand on Jordana's shoulder. "Alexander, you can join them if you like." He nodded and headed for the stairs leading up. "Just stay out of Tristan, Evelyn, and Jailyn's way."
"Will keep that in mind," he said and was gone.
"What about me?" Hayley asked.
"You stay here." She grumbled and leaned against the bars of an empty cell. "Allia will have my head if anything happens to you." She sighed, but nodded. I cupped Jordana's chin, tilting her head back slightly. "Jordana," I said, staring deep into her eyes. She blinked as I gave her a mental nudge.
"Sire," Jordana said blankly and again blinked. "I'm bored." She frowned. "You're covered in blood." She poked a finger into my stomach, and I grunted. "What happened? Did you kill someone?"
I grimaced. "Yes, I did."
She inclined her head and looked toward the ceiling. "It is still going on," she said thoughtfully, and I prayed she wasn't going to ask if she could join. "I'm hungry," she said a minute later and left the cells with me following close behind. Entering another room, she stopped and looked around. Spotting a refrigerator in one corner, she walked over to it and opened it. She blinked at the shelves filled with bags and bags of blood. "Do you feed the prisoners?"
"Yes, but they don't get a full pint, just a small cup."
"I don't like them locked up like this," she said sadly. I winced. "But I understand why they are. They're locked up for the safety of others. Unlike me, they're not locked up to be broken, physically or mentally." She grabbed a blood bag and scowled at it. I inwardly winced and pulled her to me, kicking the refrigerator door shut. She sighed and slowly punctured the bag, sipping at the contents within. "Was it my imagination? Or was there an earthquake earlier?"
"There was an earthquake? so to speak."
She smirked. "Who caused it?"
"I don't know," I said thoughtfully. "It was Jailyn, Tristan, or Evelyn."
"I bet my money on Tristan."
I chuckled. "You're probably right, though it was Jailyn who caused the storm."
She frowned. "So I was right," she said. "The sound of a horn going off calls hunters to arm and?"
"The sound of siren will tell you when the battle is over." She nodded, and we both winced as said siren sounded-ear-piercingly loud, and long.
"Can I go up now?" Hayley asked from the doorway. "Please?"
"Come," I said and led Jordana from the room and toward the elevator. Hayley punched the up button, cringing as the siren continued to sound overhead.
"I'm afraid to see the aftermath," Hayley muttered.
"It's bad, I'll tell you that now." She grunted. "Just don't puke, okay? There's already enough blood seeping into the earth." Jordana drained her bag of blood and crushed the plastic in her hand as a ding sounded. We stepped off the elevator and pushed our way outside.
The smell of blood, smoke, fear, rage, the wounded, and the dead were like a punch to the gut. Talk about sensory overload, I thought and waved Jailyn over. The necromancer appeared before us, and she whispered something to Jordana. A second later, my childe was off running, and I let out a groan, because I knew exactly what she was going to do. Jailyn smirked. "Is there a problem, hunter?" she asked, and then she laughed as I glared at her. She put a hand on my head, and I shuddered as the lingering effect of death magic wrapped around me. "What do you need?"
"Anyone else we know left us?"
"Yes, Byron and?" She frowned in thought. "Preston."
I nodded. "Did Isabelle uh?"
"Did she ask me to bring her sister back? Yes, she did."
"I'm guessing you didn't grant her wish?"
The necromancer sighed and stared off into the distance. She dropped her hand from me and leaned against the wall beside the opened doorway. She pulled me to her other side as more hunters stepped from the building to help with the massive cleanup. "I'm going to ask you something that you will not like." I stiffened. "I want you to think about it for a minute, and I want an honest answer."
I gulped and took in a deep breath of polluted air. "Ask it."
Her unblinking gaze met mine, and I froze as she held me ensnared. And it wasn't compulsion she was using. The feeling of bone-numbing cold settled over me as she placed her pale hands on either side of my head. "Remember," she said, both out loud and into my mind. "I want you to think about it, not react. Think." I nodded mutely. "If you were to lose Sven today, you would want me to bring him back, yes?" I nodded. "What if he doesn't want to be brought back? Will you let him be?"
"If he wishes not to come back to the living, then I'll let him be," I said softly. "No matter of what I think."
Jailyn nodded. "Isabelle wants her sister back, but Tory doesn't wish to return to the living." I nodded. "What I am saying is this. As much as I would like to bring everyone back from the dead, and just as I respect the wishes of the living-I also have to respect the wishes of the dead just the same."
I shuddered and nodded. "I understand."
She nodded, taking a step back from me. "I just wanted you to understand."
I rubbed my arms, shivering. "I do." She grunted, before disappearing in a swirl of smoke and the stink of sulfur.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-four

LORENA

Sighing, and shaking off the clinging effect of magic on my skin, I scanned the battle scene around me in thought. Catching sight of hunters trying to subdue Tristan, I walked over to them. "Can I help?" I asked, holding back a smile as a hunter let out a vicious curse.
"Where's Jailyn?" another asked. "Or Casiar?"
I shrugged. "I don't see them around anywhere." The storm that had been going on for half the day, finally died down to a drizzle. Tristan let out a roar of animalistic rage, and the nearest hunters to him barely got out of the way of his claws and snapping fangs. Sven came out of nowhere, and he jumped on our sire, wrestling him to the ground. Lightning flashed above our heads, causing Tristan to scream in pain. His screams continued, as his body jerked. Glancing over my shoulder, I found Violet holding a ball of shadow. It flew from her hand, and we jumped back from Tristan as it exploded on him. He let out another pained scream as Jailyn, Riordan, and Casiar joined her. Riordan nodded for us to back farther away as the four necromancers converged on him. "Where are you taking him?" I asked.
"Compound," said Jailyn. "We'll meet you there." She looked at me thoughtfully. "Do you need his blood?"
I shook my head. "I'll be good for another few minutes."
She glared at me. "Okay, if I find you crying on the floor, I'm going to be even more pissed off than I already am. Understand?" I nodded and headed back inside. Sven whistled, and putting a hand on my arm, he teleported.
In the compound, I blinked against the bright glare of the overhead lights. Curses, groans, and moans reached my ears as I stared at several tracks of blood leading to the central portion of the compound. Sven's hand, still on my arm, tightened. "Yeah," he said. "It's bad." He let go and looked me up and down. "Speaking of, are you hurt anywhere?" The pain I was doing so great at suppressing for the past minutes, all came back in a rush. Sven growled something I couldn't make out over the ringing in my ears as I groaned. The burning pain on my chest, stomach, and sides felt like someone took a shredder to me. "I'll take that as a yes," Sven said and pulled my ruined shirt and bra off-letting them fall to the blood-streaked floor to join with the other pieces of discarded clothing.
"Fuck, this hurt!" Aisley yelled.
"No shit, Sherlock," Kidian drawled. "Now hold still." Jaw clenched, Sven led me to the others and pushed me into an empty chair.
"Elijah!" Sven yelled. "Get your ass out here!" I looked around, mentally cursing up a storm. Everyone here was either half dressed, or completely naked. Some of them were in the kitchen, pulling out bags after bags of blood and tossing them to whoever needed it the most.
"No need to yell," Elijah growled. "I can hear you perfectly," he said tightly, coming to a stop in front of me. "And your blood is just as strong as hers."
"But there's one problem with that," I gasped.
"Yes," he said dryly, and at that, the lights went out, and the compound fell silent. Elijah sighed.
"We have him bound in shadow at the moment," Jailyn said from behind me. "But it won't hold him for long, especially not when this whole place is filled with the scent of blood, and he is feeling the pain of his children."
Elijah grunted. "Let's chain him up." He disappeared, and Sven grumbled as he held out his wrist to me. Groaning, I took it and sank my fangs in deep. After a minute, I reluctantly pulled back.
"Thanks," I muttered. A cold hand landed on my shoulder, and I looked up to find a starving Elijah staring thoughtfully at me. "What?"
"Come with me," he said tightly. Sven's hand shot out and grabbed hold of my other arm before everything went dark.
A seething, chained to the wall via special silver venom-coated chains, Tristan was the first vampire I saw as we appeared in wherever here was. Sven blinked, because Tristan was completely naked, his skin sizzling wherever the chain touched him. It was also pink, since the dim glow of the light was on. The power strip handcuffs were around his wrists along with the bladed one used to apprehend rogue vampires with. His hunger filled solid white eyes landed on me, and he growled low in his throat. I looked around the small room and found Jailyn holding her hand out toward him and glaring at him. Elijah chuckled, before disappearing into thin air. "Well," Sven said and leaned against the wall. "Why did he bring us here?" His eyes widened, as Bridget appeared in front of us, yelping as she hit the floor hard.
"Ow!" she exclaimed, and then she blinked in confusion. Tristan, who was growling and snarling, went silent and very? very still. So did Jailyn, who stared at Bridget in bewilderment. Her stare switched to Sven, who put up his hands.
"Don't look at me," he said. "It sure as hell wasn't I who teleported her here." Bridget stiffened and looked around. Her eyes widened as she saw Tristan chained to the wall. She just? stared at him. She sat up, her hand going to her neck as his eyes went to her throat, and locked on the pulse that was quickening each second.
"I was on my way to work," Bridget said and glanced at her watch. "I won't be going, will I?" I also glanced at the time. It was five minutes to midnight.
"I," Jailyn said in a deadly tone. "Am going. To kick. Elijah's ass," she finished with a hiss. She looked to me, to Sven, to me, and back to Sven. "I am using all my power to hold him, and if I let him go, he will be on her faster than you can blink. And from the shout of no's he's battering my brain with, I gather that he doesn't want to bite her."
"You're in his mind?" Sven asked and shuddered. Jailyn didn't answer; she just looked at Bridget who was now staring at the chain touching his skin. I couldn't blame her. After all, it was smoking and probably hurt like a motherfucker. Tristan wrenched his gaze from Bridget and let out a long, long groan of misery. Sven stepped between Bridget and our sire. Putting a finger under her chin, he turned her head until she focused on him. "Under better circumstances," he said softly as Bridget's expression went blank. "I like to meet you." He glanced at Jailyn. "Is he going to kill me if I wipe her memory of this incident?" The necromancer shook her head, grunting. Sven returned his attention to Bridget. "You won't remember being teleported or anything after that. Go to work. Nothing happened."
"Nothing happened," she said blankly. With that, he released her, and she vanished into thin air. I felt the first stirring of more pain to come, and it wasn't because of my wounds which were healed, but still sensitive. The chain rattled, and I felt Tristan's focus returning on me. I once again felt the cool hand of a vampire, and Ari stepped up beside me, holding one of my shirts to me. I took it and put it on, grimacing as the fabric touched my wounds. Come here, Tristan growled into my mind, and I yelped as the call of the sire bond slammed into me. I blinked, only to find myself walking to him. I was jerked to a stop before I came in contact with the chains. Sven's hand was also on my shoulder. Tristan's icy cold fingers closed around my wrist, tightening painfully when I tried to pull away. The cold wash of death magic surrounded us, and Jailyn's pale fingers were a blur as she un-cuffed one of his wrists. Without touching the chain herself, she unlocked it. She nodded to Ari who pressed her wrist to his mouth and let out a hiss of pain. She gritted her teeth and instinctively tried to jerk her wrist away, but Tristan's hand flashed, and she yelped as he gripped her arm.
"Go ahead and bite him, Lorena," said Jailyn. I looked at her. She gave me an icy glare as I felt a stabbing pain in my stomach. "Bite him. Or you will be a shrieking mess on the floor in five seconds." A miniature ball of fire appeared in her hand, and she raised it until Tristan jerked, releasing Ari. The necromancer pulled her hand away, flames dancing from finger to finger as she smiled. Tristan released my wrist, and I rubbed it as I leaned into him. Baring my fangs, I sank them into his neck and pulled. I groaned as the pain disappeared and warmth spread through me. After my tenth or so pull, I withdrew my fangs and licked close the wound. I took several steps back as Sven held out his wrist to our sire.
"We have the sixteen mentors ready," he said and winced as fangs stabbed into his wrist. Tristan grunted, as Jailyn unlocked the rest of the chains holding him to the wall. They scraped painfully against the floor and hit the metal box with a loud clang. The necromancer slammed it shut and kicked it across the small room. After a moment, Sven jerked his wrist away, cursing as his flesh tore even more. Licking at it like he was in pain, he put a hand on my arm, and teleported.

TRISTAN

"That is your fifth human," Jailyn said from far, far away. With a mental snarl, I withdrew my fangs and shoved the human away from me. Jailyn's cold hand rested on my upper arm and squeezed gently. "Are you all right?" she asked softly. If I could see anything but red, then perhaps, but it was useless as I tried to blink the red haze away without any success. The loud roar in my ears was my constant companion as I struggled to come back to my senses. My hand was once again cuffed, this time, there were no bladed handcuffs, and my hands were behind my back. Ari appeared on my other side, and putting a hand on me, everything went dark.
"Sit," she whispered in my ear and gently pushed me onto my bed. With Jailyn's help, they got me dressed. I was so going to have a few things to say about this later. Once I could fucking speak and not spit poison that is. Jailyn opened my mini refrigerator and grabbed the remaining four bags of blood. Ari took one from her and came over to me.
"Are we teaming up fledglings with hunters first?" Jailyn asked as I took the blood from Ari. Shaking my head, I bit into the bag and quickly drained it. They waited silently as I finished off my remaining stashes of blood. "Are you all right?" she asked once again. I grudgingly nodded-my red haze of vision no longer as pronounced as it was a second before. God fucking damn it, this was tiresome. It had been since the very fucking beginning. The bed dipped as Ari dropped down beside me while Jailyn remained standing. "I'm guessing you want to know if we lost anyone?" I hesitated for a long minute before reluctantly nodding. During the long battle, I felt three deaths? well, more than three. Vampires were dying all around the world, but the three particular deaths I felt were more painful, and therefore, bound to get my attention. Not only vampires I've directly sired were painful, but if a vampire died nearby, say a few yards or a mile from me, that death was also attention-grabbing, especially when it felt like your head was being torn from your shoulders. I inwardly groaned. God how I wish I could sleep for eternity, away from this craving I struggled with every second of my existence, away from watching the world change as I remain the same, watching people dying left and right-whether it was from starvation, slavery, sickness, or just plain cruelty. How I wish I could get away from all of that, and so, so much more. I wanted nothing more than to curl up into a ball and wish for death. If someone told you that living forever was a grand idea, he or she must be out of their fucking minds. Because five thousand years of existing was fucking torture. Yes, there were good things in my life that I appreciate and still do, but centuries of fighting with your inner beast could be entertaining for only so long. It was also very, very, very boring when you saw everything and experienced all the world had to offer. And yes, I welcome death, and a lot of people wanted me dead. It was either that, or they wanted my powers for themselves. But I was sure as fucking hell not going to just lie down and present my throat and belly to my enemies. I was not going to go down without a god damn fight. "Earth to Tristan." I blinked, registering that someone was slapping my arm. "You in there?" Jailyn drawled. I again blinked and cleared my throat, mentally shaking myself out of my depressing state of mind.
"Sorry," I muttered.
"We've been calling your name for the past minute now," said Ari. "What had you so lost in thought?"
"Nothing," I said and rubbed my temples. "Nothing of importance." They both looked at me. But after a minute, Jailyn shrugged, and Ari gave me the look-the look that said, this-is-far-from-over.
"I was going to tell you who passed on before we lost you," said Jailyn. I nodded. "Byron, Tory, and Preston." Fuck. My. Life, I silently growled as I saw my world in a deeper shade of red.
"Does Trent know?" I asked softly.
She nodded. "I told him the moment he returned."
"I know that Isabelle witnessed the death of her sister. How is she taking it?"
Jailyn sighed. "She's blaming herself." I winced. "Adalyn is with her." I nodded and let out a long sigh. Mentally reaching out and grabbing a hold of both Jailyn and Ari, I teleported to the Council chamber.
Once there, I pulled out a chair and dropped into it. Leaning forward, I rested my elbows on the table in front of me. Luckily no one was in the chamber as I let my forehead hit the table with a thump-my hands smacking the surface. Showing weakness to the entire vampire population, who by the way relied on you to lead them, was a bad, bad image. I inwardly sighed as I dug my fingers into the back of my neck. Jailyn and Ari remained silent as I continue to stay in that position for what seemed like only a few seconds to me, but it was probably more like ten minutes. I didn't have to look up to know that the two vampires, out of a short list of those I trusted the most, were telepathically talking to each other. With a silent groan, I lifted my head and leaned back in my chair. I looked to Jailyn, and really looked at her. She folded her arms under my scrutiny and scowled. "Tell me," I said. "What becomes of Shae?"
"She won't be returning anytime soon," Jailyn growled and gave me one of her creepy smiles that told me Shae was probably suffering in the pit of eternal fire, deep within the bowels of hell.
I nodded and looked up toward the ceiling. "I know this is terrible timing, but when is there ever a good timing," I said and looked back at her. "Did you know your mate petition the Council to have you fill the open spot six months ago?" Ari sucked in a sharp breath, as Jailyn froze where she stood, across the table from me. Silence hung in the air for a long, long time before she took in a deep breath.
"He mentioned I was suited for a spot on the Council," she said slowly.
"Do you agree with his statement?"
She shook her head. "Not really."
I smirked, and she glowered at me. "You know there's a six months evaluation period after petitioning, yes?"
She stiffened. "You fucking assholes!" she spluttered. "You were watching me this whole time?"
"We were."
"And?" she asked slowly, hesitantly. Beside me, Ari wasn't even breathing.
"I know you don't want a place on the Council-" She held up a hand to stop me.
"I know I said that," she said with a sigh. "But hear this. I will do whatever it takes to help out the Council. And said Council has an open spot that needs to be filled. Hell, I'm surprised no one has come forth and petition for the vacated spot." She frowned in thought. "Wait, I take that back, some did, and you're still evaluating."
"We're not," I said. "There were five others apart from you." She pulled out a chair and sat heavily. "According to Elijah, Sven, Ari, Raina, and Trynnadon-one of the Council members, head of the hunters, spies, watchers, and protectors, none showed up to help with the shifter battle today. Or shall I say yesterday." Silence once again hung heavy and thick in the air. It was palpable as it stretched on. And on. The air crackled, as Sven, Raina, and Trynnadon appeared behind Jailyn, who stiffened but didn't turn around. Behind them, Evelyn, Taylor, Elijah, and Casiar also appeared. Shit, I thought. Ari must have sent word out before I could. They all remained silent, as Jailyn and I were locked in a staring contest? so to speak. I leaned forward, and the air practically snapped as I dropped the cloaking that hid my true power from other vampires. It was an instinctive thing to do the older and stronger the vampire became. My siblings and I of course, had to learn how to cloak our auras since the very beginning. Yes, everyone in this chamber felt the magnitude of my powers before, but this time, it was controlled and steady. "Drop yours," I whispered. After a brief hesitation on her part, Jailyn took in a deep breath and unleashed her powers. As her aura clashed with mine, everyone standing was forcibly thrown back. We both winced as heads cracked against the concrete steel wall. Jailyn's hair floated about her head in some unseen wind as souls spun around her in a dizzying speed. Her eyes flashed white, and I smiled as I felt the full impact of what she could do. The temperature dropped even more as frost began to form on the table. We both knew we had more to what we were displaying at the moment, but anymore of this would bring the whole building down on our heads. Jailyn leaned forward, and never breaking eye contact with me, she smirked and clasped my hand.
"Did I pass?" she asked, and I blinked at the hypnotic tone of her voice. Still clasping my hand in hers, she leaned back and laughed. I chuckled and unsheathed a blade with my other hand. "By the way, you lost the staring contest."
"I didn't think we were having such a contest," I said dryly. She shrugged, and her hand tightened as I set the blade on the table. "You were great out there," I said. "I might have not been all there during most of the battle, but I didn't miss the fact that you took charge, and did so flawlessly." She went still, holding her breath. "Yes, we lost a few of our own, but you didn't let that divert you from laying it in hard on the shifters." She swallowed, hard. "You are the most powerful necromancer I am honored to call my friend, my sister, my kin, and one of whom I can rely on to kick my ass back to my senses if need be." A goblet was set on the table, and I raised our arms as Elijah slid it under our clasped hands. "I would like for you to join us as we set the terms for the sixteen fledglings," I continued. "And for whatever we face next." I looked deep into her unblinking eyes. "Jailyn Tronis, will you take the vacated Council seat, and become a permanent member of the Vampiric Council?"
She squeezed my hand painfully, and I thought she was going to break every bone in it. "I will," she whispered, low enough for only me to hear. I arched an eyebrow at her. She glared at me and let out a huff. "I will take it," she said louder.
"Better," I said and handed my blade to Ari. "Take out your blade, necromancer." She unsheathed one and handed it to Casiar who appeared beside her. I inwardly winced as unseen force held our hands tighter. If I decided to take a closer look at it, I'd find shadows bounding us together.
"As you bleed into this goblet, and in front of these witnesses," Elijah said, unrolling a scroll that appeared in his hand. "Jailyn, you will say the following: JAG, Jailyn Tronis, inte kommer att frrda eller vilseleda. Jag kommer inte med eller konspirerar bakom rdets tillbaka. Jag kommer inte frskingra eller lmna ut uppgifter som inte r fr allmnhetens ga eller ra. JAG kommer att tjna det rdet s gott jag kan. JAG kommer att ge mitt liv och skydd till alla som r helig. Jag ger mitt ord att hlla fred mellan rdet och resten av vampyr. Fr om jag inte i mitt uppdrag; rttvisa skall behandlas p mig tiofalt. Hr p ut, min lojalitet till rdet, till gemenskapen. JAG kommer att skydda vad som r mitt, och det ddar mig till slut blir det s." Casiar and Ari held the blades above our hand as Elijah stepped up to Jailyn's other side. She nodded to something he said, and as Elijah held the scroll in front of her and counted down, the blades simultaneously sliced through my hand and Jailyn's in a painful slash. Blood slowly filled the goblet as the blades cut deeper. After each statement Jailyn repeated to the entire chamber, the burning of the binding became more and more painful-so much so that I had to grit my teeth to not pull away. I also had to grip Jailyn's hand tighter as the blades fell, creating another deep slash. When the binding was complete, Jailyn jerked her hand from mine and let out a groan. Casiar set down his blade, and Taylor took the goblet of blood-taking the first swallow. It was passed on to Evelyn, Elijah, Jailyn, and then me. I took it from her and swallowed the remaining blood. I shuddered as my entire body tingled. Ari's arms came around me, and I leaned against her.
"Welcome to the world of? fun," I said to Jailyn, and I smirked as she of course, glared at me. "Please, be back here at nightfall," I finished, as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-five

SKYLER

"Hit her harder," I said to Corinne.
"How about not?"
"Sire," I said and turned to find her standing in Corinne's living room.
"Skyler," Ari said, walking over with Tristan at her side. I stared at his bloody hand as he left her and went into the kitchen, a stream of Swedish-I assumed-profanities flying from his mouth as his skin began to blister. I heard the water turning on, and I gave my sire a questioning look.
"What happened to him?" Corinne asked and punched the rogue we were holding captive in the face. She grabbed her head and bashed it against the wall, knocking her out.
"I'll tell you later," Ari said and dropped onto the couch behind her. "And please, stop abusing your guest." Draven chuckled and sat on the bottom step of the stairs as Corinne flashed to all the windows and closed the curtains.
"Corinne," Tristan growled from the kitchen.
"Yes?"
"Come here." Grumbling, she stepped away from the bloody rogue and walked into her kitchen.
"Who do you have here?" Ari asked me.
I shrugged. "I think she's the one telling her little friends to kill the wolves."
Ari's eyes flashed, and I almost took a step back. "Really?" she growled.
"I don't know that for sure. That is why Corinne is beating the shit out of her. She hadn't said a word since we got here."
She nodded and looked around the living room. "Where is Kira?"
"She went out hunting with Kaylee and Trinity."
"How long ago did they leave?"
"Like five minutes ago," Corinne answered, entering the living room with her sire.
"Mmm," Tristan said thoughtfully. "Where did you get the handcuffs?" he asked, staring at the rogue as if she was going to become his lunch in a minute.
"Kira stole them from your room," I said, biting my lip to keep from smiling.
"Did she now?" I nodded. He sighed and looked up toward the ceiling. After a moment, he returned his focus on the rogue. Suddenly the temperature in the house dropped a few degrees. I shivered, folding my arms and sitting on the edge of the couch as Tristan's eyes narrowed dangerously. He closed in on the rogue, and I winced as blood began to trickle from the corners of her eyes. She let out a scream, spitting and hissing. "I believe it is time we've met," Tristan growled softly. "But first?" He dragged a chair over with his foot and nodded to it. "Draven, if you please?" With an evil smirk, Draven got up and flashed to the rogue, pulling her none too gently to her feet and pushing her into the chair. Tristan opened his mouth to say something, but snapped it shut as strands of shadow snaked around the rogue, binding her to the chair. "Riordan," he growled in annoyance. The rogue glanced down at the shadows and went paler than pale if it was possible. I looked around and found the necromancer standing with Allia in the archway between the living room and the front door.
"Forgive our intrusion," Allia said as Riordan walked over to stand behind the rogue.
"What is it?" Ari asked, getting to her feet. The doorbell rang, and we all looked to the front door. Draven flashed past Allia to open it. The door wasn't even opened two inches before it was shoved open all the way and shut again with a loud, loud slam. Draven let out a pained choked sound as he was slammed up against the wall by a very angry Jordana. I heard something snapped in Draven's neck, and my hand went up to my own like I could protect it.
"I," Jordana growled. "Don't. Know. You," she finished in a soft hiss. Her fingers broke through the flesh, and blood bubbled from the wounds to create a slow, steady stream to the floor. "Who. Are. You?" she whispered in his ear, letting up the pressure on his neck-enough for him to gasp in air.
"You are fucking insane," Draven gasped, and Tristan was a blur as he flashed to them and locked his hands around Jordana's wrists, preventing her from popping Draven's head from his shoulders. Jordana let out a snarl, and I yelped as she headbutted Draven in the face, breaking his nose and knocking him out in the process. She laughed as Tristan uncurled her fingers from Draven's neck.
"Yes, yes I'm insane," she said, still laughing. "I'm fucking insane." Tristan pulled her back against him, leading her to one of the couches. Without any prompting from him, she sat, and he barely got out of her way before she could kick him. "I'm insane enough to eat your insides, stupid vampire," she hissed, and I was a little glad that Draven wasn't awake to hear her. Corinne muttered something under her breath and went over to the, "stupid vampire", and picked him up.
"I'll be back," she said and disappeared up the stairs. Jordana waved her hand in front of her face and let out a sigh.
"Did you come here for something, Dana?" Ari finally asked.
"Aisley wanted to know something," she said blankly and frowned. "But I don't remember. I was too busy thinking about snapping her pretty little kitty neck and draining her." She scowled and smacked her palm against the side of her head, over and over. "Stupid brain," she said to herself. "Stupid, stupid brain." Allia cleared her throat and nodded to Riordan, who wrapped an arm around the rogue's neck and snapped it.
"Damn it," said Corinne. "I wanted to be the one to break her neck."
"Why have you come?" Tristan asked.
"Evelyn is having a-" Tristan was gone before Allia could finish the sentence. "Vision," she muttered.
Jordana stopped smacking herself upside the head and stared at Allia. "A vision?"
"Yes."
"What did she see?"
"We do not know as of yet." She looked to Ari. "Riordan and I must go."
Ari nodded. "Go on, I'll keep watch here." Allia nodded, before she vanished with Riordan into thin air. I got up and walked over to the rogue, no longer bound by shadows.
"Jordana, you remember what Aisley wanted you to tell us yet?" Ari asked.
"No," she said with a sigh. "Sorry," she grumbled, not sounding sorry one bit.
"Oh, look," said Corinne. "Kira and the others are back. If Kira has chocolate on her, I'm going to kill her."
I laughed. "It will be interesting to see who will win."
"My money is on Cor," Jordana said and giggled. "Kira is so high on chocolate she won't notice her heart is missing from her chest until it is too late."
"Jordana!" Corinne exclaimed.
"What?" Jordana asked innocently. "It's true. Is it not?" There was a groan from the rogue, and I kicked the chair from under her, smirking when she let out a gasp of pain as she hit the floor. The front door opened, and I inhaled the wonderful cool air blowing through the opening as Kira, Kaylee, and Trinity came in, closing the door behind them. Kira had a brown paper bag in her hand, and Corinne eyed it suspiciously.
"Did we miss something?" Kaylee asked.
Corinne held her hand out for the bag. "Give."
"No way," Kira said and flashed into the kitchen. Jordana inhaled deeply. Gasping, she jumped from the couch and flashed after Kira.
"She has fucking hot wings, and she wasn't going to fucking share with the rest of us," Jordana screeched.
"I was so to going to share," Kira spluttered as I entered, Kaylee and Trinity following behind.
"Draven!" I yelled. "If you're awake, get down here!"
"While you guys are enjoying your chicken," said Ari. "I'll see what I can get out of our friend here, shall I?"
"You do that," I said and grabbed the bag from the counter. "Would you like some?"
"Sure," my sire said slowly.
"Here," Trinity said quietly. "Let me." I nodded and handed the wings to her. I pulled out a chair at the table and sat as she served us. I looked around and found Jordana sticking her head in the refrigerator, looking for something. A few seconds later, she came out with a bottle of ranch. Kicking the fridge shut, she came over and slammed the dressing on the table. A paper plate of wings along with a bottle of water was put in front of me. Retracting my fangs, I dug in without waiting for the others. Draven walked into the kitchen, and I stiffened, praying he wouldn't provoke Jordana, or Jordana wouldn't fly off the handle and actually kill him this time. Corinne pointed to the refrigerator.
"Bottom shelf," she said and ripped off a piece of chicken. In the living room, the rogue let out another scream.
"Jordana," I said and cleared my throat. "Why were you angry when Draven opened the door to let you in? I'm just curious."
Jordana scowled as she chewed and swallowed. "I?" She bit her bottom lip in thought. "I don't remember." I nodded, and I wanted to laugh at the fact that here we were, eating hot wings, while Ari was bleeding the rogue in the living room.
"Don't burn down my house!" Corinne yelled as smoke reached us a few minutes later, as well as the bloodcurdling scream that soon followed. "I don't have any fireproof walls or anything like that you know."
"Ah," Ari said with a satisfied sigh. "Here we go."
"Ari," Corinne groaned.
"I heard you, kiddo." Corinne grumbled. "Careful," Ari continued. "Keep struggling and you'll find yourself missing a hand or two. Then again, what do I care? Oh wait, I do." Wincing, I unscrewed the cap of my water bottle and took a long drink. Ari let out a growl, and the screams suddenly cut off with a gurgle. "Tell me what I want to know. Or? I'll let Jordana have you. And trust me; you don't want to be dealing with her." I dropped my last wing onto Trinity's plate and took my own to the trash by the sink.
"You will have to kill me first," the rogue hissed.
"Hey," I said, water bottle in my hand as I walked back into the living room. "She talks."
"That she does," Ari growled, and then smirked. Blood streamed from the rogue's multiple opened wounds, adding to the huge pool that was already on the floor. I sipped my water as my sire leaned in and cupped the rogue's chin to prevent her from looking away. The others joined me, and we waited silently as Ari did whatever she was doing. "So many deaths," my sire said conversationally. "I wonder if I'll find what I'm looking for." The rogue smiled, and my hands itched to punch her in the mouth. Or at the very least, pull out her fangs just to see if she'll be smiling then. Ari straightened, still smirking. "Go ahead and smile, because you won't be in a minute." We heard the opening of the front door, and I looked to find Alyssa entering.
"You're just in time," Kira said cheerfully.
"In time for what?" Alyssa asked slowly, closing the door and blocking out the setting sun. Before either of us could answer, we let out a collective gasp and doubled over. I set down my water on the floor and pressed my hands into my stomach. It felt like a livewire went off inside me, and the after effects were still sending off sparks. I squeezed my eyes shut and tried not to moan out loud. Someone was screaming, as someone else wheezed for breath. The feeling of imminent doom lessen enough that I could stand upright and not fall on my face if the strange part pain and part tingle persisted much longer. I did however; fall on my ass in exasperation, a bit of fear, and what-the-fuck crossing my mind as I opened my eyes and saw who had joined us. Ari pulled a screaming Jordana into her arms and was saying something to her I couldn't make out. I picked up my water bottle and got up, casually walked over to a couch and sat. I choked on my own saliva as Jailyn reached out for the rogue, stopping her from crawling to the door.
"Let me help you out," the necromancer said and ripped out the rogue's spinal cord. Everyone but Ari, Jordana, and Tristan either sat or stood rooted to the spot, waiting. Jailyn looked at the spinal column in her hand in thought, and then shrugged, throwing it aside. She knelt and reached into the rogue's back. I couldn't see what she was doing, nor did I want to in the first place. "Let me start off by saying that I am in a very, very, very bad mood." Tristan nodded to Ari, who vanished with Jordana. He came over and dropped down beside me, an evil glint in his eyes. The powerful waves of energy coming off of him told me exactly who caused the feeling of impending doom earlier.
"What did you do to her?" I whispered, low enough for only him to hear.
"Who says I did anything?" he replied.
"You're enjoying this."
He shrugged and leaned back on the couch. "Just watch and enjoy the show."
"Too bad we don't have popcorn," I muttered and returned my attention to Jailyn and the rogue. My hands twitched in nearness to Tristan, and I really hoped he didn't notice how uncomfortable I was.
"Painful, isn't it?" Jailyn asked.
"Why can't the rogue respond?" I asked Tristan a few seconds later when all that came out of the rogue was a whistling sound.
"I tore out her throat while you were busy staring at the floor." I winced, shuttering.
"I'll give you one chance to answer," said Jailyn. "If you tell me the truth, I'll kill you fast, but if you continue to remain silent or lie, I'll give you to Tristan, and we'll kill you slowly." She leaned down. "I hope you pick the latter," she whispered. "Because his appetite is insatiable, more so than yours if I have to say so myself." She glanced at Tristan, who remained silent and still. Jailyn sat back from the rogue and shrugged. "So, were you, or were you not the one leading the killing spree of werepups?" She nudged the rogue's head with her foot. "Uh ah, I think about what I say next, if I were you." Kira and Corinne came over and plopped down beside me, and I held my breath as Jailyn let out a long sigh. "I just remembered Carlie wanting something from this." She looked to Tristan and shrugged. "Should we bring her here?"
"Hmm," Tristan said thoughtfully. With a disgusted sound, he pulled out his phone and tapped something on the screen, putting it to his ear. "I know exactly what she is going to ask for, and I'm half the mind to not give her what she wants." I heard four rings on the other end of the line before Carlie answered with a growl of annoyance. "The feeling is mutual," Tristan said dryly.
"Vampire," she said in greeting.
"Wolf." I bit my lip to keep from smirking. Jailyn gave him a get-on-with-it gesture, and he scowled at her. "I have the vampire responsible for killing your precious pups. What I'm wondering is, should I be the one to kill her. Or should I give her to you. What do you think?" he finished in a hiss.
"She's mine!" Carlie snarled, and Tristan laughed chillingly. I involuntarily scooted away from him as the red vanished from his eyes. He ended the call, and a moment later, a snarling white wolf was in front of us. Tristan flashed to his feet, and he was a blur as he intercepted the wolf as she launched herself at the rogue. A split second later, a naked woman with shoulder-length blonde hair and pale blue eyes took place of the wolf. She crouched and snarled up at Tristan. "I have the right to kill her," she hissed.
"I agree," he growled. "But she is one of mine. Would you give up one of your own to one of mine so readily?"
She hesitated. "No, but that is not here nor there." She glanced at the rogue and growled. "Heal her, and then she'll have a chance to die honorably. If she draws first blood, she's yours." She bared her teeth and grimaced. "But if I draw first blood, she's mine."
Tristan glared down at her, and then narrowed his eyes in thought. "What of your pack, don't they have to be here as witnesses?"
"Yes, but you didn't give me a chance to call them, did you?"
He smirked. "That I did not." He sighed and glanced to Jailyn who shrugged. Rubbing his temple, he gave a slight nod. Carlie once again glance at the rogue and let out a long whistle.
"That spine is going to be a bitch to regrow. I almost feel sorry for you," she said sweetly before putting her hands on the floor and shifting back to a wolf. With another sigh, Tristan walked to the rogue and kicked her onto her er? what was left of her back. He dropped down beside her and held out a hand to Jailyn. The necromancer pulled out a pair of handcuffs and dropped them onto his palm. Grumbling under his breath, he cuffed the rogue and stared deeply into her eyes.
"When the pain starts," he said, rolling her. "You will remain still as you are, and not scream, mentally or otherwise. No matter how much you really, really. Want to. Is that understood?" I shivered as he leaned down and licked at the gaping wound in her neck. Then he brought his wrist to his mouth and tore it open. The bleeding wrist was pressed to her mouth faster than I could blink. The already charged air in the living room became even more charged, and I shifted nervously as Carlie growled and paced in agitated circles. Tristan continued to pour his blood down the rogue's throat, and the pool of blood on the floor grew larger by the second. After a long minute, he pulled back and got up as Jailyn took his place. He stopped before Carlie and inclined his head. "Since she is now getting much needed blood in her, the regeneration process is going to be very slow. And very? painful. Yes, gather your pack, and have them ready to go by tomorrow night." He grunted. "Midnight it is," he growled, and she was gone.
"Wow," Corinne said with a heavy sigh. "My poor, poor living room floor." We all just? stared at her. "What?" she said defensively. "It's going to take me years to get rid of all this blood. Hell, I could probably fill up a fucking swimming pool."
Tristan chuckled. "Please do let us know how that turns out. Won't you?"
She sighed. "Next time we think of kidnapping someone," she said, staring up at the ceiling. "I'll suggest an opened field in the middle of nowhere," she grumbled and closed her eyes in thought.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-six

VIVIANA

It felt like someone was scraping the inside of my stomach raw with a serrated knife. And that someone? Had no thought of stopping anytime soon. The gnawing pain of hunger was all I could think about as I sat, curled up into a tight ball against the wall of my cell. How long had I been down here? Weeks? Months? Years? Did I even want to know? Did I even care? I let out a moan, and then I froze as I felt someone outside my cell door. I stopped breathing altogether. No one ever came down here unless it was to give each of us a small plastic cup of warm fresh blood every other day, or to lock someone else up. Well, that was usually the case until-has it been a couple of days ago-when a few vampires came down here for some reason. We were told to keep silent unless we wanted to die a painful death. None of us made a sound all right. Not even when a horn sounded a few minutes after their arrival. Or like that one time when my heart went into overdrive for no apparent reason as someone did a walkthrough and decided to give me a heart attack by entering my cell. He fed me a cup of his blood which was by the way, heaven within itself. He also up my level of fear a notch when he confirmed he was a Council member. I couldn't remember much about that night. All I remembered was him, the blood, and the feeling of humiliation. I inwardly shuddered and kept my eyes closed, waiting for whatever was to come in the next few seconds. I still didn't move or make a sound as I heard the painful scrape of the door being unlocked and open. "We both know that you're really not asleep," a female voice said dryly. "Get up." I opened my eyes and blinked at the wall. Did she say get up, or was that just my imagination? She sighed, and I mentally shook myself. Groaning, I uncurled from my position onto my hands and knees. Taking a deep breath, I slowly got up and turned to face her. "My name is Liana, and I would like for you to turn around." She glanced behind her as I did as she said. "All of you as well," she continued. "Stand up and face the wall with your hands behind your back," she finished as I felt the cold cuff snapping around my wrist. I stiffened and winced as something bit into my skin. The other cuff snapped around my other wrist, and I felt a hand on my shoulder, turning me around. My skin crawled as I saw more vampires appearing outside my cell. What was going on? I thought as she led me out of my own cell. The door slammed with a resounding boom, and I shivered as the whole situation reminded me of a show called Lock Up. The steel on steel was painful to my ears, and I grimaced as I came to a stop in the middle of an empty room. The only exit I saw were the one leading back to the cells, the elevator, and a closed door that led somewhere. I wanted to ask what was going on, but at the moment, I still valued my life. My inmates joined me, and every one of them was cuffed and had a scary-looking vampire behind them. "Sven, we good to go?" the one behind me asked.
"We are," a male voice replied.
"Are we doing this the short way?"
"No, we're doing this the long way." The hell were they talking about? I thought as what sounded like an intercom beep going off. "We're ready to go," Sven said to whoever was waiting on the other end.
"Good," another female voice replied. "Turn them to face the camera."
"Are you serious?"
"Do it," she warned. "I'm just doing my job here." Sven sighed, but nodded. Liana turned me to face the closed door, and it suddenly felt like a thousand eyes were trained on me. "All accounted for," the female voice said a few seconds later.
"Yes," Sven said dryly. "Tell Tristan to do his thing so we can go up."
"Tell me that yourself," a deep voice growled.
"Oh, hey sire, how's it going?" In answer, a female robotic voice said, "Lockdown initiated for the next twelve hours." There was a loud boom, and the entire building shook slightly.
"If any of you are claustrophobic," Tristan said over the intercom. "I am truly sorry."
"Sorry my ass," Liana muttered before everything went dark. An evil laugh sounded in my head as the air became harder and harder to breathe. I let out a gasp, and when I couldn't hear myself or anything else, I began to struggle. Everything felt numb as I made contact with something or someone. Shit, what the hell was happening to me? The slight pressure in my head I hadn't noticed earlier became more pronounced as I continued struggling to get free of? whatever this was. Relax, Tristan whispered into my mind. Just? relax. He must be out of his ever-loving fucking mind, I mentally yelled. I couldn't see, hear anything but him in my head, and I could barely feel anything. And he wanted me to fucking relax. Yeah, out of his fucking mind. Just as sudden as my vision and hearing went away, it came back to me in a rush. I staggered, and Liana released me, letting me painfully hit the floor in an awkward heap. My other inmates also hit the floor cursing, groaning, moaning, gasping, or all of the above.
"Un-cuff them," another female voice said, and I lifted my head to find her sitting at a table with four others. "And give them some? refreshments. They look? quite hungry."
"How many pints?" one of the vampires near us asked.
"Four pints each shall do," Tristan growled. "We need them to be able to think? shall I say, clearly?" he asked and chuckled. The cuffs around my wrists popped open, and I was able to push myself into a sitting position.
Looking around, I could see that we were in a huge darkened room of some kind, with high ceiling, concrete walls, a table in the center, and in the middle of the floor, I could see a drain. A small bin with a closed lid was put in front of me, and I actually let out a whimper as I picked it up and snapped off the lid. Inside were four clear plastic bags of blood, and from the heat that was wafting from the container, it was nice and hot, if not warm. Salivating, I reached for one of the bags, only to growl in frustration when my hand came to a stop on its own, just inches from touching it. My hungry gaze was jerked from the red liquid, and I found myself staring into pitched black eyes. My vision blurred, and I couldn't turn my head or blink to clear it. "Don't make a mess," she said out loud and into my mind. "For once, drink like civilized vampires." I blinked, and I could've sworn I saw writhing shadows behind her as I settled my gaze back on the blood. Taking the hot bag of blood in hand, I brought it to my mouth and sank my fangs into it, drinking it like it was a juice box when all I wanted to do was rip into the bags and gulp down the blood like there was no tomorrow. As I drained the bag and reached for another one, I watched the five vampires sitting at the table. "Oh, by the way, my name is Jailyn, and I just compelled all of you to do as I wish. If you're still clinging on to your moral sensibility and have a problem with what I've just done, please do see me after this session is adjourned," she said with a cold smile. Uh uh, I thought. Forget about what I think or don't think, living was sounding like a good idea by the second. Yes, living was good? very good. Shaking my head, I finished my second bag and reached for a third.
"Hunters," Tristan said over the sound of crinkling bags. "You may leave if you like." Hunters? I thought, and my eyes widened as Sven, Liana, and another female hunter shook their heads while the rest either pushed the double doors open and filed out, or went behind the heavy black curtains blocking the back portion of the room from us. What did he mean by hunters? "I mean exactly that," he said, and I yelped as he looked directly at me. "Their main job is to hunt rogue vampires." I swallowed my last mouthful of blood and stared at the empty bags, wanting more. "I didn't catch your name when we? first met. Then again, you were not as lucid as you are now."
"Viviana," I mumbled. In my peripheral vision, I saw him nodding. I wanted to ask if I could have more blood, but? I mentally shrugged and set the bin on the floor. Hoping I wasn't going to be drained, kicked, punched, gutted, stabbed, shot, or bitten, I slowly got to my feet. Wait, do vampires eat each other? Oh god, that sounded so wrong, on so many levels. Tristan leaned back in his chair, and laughed. Jailyn looked at him like he'd lost it completely, and then smirked. He leaned in and whispered something in her ear even my heighten hearing couldn't pick up on. And shit, he was reading my mind. Were they all reading my mind? Talk about the lack of privacy, I silently muttered to myself.
"Yes," Tristan said dryly. "We're reading your minds, or rather? I am." He scanned the room and nodded to someone behind me. "I believe they are satisfied? for now." Liana picked up my bin of empty bags, going around and collecting the others as Tristan rose from his chair. He came around the table, hands in his pockets. "Do you know where you all are?" We shook our heads, and he smirked. "Good, if you did, I might just have to kill you where you stand," he said, his voice turning into a growl toward the end, causing my skin to prickle in alarm.
"You're in the chamber of the Council," someone else said before he could continue. I stiffened, and hoped tonight wasn't going to be my last.
He sighed. "Would you like to take over, Evelyn?" someone I presumed to be Evelyn, got up and rounded the table to his side. She gave him a hard look. "What?" he asked, glaring at her.
"Go and sit," she said, glaring right back at him. Her eyes narrowed when he didn't move. She leaned in and whispered something I couldn't hear.
"Such a pity," he growled and slowly went back to his seat.
"I am Evelyn," she said, returning her attention to us. "Though we don't usually give out introductions, I'm going to anyways." She nodded to Tristan. "That is Tristan as some of you already know." She took in a deep breath, letting it out in a heavy sigh. "That is Jailyn, Elijah, and Taylor," she continued, nodding to each one of them. "If you all survive this night, you can do what you all do best, which is of course, gossiping away about how insane and evil the Council members are."
"That is such an understatement of the century if I ever heard one," Jailyn muttered.
"Evelyn," Tristan growled. "Let's not feed them possible ideas just yet. Let's skip the nicety and get to it. Shall we?"

SATHIA

The purple surrounding of the abyss was? let's just say, why did it have to be purple? Why can't it be red? Or Green? How about just plain old grey for fuck sake? The abyss was a carbon copy of the living world. The only difference was the fact that the buildings here were all a crumbling pile of ruins, and this realm was inhabited by spirits-mostly confused spirits who wandered aimlessly with nowhere to go, and no sense of directions. And some spirits stuck around for whatever reason. Anyone with the ability to jump plane could come and go as they like. Usually people with this ability, were necromancers, and a powerful one at that. This was the in between, not hell. Because if it was hell, you had to fight to stay alive. Not that the abyss was any different. Here, you had to run away from hungry spirits. Here, time either moved slow, or fast, or the same. Hell, this place had a mind of its own. And the only way to tell time was if you were attuned with it. Like the vampires and their internal clockwork thing they had going on. Shaking my head, I dug a talon into the black pillar beside me and let out a hiss of annoyance. Waiting for Xorik was like waiting for a child stuck neck deep in displays of colorful wrappers and different smells of a shop filled with everything candy. Why Jailyn liked him, I had no idea. The necromancer he was tracking for the past months was doing a mighty fucking job staying off the radar. What was it that he had in motion? To go through all lengths in keeping himself off the grid told me that he had something planned, and something big. The skittering of pebbles on black asphalt sounded off to my right, and I turned as a tiny creature scuttled toward me and stopped just out of reach. Xorik huffed out a breath, and red sparks flew from his mouth, briefly showering the area with tiny dancing flames. "What did you find?" I hissed and spat acid on the ground where it sizzled briefly before eating through it.
"I think I'm on to him," Xorik lisped, his tail whipping through the air in agitation.
"You said that countless times before," I growled. "What has changed?"
"I was eavesdropping on a group of necromancers."
I stiffened. "And?"
The red glow in his eyes seemed to glow brighter as he gave an evil grin. "They said something about drowning the world in blood and fire."
"Nothing new there," I hissed. "The vampires and shifters have been doing that for thousands of years and counting."
He shrugged. "That may be true. But in this one, all the humans along with vampires, shifters, and witches will die if this necromancer gets his way." I smirked as I mentally did a high-five with the devil. We demons love blood, chaos and destruction, and I wasn't any different. The more blood spilled? The better. Then I let out a sigh. I was fine being bound to Jailyn, but being controlled by a group of power-hungry necromancers was not in my book, especially when I didn't know shit about them to begin with. I knew Jailyn before she became a vampire, and that was four thousand years longer than these fuckers. "Shall I continue my? spying?" He looked around the desolate place nervously, tail curling about himself.
"Is Jailyn summoning you?" I asked.
"No, no. Just making sure she's not here."
I smirked. "You don't want to tell her what you've told me a few seconds ago. Is that it?"
He snorted. "Fine, you tell her, and see if she sets you on fire."
"She did not set you on fire," I said dryly.
"How would you know?" he asked. "You weren't there. I may be a demon who breathes fire, but it still hurts when you're the center of the flame's focus." I shook my head as he spread his wings and launched himself into the air.
"We're not that easy to kill you know."
"You want to test out that theory? She was going to stab me with that glowing blade. And you know if that thing goes through my heart, I am toast. I think I prefer decapitation," he muttered, and then let out a screech, almost falling as Jailyn appeared between us. I couldn't help it; I smiled as he righted himself and stared guiltily at her. "Mistress," he said cheerfully. "It is so good to see you."
Jailyn inclined her head and looked at him curiously. "Did you forget to tell me something before I'd sent you away?" she asked suspiciously.
"I didn't forget to tell you anything. What makes you think such?"
She put up a finger and frowned. "One, you addressed me as mistress, and you only do that when you've done something wrong, or think I'm going to not like what you have to tell me." She put up another finger. "And two, you are as nervous as a skittish rabbit." She dropped her hand, shaking her head. "So," she said with a heavy sigh. "Are you going to tell me?"
"What is there to tell?" he asked evasively, looking anywhere but at her. When she remained silent, he glanced at her, his wings beating the air faster in his nervousness. "How was the Council meeting? Is it over?"
Her lips twitched. "No, it is not over yet. There's a thirty-minute break." He let out a squeak as she snatched him from the air. "And don't you change the subject on me," she warned. "Tell me little demon, or I swear I will drop you in a pentagram and hold you prisoner for a century. How long do you think you'll last before you go insane? Hmm?"
"No circle," Xorik hissed. "No square, no tri-okay okay," he squeaked as Jailyn growled low in her throat. As he continued, telling her what he told me, the red in Jailyn's eyes slowly faded.
"They didn't say anything else?" she asked softly.
Xorik shook his head. "They went back to reading and muttering and? normal stuff." He blinked, as if remembering something. "There were witches with them."
"What?" Jailyn and I growled.
Jailyn stared off into the distance, her eyes unfocused. "This just gets better and better. Doesn't it?" she growled to herself. Sighing, she set Xorik on the ground. "I want you to find out more about what they're trying to do." Xorik nodded as she turned to look at me. "And Sathia, I would like you to join him."
I grunted. "Of course."
"If you find yourself in danger, call me. Is that understood?"
"Yes," Xorik and I said in unison. Nodding and giving us one last hard look, she disappeared in a swirl of frigid air.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-seven

JORDANA

"Jordana, stanna hr," Tristan whispered to me as we stood in the trees that opened into a clearing. The night air was chilly-signaling the oncoming of winter. Sven reached out and put a hand on me, preventing me from walking out.
"Jag vill spela med valp," I hissed.
"Nej," Tristan growled. "Du vet mycket vl att vi inte leka med valpar."
I turned to him and scowled. "Jag kan inte ta hjrnor, spdbarn, vad kan jag inte gra?" I asked, pouting. "Jag kan inte dda skurkar. Jag r uttrkad."
"Jag sger att du inte kan dda skurkar?"
"Du har inte fr," I said and slapped Sven's hand away. "Du hll mig i kllaren med dessa idioter." I bared my fangs at him. "Jag ville dda. Varfr kan du inte lta mig dda?" I asked, my voice rising above a whisper. Beside me, Liana let out a sigh. "och varfr r vi viskar? De vet att vi r hr." I went over to one of the trees and kicked at it, causing the branches to sway in the breeze. "Och varfr talar vi pa Svenska och inte Engelska?" I glared at the grassy ground. "Det hr r efterblivna," I complained, still kicking at the tree. Tristan looked up toward the sky and took in a deep breath, letting it out slowly. "Inga barn," I muttered to myself. "Inka hjrnor." I sighed. "Just stab me in the heart and be done with it already. This is hopeless. Hopeless I tell you." Sven sighed and walked over to me. Pulling me away from the tree I was trying to kick to death, He wrapped his arms around me, scowling.
"Are you trying to hurt yourself?" he asked. "Or the tree?"
I went limp in his arms, letting out a groan. "Hopeless," I said with a miserable sigh.
"You know we don't like it when you talk like that."
"Who is we?"
"All of us here."
I struggled, and he let me pull away from him. "Speak for yourself," I said and laughed. "I wanted to die the moment the sire bond was broken between us two hundred years ago." Not now, he silently pleaded in my head. Not here. "I can't believe I didn't fight harder when I sent Stellar home," I continued, ignoring him. Liana made a sound at the back of her throat, and I held my breath.
"They took you by surprise," Liana said softly, putting a hand on me, tightening her grip on my upper arm as I tried to jerk away.
"I wasn't paying attention," I hissed and growled. "Let me go." She shook her head, and I let out another growl. "Let. Me. Go." When she still didn't let me go, I turned and punched her. I meant to punch her in the face, but she turned her head. Grunting and with her free hand, she rubbed her bleeding ear. "Let me go!" I yelled and jerked away from her. Liana growled, and I jumped back before she could grab me.
"Enough," Sven said, flashing between us. I crouched, baring my fangs.
"They are waiting," Tristan said tightly, and I yelped as his cold hand grabbed me and pulled me to my feet. His grip tightened painfully, and I winced as he dragged me from the trees. For once, I didn't try to kick, punch, or bite him. Sven and Liana flanked him as we appeared on the edge of the clearing. Brynna stepped from the shadows and took her position behind us. Out there somewhere, I knew that Jailyn and the others were nearby, alert and on guard for anything and everything. Remain silent, Tristan growled into my mind. And behave. I glared at him as he released me and stepped further into the clearing where a bunch of shifters were silently waiting. They were not in their wolf form, but some were completely naked while the others barely had clothes on. In the center of the clearing, bound in silver venom-coated chains, her hands cuffed in power-strip handcuffs, was a rogue vampire. She grimaced in pain, even with her clothes protecting her bare skin from coming in full contact with the chains.
"Is that all of you?" Carlie asked, stepping from the line of shifters and into the clearing. She and Tristan stopped by the rogue, who let out a hiss.
"Yes," Tristan said, giving the rogue a look that shut her up instantly.
"Hmm," she said thoughtfully. "I thought you'd bring the whole entourage with you."
"Is there to be trouble before dawn?"
"Of course not."
He grunted. "These are some of my best hunters."
Carlie looked at me. "Except for her, correct? She is not a hunter."
"Correct," he said grudgingly.
"Shall we get started?"
"We shall."
She waved a tall brunette over. "Since I am a part of this, my second in command will take over. She knows everything I know. And if you hurt her, I will take it out of your hide." The brunette glared at her.
Tristan chuckled. "Noted."
"Eliza," the brunette, Eliza said, holding out her hand to him. Tristan stared at it for a long minute before taking her hand in his. It was more of a slap and grab than a handshake. I almost giggled out loud? almost.
"Tristan," he growled, and Carlie snapped her fingers as Eliza met his gaze. Tristan again chuckled and took a step back. Eliza winced and quickly looked at the ground.
"You remember what we spoke of last night?" she asked him.
He stared at her, his eyes narrowing. "I wasn't born yesterday, sweetheart."
"I was just checking. And I'm not your sweetheart."
He smirked. "Good." Huffing, she got on all fours before shifting into a wolf.
Eliza shifted nervously and cleared her throat. "We gather here tonight to?" I silently groaned and quickly tuned her out. I was so glad I wasn't a part of any forms of politic. Even if I still like to be in the know with everything that was, or is going on. Someone put a finger on my shoulder, and I looked over to find Brynna scowling at me.
"Are you paying attention?" she asked, low enough for only us to hear.
I shook my head. "These formal introductions we go through bore me to tears," I said, just as soft.
She grunted. "I understand, but you still need to pay attention."
I frowned. "No I don't."
She sighed. "Fine, I'll let you know when the fight begins."
"I don't think you have to," I said, glancing back at the clearing where Eliza was saying something about not helping the combatants.
"If Carlie gets first blood," said Eliza. "It's a fight to the death. If?" She paused, looking at Tristan and then to the rogue. "Bitch here gets first blood, she is Tristan's." Carlie let out a growl, glaring at the rogue vampire, but not getting too close because of the silver. "We all agree?" she asked. There were some grumblings, some mutterings, but all and all, they nodded, be it reluctantly. Eliza gave Tristan a questioning look. He so didn't look happy, but he gave the slightest of a nod. She stepped back into the line of shifters as Tristan walked back to where we were. Without another word, he faced the clearing and glared daggers at the rogue. A moment later, the chains flew off of her and into his outstretched hand. He let out a snarl as it began to sizzle in contact with his skin. I thought the rest of the chains were going to smack him in the head, but instead, they hit the ground with a clinking thud. The cuffs around the rogue's wrists snapped open, and that too, flew into his hand. Tristan shook it, and the chain fell to the ground. Breathing in and out slowly, he shoved the pair of handcuffs into his pocket and rubbed his fingers against the burning wound. His eyes never left the rogue as she slowly rose to her feet. The moment she was upright, she and Carlie began to circle each other.
"If I were to? slaughter them all, do you think she will forgive me?" Tristan asked, peering into the shadows. Sven let out a choked sound, shaking his head.
"Who is this she you are referring to?" Brynna asked, smirking. "If you're referring to Carlie, it is more than likely that she wouldn't forgive you."
"Mmm," he said thoughtfully and then sighed. He let out a piercing whistle that rattled my eardrums, and then the fight was on.
Carlie let out a snarl and launched herself at the rogue. The rogue-what the fuck was her name-bared her fangs and dodged the claws aiming for her throat. Our side remained silent, as the shifters let out an angry roar. The rogue continued to dodge as the wolf made a great effort to slice her open with one of those deadly claws. I frowned at Tristan. "Can the rogue read her mind?" I asked as Carlie was tossed into the air by some invisible force. The wolf yelped, spinning around in midair and going for the rogue's throat. It took some effort getting there, but the rogue let out a hiss and dodged. But she wasn't fast enough this time as Carlie's claw opened a small wound in the rogue's neck. The watching shifters cheered, and I grimaced.
"Damn," said Sven. "We should've trained her first."
Brynna made a disgusted sound at the back of her throat and gave him a look that said, I-think-I-should-kill-you-now. "If we were to train her, and you put me in charge of that training, I'd kill her myself." Now that first blood was drawn, the two combatants went at each other, forgoing any thought of defending themselves.
"To answer your question, Dana," Tristan finally said, glancing at me. "No, I've blocked her from being able to mind read." I nodded, turning from the fight and staring off into the darkness beyond. I felt eyes on me, but I ignored the feeling and walked back into the trees. Light bulbs were going off in my head as the sound of battle faded into background noise.
The scent of blood filled my nose, and my mouth watered as I stopped before a broken branch. Picking it up, I snapped it in two and tossed the pieces aside. Head down and with no destination in mind, I continued walking. I don't know how long I've walked for, but I pretty soon found myself standing on a bridge overlooking a river. I frowned. How did I get here? And where was here? I silently thought and leaned against the railing, peering into the river below. Closing my eyes and head pounding painfully, I pressed my fingers into my closed eyelids and let out a huff. I felt someone behind me, and from the stink of days old blood, I knew it was a wandering rogue on a hunt. Seriously, where the hell was I? "Are you one of us?" a gruff voice asked.
I opened my eyes and slowly turned and stared down at him. "Do I," I said slowly and softly. "Look like. One of you?"
He took a step back, his eye widening. "I heard about you," he breathed. "You're the insane one everyone is talking about." My eyes narrowed, and he put up his hands, backing up until the railing prevented him from falling into the water. "Listen, join us, and you can have whatever you want. Besides, you don't have to put up with those Council jackasses."
I smiled. "Don't I?"
"You can have all the humans you want. There's plenty to choose from. Listen, what's your favorite blood type?" he asked, talking faster in his obvious nervousness.
"I like B," I said. "B negative. What about it?" He waved to someone I couldn't see. A moment later, another rogue walked up to us, and I sucked in a sharp breath. In her arms was a sleeping baby boy. I broke out in a cold sweat as she pulled out a pocket knife and pricked him in the finger. No, I thought as the sweet blood filled all my senses. No, no, no.
"It's not B negative, but they all smell the same no matter the blood type. Do you agree?"
"We heard you like babies," the female one said, licking the droplet of blood from the tiny infant's finger before offering him to me. "Have a taste." I took him from her and cradle him in my arms.
"Who told you I like babies?" I asked, gasping-every muscle in my neck tightening as I resisted the urge to bury my fangs in the tiny human.
"No one," the male one said and shrugged. "We heard it from another vampire who heard it from another vampire and so on. You have no idea how fast news spreads." No fucking shit, I silently snarled. "I don't know, maybe this particular vampire heard you screaming for babies or something." He again shrugged. I began to tremble as my mouth continued to build up saliva. "What are you waiting for? It's just the three of us." These idiots were fucking tripping on mushrooms, I thought, turning and walking off the bridge with them following. No longer on the bridge and back on solid ground, I dropped down on my ass and let out a moan-not giving a fuck that I was displaying my weakness to these fuckers. I knew as devil as my witness that we were not, alone. If the two rogues standing over me for once pulled their heads out of their asses just for a second, they'd know that for themselves. But no, they were too focused on me, waiting to see what I'd do next. If this precious little baby wasn't taken away from me soon, they just might get their wish. I lowered the baby onto my lap and breathing raggedly, I looked up at them.
"Why are you doing this?" I finally asked.
"We want you to join us," the female said and looked around. "Admit it, we got a better deal." I mentally snorted. Yes, I could drain whoever I like when I was with them, but my life would be shortened exponentially.
"I," I said tightly. "Know that already you fucking morons," I snapped. "My question is why, you fucking dumb asses." At this, they both took several steps away from me.
"We believe you'll be better off with us."
"I will? Why do I fucking find that hard to fucking believe?" I picked up the baby and growled. "And you assumed that this child will help me make up my mind?" I will not throw the baby at them? I will not throw the baby at them? I repeated over and over to myself as I glared daggers at the two brainless fucknuts. What the fuck were they thinking? This was the second time they've tried to recruit me into their so-called fuck-the-Council-six-ways-to-Sunday circle. I shook my head, jaw clenched as I looked down at the baby I was holding. I jerked my gaze away and glanced back up at the two rogues. Slowly getting to my feet, I looked them deep in the eyes and smiled as their expressions went blank. "Do me a huge favor," I whispered, swallowing. "Stay where you are. And whatever happens next, keep quiet and do nothing. Is that clear? Or do I have to spell it out for you?" I raised my hand as they opened their mouths to speak. "Shut the fuck up. I have a headache." Hugging the baby to me and literally dying inside, I turned and walked into the shadows.
Stopping behind a tree, I turned and leaned against it, wanting to cry. Whether it was for myself, for the baby I miraculously didn't eat, or just for no apparent reason, I had no fucking idea anymore. I stared at the small sleeping form in my trembling arms and wondered if he'd have a home to go to. Because I'd bet a million dollars that his parents were no longer alive. A cool hand rested on my arm, and I stiffened. "Give me the baby, sweetheart," Liana said softly.
"I can't," I said, moaning. "I can't. I'm so hungry. I'm so fucking hungry."
"I know," she said gently. "That is why you need to give me the baby. You don't want to eat the baby, do you?"
"You know the answer to that."
"Well, you don't want to hurt him now that you have him in your arms, do you?" My brain said yes, but my heart said no. Wait, do I even have a heart anymore? Oh fuck it. "Will you allow me to take him from you?" she asked and slowly reached out with her other hand. When I didn't bite her head off, she took him from me. As the sun came up, pinking the sky, I let out an anguish scream. Turning, I ran back to the rogues and grabbed the male by the throat, throwing him to the ground and pounding his head into it. Blood flew into the air as the skull cracked open. I continued to pound on his head, until it was nothing more than a bloody pulp on the pavement. I punched my hand into his chest and ripped out his heart, squeezing the organ until it was nothing more than a sticky bloody mess. Heaving for breath, I flashed to my feet and launched myself at the female. Snarling, I ripped out her throat and tore off her head, dropping it to the ground and stomping on it. After a few more seconds of this, I stopped and throwing my head back, I let out a shriek. Cursing, I flashed back to the tree and bashed my head into it, causing my forehead to bleed. I welcomed the pain as I punched the living shit out of it. Someone grabbed my wrists and forced them behind my back as I struggled. An arm pressed against my throat, and I grunted, blinking blood from my eyes.
"That's enough, Dana," Ari said softly in my ear. "That's enough."
"I'm hungry," I screeched.
"Is it blood you want?"
"Yes," I hissed. "Yes, yes. And not one of those lame ass blood bags."
"Okay," she said, releasing me only to pull me into her arms and holding me tightly against her. "Okay, we'll get a human for you." I let out another moan and squeezed my eyes shut, wishing the ground would just open up and swallow me whole. "Come on," she whispered, and I felt the teleportation taking affect.
"What of the battle?" I asked miserably. "Is it over?"
"It is," she said, releasing me. I opened my eyes and dropped to the floor, drawing my knees up and wrapping my arms around them. "Carlie won," she continued as I began to rock back and forth.
"Why are the stupid fucking rogues trying to bring me to their side?" I asked as hot tears pricked my eyes. "Why?" I hissed and snarled. "Why? And who the fuck told them I like babies?"
"I don't know," Ari said gently. "I don't know." Fuuuuck, I silently moaned and allowed myself to slip away. Because reality at the moment? Just fucking bites.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-eight

TRISTAN

Leaning on my desk and looking for all the world relaxed when for a fact, I could hear her heart pounding a million miles per second. Davina stared at me, though not directly meeting my eyes. "I have something for you," she said and straightened. The sun was just setting outside, and not five minutes alone in my damn office, there was a knock on my door. I opened it to find her standing in my doorway, waiting to be invited in. So now here she was. "And you better appreciate your mate even more after I give this to you."
I stiffened. "What?" I asked, frowning.
She smirked. "She didn't tell you, did she?" she asked, slipping her hand into her bag of magical trinkets she was carrying. Grimacing, she pulled out a necklace and dropped it onto my desk in front of me-or to be more precise, on my keyboard. I just? stared at it. It was a thin platinum chain inlaid with silver, and hanging from it was a circle sunstone pendant. I didn't need to pick it up to know that it was imbued with magic-I could feel the tingle caused by the energy rolling off of it. "If you wear that, it will protect you from light completely, but not so much with the sun. I figure you don't go out in sunlight much if you don't have to."
"You figure right," I muttered.
"It will protect you to the point where you won't blister. You know that I can't have it protect you completely from both."
I grunted. "Tell me that it can be removed," I said and glanced at her.
"It can." Ariella, I mentally yelled. Get your sweet ass to me now. There was a whisper of a stir in the air, as Ari appeared beside me. Davina sucked in a sharp breath and grumbled something like, "argh, how about a little warning?"
"Davina," Ari said in surprised as her gaze fell on the necklace. "Pretty," she said and picked it up. "You should wear it, Tristan," she said conversationally.
"I," I said tightly. "Am going to throttle everyone in this room."
"No, no need for violence."
I growled. "Violence is my nature, dear." I picked up a pen and looked at it in thought-the urge to stab someone with this writing utensil was sounding like a wonderful idea by the second.
Ari cleared her throat and glanced at the black pen in my hand. "What are you planning to do with that?" she asked suspiciously.
Mentally counting down from one thousand, I glared at the witch. "What did you ask for in return?" If she replied with blood, I was going to see how far I could shove this pen into her jugular before it broke into two.
She shrugged. "Don't worry, I didn't ask for her blood if that's what you're worried about."
I smirked. "I am beginning to think you can read minds, witch."
She snorted. "I don't need to read your mind to figure it out. I know you vampires. Besides, I want nowhere near your thoughts." I tapped a finger on the pen, and she glanced at it nervously. Yes, it was just a pen. But a pen could be deadly? if you knew how to use it correctly, that is. "Lithium blade," she said a second later. "That is what I asked for." I glanced at Ari, who nodded.
"Jailyn has the blade as we speak." She dangled the necklace and looked at me. "Want me to put this on you?" I eyed the magical jewelry, shaking my head. What had my world come to? This had to be hell, because reality couldn't hate me this much. "Oh, come on, it's not that bad." I glowered at her. "Please?" I leaned back in my chair and stared up at the ceiling. The office door opened, and Jailyn entered, looking back and forth between me, Ari, and the witch. She quickly closed the door behind her and leaned on it, waiting. Ari put a hand on my arm, and I sighed, knowing that she wasn't going to give up unless I gave in. "Please?" she repeated. "It is really not that bad. Come on, wear it for me?" No, she did not just pull that card on me. She did not just? grrr. Someone please put me out of my misery. For the love of god, please? I let out a groan of defeat, and by her satisfied smirk, she knew that she had won the battle.
"Just put it on him," said Davina. "There's no clasp or anything like that." Ari nodded, and a moment later, I shuddered as I felt the cool chain around my neck and the warm caress of magic washing over me. She dropped the pendant under my shirt and grunted, nodding. "Should we test it?" I shook my head, and she again nodded.
"Do you have it?" I growled, sitting up straighter and looking toward the door where Jailyn was smirking in amusement.
"If you are referring to the lithium blade," the necromancer said dryly. "Yes, I have it. Would you like me to show and tell?"
"Please," I said just as dryly. "Do enlighten us all."
Shaking her head, she pulled out the said blade from somewhere on her person and held it up for all to see. "Would you like me to continue telling you how this works, and how valuable? this is to the witches?"
"No," I said, exasperated as Ari snatched the blade from her hand.
"Shame, I was about to slip into story mode," she said as a narrow long silver box appeared in her hand, and she handed this to Ari. Ari set the box down on the desk and opened it. Unfolding a dark blue cloth to reveal a white plush lining, she placed the blade in the center of the depression and folded the cloth back over it. Closing the box, she held it out to Davina, who carefully took it and slipped it into her bag.
"Thank you," the witch said and glanced at the door, as if anxious to leave my presence.
"Planning to leave so soon?" I asked, smirking.
Jailyn gave an evil smile. "Skyler won't be happy to know we had a visitor and said visitor didn't stay for dinner."
"Dinner?" Ari asked, confused.
Jailyn laughed. "Yes, an actual dinner, with steaks, mash potatoes, biscuits, fresh strawberries, and wine." We all just stared at her in bewilderment.
"I'm sorry, come again?"
"And the children are insisting that we all be there." She opened the door and stepped out. "And oh, there is one rule."
"I don't even want to know," Ari muttered under her breath.
"No weapons, no biting, no blood. We're going to be strictly human for one night." With a shit-eating grin, she left. It will begin in half an hour, she said into my head. Don't be late, she continued, laughing. I am so going to enjoy myself tonight. She mentally finished and was gone.
"Pinch me," I said to no one in particular. This must be a fucking dream. It had to be. I was going to strangle whoever came up with this? marvelous idea. I closed my eyes and wished that today was over and done with. "Bring Sven and Brynna to me," I said with a heavy sigh.
"You got it," Ari said as I felt her and Davina leaving.
Opening my eyes, I slid the wireless keyboard to the side. Setting down my pen, I got up and walked to the window. Pulling the curtains aside, I mentally unlocked the window and pushed it open, taking in deep breaths of the cold night air. I had no idea how long I stood there, but the sudden glare of light startled me back to reality. I glared out the window, but didn't turn around as Sven stopped behind me. Apparently the necklace around my neck worked, because I felt no stinging pain as the light came on. "Well, damn," Brynna grumbled. "I was hoping that it didn't work so I could kill the fucking witch." She sighed dramatically. "I don't get to have fun anymore."
"Stop bitching," Sven grumbled, and then cursed as the scent of blood filled the air. "You're fucking insane," he hissed. I slowly turned from the window and glared at them both.
"Put," I growled. "That. Blade. Away. Now." With a sigh, she sheathed the blade she was holding.
"Did you call us here for something, sire?"
"Walk with me," I said and teleported, taking them with me.
Outside the Council building, I looked up toward the sky and inwardly groaned. Mentally shaking myself, I took the steps up to the parking lot and started walking in a random direction. "Did you pick a fledgling?" I finally asked as they kept pace with me.
"Yes," Sven said as Brynna nodded.
"What about the rest of the hunters, do they have their fledglings?"
Brynna nodded. "I made sure each hunter had a fledgling."
"Good. Now, are you both all right with leading this?" I scowled, searching for the correct word.
"Training?" Sven offered. "Mentorship?" I grunted. "I'm all for leading them."
"Same," said Brynna.
"Good, I don't have to assign someone else," I said, stopping on the corner of Ashton and Jefferson Avenue. I leaned casually against the signpost and discreetly looked around. Cars past by on the streets, but no one else was near. "I am putting Ari with you two. I didn't address this when the Council was in session, but Evelyn and Jailyn thought it would be a great idea to have them be spies."
"You mean spying on the rogues?" Brynna asked. "Undercover?"
"Yes. But in order to be a proper spy, they must learn how to defend themselves and kill without thinking twice if need be." They nodded.
"What if not all want to become spies for the Council?" Sven asked.
I smirked. "Oh," I said dryly. "I think they all will."
He chuckled, nodding knowingly. "Ah, I see," he said as I felt a rogue silently closing in on us. She came to an abrupt stop thirty feet off to my left and swallowed.
"You're the Council," she said, loud enough for us to hear. Sven and Brynna shook their heads while I just stood there, giving no indication that I had heard. I could see the hairs on her arms standing on end, and she hadn't fed for days-her hunger punching me in the guts. I was a little surprised to see that she was clean. Her long reddish-brown hair and pale skin were not greasy, no dried blood on the corners of her mouth, chin, neck, under her fingernails, or in her hair. Her clothes were also clean-freshly washed and not rumpled-looking or stained with weeks old blood. The only way I knew that she was a rogue was her eyes. They were hunger-filled and wild-looking. I could have mistaken her as a civilian, if I didn't know better. Interesting, I thought as I slipped into her mind. Of course, the first thing I saw was blood. "Hunters then?"
"Who is asking? Sven asked, not looking at her. Brynna casually slipped her hand into her pocket, and I knew it was wrapped around the hilt of a blade.
"Calista."
"What can we do for you, Calista?"
"Kill me." Both Sven and Brynna blinked at that, and I smiled as I slipped from her head. She had forgone feeding until she couldn't stand it any longer. Then she would kill mercilessly-having no sense of herself whatsoever.
"I'm sorry, but what did you say?"
Rubbing her arm, she walked over to us, stopping beside me. "Kill me," she repeated. A split second later, a blade was flipping end-over-end. It struck her in the chest and into her heart.
"My pleasure," Brynna said as I growled low in my throat. Gurgling, Calista wrapped her hand around the hilt and yanked it out with a pained gasp. Jaw clenched, I took the blade from her. Brynna snatched her weapon back as I took the rogue into my arms and pressed my mouth to her jugular.
"Tell me something," I growled. "Why do you want them to kill you?"
"Do you need a reason?" she wheezed. "I'm a rogue."
I pulled back and chuckled. "No, we don't," I said and narrowed my eyes on her. "No rogue ever asked to be killed. I was just curious is all." My brain demanding that I drained her, I inhaled deeply and inwardly groaned as I shoved the rogue toward Sven. He dragged the rogue away from me and the streets, disappearing into the shadows. "Take care of them," I said to Brynna, nodding to the few humans that were getting out of their cars. Grumbling under her breath, she walked over to them, reassuring them that everything was under control and that no one was dead. The last part wasn't true of course, but they didn't need to know that. If I had to deal with freaked out humans at the moment, I'd more likely kill them than comfort them. One of the humans ran past Brynna, and I shook my head as she tried to stop the blonde.
"She was a rogue, wasn't she?" the human asked, stopping in front of me.
My eyes narrowed. "Excuse me?"
"The one that got stabbed in the chest, she's a rogue vampire, right?"
"Who are you?"
She cleared her throat and shifted nervously. "Sorry," she said, glancing at the ground. "Sorry, I'm Tabitha, Tabitha Henlie."
"Ah," I said, trying very hard not to lunge for her pretty neck. "Do you perhaps have a daughter name Skyler?"
"Yes, Skyler is my daughter." She looked up at me. "How is she? We kept in contact, but I haven't seen her since?"
"You don't need to continue," I said, holding out my hand to her. "It is a pleasure to meet you, I am Tristan." Tabitha took my cold hand into her warm one and shook. The warmth from her hand practically seeped into my skin, and I gritted my teeth. It was all I could do not to pull her close and sink my fangs into the side of her neck. For one, Skyler would kick my ass, and two, I didn't want her to run away screaming afterwards. Sven and Brynna joined us, and Sven came to stand close to my side, hand on my shoulder.
"Pleasure to meet you, too," Tabitha said as I slowly withdrew my hand from hers.
"Skyler is doing very well."
She nodded. "Good. That is good," she said and then frowned. "She's not in danger, is she? She wouldn't tell me anything when we talk over the phone or through email."
"She is fine," I said, inwardly wincing. "She has a very, very good sire who will do anything and everything to keep her from harm."
"Okay, but-"
"Mrs. Henlie, look at me." Tabitha looked into my eyes, and smiling, I let my compulsion wash over her. "It was nice meeting you, Tabitha. Your daughter is doing very well, and as much as I love for you to stick around, you must go. Get back into your car and go home. I will be sure to have Skyler give you a call." I reached out and gently turned her away from me. "Go now, and may we meet again, soon." Releasing her, I watched as she walked back to her car, got in, and drove off. After a long moment of silence, Sven removed his hand from my shoulder and stepped in front of me.
"I took care of her," he said and glared at Brynna. "Next time, don't stab someone out in public."
Brynna snorted. "Like you haven't before." I put up a hand, shutting them both up.
"Sven, how is Jordana?"
A pained look cross his eyes before it was gone. "She is better," he said grimly. "In better, I mean she's no longer curled up in a corner, beating herself." He grimaced. "Oh, you know what I mean." He sighed, rubbing his temple. "I can't believe she stopped herself from killing the baby. For a moment there, I thought she was going to lose it. I'm just glad she was able to take out her anger on the two rogues."
"Indeed," I said, nodding. "And what of Hannah Sulli?"
"I have a few hunters patrolling her neighborhood. I've also informed Trynnadon to keep a lookout as well."
"Very good. Now then, shall we head back? According to Jailyn, Skyler made us dinner."
"I heard about that," Brynna said as I stepped away from the post and started walking.
Back at Council HQ, we hit the elevator down to the compound. The moment we reached it, the smell of food hit us. Shaking my head, wondering how in the world it came to this, we stepped out, and I raised my hand to cover my eyes from the bright glare of the lights. We followed the sound of voices to the central part of the entire compound. Dropping my hand, I looked to find a bunch of vampires sitting or standing around a table full of food and drinks. "If I leave now, do you think they will forgive me?" I said to Brynna, low enough for only her to hear. In answer, she pointed to Ari who was looking right at me. "Damn," I muttered.
"Nice try," she said, laughing as she went to join Vaelin, Lorena, and Violet. Letting out a long, long suffering sigh, I went over to Ari, Sven, Liana, and Jordana. I dropped down on the couch beside Jordana, who was picking at her steak and staring unseeingly in front of her.
"Here," Ari said, handing a plate to me. I glanced at the contents, and my mouth watered even more at the sight of blood. "I told Skyler to cook yours extra rare." Setting the plate on my lap, I picked up my knife and fork and grudgingly began to eat? or tried to as my fangs continued to pop out. I sighed as Ari laughed. Forcing my fangs to stay sheathed for more than five seconds, I methodically ate. The sound of voices, silverwares hitting plates, ice clinking against glasses, I blocked them all out as I concentrated on keeping myself in the right frame of mind. After a few more bites, I set my plate on the table in front of me and turned to Jordana who was still picking at her food. I took the fork from her hand and stabbed a bite size piece of steak and prodded her mouth with it.
"Open," I growled. Her mouth opened slightly, and I forced the food in. "Chew it." Glaring at me, she slowly chewed the food, probably not really tasting what she was eating. Liana took the plate away as I dropped the fork onto it.
"This is so not going to work," she said, smirking.
"I've already gathered that much," I said dryly and got up. Jordana's eyes snapped to focus, she jumped up, grabbing me a split second before I teleported.
In my residential home, I led Jordana to the couch and sat her down. She still didn't say anything as I entered my kitchen and for the refrigerator. Opening it, I grabbed a couple of blood bags and reentered my living room. Sitting down beside Jordana, I handed one to her. For once she didn't complain as she ripped into the bag, growling as I punctured my own. As I sipped at the cold contents of the bag, I stared up at the ceiling, wondering what tomorrow would bring, wondering if Jordana would ever be sane again, wondering if the world would ever be the same. Because according to Evelyn's vision, it was more likely that we would all be dead when it was all said and done.


* * * * * *



Epilogue Four Months Later

JAILYN

Alone in my office for the time being, I stared at my computer screen, scowling. I had no idea what I was reading or what I was supposed to do. This is so not my thing, I thought as I put the computer to sleep. Before I could even think about getting up, my office door burst open, and Sathia-in human form-flew in, gasping. Highly alarmed by this, I watched as she hit the carpeted floor on her knees in front of me. "Mistress," she hissed. "Please forgive me, but I came as soon as I could get away."
"Sathia," I said. "What is it?"
She bowed her head. "I found out what the necromancers are doing. But it was too late."
I stiffened. "What?" I asked tightly.
"The gate to hell is open," she whispered. A high-pitched ringing started up in my ears, my vision turned red, souls wailed in my head, and a snarl ripped from me as I grabbed my demon and slammed her against the wall. The light overhead sizzled and popped as it went out. "I'm sorry, mistress."
"Why did you not come sooner?" I growled as something heavy crashed to the floor and shattered.
"I didn't know until a few minutes ago." She shuddered and winced as a soul slammed into her. "I came as soon as I saw demons going through." Fuck. My. Life, I mentally snarled and propelled myself from her. Rage in which I hadn't felt in many years washed over me like a suffocating tide as I heard screams outside. It was too late indeed, as I walked to my window and looked outside. On the streets below, people were running in all directions, screaming, crying, in shocked, but all and all, confused and afraid. This was hell on earth, literally. I turned back to Sathia.
"I want you and your friends out there now. Protect as many humans as you can."
"Yes, mistress," she said and slammed headfirst into my window, shattering it as she flew out and shifting into her demon form midair. Breathing heavily, I dropped onto the small desk beside the window, wondering how in the world's fuck this happened. Year after year, it seemed like the world was getting more fucked by the minute. If nothing was done to seal the gate, then everything and everyone was headed down a long, long, long road to disaster, and that road wasn't going to be easy, or pain free.


* * * * * *



To find other books by Alina Meuangkhot, please visit:

https://www.alinambooks.com/


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Goodreads:
https://www.goodreads.com/Alina_M

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
