Bloodlust
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2009 by Alina Meuangkhot


Revised Edition 2014 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


* * * * * *



Prologue

"Why have you come before us?" one of the hooded figures asked as I stood awkwardly across the Council table from them.
"I would like to inform the Council that there are a few witches about. The rogues are on to them."
"Are they?" the deep voice growled. "And you know this for a fact, protector?"
"Yes, I have been watching them for a while now."
"How many?" he asked, and I knew what he meant by that question. If I acted stupid or lied, I was more likely to get my heart ripped out. Lying to them was like lying to a lie detector-a really good one.
"Two that I know of."
"How long have you been watching them?"
"Going on three months now."
"And the rogues have not acted?"
"No, sir. I believe they know that the house is being watched."
"Is that so?" I grunted. "How many rogues are on site?"
I frowned in thought. "Three to maybe six."
"And what do you propose of us?"
"That I am allowed to keep a closer watch on them."
"Hmm," he said thoughtfully. "You realize the blood of a witch is very? enticing to us, do you not?"
"I know a witch's blood is very appealing to us."
"Very well, find out what you can, and know this, we will be watching, protector." And with that, everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter One

ALYSSA

It was dark outside. No street lamps were lit, not from where I could see at least. I looked at the clock on my nightstand. The readout was two in the morning. I groaned and rolled over, trying to go back to sleep with no success. So I just lay there, until the heavy fog over powered me. The sun shone through my window, waking me from my unpleasant dreams. Drenched in sweat, I got up and dress for the day and went to the kitchen to get a bite of something to eat. Raiding the pantry, I decided to make myself some pancakes. As I ate, I went through my list of things that I need to get done. After finishing up in the kitchen, I went outside to soak up the sun a bit. To say the least, it was extremely nice to be out. It was eighty-three degrees here in Los Angeles. What more could you ask for? Though I prefer dark, gloomy, rainy day most of the time, but that was just me. A girl like me probably belonged in Washington or something. Hell, maybe I'd be better off in Alaska, but the Alaskan cold would probably kill me. "Alyssa?" I heard my father calling me from the house. Sighing, I grudgingly went back inside.
"Yes, dad?" My father wasn't the type of person you want to fuck with. Six foot five and two-hundred-fifty pounds would intimidate anyone who tried to get on his bad side.
"Are you going to pick up your brothers and sisters from school today?"
"Yeah, like three thirty?"
"Yes." I have twin brothers Leo and Seth. I also have three sisters Brianna, Jane, and Lily. Unlike some, I am close to my siblings and get along with them just fine. I nodded. "Okay. Do you mind stopping by Heister's Grocery to pick up some stuff?"
I sighed. "Sure, I guess," I said, grumbling.
My dad handed me the grocery list and a hundred dollars cash. "Use it wisely."
"I will, don't worry." I looked it over. It wasn't a long list which was a good thing, because I had better things to do than running errands for my parents all day.
 At three fifteen I headed out the door and was on my way to pick up my brothers and sisters. I arrived at Hancock Elementary/Middle School five minutes early so I just waited and mull over my stupid English homework assignment which was to be due the very next day. I am a junior at Clint High School, and I wish school was over with, so I didn't have to deal with my pathetic gay ass teachers anymore. It drove me insane technically every day. Sometimes I wondered if they are doing that for the sake of it or just to see how far I would go with hiding my anger toward everything. I didn't notice when my five siblings got in the car until they called my name. "Oh," I said, startled.
"Um, are you okay?" Seth asked me timidly.
I smiled down at him. "Yeah I'm okay. You just startled me for a sec."
Jane busted out laughing. "Wow! That was the first."
"Yeah, right?" Lily shouted. Then they all started laughing. I just sat there looking at them with a huge smile on my face, trying not to burst out laughing myself. After the laughter had died down, I finally broke the silence.
"We're stopping by Heister to pick up some stuff for dad."
"What are we getting?" Jane asked.
"I don't know, and I don't really care. Let's just go and get this done and over with," I said as they all nodded in agreement with me. I started up the engine and off to the grocery store we went. After getting everything that was on the list, I decided to get myself coffee so I stopped by the shop down the street before heading home. Everybody got muffins except for Bri. She got herself chocolate chip cookie and a bottle of coke. As we unloaded the groceries and putting them away in their proper places, the phone rang, and I wondered who it could be. It was probably one of my parent's friends on the other end as I answered it. It turned out that I was right. It was for Sam, my dad. Mich had invited him over for barbecue. I didn't like any of my dad's friends much, but I guess Mich was okay. Maybe it was because he worked with the LAPD. I helped out around the house, doing most of the chores.
The day dragged on, and I finally got the chance to finish my paper for school. It was four pages long. After all that hard work I've put into that damn thing, it better be perfect. By the time I was done, it was nine twenty-five. I went to take a shower and got ready for bed. The night air was calm and cool through my opened window as I drifted to sleep.
When I woke up the next day to the sound of my annoying alarm, it was quiet. Usually I would hear Bri getting ready for school. Maybe today I was the first to wake in this desolate house of mine-wouldn't be the first. I glanced at the time. It was six-ten, apparently still dark outside. I growled and jump out of bed, hoping for a good day. It was Friday after all, and Friday was my favorite day of the week-mostly because it was the start of the weekend. I got ready and dressed quickly and went to check on the others. My mom Theresa and my dad Sam were already off to work. My father worked as a fire fighter for the Los Angeles Fire Department, and my mother was a nurse at Hollywood Health Hospital. Both of my parents were busy with their jobs, so I was always in charge of the household. I had to admit, my siblings would somehow always make my day a lot easier by helping me with whatever I needed. Seven o'clock finally rolled around, and I went to wake Seth, Leo, Jane, and Lily. I made sure that they were ready for school before heading out. I told Bri to make breakfast and said goodbye to them all.
When I arrived at Clint High, I reread my paper to make sure that I was satisfied with what I've written. I sighed deeply and got out of my car and headed toward the students parking lot door on the south side of the school. The school building looked plain and dull like most high school. The floor was white like usual, and the walls were white with blue in the center. At least there were no red in the mix of it all. Who needs a patriotic color to represent the school anyways? Our mascot changes every year, so I don't pay attention to it anymore. Nearly half of the school didn't notice the change. I walked to my English class which was located upstairs on the second floor. I was the first in class. Wow, what a surprise, I thought as I sat myself at the back of the room, taking out my assignment and waiting for the others to arrive. Doodling on my notebook, I didn't realize the others assembling in until a tall boy with brown hair and brown eyes called out my name. "Hey Alyssa," Jason said with a smirk on his face.
"Hi," I muttered.
"Did you get your paper finished?"
"What do you think?" I didn't like him much, but I could tell that he did admire me in some ways. "Of course I did, you twit!"
"Sorry, did I offend you with my annoyance?"
I growled at him. "Why don't you just shut up?" For once, he gave me a dirty look and fell into silence. Before he could say another word, Mrs. Winston came in and told us to get our assignments out. Of course, I was already prepared for it. She came around and collected all the papers.
"You'll know your grades by next Friday," she said with a smile on her stupid face. The class was boring as usual. Learning the parts of speech, ugh!
When the bell rang, I hurried out to my Chemistry class where Mrs. Claural was setting up the lab. I went to my table and read the overhead. The agenda for today's lesson was to see the reaction of each chemical when mix with water and vinegar. The day went by super slow. I sighed in relief when three o'clock finally came around.
I headed out and got in my car. As usual, I went to pick up my siblings from Hancock Elementary/Middle School. They were waiting for me when I arrived. All five got in and we were off. The car ride was silent except that Bri was complaining about her group project for Science. I parked the car in the driveway and got out. We all went inside and put our school junk away. I made chicken and mash potatoes for dinner. We ate and complain about the day. After everything was cleaned up, I planned to go out for a nice long walk by myself. I told Bri to watch the house while I was gone. She's like second in command or something when it came to house-sitting.
"Okay, do I have a list of things to do or what?"
I smirked. "A list?" I asked her, feeling a little confused.
"Yeah, most likely because mom and dad usually always have a list of phone numbers or something."
I thought about it for a while. I trusted Brianna when she was supposed to do something major. I looked toward the refrigerator where the list of emergency numbers was already posted. Apparently Bri didn't see it. "Um, the numbers are on the fridge." I pointed toward the sticky note on the refrigerator door.
"Oh, god do I feel stupid." I laughed and she joined in. "Well then."
"Well then what?" I asked.
"Hmm, I guess you can go now." I got up and started to the door. "I'll make sure to call when something goes wrong!" she yelled back at me.
"Okay!" I yelled back.
I opened the door and stepped outside, closing the door behind me. It was windy out here, but nice for a walk.
The wind blew my hair wildly as I walked down the street. I was a mile out from my house when I saw someone half way down the sidewalk from me. He stared at me for a long time. I kept on walking like I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. As I got closer, I paused in my track, mesmerized by this person. I looked at him for a long time, wondering why I couldn't even say hi to him. He had blond spiky hair, pale white skin, but not the snowy white color kind, and he had black eyes. He looked to be about six foot four or five inches tall. He was wearing all black though. I couldn't get my head around that, but all the same, I was frozen by this person. I couldn't imagine anyone looking so good in my entire 17 years of life. I'm such a jackass! I thought to myself. I managed to focus and walked on. I took several steps forward, but stopped again as I realized that someone was following me. I turned around and it was the same person that made me stop in my track half a minute ago. The stare he was giving me was the look of, you-better-run look, but I couldn't, no matter how hard I tried. He stiffened when I turned around so suddenly. It looked like he was trying to keep something under control. He kept on staring at me, waiting. I didn't know what to do or what to say. I looked up at him, wondering what he would do. He stepped closer to me. I held my breath, hoping he wouldn't pull out a knife or a gun and kill me on the spot. He sniffed the air and licked his lips. What was up with this guy? I thought in my head as he stepped even closer to me. I backed away from him. Was this guy going to kill me or what? A million things were running through my head at this point. Should I run? Should I say something? Should I wait until he makes a move? Should I wait until he says something? He looked at me curiously, and I looked back at him with the same expression on my face. He smiled at me, but didn't say anything. A shiver rolled down my spine as I stared up at him. "Hey," he said. His voice was low, raspy, and whispery. The type of voice that would; Send you running the opposite direction, hold you in place, or confused you to the point where nothing was no longer clear in your mind. As for me, I was frozen in place. I was still in shock by the tension that was emanating from him. I took a deep breath to find my voice.
"Hi." I said shyly.
"Why do you look like you're about to pass out on me?" he asked me, still smiling.
I couldn't find the right response to his question. "Um? uh?" I struggle to find the words, but nothing came to mind. "I don't? know." I half admitted.
"Hmm, what is your name?"
I am about to die of shock or embarrassment and he's asking for my name? "My name is Alyssa."
"It's nice to meet you, Alyssa. I am Trynnadon." Without thinking about what I was doing, I held out my hand to shake his. He hesitated before taking my hand firmly in his. The handshake only lasted for a second, because I automatically withdrew my hand out of his. It was like shaking a person's hand after they had come back inside from the freezing weather. We were in California for god sake and this strange person in front of me had a cold ass hand? I wondered why? All of these thoughts were running through my head. He stopped smiling, his intense gaze becoming more pronounced as I stared back at him. "Hmm," He said thoughtfully. I again held my breath. "Why don't you walk with me for a minute?" I looked around, making sure I was alone-didn't want anybody watching me like I was some kind of a freak or seeing my face, which was probably bright red by now. He bent down and leaned into me, inhaling the air around me. Licking his lower lip, he straightened. "So?" he asked, staring deeply into my eyes. "Walk with me?" He asked as everything went kind of blurry. I tried to rub my eyes, but it was like telling your brain what to do, but your body couldn't comprehend what it was trying to tell it to do.
"Um, okay."
"Good," he said, cupping my chin in his cold hand. "You will agree to everything I or my friends suggest. Once you are home, you will not mention me to your siblings unless I show myself to them. Do you understand? Nod if you do." I nodded. Dropping his hand, he smiled and gestured for me to follow.
We walked down two blocks and made a left-hand turn into a dark alley. My heart started to pound erratically, and he smiled down at me. "I won't hurt you." I took a deep breath to slow down my pounding heart, but it was no use. He must have good sense of hearing or something, I thought as he stopped to turn to me. "You shouldn't be out here alone."
"I was just out for a walk."
"Really?"
"Um? yeah."
He again sniffed the air. "How old are you, Alyssa?"
I frowned, taking my time in answering. "I'm seventeen, why?"
"I was just wondering."
I noticed the blue bracelet he was wearing, and I looked at it curiously. "What is that bracelet you're wearing, if you don't mind me asking?"
"It's a tracking bracelet." I had no clue what that meant, but I wasn't about to ask him as he led the way deeper into the darkness.
"Um, where are you taking me?" I asked him nervously.
"Oh, don't worry sweetheart." By this point, I was more afraid for my life. Why in hell did I follow him to begin with? He chuckled under his breath. "If I were you, I wouldn't listen to anyone that I don't know." My breathing sped up, and he smiled at me. "I'll give you a chance to run now, if you wish." Without a word, I turned around and ran back the way we came. This time, he wasn't following me. I ran and didn't stop until I was safe on my street. I paused before my door to slow down my panting. After my breathing was under control, I opened the door and went inside. My parents were still not home. The only time they were home was when my siblings and I were at school.
"What happened to you?" Lily asked me suspiciously.
"Nothing, I was running instead of walking," I lied, hoping she wouldn't see right through me. I was a good liar, but this time, it was really hard to keep a straight face after what I've been through.
"Oh?" Lily stared at me a minute longer, before dropping it. I went to my room and started on my homework for French. It was fairly easy, so I finished it in a matter of fifteen minutes time. I heard a knock on my door, and I scowled.
"Who is it?" I called.
"It's me. I need your help with something." I got up and walked to the door, opening it. Bri was standing there, a paper in her hand.
"What do you need help with?" I asked as she stepped in my room and close the door. She handed me the paper with the instructions, and I read it before handing it back to her.
"So, can you help me?" she asked with a hopeful smile.
"Yeah, did you pay attention in class?" I asked, smirking at her.
"Of course I didn't. Science is the most boring class you could be in. Honestly, I'd rather take Spanish over science any day." She strode over to my desk, stealing a pencil from the cup as she dropped into a chair.
"Idiot," I muttered.
She grinned at me. "Sorry, I should've asked first."
I laughed. "Whatever," I said, sticking my tongue out at her. She just stared at me, and then scowled.
"Are you going to tell me how to make a tornado or not?" Sighing, I ripped out a piece of notebook paper and wrote the tornado instructions down for her. It wasn't that hard, to be honest. Bri watched me intently, as I finished it and handed it to her. "I knew you would know how to do it," she said, smiling as she copied it down. "By the way, can I keep this pencil? I kind of like it, actually."
I thought about it for a minute, and then shrugged. "Okay, you can have it."
"Thanks!"
"That was one of my favorite one, you know."
She just looked at me, shrugging. "Oh well, you can always buy a new one." She finished writing the tornado instructions down and got up from my desk. "Thanks again."
"No problem." She left my room, and I again was alone.
My mind went back to my walk earlier, and a million questions popped into my head. Who was that guy I met today? Why was I so mesmerized by him, but yet so terrified at the same time? Just then, I heard a tap on my window, and I froze in place. I moved slowly to my window, opening the curtain an inch and peering out into the night. I couldn't see anything. Was I just hearing things? Was my imagination running wild? What the fuck was wrong with me?
"Alyssa!" Jane yelled, and I reluctantly went to check what was going on. "Leo has a bloody nose." Lily said as I appeared in the living room. I couldn't help it, I laughed.
"What happened?" I asked.
"Lily punched me," Leo said, moaning softly to himself.
"He deserved it!" Lily exclaimed.
"Okay, that's enough, you two," I said, smirking. Seth got up and walked into the kitchen. He got an icepack out of the freezer, wrapping it in a paper towel as he reentered.
"Here, put this on your nose," he said, smirking as he handed it to Leo.
"Tilt your head back and pinch your nose, too," Jane said, wanting a turn on giving advice. I, on the other hand, was wondering why they called me when they knew what to do without my help. I silently went back to my room, muttering to myself all the while. I didn't know what time it was, but I fell asleep when I got into my cozy bed.
Before I knew it, I was awakened by my mom around ten o'clock. She wasn't tall like my dad was. She was five-foot-six and slender compared to my six-foot-five father. Her long blonde hair hung loosely down the middle of her back, and her blue eyes were staring into mine. "I didn't mean to wake you. How was your day?"
"It was okay. Everything went well, same as usual."
"That's good to hear," she said with a smile. "I'll let you go back to sleep now. Again, I'm sorry to wake you."
"No, that's okay." She kissed me on the forehead and left my room, closing the door softly behind her. After a moment, I slipped into my dreamless, peaceful sleep.
It felt like I've only slept for half an hour when I was awakened by Brianna. She was bouncing up and down on my bed, and according to the clock, it was eleven forty-five in the morning. I stretched and groaned. "What do you want?"
"Mom is making lunch. It's going to be ready in ten minutes."
I yawned. "Okay, wake me up in ten minutes, then."
She poked me in the ribs. "No, no, no, wake up sleepyhead. You sleep way too much."
I growled. "Fine, fine, fine," I said and sat up in bed, wiping the sleep from my eyes.
"Now I have to wake up the other. See you in the kitchen."
"Um, yeah sure." She hopped off my bed and out the door. Sighing, I threw the cover off and slipped out of bed. I went to wash up before anybody else could make it into the bathroom. The aroma of pork and baked beans did the work of fully waking me up. My stomach growled, and I hope no one heard it. I went to the kitchen where Jane, Lily, and Bri were already in place at the table.
"Good morning, sleepyhead," my mom said to me as I entered.
"Where are Leo and Seth?" I asked, glancing to Bri.
"Oh, they're coming. Don't worry, they're just slow. You know how boys are." I pulled out a chair and dropped into it.
"Would you like coffee, Alyssa?"
"Sure," I said as my mom scooped one spoon of ground coffee into the filter, poured the water in the back of the coffee maker, and closed it before hitting the start button.
"Where's dad?" Jane asked no one in particular.
"He already took off to the fire station an hour ago," she said, handing me the coffee a couple of minutes later. I added two teaspoons of cream and sugar, and then slowly sipped at it. Leo and Seth stumbled into the kitchen and fell into empty chairs. I didn't notice it when Bri squirted them with a water gun, until they jumped, startled. We burst out laughing, and Seth punched Bri in the arm, glaring at her.
"It's time to wake up, boys!" she exclaimed, still laughing. We jumped as the doorbell rang, and I frowned. Who would bother coming here around this time? My mom went around into the living room and answered it. My siblings and I just sat there, staring at each other.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

As we waited, my mom casually greeted the person that was at the door. "Hello. Can I help you?"
"I live just down the street from here." I heard the familiar voice of that person before, and it sent chills down my spine.
"Oh, really?"
"Yes, I was just walking around the neighborhood for something to do. May I come in?"
"Of course, come in and make yourself comfortable," she said in a monotone, and I cursed under my breath. How stupid could my own mother be?
"Thank you for inviting me in."
"Not a problem. Come in and introduce yourself. We were just about to eat lunch." Everyone around the table just stared at each other, bewildered. I heard my mom and the visitor coming around, so I managed to compose myself before they entered. My brothers and sisters did the same. Acting like nothing unusual was going on, Bri cleared her throat.
"So, what do you want to do after lunch?" She looked at me, waiting.
"Uh, I have no clue. You have anything in mind?" I asked.
"Nope, I just thought you had an idea planned out for today." At that moment, both my mom and the visitor came in the kitchen, and he looked a little paler since our last encounter last night. Seth started choking, and we stared at him. He ran to get himself a glass of water and drank until he was satisfied that he wouldn't choke on air. At the same time, our visitor stiffened, but relaxed before anyone but me notice that something was up. Seth slowly walked back to the table and shrugged.
"Lunch is ready. The pork chops are here on the counter, and the baked beans are in the pot." We got up and went around to the counter. My mom gestured to the visitor to have a seat. He pulled out the next available chair and sat down, looking around the kitchen while we got food and settled back at the table.
"Did you see him stiffening when Seth ran passed him?" Bri whispered in my ear. I guess I wasn't the only one that noticed it, after all. I nodded as she sat down and began cutting up the pork chops. My mom didn't ask our visitor if he wanted anything, she just handed him a plate. He eyed the food thoughtfully, and after a moment, he began to slowly eat. She looked at him a minute later and nodded to herself.
"Why don't you introduce yourself to us?" He looked up from his plate and looked at us carefully, as if judging our reactions to him.
"My name is Trynnadon." I scowled at my mom, because she seemed to be the only one comfortable enough around him.
"It's nice to meet you, Trynnadon. I am Theresa, and these are my children." She looked at us expectantly. "Why don't you all tell Trynnadon your names?" All six of us eyed each other thoughtfully, and I shrugged. "Why don't you start?" She said to Bri, who hesitated.
"My name is Brianna," she mumbled
"Let's go around the table."
"I am Alyssa." I said timidly. It went around to Jane, Seth, Lily, and then to Leo. Trynnadon looked at us, including my mom this time, and nodded.
"It's nice to meet all of you." We continued eating while my mom made conversation with him. When everything was picked up and put away, I went to the living room to join my sisters while Leo and Seth went outside to play.
"How long are you planning to stay?" my mom asked him a minute after I entered the living room. He didn't answer, and I inwardly grimaced. "I'm about to leave for work. Do you mind watching the kids?" she asked as my sisters and I held our collective breath, waiting.
"Uh, sure. The kids will be fine with me," he said to her as she started for the door. I slowly let out my breath as we said goodbye to our stupid, brainless mother. What the hell was going on?
I hadn't notice when he entered the room, until it felt like someone was staring at me. How silently could he move? I thought to myself as I met his gaze. Jane, Bri, and Lily were now staring at him, too. He stepped closer to Jane, and she backed away from him, cringing. He smiled at her, and in a flash, he was in front of her. She stiffened, and he turned to face me. "I think you should teach a certain member of the family a lesson." I knew who he was talking about, and I scowled. "Don't you think?" He turned back to Jane. As he touched her neck, she flinched from him. He again smiled and dropped his hand from her, backing away. After a long minute, she ran into the hall toward her room, Lily following right behind her. The door closed behind them, and we heard the soft click of the lock being turned. I didn't know that Bri was behind me until he let out a sigh, looking past me. "Being the big sister? How sweet of you to defend her, but that's not necessary." I looked at him, confused. Bri poked my back hard, and I turn around to face her. He laughed softly, and I turned back to him, cursing when he was no longer there. I searched, but found nothing.
"Trynnadon?"
He appeared out of thin air in front of me, and I blinked. "You can call me Tryn for short." I stared at him in surprise, nodding. A low growl came from him, and this time, Bri didn't bother to stay. She let out a small scream and ran outside to be with Seth and Leo. "Don't worry, I won't kill you," he said as I stood frozen in place, unable to get air to my lungs. He smiled and came closer, his gaze lowering to my neck. I stared up at him, realizing that his eyes were no longer black ringed with red, but completely black. I again begged him not to hurt me over and over, but he kept coming. "Never invite a stranger into your home." He smirked. "Do me a favor and tell Theresa that, won't you?" I nodded, backing away from him as sweat dripped down my face. He sniffed the air, groaned, and stiffened. "Though, I will admit, it wasn't completely her fault."
"What?"
"I'm sorry," he growled and launched himself at me, knocking me to the ground. I tried to scream, but no sound would escape me. It felt like my tongue rolled inward for a second and back to normal. He held me down as I attempt to break free of his steel grip. "No need to scream," he hissed at me. I tried to say something, but I couldn't, no matter how much effort I put in to it. Was he doing this to me? Was he keeping me from making a sound? I stared into his eyes and again tried to scream, but no sound came out. He smiled as I continued to stare at him, and I noticed that I was getting sleepier and sleepier by the second. I tried to keep my eyes open, but it was no use. I again heard his growl, but this time, it was closer. Before I could clear my head, I felt a sharp stinging pain at my neck. I couldn't move or make a sound, but I could totally feel the pain. I felt him breathing, and right then, I knew what was happening to me. The pain got more intense as his fangs slowly pierced deeper and deeper into my neck. I could feel his tongue lapping at the blood. I could feel the life draining out of me as I got weaker and weaker. I drifted out of consciousness as he sucked my last few drops of blood out of me? or at least, it felt like it as darkness took me over.
When I came to, I was surrounded by my brothers and sisters. All of them had a questioning look on their faces. My eyes searched around the room, but the vampire was nowhere to be found. I could still feel the stinging sensation, as my hand went to my neck and found where he had bitten me. It felt warm under my touch, and to my surprise, I couldn't feel any punctured wounds or any bruising like I had expected. "Are you okay?" Bri asked, her hands trembling.
"Yeah, I think so." They sighed in relief as I nodded.
"What did he do to you?" Jane asked, her voice breaking on the last word. I didn't want her to know so I just ignored her question altogether. I got up to a sitting position, but didn't stand due to my energy level. I didn't realize that I was cold until I sat up. I could feel the blood pulsing through my body. It felt like a thousand needles gently prodding me, and it helped a little with the cold, but not much. Jane let out a gasped, and I turned my head to see why. He was there, standing about ten feet from us. He smiled and walked forward until he was three feet away.
"I'm sorry. I couldn't control it any longer." he said to me. I shivered just thinking about it. His eyes were now ruby, and I blinked at him.
"What did you do to her?" Seth asked him quietly.
"Hmm," he said thoughtfully. "I can show you if you like." 
Seth cringed. "Um, no thanks!" He chuckled as Seth turned to me. "Um? what did he do to you?"
"Uh? I?" I shook my head, trying to find a way to answer him, but nothing came to mind. "Seth, I'll tell you later, not now." He sighed and gave up. I could tell that he wanted to know the answer now, but I didn't know what to say just yet.
"Dad is going to be home in five minutes," Lily finally said, breaking the long silence.
"In that case, I think I should leave." We watched, blinking as Trynnadon vanished into thin air. With a sigh, I stood up and went to the kitchen to heat up the leftover pork chops and baked beans. I heard the car door slamming outside and tried to act natural as my dad walked through the front door and greeted my brothers and sisters.
"Where's Alyssa?"
"She's heating up leftovers from lunch," Seth said.
"Hey there, Alyssa," he called to me from the living room.
"Hi, dad," I said, hoping he wouldn't come in just yet. I saw him headed toward the hallway, and I inwardly sigh in relief as I turned back toward the pot simmering on the stove. I put the pork chops in the microwave, setting it for one minute. Hearing the shower water turning on, I turned off the stove and went to the living room. My dad could manage the rest without me pacing around the kitchen, waiting for him to get out of the shower.
Seth and Jane were playing Uno and asked if I wanted to join in. I told them that I would wait until they were finished with the first round. Jane won the first round of the game, and we played a total of three. After Uno, we just sat there and talked about boring topics and played various different types of board games all night long. It was around midnight when we silently crept back to our room for bed. I didn't even bother changing my clothes. I slipped in to my bed and waited for sleep to come over me. My head was clouded with the earlier event that took place today, and it was impossible for me to fall asleep.
I got up and went to Brianna's room to check if she was awake. I quietly open the door an inch and peeked in. She was lying on her bed, eyes wide open. It looked like she was watching or listening for something. I opened the door wider and went inside, closing the door before walking any further. Bri sat up and swung her legs to the side of the bed as I went to sit next to her. "You couldn't sleep either?" I asked her in a whisper, and she shook her head. Bri was an inch or so shorter than me; her wavy blonde hair coming down to her shoulder, and her burning blue eyes-filled with questions-stared up toward the ceiling. She looked at me and leaned in.
"So, what happened after I ran outside? You know? earlier today." I sighed. "I promise I won't tell anyone. Please? Tell me? I'm begging you." When it comes to keeping a secret, Brianna was the only person I could trust to keep it quiet.
"Okay, I'll tell you," I said to her as she leaned back, waiting. "When you ran outside, I planned to follow you, but I couldn't even move a muscle."
"How come you didn't tell me to wait for you, then?"
"I tried, but I couldn't get myself to say a word." I stared at the curtain and shrugged. "He told me to tell mom about never inviting a stranger in."
She swore under her breath. I could make out some of the words she was saying, and I cold heartedly agreed with her choice of words. "Go on," she whispered.
"Well, before he told me what to tell mom, he told me that he wouldn't kill me and came closer to me." I heard Bri taking a deep breath and holding it. "Well? he growled and stiffened again and told me he was sorry."
"Keep going," she said, urging me to continue.
I shivered and grimaced. "Um, well, he jumped on me and held me down."
She gasped, and I knew what she was thinking. "And then what happened?" she asked nervously.
I turned to look at her. She was tensed up, as if preparing for my answer. "He?" I paused, not able to tell her.
"What did he do?" she asked impatiently.
I held my breath and let it out sharply. "He bit me."
Bri and I sat there in silence for the longest time. I had no idea how many minutes had past, but she finally got up and went to the window and closed it. She slowly walked to her desk and sat down in a chair. A moment later, she turned to face me. "I knew he bit you before you told me," she said, shuddering at the thought.
"You did?"
"Yeah, I didn't want to say anything in front of Seth, Leo, Jane, Lily, and definitely not Tryn."
I looked at her in disbelief. "How did you know?"
"Well, actually I didn't, until you touch your neck. It was red so I figured he must've bitten you, and we found you unconscious." I had to say that Brianna was too smart for an eighth grader, from my perspective at least.
"Why did you close the window?" I asked her curiously.
She smiled. "Cause he might be listening."
"Or watching," I interjected.
"Yeah, that too," she agreed. She looked at the clock on her desk. "It's almost three A.M. Think we should try to get some sleep?" I nodded and got up from the bed. I walked to the door and stopped, because she was following me. "Thanks for telling me."
"No problem," I said and opened the door. She went back and jumped on the bed as I stepped into the hall. Closing the door softly behind me, I went to my room. Slipping into my own bed, I didn't bother to put the blanket over me. I fell asleep a minute or so later, only to jerk awake as I felt something cold touching my arm. I had to be dreaming. I told myself, but the coldness didn't go away. I turned over, hoping the cold would subside. It did for a second, but this time, it was on my neck. My eyes flew open, and I searched around, but didn't find anything out of place. Half awake, I felt someone holding me to my bed, and I shook myself fully awake. Whatever was holding me was no longer there. I opened my eyes and again did a search. Like before, I couldn't find anything out of the ordinary. I couldn't go back to sleep, in fear that something horrible would happen to me. I just laid there staring at the ceiling, waiting, listening. I didn't know how long I stayed up, but eventually I fell asleep with no further incident.
I had a dream that I was being bitten again. This time, it was extremely painful. I couldn't see anything in my dream. Everything was all dark and hazy. The pain grew more and more intense by the second. I woke up, gasping. The pressure was gone, but the pain was still there. Sweating and out of breath, I sat up and looked around. It was still a little dark outside, and I glanced at the time. It was six in the morning, and I groaned. My hand instinctively went to my neck where the pain was. It was hot under my fingers, and I again groaned as I searched the room with my eyes only. I decided not to go back to sleep. Instead, I got up and went to the bathroom to wash up. Slowly breathing through my nose and out my mouth to ease the pain, I stood there for a while, until I had full use of my body to jump in the shower. After I finished up in the bathroom, I cautiously went back to my room. Seth and Leo were there, sitting at my desk. "Um, what are you two doing here?" I asked.
"We were just waiting for you to get out of the shower so you can make us breakfast," Leo said, winking at me.
"I'll make breakfast after I'm done dressing," I said to them and shoved my brothers out the door. Going over to my closet, I pulled out a white t-shirt and blue jeans, quickly dressing. When I was done, I threw my door open and half-ran into the kitchen where they were waiting for me. Seth was flipping through a sport magazine while Leo babbled on and on about his drum recital tomorrow night. I could tell that Seth was half listening, more interested in his magazine. I cleared my throat, and they looked up at me. "Anything in particular you like to eat?" I asked them, walking to the refrigerator and opening it.
"Anything," Leo said as Seth nodded in agreement. I decided to make scrambled eggs and sausage. I made enough for six and went to wake the others before eating mine. We finished eating and washed it down with orange juice. I finished putting things away in the kitchen while Bri and Lily were doing the dishes. Jane went to get the mail, and I went to the living room to watch some TV. As usual, Sunday was boring. My mom and dad didn't make it home until dinner. Not in a mood to make anything, we just ordered out. I helped Seth with his language homework and listen to Leo practicing for his drum solo. The recital was to be held in the school auditorium tomorrow night at seven. All of us were going except for my parents, of course, because they were not allowed to miss a day or take a half day off to go watch him play.
Going to my room and pulling out my notebook, I went to my desk and started drawing random shapes just to pass the time. I had the feeling that someone was behind me, but when I turned around, no one was there. Why do I keep thinking that someone is in the room with me? I swear there's something wrong with me. I must be going insane, I silently muttered. Just then, I felt something cold touching the back of my neck. I whipped my head around and found nothing. Growling, I got up and started pacing around the room. The door banged open, and I came to an abrupt stop. Bri was out of breath, and she pulled me along with her out into the hall, squeezing me so tightly that I nearly fell over. "What's wrong?" I asked.
"I saw someone in my room," she said, still out of breath.
I stiffened. "Who was it?"
"I don't know. I couldn't make out who it was. It scared the living shit out of me, that's what."
"Hmm, I think someone was in my room, too." She looked at me, perplexed. "I didn't know who it was either. Every time I turned around, no one was there."
"Freaky shit, isn't it?"
"Yeah, you can say that again." I muttered as Seth came around the corner.
"What are you two talking about?" he asked suspiciously.
"Nothing," Bri and I said in unison. Of course? he didn't believe us one bit.
"Sure, come on, tell me. I want to be in on the secret, too!"
"No, go away before I hurt you!" Bri exclaimed. When he didn't move, she moved toward him. He ran away before she could land a sucker punch on him. Silently muttering to myself, Bri and I went back to our room before anyone else found us whispering in the hall. For something to do, I looked through my schoolwork and made sure that everything was ready for tomorrow. At least I don't have to rush in the morning, I thought and glanced at the clock. It was ten thirty, so I went to make sure everyone else was in bed before turning out the lights.
The next morning was the same as usual. Grabbing my things, I was off to school. I walked to my first class, but was stopped half way as a fight broke out between three boys. I just stood there and watched. When the one-minute bell sounded, I ran back and took a different route to class. I made it in time just before Mrs. Winston knew that I was a bit late. I checked the blackboard for today's lesson. It was the same as Friday, the parts of speech. I sighed and pretended to listen. The day couldn't go by any slower. Chemistry was boring, and I was daydreaming in French class. After lunch, I was called down to the office, and I sighed, silently cursing over and over on my way there. The principle, Mr. Shelton was a short and chubby type of dude with grey hair and looked to be in his fifties or sixties. He wanted to question me about the fight earlier today. I told him what I saw and who were involved. I didn't care if I was considered a snitch or not. I could take them all out one by one if I wanted to. I was told that I would remain anonymous, but I knew that I wouldn't, because I was the only one who saw the fight going on. School finally led out, and I was glad to be done for the day.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

We got home around three forty-five, and everybody was getting ready to have a good time at the recital. My mom called to check up on us and wished Leo good luck on his drum solo. Bri and I did Jane and Lily's hair and picked out nice clothes for them to wear. We snacked on chips and cookies, instead of having a real dinner. We played two games of Monopoly and a game of Trivial Pursuit. Leo had to be at school for the rehearsal at six fifteen, so we left the house at five fifty. We arrived at Hancock shortly after six ten and walked Leo to the band room where he was supposed to meet the others. We went to find a good seat in the auditorium so we could get a good view of the stage. I handed our tickets to the ticket lady, and she gave us a program as we entered the auditorium. The auditorium wasn't big, but wasn't that small, either. It was a good size to fit at least a hundred seats. People were still coming in so we hurried to the front, before anyone could beat us there. Half an hour before the show, I looked around. Not sure if food and drinks were allowed, I told Seth to buy Jane something that she could finish in a three minutes time limit. He came back with an ice cream sandwich, and Jane took it from his hand eagerly. She finished it in a matter of seconds, shoving the wrapper into her pocket. Bri was having fun with her digital camera, taking pictures of the set before the light came down and the curtains closed.
The show started off nicely. The Hancock Choir was the first to go on, and they sang four songs. Next it was the announcements from the school's band director which lasted for like five minutes, but it felt longer to me. Then the fifth grade symphony was up, playing three songs. Turning, I checked on my brother and sisters. Not surprisingly, Seth, Jane, and Lily were half asleep. And as for Brianna, she just looked utterly bored out of her mind. I turned back to face the front and listened to the drum line, performed by the fifth graders. After they were finished, it was time for a ten-minute intermission. I nudged Lily awake as Bri turned to me. "I hate coming to this kind of show," she complained, and we nodded. "I just want to see Leo's part and go home, not sit here and be bored the fuck out of my mind for an hour and a half." She went on talking in a whisper, until the lights dimmed. I let out a sigh and leaned back.
"Don't fall asleep," I said to Seth, Lily, and Jane.
"We'll try," Seth said, grimacing. The six graders were now up, and I looked at the program for the first time. First up on the list was the six grade recognition award, and I poked Lily awake.
"It's the recognition award. Stay awake," I whispered. Different types of award were handed out, and we cheered when Leo won the award for Best percussionist. The show finally rapped up with the six grade drum solos, and I sighed in relief. Leo was second to last, and we cheered him on throughout the whole thing. When the show was over, Lily, Seth, Bri, Jane, and I went to wait by the band room for him. When he saw us, he broke free of the crowd and came over to us. We congratulated him and gave him a hug.
"Nice job, bro!" Seth exclaimed and grinned.
"Thanks! Did you guys like it?"
"Yours was the best!" Jane said, smiling up at him.
"Cool!"
"You ready to go?" I asked.
"I sure am," Bri said as we headed for the door. It was fifteen after nine by the time we got home. The moment we entered, dad greeted us and congratulated Leo. "I took pictures," Bri said and showed them to us.
"Show that to mom when you see her," my dad said, and she nodded.
"Don't worry, I will." He said goodnight to us and went off to bed. After a few minutes or so, everyone went their separate ways. Before calling it a night, I grabbed a little something to eat.
The week went by slowly. Since I didn't get to see my parents much, I spent some quality time with them. As usual, school was boring. I helped out with homework, and I also made sure the house was cleaned up and that everything was in order. I got my grade for the English paper, and I was satisfied with an A minus. "Alyssa!" Bri called out to me, and I went to see what she wanted. Finding her outside with Jane and Lily, I nodded to her.
"What?" I asked.
She pointed toward the street, where an ice cream truck was slowly making its way to us. "Do you want anything?"
"Let's go see what she has," I said as we ran over to it. I glanced at them, and after a few seconds, I bought myself strawberry shortcake for a dollar. My sister got themselves one of those ice creams that you push up and comes in a variety of flavors. After thanking her, we walked back inside and followed Bri to her room.
"Close the door and lock it," Bri said to Lily as she entered. I perched myself on her desk while the others just stood around. "So anyways, what is everyone up to?" she asked, looking toward the door.
"Why are you staring at the door?" Jane asked, confused.
"I'm just listening to see if those idiots are coming. Eat quickly before they bust down my door."
"I can finish mine in two bites," I said to them, and Jane stuck her tongue out at me. "Nice tongue," I said conversationally.
"What?" she asked, frowning at me.
Bri smirked and giggled. "Your tongue is blue."
"Oh, yours is probably green, then."
"Hmm, you're probably right." While we finished up eating, we talked about random stuff. As I heard Seth and Leo outside the door, I quickly finished off the rest of my ice cream. Bri gathered up all the wrappers and threw them into the trashcan, a split second before we heard the pounding on the door.
"Let us in!" Leo exclaimed. Sighing, she got up and walked to the door. She unlocked and opened it, moving back for them to enter. As they did so, they looked around the room suspiciously.
"Can we help you?" Bri asked them, looking annoyed.
"We're just wondering if we can join you," said Seth.
"Hmm."
"Oh, just let them join us," I said. Seth dropped to the floor, lying back while his twin sniffed around the room like a dog.
"Have you been eating something?" Leo asked, eyeing us suspiciously.
"No," I lied.
"I'm bored," Seth said, yawning.
"Go to sleep, then," said Bri.
"Yeah, but I don't want to."
"Do you think? never mind," Jane said, her face going red. Apparently, I was the only one who saw, and it made me want to question her about whatever it was. I let it go for the moment, but I would question her about it later. It was around dinner time when my parents were home. It was seldom for both of them to be home at the same time, and we had dinner together that night.
It was around one in the morning when we finally headed off to bed. Maybe this would be a good time to get Jane alone, or maybe not, I thought to myself as I went over what to say to her. I mull over it for another minute, before going to check if Bri was willing to help me out. I knocked on her door and let myself in. The light was still on, and I found her sitting at her desk. She looked up as I walked in. "Can I help you?"
"Yeah, actually, you can."
"How can I be a service to you?" she asked dryly.
"Well, earlier today. Do you remember when Jane started to ask something and changed her mind at the last second?"
"Yeah, I do."
"When she changed her mind, did you see her face turning red?"
She thought about it for a moment, and then shook her head. "Um, no, I missed that part. Do you think she's hiding something?" I nodded. "Well, let's go see what she's up to." This had worked out more than I had expected. She got up from her desk and started for the door. I followed behind her as we quietly walked to Jane and Lily's room. Bri tapped softly on the door and opened it. Jane was still awake, but Lily was sound asleep as we entered. Bri crept toward Jane's bed and whispered in her ear while I waited in the doorway. Jane nodded and slowly got out of bed. She came willingly, and we three went back to Brianna's room. "I'm going to grab something from the kitchen for us to snack on," Bri said, heading back out the door.
"What do you want to talk to me about?" Jane asked me curiously.
"When you started to ask a question and changed your mind earlier today, I noticed your face going red. What was up with that?"
"Oh," she breathed. "That?" I nodded, smiling at her as Bri came back in the room with three bags of chips and three cans of coke. She handed them out before settling herself on the floor. She looked at Jane, studying her.
"What were you keeping hidden from us earlier today?" she asked.
"Um, it's kind of freaky, actually."
"Okay, I'm interested now." I nodded in agreement with Bri as I dropped into a chair.
"The other night, well three nights ago, I thought I saw someone in my room." Bri and I just stared at each other, stunned. "What? Should I have told you earlier about this or something?"
"No, just continue."
"I keep thinking that someone was by my bed and? I swear I saw a shadow."
"Hmm," I thought and nodded to her. "Bri and I have had the same incident in our rooms, too."
"Really?"
"Yep, pretty scary I have to say." Bri and Jane grinned at me, nodding. After a moment, Jane let out a sigh.
"I'm glad I got that out of the way." We finished up eating and walked Jane back to her room. We said goodnight to her and went to bed ourselves.
I was awakened by the sun shining through my window. Blinking in the brightness of it, I looked at the time. It was ten o'clock, and I could hear my brothers talking to each other loudly. I didn't want to get up yet, so I just lay there with my eyes closed. I think I again fell asleep, because the next thing I knew, Lily was jumping on my bed. "Wakey, wakey, wakey."
"What is it that you want?" I asked her, still half asleep.
"It's eleven thirty. Wake up, wake up, wake up!"
"Okay, I will. Just stop bouncing up and down, already." She stopped and sat there quietly, waiting for me. Sighing, I sat up, and Lily jumped off my bed. "See you in the living room," she said and dashed out the door. I got my bathroom necessities and went to take a shower. Maybe that would wake me up a bit. It did help a little as I got out and quickly dressed for the day. Of course, my brothers and sisters were already up. They were just hanging around the living room as I walked in. I winced as Bri smacked me.
"How was your sleep?"
"It was good, actually."
"Cool."
"It looks like it's going to be another boring day today," said Seth.
"Seth! Every day is always boring for you," Jane chirped.
"Jeez Jane, chill out. I'm just saying." I just sat quietly and pretended I wasn't in the room.
"Hey," Lily said, tapping me on the shoulder. I looked up. "You're picking up the phone from now on, okay?"
"Um, why?"
Lily sighed deeply. "Because every time I pick up the phone, there's no answer on the other end of the line, and it's pissing the fuck out of me!"
"Okay, I'll pick it up when it rings again." She went back to the couch and curled up under the blanket and stayed there. Nothing good was on TV so we just kept it on the news channel, not even bothering to watch it. Leo and Seth were building something with a deck of playing cards. Jane was just staring at the walls, and Bri was? thinking about something while Lily stared up at the ceiling, making shadows with her hands. "Are you having fun there, Lily?"
"Yes, I am. Thanks for asking," she muttered, and I laughed as I heard the key being inserted into the door.
"Mom's home!" Jane exclaimed and ran to open it.
"Hi, kids."
"Hi," we said in unison.
"I'm only home for lunch. Did you cook or order anything?" she asked and looked expectantly at me.
I shook my head. "Don't ask me, I just got up like an hour ago."
She looked at Bri. "I ordered two boxes of twenty chicken wings and mashed potatoes from KFC."
"Ooo, where is it?" Jane asked eagerly. Bri got up and went to the kitchen with us following close behind her. She warmed up the wings and mashed potatoes. The food was good, so I decided to go for seconds. Mom asked how our day was and reminded Bri and I to keep things in order. We reassured her that everything would be okay and not to worry. She nodded, before heading out the door. We cleaned up the kitchen, and when we were done, I went to my room.
I didn't feel like doing anything, so I just sat there on my bed, lost in my own thoughts. After a minute or two, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I jumped, letting out a startled gasp as I turned my head to look behind me. Whoever it was, they were no longer there. I had an idea who it was, but I was afraid to call out his name. Hearing the ringing of a phone, I groaned and got up to answer it.
"Hello?" There was no answer on the other end of the line, and I scowled. "Hello?" I repeated, and a second later, the line went dead. I hung up the phone, cursing as I checked the caller ID. As I had expected, it was a private call.
"I told you," Lily said to me as I cleared some of the numbers.
"Hey, let's get dad's recording thingy and hook it up for evidence," said Seth.
"Hmm, that's a good idea, Seth," said Bri.
"Thanks, Bri. See? I do have some brains in me," he said and stuck his tongue out at her. He went to get the recording device as we wait anxiously for him to return. It took him nearly half an hour to return with the thing.
"What took you so long?" Jane asked.
"Hey, I have to dig through some stuff to find it, you know."
Bri took the device from him and started hooking up the recorder to the phone. "It's not illegal, is it?"
"No, I don't think so," I said to her and shrugged. She was done in like a minute, and we waited for the next phone call to come. We didn't have to wait long before it again rang. This time, Bri answered it.
"Hello?" I could barely hear what the other person was saying, but it wasn't enough for me to make anything out. "No, everything's okay here." We looked at Bri, confused. "Okay, bye." She hung up and shrugged. "It was one of the LAPD checking up on us."
"What? Come again?" Seth exclaimed.
"Yeah, Seth, I know what you're thinking. I have no idea why they would check up on us, either."
"Anyways, play the damn tape." She hit the play button, and of course, I didn't recognize the voice. "Doesn't sound like any of dad's friends. Any of you know who it is?" Seth looked around at us, and we shook our heads. "Well then? leave that where it is, just in case he calls again."
"Sure thing," said Bri.
Seth sighed and slumped back on the couch. "Talk about some crazy motherfuckers trying to scare us or something."
"Shut up, Seth! You might jinx it!" Jane exclaimed.
"Oops, sorry," he said, smirking at her. Glaring at him, she slapped him. "Ow! I said I was sorry." Jane got up and went to the kitchen, coming back with a piece of chicken wing in her hand. "You still hungry, Jane?"
"No, it's just too good to stop eating it. Don't you want some more, Seth?" She looked at him, her hand out like she was offering the wing to him.
"No, I will get some later." I silently snorted, enjoying the little dialog between them. It was pretty pathetic to say the least. I flipped through the channels, just for something to do while Bri told the others about her teachers. Half listening, I turned off the TV after finding nothing good to watch. Going over the recording, I tried to figure out who the voice could belong to, but nothing popped into my head. Was there something going on out in the world that I didn't have a clue about? If there was, I would've heard of it by now.
"I am bored. Want to do something?" Leo asked as he fidgeted with the zipper of his sweater.
"Do what?" I asked and turned to look at him.
He frowned, thinking. "I don't know," he said, and then shrugged.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

We heard a knock on the door, and I got up to check who it was. There was a cop standing outside, and I frowned. I hesitated for a second or two, before slowly opening it. He flashed his badge at me. It made me feel a little more comfortable, but raised more questions in my head. "Sorry to interrupt, but we're on an investigation of a murder case. Are your mom and dad home?" A murder case, I thought with a scowl. How come I didn't hear anything on the news about it?
"No, but I will be glad to tell them that you stopped by."
He looked past me into the house. "Are you home alone?" he asked, and I eyed him suspiciously. "It's routine police work. There's nothing to worry about."
"No, my brothers and sisters are home."
"Do you mind if I take a look around? I just want to make sure that everybody in the house is okay and alive."
I thought about it and shrugged. "Do you have identification?" I asked him. He again flashed his badge at me. "I need to see some other identification besides a badge," I told him, closing the door on him. As I closed it, he stuck a foot in, preventing me from closing it all the way. He forced the door open, and I backed away as he walked in, pointing a gun at me. I cringed.
"Don't make a sound or I will shoot you." I nodded. "Now, do what I say, and no one will get hurt. Do you understand?"
"Yes," I whispered. He grabbed me by the arm and led me to the living room. My brothers and sisters sat there in shock, eyes wide. "Nobody moves or make a sound! Or I will kill you all!" Jane was close to crying, and it was all I could do not to pull away and go to her. "Now I want all of you to lie face down on the floor." We did what we were told. I heard the tearing of duct tape, and I knew right then that we were going to die. He bounded my hands together, and I knew he was doing the same to my siblings. He came back to me and taped my nose and mouth shut, a split second after I sucked in a long breath. It would only last for a minute before I struggled for air. "Where does your mom keep all her valuables?"
"I don't know," Jane said, and she screamed in pain as he repeated the question. "I don't know," She said and began to cry.
"I'm going to ask one more time! And I want the answer!" he shouted. Before he could ask the question one last time, I heard a gagging sound. The sound wasn't coming from Jane. Instead, it was coming from him. I was too afraid to look, and I was too busy struggling for air. A split second later, I heard him coughing and gasping in pain.
"No need to be harsh. It's the only fair way to play. Don't you agree?" a low voice asked, and I heard him grunt in pain. "A smart cop should know where everybody hides valuable things in the house. Am I right?" I heard another sound of pain, and then I heard the removal of duct tape. A loud gasp sounded as I felt cold hands removing mine, and in a flash, it was off. Still, I didn't move from my position on the floor. I again felt his cold hands, and this time, removing the tape that was binding my own hands together. I heard my siblings gasping and panting next to me. The cop impersonator, on the other hand, was writhing in pain. I knew who was delivering it, but I couldn't be sure until I saw him with my own eyes. "Since this is your game, I would like permission to tell these six lovely kids to get up." A long minute past with just the sound of heavy breathing, and he sighed. "No answer? Hmm, I'm guessing the answer is yes?" I waited anxiously for his verdict as I silently whimpered. "Well, then," he said thoughtfully. "You can all get up now." I carefully sat up and looked around. The impersonator was on the ground in a fetal position, and my brothers and sisters were sitting up, too. All of them had the look of shock and surprise. The energy that was emanating from Trynnadon was murderous. I could feel it, and I could see it in his eyes. Bri screamed and attempt to launch herself at the person on the floor. She almost reached him, but Trynnadon grabbed her and held her back. She thrashed in his arms, grunting as she tried to break free. But she was no match against a vampire. He let her scream and thrash, until she ran out of energy and went limp in his arms. He stiffened, his jaw locked tight, and he definitely wasn't breathing, his head turned to the side in a painful angle. Ten minutes past, before Bri was finally calm. Trynnadon let go, and in a flash, he backed away from her. He turned to look at his victim on the floor, still in a fetal position, but no longer in pain. "What is your name, friend?"
"I'm Brad," he said, gasping.
"Well, Brad, I think we have a problem here."
He looked up at him. "What do you mean?"
Trynnadon shot a friendly smile at him. "I can't let you go now. You might end up killing someone. Not to mention you were planning to take out this family here today. What do you have to say about that?"
"I don't know what the hell you're talking about!"
"Really? I think you do." Trynnadon took a step closer to him. "We can do this the hard way or the easy way. It's your choice, choose wisely." He flashed another smile at him. Brad didn't so much as say anything. He just stared at the wall. "Hmm, I think this is going to be more difficult than I hoped for," Trynnadon said, backing away. I didn't notice that he had a gun in his hand until I heard the bullets being removed. Brad finally looked up at Trynnadon, a look of panic on his face. My siblings and I just sat there, watching. I looked toward Brad-a helpless human who didn't even have a clue who he was dealing with-against a vampire who was a thousand times faster, stronger, and deadlier than he was. I froze when Trynnadon was suddenly right in front of me. All eyes followed him as he put a hand on my shoulder. He handed me the bullets and the unloaded gun. "Put it somewhere safe," he said to me. I did what I was told, hiding the gun in the drawer of my desk before slowly walking back into the living room. Seth twitched nervously as I went to sit by him and the rest. Trynnadon closed the door that led to the front door, the hall, and the kitchen, blocking all possible escapes. If Brad wanted out of here, he'd have to go through the window. Next to me, Jane and Lily were quietly squealing. Everyone looked up, as the vampire slowly walked toward his victim who was curled up on the floor. He stopped just two feet away from him, and Brad straightened up from his position, moving away. Trynnadon smiled.
"Can I leave?" Brad asked, his voice shaking slightly.
"Now, what good would that do?" Trynnadon asked and shrugged. "I don't know. It depends."
"Depends on what?"
"On how you choose to play the game, of course."
Brad stopped breathing for a second, before composing himself. "Why are you doing this to me?" he shouted.
"Actually, you're doing it to yourself. You chose to act on your own behalf. To be honest, you chose the wrong place and the wrong time. I'm sorry to ruin your plan." By this time, Brad was sweating. Trynnadon chuckled under his breath. "Like I said, you chose the wrong place and the wrong time to act out your clever little ideas."
"I don't know what you're talking about!" I didn't see what move Trynnadon had made. It was too fast, but Brad was all of a sudden in extreme pain. He doubled over and was gasping like someone had cut off his airway for a long amount of time. I froze in place as I heard a snarl. I got the feeling my siblings had the same reaction as I did.
"You know damn well what I'm talking about," Trynnadon said through clenched teeth. He spat something at him, and it didn't look like saliva. It was thicker, and it hit him on the arm. The living room was suddenly filled with Brad's shrieks of pain. Bri and I stared at Trynnadon questioningly. The vampire just smiled at us and turned back to Brad. All of a sudden, it was quiet. I looked at Brad to see if he was still in pain, and it was apparent that he was. His mouth was wide open, as if he was screaming, and tears were streaming down his face. I couldn't see the thick substance on his arm, but when he touched the spot where the thick white thing was, he pulled his hand back and looked to be in more pain-although no sound escaped him. Jane was clutching onto me, as if I could make things better. Trynnadon was in front of Brad in a second, and I watched as he took his arm and swept his tongue over the invisible substance. Backing away quickly, he glared at him.
"What the fuck did you do to me?" Brad shouted at him.
"No need to shout." Seth and Lily came closer to Bri, Jane, and me. They threw their arms around me and Bri, shuddering. Brad was panting on the floor, no longer screaming since the thick white thing was gone. The phone rang, and except for Trynnadon, we jumped in surprise. Seth crawled his way to the phone and answered it, hitting the speaker button instead of picking up the phone.
"Hello?"
"Is everything okay?" my mom asked on the other end of the line.
Seth looked quickly to Trynnadon, who nodded. "Yeah, everything's fine."
"Where's your brother and sisters?"
"They're here." he said, glancing at us.
"Can I speak to Jane for a minute?" At the sound of her name, Jane shook her head vigorously.
"She just got up to use the bathroom," he lied.
"Oh, okay then. I just called to check up on all of you."
"Okay."
"I'll talk to you soon."
"Okay, bye mom."
"Bye." Seth said and pressed the speaker button to end the call. He came back to where we sat, holding our breaths. After a minute, we all breathed a sigh of relief.
"Nice job," Trynnadon said, and Seth smiled nervously at him. I didn't know that Brad was on his feet until Trynnadon moved. Guess I was too worried about how the phone call would end to notice. "Where do you think you're going?" Trynnadon asked him.
"I'm leaving!"
"Not so fast." The vampire was already there, blocking his way to the front door. "Don't be stupid, but do you really think I'm just going to let you go? I'm not that type of person who just let things go and forget about it."
"Please, let me leave."
Trynnadon sniffed the air, shaking his head. "I'm sorry, I can't do that yet."
"Why not?"
"You will see. Alyssa?" I turned to look at him. "You, your brothers, and your sisters can leave now if you like. Unless you want to stay and watch?" I turned to Jane, Seth, Leo, Lily, and Bri, giving them a questioning look. I stayed where I was. Only my two brothers, Jane, and Lily got up and headed toward the door that led outside. Trynnadon glared at Brad. "Don't you even dare try to escape. Our little fun hasn't begun yet." He opened the door, and they ran out without saying a word. The door closed just before Brad could make it halfway to his target. "Awww, I'm sorry," Trynnadon said, smirking as he stepped toward him.
"Please, please, please let me go," he pleaded with the vampire, and I inwardly snorted. He was begging him for mercy? This guy, Brad, tried to kill me, my two brothers, and my three sisters, and he is begging for mercy? I couldn't help it; I burst out laughing before I could stop myself. All three in the room looked at me like I was crazy. I finally got a hold of myself and stopped laughing.
"Sorry." I said to Trynnadon. He chuckled and came over to me. I froze as he stared at me for the longest time.
"I thank you for the distraction." He could tell that I was confused, but he didn't continue. He went over to Brad who was standing against the wall, deep in his own thoughts. Brianna, who had been silent for a very long time, stood up. She glared at Brad and started walking toward him, her right hand in her pocket. We looked at her, waiting for whatever she was planning to do. Brad smiled, and this made her angrier. She ran at him, a pocket knife in her right hand. Trynnadon growled and launched himself in between them. "Give me the knife," he said clenching his teeth. Bri, on the other hand, was holding the knife with all of her strength, and I could tell she wasn't going to give it up so easily. "Brianna." He said, enouncing her name. I checked on Brad and found him frozen in shock and unable to move.
"Bri, just give him the knife. Don't make it harder on him than it already is," I said, and Trynnadon nodded. It was a minute later when she finally handed over the knife and walked away, cursing under her breath. Trynnadon closed the knife and turned to address Brad who was standing behind him.
"We're going to play a little game."
"What?" Brad asked.
"You'll like it. It's one of your expertise."
Brad looked at him, confused. "What game?" he asked nervously.
Trynnadon smiled at him. "It's called Life or Death." Brad let out a gasp and backed away from him. "It's fairly simple to play. I promise it will be fun."
"No! I don't want to be a part of it."
"But you're already a part of it."
Brad moved further away from him. "Fuck you!" he shouted.
"So this is how you are going to play? Don't be so? difficult," Trynnadon said and chuckled. Brad attempt to run for it, but the vampire was again there, blocking his way out. "You can't escape me no matter how hard you try."
"Just let me leave! I have to be home before my girlfriend!"
"Hmm, is that so? Or are you just saying that?" he asked, eyeing him suspiciously.
"I'm telling the truth!"
"Let's get this over with, then." I braced myself for whatever was coming. I heard a low growl, and Brad panicked, looking anywhere but at the vampire. I glanced over at Bri. She was holding her breath, her body tensed up in fear. I turned back to see Trynnadon writing something on a paper, his hand moving at the speed of light. He got a pen from the cup and handed both pen and paper to Brad. "Here's how this works. I have a series of questions on this paper, and you're going to answer them truthfully. Understand?" Brad nodded. "The results of your truthfulness will decide your fate, so I suggest that you answer all my questions honestly. Are my instructions clear?" He again nodded and started on the paper that was now his lifeline. His hand was trembling and sweating as he wrote his answers down. It was a long eerie silence as we waited for him to finish. Trynnadon didn't take his focus off him throughout the whole process. I couldn't imagine what was going through Brad's mind at this moment. He finally put the pen down and glanced up. "Are you done?"
"Yes," Brad gritted out. I could hear a hint of hesitation in that yes. I bet Bri who was sitting next to me could also tell. Trynnadon held his hand out for the paper, and he handed it to him. My stomach tingled so uncomfortably that I couldn't sit still as we waited for the result. Trynnadon shot a quick glance my way, and Bri put a hand on my arm, squeezing so tightly that she cut off my circulation. She let go of me and looked nervously up at Trynnadon.
"Um, how can you tell if he's telling the truth?" Bri asked. He smiled at her, showing his fangs for the first time. "I have certain abilities. Maybe I'll tell you about it later." She nodded and stared at the bastard sitting about twenty feet from us. Trynnadon finally looked up from the paper. He walked slowly toward Brad, and crumbling up the paper, he threw it across the room directly into the trash can. He moved so fast I couldn't see what he was doing, but he was suddenly behind Brad. Brad spun around, but Trynnadon was already on top of him. Brad shouted incoherently as the vampire laughed softly. "Mmm, you love to play the liar game, don't you?"
"Get the fuck off of me!" Brad shouted, and Trynnadon did what he was told.
"Sorry," Trynnadon drawled, and Brad got up, running for the door. I heard a scream, and I winced as blood flowed from his nose and mouth. Bri and I stared at Trynnadon. He was stiffed as ever. His eyes were closed, one hand covering his nose and mouth and pressing his fingers to his temple. He got a hold on himself and opened his eyes. Those black eyes of his were burning with thirst. I cringed. Brad was still screaming as Trynnadon kicked him in the stomach. He doubled over and gasped for air.
"Very nice," Bri said and grabbed the stack of newspapers, throwing them at Brad. "Do you mind not ruining the carpet with your filthy blood?" Brad turned his head so that the blood was hitting the newspaper instead of the carpet. Trynnadon was again behind him.
"You left me no choice but to kill you." Brad again screamed.
"Control it!" Bri shouted to Trynnadon.
"I can't control it any longer, sorry." He half crouched, ready to launch himself on his helpless prey. I watched as he slowly moved toward Brad, a low growl escaping him. Brad was frozen in place, unable to defend himself. A growl turned into a snarl, and in a flash, Trynnadon had Brad in his arms.
"What are you going to do to me?" Brad asked as Trynnadon pressed his fingers gently into the side of Brad's throat.
"Don't worry, you won't feel any pain." I couldn't breathe, and I watch in horror as Trynnadon bent his head to Brad's throat, as if kissing him. My hands flew up to cover my ears as Brad's scream of agony filled the room. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. I watched his face slowly losing the color that was left of him. I heard the gurgling sound and the instant silence of his scream. I finally forced myself to take my eyes off of him, and I looked around. Trynnadon was standing across the room, staring at me. His now crimson eyes were observing me thoughtfully. "Too bad I can't really kill him," he growled. "Don't want the Council gunning for my head."
"Holy fucking shit!" Bri half shrieked. "That was creepy! Talk about amazing and scary at the same time!" She shuddered. "Um," she said and pointed toward Brad. Trynnadon followed her finger and grunted. "Um??"
"He'll come around. He won't remember a thing."
"Are you going to move him out of here?"
He nodded. "Clean him up. I can't go near him, less I decide to kill him."
Bri nodded. "Alyssa, help me drag him, will you?"


* * * * * *



Chapter five

TRYNNADON

"Do you think that was wise?" I grimaced and turned to the tall extremely pale figure standing in the shadows.
"Do I think what was wise?"
He growled as he came over to where I was standing. "You know exactly what I am referring to."
I sighed. "I rather not have you take my head, councilor," I said dryly. "It was either compel the human or kill him."
He smirked. "It seems to me," he said just as dryly. "That you have not gone deep enough into his mind."
I scowled. "I was too busy trying not to eat him."
He chuckled. "Fair enough," he said, and his eyes narrowed on me. "And did you think it was wise to approach the lovely witch and her family?"
"I didn't harm them if that is what you are worried about."
"Oh," he said softly. "That is not what I am worried about, and you very well know it." I raised my hand, taking a step away from him. "And you reveal to them what you really are. Now is that a good move on your part?"
"I know what I was doing. If they had truly freaked out, I would've wiped their memories of me."
"Would you?"
"I know the rules," I said tightly.
"Yes, you do. Keep those rules fresh in your mind while doing your job, protector. Tread carefully, for I will be watching. Closely," he finished and vanished into thin air. Wouldn't surprise me in the least, I silently muttered as I walked down Evanston Avenue.

ALYSSA

"I didn't mean to scare you all out of your wits. Maybe I should announce my entrance next time," Trynnadon drawled as we let out muffled shrieks. He went to sit on the couch beside Jane, who winced. He looked down at her and smiled. "Am I that scary, kiddo?"
"Um, yes?" she squeaked.
He smiled. "Sorry about last time."
"That's okay," she said in a whisper.
He leaned in to her. "Hmm, you smell good."
"As in?"
"As in sweet."
She looked at him nervously. "Do you really have fangs?" she asked, and we looked at her.
"Yes, matter of fact, I do."
"Can we see it?" Leo asked. He opened his mouth to reveal white teeth, and we watched as he extended two sharp fangs from out of nowhere. We let out a gasp, as he closed his mouth and leaned back, staring at us thoughtfully. We heard the bathroom door open, and in a flash, Trynnadon was gone.
"Don't stay up too late," my mom called to us.
"Okay, we won't," Lily said, loud enough for her to hear. Her bedroom door closed, and we relaxed. I looked back to where he was sitting and held back another gasp when I found Trynnadon there.
"How the hell do you do that?" Jane asked as he smirked at me.
"Do what?"
"Disappear like that."
"It's in my nature," he said and shrugged. "I can move fast."
"What else can you do?" Bri asked, interested. "I suppose you're not allergic to sunlight?"
"No, I am not."
"Does it do anything to you?"
"No."
"What about all the other stuff vampires get killed from?"
He laughed. "I don't sleep in coffins, I don't burn in the sunlight, I'm not allergic to garlic, stakes can't kill me, I don't turn into a bat, and silver can't hurt me." I didn't know what my brothers and sisters were thinking, but I was amazed. "Is somebody willing to donate a pint or two?" he asked, and I blinked at him.
"Huh?" Seth asked, turning around to stare at him. I, too, looked at him, and I noticed that his eyes were now black.
"Why do your eyes change colors?" I asked him.
"Because I am hungry."
"Go figure," said Bri. "When you're not, your eyes turn red."
"Smart girl, but I am always hungry. Red just means I can control it without trying too hard."
"Is it the blood that makes it red?"
"Yes," he said as he glanced around the room, his nostrils flaring.
"Sniffing for something?" Lily asked. The vampire just looked at her before turning to look at Jane, who cringed away from him.
"Can I give you a kiss?" She just looked at him, panicked. We heard a growl, and before we could scream or do anything, everything went calm. Trynnadon was still staring at Jane, and she sank lower into the sofa, as if it could swallow her whole and make her disappear.
"You won't hurt me." My eyes were fixed on them; Trynnadon, looking ready to spring on my sister at any moment, and Jane, scared shitless, looked at him pleadingly. He stared hungrily back at her as she took in a deep breath and sat up. Like somebody shocking her out of her seat, she sprang to the door. Before she could make it out of the room, however, Trynnadon grabbed her upper arm, pulling her to a stop as the door closed on its own. She squealed and tried to break free of his grip with no use.
"Shhh, look at me," he said softly. She looked up at him, but didn't meet his eyes. Putting his hand under her chin, he tilted her head back, forcing her to look him in the eye. "Breathe," he said as she turned blue. She blew out a gust of air, and the vampire practically flew away from her. We stared at him, horrified, because he was trembling, his back to us so we couldn't make out his expression. I looked back at Jane. She was standing where Trynnadon had left her, frozen in place. I looked toward my other siblings, who were also frozen in place. Bri met my eyes and quickly looked away. All of a sudden, another person appeared out of thin air. I was about to scream, but no sound came out. Seth looked at me nervously, and I shook my head. We looked at the newcomer. He was an inch taller than Trynnadon, his blond hair flattened down with gel, and his eyes were bright red. He also wore black clothes and the same blue bracelet Trynnadon was wearing. Putting his hand on Trynnadon's shoulder, he gave it a gentle squeeze.
"Hold it together," he growled. Trynnadon lunged for Jane, and the newcomer cursed before launching himself at Trynnadon, holding him down. They struggled violently, Trynnadon snarling at him. "Calm yourself. Control it." The vampire growled at the newcomer, trying to break free. From the looks of it, it was an even fight. The newcomer finally looked up and glanced at us. "Can you open the window?" he asked. Leo nodded and got up. He went to the window, quietly opening it. The cool air wafted into the room as he ran back to the couch, nearly knocking it over. He carried Trynnadon to the window, turning his head to the cool air as he took in a deep breath. Jane was still where she was, her eyes darting around the room. Her gaze went to the two vampires at the window, and she shuddered. "Stay there," he said firmly to Trynnadon who nodded. The newcomer let go of him and backed away from the window. This time, he did a quick scan of the room, taking everything in. He walked over to Jane and took her hand, leading her back to the couch. "Sit, girl." She sat and curled into a ball as Seth and Leo put their arms around her. "I'm sorry," he said. "Let me introduce myself. My name is Callan, and you all are??" he asked, looking at us expectantly. The silencing spell or whatever it was, finally lifted, and we took turns introducing ourselves. "Please to meet all of you," he said and looked back at the other vampire, who was still breathing in the fresh air from the window. "I would like to invite you all over to our place," he continued, and my siblings and I looked at each other.
"Um, how are we going to ask our parents for permission?"  Lily asked.
Callan looked thoughtful for a minute, before he nodded. "Are they going to be home tomorrow? Trynnadon here, tells me that they're barely ever home."
"Well, he's right. But how are we going to explain to them where we've been?" I asked.
"Hmm."
Trynnadon turned his head from the opened window and frowned. "I could probably convince them that you're all going on a trip with us." He glanced at us. "You know how Theresa is. She's up for anything," he said and turned back to the window. Leo looked at me, and I shrugged.
"He probably could," I said to them. "She probably trusts Trynnadon enough to let us go."
"Yeah, she doesn't know what she's in for," Bri said as Callan and Trynnadon chuckled.
"Anybody in for it?" Callan asked, and we nodded. "Wonderful," he said and smirked. "Since he can't think clearly right now, I'll come up with an excuse for Trynnadon to give to them."
"Sweet," said Seth. Callan gave him a tight smile as he went to stand by the other vampire before looking at us curiously.
"Is anyone willing to give blood?" Jane shook her head. "Anybody but Jane?"
"Not me," I said. "He already drained me twice."
"Okay then." He looked at Lily, Bri, and the twins.
"Not me," said Lily.
Brianna took a deep breath and winced. "Okay, I'll do it only if he doesn't kill me."
"He won't," Callan said and nodded, gesturing her to get up and go to the window.
"Um??"
"Go to the window. It's better this way, because he can control it, and he won't hurt you as much."
"Um, okay."
"Is there a certain place you are comfortable with?" he asked, and she shrugged.
"Um, well, not my neck. That's like my weakest spot," Bri said and moved slowly and deliberately to the window. Trynnadon slowly turned his head to her, and she instinctively took a step back from him. He put his hand on her arm and pulled her close to him. He stared deeply into her eyes, and her expression went blank.
"Anywhere in particular?" he whispered.
"Um, my arm?" Bri replied, sounding bored as I blinked at her.
"I've noticed that you are left-handed. Is that your strong arm?" She nodded as Callan went to stand behind her. Trynnadon put his arms around her, holding her in place. "Don't hyperventilate on me," he said. He touched her arm and firmly held it with his right hand. She wasn't looking at Trynnadon. Instead, she faced the other way, facing us, and her expression was still blank. He opened his mouth, his fangs fully extended. He growled, and I watched as he bent his head to her wrist, his fangs grazing her arm. Slowly, he sank them into her wrist, and she stiffened as the pain grew, and I could see the life draining away from her.
"Stop!" Callan said sharply. "Tryn, stop. That's enough." Trynnadon let out a growl, slowly withdrawing his fangs. "Let go of her. She needs to be able to walk back and sit down. She can't do that when she's unconscious." Trynnadon let out another growl. "Let go of her." With a tremendous effort, he released her. Bri staggered her way back to where we were and collapsed onto the couch. "You all need some sleep," said Callan. "Go to bed. I'll come up with ideas for Trynnadon while you guys are sleeping." I nodded and slowly got up as Seth and Leo helped Bri to her feet since she was still low on energy. We waved goodbye to the vampires and headed to our rooms.

A Hooded Figure

"Hmm," I said thoughtfully under my breath as I watched from the shadows.
"Should I go into spy mode?" a tall female vampire with dark red hair beside me asked with a chuckle.
"No, let's see how this plays out, shall we?"
She grumbled. "As you wish."
"Come," I said, putting my hand on her shoulder and leading her away from the house and toward Trynnadon.
"Honestly," the protector said in irritation. "You don't have to keep watch on me."
"Don't we?" I asked and nodded back to the house. "What do you call what happened in there, hmm?" I smirked. "You have not fed, have you?" I asked and nodded in a random direction that led to the streets. "Where is your partner?"
"He went off hunting."
"Mmm, and you did not join him?" He shrugged and walked in the direction I nodded to. "What is her primary? Alyssa, that is."
"Ice."
"And the little girl?"
"Wind."
"She is a precious little thing. Is she not?" He grunted as the female gave me an exasperated look. I chuckled as we came upon two rogues. Shaking my head, I pulled Trynnadon and the female both to a stop as we caught one of the two rogue's attention. "Let's play civilize and see what they want," I said in a low hiss.
"Let's," the female to my right growled. It looked like I was going to kill some rogues before dawn broke over the horizon in a few hours. Another unadventurous night, I thought as they stopped before us.
"Out for a late, late night snack?" one of them asked. Honestly, when vampire go rogue, did they also lose all common sense? Did their IQ drop from one hundred and eighty to twenty? Okay, not all rogues were stupid, but still. Who walks up to a tall guy wearing a hood that completely covers his face? I seriously didn't understand today's generation. Then again, I thought with a sigh. I wasn't giving off my true power signature.
"What if we are?" Trynnadon drawled. "You want to join us, I assume?"
He shrugged. "Five is better than two." He glanced around himself and frowned. "Do you sense any hunters nearby?"
I chuckled. "Now why would you ask such a thing?"
"Was just wondering," he said, taking a step away from me. "Are you one of them?"
"Perhaps," I said and smirked, even though he couldn't see it. "Perhaps not."
"Let's go," the other rogue muttered. "I have a bad feeling about this, man."
I shook my head. "Please, stay."
"Take off your hood," the first rogue growled. "Prove to us that you're not a hunter or with the Council."
"If I take it off, I'd have to kill you both. Of course, if that is what you want, just repeat yourself." Trynnadon grunted, his hand slipping into his pocket.
"Then you're a hunter or work for them in one form or another."
Trynnadon sighed. "What is this fascination with hunters and the Council anyways? Are you two on the run from them?"
They shook their heads. "We got to be careful around here. You never know who's going to stab you in the back. Know what I mean?" Okay, maybe they still did have some resemblance of common sense after all.
"Ah, got it," Trynnadon said, taking a step away from them. "So, what are you guys up to? Why pick this neighborhood?"
The taller rogue with long straggly brown hair shrugged. "We heard there were witches living in this neighborhood," he said as his eyes glazed over with remembrance. "You have to try witch blood. They're like nothing you've ever taste before."
"Really?" I asked, sounding interested. Inside, I was nothing but. Both rogues nodded vigorously.
"Drinking their blood is a fucking high," one of them said and shuddered.
"How many witches are here?"
"We heard two, but we're not sure."
I nodded. "Well," I said with a sigh. "It looks like that you two are out of luck in finding a witch tonight."
One of them arched an eyebrow at me. "Why is that?"
I shrugged. "This is why," I said, and faster than they could track, I had a blade buried in their chests. They let out gasps of pain, and their eyes widened in shock as blood began to pour from their wound.
"Damn it," the female vampire beside me said. "I wanted to do that." Grumbling, she moved away from me, scanning the area for more rogues or wandering humans.
"Just a piece of advice," I said softly to the two rogues, closing the short distance between us. "Don't talk to strangers," I hissed and pulled off my hood. "Because you never know whom you might be talking to." My hands flashed, fingers digging into one of the rogue's neck and tearing. In a matter of seconds, both rogues were on the ground, headless.
"You don't play fair, do you?" Trynnadon asked and winced.
I stared at him and gave him an evil smile. "No, protector, I don't." I nodded to the rising sun off in the distance. "Be on your way to wherever you were going," I said, grunting. "I won't interfere, unless you force me to do so." Trynnadon nodded, and I watched as he disappeared into the shadows. Setting the bodies on fire, I let out a long sigh and pulled my hood back on.
"Been a while since you got out and about," the redheaded vampire said from behind me.
I smirked. "Indeed," I said slowly. "It has."


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

ALYSSA

I had the feeling that someone was looming over me. My eyes slowly opened to find Callan standing in the darkest corner of my room, staring intently at me. He stepped out and came over to my bed. "Good morning, I didn't mean to wake you."
"No, that's okay."
"Trynnadon spoke to your parents about the idea I gave him. It worked out well." I smiled at him, and he smiled back. "Aren't you afraid of us?"
"Yeah, only when you're in your bloodlust stage."
He flashed an evil smile at me, and I cringed. "You and Jane have the sweetest blood, never thought I come across one as sweet as yours."
"Um, how do you know mine and Jane's are sweet?"
He leaned into me. "I can smell it. It's smells delicious, mouthwatering," he said and put a hand on my shoulder.
"No."
"Just a little taste?"
"No."
"Please?"
"No," I said and noticed that he wasn't breathing. I tried to push him away from me and failed miserably. He slowly let air out and released me. I moved away from him, shuddering. "Do you always feed on humans?"
"I prefer humans over animals." He turned to look at me and shrugged. His eyes were dark red, and that red was slowly fading as I watched.
"Is there a difference in taste?" I asked, having no clue where my questions were coming from.
"Yes," he said as I waited for him to continue. "Human blood has more flavors to it, and animal blood taste bland," he said, grimacing. "Let's go out into the living room."
I nodded. "Can I wash up first?"
Callan nodded. "See you there," he said and walked out.
"Okay."
I slowly got ready, taking a nice long hot shower to clear my head. After what seemed like forever, I turned off the shower and got out. Wrapping a towel around myself, I glanced toward the living room to find that Jane and Bri were up. I headed for my room, and once there, I dropped the towel, pulling out a pair of black jeans and a blue t-shirt and slowly dressed. I was not the type of girl who wore makeup or stuff like that. I wasn't the type to do my hair, either. I just put on a slab of lotion on my face and arms and ran my fingers through my hair. Leaving my hair loose, I went to the living room. "Somebody smells good," Jane said to me as I entered.
"Uh, thanks?"
"No problem!"
"Is anybody making breakfast?"
"I am," Bri said from the kitchen.
"Where did Callan and Trynnadon go?"
"They went hunting," said Jane.
"Oh, okay."
"They said they'd be back in half an hour or something."
I nodded. "Okay, we'll just hang then," I said and snorted, going over to sit next to her as the smell of bacon and sausage permeated the air.
"Breakfast's ready," Bri called from the kitchen a moment later, and Jane and I got up, going into the kitchen. "I'll wake up the others," Bri continued, dashing from the kitchen as Jane and I dug in hungrily. She soon entered with the others, and they too, began devouring the food. "Jeez! Calm down people!" she exclaimed, and we giggled, finishing up the rest of the food. After breakfast was over, Jane and Lily cleaned up the place while Bri and I scanned the area, making sure no vampires snuck up on us.
"Looking for someone?" a low voice drawled. Bri and I let out a small scream, and I turned around to find Trynnadon behind us, smirking. "Sorry." We stood there a minute longer, gathering our thoughts.
"Um, it's okay," Bri said as I went to sit down. "When are we leaving?" she asked.
"When everybody is ready, we'll go," he said, and we nodded. Just then, the boys, Lily, and Jane came in.
"How are we going to your place?" Seth asked.
"Driving, of course. I'm not going to make you run all the way there now, am I?"
"No." Trynnadon nodded and headed for the front door. After a brief second of hesitation, we followed him out and got in the car.
"Nice car," Leo said as I leaned back.
Trynnadon smiled. "It's not really mine. I stole it." We gaped at him, and he chuckled. "I hope you don't mind?"
"Um, No. We don't mind it at all," said Bri.
"Buckle up good." We settled ourselves comfortably in the seat, and he stared at us, giving us a questioning look. "Do you all like roller coasters?" We nodded. "Good, pretend you're riding one." Bri looked at him questioningly. "I drive a hundred miles per hour."
"Oh." Nodding, he put the car into gear and sped out of the driveway.
The trees flew passed us as we looked through the window, and before we knew it, the car was slowing down. He turned into the long driveway and stopped before a gate. The plain-looking white house was huge, and I wonder what it looked like on the inside. The gate opened on its own, and Trynnadon continued through it. A long minute later, he parked and got out. We followed him out of the car, up the porch steps, and stopped at the door. All of a sudden, everything went calm as he unlocked the door. Too fast for human eyes to catch, he punched in some numbers on the lock pad, and I heard a click. He opened the door and went in, holding it as we entered. The door closed behind us, and I looked around curiously, taking everything in. In front of us were stairs leading up to somewhere. To the right, the door led to what looked like a living room, and it was the same on the left. Trynnadon led us through the door on the right and came to a stop. To be honest, there was nothing much to see. The room was bare except for one couch on the right and a television set on the other side of the room. "Feel free to explore," Trynnadon said as I glanced up at the ceiling.
"Who's leading?" Bri asked.
"I am!" Jane exclaimed. Nodding, e followed Jane to another door. She opened it and we went in. It was a bathroom, the cleanness one I've ever seen. On the left was the sink and in front of it was a mirror. To the right was a toilet, and I frowned as Bri flipped down the lid.
"Wow, nice bathroom," Lily said dryly, and we nodded. The floor and walls were white, and on the sink were a couple of hand towels. We exited the bathroom and proceeded back to where we were. Going through the door on the left, we stop to look around. To the right were another couch and a table, and in front of us was another television set.
"Which way you want to go first?" Jane asked.
"Let's turn right and see the kitchen," Seth said, and we made our way to the kitchen. In front of us was a sink and windows that looked out into the bright morning. On the left of the counter was a refrigerator, and on the right were the trashcan and a cabinet. On the left side of the kitchen was the stove. We turned right and walked over to the other side, and on this side were the water fountain and an eating area. We left the kitchen and turned right twice, going down the stairs. Jane opened the door to the left to find that it was another bathroom. Opening another door to the left, we peeked inside. It looked like a hangout area and a computer room combined. On the right was an open area, and it looked like another living room, but nothing was in here. We kept exploring the big house, until we came upon the black door. Trynnadon flashed an evil smile at us, and I frowned at him.
"What?" Leo asked him. "What's in there?"
He shook his head, smirking. "Let's explore that room later," Trynnadon said as he led us upstairs and through a door. "Wait here. I'm going to put down some chairs and a table."
"Okay," Seth said as we watched Trynnadon open another door across the room. A minute later, he came out and led us into the room. Apart from a table in the center of the room with a telephone sitting on it and a few chairs around it, there was nothing here. The room was all white, dimly lit, and the air in here was cool.
"The room you just came in from is called the safe room," said Trynnadon. My siblings and I looked at each other, confused. "The room we're in now is the conference room," he said, smirking. "I'm thinking you all have questions for me?" We nodded. Just then, the door opened to reveal five people standing there. Trynnadon turned to them and nodded. "Come in." They came in, dropping into the available chairs. "Let me introduce these people to you. This is James, Eric, Callan, Abby, and Kallie," he said, nodding to each of them.
"Nice to meet you all," I said, and we went around and introduce ourselves to the vampires. I didn't need to give descriptions on the new vampires-mostly because they looked the same except the girls, of course. I noticed that the girls weren't vampires. Maybe they were, but I didn't have the nerves to ask.
"So, now that we've all met, let's get this Q and A session going."
"Are you all vampires?" Jane asked.
"No, Kallie and Abby are human," said Callan.
"What's behind the black door?" Seth asked. The four vampires smirked at each other, and they were probably having a silent conversation.
"Um, you'll find out later, just chill," Callan said, smiling at him. The so call Q and A session went on for another half an hour, until Lily asked the question of the day.
"We have the abilities to read minds, manipulate emotions, basic vampire stuff which I presume you all know what those are, and playing with your mind while you're sleeping," Trynnadon said and looked at me. "I was the one that made your dreams dark and hazy, and I wanted you to feel the pain," he said to me. "I hope you don't mind?" he asked, smirking.
"Uh?" I said, not knowing what to say to that.
"Next time, I'll make it colorful and happy." He laughed. "That's if I feel like it." James eyed him suspiciously. "Sorry."
"He is the meanest vampire you'll ever come across," said Kallie.
"Shhh, you're ruining everything," said Trynnadon.
She chuckled. "Hey, they have the right to know, don't they?" She winked at us, and without any hint of a warning, James got out of his seat and grabbed Jane. In a flash, Eric and Callan pulled her away before his fangs could graze her throat.
"James? No need to be hasty here," said Callan.
"I. Want. Her," James growled and bared his fangs at her. "She's mouthwatering." Jane squealed and backed away toward the door. James lunged for her, and she screamed. In a split second, Eric had him in a chokehold, forcing him down to the floor.
"Take him outside," Trynnadon said, and it took Eric, Callan, and Kallie to drag him out the room. "Sorry about that. He gets a little out of hand when he smells fresh blood, especially a lovely sweet one like yours."
"But how can you handle it?" Seth asked him.
"Mmm, I sometimes can't." He shot a glance at me. "Did your older sister ever tell you that I drained her twice?" Seth shook his head. "Well? it was very tasty." Chills ran up and down my spine at that, and I shivered as he looked at me. "You weren't crazy or going insane when you thought someone was in the room."
"It was you all along that did all that?" Bri asked, stunned.
"Yes. I followed you home on that very same day we met," he said to me. "You're a fast runner."
"Uh, so it was you that tapped my window?" I asked.
He grunted. "Yes. I was hoping you would open it and call out, but you didn't. So, I came up with another plan to get myself in, and it worked very well-better than I planned it to be."
I just sat there, slowly absorbing each and every word. "Wow."
"I was picking every brain to put my plan into action." For the first time throughout the conversation, Abby shifted slightly in her chair. Something about Trynnadon was making her uncomfortable. Hell, the whole room was feeling a bit uneasy. Trynnadon laughed and slowly, everything went calm. Abby turned to look at him, and I guessed that she was silently asking him a question, because a minute later He got up and open the door.
"Are you guys hungry?" she asked.
"Yeah," said Jane.
We got up and went downstairs to the kitchen where Kallie was getting things ready. "Have a seat, food will be ready in just a minute," she said. A few minutes later, we quietly made small talks as we ate steak, mashed potatoes, and green beans.
"James is in the isolation room," Trynnadon said to Kallie and Abby. We looked up at him, confused. "The isolation room is the only room you're not going to enter," he said to us.
"That room is for vampires only," said Abby. "It's the only room with no human sent lingering in the air."
"Oh," I said. "Can't he still come out though?" I asked.
"No, it can't be opened from the inside."
"Hmm, interesting," said Bri. "I have another question."
"Hmm, and what would that question be?"
"What does it feel like when you're thirsty?"
"Well, my throat burns, my veins tingle with the intent to kill, can't think clearly, I see red, a craving sensation, and well? you get the idea."
"Is that why you stiffen up when you're trying to control it?"
"Yes." I felt a presence behind me, and I turned around to find Callan looking at me. "Is somebody getting a little hungry here?" Trynnadon asked him dryly. Callan didn't answer. Instead, he just moved closer to me.
"Uh, stay far, far away from me, mister," I said to him and looked at Trynnadon for help. "Is there something I can hurt him with?"
"No, sorry." I got out of my chair and moved quickly away from the advancing vampire. "He won't hurt you. Come back and finish eating," said Trynnadon. "Walk slowly, though." I slowly went back to the table, grateful that Callan didn't propel himself on me. We finished eating in silence, Callan staring hungrily at me all the while. Bri poked me in the ribs, and I turned my head to look at her. She just shook her head. I nodded, knowing what she was trying to tell me. Kallie cleared the table as we got up and went to the living room. I heard a sigh, and before I could turn around to see who it was, I was knocked forward. I reached my hand to hit whoever it was, but my arms were twisted in a firm grip behind my back. The hands were cool, so it had to be one of the blood suckers. I tried to turn my head to see who it was, but I couldn't, due to my position on the floor.
"It's Callan," said Jane. Growling, I relaxed slightly, because I knew I couldn't fight him. Callan let go of my arms and I attempted to turn around. I guessed he was reading my mind, because he eased himself off of me, enough room for me to face him. I looked around the room to find that my siblings were watching all this. I finally looked at Callan. His face was unreadable, but his eyes were something else.
"Why can't you pick Jane instead?" I asked, trying to keep my voice steady. Of course, he didn't answer, and I instinctively put my hands out in front of me. He leaned in, until his chest was touching them. Smirking, he leaned closer. My arms were getting weaker by the second, and his hands pulled my resisting arms away with no effort on his part. I growled at him, and he growled right back. His, however, was scarier and more dangerous. I cringed.
"You can make a good vampire, you know that?" he asked. I didn't say anything, I just remained silent. He parted his mouth, and I could see that his sharp fangs were out. My breathing quickened, and I broke out in a cold sweat. "Would you like me to calm your nerves?" I couldn't say anything. Hell, I couldn't move. "Let me help you out," he said, and a wave of calmness washed over me. "Better?"
"Uh, yeah." I said and closed my eyes, so I didn't have to see it. I felt his mouth at my throat, and I stiffened. "No!" I screamed, and my eyes flew open. I tried to get him off of me, but of course, it was no use. He laughed, completely enjoying this moment.
"Do I have to silence you too?" he drawled.
"Uh-" Before I could get more out, my tongue felt like it rolled inward and out, cutting off what I was about to say. I looked around the room and realized that I was alone with him. I cursed silently, and the mind reader, missing nothing, laughed.
"They just wanted to give us some? privacy," he said. I didn't realize that I was holding my breath until I exhaled. Okay, that was a wrong move, I thought as Callan's fangs punctured my neck, causing a trickle of blood to drip down the side of my neck. He stopped it before it could hit the carpet. No shit, it hurt like a bitch. He would've kept on biting if my free hand didn't distract him. I turned my head to the side, and as helpless as I was, I couldn't do anything. He licked the blood off my neck, and I tensed as he sank his fangs into me with so much force I thought my heart skipped a beat. The pain was unbearable, and I screamed and screamed, but no sound escaped my throat as my whole body felt like it was on fire. What the hell? I thought. I could feel him drinking, but the pain kept getting worse. I couldn't breathe, and before I knew it, my vision blurred, and I slipped into darkness.
Voices? I could hear voices around me, but from whom? I was half conscious and in an agonizing pain. It felt like I've been submerged in boiling water. Opening my eyes, I couldn't make a sound or move as Eric and Trynnadon stared down at me. "Suck the venom out?" Eric asked.
"You," said Trynnadon.
"Fine." He bent down and picked me up off the floor. Leading me to the couch, he held me to him. I could see and hear all this going on, and inside, I was screaming. I didn't care what he did. I just want that venom out of me and fast. He bent his head to my neck and bit. It was a thousand times worst. I was paralyzed, and I couldn't scream out loud to tell him to stop. It felt like forever, but gradually, the pain holding me hostage slowly, very slowly subsided. A minute later, the pain was gone. Eric finally licked my neck and let me go. I weakly got a hold of myself, enough to sit on the couch and survey my surroundings. Okay? that was? creepy, I silently told myself. Weak and tired, I leaned back on the couch and fell into a deep sleep.
I felt a slight pressure in my head, and my eyes slowly opened. "Wake up sleepyhead," Trynnadon said with a wry smile.
"Be sure to kill Callan for me," I said to him.
"I'll be happy to." I wondered what time it was, I thought as I checked my watch. It was two thirty-five in the afternoon, and I frowned.
"Where are the others?"
"Your brothers and sisters?" I nodded. "They're out on the front porch. Would you like to join them?"
"Sure." He helped me up and led me to the door. I opened it and stepped out. Going over to one of the unoccupied chairs, I sat down. Looking around, I noticed that my siblings were staring at me. "What?"
"How do you feel?" Leo asked.
I thought about it for a second, and then shrugged. "Fine, a few hours sleep helped a bunch."
"Good to hear."


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

"So? what were you guys talking about while I was regenerating?" I asked.
"Nothing really," said Jane. "We were just waiting for you to wake up. Anyhow, want to play a guessing game?"
"Uh, why?"
"Because I got a weird message on my voicemail," said Seth.
"Oh, really?"
"For real, here listen to it." Seth threw his cell phone at me, and I caught it before it hit the ground. I flipped it open and hit the one button, holding it down until the voicemail screen popped up. I put the phone to my ear and listen to the only saved message. All I heard was a crackle of noise and whispering in the background. I couldn't make out what the person was saying, and I scowled. I shut the phone off and threw it back to Seth. "See? Now do you believe me?"
"I sure do. Could it be one of your friends?"
"No, it couldn't be. I would recognize their voices no matter what."
"Oh, just lovely, another fucker to fuck with," Jane said under her breath. The door opened and Eric stepped out.
"Want anything to eat or drink before I take you guys home?" he asked.
"You got any cookies?" Jane asked.
"Jane, you nearly ate the whole box of cookies the night before," Bri said and glared at her.
"But?"
"I'll give you some, sweetheart," said Eric. "Don't mind this mean sister of yours." He smiled at Bri and walked back inside. A minute later, he came back out and handed Jane a couple of cookies. "Do not kill yourself while eating that," he said to her as she laughed and stuffed a cookie into her mouth.
"I won't."
Eric stared at her a minute longer and shook his head. "I'll give you all five minutes. Don't want Theresa to think that we're kidnapping you," he smiled. "Although, I don't mind keeping you guys around," he said, licking his lips. He turned and went back inside, closing the door behind him.
"Yeah, hurry up and eat your cookies so we can get out of here," said Lily.
"Ooo, are you scared?" Bri asked.
"Shut up, Bri." She smiled at her sister and snickered.
"Okay, whatever you say, little sister."
"Oh, look. It's sunny outside," said Jane.
"And your point is?" I asked her curiously. She just shook her head at me, and I glanced up at the clock on the wall. "You got a minute to finish your cookie, Jane." She nodded and shoved the rest of the cookie in her mouth, chewing it slowly. We heard the door slowly opened, and Eric stood in the doorway. Jane swallowed and nearly choked as he came outside and looked around. He looked toward Jane, giving her a questioning look. "Um? yeah, I'm done." We got up and went to the door.
"It was a pleasure meeting you all," said Eric. "We shall meet again."
"Um, yeah," Seth said, and we nodded in agreement as we got in the car. The drive home was absolutely silent. I guess Eric didn't feel like speeding, otherwise we would've been home in a minute or less.
My mom was waiting for us when we got home. She greeted us and turned to Eric. "Hello, I'm Theresa," she said, holding out her hand.
"Hi, I'm Eric. It's nice to meet you," he said, taking her hand into his.
"Thank you for bringing them home safely."
"Not a problem. They were no trouble at all." I was standing in the corner, listening to their conversation and trying not to be seen. I was invisible to my mom, but Eric didn't miss a thing. I cursed myself and ran to the kitchen. I couldn't hear them very well from here, but it was better than having Eric making me feel tingly inside. Seconds later, I heard the door closing. I went to the living room and plop myself down as my mom came in.
"So, how was it?"
"It was okay," I said, trying to hide the unpleasant things that happened to me earlier. I didn't want to go into details at the moment, so I elaborated. "We-"
"We had lots of food," Jane said, interrupting me. "Eric gave me some cookies."
"Oh, that was nice of him."
"Yeah, and we went on a tour of the house. It was huge!"
Seth looked at Jane and sighed. "It wasn't that huge, but it was interesting, though," he said, looking toward me for approval.
I nodded. "Jane is just exaggerating," I said.
"Well, dinner will be ready in an hour. Go and soak up some sun. Time will fly faster that way." I nodded, glad that she didn't ask any more questions. I followed Bri outside and she turned to face me.
"Think mom will let us walk to Seven-eleven to buy something?"
"What you want to buy from there?"
"I just want to buy a drink."
"Go ask her." She went to ask permission as I waited outside for her. Seth and Leo were setting up something, but I couldn't tell what it was. Jane and Lily were just gossiping about something. I didn't bother to join in. Bri came out and gave the thumbs up sign and we were off before Jane, Lily, and the twins noticed. When we got to our destination, she asked if I wanted anything. I shook my head. "Nothing for me, but thanks anyways." We went inside the store, and Bri headed for the cooler and got herself a bottle of coke. She paid for her drink, and a few seconds later, we left the store.
"Where did you go?" Seth asked us as we walked up the driveway
"Um, we went for a walk," said Bri.
"What's in the bag?"
"Nothing."
"You're such a liar. Come on, spill it."
"It's my coke, want some?"
"You bastard! You went to Seven-eleven without me! God! Do I hate you!"
"No coke for you, then."
"Please?"
"Let's go inside first." Seth, Bri, and I went back inside. I went to my room as Bri and Seth headed to the kitchen.
I closed the door and sat down on my bed, trying to clear my head. Wow, I thought. Strange things had been happening lately. I nearly died of suffocation and blood loss. What was next? I got up and paced my room, scowling. What's up with that strange message Seth got earlier? My head was spinning wildly, and I didn't know what to pay attention to in the first place. "Fucking jackass trying to mess with us or something," I said out loud to no one in particular. I wanted to listen to that message again so I could try to make out who the fuck was doing all this shit. Composing myself, I walked out of my room as I heard my mom calling us to dinner, noticing that I was the last to enter the kitchen. We all settled down to eat as the front door opened. My dad walked in and greeted us all and grabbed himself a plate of food.
Fifteen minutes later, the table was cleared, and everyone went to their own spaces. "Wait," I whispered to Seth.
"What?"
"Come to my room for a second."
"Okay." Bri noticed the hush exchange between Seth and me and followed us to my room, going over to sit on my desk. Seth closed the door behind him and sat down on the floor. "Does she need to be here?" he asked, pointing at Bri.
"I can be in here if I want to," she said.
"Anyways," I said. "Can I have your cell just for tonight?"
"My cell? Why?"
"I want to try to figure out the message you got."
"Okay, let me know if you pick something up."
"I surely will."
He took the phone out of his pocket and handed it over to me. "Anything else?"
"No, that is all." He got up and exited my room.
"I guess he's still pissed at me about the coke," Bri said, smirking at me.
"He probably is." I flipped open the phone and went to his voicemail. I listened carefully to the message, but still didn't pick up anything from it. I threw the phone to Bri. "See if you can get anything from it." She nodded and put the phone to her ear. I watched as she repeatedly listened to the message over and over. "Got anything yet?" She put one finger up, silencing me. After a few minutes, she shut the phone off and turned to face me.
"I think I got it, but I'm not a hundred percent sure."
"Okay, give it your best shot."
"I think the person wants five million dollars."
"Five what?"
"I know," she said as she opened the phone. "Let me listen to it one more time." I nodded at her to proceed. "Yep, five million."
"How the fuck did you figure that out?"
"Oh, it's my nature to crack difficult, jumbled up shit."
"You're not shitting with me, are you?"
She made a serious face at me. "I bet my white ass on it."
"Wow, you really would? Would you bet your life on it?"
"Damn right I would."
"You want to tell mom and dad about it?" I asked.
"No, not yet, let's see if they call back."
"Well, we better get to bed before mom checks up on us." Bri got up and went to her room while I got in my bed. I put Seth's phone on the nightstand so I would remember to return it to him the next day.
I felt somebody shaking me awake. Opening my eyes, I found Leo looking at me nervously. "What is it?"
"I can't find Seth or Bri anywhere."
"Maybe Bri took Seth to buy something."
"Yeah, but Seth always tell me where he's going." 
"So you woke up and check every room and noticed that Seth and Bri weren't around?" 
"Yeah, and I checked outside as well."
"Wait a few minutes and see if they come home or not."
"Okay, are you getting up?"
"Let me sleep in a bit more. Make yourself something easy to snack on if you're hungry." Without another word, he left my room, and I fell right back to sleep. When I woke up for the second time, the sun was up. I checked the time to find that it was two thirty-five. Stretching, I got up. I went out to the living room, hoping to find my brothers and sisters, but none of them were here. I checked all over the house and finally found them outside. Bri and Seth were not there, and I joined them as they turn to look at me.
"No sight of Bri or Seth yet," said Lily. It's not like them to be gone for this long, so that worried me quite a bit, not to mention what my parents would say in all this. "We tried to reach them, but no answer from either of them."
"Well, I have Seth's cell," I told her. "So he wouldn't be able to answer it, but Bri, on the other hand, should be able to. Was her phone off?"
She shook her head. "No, it was on."
"So not like her," Jane said as we sat in silence for a long time, watching and listening for them to pop out of nowhere, hoping that this was all just a game. Unfortunately, that was not the case. With nothing to do, we slowly went back inside and waited for mom or dad to get home. The long hours dragged on with no sight of Seth or Bri anywhere.
At seven thirty, my mom finally walked through the door. Seeing our unhappy faces, she knew something was wrong, terribly wrong. "What's the matter? Is everything all right?" she asked, but we didn't say anything. "Tell me what's wrong," she demanded.
"Seth and Bri are missing," Jane said, looking down so that she didn't have to see her reaction to the news.
"What?"
"They're really missing. They've been gone since this morning or earlier."
"Did you try calling them? They didn't leave a note?" Jane shook her head, and that got my mom worrying even more. "I'm going to call dad, and we're going to search around the neighborhood."
"Okay, we'll be outside waiting," I said, and she scowled at me.
"No, you're going to wait until dad gets home, and then we'll go out together," my mom said to me firmly. I nodded to let her know that I understood every word she was saying. Without another word to us, she quickly left the room.
"Let's make sure to search every inch of the woods."
Jane suddenly smacked him hard on the arm. "Don't fucking jump to the conclusion that they might be dead!"
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was just making sure we search the woods as well if we have to."
"Dad is coming home now," my mom called from the kitchen. By the sound of her voice, I knew that she was trying not to cry. We ate a quick dinner and waited anxiously for dad to be home. Five minutes later, we were all outside and thinking of where to go first. Jane and I went off to the back yard and looked around. We got no response when we called out there names. Every little noise we heard got us excited, only to be put down a second later. Hours would pass with no signs of them anywhere. I started to panic more and more by the minute. I had to assure Jane that we would find them, and that we had to try to stay calm. I didn't want her to start crying for my sake. The others that were on the search didn't get a sign of them, either. All of us decided to take one more round before calling it a night.
Around one in the morning, we headed back home, and I went straight to my room. I didn't have time to think when Leo, Lily, and Jane came in. "Are you thinking the worst?" I asked them. They nodded as the door opened, and my dad stood in the doorway.
"I just wanted to say goodnight to you all. We'll start the search back up in eight hours or so." We said goodnight to him, and Leo wanted to know if the police was going to be involved. "Yes, I'll call if we don't find them in an hour into the search," he said and closed the door.
"I just hope we'll be able to find them, find them unharmed," said Leo.
"I hope so, too," I said to him.
"I just can't-" I spun around and looked toward the window where a soft tap could be heard. Apparently, the other three heard it as well, and we waited to see if it would happen again, and sure enough, it did. I felt a little pressure in my head and, I surely knew what that meant. Open the window, someone said into my mind. I stood there, unable to move.
"Jane, what are you doing?" I asked.
"It's one of the vampires outside," she said. "He told me to open the window."
"Let's see what they want," said Leo.
Jane moved to the window and opened it, before turning back to me. "It's Trynnadon and Eric," she said.
"May we come in?" Trynnadon asked her. She looked back to me, and I nodded.
"Yes, you may come in," she said to them, and in they came, through my opened window.
Being the big sister that I was, I moved in front of Jane. "Can I help you with something?"
"You don't look happy to see us, is this a bad time?" Trynnadon asked.
"Um? yeah. It's kind of. Seth and Bri have gone missing." The two vampires looked startled for a second, before composing themselves.
"We're um, sorry to hear that," said Eric. "If you need our help, just let us know."
"Okay," I said.
"I'll talk to mom about it," said Jane.
"When you do, are you going to finally tell her what we are?" Leo and Lily moved uneasily from where they stood, silent in the corner.
"Will you kill me, if I do?"
Eric smiled at her. "No, I won't," he said. "And neither will he. We'll leave now and let you all get some sleep." At that, Eric and Trynnadon went back out the window and took off toward the sky. Jane, Leo, and Lily left my room after they took off, and I went to close the window. I got in bed, but I couldn't sleep. I lay awake for another two hours, before finally drifting off.
I woke up feeling like I've slept for only ten minutes. My door was opened, and I could hear Lily talking to our parents. I got up and went out to join her in the living room. "I told them about last night," she said to me. I looked toward both of my parents, and they clearly didn't believe a word.
"It's true," I said.
"Is there proof?" my dad asked.
"Yeah," Jane said as she walked toward us. "They have fangs and they're super strong and fast!"
"They're willing to help us look for Seth and Bri," I said.
"Come on, it's our only chance of finding them," said Jane.
"Okay," my mom and dad said in unison. Just then, the doorbell rang. My dad got up and went to answer the door. I looked to see who it was. Of course, it was Eric and Trynnadon. They exchange a few words, and my dad reluctantly let them in. A minute later, Leo joined us in the living room, looking nervous.
"We're sorry about all this," said Trynnadon. "From what I heard and saw, I told these lovely kids of yours that we would help out in any ways possible. They've already agreed to it, and now we would like your consent to let us help you." My mom and dad looked at each other for a long time and frowned.
"Are you really a vampire?" my dad asked him.
"Yes."
"Can you prove it?" In a flash, Trynnadon was in front of my dad, holding him, his fangs out. "Okay okay, I believe you," my dad choked out, and Trynnadon released him, backing away a couple of steps. My mom was in shock, and it took her a while to get a hold of herself. She gestured toward the hall, dismissing us. I was the last to leave, because I so wanted to know what they were going to talk about. I went to my room and left the door opened a crack. Going over to sit on my bed, I strained to hear, but it was useless. Silently cursing, I went to stand by the door and listened.
"Will you promise me that you'll find Bri and Seth and bring them home?" my mom asked the two vampires standing in the living room. "No matter what happens to them, dead or alive, we want them back. Please, will you agree to not stop until you find them?" I quietly opened my door a little bit more and peered out. Eric and Trynnadon looked at both of my parents intently. Feeling a slight pressure in my head, I waited. Please, come out here, Trynnadon mentally said to me. I stepped out of my room as Lily, Leo, and Jane did the same. We entered the living room as Eric and Trynnadon turned to face us.
"I give my word to all of you that we'll do our best," Eric said, looking at each and every one of us in the eye. With a nod to us, the two vampires turned to leave. Before my dad could close the door on them, they turned around and said four more words, putting us at ease that someone was out there looking for my brother Seth and my sister Brianna. "We. Will. Find. Them."


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

ERIC

Have you ever asked yourself what would you do if you ever meet a vampire, or what it would be like to become one? My name is Eric Diloschuvick, and I am a vampire. Yes, I am scary, and yes I am dangerous to human kind, but there's one thing they don't know about me or about my organization. I'll talk about it later, or when I feel like it, actually. I was introduced to a family of eight just days ago. It all started out with my partner in crime, Trynnadon. After his encounter with a pretty young girl, Alyssa Kegorah, he was enthralled with her sent, and soon after, so was I. We decided to invite Alyssa and her brothers and sisters over for a little while, that was how I came to find her? interesting. They're not like other humans. Well, Alyssa and Jane were not like other humans. They were witches, but still. Usually they would turn and run the opposite direction after they found out what we were. I wouldn't blame them at all. They should be afraid of us, but there's some who are interested and want to get to know us. We tried to live in secrecy as much as we could, but sometimes things get in the way. Enough about that for now, because just last night, Trynnadon and I found out that two members of the Kegorah family had gone missing. The family agreed to let the NSC help out in the so call search with a desperate plea for their return alive and well. It's not an easy task to do, but I gave them my word that I would do the best I could. Trynnadon slipped a note on to Alyssa's desk while she was sleeping. The note contained information about us and what we do. Trynnadon and I are the leaders of this crew which consist of ten members. We stalk silently in the night watching, listening, and most of the time hunting for the next victim. We feed and erase their memories before letting them go on their way. We protect the innocence and kill the criminals, and right now, Trynnadon and I are about to have some fun. "You think the girl found the note yet?" I asked.
"I don't know, but if she does, she'll probably call." I smirked at Trynnadon, knowing that he was probably right. It was a couple more hours until sundown. Even though the sun didn't kill us, we preferred the night.
"Well, I'd be interested to hear what she has to say about it." I opened the door and stepped out.
"Eric." Muttering, I headed toward the voice on the other side.
"Yes?" Warren took a step back as I stopped a foot in front of him.
"I spot a few people hanging around this area."
"And?"
"They look suspicious to me. They were conversing quietly about something."
"What did you pick up from them?" I asked, taking a step closer to him.
"Um, I don't know. I couldn't catch what they were saying."
"Really?" I put my hands on his shoulders, and he flinched under my touch.
"Yes, one of them had a knife on them."
I took my hands off of him and studied him very carefully. Warren is a tall, built, muscular security guard with brown hair and bright green eyes. "How many people did you see?"
"Three."
"Did the others have anything on them?"
"I don't know." I pushed him up against the fence, my fangs extending to their full length as I pressed my weight against him. He gasped and looked away from me. I growled, getting his full attention.
"If you see them again," I hissed at him. "Radio me immediately."
"Yes, I will," he said, stuttering.
I backed away and ran off, cursing under my breath. I could feel the anger and bloodlust boiling up inside of me. I spit the nasty taste of venom out of my mouth and scowled. Thanks Warren, I said to myself as I went to the back. No human eyesight could detect something out of the ordinary, but my acute vision picked up something right away. Two rogues and a human were standing in the shadow surrounded by trees. I smiled to myself. Could this be the three that Warren was talking about? I took off toward the sky and went closer. Blending myself with the trees, I listen to their conversation. There were two males and a female. "Are we set on the plan?" one of the rogues said softly to his companions, and the other two nodded.
"This place looks like it has security alarms everywhere," said the female human.
"We'll find a way to get in without setting off the alarm," said the second rogue of the group. I landed quietly and stepped out of the trees, making myself known to the three bastards in front of me. I could definitely tell that I caught them by surprise. I smiled at them, trying to hide my fangs.
"Hey there," I said to them, stepping closer to the female. "What are you three doing here?"
"We? I? um? we were just walking around, sir," said the taller rogue. I took a peek into his head and silently growled. He was fucking lying all right, and I also picked up the fact that he was the leader of the group. Hmm, I thought. They were young in vampire age-fledglings more like. So it was easy enough to slip into their heads and rummage about. Using my vampiric speed, I was in front of him in a flash. He quickly backed away while his eyes darted all over the place.
"Really? I thought I heard you guys planning something. Am I hearing things?" They turned to run, but I got in front of them, pushing the taller rogue to the ground. I laughed under my breath and stared them down. "You want to try that again?" I asked and reached out for the human, and she quickly backed away from me. "I'll tell you right now that there's no chance of escaping." Their eyes widen in terror, and I smiled, showing a hint of my fangs. The female saw this, and she let out a scream as she ran for her life. I let her run until she got to the road, and then using my power, I called her back. She responded like a child obeying a parent. I got a hold of her as the other two stood frozen to the spot like a bunch of fucking assholes. She squealed and tried to break free from me, but it was no use. "Let's go inside," I said to them. "Isn't that what you all wanted to do? Free access, no sounding alarm in the way." I looked at the taller rogue and smirked. "What do you say, partner?" He choked on air and turned to run, but I mentally pulled him back, pushing him to the ground as I did the same with the other rogue. "Let's try to be smart here," I said, still holding the female in my arms. "You're going to come inside, or this girl will die." I wrapped my hands around her throat, and she let out a bloodcurdling scream, attempting to break my hold on her.
"Okay okay, we'll come inside!" the taller of the two rogues shouted.
Straightening, I didn't release the human as I led the way back to the house. "I'm glad to hear that."
"Are you a hunter?" one of the rogues asked.
"Do I look like one?" I asked, stopping before Trynnadon.
"Mmm, look what we have here," said Trynnadon. "Are you going to share them with me?"
"Maybe, if I have any left."
He smiled and opened the door that led down to the dungeon. "Have fun," he said to me and vanished out of sight.
The smaller rogue once again tried to flee, but I grabbed him and kicked him down the stairs along with the other two. I closed the door and locked it behind me as I went down the steps. Oh, what a fun night this is going to be, I silently said to myself. The dungeon was plain and dull. The walls were painted grey and the floor was black, just the way I liked it to be. It was also soundproof and inescapable. "Now that you are inside, what is it that you want?" Nobody said a word or made a move, and I sighed. Pulling out my little taser device, I pressed the button. I aimed the device at the human, and two prongs shot out and imbedded themselves in her skin. She screamed and pulled them out, cursing. Seeing the trickle of blood on her arm, I groaned as the other two rogues let out a long hiss. She looked at her arm and shuddered. "I'll ask again. What did you come here for?"
"Money," the taller rogue managed to choke out.
"Mmm, I'm sorry we don't have any. I think you want something else as well. I'll let you three talk it over for a little while, but when I come back down, I want the answer. Is that clear?"
"Yes, sir."
"And if I find the human drained when I come back, I will have the Council on both of your heads faster than you could take your next breath," I warned and threw the female away from me. I went back up the stairs and closed the door behind me, barring it with steel locks. Laughing, I punched James. "Don't fuck with them. They're mine." He nodded and walked away.
Entering my office, I slammed the door shut. I didn't bother turning on my computer like I always did. Since I wanted him to scope out the Kegorah's property, I silently call Trynnadon to me. A minute later, I could hear him coming down the hall. I mentally opened the door, and he walked in. "What's up, Eric?"
"Do you mind scoping out the Kegorah's place for me?"
"Of course, I'm on it. I'll radio you if I know something."
"Thanks, man."
"No problem," he said and was gone. I got up and left my office, heading back to the dungeon. I signaled for Kallie to follow me. We stopped in front of the door, and I unbarred it and slowly opened it. I turned to her and told her to go down first and retrieve the knife from one of the rogues. She did what she was told, coming back up a long minute later.
"Good," I said to her and pointed toward the door, telling her to leave. I went down the stairs and waited for one of them to speak. When none did, I sighed. "Gabriella." The human cringed and backed herself into the corner of the room.
"How do you know my name?" she asked me, and I just smiled at her. I peeked into her mind and winced. She was forced to do this, in fear for her life.
"Who forced you?"
"What?"
"I said who forced you?"
"I don't know what you are talking about."
In a flash, I was in front of her. "Who force you to join the so-called gang?"
"Um? I? it's?" She looked at the taller rogue, and I didn't have to peek in her mind to get the answer. By just the look she was giving him, I knew that he was the one forcing her to join. I radioed Kallie to come and get her so that I could deal with the other two. Gabriella was taken away, and I was free to have fun with my two friends for the night.
"I'm getting a little annoyed here. Is somebody going to tell me exactly why I found two pathetic rogues and a human planning out a break in?" Still getting nothing from them, I growled in frustration. The two males left in the room flinched. "Are we going to play this the hard way or the easy way?" There was another minute of silence, and I glanced up at the ceiling. Fuck this, I thought and grabbed the taller rogue, pushing him against the cold stone wall. I could pluck out their names, but it so wasn't worth my time. "By god help me, if you don't talk in the next three seconds, I have Tristan on speed dial. Do you know who that is?"
"We had an idea of kidnapping one of the girls we saw walking around this area," he said to me, his voice shaking uncontrollably. "We were going to compel Gabriella to do the talking, if you know what I mean." Finally, I thought and smiled inwardly.
"Why?" I hissed at him.
"We were going to kidnap her and drain her." I took a step away from him, turning to face the second rogue in the room. I dragged him to the other side of the room and shot him with the taser. He groaned and doubled over in pain.
"Don't you fucking touch him," said the taller rogue. I smiled a wicked smile. "Where did you send the girl too?" he asked me.
"Why do you care? You were going to kill her anyways if she didn't help out."
"I wasn't, I swear." He was straight up lying, but I wasn't going to let him know that yet. Instead, I gave him another taste of my taser.
"Do you expect me to believe a word you're saying?" The smell of blood was overwhelming, but I wasn't going to give in to my urges and beat the shit out of them yet. I wanted them conscious a little longer, and I wasn't done questioning them. "Just for your information," I looked directly at the taller rogue. "Gabriella is now mine."
"No she isn't. She's mine."
"In what way?" He remained silent, and I bent down and leaned in. "She didn't want this, and you forced her into it. Do you have anything that can stick me or hurt me?"
"No, sir." I turned to the other rogue, waiting.
"I don't have anything on me." Lost in my own thoughts, I didn't notice that one of them had a gun until I was shot in the leg. I went down hard, grunting. I could feel the blood gushing out, and I just looked down at my wound that was already healing. I snarled and knocked the gun out of his hand.
"You stupid fucking bitch." I bared my fangs and launched myself at the taller rogue, knocking him to the floor. The other rogue lunged for me, and I dodge, kicking out and connecting with his head. He grunted, and I cursed as the other rogue sent me flying. Lights burst before my eyes as my head smacked against the stone wall. A little dazed, I slowly got up and caught the fist aiming for my face. I squeezed until I felt bones crushing in my hand. The rogue let out a scream as I grabbed him and bashed his head into the wall. Before the other rogue could go for the gun, I flashed to it and picked it up, twisting it until it no longer looked like a gun. Tossing the piece of metal aside, I wrapped my hands around the rogue's neck and squeezed until my fingers broke the flesh. An alarm of warning shot down my spine, and I stiffened. The rogue I was strangling suddenly went very still, and I slowly released him. The back of my neck tingled as adrenaline coursed through me. If I didn't know better, I'd think this was all a trick. As both rogues stood or crouched, frozen in terror, I knew that it was not a trick.
"Were you going to kill them, protector?" a low deep voice growled from behind me. Shit, I silently hissed. Shit, shit, shit. Not even daring to breathe, I slowly turned, hating the fact that I had two rogues behind me. "Where is the female?" the hooded figure of a Council member asked. No pale skin or the silver of a blade could be seen as I looked him up and down. I couldn't even see his eyes. If a member of the Council had their hood up or in the Council chamber, they're most likely not fucking around, and you'd do better not to piss any of them off.
"She is upstairs, sir."
He gave the slightest nod of his head. "And you have not answered my previous question."
I inwardly winced. "Yes, sir. I was." I stiffened as he pulled his hand from his pocket. In it was a small scroll, and he held it out to me. I took it cautiously, not taking my eyes off him as I popped the seal.
"That will be effective for a mission or two."
"I'm sorry, sir. I should've contacted the Council the moment I locked them down here."
He chuckled. "Not to worry, protector. Your partner contacted us on your behalf." He looked past me, and I wished I could see his expression. "Keep that close at hand," he warned. "You might need it." At that, he vanished into thin air.
"Damn," I muttered. "Left before I could ask how he got in here." Spinning around, I backhanded one of the rogues into the opposite wall. "But sucks for you both, because as you saw a second ago, I now have permission to kill you."
"Protector," one of the rogues hissed and launched himself at me.
"That would be me," I said and met him midair. "Trust me. I'm not as bad as one of the hunters." Pocketing the scroll, I head butted him. Grabbing him around the throat, I again dug my fingers into his neck. "They are fucking vicious bastards," I finished and tore off his head. Before I could get to the other rogue coming at me, a blade struck him in the throat.
"Care if I kill this one?" Callan asked dryly as he came down the steps.
I shrugged. "He's all yours." He nodded and flashed to the rogue. I winced as he yanked out the blade and drove it into the rogue's chest. After twisting the blade, he grabbed the head and tore it off. Retrieving his blade, he straightened, wiping it off with his shirt.
"Was it just my imagination, or did I feel the unmistakable energy of a powerful vampire?"
"It wasn't your imagination," I said as I headed up the stairs.
"Who was it?" he asked, following me out of the dungeon.
"A member of the Vampiric Council, believe it or not."
Callan stopped walking abruptly and let out a hiss. "Don't fuck with me."
I stopped walking and turned to him. "Would I fuck around if it had something to do with the Council?"
"Tell me it was not one of them."
I laughed. "Oh, it was one of them for sure. Who wears a freaking hood?"
"Shit," he breathed. "What did??"
"He want?" I finished for him. Callan nodded. "To give us a scroll that says we could kill rogues for however long it states."
"Did you look at it?"
I shook my head. "I just popped the seal." He nodded, and we continued walking into the main house. "I'll drop it on Tryn's desk after I wash up," I said and headed for my room.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

A Hooded Figure

"Thank you," I said slowly and softly. Wesley, the human tech for the NSC nodded, looking anywhere but at me. "Tell me," I continued. "How is it working for the vampires, hmm?"
"It has been great," he said, gulping.
"Has it?"
He nodded. "They saved me from a rogue attack nine years ago, but I supposed you already know that."
"Yes," I said thoughtfully. "I had the pleasure of draining them, slowly, and painfully." He shuddered, and I smiled behind my hood. "Is everything controlled within this room?" I asked, scanning all the monitors. One monitor showed the gate while some showed different angles of the HQ itself. I shook my head at one showing a stone room with a lot of blood, and two dead rogues. I sighed. "Who is going to clean up the mess in there?" I asked, leaning on the wall beside the sliding glass door.
Wesley shrugged. "One of the vampires will."
"Mmm," I said thoughtfully. Why they had humans as security guards, I had no fucking idea. Just thinking about it made my head hurt. I wasn't saying that humans couldn't do their job, but against vampires, it was a completely different story. Of course, if they had means of protecting themselves, I hoped for their sake, that they also had good reflexes, speed, and able to be on alert at all, all times. Nodding to the human, I straightened and flashed through the door, leaving the tech lab. As I headed outside, I mentally reached out and growled into the mind of a hunter. Come to me.

ERIC

I flew up toward the sky, enjoying the view from above. Circling the house one last time, I landed and headed back inside. Leaning against the doorframe, I went into my so call state of downtime to clear my head. I felt a hand on my arm, but I didn't move or say anything. "Eric, you look a lot paler than a few minutes ago," Kallie said, her voice sounding so far away to me. She wasn't alone. Gabriella, the female I spared was with her, but I still didn't come out of my downtime state. "Eric, you need to feed." Okay, she was right about that. My eyes were probably showing it as well.
"Do I?" My voice came out sounding just a little menacing, because they both took a great big step back from me.
"Um, yes," she said, her voice quavering slightly. Gabriella came closer, and I eyed her questioningly. Was she offering her vein to me? No human ever done that so willingly.
"Eric, I knew you wanted me in the beginning to start with," said Gabriella. Okay, I did want her. She slowly held out her wrist, making her point clear. "Just take it." I pulled her close, and Kallie stepped up right behind her. I smiled.
"Did you somehow put a spell on her mind?" I asked her.
"No, it was all her idea. I'm just here to comfort her."
"Well, that's sweet of you, Kallie." I bent down and put my mouth to Gabriella's wrist. She held her breath and gasped as she felt the sharp pain of my bite. Her blood flowed slowly into my mouth, and I tore at her wrist as she gasped and squealed, trying not to scream. I kept drinking, until she went limp in my arms. Sighing, I licked at the wound, closing it. Letting her fall into Kallie's arms, I watched as she was escorted away to rest somewhere. I licked my lips and headed for my room. Good nights never go well without problem arising every now and then, I thought and opened the shutter, peering out into the night. A minute later, I secure the shutter tightly in place and exited my room in search of something to do. On my way out the door, Trynnadon stopped me.
"Want to fly with me to the Kegorah's place?" he asked.
"Sure, nothing to do. Might as well." We flew off into the night, arriving at our destination five minutes later.
"Go see if you can find anything unusual while I talk to Alyssa." I nodded and made my descent to the ground. I watch Trynnadon vanished out of sight before making my way around to the front of the house. Scanning the trees, nothing jumped out at me like I hoped for. I slowly made my way around to the back. I scowled when I found nothing. Paying close attention to the ground, I looked for any footprints lying around. Not finding anything, I flew up toward Alyssa's window, waiting for Trynnadon to come out. I didn't even bother to listen in on the conversation. Moments later, the window opened and Trynnadon came out with a cell phone in his hand.
"What do you have there?" I asked.
"It's Seth's phone. I think Wesley will be able to get something off of it."
"Wonderful." We headed back home and straight to the tech lab. Trynnadon handed Wesley the phone and nodded to the many computers.
"See what you can get from it." Wesley flipped opened the phone and scrolled through the menus. He entered the voicemail and listened.
"I can't make out anything," he said and gave the phone to Trynnadon. I leaned against the wall, waiting.
"What is it, Tryn?" He didn't answer, just repeated the message. "Five million?" He nodded, exhaling sharply. He closed the phone and set it down on the table. "Go through his text messages," I said to Wesley who picked up the phone and scrolled through the menus.
"He doesn't text much from what I can see here," said Wesley. "Nothing suspicious here, either."
"What about Brianna? Does she have a cell phone?" I asked Trynnadon.
"Her phone was on her when she was taken."
"Hmm."
"I think we should have James and Callan stake out the place," said Trynnadon.
"I agree," I said and radioed James and Callan to come to the tech lab as soon as possible. I sat myself down in an empty chair and played the waiting game. Not long after, they came in, nodding to us. After explaining their jobs to them, I sent them on their way.
Slipping out of the tech lab, I went outside. I sniffed the air and smelled fear, anger, and? fresh spilled blood? Tracking the scent, I followed it. The scent led me several blocks away. From here, on Evanston Avenue, the smell of blood almost drove me mad. I stood silently in the dark, listening. I heard the sound of heavy breathing from somewhere, and I headed toward the sound, stopping at the bush. I could see blood trails everywhere, and levitating a few feet into the air, I did a quick search. Hiding in the bush, barely conscious and covered in blood, was a young female. Holding my breath, I landed beside her and looked her over carefully. There were many stab wounds on her body. I bent down and laid a hand on her arm. Hissing, I jerked away as her pain shot through me like fire. "Who did this to you?" I whispered.
"That bitch, Crystal," she wheezed out. "I'm going to die."
"No you're not," I said and picked her up, launching both of us into the sky. She screamed and screamed, until her voice gave out.
"Oh, hell," Trynnadon cursed. He opened the door and followed me to the infirmary. Once there, I lay her gently down on the bed.
"Call Dr. Jenkins," I said tightly. Trynnadon punched the emergency button on the radio, and a second later, we heard Dr. Jenkins voice telling us he was on the way. I stared at the bloody girl on the bed, and Trynnadon let out a warning hiss.
"Don't," he whispered to me.
"I? know? who? you? are," said the bleeding female. Trynnadon and I just stared at each other. "I watched you every night."
"Tryn, is she hallucinating?"
"I'm not," she said, her voice growing weaker. The door opened, and in came the doctor. "About time you came," Trynnadon muttered.
"Yes, now I need you to get out of here," he said to us. We didn't move an inch from where we stood, and the doctor got in between the bed and me. "Get out, get out get out!" I groaned and turned around, but didn't head for the door. "Out!" He pushed at us, and we reluctantly went to the door. Trynnadon snarled and ran from the room. I was so overcome with bloodlust that I couldn't tear my eyes away from the blood. "Eric, please get out. I can't take care of the girl when you're standing here salivating," he said, but I still didn't move. "Abby, take him out of here," he continued as the human appeared in the doorway. She grabbed my hand and with all of her strength and her pleading she could muster up, she managed to pull me out of the room. She dragged me outside and shut the door.
"Eric, snap out of it." I looked at her, dazed. She let go of my hand, and I knocked her to the ground. She cursed, and then let out a small scream as I snarled and bit her. She shrieked as I released a small dose of venom, paralyzing her. I fed hungrily for a long minute before reluctantly closing the wound and getting off of her. I stared into her eyes, putting her into a deep sleep to fight off the venom. I signaled for Warren to take her inside, and I went to the isolation room and locked myself in.
I fell to the floor and breathed heavily in and out. No human scent lingered in here, and the air was a little chilly. I stared up at the white ceiling, unable to think straight. I bit down hard on my lower lip, drawing blood. I licked at it with pleasure. What a great night this was turning out to be, I muttered to myself. I fed three times today, and I was still hungry. God fucking damn it! Calling Gabriella to me, I got her to open the door. Without a word to her, I went to the living room to watch some boring shit, because I had to get my hunger under control. Half an hour later, I got a hold of myself, enough to visit the infirmary. I slowly made my way to the other side of the house where the infirmary room was, stopping to knock before letting myself in. The blood on the floor was cleaned up, but with my acute senses, I could still smell the blood lingering in the air. I walked across the room and entered Jenkins's office. He looked up from his stack of papers and leaned back in his chair. "How is she doing?"
"She's out of danger for now. We'll see how she is when she wakes up."
"What happened to her? I want a full doctor report."
"She had a few scratches and bruises. She also has nine stab wounds on her upper body and defensive wounds on her hands, missing all her vital organs by an inch. If the attacker stabbed her an inch from the original spot, it could've punctured her pericardial sack." I had no clue what the hell he was talking about, so I just stared at him, confused.
"Pericardial sack?"
"It's a layer of membrane that surrounds the heart. If the knife would've got her there, it would be filled with blood, slowing the heart down."
I clenched my fist, controlling my temper. "Thank you."
"No problem. That's my job, to save people."
"Will I be able to give her my blood once she wakes? I don't think she's going to be happy seeing those scars."
"Yes, you can give blood to her when she is conscious. I'll let you know." I nodded and again thank him before leaving. I updated Trynnadon over the radio as I left the infirmary. Even though I didn't need to breathe, I let out a slow breath. Holly handed me a piece of paper, and I took it from her questioningly.
"It's the report on the girl."
"What girl?" She pointed to the hall that led to the infirmary room. "Oh, just wonderful."
"It's going to? um? you know it's going to fuck with you. I'm just warning you." I looked at her suspiciously. She gave a fake cough and quickly walked away, shaking her head and cursing under her breath.
I walked to my office and closed the door, not even bothering to turn on the light. I so didn't want to read what was on the paper, but I had to. I looked at the heading on the paper. It only took three words to set me off. I finished reading it, managing to slowly put the paper on my desk without breaking anything valuable. I cursed and burst out of my office, pissed as fuck as I went to seek out Holly. I was still growling when I found her in her room. The door clicked just as I was about to open it. I breathed slowly in and out to compose myself. "Open the damn door." A second later, I heard and felt Trynnadon behind me. She took a deep breath and finally opened it. She leapt away from the door to land on her bed as Trynnadon and I slowly entered the room, his restraining hand on my arm. She had a taser in her hand, specially made for vampires. It had a hundred thousand volts of electricity, enough for us to double over in pain, but sometimes, it didn't work. Holly went to sit on the edge of the bed, away from us. Trynnadon cursed and looked from me to Holly.
"Tell me that you're fucking with me," he said, plucking all the information from my head.
I sighed. "I wish I was fucking with you, but I'm not. Who gave you this report, Holly?"
"Scarlett." I looked at Trynnadon questioningly, and he shook his head.
"I have no clue who she is." Nodding, I turned back to look at Holly.
"She ran up and gave it to me. She told me to read it as soon as possible. Jessica is her sister." The room closed around me, and I was on Holly in a second. I felt the taser shooting in to me, but it was ineffective. A hand forced me off of her, and I was pushed to the floor and dragged out.
"Why didn't she tell us," Trynnadon said, mostly to himself. He carried me out the back door, and I was told to stay out here. Closing my eyes, I slipped into my state of downtime.
When I next opened my eyes, I was alone. Okay, I thought. I'm really losing it. I got up and made my way back inside. I grabbed the report from my office and left just as quickly as I came in. I folded the paper and put it in my pocket for later use. Cursing, I silently stalked the streets of Los Angeles for Jessica's attacker or attackers. With no luck finding anyone, I headed back and finally called it a night. I went to check on Jessica, and from a distance, I looked into the infirmary to find that she was awake. I knocked softly on the doorframe to announce that I was there before I let myself in. I came to her bed, her green eyes following my every move. "Hi," she said softly to me. "I'm Jessica." I already knew, but I had to play my part.
"Hi, Jessica," I replied.
"You are Eric?" I nodded. "My sister and I have been watching you for a while now." I didn't know what to say to that, so I just nodded. She lifted the covers and looked at herself hooked up on IV Drips. As I assessed her injuries along with her, she frowned at the multiple scars on her body.
"I can make that go away," I said. "If you like."
"How?"
"By feeding you my blood. If you want to get rid of the scarring."
She thought deeply for a minute, and then shook her head. "No, I don't want to be healed. I'll wear these scars as a surviving victim." I really smiled at that moment, because she was a fighter. I bent down and gave her a quick hug. She hugged me back in return and thanked me.
"Get better soon, sweetie. I'll see you tomorrow." She nodded and smiled. I said goodnight to her and left in a better mood than when I came in.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

A Hooded Figure

"It was about time you came," I said to the tall figure that stepped from the shadows.
"Unlike you," she drawled, running her fingers through her windblown pink hair. "I can't teleport." Shaking my head, I pulled off my hood and scowled at her. "What?" she said defensively. "You don't like my hair?"
"You," I said flatly. "Change hair color as much as we change clothes. What color will your hair be tomorrow I wonder?"
"I don't know," she said, shrugging. "Haven't thought far ahead. How does green sound to you?"
I groaned. "You are impossible."
"I know. It drives my sire nuts."
"I wonder why," I drawled.
The hunter looked around and scowled. "Where in the world's fuck are we?" She inhaled deeply and sucked in a sharp breath. "Witches," she muttered. Witches indeed, I thought, scowling. We were standing on the doorstep of Alyssa's home. The only one awake during this godly hour of four A.M was the little girl, Jane.
"Yes, and you will not tap any of them."
She gave me a strange look. "Did you just say tap?"
"I did."
"Oh, that is too funny coming from you," she said, a gleam of amusement in her pitch-black eyes. "I can't bite them, but you can?"
"I am not going to, as long as they don't bleed in my presence."
She grunted. "So, why did you call me here?" I nodded to the closed front door, and she looked at it, frowning. Shaking her head, she launched herself into the sky. "Oh no, I am not doing watcher's duty."
"Come back down here." She sighed and glaring at me, she did as she was told. "You are not doing watcher's duty, but you are going to keep a close eye on this family."
"You are not serious," she growled.
"Oh, I am very serious."
"Why?"
"Because our little rogue friends would love to get their hands on the two girls. We can't have that now, can we?"
"I fucking hate you," she spat, and I took her words in stride. "What do I fucking get out of this?"
"You get to kill any rogue that happens by, and before you so ruthlessly end their miserable existence, I want to know why," I said, giving her a pointed look.
"Got it," she grumbled.
"They already got their hands on two members of this family."
She arched an eyebrow at that. "Who has the lovely task of finding them?"
"The NSC."
"Really? Is the Council going to help in the search?"
I just stared at her and smirked. "No," I said quietly and teleported.

ERIC

I woke up to the crackling of my radio, and I reached out to grab it off the nightstand. I looked at the small screen, and it read, 'Spotted three suspicious rogues lurking'. Although it was completely dark in my room, I could still feel the sun shining brightly outside. Willing the sunglasses into my outstretched hand, I slipped them into one of my pockets. I got up, all my senses on high alert. I was the only one awake. "James?" I said over my radio. "What do you have?"
"We found three rogues lurking around. They're planning to snatch another kid."
"Well, what do you know, just brilliant," I said and got up. "Keep watching them, be there in a few," I said as I left the room. I could hear the stirring of another brain. Abby was deciding to just crawl back into bed or make herself a nice cup of coffee. I mentally told her that I need a nice warm red liquid. She yelped as I went to wait outside the bathroom. Five minutes later, she opened the door and looked around. She let out a small squeak as she saw me standing in front of her. She staggered back a step, and I smiled at her, showing my fangs. "Even though I'm very thirsty and very tempted to bite you right here and now," I said to her as she took another step back from me. I took out my radio and typed out everything James told me and buzzed her radio. She immediately took it out to read it. After a minute, she nodded. "Let Trynnadon know when he wakes up."
"Okay, I'll be sure to do that," she said, breathing slowly in and out. I stared at her longingly, but with an effort, I forced myself to look away. I left her standing there, and I headed for the front door. Putting on my sunglasses, I stepped outside. I breathed in the wonderful fresh air as I walked to the gate. I opened it and shouted to Warren to keep a good watch over the place as I launched myself into the sky.
Five minutes later, I surveyed the ground below me. Spotting James and Callan hiding in the trees, I headed for them as they looked up at me. "When was the last time you fed?" he asked me as I landed beside him.
I shrugged. "I've fed many times last night."
"But yet, you're still hungry."
I ignored him and got to the point. "Who?"
"Jane," said Callan. My cell phone buzzed, and I pulled it out and flipped it open to find a picture of three men standing below a window and talking.
"It's the rogues," said James.
"I'll take over from here." They nodded and vanished out of my sight. I studied the picture a little longer before closing the phone and shoving it back into my pocket. I walked out of the trees, and I could feel fear and worry emanating from the house as I walked up toward it and scanned the area. Hearing the door opening, I quickly went undercover in the bushes. It was not much covering, but it was something. Looking to see who came out, I carefully crawled out of the bushes and walked up to Alyssa and her sister, Jane. They looked around as I slowly approached them. "Hey, girls."
Jane took a quick nervous glance at her sister. "Hi," she said, her smile growing wider. I wondered if she always smiles like that when she is nervous, I thought. Alyssa pushed her sister behind her and moved into a defensive stance. She tried to keep her cool, but I could tell that she was slightly afraid of me. I smiled at her, and she relaxed slightly as she looked around warily.
"I wasn't planning to hurt your sister," I said, trying not to sound frightening. Alyssa took a deep breath, and then she slowly stepped aside, standing beside her little sister. Jane looked up at me, her eyes wide.
"Can I see your eyes?" Jane asked. My eyes were burning, and I knew they were shooting flames. Not only that, I was standing in the sun, and if I took off my sunglasses, my eyes would hurt like a bitch.
"Not now, sweetie."
"Oh okay."
"I was hoping you would call," I said to Alyssa. "I was hoping you would remember anything Seth and Bri said the night prior to their abduction."
"Yeah, but that's the thing, they didn't say anything to me or anyone else," said Alyssa.
"I see?" I felt the sense of danger in the air, and it felt like a current of electricity coursing through me like fire. The two girls stiffened at my sudden advance on them. I grabbed both Alyssa and Jane and hurriedly led them to the door. Opening it, I pushed them inside and closed it. I heard the locks turning and the deadbolt sliding into place as I turned and casually sniffed the air, before cursing viciously.
"I am offended," a cool female voice said from somewhere in front of me. "Did you really think I would hurt them?"
"I don't know you," I said conversationally.
"Oh, now I am really offended," she growled.
"Show yourself."
"Now why would I do that?" she asked as she stepped from around the corner of the house and toward me. The tall vampire with pink hair shrugged, her hands in her pockets as she stopped in front of me.
"Hunter," I said as her energy wrapped around me. Chills skittered down my spine as she inclined her head.
"Brynna, and you are??"
I stiffened. "Eric," I said, wondering how in the world we got her on our case. Brynna was the most vicious hunter out there. Rogues didn't even hunt when she was in town, those that do soon found themselves dying a painful death. It was one of the reasons why she kept herself cloaked from them every time she went out. Or that was the story I've heard.
"I'd shake your hand but? I don't know you. Well, I know you, but?" She shrugged.
"That's what two strangers do when they meet," I said dryly.
She snorted. "Well, in my world, we stab each other in ways of a greeting. It's more entertaining than a handshake, because in my world, a handshake leads to a potential death by a lethal bite."
"Really?"
"Really." She nodded across the street where three rogues stood, a blank look upon their faces. "I overheard James radioing you, so I decided not to kill them." She took a step away from me. "Shall we go and greet them?" I nodded and followed her across the street. I wasn't about to say no, because if my aura meter was right on the mark, she was over two thousand years old. You didn't say no or disagree with someone that powerful, unless you knew for a fact that you could take them on, you had a very good reason, or you wanted to die via huntericide.
"You compelled them?" I asked as we stopped before the three rogues.
"Yes," she said, and I inwardly shuddered. When a vampire was turned, they didn't automatically come with the ability to compel other vampires. That ability was given to you if you reached the rank of hunter, or you were sired by one of the members of the Vampiric Council and their line. Technically all vampires were descended from that bloodline, but whatever. The whole bloodline thing was confusing, and at the moment, we were closing in on the three rogues. We stopped in front of them, and Brynna frowned at me. "Go ahead, give Trynnadon a call. Tell him to bring the car."
I scowled at her. "Are you reading my mind?"
She shrugged. "Maybe, maybe not." Grumbling under my breath, I pulled out my radio and called for Trynnadon. "Okay, I have a question," she said a few seconds later. "Why do you guys use those two-way radios? I mean, we have telepathy."
I shrugged. "You can block each other out when using telepathy."
She pointed to the radio that was still in my hand. "And with that you can't?" she drawled.
"Well, with this, it is more annoying to ignore. With one press of a button, a high-pitched sound is sent out to the other radio until he or she answers. Would you like to hear it?"
She shook her head. "And if you ever blast that sound around me, I will stab you and laugh as I do it. Do I make myself clear?"
"Very," I said, putting up a hand as I slipped the radio back into my pocket.
"Good," she said slowly and smirked. "Now where were we? Oh, right." She pointed a finger to me. "When I release you fuckers, you're going to answer his questions." She bared her fangs. "If you don't, I'm going to pluck out your eyes and make a necklace out of them. Is that clear? Nod if you do." The rogues nodded simultaneously as a black tinted car pulled up behind us. Brynna turned and smirked, waving to Trynnadon as he got out of the car. He grimaced, coming over to join us. "What, you don't appreciate that I'm here?"
"Last time you were here, I got my ass handed to me," Trynnadon said dryly.
"Oh, yes," she said, as if just now remembering. "And I am not sorry. Besides, that was over fifty years ago. Still haven't gotten over it?" she asked sweetly.
"It's hard to get over when it's a chick kicking your ass."
She snorted. "How typical, shall I demonstrate how deadly a chick can be?"
"You've already done that," Trynnadon said and nodded to the rogues.
"Oh, right," she said, and a second or two later, the three rogues blinked in confusion. When reality returned to them, Brynna was gone.
"What the fuck?" one of them asked.
Trynnadon smirked. "Really?" he drawled. "Is that all you have to say?"
"Who the fuck are you?"
"Idiots," I said with a sigh. Trynnadon made a circling motion with his finger, his hand slipping into his pocket and pulling out a pair of handcuffs. They weren't your ordinary human police issued handcuffs. No, they were Council issued handcuffs. Well shit, I thought and smiled. "How come I didn't get a pair?" I asked as Trynnadon repeated the gesture and shrugged. Oh, we had handcuffs of our own, but they weren't the bladed kind in Trynnadon's hand. The kind we had were power strip handcuffs.
"Don't ask me," he said, pulling out a blade and glaring at the rogues when they still didn't move. "Turn the fuck around," he snapped. "Don't make me stab you, because we all know that I will."
"You're with the Council," the second rogue hissed.
"No," I said. "We're just on their payroll. Now turn around before I make you." With a glare, they slowly turned. Trynnadon tossed me a pair, and we cuffed them. I smirked as they winced, the blades digging into their skin. "In the car," I said and walked over to open the back door.
"You're joking me," one of the rogues said, snorting.
"I rather not carry your fat ass across the sky." I glared at them. "Or do I have to motivate you to get in?"
"With what?" another asked. Before I could respond, Brynna appeared beside me, a blade pressed to the back of each rogue's neck, one of which she was controlling with her mind.
"Get in," she said quietly. "Or I will spill your inners in front of possible human witnesses." They stiffened, their bodies going rigid with shock. "You've heard of me," she said, pressing the blades in deeper. "Get in," she growled as blood spilled over the edge of the gleaming steel. They moved, and she followed them to the car, her weapons still pressed to the back of their neck. She reluctantly pulled away as they struggled to get into the backseat. After a few seconds of cursing, they were finally in. "I'll follow from above," Brynna said, sheathing her blades. "Maybe I'll see you there, or maybe I won't." she finished and flashed from our sight. Trynnadon shook his head as he went around to the driver side and got in.
"Damn," I said, sliding into the passenger seat and slamming the door. "What did we do to deserve her?"
Trynnadon shrugged. "What did you do?" he asked as he pulled onto the streets.
"What is this all about?" the rogue behind me hissed.
I glared at them in the rearview mirror. "We'll do the asking, not you," I snapped as trees flew passed us. The rogues grunted and cursed as they were thrown back and forth. Trynnadon was driving at the speed limit that would put any racecar drivers to shame. "Oh, sorry," I said dryly. "I forgot to tell you all to belt up."
Trynnadon chuckled. "You know. If I were one of them-"
"Don't even say it," I warned.
"Say what?" he asked, slowing to a stop before the huge spiked iron black gate.
"Where are we?" another rogue asked.
"You really don't know how to listen, do you?" I asked as we went through the gate and up the long driveway. The moment the car came to a stop, Brynna pulled open the door and dragged them out. Trynnadon and I got out more slowly. Closing the car door, I scowled at the hunter. "Can you teleport?"
She smirked. "No, but I can move fast."
I nodded and glared at the tallest rogue. He was blond, wearing clothes you would find at a dollar store. "Name?"
"Jake," he growled, clearly not wanting to answer.
"You?" I asked, nodding to the second rogue with black spiked hair. He too, wore clothes found in a dumpster. They all were.
"Jenson."
"And you?" I repeated to the shortest of the three.
"Connor," he choked out, and then glared at me.
"Great," I said. "Nice to meet you all. Let's go inside." I grabbed Jake and pulled him toward the door while Trynnadon took hold of both Connor and Jenson and followed me in. I glanced back to check if the hunter was going to follow us inside, but she was nowhere to be seen. At the barred door leading to the so-called dungeon, James nodded to us and opened the door, taking Connor from Trynnadon. They spewed curses at us as we led them down the steps. Once there, I shoved Jake to the floor, planting my foot in his back as I un-cuffed him. "Be good rogues and remain down here," I said as Trynnadon, James and I flashed up the stairs. "And oh, don't be making any plan to escape," I said and slammed the door on them, sliding the bars back into place.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

BRYNNA

From the sky, I stared at the closed front door leading into the NSC HQ for a long time. I contemplated on kicking in the door and killing the three rogues inside, but from all the currents of electronics I could feel around the entire building, I knew it'd set off some kind of an alarm if I did kick down the door. With a long, suffering sigh, I turned and sped through the air for downtown San Diego. Half an hour later, I landed in a silent crouch outside the Council building. The building was nothing to be amazed with. The dark, dark red brick of the building was plain. It looked like any other business buildings to humans, but to the vampires, the witches, and the rest of the supernatural world, the building held a lot more than just? filing paperwork and taking calls. The only thing that stood out apart from no windows was the sign with a hand holding a bloody heart over the doors that said, 'Tronis Inc'. Muttering to myself, I straightened and strode inside. There were four floors to the building, though technically there were like ten floors? or maybe more. Hell, I didn't even fucking know for sure myself. I stood in the receptionist area and glowered at the counter. Behind the bulletproof glass, Tate glanced from the computer to me. "Are you ever in a good mood?" he asked, and I scowled.
"Where is your damn sire? I'm going to kick his fucking ass."
"What did he do this time?" he drawled as I pushed the door on the right side of the counter open. I ignored him and stomped through the door that was behind him. The lounge was where everyone gathered, either just to hang out, or waiting to go before the Council for something or another. In here were things like couches, coffee tables, and a vending machine. No, the machine didn't produce a hot bag of blood when you stuck a quarter in it. Instead, you'd most likely get a can of coke.
"Tristan!" I yelled. "I know you can hear me! Get your ass out here!" Growling, I stormed to the double doors that led into the Council chamber. I was about to burst in, but before I could, I felt a tingle on the back of my neck. Cursing, I slowly turned and glared at the tall, wearing all black, blond, Nordic fuck in front of me. His skin was paler than mine, and that alone was saying something. No one really knew why the ten members that made up the Tronis bloodline were so pale in comparison to the rest of the vampire community. "You really do like to make an entrance, don't you?" I snapped.
"You call that making an entrance?" Tristan said, his hands in his pockets. "If so, this is one of my worst entrances to date."
"Oh, whatever." I poked a finger in his chest. If I were anyone else, I'd be dead before I could even hit the floor. Since my sire was his own brother no less, I was an exception to make-a-move-that-I-don't-like rule. That didn't stop him from narrowing his eyes on me as I continued to glare at him. "I have a problem."
"I already know that." I curled my hands into fists and resisted the urge to either punch him or stab him. He smirked, and I growled. "But apart from your everyday problems," he continued. "What is your problem right at this second?"
"The NSC," I growled. "They just tossed those rogues into their? dungeon. Why is it even called a dungeon anyways? There is nothing in there to be considered as such."
"Sweetheart, if they ever took a look down your basement, I'd think they would die of shock alone."
"You're not funny."
"Was I trying to be?" I gave up on resisting and punched him? or tried to. He caught my wrist in his cold hand, and I yelped as the contact shot electric current up my arm to my shoulder to settle around me like a field of static. Shuddering, I bared my fangs at him.
"Let me do what I do best," I hissed and jerked my wrist out of his hold. "Let me just kill them."
"The NSC? I think not."
"Tristan," I said with a huff of annoyance. He chuckled and shook his head. "Why not?"
"They have their own ways of dealing with the rogues. Let them."
"But-"
"Brynna," he growled, interrupting me. "Should I assign someone else?"
"No!" I exclaimed. "But I hate waiting. I was never good at being a watcher or a spy for that matter."
"But yet, you were good enough for Sven to train you as one of his hunters, and I told you that you're not on watcher duty. Did I not?"
I scowled. "I hate waiting," I grumbled. "I better get a raise for this."
He arched an eyebrow at that. "I am sure that Raina would-"
"No," I groaned, putting up a hand to stop him.
"Any more complaints?"
"Yes," I snapped. "Stop being an asshole."
"I'll take that into consideration." Giving him one last glare, I flashed from the lounge and back outside. "In the meantime," he called to me. "Do what you do best."
"If I tell you to fuck off, will you kill me?" In response, a low growl sounded in my head. Snorting, I launched myself into the sky.
A few minutes later, I was back in Los Angeles. Making sure no humans were watching, I descended to ground behind a building. Looking around, I pulled out my sunglasses and slipped them on. Stepping out onto the streets, I made my way over to a park where children ranging from age three to 10 were playing under the watchful eyes of their parents. They were watching for rapists, serial killers, psychopaths, and those types of people. I, on the other hand, was here to watch out for something that didn't even enter their radar of someone or something to watch for. Then again, if they knew how to pick a rogue vampire from a crowd of adults, they couldn't do anything unless they had a stake on them and knew how to use it, or somehow got hold of the Council's special custom-made stashes of weapons. I cloaked my aura, enough so that I would be considered as a fledgling and not a powerful vampire to hide from. I may be a good fucking bitch ass of a hunter, but when it came to rogue vampires hunting children, my buddy also came out to play. As for my buddy, I was talking about my beast. My other half, the half that didn't give a shit what the consequences were as long as she got blood, lots of blood, and lots of corpses, preferably in pieces. To be honest, I was a little afraid of my other half, because when and if she ever came out fully, I had no control over what I want or didn't want to do. Out of all the vampires I've met throughout the centuries, Tristan had it worse when it came down to controlling the beast, instead of the other way around. Sometimes, I wondered how he could manage on living, how he kept himself from going insane, how he kept himself from becoming a rogue. Hell, I was afraid to be in the same room with him for more than five minutes. Having your throat ripped out was not pleasant in the least. I took in a deep breath of the hot humid air, walking over to a bench and sitting. Making sure none of my weapons were showing, I leaned back and casually looked over the small crowd of adult guardians. Though it was around lunch time, it did not mean these children were safe from a hungry vampire on the hunt, far from it. I folded my arms and smirked as I spotted one in the shadows where the sun didn't penetrate. Luckily he wasn't staring at one of the children, or I would've been across the park, my hand around his spinal cord while I slowly gouged out his eyes in front of every witness here. The rogue didn't move from his spot, he just stared hungrily at one of the brown-haired, blue-eyed mothers sitting at one of the four picnic tables. If you so much as make a scene, I'm going to broil you alive, I silently hissed to myself. He glanced my way and sneered. To him, I wasn't much of a trouble since my energy level was that of a ten-year-old fledgling. He wouldn't be able to feel it even if he was standing five feet away from me. As for him, I could tell he was somewhere between one hundred and three hundred years old. To everyone who were one thousand years or older, he was a baby. Shit, even I was considered a child compared to the old fuckers who were around five thousand years old, and yes, my own sire would be in this five-thousand-year-old category. I gave the rogue a casual wave and shrugged, like I didn't care that I had been sneered at or not. He snapped his fangs at me, and I only smiled, getting up and going over to him. He stiffened, his eyes narrowing as I closed the distance between us. "What you doin' here?" I asked conversationally, stopping at his side.
"I'm people watching."
"Really? How very? boring."
He turned to me and scowled. "Can I help you?" he growled. "I'm busy here."
I gave him a questioning look. "You're just standin' here."
"I'm hunting," he snapped. "You stupid fledgling." I almost, almost let out a snort. "Now leave me alone or I'll send your body back to your sire," he snarled. "In a box and in pieces."
"Oh," I said, as if just remembering something important.
"What?" he hissed.
"That is funny, because I was just thinking the same thing."
"The fuck are you talking about?" he asked as I felt a feather-like touch in my head. His eyes narrowed, and he took a step away from me.
I frowned. "Is something wrong?"
"I can't read what you're thinking," he hissed and took another step away from me. "Who are you?"
"What if I told you??" I paused, thinking. Looking him in the eye, I smirked. "What if I told you that I am your worst nightmare?" Before he could so much as twitch a muscle, I rolled him, his expression going blank in a split second. "Don't make a scene," I said quietly. "I want you to casually walk out of this park and meet me in the alley off of Evanston. Do you know where that is?"
"Yes," he replied in a monotone.
"Good," I said slowly. "You will meet me there. No detours, no stopping. Is that clear?"
"Yes." I released him and flashed out of his sight before reality fully returned to him.
"What the??" Shaking his head and still blinking in confusion, he began walking. I kept my distance as I followed him from the park, back onto the streets, and onto the sidewalk.
On Evanston Avenue, I made sure that no cars or humans were around before flashing passed the rogue and into the dark alley twenty paces away and to the right. Halfway into the alley, he came to a stop and growled, looking around at the dirty brick wall on either side of him. He glanced down at the garbage-strewn ground and let out a snarl. "How did I get here?" he said tightly, looking up at me.
I shrugged. "I simply? compelled you to do as I wish."
"Who in the devil's fuck are you?"
I held out my hand to him. "Pleasure to meet you," I said and grinned. "I am Brynna, how do you do?"
"The hunter?" he whispered.
"The one and only," I growled and grabbed him, slamming him against the dirty wall. "You, my friend," I said, again rolling him. "Will not call out to your friends so that they could come to your rescue, or give them any indication that you are in trouble. If you do, I will know. Do I make myself clear? Nod if I do." He nodded, and I smiled, releasing him. "Now then," I said, stepping back and unsheathing a blade. I was twirling the gleaming weapon by the time he came back to himself. He opened his mouth to speak, and I pointed the blade at him. His mouth snapped shut, and I smirked. "If you value your life, boy, I recommend that you don't piss me off. Got it?" He nodded stiffly. I too nodded and pointed my blade toward the sky. "Get flying," I growled. Without another word, he launched himself into the sky. I was right on him as I followed him up. Grabbing him by his upper arm, I propelled us even higher.
Wind whipped against my face as I streaked across the sky. If the rogue decided to do something stupid while we were several thousands of feet in the air, I was going to forget why I wasn't killing him to begin with and just? take his head as a trophy. Yes, I could kill him slowly, but I didn't want vampire blood raining down on the streets of California if I could help it. For one, I didn't want to be suspended for something I knew I could handle just as easily as killing, and two, I really, really, really did not want to deal with wiping human minds at the moment. To my disappointment, nothing more interesting happened on our way to Council HQ. What a shame, I thought as we descended to ground. I didn't even get to give him a little prick with the blade that was still in my other hand. Really, my blade could use some blood. After all, it was sentient. It had a mind of its own. Tate held the left door opened, and we entered the building. From behind the counter, I found Tristan staring at me. "Can I help you?" Beside me, the rogue sucked his breath in sharply and stiffened.
"You do not have a sentient blade," he said, rubbing his temples and letting out a long sigh. "The only thing controlling that blade is you, my dear."
"Find me a powerful witch, or a powerful necromancer, and we'll see then. The necromancer could bind spirit to this blade," I said, dropping the said blade onto the counter. "Or they could bind a soul to it. Would it be called a spirit blade and a soul blade? Hell, if they could bind a demon to it, would it be called a demon blade?" Of course, I had no idea if the witches or necromancers could do such a thing, binding an essence or a life-force to an inanimate object. I never bothered to ask if such thing could be done. I picked up my blade and sheathed it. Tristan gave me an annoyed look and pointed to the ceiling. Glaring at him, I dragged my silent companion to the elevator and jabbed the up button. It opened with a loud ding, and we stepped inside. "Have you all of a sudden gone mute?" I asked the silent rogue and released his arm. "Or am I a special occasion? If so, I am very much honored. Usually rogues I've hunted tried their damnedest to get away from me at all cost." I smirked. "Anything to say?" I growled as we stepped off the elevator and for my office. I had my own office, believe it or not. Being a hunter didn't mean all I did was kill rogues left and right. I had paperwork I had to file, reports to write, side jobs the Council assigned me to, and more. The same went for protectors, watchers, and the spies. Like any other jobs, we had someone we reported to. That someone was in charge of all of us. For hunters, I had to report to Sven who was the head of my rank. For the protectors, they had to report to Trynnadon, and as for the spies and the watchers, they reported to Ari and Raina respectively. Oh, and if you were on the Vampiric Council, the Council of all vampires, you reported to Tristan. At the end of the day or night, everything went to the head of the Council. I inwardly winced as I mentally unlocked my door and pushed it open. Of course, he had a lot of help with whatever he was doing, but still. If I was in his position, I didn't think I could last a hundred years, let alone two thousand years. I think I'd kill myself before the fifty-year mark even came around. I pushed the rogue inside and closed the door behind me. Then again, someone had to lead this race. He and his siblings, Elijah, Avery, Taylor, and Evelyn had been leading the race for over three thousand years, but the Council didn't really form until 105 A.D. We were savages. Fuck, to this day, we were still savages, even without the beast coming into play. Shaking my head, I went over to my desk and sat. I kicked over another chair and pointed to it. "Sit," I growled to the still silent rogue and slammed into his mind. He let out a choked scream as I shoved him into his chair. "Much better," I hissed. "The silence was boring me to tears. Any minute longer, I'd stab myself just to hear something."
"It's true," the rogue gasped and groaned, clutching his head.
"What is?"
"You're a fucking psycho."
I laughed, pulling out of his head. "Yes, yes I am, and I'm fucking proud of it." Faster than he could track, I unsheathed a blade and drove it into his stomach until nothing but the hilt was showing. "Let's get down to business," I said as he let out a scream that nearly burst my eardrums. The scent of blood filled the air, and I silently let out a groan as my beast reminded me that I hadn't fed yet. "If you attempt to leave this chair or so much as pull out the blade an inch, the next one goes into your heart. Do you understand?"
"Why are you doing this?" he hissed in pain as blood began to pool on the floor.
"Because, I want some answers before I kill you. What else? If I didn't, you wouldn't be sitting here bleeding out, would you now?"
"Ow! Fuck!" he shouted as I nudged the blade that was slowly being pushed out. "Why don't you just compel the answers from me?"
I gave him an evil smile. "That is to, to easy," I growled. "My way? Is the hard way."


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

ERIC

I ignored the bangs and the screams and headed further inside the house. I walked down the hall and stopped at the corner that led to the tech lab. Deep in my own thoughts, I didn't notice anybody coming up behind me. I felt a hand on my shoulder, and I turned to find a blue-eyed blonde female standing in front of me. Kara was twenty-six years old and very useful when need be. She wore all black to hide the weapons from sight. She worked security on and off, and she was very good at it. Her hand slowly dropped to her side as I stared at her. "Kara."
She took in a deep breath and glanced away from me. "I heard that another vampire is coming today."
"Oh, really? I'll go wait for? who is it?"
"Donnica."
"Yes, I'll go wait for her to arrive, and I need you to stand guard with James at the holding cells until I get back. Don't want any chances of them escaping."
"Yes, I'll go do that."
"Run along now." Sighing, I went back outside for the umpteenth time. I saw a female vampire standing at the gate. It had been a long time since I've last saw her. What was she doing, coming back here? Warren slowly approached the gate, his hand going to the latch.
"Warren? Let me in," said Donnica. I held back quite a distance so she couldn't see me.
"What business do you have here?" Warren asked.
"Business? Oh, I'm not here for business." She couldn't enter without setting off the alarm and sending every single blood sucker running to the scene.
"Then what are you here for?"
"I'm here to see Eric and Trynnadon," she said and eyed him up and down. "You must be the new security guard, because I don't remember seeing you last I was here." I could smell fear emanating from Warren, his thoughts begging for the vampire not to hurt him. "May I please enter?" She stared up at the camera mounted at the top of the gate. It took a snapshot of her, and a beep sounded, completing her admission. Warren stepped aside and let her through. She entered and looked around and sniffed the air. "I sense a vampire out here with you. Who is it?"
"I don't know."
"Huh, you don't know the vampire that is out here, or you don't know that there is a vampire out here with you?"
Warren looked around nervously and shrugged. "I didn't know that there was a vampire out here with me."
"Ah, but there is. Shall we go see who it is?" She beckoned Warren to follow, and I watched as they got closer to where I was. Stopping just a few feet away from me, she eyed me up and down. She closed the short distance between us and inclined her head.
"Donnica," I said. "It has been a while."
"Yes, it has, I am grateful to be back."
I smiled. "Glad to hear it, but-?"
"I have some information that might be of interest," she said, cutting me off.
"About?"
"Don't be so? what's the word, modest? Yes, it's about Brianna and Seth."
I just looked at her blankly. "You're serious?"
"Yep, let me in on the fun, please. Besides, it wouldn't hurt having a female do the talking. You know, girl talk?"
I stared at her for a long time and grunted. "And when did you decide to do a case?"
She shrugged. "Since I heard about the kidnapping. Gotta keep up the perception, you know?"
I nodded. "Well, Warren, I can take over from here. Go back to your post."
Donnica smiled at me. "Does that mean I'm in?"
"Shall we go inside?"
"Of course." I led Donnica around the back of the house and entered the back door. We entered the lower level of the house, and she looked around quizzically.
"Nothing has changed since I was last here."
"We like to keep it that way." I smiled at her. "And you haven't seen the rest yet."
"Should I be excited about it?"
"Not really, just added a dungeon."
"Oh?" she asked. "I can't wait to see it."
We entered my office, and Donnica pulled up a chair and sat, waiting for me to start talking or whatever she had in mind. I closed the door and leaned against it. She pulled a folded paper from her pocket and handed it to me. I took it from her and waited for her to say something, or tell me what was written on the paper at least. She let out an exasperated breath. "Well, are you going to open it?" I blinked and slowly opened it. On it were two names.
"Who's Andrew and Cherry?" I asked her.
"They're the one who has Brianna and Seth."
"And how do you know all this?"
"I was following them. Well, actually, I was spying on them. No harm done."
I grinned at her. "Well, I owe you."
"I can take you there. They don't live far from here."
"Hmm, we should hold off for a while. I want to interrogate my three friends in the cell."
"You do that while I keep watch on Cherry and Andrew." She said and smirked at me. "I'll be waiting." She got up and stretch as I moved away from the door. She touched the doorknob and turned to me. "I didn't go inside so I don't know if they have the kids or not," she said.
"Don't try anything on them."
"Who, me? Now why would I do that?"
"I know you."
"Too well," she opened the door and walked out, closing it behind her. I stood alone in my office for a few minutes, gathering my thoughts. I licked my lower lip before exiting my office.
Nodding to James and Kara, I unbarred the door to the holding cell. Small and gloomy-looking, the cell was twenty-by-twenty, big enough to hold my three lovely victims. They all shut up when I entered. The silence hung heavy in the air as James and Kara looked at me expectantly. I signaled Kara to leave, and she disappeared around the corner. I let the door slam behind me. "Get on the fucking ground right now," I said to them. They all drop to the ground in a split second, and I scowled. I couldn't understand how one minute they were brave and tough, and the next, they were scared out of their minds. It couldn't be me, could it? No fucking way. The tall one, what was his name? Ah yes? Jake, he was growling, like he was about to kill someone. I knelt down beside him and poked him hard in the arm. He jerked away from me and snarled. I grabbed his hand, knowing what he was about to do. "What are you reaching for?" I asked him dryly.
"Nothing sir," he growled. "I don't have anything on me, nothing whatsoever."
I glanced at the other two who were a little too quiet for my comfort. They were both absolutely still, not even breathing. I let out a sigh. "I'll start with you," I said, nodding to Jenson. "Sit up." He sat up and looked over to Jake and Connor. I growled, and his gaze reluctantly returned to me. "A couple of very easy questions for you."
"Yes, sir."
Well, I thought. At least they got some manners. I pulled out a picture of Seth and Bri and showed it to him. "Where are they?" I asked.
"I don't know. I do not recognize them," said Jenson.
"Oh, really?" I asked and laughed. "Seth and Brianna, does that ring a bell?" He stiffened and went paler than pale. "What's wrong? You looked like you've just seen a ghost," I said and smirked at him.
"I don't know them."
"From your reaction, I think you do know who I'm talking about. Don't give me that shit." I turned to Jake and Connor. "Do you know where they are, or are you going to play the, I-have-no-clue-what-you're-talking-about charade?"
"We really don't know what you're talking about, sir."
"Please call me Eric. The "sir" is really getting annoying." They nodded. "Maybe you can answer this next question, then. Who is Andrew and Cherry?" They attempted to hide their reactions, but of course, I didn't miss anything. Getting up, I paced the small confined room. I looked down at them, studying them, trying to hold myself together. I went to lean against the cold steel door and pressed my fingers against my temples to stop the pounding in my head. I sighed and dropped my hands. "If you haven't notice, my patience is running out, fast, so one of you better start talking."
Jake looked up at me. "Please, we don't know who these kids are," he said.
"Jenson? Connor?" I said. "Are you backing him up?" They both nodded. I smiled. "Well? this makes things more? what can I say, more fun for all of us. No?" I flashed to Jake, and grabbing him by the arm, I pulled him to his feet. He staggered, growling before catching his balance. I tilted his chin up to look at me. Slipping into his mind, I saw the whole thing played out in my mind's eye. It was like watching it on a flat screen TV. I eased out of his mind and pushed him to the ground. The breath was knocked out of him, and gasping for air, he glared at me.
"Stay the fuck out of my head," he snarled and bared his fangs.
I hissed at him, and he quickly backed out of my reach. "Forgive me, I should've asked for your permission," I said dryly, and my hand shot out, pulling him against me. The other two stood up and ran for the door. I got a hold of Connor, but he managed to break free of my mental hold on him. They pounded on the door, and I watched them go at it for a few seconds before turning back to Jake who was struggling in my arms. I tighten my hold on him. "The more you struggle, the faster you die," I said to him in the sweetest tone I could muster up without wanting to rip his head off or tear out his heart. He stopped his struggling and went limp. I turned back to the other two. They were still trying to break the door down. "You're not going to get anywhere anytime soon, so I suggest you stop," I said to them. They both froze and growled. "Back away from the door now." All of the sudden, the fresh scent of blood hit me. What the fuck? I let go of Jake and backed away, looking here and there. None of the blood was from them. I clamped down hard on my instinctive urge to feed and exited the room, securing it before going up the stairs. I met Trynnadon just outside the second door that led to the dungeon. He was panting while I was trying not to make a run for the source of that scent. It was a human, and that human was bleeding heavily. Trynnadon eyes were wild, and he stared at me like I'd just stepped out of a pool full of blood.
"What the fuck?" he spat. I shook my head, pointing toward the door that led outside. Trynnadon turned to face it and inhaled deeply, cursing. I groaned and made a gesture for him to open it. He took a few steps forward and slowly, very slowly opened it. I cursed out loud and stepped up beside him. Outside the door stood a young girl. She looked about twelve or thirteen, covered in many cuts and bruises, and those cuts were still bleeding. I shut my eyes and tried to get the blood off my mind with no use. Opening them, I looked to Trynnadon who was staring at the wall. Shaking my head, I looked back at the girl who was still standing outside the door. She was shaking, tears were running down her cheeks, and her clothes were torn. She held out her small hand to me, and I took a step back from her. She rubbed both of her bloody hands on her shirt, making them bloodier than they already were. I mentally ask Trynnadon why James and Callan didn't come out. His answer was as simple as, they are out. The girl stared at both of us, and Trynnadon muttered under his breath. "You can come in," he growled, backing further away as she slowly came in. I also took a few steps away from the door. I was holding my breath, wishing that this was all just a fucking dream, but it wasn't. I would have let one of the humans take her, but I couldn't smell any human scent inside. There was only me and Trynnadon. The worst people to go too when covered in blood, especially when those people were vampires and hadn't satiate there hunger. The girl once again held out one of her hands toward us. Trynnadon and I stared at each other, wondering what to do. Killing her was out of the question. If we drained her and the VC found out-and they would find out about it no matter what we did to hide what we've done-Trynnadon and I wouldn't be seeing our next nightfall. As for me, I really, really did not want to cross them, ever. If you happened to be on their bad side, they were the epitome of evil-a vampire's worst nightmare. They were the stories older vampires tell fledglings to keep them in line. Again, not all vampires followed the law. To be honest, I sometimes felt bad for all the rogues out there. Not all have gone rogue willingly, and to say the least, it was sad. More so for the hunters who hunted them on a daily basis, because I'd bet a million dollars that they'd put down vampires who were once their closest friends, their own progenies. Mentally shaking myself, I shoved those thoughts to the back of my mind.
"I know what you are," the girl said in a small trembling voice.
I turned my head to look back at her. "Do you, girl?"
She shuddered. "Yes."
"What are we?" Trynnadon asked.
"Vampires."
"Very good," I said and motioned for the girl to follow. Trynnadon and I led her into the house and into the infirmary. I went to the drawers lined up against the right-side wall and pulled out a hospital gown and handed it to her. "Take off your clothes and put this on," I said. "Let us know when you are ready." I turn to face the opposite wall to give her some privacy. I silently told Trynnadon to go hunting and not to worry. He looked at me for a minute, then nodded and left me alone with the girl. I promised him I wouldn't hurt a hair on her body, taking out my radio and paging Dr. Jenkins.
"I'm done," the girl behind me said.
I turned around and smiled at her without flashing my fangs. "Can you hop on the bed for me?" She nodded and got on the bed. She was a little off balanced, but she managed not to fall. "I'll stay here with you until the doctor gets here."
"You're not going to check me out, like a nurse?"
I chuckled. "No, I can't." She nodded, tracking my every move as I went to stand by the door, waiting impatiently for Jenkins to arrive. "You're not going to hurt me?" she asked.
I sighed. "To be honest, I'll really, really try not to."
"I'm sorry."
"Don't be, it's not your fault."
"It was my parents that did it," she said, pulling me back to my senses.
"What did you say?" She shook her head vigorously. "You don't have to repeat yourself," I said. I heard three quick knocks on the door, and I opened it and let the doctor in. "This is Dr. Jenkins," I said to the girl. "He'll take good care of you." I smiled at her one last time and swiftly exit the infirmary.
I headed back down to the dungeon, letting the steel locks slide out of place and entering. I've had enough of trying to pry things from their heads. They were talking to one another as I came down the steps. "Are you ready to tell me everything you know?"
"I don't-" Jenson began to say, but I cut him off, launching myself at him and sending both of us catapulting to the ground. He snarled, and I wrapped my hands around his neck and slowly applied pressure. I looked up at the other two rogues. They moved into defensive stances, their fangs bared, but they didn't make a move toward me.
"You're very, very, very, quiet," I said, growling. "So are you just going to let your friend go? Just like that? You're not going to help him?" Jenson grunted, and I squeezed a little harder. "What a pity." He made another small sound and I applied more pressure, cutting off his airway.
"Please, don't!" Jake finally shouted.
I chuckled. "That's what I call a true friend." I looked at Jenson and smirked. "Don't you think?"
"Let go of him!" I let go my hold on Jenson's neck, and struggling for air, he pushed me off of him.
"You fucking bastard!" Jenson shouted.
I laughed. "Is that all you can say? Very impressive." The three lunged for me, and I swiftly got out of their way as Jake tried to stab me. This went on for a few minutes before I knocked the knife out of his hand, sending it flying and clattering to the floor. He flashed to it, but I had it in my hand before he could grab up the weapon. Then they came for me, their fists making contact with my head. In a flash, I grabbed one of their arms and threw them off balance. I kicked one of them across the room, cursing as fangs ripped into my arm. I bit down on Connor's forearm and swallowed a mouthful of blood, releasing a dose of venom into him and throwing him away from me. He let out a hiss and cradled his arm.
"Fucker," he snarled.
"Enough!" I shouted, licking the blood off my lips. "You pathetic fools," I hissed. I could strongly taste their fear at the back of my throat. Along with that fear was anger. I threw the knife up into the air and caught it. "You think this knife protects you from everything?" I hefted the blade. "This looks nice and sturdy, think I'm going to keep it." Perspiration permeated the air mixed with the smell of blood and fear. I looked toward Connor. He still was cradling his arm in his hand. "How's that arm of yours?" I asked, his hungry growls along with the others loud in my ears. "Is it that painful?"
"You-you fucking bit me."
I smirked. "Yes, I did. Very tasty I have to admit." I pocketed the knife and walked toward them. They quickly backed away, until the wall behind them prevented them from going any further. "Did I mention that I am allowed to kill you?" I asked and punched my hand into Jake's chest, ripping out his heart. With my other hand, I slammed Connor's head into the wall, hard enough to knock him out. I tore out Jenson's heart before tearing Connor's head off. Too soon for my liking, all three rogues were dead.
"You are such a fucking asshole."
I turned around to find James leaning against the door. "Yes, I am. You just noticed that now?"
He sighed. "Do you mind sharing the fun next time?"
I shrugged. "I'll think about it."
Shaking his head, he stepped away from the door and nodded to it. "Go on, I have it from here. You could sure use some fresh air."
I nodded, leaving him to deal with the cleanup, because I sure as hell needed some air to clear my head.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirteen

I stepped out and inhaled the cool night air, looking around. I found Gabriella out by the front gate, and I walked over. "Hello there," I said as I stopped behind her. She jumped and made a halfway turn toward me, startled at my silent approach.
"Oh, um, hi."
"Someone's a little on edge tonight," I drawled.
"Um?"
"Didn't mean to sneak up on you like that," I said, half annoyed. I put my arms around her and pulled her into my embrace. Her breath caught in her throat, and I put my mouth to her hammering pulse. She made a protesting noise, and I chuckled in amusement. "Mmm, you smell delicious. I'm debating on if I should bite you and taste you for a second time." I grazed my fangs over her jugular, and she made a small squeak.
"Please, don't hurt me," she whispered.
"Hmm," I said thoughtfully. "How's your guard duty coming along?"
"It's going well. Warren is showing me the ropes," she said, her voice coming out a little shaky, because I still had my mouth on her throat.
"Is Warren at the back?"
"Yeah, he is." I sighed, and she stiffened. With every ounce of will I could muster up, I reluctantly released her. She gave a shuddering sigh of relief and took a step away from me.
"That's good to hear," I said and looked up at the night sky. Hearing someone approaching, I turned to find Kara, Holly, and Abby walking toward us. "Evening, girls," I said. "Out for a night walk?"
"Nope," said Abby. "We're just here to give Gabriella some company."
"Mmm, how generous of you. Really, I didn't even hurt her."
"Eric, I need to talk to you," Holly said, and I turned to her, frowning.
"What a surprise," I drawled. "What do you need to talk to me about?" She motioned me to follow, and she led me back inside and to her office. I closed the door behind me as she went to sit at her desk.
"Well, I wanted to tell you something, actually," she said, and I nodded. "I've been talking to that girl. You know, just small talk to keep her comfortable, and well?" She frowned, as if searching for the right words. She let out a sigh and pursed her lips in thought. "Her name is Scarlett. Jessica's sister."
"Uh huh?"
She pointed to my pocket. "You still have that letter I gave you?" I nodded. "Well, she told me that Cherry and Andrew has them, and that Crystal is the third of the trio." I growled, and Holly flinched, stiffening as I studied her intently.
"I really owe you for this, Holly," I said and nodded to her. "I better get going."
"Do you know where they live?"
"Yes, Donnica has the location."
She nodded. "I'm guessing she's gonna be there?"
I nodded. "And I'm bringing Tryn with me."
"Well, should I say good luck?"
I chuckled. "As you wish." I opened the door and went in search of Trynnadon. I found him coming out of his room a minute or so later, and he came to a stop as he saw me. "I think I know where the kids are," I said.
"Do you?"
"Had some help, here and there."
"Mmm, am I along for the ride?"
"That's why I came to find you."
He smirked. "I'll be happy to accompany you."
I nodded. "Donnica's already at the location so we're meeting her there."
"Driving or flying, my friend?" he asked.
"Flying," I said, grunting. "Wouldn't want to attract any attention."
"Of course, meet you by the gate," he said, and in a flash, he was gone.
Faster than any eyes could track, I was outside. I walked over to Trynnadon, poking Abby as I passed her. She let out a yelp and turned. "Where's Holly?" Kara asked.
"Right there," I said and pointed toward her as she came out.
"Oh," she said as Trynnadon and I launched ourselves into the sky. Looking down at the three humans, I found them staring up at us.
"Could you please tell us before you take off like that?" Abby yelled.
"Sorry!" Trynnadon yelled, and then we were off.
"Do you think the kids are in the house? Or do we have to torture them to get the information?" Trynnadon asked me as we slowly descended to the ground a few minutes later.
"Oh, I think they're going to make this hard on us," I said dryly.
"Hello, Eric, Tryn," Donnica said, nodding to us.
"Hi to you, too," I said, stopping before her.
"Hey," said Trynnadon. "Anything new?"
"Nope, I've been watching them through the window. Only Cherry's home, don't know where her beloved husband is. They have a basement, no window so I couldn't be sure if they have the kids or not. As for my opinion, I don't think the kids are here, if they were, I would've been able to hear them or smell there scent all over."
"Wow," I said. "All right Donnica, you're in."
"Sweet," she said dryly. "Shall we break in like a team of SWATS? Or should we make it look like a home invasion?"
"Hmm, how about two of us break in and one of us stays out here in case someone else decided to make an appearance?" Trynnadon suggested.
"Oh, I like that idea," said Donnica. "But I'm going in."
"I'm in," I said.
"Great, I'll be the lookout and on standby if you need me," Trynnadon said and grumbled. "That is, if you want me to be a part of something?" He smirked at us and chuckled.
I grinned. "Of course, we wouldn't leave you out on all the fun now, would we, Donnica?"
She laughed. "Of course not."
"Lovely to hear, now get going," said Trynnadon.
Donnica and I headed around to the lowest window we could find, and after a minute of searching, we found one. Donnica peered through it and signaled that it was all clear. Going to stand beside her, I heard the lock quietly gave way, the window slowly and silently opening. I pointed toward her and then the window. Getting my point, she climbed in. I levitated a few feet off the ground and flew in after her, quietly landing on the carpeted floor. "I wish I can fly like you," she whispered to me. We were standing on the lower part of the house. It looked like an office of some sort. A desk was to the far-left corner of the room with papers all over in a messy pile. A file cabinet was just behind the desk on the opposite wall. A cup full of pens and pencils were sitting on top with boxes of paper-clips next to it. Lining up along the right side of the room were shelves after shelves of books. No pictures were hanging on the walls, and no decorations of some sort to be seen anywhere. To simply put it, the office was dull and plain. This must be Andrew's working space, I thought as I took in everything around me. "Looks like the wife doesn't come in here much," Donnica continued.
"Or their kids," I said.
"They have kids?"
I nodded. "Jessica and Scarlett. I thought you knew that?"
"Hey, I don't keep watch 24-7, you know."
"Open the door," I said, and she nodded, willing the door to open. We went through it and up the stairs.
"Never mind about the basement thing," she said. "Guess it was an office after all."
"I'm guessing the kids are not here, either."
"Damn fuckers," she hissed.
"Do you know about the third one that's in on this?" I asked.
"No, who is it?"
"Another girl, her name is Crystal."
"Ah, okay. Thanks for the info. Is she a human?" I opened the second door that led into the kitchen. We entered it and turned to the right, stepping into the living room. Cherry was too busy staring at the TV to notice that two strangers were in the house with her. Pausing, I looked to Donnica.
"Now that you mentioned it?" I frowned. "She could be a rogue."
"Yep," Donnica said in false cheerfulness. Silently cursing, I telepathically told Donnica to turn out all the lights. After a moment, her eyes went out of focus, and one by one, the lights went out, including the TV. We moved farther into the living room as Cherry's scream pierced the silence. Her scream died down after a minute, and she stood up, feeling her way around. We followed her back into the kitchen, and she opened the first drawer that her hand found, rifling through it. After finding nothing of use, she closed it and went on to the next one. I turned the kitchen light back on as she was about to open the second drawer. She blinked in the sudden glare of the light and looked around. She shrieked as she saw us standing there staring at her. It cut off abruptly as Donnica silenced her. "Cherry, Cherry, Cherry, how lovely to meet you finally," she said sweetly.
"What do you want from me?" Cherry asked, gasping.
"That's a good question. What are you doing here? Who are you? What did I do to deserve this? What do you want? Blah, blah, blah, the same questions every single time. We sure do get tire of it. So to answer your question, we're here for the kids that you, your husband, and your friend have kidnapped days ago. Does that answer your question, Cherry?"
"I? I? I don't know what or who you're talking about," she stammered.
"Is that so?" I asked and closed in on her. "You're a horrible liar, Cherry."
Donnica stifled a laugh. "You are, and you know it."
"So let's start over. Where are they?"
"I honestly don't know."
I bared my fangs at her. "Do you wish to tell me now?" I hissed. "Or do you wish to have some time to get your thoughts together?"
She stumbled backward, steadying herself by holding on to the counter. "Yes, but my husband is going to be home soon," she said, gasping for air. The fact that she didn't run screaming bloody murder told me that Crystal had to be a vampire. It was either that, or she was one of those few humans who knew that vampires exist amongst them.
"I'll be happy to meet him," I said, growling.
"Please, don't kill me," she said pleadingly.
I knocked her to the ground, her head hitting the counter. "Please enlighten me, Cherry. Maybe, you'll be lucky," I said softly to her and left her weeping and bleeding on the floor. I walked out the door, Donnica following right behind me.
Outside, I once again hid myself in the shadows. Donnica went the opposite direction, probably circling the house to make sure that Cherry didn't make a run for it. "I'll take the pretty girl," Trynnadon said from behind me.
I turned around to face him, scowling. "And you expect me to drain a drugged-up fucker?"
He laughed. "And I thought you liked the taste of heroin."
"Not particularly." Trynnadon opened his mouth to say something else, only to snap it shut as we spotted four rogues in the distance. "Fuck," I muttered.
"Fuck indeed," a cold voice said from behind me.
"Brynna," I growled and turned to the hunter. This time, she had her hood up-better to blend with the shadows. We were so pale that we stood out in the dark like a beacon of light. The members of the Council weren't the only one that wore hoods. Hunters also wore them, since they couldn't manipulate darkness like the VC could. As for the spies, it depended on what they were doing. While the VC wore solid black, Brynna was wearing black with a red skull, denoting her as a hunter on her half-length cape that came with the hood.
"Eric," she growled.
"Do you always wear that when you go out?" I asked.
"No, I hate wearing this shit."
"And you wore that tonight because??" I ducked as a blade came out of nowhere, aiming directly at me. Brynna's pale hand flashed, and she caught the blade before it could hit the ground.
"If I wanted to stab you, protector, you'd be bleeding." She pulled off her hood and gave me an icy glare. "I. Don't. Miss. My. Mark," she said in a low hiss. "Keep that in mind when you decide to annoy me." I inwardly shivered as chills skittered up and down my spine. Giving me one last look that could kill, she put her hood back on. "Now, if you're done asking stupid fucking lame ass questions, I see a car pulling up. Do what you came here to do. The rogues are mine." With another low growl, she disappeared into the shadows. Trynnadon let out a long whistle, and I glared at him as Donnica joined us.
"Was that a fucking hunter?" she hissed, and we nodded. "You idiot," she said, more to me than to Trynnadon. "You called her Brynna. Is it really her?" I nodded. She paled, and I cursed as she punched me. Rubbing my jaw, I glared at her. "You're insane," she hissed. "I've heard stories of her, and from what I just saw, we do best not to piss her off."
I sighed. "Okay," I said, putting up a hand. "Okay, next time I'll watch what I say or do around her."
"And on that lovely note," Trynnadon drawled. "I believe this is Andrew pulling up the drive." I squinted against the glare of headlights, nodding as an averaged size human male with brown hair and brown eyes got out of the car. We watched from the shadows as he glanced nervously around himself before slamming the car door shut and walking to the front door. He inserted the key into the lock and opened it. Giving one last look around, he went inside and closed the door. "It's funny how a human senses danger, but yet?" Trynnadon shook his head, bemused.
Without another word, we headed toward the house and stood outside the front door. From inside, we could clearly hear that Cherry was hysterical, as Andrew tried unsuccessfully to calm her down. Trynnadon rang the doorbell, and the silence within the house was abrupt, as if hitting a switch. Donnica knocked on the door, and Cherry started up on her hysterics, pleading with her husband not to open it. This went on for a few minutes, before the door opened a crack, and Andrew peered out at us suspiciously. "Can I help you?" he asked.
Donnica flashed a friendly smile at him. "We're wondering if we can come in for a few minutes?"
"Don't let them," said Cherry. "They're dangerous. Please, do not let them in."
"What do you want?" Andrew asked.
"We just want to talk to you and your wife about certain things," Donnica replied in the friendliest tone she could muster up.
"No, Andrew don't," Cherry pleaded. He tried to close the door, but I put my hand out to stop it.
"We're not going anywhere until you let us in," I said.
"I don't know who the fuck you are, but I have the right to tell you to leave," Andrew said and glared at us. "I'm calling the cops if you don't leave my property."
"That's not necessary, Andrew," I said. "You either let us in or we'll force our way in. Your choice." He again tried to close the door, but I kept it from moving an inch. "Let us in," I said in a warning.
"What the hell do you want from us?"
"Let us in and we'll tell you," said Donnica.
"I don't think so," Andrew said, and I pushed against the door. He stumbled backward, and Cherry screamed as she ran toward the hallway leading to the bedrooms. Donnica caught her before she could make it to her destination. Andrew cursed and quickly stepped back, pulling out a pistol and pointed it steadily at my head. Closing the door behind me, I took a step further into the house. "Don't come any closer or I'll pull the trigger," Andrew said as he switched the gun to point at Trynnadon. "Same goes for you."
"Now-now, let's not play this kind of game. I don't like it," said Trynnadon. "It's not my favorite game to play." Donnica had Cherry by the throat, and she was tightening her grip, judging by the choking sound the human was making.
"Why don't you be more concern about your wife instead of trying to make us leave?" I asked. He turned to look for Cherry, and I took that moment to get the gun from him. It flew out of his hand, and I caught it effortlessly. He turned back around to face me, and I had his own gun pointing at him. "Donnica, let her go." She released Cherry, and I pocketed the pistol. "Let's all play nice, shall we?" I asked. "Let's not be too harsh on each other just yet."
"What do you want?" Andrew asked.
"Where are they?" I asked.
"Who?"
I pulled out a picture of Seth and Brianna and showed it to him. "Them," I growled. "Where are they?"
"I do not know who they are," he said.
"You're terrible at lying. So quit the fucking act and tell us where they are," I snapped.
"I don't know who the fuck they are," Andrew said, his voice rising.
Donnica stepped between us. "What about Crystal? Do you know who she is?" Cherry and Andrew squirmed uncomfortably.
"She's one of our friends," said Andrew.
"Ah," she said with a heavy sigh. "We're finally getting somewhere. Where is she?"
"She's at home."
"We would like to question her as well. Do you mind calling her up?"
"She doesn't like to be bothered this late into the night."
"Then tell us where she lives."
"I can't do that."
"Then call her and tell her to come over here," Donnica said, annoyed.
"I'm sorry, I can't." Trynnadon took Cherry from Donnica and threw her to the floor. He was on top of her in a flash. Screaming, she thrashed under him. Andrew attempted to go to her rescue, but Donnica grabbed him and held him firmly in place. Trynnadon looked at him struggling in her arms, and he bared his fangs. Andrew screamed in horror. "What the fuck are you?"
"You are going to tell us where Crystal live or I'll be happy to rip out her throat," Trynnadon growled. Cherry's screams turned shrilling, and Trynnadon winced, abruptly cutting her off.
"Okay okay, I'll tell you where she lives," he said breathlessly, holding up his hands, as if warding us away.
"Tell us, and I'll let her go." After getting the address from Andrew, I switched the subject of conversation to Scarlett and Jessica. I told them that the children wouldn't be coming back, and before Cherry could faint, and before Andrew could start up on his cursing, pleading, or whatever; Trynnadon wiped their memories of us ever being there, because we would probably be back for a second round of questioning or possibly more death threats. As for me, I really hoped we didn't have to.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fourteen

Outside in the shadows of the night, Trynnadon and Donnica were debating on what to do next. I, on the other hand, was itching to go see Crystal. At the end of it all, my luck gave in, and here we were, standing under the street lamp where passerby could see us. "Who's going to carry me? You know I can't fly," Donnica said dryly.
"We'll run," I said.
"Oh, good. I need my exercise anyways, and oh, why didn't you let me bite that bitch?"
"Because, that so-called bitch-"
"Is mine," Trynnadon said, interrupting me.
Donnica growled at him. "Fuck you, fuck you both." Trynnadon and I laugh.
"Okay fine, I'll share," he said and smirked. "Happy now?"
"Not really, but I'm satisfied."
"Good." We rounded the corner, and I could see the house up ahead. It looked like it had one level, nothing interesting or special about it.
"Looks like she lives alone," I said.
"I think she does live by herself," Trynnadon said as we walked up the driveway. The house had a blue roof, and the garage was painted white. Other than that, it looked very ordinary.
"Can you smell them here?" Donnica asked. Sniffing the air, I staggered back a step. I groaned, cursing.
"Shit," I hissed, and she glanced at me.
"I'll take that as a 'yes'."
"Dry blood," said Trynnadon.
Donnica drew in a deep breath and choked. "Fuck me. They're here somewhere and?" She inhaled deeply and scowled. "Rogue," she hissed, and we nodded. "Let's go get her." Trynnadon and I followed Donnica up to the door. She knocked softly and we waited. Of course, there was no answer. She knocked louder, practically pounding on it. Still, there was no answer. "I know she's in there," she whispered. Hell, we all knew that she was. Trynnadon launched himself into the sky, and she scowled up at him. "Where are you going?"
"I'm going around back," he said as I waited with Donnica. There was no doorbell to ring. Actually, there was one, but it was broken so it was no use. Sighing, I pounded on the door.
"Break the door down," I said and shrugged.
"No way. It'll look obvious, and we don't want the cops here."
"Fine, open it, then." She nodded as a click sounded. She slowly opened the door, and the air from the house sent us back a few steps.
"What the fuck has she been doing here?" she hissed. "Killing her neighbors?"
"Let's go," I hissed as Trynnadon swoop down and flew in after us.
No lights were on, but I could see everything clear as day. The living room was empty; only a coffee table and a chair stood in the middle. "Nothing in here," Donnica whispered from the kitchen. "Only a few dry can goods. Whether they're for her victims or herself, I can't tell." We made our way around the house, finding nothing of interest but the smell of dry blood lingering in the air.
"Let's go back to see Cherry and Andrew," I said.
"Wait," said Donnica. "Come here, both of you." Trynnadon and I walked over to where she was standing. After a moment of staring at the garage door, she opened it and stepped out. We followed her out, and we stood just outside the door staring at the ground. Naked to human eyes, a small pool of blood was barely visible. "Shit, shit, shit!" Donnica yelled. "Are we too late?"
"I hope not," I growled. If we were too late, and we failed, we were in deep shit. Not only because we'd break the binding when we gave the Kegorah's our word, we would also be in a fuck load of trouble with the Council. The family might forgive us eventually, but the Vampiric Council was an entirely different story. Worst possible scenario was that they'd probably kill us, and the best was that they'd strip us of our rank as protectors.
"You are," a male voice snarled from outside the garage door. Trynnadon barely got out in time as it was kicked in. Splinters of wood went flying, creating a cloud of dust. I ducked as a particularly large chunk of the garage door went sailing over my head.
"Well," Trynnadon drawled. "This is a surprise." Over a dozen rogues crowded into the garage, fangs bared and snarling. They looked more ready to kill than talk.
"Well, shit," Donnica muttered. Trynnadon growled, handing me a blade. I grunted a 'thanks' and stabbed the one lunging for me.
"Bring it on," I said and launched myself at the others. Screams reached my ears, and tearing another rogue's head from his shoulders, I turned to the sound and froze. "Fuck," I hissed. Standing in the doorway and at every opened window was a human, all staring directly at us, their eyes widening in terror. "Fuck," I repeated and kicked a rogue away from me. I did not want to wipe their minds. I so did not want to. As Trynnadon and Donnica fought the rogues, I made my way out of the destroyed garage. I stopped halfway down the driveway as every human expression went completely blank. Some of them had their phone out and was just seconds from taking pictures or calling the police. That mass compulsion definitely did not come from me. I looked around and frowned when I couldn't see another vampire nearby, apart from the ones inside the garage. Shaking my head, I watched as the humans lowered the phone and simultaneously turned around, closing the doors and windows and locking them. There was a blur, and I turned in time to see Brynna taking on three rogues. She punched a hand into one rogue's chest while her other hand-the one holding the lethal deadly silver blade-drove deep into another's throat, decapitating her and yanking her hand from the first rogue's chest. Dropping the bloody still beating heart and letting both bodies and head fall, she grabbed the third and head butted him. Driving the blade into his stomach and giving him no time to defend himself but to let out a bloodcurdling scream, she slammed him to the ground. With a foot on his chest, she reached down and grabbed his head. I winced as I heard the snapping of his spine. She dug her fingers into the flesh and yanked, tearing it from the shoulders. She did all that in less than thirty seconds, and I just stared at her. Holding the head like it was a weapon, she sent it flying through the air. From the effort she put into her throw, it hit another rogue in the face, causing him to stagger into Trynnadon's blade that was inches from the rogue's neck. Well, fuck me, I silently muttered. The hunter turned, looking past me before meeting my gaze dead-on, and the evil glint in her eyes sent chills up and down my spine.
"The one you are looking for is behind you," she growled. "Take her before she finds her pretty little head mounted on my blade," she hissed, baring her fangs as her hand holding the deadly bloody blade twitched, like it had a mind of its own. I turned and lunged for the rogue, who was turning and making a run for it. Before she could make a step out of the garage, the hunter was there, blocking her path.
"Going somewhere?" I asked from behind the rogue who called herself Crystal. Giving Crystal one last murderous look, Brynna jumped back into the fight. The rogue turned and glared at me, folding her arms. I grabbed her and dragged her from the garage and to the front door of her house. I kicked the door in and shoved her through. She landed on her ass, and she hissed, baring her fangs at me. "Where are the kids?" I asked, getting right to the point. "And before you lie to me, let me remind you that a hunter is just right outside. I can call her in here in less than a heartbeat." She continued to glare at me. "So, where are they?" I asked and sighed, wishing I had the ability to compel other vampires. It sure as fuck would make this much, much easier.
"Why do they matter to you?" she hissed. "They're humans."
I glared at her. "Unlike you, I prefer to live," I snapped. "Now tell me where they are."
"Why? You're going to kill me, no matter if I tell you or not." Before I could stab her or demand an answer from her, Brynna appeared beside me and hauled the rogue to her feet. She slammed her against the door and growled.
"Where. Are. They?" the hunter slowly asked, drawing out each word. "Tell me," she growled. "Or I swear I will kill you oh so slowly." She released Crystal and unsheathed a blade. The rogue's eyes widened, and Brynna smiled. Go on, the hunter whispered into my mind. Donnica knows. Nodding, I headed back out.
Trynnadon and Donnica flashed to me, the battle over. We walked down the streets of Los Angeles. People were still up late into the night, going on about their business. We entered a dark alley where a few teenagers were milling about, not minding their surroundings. I saw Trynnadon and Donnica making a turn around the corner, and I heard Trynnadon whispering in my head about where to meet. I mentally answered him back as I went closer to the weaker teenage girl of the crowd. I tapped her on the shoulder, and she turned. I smiled charmingly down at her. "Want to take a quick walk with me for a minute or two?" I asked.
"Sure, I'm Valerie."
"I'm Eric. What are you doing out this late?"
"I was just on my way home from the store." I led her deeper into the darkness as she looked this way and that way, probably looking for an escape. The noise of the street was gradually dying down. I found an abandon decrepitated shop of some sort. It looked like it was about to fall over any minute. The brown paint was chipping off here and there, and the windows were cracked at some places, the door barely hanging on its hinges. I carefully pulled the door aside. "What are we doing here?" she asked, stealing a glance off to the side.
"Let's go in here for a few," I said.
"It looks like the building is about to fall over any minute."
"Don't worry. I think it will hold for a little while longer." I held the door and gestured her to go in first. I entered and very carefully closed it. It was darker in here, and the girl was getting more panicky by the second. Her heart sped up and her breathing became more unsteady the longer she was here.
"What are we doing here?" she repeated.
"I could ask you the same thing, but my question is, shouldn't you know by now about not going anywhere with someone you don't know?"
She shuddered. "I wasn't thinking."
"It's a common mistake," I said as my cool fingers played along her arm. She made a small sound of surprise at the back of her throat, as I closed the short distance between us and wrapped her in my arms. She gasped and began to tremble. "Are you cold?" I whispered in her ear as she pushed at me, trying to break free. I let her have at it for a minute before stepping back from her, watching as she pulled herself together. After a moment, she let out a shaky sigh.
"Let me out of here."
"Oh, I don't think so," I said and once again close the short distance between us. She whirled away from me with a lucky kick on her part. Grabbing her, I swung her back around and pulled her to me. She let out a scream, hitting me wherever she managed to find a target. I bent her backward, and she went off balance. "Don't you wish you were safely tucked away from people like me?" I whispered, my mouth pressed to the side of her throat. I sank my fangs in deep before she could respond. Her shriek filled the empty building, echoing off of it like a cannon. Growling in pleasure, I tore at her throat. After a long minute, she went silent and limp in my arms. Silently cursing, I withdrew my fangs and closed the wound. Releasing her, she dropped to the filthy ground. Licking the remaining blood off my lips, I sighed. Opening the door, I picked up the girl and carried her out with me. I left her sitting, dazed against the wall, a few yards from the building. I took off to the sky, off to find Trynnadon and Donnica.
I made my descent to the ground as I saw them. They were hidden in the shadow of trees. Donnica was perching on one of the branches, and she jumped down as I made my way toward them. "Two blocks down," she said to me, her excitement barely contained. We headed toward the rented house that was in the middle of nowhere. It was surrounded by fences and who knew what else. We jumped it and landed lightly on the other side.
"Good thing it wasn't motion censored," I said.
"Oh, I didn't think about that," said Donnica. "Yeah, good thing." We walked up to the front door, and I tested the knob. It was locked, no surprise there. I mentally unlocked the door and opened it.
"Oh," I hissed. "They're definitely here." Trynnadon prodded me in the lower back with a finger, and we moved like shadows into the house. Splitting up, I headed to the lower part of the house which turned out to be a basement. I opened the door and went down the steps. The smell of blood grew stronger and stronger as I made my way further down into the basement. I looked around the room and found nothing. Silently swearing, I circled the basement, sniffing. I let go all of my senses and searched. Picking up on the mental thoughts, I followed them to the middle of the room. I sniffed the air, searching. I looked down at the floor and carefully studied it. I could see a crack in the flooring, and I bent down, running my fingers over the line. I felt someone behind me, and I looked up to find Donnica and Trynnadon staring down at me. Trynnadon nodded, signaling for me to open it. I was about to do just that when we heard a muffling cry from underneath. We froze in place and just stared at the trapdoor. Donnica and Trynnadon went to the opposite side of the door and crouched down. I slowly pulled at it, and it opened with the sound of nails on chalkboard. I let go of the door, and it fell sideway onto the floor. The smell of blood smacked into us, and we stumbled away a few steps. I controlled myself and looked toward Trynnadon and Donnica as we slowly made our way back to the trapdoor and looked down. I couldn't see Seth and Brianna from here, but they were definitely down there, slowly bleeding to death. Donnica gestured for me to go first, and I nodded, easing my way down before letting go. I levitated downward to the ground, and even though they could see me clearly, I signaled for the other two to follow. Trynnadon gracefully flew down and landed next to me while Donnica made her way down. She dropped down instead of floating, because she couldn't fly a bit. We stood in the darkness and looked around. Following the scent that led us to a door, we paused, listening.
"Seth, Brianna? Are you in there?" Donnica asked. We heard a whimper, and with no time to waste, Trynnadon took the door off its hinges. We burst into the room to find Seth covered in bruises, cuts, and it looked like he had several fractured bones. A few feet from him, Brianna was unconscious, barely breathing. They were blindfolded, bound with duct tape and handcuffed to a pole. Chains were wrapped around them, making it impossible to move. They were also gagged with a cloth of some sort. I pulled the cloth out of Seth's mouth and he started to cry. He tried to speak, but no words came out.
"Let's get you both out of here," I said. I broke both of the locks on the chains and began to remove the chains that were binding them. When I was finished, more than twenty feet of chain laid on the floor. Donnica and Trynnadon were getting the blind folds and the handcuffs off. Seth looked confused and out of focus. I gently picked him up and he cried out in pain. Trynnadon picked up Brianna and we both flew out of the trap room. We waited as Donnica joined us at the top landing of the basement. She opened the door and held it as we went through. We made it outside with no problem. Luckily there were no rogues waiting for us.
"You go ahead. I'll have Dr. Jenkins ready and waiting," said Donnica. Trynnadon and I nodded and took off.
No words were exchanged between Trynnadon and me. We flew in silence as Seth drifted in and out of consciousness. During the whole flight, Brianna didn't stir an inch. It took us a little longer than usual to get home, and when we descended to the ground, Dr. Jenkins was there ready with a stretcher. Abby, Kara, and Holly came to help out. Trynnadon and I followed as Seth and Brianna were taken to the infirmary. James and Callan gave us the thumbs up as we past them. "Go wash up. I'll take very good care of them," said Jenkins. Nodding, I went to do just that. After washing the blood off of me, I went to find Scarlett and Jessica. I found them sitting in the living room watching TV. They looked up as I came in.
"Hi," said Jessica.
"Hey," I said and went to sit next to them.
"We decided to stay," said Scarlett.
"Um? here?"
"We had a talk with James about it," said Jessica.
"Mmm, I see. You are sure about staying with the NSC?" They nodded. "Okay, you'll have a lifetime of fun up ahead." I shot a friendly smile at them both.
"Don't tell us about our parents, we don't need to know."
I chuckled. "I wasn't planning on telling you girls in the first place. You both looked tired, go get some sleep. I promise not to bite." Laughing, they got up and left, disappearing around the corner as I watched. I turned off the TV and stretched out on the couch, drifting off for who knew how long, because when I next opened my eyes, James, Callan, Donnica, and Trynnadon were staring at me. "What?" I huffed in annoyance. "Why are you staring at me like you've never seen me sleep before?"
"Because vampires don't sleep," Holly said, coming up the stairs.
"Says who?"
"Says the movies and books."
"Well, I can sleep if I want to. You humans are one of a kind."
"You believe the authors and the producers and yet there are five vampires in the same room with you," Donnica said, amused.
"Yeah, I know."
"How long have I been out?" I asked.
"An hour or so," Trynnadon said as Holly sat down on the ground and pulled a box full of chocolate turtles toward her. She unwrapped one and stuck it in her mouth.
"Are you going to eat that while we're around?" I asked.
"Yeah sure, why not? You're not all going to bite me at the same time, are you?" Holly asked, looking around nervously. "One pair of fangs is painful enough, and plus, you all fed."
"How can you be so sure?" I asked.
"By the color of your eyes."
"The colors of our eyes hardly mean anything," said Donnica. "It just means that we can control our thirst without even trying."
"Ahem, mind changing the subject?" James asked wistfully.
"Okay," said Holly. "What do you want to talk about?"
"Nothing," I said and groaned. "How do you eat that stuff?" I took a turtle out of her hand and put it in my mouth.
"Hey!" she exclaimed as I chewed slowly, and the sweetness of the caramel nearly made me gag. They stared at me, surprised. I flipped them off and swallowed the thick glop.
"Go get me water, Holly. Thanks."
"Yes, Eric," she said and sighed. She put the box on the table and got up. "Ice?"
"No thanks," I said as she went to the kitchen. I leaned back on the couch and stared at the ceiling. She came back with a glass of water a minute later and handed it to me. I took it from her and chugged it down in one go. I gave her back the cup and got up from the couch.
"Should we call Theresa?" Trynnadon asked.
I shook my head. "Not yet, I don't want them going ballistic on us."
Trynnadon chuckled. "That would be a sight to see. Of course, we can always control their minds."
"Any report from Jenkins?" I asked.
"He's working on them," Kara said as she walked in and plopped herself down beside Holly.
"Well, um, Callan and I are going hunting if anybody wants to join," said James.
"I'm in," said Donnica. "Later Eric, Tryn. Don't bite each other's head off," she finished, following James and Callan out the door.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifteen

I made my way outside. The cool air of the night brushed against me as I made a run around the house. Warren and Gabriella turned around as they felt the wind of me passing by. I jumped the gate and landed silently on the other side. I heard a dog barking in the distance as I strode down Fifth Avenue in search of something to do. I walked a few more blocks, until I spotted something suspicious. I let my telepathic ability probe the minds of the four humans. They were planning to gun down a random citizen, and my fangs automatically extended to their full length as I followed them down a few more streets. They turned a corner, and pretty soon, we found ourselves in front of a gas station, where a clerk was finishing up his shift for the night. The clerk looked to be in his early twenties, about six feet tall with dirty blond hair and blue eyes. I could smell the faint hint of heroin from him. Seeing the needle tracks all over his arms, he was a heavy drug user. He came out and walked briskly to his car as the four thugs silently followed behind him. Still reading their thoughts, I knew when the gun was coming out. Flashing in front of the clerk, I knocked him to the ground. The bullet hit me in the side, catching me off balance for a second. I looked down at the young man on the ground. His eyes were wide with shock. "Are you okay?" I asked. He nodded, looking confused. I turned back to face the gunman and took the gun out of his hand before he could fire off another round. He looked startled as the other three pulled out knives. One lunged forward and stabbed me in the arm. I hissed in pain and grabbed him by the throat. I squeezed the hand that was holding the knife until he was forced to drop it. Feeling the bullet slowly being pushed out of my body, I winced. "Drop the knife or your friend here will die," I said, and when they didn't make a move, I applied pressure, cutting off his airway. One by one, they dropped the knife, putting up their hands in surrender. I loosened my grip and stared at them hungrily. "I've changed my mind. You all deserve to die." I moved my hands to hold his arms in place, putting my mouth to his throat. My fangs pierced the skin, and I silenced him before a scream could escape. I could taste a hint of some kind of drug-an unpleasant bitterly taste mixed with the sweetness of the blood. Two attempted to run, but I blocked them with my will alone, holding them in place. I finally let go of the one I was holding, and he dropped to the ground hard as I spat out my last mouthful of blood.
"What are you?" the gunman asked, his voice close to hysteria.
I looked at him blankly. "I am a vampire," I said and glared at them. I took a step closer to him and put my hands on his shoulders, leaning in. "That. Is what I am," I finished and struck, giving him a dose of the venom. It paralyzed him and he fell forward, forcing me to shift my position slightly. At least this one is not doped up, I thought to myself as I fed. Releasing him and finishing off the other two, I straightened, turning to the only surviving human. "I'm not going to kill you," I said to him.
He shuddered. "Thank you," he whispered, his voice shaking.
"Don't thank me, just consider yourself lucky." He nodded. "Get up." Once he was up and composed, I reached out and put a hand under his chin, tilting his head back until his eyes met mine. "You will not remember anything that happened tonight. You just finished up your job at the gas station, and you got in your car and went straight home," I said as my compulsion washed over him. "Understand? Nod if you do." He nodded. "Leave." I watched as he got in his car and drove off. I picked up the knives and the bullet that dislodged from my body and walked away from the scene with the treasured bullet in my hand, feeling well fed for once. I abruptly came to a stop, as I felt someone in my head. You never did learn to clean up after yourself, a low voice hissed in my mind. I stiffened, inclining my head. Who are you? I mentally growled. The police will be on it soon enough, the voice continued. It was hard to make out, and I sure as hell hoped that it wasn't one of the Council members. There was a long sigh, and I waited. It will just look like they dropped dead right where they stand. You can thank me later, Diloschuvick. Before I could ask who he was, he was gone. I shrugged and walked on.
"I'm guessing that you had a marvelous night?" Gabriella asked.
"Yes to the midnight dinner and no on the marvelous night part," I said, picking up the other half of the question straight from her head. "I got shot and stabbed, to answer your question."
She blushed. "Oh, um, I'm sorry to hear that," she said and opened the gate. Without saying another word, I past her as I stepped through.
Inside, I met the startled stares of Holly, Kara, and Abby. Ignoring them, I went to wash up. When I came out after cleaning myself up, I found the first report from Jenkins on my desk. I picked it up and quickly scan through it. Setting the report back down, I went to wash the bullet and threw it into my trophy box before picking up the knife that was covered with my blood along with the rest of the unused knives. I chuckled in amusement as I walked out of the room. I entered the kitchen, and Gabriella was standing at the sink, washing her hands. It just so happened that I didn't have to wash the bloody knife, I thought. She let out a gasp of surprise when she turned and saw me coming toward her. I dropped the knife into the sink. "Put it in the weapon case when you're done making it look shiny and good as new," I said to her as she reached for it. I set the rest of the knives on the counter and left her at it.
I went back to my room to grab the report and headed to the infirmary. Knocking, I heard Deetra's tired voice telling me to come in. I opened the door and stepped inside. I assumed that Seth and Brianna were moved into another room, because I didn't see them when I came in. Dr. Deetra was Dr. Jenkins partner. She stood at five foot six, her dark brown hair coming down to her shoulders, and her brown eyes focused on whatever she was writing. I walked over and hit her lightly with the report I was holding. She looked up, a little surprised to see me. I must have some kind of aura that sent out the danger-danger-keep-away alert or something, because I seemed to get the startled looks from them when I'm near, even if my intension was not to hurt them. "I found the report on my desk, and I assume you want to tell me about it?" I asked.
"Um yes, I do, actually," she said. "I've already told Donnica and the others about it while you were cleaning yourself up."
I pulled the chair opposite of her and sat down. "I'm all ears."
"Seth has seven broken ribs, a contusion to his brain, his-" She stopped abruptly as she saw my fangs.
"Go on," I hissed.
She pulled herself together and nodded. "His right arm is broken in three parts, and he has several cuts and bruises all over his body."
"That's all?"
She nodded. "Jenkins had to drill a hole in his head to stop the swelling. He shouldn't have survived at all. We lined up the bones in his arm and put his arm into a cast, and we taped him up tightly to let the ribs heal on its own. We also cleaned up the cuts and bruises, and he is in a drug-induce coma to allow the swelling to go down."
I growled. "What about Brianna?"
She sighed. "She has several cuts and bruises like Seth. She has many broken ribs, both of her legs are broken, and her right arm is broken in two places. Her L2 to L4 vertebrae were fractured."
I groaned and silently thank Trynnadon for holding her super still while flying. "Anything else?" I managed to say, even though I didn't want to hear any more of it.
"She also suffered a contusion, but not as bad as Seth."
"Will she be able to walk at all?" I finally asked the question I've been dying to know.
"I don't know that as of yet. She might be paralyzed from her waist down. We won't know for sure until she wakes up. Jenkins and I are monitoring them closely. Anything can change in the twenty-four-hour timeframe. They'll pull through, if they were able to hang on until you guys came and found them, then they can pull through it again."
I sighed and nodded. "I have no way of how to thank both of you for doing what you guys do. The only thing I can say is thank you. I'm sure there family will be grateful for what you've done as well."
"You're welcome. Jenkins and I thank you for rescuing them in time, if not, things would be different."
I forced a smile. "It's our pleasure." I got up and sighed deeply. "Do you want this?" I asked, holding out the report.
"I'll take that and put it into the system," she said and took the paper out of my hand.
I gave one last sweep of the room and made my way slowly to the door. Before leaving, I told Deetra to come and find me or radio me when they wake up. She nodded and I left the infirmary. I went to look out the window to watch the dawn slowly approach over the horizon. "Hey," said Trynnadon. "Feeling a little bored?"
"Yeah, I guess." Feeling the changing of temperature and the tingling sensation, I turned away from the window. "What?"
"Nothing."
Scowling, I probed his mind for any clues. "Go hunt."
He stared at me intently. "I will be fine."
"Not from what I picked up from your mind, you sound about to lose it."
He shrugged. "I'll feed off Holly, she's coming this way."
"Please take her somewhere else."
He smiled. "Certainly. It was instincts so I didn't really do anything."
"What?"
"You were thanking me about Brianna?"
"Oh." I've forgotten that I was broadcasting loud and clear. I slammed down on my thoughts, shutting Trynnadon out of my head. He chuckled.
"I was hoping you wouldn't do that," he said, and he threw up his own shield, blocking me just the same. "Although, I do agree that we should call their parents."
I nodded. "Have someone call them."
He nodded, pulling out his radio. "I'll see you around."
"See ya later," I said as he turned, disappearing around the corner.
Three hours later, I was outside waiting for the Kegorah's family to arrive. Kallie was on her way to pick them up. I jumped up and sat on the strongest fattest branch I could find and pulled one of the leaves, crushing it in my hand. I threw it, and it landed on Scarlett's head. She looked up, and I flashed an evil grin down at her. She came over to where I was perched and started to climb the tree. I leaned down and helped her up to where I was. I pulled her onto my lap as the branch swayed slightly. She clung to me, as if I were a lifeline of some sort. I held her a little tighter, and she relaxed. "What are you doing up this early in the morning?" I asked.
She smiled. "I couldn't go back to sleep."
"Is Jessica awake, too?"
She shook her head. "She's sleeps like a rock."
I smiled. "Do you have to jump on her to get her up?"
She giggled. "Yeah, or put ice down her shirt."
I chuckled. "I'll have to remember that." She shifted uncomfortably. "I wasn't thinking about that, but now you've mention it. Maybe I'll consider biting her while she's sleeping."
"I wasn't thinking about that."
I tapped her forehead. "Remember?" She blushed. "You look very delicious when you do that." She blushed even redder. "Stop that."
She buried her face in her hands. "Sorry. I totally forgot that you could read my mind."
"It's a good piece of advice to remember when you're around vampires, keep that in mind."
She nodded. "I will from now on."
"Very good," I said and traced one of the scars on her hand, her eyes following the movement.
"Will that ever go away?"
"I don't know. You'll have to talk to Dr. Jenkins about it."
She nodded. "I heard vampires have super healing powers."
"Mmhmm?"
"Jessica says if a human drinks a vampire's blood, they would be healed of everything."
"Are you asking me to heal your scars?"
She blushed. "Please?"
"Are you quite sure you want to do it?"
She nodded. "Yeah."
"Let's get down from the tree, then."
"Okay."
I turned her around. "Hold on tight," I warned and slid off the tree, slowly making my way back to solid ground. "Let's go inside. You'll get very sleepy after ingesting blood." We went inside, and I led her to her room. Jessica was still sleeping soundly as we entered. I sat her down on her bed, and she looked a little nervous. "You look unsure about this. You still want to go through with it?" I asked.
"I do."
"I'll have to admit, you're the first to ask." I tilted her head back with a finger. "Open your mouth wide, unless you want blood stains on your bed sheet." She opened her mouth, and quick as lightning, I struck my own wrist. Blood flowed, and I quickly pressed it to Scarlet mouth. "Drink," I commanded, and she nodded, locking her mouth to my wrist and pulled at it, choking and gagging on the first few drops. I watched her as she started to get sleepy. After a few seconds, I took my healed wrist away from her and lay her down, her unfocused eyes watching me. I got up from the bed and pulled the blanket over her. I touched her cheek and turned her to look at me. My compulsion washed over her, and sleep pressed down on her like a veil. "Sweet dreams," I whispered and left the room, closing the door quietly behind me.
Hearing Kallie over the radio telling us that she wasn't far, I went back outside to wait for them. Trynnadon was out by Warren, and Gabriella waved to me as I walked over to her. "How's it going?" she asked.
"It's going well."
"I heard Brianna is awake."
"She is?" Just then, I heard Deetra's voice over the radio informing me what Gabriella just told me.
"There you go. Are you going to wait for her family or are you gonna go and see her?"
"I'll wait, if you don't mind."
"If you don't bite me then I'm fine with you around."
"I promise not to bite." I leaned against the gate and gazed out into the street; cars wiz by, music blaring, people texting and talking on their cell while driving. I felt the sudden change in the air and looked behind me.
"They're down the road," said Trynnadon. "You want to control them?"
"You can have the honor," I said, and he smiled.
"My pleasure," he said as a car with tinted windows stopped in front of the gate. It opened, and Kallie slowly entered, driving up to the garage and parking. She got out of the car, followed by six people. Jane, Alyssa, Leo, and Lily looked excited to be back, and Teresa and Sam looked around with interests. Trynnadon walked up to them, greeting the kids as he met the eyes of Theresa and Sam. He had them under in a split second as I walked over to meet them. Jane jumped straight at me, and I caught her before she fell over.
"Hey there, kid," I said and ruffled her hair playfully.
"Hi!" she exclaimed and hugged me with all she got in her.
"I get no hug from you?" said Trynnadon, tickling her. She laughed and tore away from me and into his embrace. "It's good to see you again, kiddo," he said as Leo, Lily, and Alyssa walked over and flung their arms around us. Trynnadon poked Alyssa, and she winced. "How's the big protective sister doing?" he asked.
"The big protective sister is doing great," she said, laughing.
"Theresa, Sam, come and join us," Trynnadon called to them. They walked over, and I shook hands with them, even though we've met before.
"Shall we go see Seth and Brianna?" I asked, and they nodded. "Lead the way Kallie." Nine of us filed inside, and we went down the hall to the infirmary. We stopped at the door, and Trynnadon lifted the compulsion. Sam and Theresa both looked surprised, but didn't say anything. Their thoughts were loud and clear to me. They were wondering how on earth they got here in the first place. I told Kallie that we'd take it from here, and she waved before leaving. "This is the infirmary," I said. "I don't know what condition they'll be in. I haven't seen them for myself so be prepared for anything." They nodded.
"We'll do our best," said Theresa. Trynnadon opened the door, and we slowly entered as Dr. Deetra and Dr. Jenkins came to meet us.
"Good morning to you all," Dr. Jenkins said and shook hand with the two concerned parents.
"You must be Seth and Brianna's doctor."
He nodded. "Yes, and this is my partner, Dr. Deetra."
"It's nice to meet you. I'm Theresa, and this is my husband, Sam. These are the rest of our children."
"It's a pleasure to meet all of you. Why don't you guys follow me, and I'll take you in to see Seth and Brianna." We followed Jenkins and Deetra into another room. This room was much bigger than the previous one. I guessed they were clean and bleached very well, because I couldn't smell any blood lingering in the air. The room was bared of pictures and colors, and I frowned.
"We need to brighten up the infirmary a little," I said dryly to Jenkins.
"I know. We definitely need to put some cheery colors up in here. Seth and Brianna are just behind that door," he said and opened it. I gently pushed Sam and Theresa in front of me.
"Go in first." They stepped in and Theresa broke down at the sight of them hooked up to several tubes and monitors. After a minute, she came over to where I was standing, and she thanked Trynnadon and me, barely able to get the words out. Alyssa touched my hand, giving me a questioning look. I nodded and motion for them to enter. Only Trynnadon and I remained outside the door looking in. Jenkins was examining Brianna, and we waited as he told everyone present that she was paralyzed from the waist down. Several questions were asked by Theresa and Sam, and I glanced around. Seth finally came to, and he looked dazedly around the room. He tried to pull his breathing tube out, but Deetra was there, preventing him from hurting himself.
"I want to keep them for one more day or two," said Jenkins. "I want to be sure that no infections or any complication will arise that would put their lives on the line in the future. Let's let them rest, you can see them again tonight," he finished, and they nodded.
Trynnadon and I moved out of the doorway, and one by one, they exited the room. Once again, Trynnadon had Sam and Theresa under his mind control. I led them to the kitchen where Kallie prepared lunch for them and the kids. The mind control lifted as we entered the kitchen. At the table were Jessica, Scarlett, Kara, Abby, and Holly. James, Donnica, and Callan were leaning against the wall, and they straighten as we entered. Greetings were exchange, and lunch consisted of fried chicken with mashed potato, corn, and garlic bread. Half an hour later, Donnica pulled me aside.
"Should we let them have family time, if you know what I mean?" she asked.
I nodded. "Call the rest out here and have Kallie tell them about it." James, Callan, and Trynnadon came out, followed by the rest of the NSC members as we let Theresa, Sam, and their children have a moment of alone time to discuss things in privacy. Jessica and Scarlett went out for a ride while Kara, Kallie, Holly, Abby went to other parts of the house to find something to do. Donnica and I went outside to hang with Gabriella and Warren as Trynnadon, James, and Callan went somewhere else.
It was an hour later when Lily and Jane came out to find us. The group reassembled, and everything was picked up and restored back to the way it was. Several hours later, the family went back to the infirmary. They stayed a night here, and the very next afternoon, Deetra gave the news that Seth and Brianna could go home along with a bunch of medications, paper work containing important information, and a return appointment for a month later. Jessica walked them out the door as Trynnadon, Donnica, and I watched from the doorway. Sam and Theresa helped Brianna and Seth in the car, and shouts of goodbyes and we'll see you again came through the opened window as they drove off into the bright afternoon sun. "Well," I said, closing the door. "Did Brynna say anything about contacting the Council after the kids are rescued and safe at home?"
Trynnadon shook his head. "Let's just hope they don't come calling. When they do, we're most likely? in deep shit."


* * * * * *



Chapter Sixteen

BRYNNA

Damn, I silently groaned and rubbed my temples. From my vantage point in the shadows across the street from NSC HQ, I let out a vicious curse. About time, I mentally snarled and launched myself into the sky. Reaching my destination half an hour later, I descended to ground where Tristan was waiting for me. I knew that he was going to be there, but still. I glared at him as I straightened to my full height of just a little over six feet. "They were found," I said with a sigh. "They'll be okay, though the girl is probably paralyzed from her waist down." I grimaced. "I am so glad I'm no longer a protector," I muttered.
His eyes narrowed. "You were never a protector," he growled.
"Oh, yeah, that's right. I skipped that class, and good thing that I did. Watching them gave me a migraine the size of Texas."
He inclined his head in thought. "Truly, was it really that bad?"
"Apart from slaughtering every single rogue they've encountered?" I growled. "Yes, yes, it was that bad. They're too? humanized for my taste."
He chuckled. "Not all are a beast like you."
I snorted. "Easy picking for anyone who wants to take them down."
He scowled. "Oh, don't underestimate them, sweetheart."
"I'm not, I'm just bitching." Tristan squeezed his eyes shut; rubbing them as if the sun pained him. To him, it was painful. Hell, for all the vampires, the sun in our eyes burned like a bitch, but for Tristan along with the nine that made up the Tronis bloodline, it was more so. To Tristan, Allia, Riordan, Elijah, Rebecka, Taylor, Cailin, Avery, Evelyn, and Casiar, the sun was an irritant to their skin. From what Sven had told me, when standing in the sun, it felt like a thousand blunt needles stabbing you all over. Shaking his head, Tristan opened the double door and stepped inside. I followed him in and leaned on the counter as he went behind it and into the lounge. I smirked and straightened as his irritated growl sounded in my head. Waving to Tate, I walked into the lounge and for the Council chamber. Pushing the double doors opened, I stepped inside and scanned the darkened concrete steel room. With its high ceiling, heavy black curtains blocking off the back portion of the chamber, and a drain in the center of the floor, it was simply plain. If I didn't know better, I wouldn't have realized what this room was at first glance, or one hundredth glances for that matter. Wasn't Council chambers like made from marbles and pillars, a dais with several chairs and a cloth-covered table of some kind? Shuddering, I mentally pulled back from that horrendous imagery my mind conjured up and walked to the curtains. Pushing the heavy shit aside, I went behind them and to the opened doorway. "Tristan," I said and stepped into the small room.
"Who is killing humans?" Tristan growled from the darkness. I went over to one of the chairs and sat. From the charge of energy in the air, he was either pissed, starved, or both. My skin tingled, and I scowled when I couldn't see him in the room, even though I knew full well that he was here.
"Killing humans?" I asked, all my senses on high alert.
"Yes, after you brought your last rogue in, the killing started."
"Well, fuck," I hissed. "How many? And why?"
He took in a deep breath, letting it out in a heavy sigh. "Two, and as for the why, I do not know as of yet."
I leaned forward, elbows on my thighs. "You want me to find out?"
"Yes," he said slowly. "Bring me the leader."
I nodded. "Will I be doing this on my own?"
"Yes," he said after a long moment of silence. "You may enlist assistance if you must, but I will leave that up to you to decide, shall I?"
"You? trust my judgment?"
"I trust that nothing will stop you from bringing this leader in."
"You fucking damn right," I hissed. "Give me a mission, and I'll see it through no matter what."
"Spoken like a true huntress," he growled, and I sat up straight as he appeared in front of me, a scroll in his hand.
"Even if certain mission gives me a fucking migraine for my effort." I reached out and took the scroll from him, the waxed seal still hot. "When do I start?"
"Tomorrow night."
"You got it," I said and got up from the chair. "Are you going to inform the others?" He grunted, nodding. "In that case, I think I'm going to question my two friends, if you don't mind."
"Question them?" he drawled.
I glared at him. "My version of interrogation is the stuff of nightmares."
"Oh, I don't doubt that in the least," he said as everything went dark.
Cursing him and silently telling him where he could stuff his teleportation, I steadied myself before I could face plant with the floor. Looking around, I realized that he had teleported me to the basement of the Council building. Here, was where vampires were brought to await their trial or sentencing, if they weren't killed. This was also where they were brought to be locked up for the protection of the world or themselves. Mostly fledglings that were just starting out and hadn't been trained by their sires got thrown in the cells, but sometimes, pissed off civilians came here to cool off. Right now, there were two rogues down here, and I growled as I cross the huge open space of nothing into a dark hallway. They both hissed and snarled at me as I stepped between the cells they were being held in. I gave them both a quelling look before stepping into the cell on my left. Crystal, the rogue I snatched instead of kill-on-sight, whimpered and backed herself against the wall behind her. "Crystal," I said with a dramatic sigh, stuffing the scroll into my pocket. "You have been a naughty, naughty vampire. What do you have to say for yourself?" I put up a hand as she opened her mouth to respond. "Telling me to fuck off would only get you dead before you could even blink," I warned. My hand shot out, and I grabbed her around the throat, lifting her and bringing her so close that our noses were an inch apart. "Why are you after them?" I asked slowly, barely above a whisper. My eyes narrowed, and I growled low in my throat. "And you know exactly what and whom I'm talking about." She remained silent, and I struggle to fight the urge to splatter her brain all over the walls. Shit, I wanted to brain myself a time or two, but none the less, the pleasure of torturing and killing took more precedence. Slowly, I uncurled my fingers and let her crumble to the floor. "Pathetic piece of shit," I snarled. "Pathetic," I hissed and unsheathing one of my blades, I plunged it into her chest before she even had time to react. I mentally reached out and locked her arms to her sides as a gasp of pain escaped her. Fresh blood filled the small cell, and I silently cursed as my stomach clenched in hunger. I wrapped my hand around the hilt of the blade, preventing it from being pushed out. I snarled as stars burst before my eyes, and white-hot pain stabbed the back of my skull followed by a surge of rage. Red suffused my vision as the roar of rushing blood grew louder and louder in my ears. My fangs ached and pulsed, my upper lip peeling back as I tasted venom in my mouth. Crystal let out a bloodcurdling scream, but the sound might as well be a mile away for all I knew. I let out a low growl as the pain of hunger slammed into me. My vision dimmed to pinpricks, and I fought the darkness trying to pull me under. My growls turned into snarls as I jerked the blade out. For the life of me, I couldn't let go of the hilt. Slowly straightening, I turned and stared at the rogue in the other cell. With all the will I could muster up, I shoved my beast down a notch, enough so that I could speak. Okay, hurting children wasn't the only thing that brought out the beast within me. Mentally smacking me on the back of my head amongst other things also did the trick. I swallowed, seriously hoping I wasn't drooling venom down my chin, because that was just disgusting. With the sound of rushing blood deafening my ears, hot flashes of sensation coursing throughout my entire body, stomach clenching and unclenching, trembling, I stalked over to the other cell. I nearly ripped off the bars as I entered. I still couldn't release my grip on the blade as I grabbed the rogue and slammed him against the wall. I turned, my forearm slamming into the rogue's throat as I snarled at Crystal who was trying to make a run for it, not that she had anywhere to go. "Make another move," I hissed. "I'll pop your head off without thinking twice." She froze, and I mentally reached out to her. She shrieked as I lashed out with a mental version of barb wires. Shutting her up with a mental sharp command, I turned back to the rogue who was clawing at my arm. I released him, only to grab his head in a steel hold.
"Bitch," he gasped, letting out a bloodcurdling scream as I stabbed him in his side and thrusting the knife upward. Since the blade was sharp on both sides, it got the desired affect that I wanted. With my other hand, I held his head immobile.
"Did you know," I whispered, barely able to get the words out. "That assaulting a hunter is a capital offense? Especially if said hunter is two thousand years older than you?" The rogue struggled, and I released him. Yanking out my blade, I sheathed it.
"There is no such thing as a capital offense," he hissed and wheezed in pain. My spine prickled in warning, and only a cold hand clamping onto the back of my neck prevented me from turning. I almost smiled as the rogue went pale. "Are you thinking like a human now?" he asked, his eyes looking past me and voice shaking. Argh, fuck you, Tristan, I silently growled. An electric zap from where his hand was in contact with my neck told me he'd heard.
"Oh, I'm not thinking like a human." Tristan released me as I again grabbed the rogue and slammed him into the wall. "Trust me, I am not," I snarled. Unsheathing the lethal silver blade, I drove it into the side of his neck. "I don't need you alive. To me, you're useless," I hissed and drive the blade all the way through, decapitating him. I let both head and body fall, cursing viciously as I turned to Tristan who looked like a rogue that had gone a month without feeding. His pitched black eyes briefly flashed white, telling me that his beast was just seconds from surfacing. Hell, my own was not far behind. Tristan bared his fangs at me, growling low in his throat. I slowly sheathed my blade, waiting for him to move, because I sure as fuck couldn't squeeze past him. Jaw clenched and definitely not breathing, he moved from the doorway. I stepped out of the cell into the one Crystal was in and released her from my painful mental assault on her poor psyche. The sound of a whoosh and the smell of burning flesh reached me as I yanked the rogue to her feet, trying very, very hard not to kill her. It was a moot point a second later as everything went dark, and it wasn't due to teleporting. "Shit!" I snarled, blinking at the blood splattered walls, ceiling, floor, and me. "Shit!" I repeated and groaned. "Fucking god damn it!" I exclaimed and mentally went supernova on my other half, if my other half were to actually have a body of its own. Cursing vehemently, I turned and exited the cell, bits of Crystal plopping to the floor.
Grimacing, I followed the sound of Tristan's harsh, ragged breathing through another door, stopping just ten feet from him. He stood in front of a large refrigerator, his back to me and head down, his hands clenched into fists at his sides. I wanted a teleportation to my bathroom, but at the moment, one wrong move could get me killed in the blink of an eye. I slowly moved toward him, wincing. It was like walking through quicksand and said quicksand had currents of electricity running through it. I stopped as he nearly yanked the refrigerator door off, mentally sighing in relief that he wasn't going to kill me? yet. My hands twitched involuntarily as I saw bags and bags of blood. Stream of Swedish swearwords flew from his mouth as he snatched a plastic bag of blood, ripping into it. I knew full well that blood bags weren't going to sate him, even if he cleared out the entire refrigerator of over a hundred bags. For him, it was like snacking on junk food to tie him over for a few minutes to an hour before dinner. I didn't know how many bags he went through, but he suddenly turned to me. I yelped as his hand shot out and grabbed me. Before I could oh so cleverly come up with a way to break free, everything went dark, and I found myself standing in my bathtub. I quickly looked around, making fucking sure he wasn't here. I let out a sigh when I found that I was alone. I quickly un-holstered, unstrapped and pulled my weapons off, mentally setting them on the sink. Ripping off my clothes, I tossed them into the sink to be burned later. Cranking on the shower, I quickly washed the blood and other stuff off of me. Feeling marginally clean, I stepped out and grabbed a towel. Wrapping it around me, I exited the bathroom into my bedroom. Grumbling, I dropped the towel and flashed to the closet. Pulling out clothes, I quickly dressed and scowled as I picked up the towel and threw it onto my bed before heading back into the bathroom. Cursing in every language I knew, I turned the sink water on and dug out a plastic bag from under the sink to shove my bloody clothes into. I watched as blood from the blades, sheathe, and handcuffs swirled down the drain for a few seconds before shutting off the water. I felt the slight stir of the air, and I turned as Sven appeared before me. He glanced past me to the sink and cursed under his breath. Yep, I thought. It was going to be a fucking bitch to clean the blood off. My weapons were drenched in it. "Brynna 2.0 came out to play?" he asked dryly and chuckled as I glared at him. He snatched my bag of clothes from me and deftly dodged the blade I mentally sent flying toward him. He caught the bloody blade and tossed it back into the sink. Standing in the doorway, he scowled at me. Opening the bag, he rummaged around and pulled out the scroll I took from Tristan. "Did you forget this?" I glared at him. Shaking his head, he popped the seal. "Let's hope it's readable. I turned and grabbed my weapons. Sven stepped aside as I left the bathroom. He followed me from the bedroom, down the stairs, and to the kitchen. I dropped my shit on the counter as Sven past me to the back door. Opening it, he stepped out while I pulled out cleaning implements. He came back in a moment later, bringing the scent of smoke with him. "Want help?" he asked as he attempted to make the scroll lie flat on the kitchen table.
"Sure," I said with a heavy sigh. Argh, I thought, still peeved that I killed both rogues. Sven took the small cloth from me as I dropped into a chair. "Where's Liana?"
"With Ari." I pulled the scroll to me and looked at it for the first time.
"When did you get here?"
"Last night."
I nodded. "Are you staying?"
He shook his head. "I'm here for a few days," he said as he methodically cleaned my blades. "So, how was your time with Trynnadon and them?"
"Don't get me started," I growled.
He smirked. "You know you're not done with them." My skin tingled as he turned up his aura a notch so to speak. "Think I will accompany you to prevent you from taking off their head."
I scowled. "I didn't even touch them."
"Yes, but I know you," he said dryly. "Perhaps a little too well." The sound of steel on steel was loud as I threw a blade at his head, and he parried it with one of his own. My blade went flying, and I winced as it struck the wall behind me. "You're so predictable," he said and chuckled as I gave him a murderous look. Sighing, he laid out my blades on the cloth and got up. He even polished them for me, I thought with a snort.
"Thanks," I said grudgingly.
"No problem," he said and went over to the blade stuck in the wall, yanking it out. Shaking my head, I got up and grabbed my handcuffs and a couple of blades. A couple of sheathes appeared in his hand, and I took them from him, sheathing the blades and strapping them to my arms. Shoving my handcuffs into my pockets, I nodded to him.
"Care to join me?" I asked.
"Where are you headed?"
I shrugged. "I think I'm going to hit a bar or two for rogues. It's one of the hotspots."
He grunted. "I'm in then."
"We're going to drive," I said through gritted teeth.
He arched an eyebrow in question. "Anything else you have a problem with?"
I growled at him. "Yes, you being here."
His eyes widened. "Brynna, I am truly, truly wounded."
"Wounded my ass," I muttered as I past him to the garage door. He followed me as I grabbed my car keys and stepped out. We headed for the black tinted van, the only automobile I had in this garage. I went to the driver side as Sven opened the passenger door and slid in. "Did you see your sire?" I asked as I started up the car.
He stiffened. "Who did he kill this time?"
I smirked. "No one? yet."


* * * * * *



Chapter Seventeen

The sun was just setting, and the bar was already crowded. Fuck, I silently snarled. Maybe I shouldn't have come here after all. The smell of alcohol, cigarette, piss, vomit, and sweat made my eyes water, clogging the back of my throat and making it impossible for me to focus. My stomach churned, and I fought the urge to hurl. My poor senses were so abused, I wondered if I'd be able to smell a rogue here at all. I glanced over to Sven who had a pained look on his face. Narrowing his eyes, he gave me the, I'm-going-to-fucking-kill-you-later look. I only smiled and headed for the only available, unoccupied table at the other side of the bar. Pulling out a chair, I checked the seat and seeing no stains of any kind, no puddles, and no gum, I reluctantly sat. Across from me, Sven did the same. Shoving my hands into my pockets, I let out a long, long suffering sigh as Sven got the bartender's attention. There were a lot of humans, and I had no doubt that a few rogues were also here. I just hoped that one of them would have the awesome idea to come up to us in the next? thirty seconds. I zoned out as Sven gave the bartender our drink orders. My eyes burned behind my sunglasses, and I grimaced at the stench rolling off the fat human with spiked brown hair and grey eyes. His hair was so greasy from all the gel he'd use; I wondered how long it would take for him to wash it off. His tan skin looked like it had seen a needle on a daily basis, and my hands itched to kill just because. With a cigarette dangling from his mouth, he nodded and walked off. "Do you come here often?" Sven growled, clearly very, very annoyed. "If you say yes, I am going to fucking kill you." He glared at the mica tabletop and curled his lip in utter disgust. I couldn't blame him. The table had so much sticky shit on it along with filmy substances I so did not want to touch or take a closer look at. Glowering, I focused on the TV hanging over the bar. My skin tingled, and I barely stopped myself from turning around and flashing my fangs for all to see. Finally, I thought as Sven lifted his sunglasses and zeroed in on the rogue behind me. After a second or two, he smirked and nodded. Lowering his sunglasses, he pushed from the table and got up. Inwardly sighing in relief, I got up and followed him and the rogue to the exit. He pushed open the door and turned back to the bartender. I watched as the human changed direction and going over to the table beside the one we'd just left. Sven put his hand on the rogue's shoulder and pushed him out the door. "You want this one?" he asked once we were far away enough to breathe properly. He turned into a dark alley and making sure no witnesses were around, he launched himself into the sky, taking the rogue with him. I nodded as I followed them up. The cool air was a sweet relief, and I inhaled deeply, taking in as much fresh air as I could into my lungs. "HQ? Your place?"
"My place," I said with a shrug. "Unless you have somewhere else in mind?" He shook his head as we flew through the sky. A few minutes later, we landed in front of my front door. Unlocking and opening it, he shoved the rogue inside. I stepped in after him and dragged the rogue into my living room.
"I'll be back," Sven said and was gone. Scowling, I pushed the rogue onto my couch and glared at his unfocused eyes.
"Really, you couldn't release him before you left?" I asked as Sven appeared at my side a moment later.
He shrugged. "Was just grabbing your car," he said as the rogue blinked.
I grunted. "He's coming around," I said and patted him down for weapons.
"Hey, what the fuck?" the rogue spluttered, pulling away from me and still blinking in confusion.
"Stop squirming," I snarled. "Or I swear I will scalp you."
Sven chuckled. "Trust me, she is not jesting."
"Who the fuck says jesting now these days? What century are you in?"
Sven sighed. "Child, if I tell you who my sire is, I have no doubt you'll run screaming from here, shitting your pants all the way to your destination." I couldn't help it, I snort out a laugh. He smirked and shrugged. Finding a knife on the rogue, I pulled it from his pocket and brandished it in front of his face.
"Care to tell us what you were planning to do with this?" I asked sweetly. Hands in his pockets, Sven leaned against the wall beside the couch, his eyes intent on the rogue.
"We can't carry weapons now?" the rogue asked and glared at me. I resisted the urge to pop him a good one. He looked back and forth between us and scowled. "Are you hunters?"
"If you have to ask that," I growled. "You're the most stupid vampire I've ever met, because I have met quite a few throughout the centuries."
"I didn't do anything," the rogue hissed.
"I know," I drawled and tapped my finger on the flat side of the blade. "But I do have a few questions for you. My first question is will you answer them truthfully like the good little rogue that you are?" I arched an eyebrow and smirked.
"Oh, I'm interested to hear the answer to this one," Sven said, chuckling under his breath.
The rogue shrugged. "I got nothing to hide."
"That's what they all say," I said with a sigh.
"Very well," Sven said, straightening. "Why are you picking off humans left and right?" I scowled at him. "Trust me," he said dryly. "There's going to be more bodies before the night is through."
I sighed. "Sadly, you're right." The rogue let out a gasp of pain as my blade accidentally? imbedded itself into the right side of his chest. "Sorry," I said. "Slip of the finger moment."
"What the hell is wrong with you?" the rogue hissed, wrapping a hand around the hilt and pulling.
I glanced at Sven, giving him a bemused look. "I get that question a lot."
"No shit," he drawled and reached over, plucking the bloody blade from the rogue's hand. Smirking, he lifted the weapon to his mouth and licked off the blood. I scowled at him. "What?" he asked. "I'm hungry."
"For vampire blood?"
He shrugged and shook his head. "No, but it is still blood, and if he doesn't talk in the next thirty seconds, I'm going to call someone who drinks vampire blood for a living." He glared at the rogue. "Matter of a fact, it's part of his diet."
The rogue gulped. "We're not picking off humans left and right."
"Oh?" Sven asked dryly. "Let me rephrase," he drawled. "Why are you just now killing humans one after another, leaving the bodies where anyone can find them? Not very smart if you asked me."
The rogue shrugged. "I wouldn't know since I didn't kill them."
"Fine," I snapped and grabbed his chin, tightening my grip as he tried to pull away. "Stop," I growled, staring deeply into his eyes. Sven cursed foully as the rogue's gaze went blank, and my back began to tingle.
"This is interesting," a female voice drawled from behind me.
"You can all of a sudden teleport?" Sven asked.
"No."
"Don't tell me," I said, turning my head to look at the redheaded vampire. "Tristan gave you a ride."
"After almost dying, yes." Ari ran her fingers through her dark red hair and grimaced.
Sven frowned. "I don't see any bite marks on your neck."
She arched an eyebrow in question. "You know damn well we don't leave marks."
He scowled. "You know what I mean."
She sighed. "He didn't bite me," She said dryly. "He almost took my head off." He stiffened. "Relax," she said, again sighing. "It was after I told him that another body was found not long ago."
"Fuck!" Sven and I snarled.
"Yeah, I thought he was going to set me on fire, literally."
"Who's at the scene now?" I asked.
"Liana is there, along with Trynnadon and Donnica."
Cursing, I refocus my attention back on the rogue. "Tristan wants us out there?"
"Mmhmm."
I sighed, nodding to Sven. "Read him," I muttered. "If I do it, I'll end up killing him before I can get anything from him."
"And if he is telling the truth?" Sven asked as I pulled away from the rogue.
"Kill him anyways."
"Good answer," he said, and I winced as the rogue let out a bloodcurdling scream. Ari let out a heavy sigh, shaking her head and glaring at Sven. I smirked as I headed for the door. Opening it, I stepped outside.
"You coming, Stanton?" I drawled. A second later, she was beside me as I walked down my driveway, looking both ways. I had no neighbors nearby, but it was better to be cautious than stupid. Only a handful of humans knew about the existence of supernaturals, and for fuck sake, I wanted to keep it that way. Though sunlight and staking couldn't kill us, decapitation was just as good and quick, and setting us on fire was a slow, agonizing death. It wasn't like the movies where we combust into flame at the mere touch of the sun. Ari pulled her hood on, and I watched, as she disappeared into the shadows. I blinked, as numbers and words flashed in my mind's eye. Before I could take another step, my world fell away from me, and my hands shot out, slapping loudly against the bright, bright white floor before I could face plant with it. The color was so bright that it made my eyes hurt. Squinting and cursing Tristan to hell and back, I straightened and looked around to find myself in a very clean kitchen.
"In here," Donnica called from the living room. She didn't have to tell me where they were, the strong scent of spilled human blood was like a fucking beacon to all vampires. I glanced at the busted back door. Even from here, I could smell the lingering odor of rogues. Annoyed beyond words, I stepped into the living room where a naked human woman was sprawled on the floor, her throat torn out.
"If you tell me she was also raped," I growled. "I'm going to be fucking pissed."
Donnica shook her head. "I don't smell sex on her, and I? checked."
"I growled. "How many?"
"Three," Trynnadon said from his leaning position against the wall. "The human authorities are out front."
I groaned. "Please tell me the media aren't on the scene as well."
"No media."
"What a relief," I said dryly.
Grimacing, Liana appeared in the archway separating the living room and the short hallway, muttering something under her breath. "They're gone," she said to the entire room. "But I can follow them." Her eyes went distant for the briefest of seconds, and then she nodded, her eyes landing on the gaping wound in the human's neck. Two officers appeared in the doorway leading outside, and I didn't have to look at them to know that they were both vampires. Yes, we had vampires working alongside humans. It was easier that way, better to keep the remaining ninety percent of humans-the ones still clueless about the existence of vampires, shifters, and such-far away from supernatural.
"Rogues?" the female officer asked. We nodded. "Do you mind if my partner and I take a closer look?" I shook my head and stepped back for them to past me.
"Three bodies in a short amount of time?" Donnica whispered. "Are they out of their fucking minds?"
"Obviously," I said with a heavy sigh. "They are. I swear, once a vampire turn rogue, they suddenly lose half of their IQ." The male officer grunted, sticking a gloved finger into her parted mouth. A second later, he let out a sigh of relief.
"What was that for?" Donnica asked.
"I was checking if she'd swallowed any drop of vampire blood," he replied. "If she had, we're screwed."
"Good call," I said dryly.
He nodded. "One of the first things I look for."
I nodded, going over to Liana. "Don't want unsupervised baby vampires running around."
He winced, shaking his head. "Definitely not."
"Do you need a statement from each of us?" I asked. "Even though I wasn't here to witness the death?"
"Hmm," the female officer said thoughtfully and glanced to the opened front door. "No, you don't have to. I'll take care of them out front."
I nodded. "Thanks."
"Anytime."
"I'm assuming that you are coming with me?" Liana asked softly.
"I am." She nodded, and I followed her outside.
At the back door, Liana paused and inhaled deeply. Tilting my head slightly, I did the same, inhaling the humid night air. I grimaced as I picked up multiple scents lingering in the air. "Hmm," Liana said thoughtfully. "Should we give Jesric Knight a call?" Jesric Knight was one of the best trackers out there. He even rivaled Sven in that department, and that was saying something.
"You think we need him?" I asked, frowning.
She shrugged. "If bodies keep popping up like this, we might have to before the humans have a full-blown panic attack."
I grunted. "Let's call him as a last resort."
She nodded. "Your call, since this is your mission, after all." She looked up toward the sky. "Dawn is a couple of hours away. We should get going."
"You're not going anywhere without me," Sven drawled from the shadows.
"And me," said Ari.
I inwardly groaned. "Oh, now you decide to join us?" I asked, annoyed.
"Late is better than never," she said as she joined us with Sven right behind her.
"Did you get anything out of the rogue?" I asked Sven.
He shook his head. "He doesn't know anything."
"Of course he doesn't," I said, sighing. "Did you kill him?"
"No," he said dryly. "I dropped him off and gave him my phone number in case he wants to give me a call one day."
"Fucking asshole," I muttered.
"Hey, you'd ask."
"Hello? We have three rogues to track down here," Liana said, glaring at us. Sven chuckled, pulling her to him.
"Sweetheart, we have all the time in the world."
"Not if Brynna wants her raise."
"Ah," he said, smirking. "Do you mind splitting?" he asked, glancing at me. I growled and launched myself into the sky. "I take that as a no." You damn right, I silently muttered as the others followed in my wake.
"Did someone update Tristan?" I asked.
"I," Ari said slowly. "Will leave that to you, shall I?"
"Why Ari," I said. "You afraid he'll literally take your head this time?"
Sven sighed. "He won't," he said as we flew through the sky. "Even if I have to knock him out a thousand times over."
"Have you seen your sire yet?" I asked.
"No? Should I?"
"Last time I saw him, he was about ready to tear into me. To be honest, I'm fucking surprised he didn't."
He winced, making his descent to the ground. "Just be glad that he didn't."
"Oh, trust me, I am," I said, following him down. Straightening, I looked around. About twenty feet away was a river, and I groaned out loud.
Ari cursed. "Please, please tell me they didn't jump into the river." We looked to Sven expectantly.
"Only one went into the water," he said as my senses went on high alert. "And one has the balls to creep up behind Brynna," he finished dryly.
I sighed. "Why is it always me?" I muttered and spun around. Grabbing the shocked rogue by the neck, I yanked him to me. "Tell us where your two friends have gone off to," I hissed and snapped his wrist. He let out a choked sound as the blade fell into Sven's outstretched hand.
"Oh, look here," Liana said sweetly. "I thought this area reeked of rogues. Now I know why."
"I want this one alive," I growled and shoved him toward Sven who immediately vanished into thin air with him.
"Sweet," Ari said as we were all of a sudden surrounded by no less than a dozen rogues. I made a slow circle and smiled coldly.
"Well, well, well," I drawled. Sven appeared beside me and let out a low, amused laugh. "You picked an awesome night for this. Well, awesome for me, fucking sucks for you in my opinion." With that, they rushed us, growling, hissing, snarling and all.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eighteen

Letting out a growl, I plowed headfirst into the stomach of a rogue coming at me. Air whooshed from her as I took her to the ground. She screamed as I drove a blade into her left upper arm, and she shrieked as my second blade stabbed into her right eye socket. "Did you enjoy that?" I hissed as she tried to push me off of her.
"Bryn," Sven growled. "Stop playing with your toy and kill her already."
I glared at him and leaned closer to the shrieking, cursing rogue under me. "Why are you and your little friends killing humans?" I asked, enunciating each word.
"We were hungry," she spat.
"Oh," I breathed. "Don't play me for a fool," I growled. "You know exactly what I'm asking," I snarled, jerking the blade from her eye, causing her to let out a bloodcurdling scream.
"If you're so smart," the rogue gasped out. "Find out on your own."
"Very well," I growled and cracked her head opened upon the dirty pavement. For good measure, I decapitated her before pulling out my other blade and getting to my feet. The sky was pink with the oncoming sunrise, and I wanted out of here before humans stumble upon-to them-a nightmarish scene straight out of a dream or a horror movie. Sven let out a snarl and flipped a rogue over his head, slamming him to the ground. Another rogue rushed him from behind, and before I could shout a warning, the rogue drove a spiked weapon of some kind into his back. Sven hissed in pain, and my hand shot out and caught him before he could hit the ground. I smiled as Liana came out of nowhere. Her arm came around the rogue's neck, and I heard an audible crack as she snapped it.
"You touch my mate," she growled. "You die." She dropped the unconscious rogue and threw a blade into the one that Sven downed earlier. She walked over to him and punched her hand into his chest, ripping out his heart. Seething, she came over to me and took a pissed off Sven from my arms. Two dead, about twenty more to go, I thought and snapped a sidekick into the face of a snarling rogue. Spotting the unconscious rogue coming around, Liana let out a snarl and was on him, snapping his spine and digging her fingers into his neck. Laughing, I turned from the scene and elbowed the same rogue I've kicked. I let out a grunt as I felt a sharp pain in my side.
"That," I snarled, yanking out the blade and snapping it in two. "Was the wrong move to make." I stabbed the blade half into his mouth. "Eat it, fucker." Blood streamed from his mouth as he screamed. The hilt in my other hand, I turned and pummeled the one coming up behind me. He staggered, and then gasped as Ari's blade found his jugular. Turning around, I jumped back and kicked my rogue to the ground. The bloody blade in his hand, he tossed it through the air at Ari. She caught it and looking disgusted, she stabbed it into her rogue's neck. "What the fuck is your problem?" I snarled to my rogue on the ground. "I only want to know why you're killing humans left and right. Is that so fucking hard to fucking answer?" Still gasping, wheezing, and spitting blood, he glared at me. He moved to get up, and I snarled, stomping on his groin. His eyes rolled to the back of his head, and I laughed as he fainted. "Was that too much pain for you to handle?" I asked sweetly. "Tisk. Tisk." I looked around and again almost laughed as I saw Sven eyeing me warily and cupping himself. "Sorry," I said. "I? so couldn't resist the urge." He grimaced and glared at me. Smirking, I bent and drove a blade into my rogue's neck, until his head parted completely from his shoulders.
"Fuck!" Liana snarled.
"I have them," Sven hissed through gritted teeth. Humans, I thought with a curse. We seriously needed to end this now. I quickly glanced around, trying to count how many rogues were left. It was a little hard to do a headcount when they were moving in a blur, ducking and dodging Ari. "Just pull it out," Sven growled to Liana as I jumped in to help the redheaded vampire. I grabbed one rogue from behind, growling as another one stabbed me in the shoulder. What in the flipping fuck? I silently snarled. "Hey, guys," Sven called. "Kill them all now before he gets here. I can't hold him back for long." I grimaced, knowing damn well who he was talking about. As pain burned a blinding path throughout my body, I stabbed the rogue in front of me before turning and stabbing the one behind me. Screams of pain filled my ears, and the fresh scent of spilled blood wasn't helping my thinking process any.
"Don't move," Liana growled. "I have to help them before Brynna 2.0 comes out to play."
"I heard that," I growled, jabbing my fingers into a rogue's eye socket as she tried her damnedest to cut off my arm. Shrieking, she pulled back as I gouged out one of her eyeballs. Dropping the bloody mess in my hand, I lunged for her. We collided in a frenzy of punches and kicks. I might have taken one of her eyes, but that didn't deter her from her fighting abilities one bit. This rogue in particular was around the age of one thousand five hundred, and I snarled as we both hit the ground. Letting out a scream of rage, she flipped me over. Baring my fangs, I jerked my head up and ripped into her neck. Shoving her off me, I growled and went all-out on the shrieking bitch. Wrapping my hand around the sharp edges of the blade and hooking a finger around the arm of the hilt, I yanked the weapon from her. Ignoring the pain, I slammed her face first to the dirty pavement. I pressed a knee into her back and leaned forward, applying pressure. "You don't fuck with hunters and expect to survive," I snarled. "Or did you miss the memo when you decide to go rogue?" I growled and bashed her head into the unyielding asphalt. With a hiss, I drove her own blade into her back. The sounds of battle around us faded into the background as I punched my hand into her back, reaching for her heart. Taking a deep breath, I slammed into her mind as I slowly tore out her heart. Her memories flashed in my mind's eye like a movie. Spewing out a stream of curses and finding nothing useful, I pulled out and tore off her head. Getting to my feet, I kicked both body and head from me. The remaining four rogues let out snarls and rushed me.
"They're mine," Sven snarled, and I jumped back as he fell on them with vengeance. He did not play around. Sven was a blur as he tore them to pieces, literally. More blood rained around us, and body parts were strewn about, adding to the pile that was already there. "Don't. Fuck. With. Me," Sven growled. That growl turned into a snarl as our surrounding went up in flames, burning the dead and wiping all evidence to indicate that there was ever a battle to begin with in the first place. I mentally reached out to my two blades, and they flew into my hands as we launched ourselves into the sky. The fire continued to spread, consuming everything. When it was finally out, all that was left was a blanket of ash and the strong smell of smoke in the air. Liana flew to a panting Sven and rested a hand on his shoulder. Glancing at each of us in turn, she winced. Leaning in, she whispered something in his ear. A moment later, everything went dark.
"You have not come to see me," a low voice growled the moment we appeared at my residential home. "Instead, I get phantom pain in ways of a greeting."
"Hey to you, too, sire," Sven said and hissed in pain.
Tristan sighed and got up from my kitchen table, walking over to us. He cupped Sven's chin and stared intently into his eyes. "That was a close call," Tristan said softly.
Sven shuddered and gave the slightest of a nod. "It was," he muttered.
Tristan released him and took a step back. "Did you bring the weapon with you?"
"I have it," said Liana. She glanced down at the weapon in question before holding it out to Tristan who took it from her. "It looks like a spiked spear to me," she continued, shrugging.
"Looks like a makeshift scrap of metal," Sven said, tearing off his bloody shirt and tossing it across the room.
"Mmm," Tristan said slowly. "Too bad your mate killed him."
Liana growled, and for a moment, I thought she was going to rip into someone. "Your fucking damn right I did," she said through gritted teeth. "My only complaint is that I didn't get to kill him more slowly and painfully."
"Did you feed him?"
She sighed. "I gave him a little of my blood." Tristan stared at Sven disapprovingly.
"Hey," Sven said defensively. "She needed to be clearheaded enough to help Bryn and Ari while I sat on my ass trying very hard not to let my little friend out to play." Shaking his head, Tristan held out his wrist to Sven. He took it and sank his fangs in deep, groaning.
"Enough," Tristan growled after a long minute. Sven pulled back, glaring at his sire as he licked close the wound.
"I'm stealing one of your guest rooms," Sven growled to me and stalked from my kitchen, muttering under his breath as he went.
"Did you clean out my refrigerator?" I asked as Liana shook her head and followed Sven.
"I left you half a pint," said Tristan.
"Are you serious?" I yelped. At this, Ari flashed to my fridge and opened it.
"He's lying," she said a second later. "Though he did take six pints. You have thirteen bags left."
"Thanks," I muttered, flashing to her side and grabbing a bag. "Help yourself," I said to her before flashing from my kitchen and to my bathroom. "And you two better not be having sex!" I yelled. "I don't have soundproof!"
"Like we care!" Sven yelled.
"If you want to fuck then go fuck down in my basement!"
"Children!" Tristan snapped while Ari did her best not to laugh. "Get cleaned up or I am having all of you for lunch."
"Oh, dear god," I said, shuddering. "That just sounded so? so? so wrong!"
"Bryn," Tristan growled dangerously.
"Okay, I'm going to take a shower. Please don't destroy my things," I finished and slammed the bathroom door.
Forty-five minutes later, I was dressed and freed of blood. In my living room, Liana and Sven were talking softly to each other as Ari went through my collection of weapons. Leaning against the railing overlooking the said living room and with Tristan standing next to me, I watched her closely. "Where did you send the weapon to?" I asked him.
"To your sire," said Tristan.
I grunted. "Is he going to take it apart?"
"Perhaps," he replied, watching Ari just as intently as I was.
"I'm going to find this rogue, you know. Even if I have to hunt him or her across fifty states."
"I know you will." I scowled. "Did you get anything this morning?"
I sighed. "No, I basically got the same thing. Find out on your own, fuck you, fuck off, I'm not telling you shit, and the best of all, remaining silent. Oh, speaking of rogues, did you eat my latest one that I've brought in?"
"I did not."
"Did you kill him?" He growled and glared at me. I put up a hand. "Okay okay," I said, smirking and taking a step away from him. "I'll stop asking questions now."
"You do that," he said quietly.
"Hey, Sven?" Sven looked up and gave me a questioning look. "Mind teleporting me to Council HQ?"
He scowled. "You do realize my sire is standing right there next to you?"
"Yeah," I said dryly. "But at the present moment, I think he rather bite me than give me a lift." I took another step away from Tristan as he bared his fangs at me. "Now would be nice?" Sven chuckled, before everything went blessedly dark.
When the brief darkness lifted, I found myself standing in the middle of the lounge at Council HQ. Luckily, it was empty of all humans and vampires alike. Sniffing the air, I caught the scent of a human outside the closed door. I flashed over to the door and opened it. The human-one of the staffs here-turned and gave me a wave before turning back to her computer. I smirked and headed for the elevator. I stabbed the down button and waited impatiently for it to open. With a loud ding, the doors slid open, and I stepped inside, hitting B for basement. A moment later, I stepped out and headed straight for the cells. There were ten cells on each side, and finding the one I was looking for, I unlocked the cell door and stepped through it. The rogue inside, his wrist now healed, lunged for me, his fangs bared. Clenching my hand into a fist, I punched him in the throat before his fangs could find their mark. He gasped and choked as I followed the punch to the throat with an uppercut to his jaw. "Down, boy," I drawled and kicked him to the floor of his cell. Snarling and hissing in pain, he glared up at me.
"Bitch," he spat.
I let out a heavy sigh. "You know, you need a dictionary comprised of vocabularies for jackasses. It seems to me that stupid people such as yourself can't come up with a better, more creative ways of cursing." Putting a foot on his stomach and pushing down until he grunted in pain, I glared back at him. "Here's the deal," I said sweetly. "For each question you answer truthfully and trust me, I will know if you're lying or not, you'll get a pint of blood." I could've sworn his eyes darkened even more at the mentioned of blood. "And I am not fucking around."
"Give me your word," the rogue rasped softly, as if unable to believe what I was offering him. Giving someone your word was a small thing between humans or maybe a big one, but it wasn't binding to them. In the supernatural world, giving someone your word was a major deal. For one, if I break it, instead of walking out of here, I'd be in a world of unimaginable hurt unless I fulfill it, or ride out the pain. So giving someone my word was something I did lightly. I didn't give my word to anyone unless I knew for a fact that I could keep it. I couldn't speak for the other supernatural races, but it was one of the first things a fledgling learns when he or she became a vampire, either through experience or constant drilling.
"I give you my word," I said softly. "So you want that blood or not?" He nodded, and I removed my foot, allowing him to stand.
"I'll tell you anything."
I blinked at him. "Well," I drawled. "Now I know what to bribe my victims with," I said sarcastically. "Blood, I should've known." I sighed and leaned against the bars of the cell. "Did you kill the human last night?"
He shifted nervously, licking the blood off his healed lower lip. "I did."
"It wasn't just because you were hungry. Was it?"
He slowly shook his head. "It wasn't," he growled.
"I thought as much. What's your other reason for killing them, then?"
He bared his fangs at me, and then screamed as my blade found his balls. He stiffened, going rigid. "Fang me again," I warned. "And this will be the least of your worries," I growled. "Do we understand each other?" He nodded, not even daring to breathe. "Good," I said and withdrew the blade, sheathing it. "If you know me and my reputation, you know that I kill before asking any questions," I hissed. "Now, what is your other reason for killing the humans again?" I asked, as if this was a normal, ordinary, everyday conversation.
"The witches," he snarled. I just? stared at him blankly. "We attacked them so their magic will activate fully." I continued to just stare at him. "I'm telling you the truth," the rogue growled.
"I know you are," I said conversationally and continued to just stare, hoping he would get the brilliant idea to give me more details.
The rogue snarled in frustration and glared. "We figure one must either be a witch or a descendant."
"Who is? we?" I asked slowly, softly. "And who came up with the bright idea of starting a witch killing spree?"
"Vorgus."
"One last question, where, I dare to ask, might I find this? particular rogue?"
"Los Angeles," he hissed and screamed as I leaned in and slammed into his mind.
"Show me," I whispered in his ear. His mind was a vortex of hatred as I wrapped a hand around his throat and squeezed ever so slowly. An address flashed in his mind, and I smirked. Pulling out, I dropped my hand from him and exited the cell, closing and locking the door behind me. Cursing, I flashed to another room and for the refrigerator. Here, there wasn't much. A table with a couple of chairs was in the center of the room. Beside the refrigerator, there was a sink, a small counter with a microwave sitting on it, and a trashcan beside the fridge. Opening the fridge and snatching a small bin from the counter, I loaded it up with five plastic bags of blood. Not bothering to heat them up, I headed back and reentered the cell. The rogue's eyes nearly popped from his head as he saw the blood. At the moment, he probably didn't give a shit that it was bagged blood and not a human being. Snorting, I handed the bin to him, and he practically drooled as he attacked it. I waited silently, folding my arms and watching him with amusement. When the bags were empty and the inside of the bin splattered with blood, not to mentioned himself and the walls, I snatched it from him as he tried to get his ragged breathing under control. Dropping it just outside the door, I turned back to him. Before he could so much as blink, I punched my hand into his chest, wrapping my fingers around his heart. He gasped, his eyes going wide. "I gave you my word that I'd give you blood," I said. "I did not, however, give you my word that I wouldn't kill you after. Think of it as?" I frowned in thought as he clawed my arm in a weak attempt to push me away. "Last meal for a condemned vampire. I am a hunter. You are a rogue. My job is to kill you, and your job, my friend, is to die." With that, I smiled and ripped out his heart.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nineteen

Fifteen minutes later, I mentally unlocked my front door and stepped inside, ignoring the low growl from the living room. With a starting run, I vaulted the railing to the second floor. That growl turned into a long sigh as I stepped into my bathroom and for the shower. There was a pounding on the door five minutes later, and I scowled as I shut off the water. "What?" I snapped.
"Feeling bitchy, are you." Sven drawled. One of my blades flew from the sink counter and slammed into the door. Too bad it didn't go all the way through and stabbed him somewhere valuable. "I take that as a yes."
"What the fuck do you want?"
"Did you get anything?"
"Couldn't you wait for me to get out of the damn shower?"
"I could have," he said dryly as I exited the shower and quickly dried myself off and dressed in the spare clothes I kept in the cabinet for such an occasion. Pulling the blade from the door and picking up the rest of my weapons, I yanked it open. Sven's hand blurred and he caught the second blade aiming for him. I glared and shoved him. He flew back, hitting the wall with a curse. "Damn it," he growled. "Something in some part of your brain is wired wrong," he said, flashing to his feet.
"You think?" I said, flashing to him and driving a blade into his stomach? or tried to. Instead, he let out a hiss, his dark red eyes turning pitch black as the blade stabbed through the back of his hand. Blood dripped to the floor as Tristan appeared on the top landing, his hand gripping the railing like it was a lifeline. Sven took in a shuddering breath, and before I could blink, the hall was blurring past me. White light burst before my eyes, and when it cleared, I found myself on my living room floor and a bleeding Sven standing over me. He stared at the hole in his hand before glaring down at me. I reached for another blade, and then yelped as his foot came down on my hand, trapping it against the floor. After a moment, he moved and crouched beside me. "You plan to stab me?" I asked, smirking.
His eyes narrowed. "I don't know, Brynna. Should I?" He reached for my remaining weapons, and he dodged my punch. "You really don't want to do this, Bryn," he warned. I glanced around, realizing that Liana and Ari were standing beside Tristan, their hands on his arms. I growled at him and got up. Sven straightened, stiffening, as if getting ready to attack. "Are you done?" he asked quietly. "Or do you want to know how far you can push me. I am really not in the mood for your temperamental state of wanting to stab anything and anyone just out of spite." I shrugged. "Hand over your remaining blades."
"If you insist," I said and threw them at him, one after another in a rapid succession. This time none of them hit him as he dodged, snatching every last one from the air. I flashed away from him as he came at me. I gasped as he grabbed me, slamming me against the wall. His forearm slammed into my throat, and for a moment, I saw nothing but blackness. I grunted as he pressed me into the wall with his body.
"If you were anyone else," he hissed in my ear. "Your head would be rolling." Grunting, I tried pushing him off and away from me, but it was no use. "Since you are unwilling to tell us how your so-called interrogation went?"
"Get off," I choked out as he continued to cut off my air supply, not that I needed it to breathe.
"If I do, will you behave?" I glared at him. "I'll take that as a no," he said, and I silently cursed him as he removed the three blades I still had on me, tossing them onto the table. "And if you headbutt me, I am going to be fucking pissed." I continued to glare at him. "Now I don't remember what I was going to tell you while you were in the shower, but that's not here nor there. What did you find out from the rogue?" He removed his arm from my throat, but he didn't move away, his weight still pressing me into the wall.
"I found out who has been leading the killing spree," I hissed.
"And?" he asked after a long pause.
"And why they're killing one human after another and leaving their bodies for all to find."
"And?" he repeated.
I sighed. "Can you let me go now?"
"No." Growling, I shoved him, grunting with the effort. He pulled back slightly, his hand flashing and grabbing my wrist. My other wrist moved on its own, and I cursed him as I fought the mental pull. It was no use as he grabbed it and slammed my wrists over my head. "What else did he tell you?"
I let out a heavy sigh and glowered at him. "Witches," I snapped. "They killed them in order to find a witch, because we all know that their magic, if they have any, comes out during a traumatic event or gradually."
Sven blinked. "You are not serious."
"Oh, I assure you that I am."
He slowly released me and stepped back a few steps, scowling. "Tell me you got the name of the rogue who's leading this?"
I dropped my hands to my sides and straightened. "I do," I said. "I even got an address." Sven glanced at his healed hand and wiped the dry blood off with a napkin that was sitting on the table. "His name is Vorgus." He grunted, tossing the napkin into the trash. Sighing, he flashed into my kitchen, and I heard the sound of the sink water turning on. "Tristan?" I said, walking over to him. Tristan closed his eyes before opening them to glare at me. "Can I get an arrest warrant?" He stepped away from Liana and Ari, inclining his head in thought. There was a long minute of silence before he nodded, and a piece of paper appeared in his hand. Another piece of paper appeared in his other hand, and he held them both out to me. I hesitated and then snatched them from him before he got the brilliant idea to grab me, and then bite me. "Thanks," I said and flashed to the front door. I glanced back at him. "Are you planning to join us?" I asked, my hand on the doorknob. He nodded and disappeared into thin air. I mentally reached for my weapons as Sven, Liana, and Ari joined me. Opening the door, we stepped out into the setting sun.
Arriving at Los Angeles via teleportation, I looked around, frowning at the surrounding trees. "Good," said Liana. "No nearby neighbors." I nodded in agreement with her and started walking.
"So," Ari said, huffing out a breath. "How are we going to do this?"
"Kick the door in, grab him, hold him still, stake him, cuff him, and drag him out," I said. "That is an awesome idea in my opinion."
"I'm going to agree with Brynna here," said Sven. "It's more fun when you can just skip over the talking." Ari sighed. "Admit it, you agree with her idea as well." She scowled as Tristan stepped from the shadows.
"Go away," I said to him. He ignored me as we walked to the front door. Pausing, I glared at it. "Vorgus!" I called out. "Open up! Now!"
"We have a warrant for your arrest?" Ari whispered. I elbowed her in the side, and she grunted. "And? you don't need to yell. He can hear just fine?"
"Yelling has more of an appealing affect," I muttered.
"You have a point." Scowling, I folded up the warrants and shoved them into my pocket. I didn't have to look at the other piece of paper to know that it was a death warrant.
"Open up," I said to the closed door. "Or we're coming in." The tingle at my back grew, and I did my best? not to squirm. "You have thirty seconds to open this door," I warned after a long minute. When the thirty second was up, I sidestep as Tristan reached out and opened the screen door. There was a click, and then the main one opened a crack. I pushed it wider, and we stepped through. We entered directly into the living room and apart for the usual things you'd find, Vorgus himself wasn't one of them.
"Basement," Sven growled and was gone. Before I could shout a protest, everything went dark. When it lifted, I found myself surrounded by rogues, and lots of them. Sven stood at the far wall, looking casual, like this was an everyday thing for him.
"Another night of gathering?" Liana asked. "My, my, you really love us."
"So," I drawled. "Which one of you lucky ones is Vorgus, I wonder?" I looked around, just now noticing that Tristan wasn't down here with us. I glared at the crouched, snarling rogues, and they all looked ready to lunge at any second. I sighed. "You have a choice. Either give us Vorgus, or you all die this night. Which will it be? The easy way? Or the hard way?" Liana and Ari were on the stairs, and they smirked as one of them lunged for Sven.
"The hard way it is," Liana growled, and Ari ducked as she hit the ceiling to drop on the nearest rogue. Screams filled the basement, and it wasn't just the wounded. I paused in drawing my blade and glanced around as all the rogues dropped, clutching at their head.
"Well, damn," Ari said with a sigh. "I didn't get to hurt them. That is so not fair."
"Put away your blades, hunters," Tristan hissed softly from behind me. I stiffened, and it took all my willpower not to turn, fang him, and then stab him. I slowly and reluctantly removed my hand from the hilt of the blade as Tristan's aura pulsed around me. Sven slowly straightened from the rogue he downed and stepped away. The screams of the rogues turned into groans of pain as Tristan approached the nearest one, grabbing her and hauling her to her feet. Her moaning turned into whimpers as he put a finger under her chin, tilting her head back until she met his eye. "I truly don't understand why you pick death when you have an easy way out," he said thoughtfully. "Then again, I do understand the instinctive urges of our?" He paused, and I could've sworn I saw a flicker of a smile before it was gone. "Other half," he finished.
"Do you really?" another rogue gasped, cursing. "Have you ever let your beast out?" I froze, as Ari, Liana, and Sven sucked in a sharp breath. They had no fucking idea, I thought as Tristan's eyes fell on the speaker. He dropped his hand from the female rogue and stalked over to him.
"You have. No idea," he said, growling low in his throat. "Your beast is not even close to emerging," he said quietly. "You just?" He again paused, searching for the right words. "Let your beast guide you. You just follow its demands." He glanced at all the rogues and smiled coldly. Then his eyes flashed solid white, and they didn't return to their normal pitch black.
"Fuuuuuck," Sven hissed.
"Shit," I breathed and slowly, ever so slowly, backed away to the stairs. If the situation hadn't all of a sudden turned dyer for me, I would've laugh at the expressions on the rogues' faces. Grunting, Tristan stiffened, almost doubling over. He struggled to speak, but no words came out. Sven hesitated, before teleporting to his side. Putting a hand on his sire's shoulder, he pointed to the rogue in front of them.
"One wrong move," Sven said quietly. "One wrong word. One wrong anything? And I won't try to hold him back from draining you all dry and ripping you into bite size pieces." Sven stepped behind Tristan and put a restraining arm around him. "I am going to ask this once, and if you think I am shitting you, think again." Fangs bared and fully extended to their full length, Tristan snarled. The scent of fear was so thick in the air that I could hardly swallow. "Where. Is. Vorgus?"
"Across the street," one of the female rogues squeaked.
"Thank you. Now was that so hard?" Sven's head bent, and he whispered something I couldn't make out in his sire's ear. A split second later, everything once again went dark. Just as darkness closed around me, I heard the unmistakable sound of screaming.
We appeared on the roof, and wasting no time, Sven strode to the middle and shattered the glass. I jumped through as curses filled my ears. Launching myself across the wide room, I tackled a rogue to the floor. "Vorgus I presume?" I said sweetly, and he screamed as I wrenched his arms behind his back. I got off of him, my hands still in place as Sven cuffed him. "I'm going to fucking kill you!" he snarled. "I'm going to kill you all!"
"You have not answered my question," I said conversationally. "Are you Vorgus or not?"
"He is," Sven said dryly.
"Good," I said cheerfully. "Now we can get started. Sit him up." Vorgus groaned as Liana kicked him onto his back and pulled him into a sitting position. Unsheathing a blade, I twirled it between my fingers. "So, first things first. Why were you looking for witches?" I put up a hand as he opened his mouth to speak. "Yes," I drawled. "We know you're looking for witches. My question is why?"
"For the high," Vorgus hissed.
I blinked. "Excuse me?"
He glared at me. "Have you tried witch blood, hunter?"
"You have got to be fucking with me," Sven said, groaning.
"I have," I said as Sven closed his eyes. "Two years ago matter of a fact."
"Then you know how sweet their blood is."
"I do. So you want your own supply of witches I take it?" He shrugged. I smirked. "I'm gonna go on the assumption that you've never met a witch before. Am I right?"
"What does it matter to you?" he snapped.
I stopped twirling the blade and sent it straight into the right side of his chest, purposely missing his heart. "It matters," I growled as he let out a gasp of pain. "Because the humans you've killed these past two, three nights? Were not witches, far from it, you stupid fucking piece of shit. You don't know how to identify a witch, do you?" He remained silent, and I smiled. "That's what I thought," I hissed as a bloodied, panting Tristan appeared behind the rogue. His eyes were no longer white, but dark red. He looked down at himself and sighed.
"Damn," he muttered and grabbed Vorgus, holding him in place.
"Did you get all that?" I asked him.
He grunted and gave the slightest of a nod. "Nicely done, hunter," he said and pulled out my blade, tossing it back to me. I plucked it from the air and sheathed it. "Now finish what you were going to tell him?"
"Right," I said, glaring at the rogue. "The scent of a witch's blood is sweet. That is how you go looking for witches, you idiot."
"Smells like cotton candy," Sven said and dodged Tristan's grab for him. "Too bad you won't get a taste."
"On that," I said, smirking. "You are correct, but their blood doesn't smell like cotton candy." He shrugged.
"Are we done here?" Tristan growled. I nodded, and before Vorgus knew what hit him, Tristan drove his fangs into the side of the rogue's neck, drinking deeply.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty

"Jesric wouldn't have come, even if you gave him a call," Tristan said from behind me six, seven hours later. I frowned and dropped the blade I was cleaning and turned to him.
"Why do you say that?"
"Do you remember the death of his mate?"
I straightened and nodded. "Roraena," I said softly, inwardly wincing.
"Yes," he said and glanced out the window of his office. "After her death, he went a little? out of control. I do not blame him in the least."
I winced. "Please tell me he's not dead."
Tristan shook his head. "About a year after her death, he almost killed a human."
I whistled. "Shit."
"So, on February 8th, 2004, I put him to sleep. And he has been sleeping ever since."
"Shit," I repeated. "Does Jailyn know?"
"Yes, she does. She was there."
I nodded. "When are you going to wake him?"
He turned from the window and shrugged. "When the time is right."
I blinked at him. "And that time is? when?"
"You will know."
"He's a necromancer as well if I remember correctly, a powerful one at that, too."
"Yes, and yes."
"I supposed you want me to keep silent."
"Yes."
"Anyone else besides me knows about him?"
"Yes."
"You're not going to say more, are you?"
"No."
I sighed. "I figured as much," I said, turning back to the cleaning of my blade. I felt him moving to the door, and my neck tingled as he bore a hole into the back of my skull.
"Before I forget, you have something on your desk," he said and was gone.
"Bye to you, too," I muttered and closed the cleaning kit I was using. Sheathing my blade, I picked it up and exited Tristan's office, heading for mine.
Pausing at the door, I opened it before stepping through. Nodding to myself and not bothering with the light, I walked to my desk and sat. I glared at my laptop before flicking the mouse pad to get rid of the screensaver. Leaning back in my chair, I reached for the envelope, a little afraid to look inside as I slid it open. Before I could pull out whatever it was inside, it vanished from my hands. "Sven!" I shouted. "You fucking asshole!" Getting up, I flashed from my office and ran to the main floor, forgoing the elevators. Slamming the doors opened, I flew at Sven and punched him.
"What was that for?" he asked, choking and rubbing his throat. I snatched the envelope from him and glared.
"Did you look at it?"
"No, but I was about to." Glancing at the double doors leading outside, I went over to the counter and leaned on it. "Are you going to see what it is?"
"I already know what it is. I just don't want to see the amount."
He smirked. "I can check it for you, if you like."
"Take one step towards me," I warned. "And I'll gut you."
He sighed, shaking his head. "Fine," he said, flashing to the door. "If you happen to make a million dollars in the next two seconds, please, do share with the rest of us," he finished, pushing the door open and stepping out.
"The only thing I'll share is a punch to the face," I muttered and took out the check. Crumbling up the envelope, I tossed it into the trashcan that was under the counter. Taking a deep breath, I looked at the check in my hand and let out a long whistle. "Wow," I said. "I should ask for a raise more often. I have to say this is nice."
"Don't get used to it," Tristan said from behind the bulletproof glass. I straightened, turning to glare at him. He chuckled as he came out to join me.
"Thanks," I said, slipping the check into my pocket. He grunted. "So," I said with a heavy sigh. "I supposed you killed Vorgus."
He tilted his head slightly. "I did." I grumbled, and he shrugged. "Sorry, I was a little? hungry."
"You," I said, jabbing a finger in his direction. "Are always, always hungry."
He smirked. "I'm not always hungry."
"Yes," I said, scowling. "You are." I pulled out my phone and checked the time. It was four in the morning, and I looked up at Tristan, shoving the device back into my pocket. "Please, please tell me you've fed recently."
His eyes narrowed. "And if I haven't?" he asked softly. I groaned and fought the urge to reach for one of my blades. He grunted, his eyes going to the doors that led outside. "Humans," he hissed.
"Can I see Jesric?" I asked quickly and almost laughed as he stopped breathing altogether. It was part distraction, and it apparently worked as he turned to stare at me.
"Did I hear that wrong?" he asked slowly and tilted his head to the side, scowling like it took all of his willpower to focus.
"Nope," I said and straightened, walking the short distance to his side. "You heard me correctly." I put a hand on his upper arm, and he went rigid as I slowly slipped my other hand into his pocket. "Do you mind?" I asked, pulling out his gun inch by slow agonizing inch. "I kind of? left mine in the desk drawer of my office." Tristan didn't say anything, or move as I took his own custom-made weapon and pressed it against his head. I had no idea what kind of bullet it contained, but whatever it was, it was good enough to put him out cold for a little while. Without hesitation, I pulled the trigger. He sucked in a sharp breath, and then groaned as I dragged him to the door left of the counter and into the lounge. I grunted, practically dropping his unconscious ass onto one of the couches. "If you don't mind," I said to him. "Stay unconscious for another minute longer, okay?" I set his gun on the table and flashed out of there, doubly glad he didn't kill me.
"Did you really have to shoot him?" Sven asked, leaning against the railing.
I glanced up the steps leading to the parking lot and shrugged. "You felt it, I see." He glared at me and sighed, rubbing his temples. "Are you going to tell?"
"Tell what?"
"How it felt. I've been curious ever since the guns were made."
He reached into his pocket, and I yelped, jumping back. "Don't you dare pull that on me," I warned, putting up my hands and still backing away from him.
He smirked. "I thought you wanted to know?"
I glared at him. "That's not what I meant, and you know it."
He sighed. "Very well. I thought my head was going to split in two." I winced. "I think my brain short circuited, and not in a pleasant way, I might add."
"Can't say that I'm sorry. Just be glad you weren't the target."
"I'm going to drop Alyssa a visit," he said a moment later. "Care to accompany me?"
"Now?"
"After I feed," he muttered and straightened.
"I'll join you." He grunted and went up the steps, squinting and shielding his eyes from the sun. I stopped at his side, and he reached out, putting a hand on my shoulder a split second before everything went dark.
We appeared behind a closed shop, and Sven nodded, dropping his hand from me. "I really hope?" He trailed off and coughed. "Never mind," he said, clearing his throat. "I got my wish." Four rogues rounded the building and froze as their eyes landed on Sven, who widened his eyes dramatically. I sighed and elbowed him hard. "Ow," he hissed, stepping away from me. "What did I do?"
"You did that on purpose," I hissed.
He blinked. "Did what?" he asked, his fangs flashing.
"Sven," I growled. "Your aura," I hissed.
He smirked and leaned casually against the dirty brick beside him. "Oh, that." He glanced down at himself and shrugged. "I'm just a civilian. I think they're frozen to the spot because of you. After all, you're popular." I fought down the urge to punch him and then some. "I wonder how long they're going to stand there."
"Do you realize you're acting like a fledgling?"
He cleared his throat and swallowed. "Am I?"
"Yes," I said through gritted teeth, and then stumbled back as the full weight of his aura crashed into me. Sven straightened, all sarcasm and joking aside.
"Is this more to your liking?" he growled, staring intently at the rogues. For once, I kept my mouth shut. "Gentlemen," he said to them. "How are you on this fine, fine morning?" I choked on a laugh, taking another step away from him. He sighed and glanced around. Seeing no human nearby, he unsheathed his blade and walked toward them. "Let's see what you've children been up to," he said quietly, and one of the rogues fell to his knees, clutching his head and groaning. "Oh," said Sven. "We can't have any of that now, can we?" he asked, and in the blink of an eye, the rogue's head was rolling on the ground. One blade drove into another rogue's chest; one went straight into another's mouth, while the last rogue hit the ground face first. Sven closed in, straddling her as he grabbed her head and bent it backward. His fingers dug into her neck, and he slowly tore it off. Grunting, he got to his feet and released his mental hold on the two remaining rogues. Cursing, I launched myself at the nearest one, unsheathing a blade and driving it into his ear. Jerking it out, I stabbed him in the throat, until his head was no longer attached to his body. Sven dispatched the last rogue, and we stood there in the sudden silence, the smell of blood and death permeating the air.
"Feel better?" I asked.
"Much," he growled, wiping the blood off his blades. "But I'm still hungry."
I snorted. "Of course you are," I said and nodded to him. "Illusions?"
"What?"
"We're covered in blood."
"Oh," he muttered, and I jumped back as fireballs flew through the air, setting the dead on fire.
"Unless you want to clean up real quick?" He shook his head, and then the blood on his skin, clothes and hair was gone. He walked over to me, and he teleported, appearing in a dark side street.
"Los Angeles," he growled and inhaled deeply. After a minute, he let it out with a shuddering sigh. Sheathing my blade, I watched as a human came into view, walking toward us, his eyes unfocused. "Go on ahead," Sven said, his fangs extending to their full length. Nodding, I launched myself into the sky and flew toward the house where Alyssa lived with her parents and her five lovely, lovely siblings.
Making sure no humans were around, I dropped to the ground and onto their doorstep. I jabbed the doorbell with a finger and waited. A few seconds later, the door opened, and Alyssa peered out at me. "Hey, human," I said conversationally and willed my fangs to retract. She blinked at me. "Are your parents home?"
"No," she said hesitantly.
"Good, may I come in?" I asked, trying very hard not to lean in and inhale her. At the moment, I was holding my breath.
She eyed me suspiciously. "I don't know you."
"Of course you don't, but invite me in anyways."
"What will you do if I don't invite you in?" She let out a gasp as Sven appeared beside me. She instinctively closed the door, but I stuck out a foot before it could shut all the way.
"Human?" Sven asked, glancing at me. "She's a witch."
"She's still a human."
"What do you want?" Alyssa asked as her brothers and sisters gathered behind her.
"Invite us in, and we'll tell you," I said.
"I thought you don't need an invitation?"
"I don't, but I'm ordered to be on my best, best behavior. So here I am, being oh so polite and asking to be invited in. So, invite us in?"
"Vampires," Jane said and tried to get past her sister who held her back.
"I'll? stay in here, and you guys? can stay out there."
I sighed.
"Alyssa," Jane whispered. "Why can't we let them in?" I grimaced as Alyssa applied more pressure to the door.
"Are you with the NSC?" Alyssa asked.
"What an interesting question to ask," I said. "Who told you about the NSC?"
"Trynnadon."
"When was this?"
"A few weeks ago. So are you?"
"I'm afraid not, sweetness. Has he continued to feed from you or your sister?"
"No, he hasn't."
"Good. Did he tell you why he's been hanging around this neighborhood?"
"For our protection? He says you guys can smell witch blood from a mile away."
"True and true."
"I'm still not inviting you in." I sighed and pushed at the door. She let out a yelp, and I stepped inside before she could slam the door on me, literally. Sven's hand shot out and caught Lily as she tried to run for the hall.
"Calm down," I said sweetly. "Just calm down." A wave of calm filled the room, and Lily stopped struggling in Sven's arms. "There now," I said and tapped Alyssa on her shoulder. "Look at me, kiddo." She frowned, but did as she was told, her eyes lifting to meet mine. "Good girl," I said, dropping my voice. I stared deeply into her eyes, and her expression went blank. "Now, tell your sweet, precious baby sister to come and stand beside you."
"Jane?" Alyssa said blankly. "Come here." Jane glanced around nervously before coming to stand beside her big sister. I looked around, my gaze meeting Lily, the twins, Briana. Sven stepped back from the kids, his eyes going to the plate of brownies that was sitting on the table.
"Do you mind if I take one, sweetheart?" he asked Jane, who shook her head. "Thank you," he said and took one. "Bryn, care for one?"
I shrugged. "Sure, why not." He appeared at my side, and I took the triple chocolate double fudge from him. Nibbling at it, I nodded to myself and returned my attention to Alyssa. "I only have one question for you, you lovely, delicious humans, and I want you all to answer truthfully. Understand? Nod if you do." They all nodded, and I smirked. "Very well, kiddies," I said as the back of my neck began to tingle. "Do you truly believe vampires exist? If so, why aren't you all freaking out?"
"Brynna," Sven said and groaned.
"It's a genuine question," I said defensively as an opened bottle of water appeared in my hand. Grateful, I took a long swig of the ice-cold liquid before biting off a bigger chunk of the brownie. "Well?" I asked slowly.
"Trynnadon compelled us not to be afraid?" Alyssa asked.
"No, he only compelled you to do as he says. Why didn't you shriek like a schoolgirl and run away?"
"I don't know," said Alyssa. "I'm open-minded."
"Are you now?"
"Yes."
"Hmm," I said thoughtfully, finishing off the rest of the sweet chocolate confection in my hand. "Your minds have been wiped."
"Blocked," Sven muttered.
"Blocked, whatever. If we were to unblock these memories, will you be like the rest of the human population and run screaming on top of your lungs?"
"It depends," Alyssa said as a pale hand reached for her, turning her head slightly. I stepped aside as I released them. Before they could regain some semblance of reality, they were back under.
"Mmm," Tristan said thoughtfully, inclining his head as if listening to something. "You six are a very, very interesting bunch." Because I was in Alyssa's head and not really paying attention, I let out a startled breath as the mind block was lifted. It was like a fog being lifted, and everything just seemed? clearer. Shaking my head, I pulled out as Tristan whispered something into their minds. He put a hand on me and Sven. Giving the kids one last look and leaving them blinking in confusion, he teleported a block down, the house still in sight.
"That went well," said Sven. "I think." He scowled at me. "So, are you going to tell me how much you made?"
I shook my head. "Nope," I said. "I will, however, tell you that I'm going on vacation."
He blinked. "Vacation?"
"Yep, the beach and everything. What about you?"
"I'm heading back home."
"Where are you staying now these days?"
"Georgia." I grunted. "Next time I make my way back to California, maybe I'll stick around, perhaps permanently. Will see." I nodded. "Sire, it was nice to see you again."
"Likewise," said Tristan.
"Do me a favor?" Tristan just stared at him. "Please don't kill anyone while I'm gone."
"Would I do such a thing?"
"Yes, you would."
"Not to worry," I said. "I believe Elijah can handle him for a few more years." Tristan glared at me, and I laughed as I slowly walked away from them. "Tristan, if you ever-and I will say this for Sven as well-if f you ever need us, give us a call."
"The same can be said for you both," Tristan said, not moving from where he stood, watching us.
"If I didn't know you better," Sven said from beside me. "I'd think you were serious about going on vacation."
I snorted. "You know me," I said. "I'm the hunter in every rogue's nightmare. I'm the shadow within shadows." He inclined his head. "I'll be around." Nodding to me, he vanished into thin air. I glanced back at Tristan, nodding to him as I disappeared into the shadows.


* * * * * *



To find other books by Alina Meuangkhot, please visit:

https://www.alinambooks.com/


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Goodreads:
https://www.goodreads.com/Alina_M

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
