Blood Revenge
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2011 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.




* * * * * *



Acknowledgements:

I’d like to thank Oriol Gomez for helping me with the English to Spanish translation for this book. Unfortunately, I didn’t have much luck with English to Swedish. However, I still gave it my best shot with the google translator. Anyways, I hope you enjoy this book.




* * * * * *



Prologue Fifteen Years Ago

TRISTAN

I shot out of bed and on to the floor. The pain coursing through me felt like I was being set on fire. What the fuck, I gasped out. The ringing of a telephone was like a sonic boom to my already splitting headache. I reach blindly for it and snatched it out of its cradle. I put it to my ear and listened. I didn’t say anything, matter of fact, I couldn’t say anything if I wanted to. I listen as the screaming grew louder and raspier, and then died off. I slammed the phone down and got painfully to my feet. I focused all my energy and teleported out of my room. What met me on the other side were memories that would haunt me for as long as I live. The smell of smoke, the smell of burning flesh, and blood, lots of blood was the first thing I noticed when I got there. The room was a fire pit. It was painted dark red and bared of everything but the fire in the center. I watched in disbelief as the remaining fire burnt itself out. I snarled and stalked to the door. The anger I couldn’t feel earlier replaced the pain I felt. I open the door, hallways led in all directions. I moved toward the sound of voices and stop just before the opened door and listen. “She’s a tough bitch,” said one of them. “She fights like she’s from a powerful bloodline.”
“She did give us four names to go by though. She says we’ll regret killing her,” said another one.
“Should one of us go check if she’s ash yet?” asked another. This one sounded very young.
“Yes, you shall check,” said the first. I moved away from the door and hid myself in the corner. I watched as he walked out and came toward me. I went through his mind and pulled out his name. He stopped when he saw me.
“Who are you? And what are you doing here?”
I bared my fangs at him. “Don’t you have something to do?” I hissed.
He snarled. “I said—”
“Please, go on, don’t let me stop you.” He glared at me and continued walking, and I followed. He led me back to the pit room. He frowned at the opened door a few seconds and went inside. He walked over to the center of the room and looked down. “Find anything of interest?” I asked.
He whirled around and snarled. “Who the fuck are you?” He launched himself at me, but I was quicker. I froze him midair. He struggled against my mental hold. I threw him across the room. He fell to the ground, and I was on him before he could even try to get up. I wrapped my hands around his throat. “What the fuck are you—?”
“Tell me something, did she taste delicious? Did you get what you want? Did she keep you entertained?” I growled. “Or was she too good for you that you didn’t get your fangs anywhere near her?” He looked startled and confused. “Pity.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” he gasped out.
“Oh really? I leaned down and whispered in his ear. “Evelyn.”
“I don’t know who she is.”
“Do you know who I am? I’m sure you heard about me. My name probably pops up in every conversation at your little meeting.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Wonderful.”
“Let me go.”
“I don’t think so. I like you to relax while your little friends get here. I’m sure it won’t take long at all.”
“No. Please. Don’t.”
“Just a little something to help you out,” I whispered and struck, releasing my lovely special venom into his bloodstream. He gave a bloodcurdling scream. I withdrew my fangs, licking my lips. I got off of him. I watched as he writhed on the floor. “They’ll be here in no time.” I moved away from him and cloaked my presence from the room. “You know, killing a fledgling is so much fun. Oh, and Pete? Tell them who I am, because I know that you know who I am.” A minute later, the door flew opened and they stormed in. They flashed to his side asking all kinds of questions. There were twelve of them including the one on the floor. Through all the commotion, they didn’t notice me as I stepped up to one of them and grabbed several matchsticks and a lighter from the bag. I walked over to the fire pit and lit up each matchsticks and tossing it in. It was the fire that caught their attention. They all spun around to look at me. A second later, they all rushed me. I was out of their way in a split second. I put them all in a mental hold. “Silence,” I snarled. The room went silent like switching off a light switch. I silenced the asshole that was still screaming his head off. I walked over to them.
“Who are you?” the nearest one to me asked.
“Does it matter?” I moved them all to the edge of the pit. I flashed over to the one on the floor and jerked him up.
“Why are you doing this?” another asked, looking behind him.
“Why did you do it to Evelyn?”
“Who are you?” another one asked.
I ignored them as I moved him to the pit. “Who’s the leader of this group?” I asked.
“I am,” said the tallest of the group.
“Wonderful, you’ll watch your fellow member burn.”
“No, don’t.”
“Evelyn is my sister,” I hissed and pushed the one I was still holding.
“No,” the leader screamed as each one fell into the fire.
“Now you know what it feels like.” I grabbed him and dragged him into another room which looked like a conference room. I slammed him against the wall and pinned him. “What’s the name of your so called organization?”
“Fuck off,” he snarled.
“Fine, be that way.” I let him go and blasted his mind open. He screamed and fell to the floor as I sifted through his head. I pulled out all the info that I needed and released him. “Thanks.”
“Fuck you,” he snarled. He gave me a murderous glare.
I smiled. “Tell Aiden I’m looking for him,” I said and teleported myself back to my room. I scream and wondered why Avery wasn’t there. I punched the window and glass flew in all direction. I stared out the shattered window, trying to calm myself, because screaming and throwing things wouldn’t revenge Evelyn. Nothing would.


* * * * * *



Chapter One

I felt her pain. I heard her screams. I didn’t know I was feeling the pain of death until it was too late. I could remember the event like it was yesterday. For fifteen years, I’ve been hunting and slaughtering every single vampire that was involve with the organization or knew something about that day, and there’s only one vampire that I really want, and that’s the leader of this Desecrator group. I always came close to finding him, but he always managed to stay one step ahead of me, but this time, I would find him and slaughter him like the piece of shit he was. I was like shadow breathing down their necks, waiting, watching.
I looked at the clock on the wall. It was two in the morning. I growled and sent a sharp command to the door. It flew opened just like I want it to. I stalked out into the cool night. I inhaled the air and walked down the street. Car whizzed by and rap music thumped in almost all the car that passed by. I also heard a siren off in the distance, and it was getting louder as it got closer to where I was. I continued walking as red and blue lights flashed by. I turn the corner and spotted a shadowy figure up ahead. I kind of blamed my brother about that fateful day. Maybe I shouldn’t, but we never spoke about that day, probably never would, if it came down to it. I walked toward the shadowy figure. I stopped in front of him. I didn’t say anything as I waited for him to speak first. “She’s not in town.” I just looked at him. “I tracked her all the way to Los Angeles.” I nodded and walked away from him. “I’m coming with you rather you want me too or not,” he called after me. I mentally told him to fuck off. I felt the stirring of the air behind me, but I just kept on walking.
“Hey, you going somewhere?” I didn’t answer her. She put her hand on my shoulder. I stiffened and stopped walking. If she didn’t take her hand off of me soon, I was going to bite it off for her. Feeling the tension or reading my mind, she took her hand off of me. She came around to face me. “Where’s your brother?”
“Diving off scaffoldings,” I muttered.
She glared at me. “Seriously, did you meet up with him?” I nodded stiffly. “Are you letting him go with you?”
“Nothing I say is going to stop him anyways.” I stared at her. “My brother tells you everything, doesn’t he?” She nodded. I stepped away from her. “He’s back there somewhere.” She gave me another glare before disappearing and leaving me to mind my own business. I prefer to be alone anyways.
I continued my way down the streets, the glare from headlights blinding me. I should’ve brought my sunglasses. Oh well. Being from a powerful bloodline could sometimes be a pain in the ass, but sometimes it could be very useful, like reading minds for instance, so much for turning off the switch. I smiled evilly at the thought of how everybody falls under my incanting abilities. I leaned against a tree, blending myself with the shadows. Inhaling the sultry air, I pulled out my phone and texted Trynnadon with the arrival info and to watch out for me, my brother, and his precious girlfriend. I flipped the phone shut and slipped it back in my pocket. I let my mind wander back to that day fifteen years ago, the words playing over in my head. She’s a tough bitch. She fights like she’s from a powerful bloodline. She did give us four names to go by though, and she says we’ll regret killing her. Should one of us go check if she’s ash yet? I snapped back to reality. She… she… she… Oh, how I wish I could kill them all over again. My phone buzz and I pulled it out with unnecessary force. “What?” I growled.
“Such an impolite way of answering the phone,” Trynnadon hissed. “I was just wondering what time you’ll be arriving.”
I looked at the time on the phone. “Three hours,” I growled.
“So, I’ll be expecting you around nine-thirty?” I hissed in response. He chuckled. “I’m guessing that’s a yes?” I hit the end button and turned off my phone before flipping it shut and slipping it back in my pocket. My brother and I would be driving an hour and a half from San Diego to Los Angeles in a few hours. Adalyn will be coming along for the ride, because anything that involved bloodshed she wanted in, and bloodshed was at the top of my list at the moment. I cursed and stepped out of my hiding spot. It was getting brighter by the second. I sighed and made my way home. When I turn the corner, I could see my brother on the front porch, waiting for me, so much for avoiding him. I leapt up on the porch behind him and sent a sharp command at the door, and it flew open, hitting the wall with a loud thump. He shrugged as he felt me glaring at the back of his head. He stepped inside, and I passed him to my room, knowing very well that he was going to follow sooner or later. I sat down on the bed and stared at the opposite wall. I felt him there before he uttered a word. He was standing there, like waiting for a fucking permission to come in. I glanced over at him and back to the blank wall. He walked in and came to stand in front of me, blocking my view. “I texted you a dozen times,” he said. I didn’t say anything. I’m thinking of leaving earlier than planned.” I just looked at him, waiting for him to continue. “Listen, if we get there sooner than later, we might catch her before she skip town again.”
I sighed. “When?”
He thought about it for a minute. “In half an hour?”
I nodded. “Get your girl and be back here.” He nodded and flashed out of my room. I cursed and pulled out my phone for the millionth time and texted Trynnadon.
I stood up and paced around the room. I so wish that seconds were minutes, but that wasn’t the case when I looked at the clock ticking down second after second. I walked out the door as I heard my brother coming in. Adalyn gave me a nod as a greeting. She was still afraid of me. I so didn’t blame her. I smiled at her, showing her a hint of my fangs. Avery stiffened. “Easy brother… I wasn’t going to touch her.” He glared at me. I laughed. “Touchy.” He glanced at the clock and started muttering under his breath. We waited as the long-hand on the clock moved slowly to six. Avery sighed and headed for the door. I slammed the door shut and made my way to the car which was already up and running. I got in the back while Avery and Adalyn got the front. He turned to look at me, his eyes narrowing.
“Did you feed?” he asked stiffly. I glared at him. He shook his head, answering his own question. He turned back to the front and we were off. “Be nice if you did,” he muttered to himself.
“If you ask me that again when you know the answer, I’ll bite your precious girl,” I hissed. Adalyn made a sound and leaned forward, hoping I wouldn’t grab for her.
“You wouldn’t,” he said, sounding uncertain.
“You don’t believe that I would?” In a blur, I threw myself forward and grabbed Adalyn, pulling her back and holding her tightly against the seat. The car swerved dangerously. Avery snarled and slammed on the brakes. Cars that were behind us honk their horns and give us the finger. I licked the side of her neck. She jerked and whimpered. We were now parked in the middle of the road. Avery hissed.
“Let her go,” he growled. I glanced at him. He was taut as a cable that was about to break, his eyes that were once ringed with red were now pitch black. Adalyn snarled and tried to shake me off, but I held on, tightening my grip. “Let. Her. Go. You made your point,” he hissed. He glanced in the rearview mirror. “Cops, behind us.” I tensed up, restrained myself from biting her, and let go of her as the siren blared, deafening me for a few seconds. I settled back and watched as the two officers came up to the driver window. One of them knocked. Avery threw me a murderous glare before turning back to the officers and rolling down the window. The two officers checked who was in the car. I stared at them blankly.
“What are you three doing, driving around this early?”
Avery stared at both of them, catching them under his gaze. “No one called in. You were on your routine patrols.”
“You can do better than that, brother,” I muttered under my breath.
“You saw nothing interesting while patrolling,” Avery said, ignoring me completely. The officers nodded and went back the way they came. Avery put the car into gear and floored it.
“In a hurry?” I asked coldly. I pricked my tongue against one of my fangs, tasting my own blood. Avery hissed as the scent of blood reached him. He slowed and put the car into park on the side of the road. “Giving me permission?” Adalyn’s breathing grew faster. She put her hand on the door. Opening it, she vaulted out of the car. I was out in a flash and caught up to her in matter of seconds, Avery right behind me. Before he could get to her, I grabbed her and pulled her to me, holding her against my chest. She struggled to break out of my embrace with no luck. Avery came around to face me. I stared him down, my hunger rising to a breaking point. I stiffened to control it, trying not to think about Adalyn still struggling in my arms and the blood pulsing under her skin.
“Let her go,” said Avery.
“Blast him,” Adalyn gasped. As a last ditch effort, she turned her head and buried her fangs in my arm, releasing a huge amount of venom into my bloodstream. I hissed as the taste of metal coated my mouth. I held on even tighter and she squealed in pain. “Did you tell her that venom affects you and me differently?” I hissed. Avery went very still and so did Adalyn. “Yeah… You. Didn’t…”
“I do know,” Adalyn whispered. Every hair on her arms stood up. “Fuck,” she hissed. “Avery,” she whimpered. “You have no choice, blast him. It will keep him out for a while,” she pleaded. “Please…” she moaned. Avery pulled out something and in a blur shot me with a stun gun made by that genius Wesley. I cursed and let her go as he shot me several more times. I saw Adalyn pulling out her own gun and started shooting me as well. I hit the ground and pain held me in place. The world started to spin. Avery came up beside me and shot me one more time. The last thing I heard was something about making something stronger before I lost consciousness.
The first thing I notice when all my senses came back to life was the motion of the car moving. Nausea rolled through me. I clamp my mouth tightly and breathe slowly in and out to keep from puking my contaminated blood all over the car. I seriously needed to feed or puke it out. “He’s awake,” Adalyn whispered. My eyes popped open at the sound of her voice, and I cringed at the bright ass ball of flame. With my arm over my eyes, I reached into the bag and pulled out my sunglasses and slipped them on. I still didn’t bother to open my eyes which were burning like a bitch at the moment. Damn, how long had I been out?
“Several hours,” said Avery. “I got you good, after I shot you several times.” I tensed as the nausea that was gripping me turned into raging hunger. “Fuck,” Avery hissed. “Oh please don’t even think about it yet,” he pleaded. “We’re two minutes away.” I curled into myself and locked my muscles in place. Fuck my life. This was going to end badly.
“Go, go,” Adalyn yelled at him. I snarled at the sound of her voice and she gave a small scream. My eyes snapped open and locked on the side of her throat which was pulsing a million miles per hour. I could hear Avery taking deep breaths in and out.
“Let me out,” I hissed.
“Are you out of your fucking mind?” he snapped. I growled at him. “Besides, we’re here. Ada, get out.” In a split second, she had the door opened and was running toward the house and was pounding on it. Avery got out, and in a blur he had his hands wrapped around my throat. He squeezed and pulled me out of the car. I felt the stir of the air and another pair of hands on me. I hissed.
“Holy shit,” said Trynnadon.
“Yeah, you could say that again,” said Avery. I tensed and pulled out of Avery’s embrace. He cursed. I pushed him to the ground. Before I could do anything else, Trynnadon pulled me away from him. I spun around and struck. I growled as the warm sweet blood filled my mouth. Trynnadon screamed and screamed as I continue to feed from him.
“Avery, what the fuck are you doing? Get your god forsaken brother off me,” he gasped. I held on even tighter as Avery attempted to pull me off of Trynnadon. I groaned as I felt a sharp pain of the taser. It was growing worse second by second. Then Avery hit me with a mental blast. I jerked, releasing Trynnadon. He shoved me off of him. Still screaming in pain, he clumsily got up and would have fallen if Avery didn’t catch him. I, on the other hand was silently screaming.
“Tryn, go feed on one of your humans. That’s the only way to get rid of the pain,” said Avery. “I got him.” My vision dimmed and blurred. “Damn, brother, you looked hungry as fuck. Here’s the deal, I’ll let you go only if you promise not to jump me.” I snarled. “You won’t get any more blood then. You know, I can keep you under my mental hold as long as it takes.”
“We can put him in the isolation room.” Avery turned his head to see who it was. “You don’t have to put him through all that. He won’t be able to get out.”
“You sure about that?”
“Yes.”
“What is your name?”
“Scarlett.”
“Ah, I remember you now.” He turned back to me. “What you say, isolation room or my painful mental hold?” I take isolation room any fucking day. Damn, I was so out of it. “I prefer that too.” He jerked me up and led me inside, through a second door, down the hall, and into a bare room with white walls, floor, and ceiling. My brother sniffed the air and then shoved me inside, my hands out to stop my fall. He finally let me go. My hold body tingled. I sniffed the air. There was no human scent in here. I turned to face the door. Avery was standing in the doorway, blocking me from Scarlett who was eyeing me with fear in her eyes. I smiled at her, and she whimpered. I watched as she reached in her pocket, pulled out a stun gun, and pointed it at me. I blinked.
“Sixteen hundred,” she said, and she fired, hitting me in the upper arm. I hissed and fell onto my side.
“No more,” my brother said as she was about to put another in me. The tranquilizers were rapidly spreading throughout my whole body. I smiled in amusement. This dosage was more effective, but I wasn’t going to let anybody know that for the time being. “Run along, I’ll take it from here.” He stepped in and was about to close the door until he noticed that there was no doorknob. He closed it as much as he could without actually closing it. He stared down at me. He kicked me onto my back and sat on the floor beside me. “How long will it take for this one to wear off?” he asked. No idea, I mentally snarled at him. “You owe me one,” he said and struck his wrist and put it to my mouth. It was a few seconds later that I could feel my strength and the rest coming back to alertness. I groaned and buried my fangs into his semi-healed wrist. A minute or so later, he cursed and glared at me. “Enough,” he hissed and pulled his wrist away, tearing it open even more. He licked it closed and got up. “You’re good?”
“Yes,” I said, sighing heavily. He nodded and opened the door. He reached down and pulled me up. Once I was able to stand on my own, he let me go. “Go ahead,” I said. “I promise not to bleed anyone.”
“I totally don’t trust you,” he said. He narrowed his eyes and stepped through the door, and I followed. We walked outside and stopped at the closed gate. “You need help, you just blast me, I’ll scream in pain and come running.” I smiled coldly. “I know how you work,” he muttered, opening the gate and disappearing.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

A cool breeze blew in my direction, and carried within that breeze, was the scent of another vampire. I sniffed the air and leapt onto a rooftop of a building. Down below, about a hundred feet, were a crowd of people. I had no idea why they were out this late, but that’s Los Angeles. Nobody cares who’s out walking and whose not, whose predator, and who’s pray. I inhaled deeply and let out a growl. People below looked around as they felt my eerie presence. I continued to survey the ground below as the crowd thinned out. It wasn’t long for it to clear out. A hooded figure stepped out of the shadows, and my eyes automatically locked on her every movement as she scanned the street. Silently, I jumped to the ground and moved behind her and followed. She led me down an alley, crossing a busy street, and finally to a house. I held back as she stepped to the door and opened it. She froze and turned around slowly, very slowly as she realized she wasn’t alone. Before she could see me, I slipped further into the shadows. She stood there for a minute or two, and then she turned back around and went inside. In a blur, I slipped inside and passed her. She froze and looked around. Her fear was increasing by the second. It tasted like acid in my mouth. She sighed and closed the door. She yanked off her hood and growled. I smiled as she passed where I was hiding and down the hall. I followed her into a room. The bedroom was blue with a twin size bed and a nightstand, and the walls were covered with posters. I mentally let the door close and she spun around as the lock clicked into place. She gasped and fell onto the bed, her pitch black eyes spinning wildly. I watched her intently as she pulled her phone out and texted someone. She slowly put the phone back in her pocket and cringed, backing up as I slowly moved toward her. When she couldn’t go any farther, she whimpered. She gulped and breathed in and out slowly. I stopped once the bed prevented me from going any closer. “I know you,” she gasped.
“I’m not surprise to hear that,” I whispered.
“Please,” she whimpered. “Don’t kill me.”
“Now why would I do such a thing?” I hissed.
“I…” She screamed as I grabbed her leg and pulled her off the bed. She kicked herself free and in a blur, got to her feet and flashed to the door. She tried to open it, but I mentally held the door firmly shut. “Please, you have to hear me out,” she pleaded.
“You know how many times I’ve heard that?”
“No, I know, but you have to listen.”
“Why?”
“I’m not with them anymore.”
“I’ve heard that a million times as well,” I growled and let go of my mental hold, allowing her to open the door. Once the door was opened, she made a run for it. I was on her every move. She threw the front door opened and ran out into the night.
The wind whipped against my face as I chased her down the streets. She leapt onto the rooftop, jumping on one after another. She drop to the ground and made her way into an opened field. I snarled and leapt into the air. I knocked her forward and in the next second, I was on her, pinning her to the ground. She screamed as I penetrated her mind. She slammed down on her thoughts, breaking my hold on her. “You doing that, means you’re hiding something,” I hissed. I slipped into her mind again and broke down her shield with a little effort, and she shrieked.
“Tristan, stop.” I froze and my mental hold almost slipped at the sound of that very familiar voice. “Wait.” The air stirred, forcing me to look up. Another vampire stood over us, and this particular one was a vampire I knew too well. “You trust me, don’t you?” I stared at her for a very long time. “Let her go, we can explain.” I blinked as I registered the still screaming vampire under me. “Please? She’s not like the others.” I licked my lips and blew out a sharp breath. “Release her, and I’ll explain. I was there when you took down Dev.” I blinked again. She was? “I was.” I growled and leapt off the one I was holding. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Counting down in my head, I gently let her go. “Thank you,” she breathed.
“Taylor,” I whispered.
“Brother,” she breathed, and in lightning speed, she threw herself at me. I caught her in an embrace. We didn’t let go for a long time. When she pulled herself away, she turned back to the vampire on the ground. “Tristan, this is Loria, Loria, this is my brother, Tristan.”
“You’re related?” she spluttered. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I was afraid you were going to turn me in.”
“Taylor, I would never do that. You know that, and why didn’t you dig around in my head to see the truth?”
“I wasn’t sure I wanted to see all the things you’ve done all these years.”
“Even after you saved me?”
“Yeah, even after I saved you.” I frowned at my sister. What the hell were they talking about? She shook her head. “I’ll tell you later.” She walked over to Loria and helped her up. “Let’s go for a long drive. We have a lot of catching up to do, you and I.” I smiled.
“Indeed, we do,” I said, and pulling out my phone, I texted Avery. My phone wasn’t even back in my pocket when he fired a text back. I laughed softly and texted him our location. A few seconds later, he appeared out of thin air. Loria gave out a small scream, and the hunger within me grew. I took a deep breath and cursed. That was also the wrong move to make. Blood clouded all my senses for a few seconds. My brother’s hand came down on my shoulder, tightening his grip, his fingers dug painfully in me, clearing my head. When I could think again, I saw him gripping Taylor tightly on the arm. She closed her eyes and shook her head, and pulled away from him. I blinked as I realize we were surrounded by humans, six of them to be exact. I looked over at Loria who was mouthing sorry over and over again. I returned my attention back to the humans. They were looking at Loria. Without knowing I was doing it, I slipped into their minds. I cursed and pulled out quickly. I reached out and grabbed Taylor, pulling her to me. “Undercover,” I whispered, so low that none of the humans could hear.
“They’re also spies,” she whispered. I automatically slipped back into their minds, and she was right. They were spies for The Desecrators. I watched as she turned to one of the humans. “What are you doing here?” she asked.
“Why are you hanging out with these two?” he asked, gesturing to me and Avery.
“I’m not here to hang with them. I’m here to kill them,” she said sweetly to him.
“Then do it.”
“I will.” She turned back to face me. I stood there, waiting for her to knock me out or something. Instead, she reached in her pocket and slowly pulled… In a split second, she spun around and leapt into the air, lifting the human she was talking with and snapped his neck, dropping his lifeless body to the ground. I grabbed the one next to me and snapped his neck, throwing him away from me. I hissed as I felt a stabbing pain in my back, and it grew as the stake went out the other side. Before I fell to the ground, I grabbed another one and baring my fangs, I ripped his throat open and blood flew in all direction. I screamed as I made impact with the ground. “No, Tristan!” My vision winked in and out of focus, and I was paralyzed by that fucking stake. Blood rained down on me as I lay there, choking on my own blood. The blackness of my conscious was threatening to take me over. As the last human was dispatched in one quick swift move, Loria was standing over me, looking down with terror and concern in her eyes. “Out of the way,” my sister hissed, and the next thing I knew, I was lifted in the air and we were moving, faster than ever. I swear I wanted to die at that moment. What a good place to die, in your sister’s arms, no place better. When we reached the gate, Avery flashed in front of her. “What?” she growled.
“If you hit that gate, the alarm will sound, and it will drop all our asses to the ground,” he hissed. “And trust me. You don’t want to hear it. It hurts like a fucking bitch.”
“Then how the fuck do we fucking get in?” she snarled. Woo, go Taylor.
“Look up,” he said, pointing to the camera. A second later, a beep sounded, and I heard an alarm. It was going off inside. “Looks like help is coming,” he growled and pulled the gate open. She stepped through and looked back at Loria.
“Look at the camera,” she said. She didn’t wait to see or hear if the beep sounded or not. She flashed to the door and it flew open.
“Holy shit,” Trynnadon growled, and he went paler if possible. “Follow me.” I, however, was weakening by the second from trying to stay conscious. I closed my eyes and let him lead the way and let the pain have its way with me. “In here.” I felt Taylor putting me on the bed, with me on my side. I was silently screaming in pain. Maybe I wasn’t, maybe I was screaming for the whole god damn fucking world to hear. “You want me to do it?”
“I’ll do it, you hold him down.” I coughed up blood as I realize what they were going to do. “Quick,” she hissed. I forced my eyes opened, painful as it was, and coughed up more blood as Trynnadon held me down. Oh, someone please kill me. In blinding speed, she grabbed the end of the stake and pulled. I screamed and screamed. She pulled again and someone else was pushing. “Sorry, I’m sorry,” she whimpered. She braced herself and gave one final hard agonizing fucking pull and it was out. Blood, was, everywhere. I gasped and would have fallen to the floor if she didn’t flash over and stop me. Trynnadon got off of me just as the stake came out. “I’m sorry,” she said again. I screamed again and this time, I could hear it echoing off the walls. “I had you silenced,” she whispered. I nodded stiffly.
“How fast do you three heal?” Trynnadon asked. “Faster than the rest of us?” Taylor nodded. “You know, I’m going to bite one of you one of these days.” He huffed. “Unfair, you know.”
“Yeah, but being from this bloodline also has its disadvantages.”
“Tell me about it,” he muttered. The door opened and Jenkins stepped through the doorway. I snarled as the scent of hemoglobin smacked me upside the head. Lucky bastard he was, because I couldn’t fly across the room and rip him to shreds. “The hell took you so long?” Trynnadon growled at him.
“I had to—”
“Shut up and get working.” Jenkins stared at me intently. “He’s in no position to rip your throat out, doc. At this state, he is as still as he can be.” Through all the pain, I managed to bare my fangs at him as he got closer.
“Don’t,” Avery whispered in my ear. He touched my cheek and turned my head to look at him. I hissed, damn that was painful too. “Sorry.” I heard Jenkins cursed and snapping on gloves. In my peripheral vision, I saw Taylor giving him a questioning look.
“Sorry, it's protocol, and besides I’m use to it.” She nodded and slowly took her hands off of me. She came around and stood next to Avery. Jenkins stared at me in amusement. “I never saw so much blood in my life.”
“That’s because no humans can bleed out that much and remain alive,” Trynnadon drawled from his post by the opened door.
“True.”
I heard him going into another room. Avery shook his head and moved out of my sight. I groaned as I turned my head to watch what Jenkins was doing. He came out pulling a cart filled with blood bags and an IV pole. I couldn’t help it. I painfully jerked up and gave an animalistic growl. Two hands shot out and rested on my shoulders. Jenkins continued toward me and stopped at the side of the bed. He lifted me into a sitting position and slowly cut off my shirt, and then he took out a wad of gauze and applied it to the gaping hole in my back and chest. I watched hungrily as he hooked a bag onto the pole and reached down to insert the tube in my inner arm. Avery and Taylor gently laid me back down, their hands still on my shoulders. Jenkins went into another room and came out with a machine of some sort. I had no idea what it was called. It was probably another one of Wesley’s inventions. He opened the top of the machine and started to rip opened bags after bags of blood and dumping it in the machine. Once it was full, he closed it and wheeled it over to the bed. Trynnadon walked over and took the extension cord and plugged it in to the wall. Apparently he already saw how this was done. Jenkins took the big ass tube from another part of the machine and hooked it up, and then he turned to me, the other end of the tube in his hand. He looked at Trynnadon who came over and lifted my head, holding it in an unbreakable hold. Jenkins slowly drew the tube toward me, into my mouth and god help him, down my throat which contracted violently. Trynnadon let me go, and I snapped at Jenkins hand in which he pulled back quickly before my fangs could make contact. He reached over and flipped the switch on the machine which started to pump blood in me. Ah, so that’s how they did it that one time when I was unconscious.
“Trynnadon, this is my sister as you already know. Taylor, this is Trynnadon,” said Avery. He nodded to her.
“You want to come with me, I’ll introduce you to the rest,” he said. She nodded and looked at me.
“I’ll stay with him,” Avery whispered. She nodded again and left the room. I watched as Jenkins quickly wrote something down. It was probably my prognosis for all I knew. “How you doing?” he asked me. I glared at him. He chuckled. “If you can kill me with your look, you’re probably doing remarkably well.” I growled at him which didn’t come out as I wanted it to, because of the damn tube. “Ease up there, no harm done.” He looked down at the gauze covering my wound, and then he slowly peeled it off. It was already healed. Jenkins shifted nervously as Avery lifted me to a sitting position and check the one on my back. “Do me a huge favor and retract your fangs.” I rolled my eyes at him. Me, retracting my fangs? Not likely. Avery sighed and glance to Jenkins. “You’re the doc, so turn off that machine and come over here and remove this,” he said, tugging on the tube. The pain went away almost instantly when blood began to pour into me. I was already healing the second I got staked, but the blood sped up the healing process like lightning, and if Avery didn’t change his mind and leave this tube in me for an hour or so, Jenkins better make a mad run for the door. I watched as the oh-so-brave doctor came over and slowly pulled the tube out. My stomach clenched in protest the moment he shut off the machine. Once the tube was out, I was on him in a flash, knocking him to the blood-coated floor. “Don’t,” Avery snarled, and in a flash his hands were there, forcing my jaw shut and locking it in place. In one quick move, he grabbed for my throat and squeezed, lifting me into the air and throwing me across the room, and mentally holding me against the wall. “Get out. Now.” Jenkins staggered to his feet and out the door. I growled and laughed.
“I give him props for not screaming,” I hissed. “Now, let me go.” I hit the floor as Avery released his mental hold on me.
I slowly got up and walked into the bathroom. I slammed the door shut with a little unnecessary force, causing the doorframe to shake slightly. I glared at myself in the mirror. I wanted to shatter it, but… I held myself in check. I turned to the closet and pulled it open. There were shelves after shelves filled with towels and some weird medical equipment. I pulled out one of the towels and threw it on the toilet. I closed the closet door and removed the rest of my clothes. I stepped into the shower and turned it on. I watched as the pink water swirled down the drain. I heard the door opened and a bag being tossed on top of the towel. The door closed more gently this time. Taking the sweet ass scented soap; I started the lovely task of cleaning myself up. Once I was done, I shut off the water, got out, toweled off, and dressed quickly. I toss the bag into the trashcan and open the door. I carefully made my way around the pool of blood to stand in front of my brother who was standing in the doorway. “Move,” I growled. I really needed to get out of the damn infirmary. He moved out of my way as I flashed passed him. He followed me outside, and we stood there, not saying anything as I hissed and growled at nothing but the empty air.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

LORIA

I paced the small confine room as my stomach churned over and over with fear. The room was like a prison cell, no windows, and dimmed lighting overhead. I looked toward the door. There was no way I was getting out. There was no doorknob to be seen. The walls were grey and the floor was black. One way in and no way out. I grumbled and leaned against the wall. I was brought here after the camera allowed me entrance through the gate. I ran my fingers through my messy blond hair, trying to even it out. My head was still pounding painfully. It felt like it was going to explode any moment. Massive headache, massive. I slowly slid to the floor and pressed my back against the wall, eyeing the door. I stiffened as I felt a strong presence behind it and hearing the key being inserted. It slowly opened and Taylor was standing there, looking down at me. She was tall, same height as her brothers, probably around 6’6 with shoulder length blond hair, and very pale with hunger filled eyes. She was always hungry. I didn’t think I ever seen a hint of red in those black eyes of hers. I slowly stood up and eyed her wearily. She cleared her throat. “Um, follow me.” I followed her out into a hallway. We turn left and up the stairs and through a door. We entered a wide opened space. The door closed behind me and locked itself. I watched as the two outer doors slammed shut. She turned to face me. She sighed. “You’re not cleared of aiding the Desecraters.”
“But—”
“I know, I know,” she said, cutting me off. The door in front of me opened and Tristan came out. “My brother would like to have a word with you,” she said and stepped aside. I winced as his energy washed over me. He was tall, very pale, very muscular, and he showed no emotions, and he had a military haircut, nice. I instinctively backed up against the door behind me as he closed in. He was tensed up and his eyes bored into me. I squirmed and hugged myself tightly. I glanced over at Taylor. She was just standing there, watching the both of us intently. Tristan stopped a foot away from me.
“So,” he said. His voice was low, a little raspy, and airy. I shivered. “Tell me… how you came to be here?”
“I—I came along with Taylor.”
“How long have you been with my sister?”
“We’ve been travelling together for three years,” I whispered. I was not taking any chances of having my voice cracking and then be under even more suspicions.
“And I’m assuming that’s wear your rescue story began, three years ago.” I nodded. “I see…” I blinked as everything went blurry all of a sudden. I tried to move my hand, but I couldn’t. I tried to turn my head away. I couldn’t do that either, then I felt exposed and out of body. What the hell? Why the hell couldn’t I do anything? I tried to take my eyes from Tristan, but couldn’t. “Would you have turn in my sister, if she told you who she really was?”
“I didn’t even think about using that,” said Taylor. “Where have I been all these time?” She sighed and started muttering rapidly under her breath.
Tristan laughed. “No worries, you’re still here.”
“Right,” she said and went back to being silent.
“Would you?” I felt a slight touch in my head, and I realized he was in my mind, able to hear my every thought.
“No, I would never do such a thing.” I winced. I sounded like a fucking robot. I blinked as my vision cleared and I was back in my own body.
“Good, if you said yes, you would be begging me for your life.” I gulped. I couldn’t imagine how painful that would be. I thought the Desecraters were something, but fucking with the Tronis’s? I think I’ll pass on that, thank you very much. “How long have you been with this sacrificing bunch of fuckers?”
“A year.”
“Hmm.”
“Please don’t make me tell you what happen,” I said.
“Give me access to your most private thoughts,” he whispered.
I winced. “Do I have to?”
“You don’t have any choice, do you?”
“But…”
“Is there something you don’t want me to know?”
“Loria, let him in, you’re still hurting from earlier,” said Taylor. “I don’t think you want him to force your mind wide open again. You’ll be unconscious for days, trust me, you don’t want another round of mind blasting at the state you’re in.”
I sighed. “Okay, fine.” I let down my guard slowly. Ugh, I now felt very exposed. I shook my head as the pain suddenly went away. The hell? No wonder they remained a mystery all these centuries. Suddenly, there was a great pressure pressing down on me or my head to be exact. I gasped as the room vanished, only to be replaced with colors and images. Fire… smoke… stakes… pain… fangs… blood… pokers… knives… screams… babies… more blood… Just as quickly as it came on, the images were gone, and I was screaming and trying to break free.
“Loria, snap out of it. You’re not there. You. Are. Not. There. Anymore.” I kept on screaming, and screaming, and screaming, and then I felt a warm sensation creeping over me. A wash of calm crashed into me and I stopped screaming and gasped for air, and I realized that I wasn’t up against the door anymore. I was between Taylor and Tristan, my face pressed against his chest. I pulled my head away.
“Oh my god, I am so fucking embarrassed,” I spluttered. I blinked another tear away. “I’ve ruined your shirt,” I said, blushing. Fuck, talk about pissing yourself to death. “I’m okay,” I said. “Really.” Taylor and Tristan let go of me and stepped away slowly. Taylor came around to stand in front of me. I wiped my tears away and looked up and took a step back. Both of their eyes were filled with hatred. I wouldn’t be surprised if they could kill you just by looking at you. Taylor shook her head and pressed her hands to her temples and closed her eyes. I could feel both of their energy beating against me like massive waves, and I would have ran, if they weren’t holding me in a state of calmness. “Why didn’t anyone else come out when they heard me screaming?” I asked.
“Soundproof walls,” Taylor growled. I nodded. “I’m so sorry, Lori.”
I shook my head. “It’s okay.”
“If I knew what they’ve done to you… I would’ve given them a more painful death,” she snarled, and disappeared in a whirlwind of freezing air.
Tristan put a hand on my shoulder, stopping me. “Don’t worry about her. She’ll be okay,” he said as I was about to go after her. I sighed and relaxed. “She just needs some time alone.”
“Are you going to bite me, like she did?”
“What make you think I would do that?”
“She says no matter where I go. She would be able to find me. I guess she was able to tell that I was in trouble too. Just a couple of hours before you found me; I almost got snatched by one of them.” He growled low in his throat. I shivered. I took a deep breath and continued on. “She killed one of them, the other one ran off.”
“I will.” He sighed. “You’re not going to fight me, are you?” I groaned. The bite hurts like a bitch, and I really didn’t want to experience it again. He inclined his head. “It will hurt for only a minute or so. I think you can handle it.” He smiled evilly and in a blur, I was on the floor and the sharp tips of his fangs were at my throat. I shuddered. He didn’t even bite me yet, and here I am, feeling like I was dying. He licked me, and I jerked involuntarily. He chuckled. I gasped as he pricked the skin, and a trickle of blood came out. He licked the blood away and sighed in pleasure. I blew out a sharp breath and closed my eyes. Bracing myself, I took a deep breath and held it, and then Tristan sank his fangs deep into me. I gasped. A scream was building up inside me. I gritted my teeth as my blood grew hot and hotter. For a second time ever, I felt an electric charge. I squeezed my eyes shut and tried not to scream bloody murder. He finally withdrew his fangs, and I let go all the breath I was holding, and my hand automatically went up to my neck, finding two tiny holes and a drop of blood clinging onto my finger. I moved my hand away and got up. I licked the blood from my finger. In a flash, Tristan was in front of me. He leaned in and licked away the rest of the blood. “Delicious,” he whispered, and moved away from me. He moved to the door that led outside. “Be in the meeting room in half an hour. You know where that is?” I shook my head. “Go through the door,” he said, pointing to the door that led into the main parts of the house. “Go up the stair and it’s the door in front of you. The sign reads safe room or something like that.” I nodded and walked toward the door. Opening it, I stepped inside, closing the door behind me.

Tristan

I was still standing by the door that led outside long after Loria went inside. I sighed and growled. I threw opened the two outer doors and flashed outside, wincing as the sun stabbed me in the eyeballs. I snarled and pulled out my sunglasses, slipping them on. Now, where did my lovely sister gone to? I took in a lung full of fresh air and let it out slowly. Inhaling her scent, I walked through the opened gate. Open, why was the gate open? Hmm, interesting. I glanced back to see Holly running out of breath to close the gate. I shot her the 'I didn’t do it look, and with a great speed, I flew into the sky. A loud thunder sounded, and it almost, almost sent me catapulting out of the sky and plummeting a thousand feet to the ground. I cursed and gritted my teeth. My ears were pounding like a bitch. I gathered myself and continued on. It wasn’t long before I came upon a scene. I dropped closer to the ground and watched my sister and a hooded figure having a snarling match. Get your ass to the ground, she hissed in my head. I’m planning to drag this asshole back and torturing him to death. I landed silently behind the hooded figure. He was too busy to notice anything. His name is Jace. I tapped him on the shoulder. He spun around and froze. God, I wanted to laugh my ass off, but… I didn’t. “Jace, meet my brother,” Taylor said, sweetly, although it took all her efforts not to snarl. “He’s more the… die-where-you-stand type.”
I smiled. “Remove your hood,” I said with a little growl. Oops, I need to work on that, need to play nice first. He fumbled to find the edge of the hood and pulled it off. I narrowed my eyes, and I could feel it heating up. He gulped and stepped back, right into my sister. She snarled and shoved him and I stepped back, watching him stopping his fall before he went head first to the ground. He scrambled to his feet and looked between the two of us. Taylor glared at him. “Let’s take this to a more private… place,” I hissed and in a flash, I grabbed the stunned vampire and my sister and teleported back to where I was earlier, in a wide opened area. Once we were there, Taylor pulled away and stood guard at the door. Too bad the alarm didn’t go off. Otherwise the asshole I threw across the room would have a good escape. Okay, maybe not. “Jace,” I drawled. “It’s nice to see you again.” He winced. “Yes, I have been watching you,” I said, licking my lower lip. “From a distance of course.”
“What do you want?” he said, getting up and moving as far as the room would allow.
I gave him a thoughtful look. “Hmm, I don’t know, Jace… How about you tell me what you are doing here, and don’t you dare lie to me, because I’ll have your head before you can say another word.” I watched as he gulped in air and turn to look anywhere but at me. The door opened and Loria stepped out. She took one look at Jace and smiled. Avery was behind her. He closed the door and walked over to where I was.
“So… it was you that ran off,” Loria said and went over to him. “You did always have a way out of things.”
“So it was you that did all this,” Jace snarled.
“Me? Telling these three?” she said, looking back at Taylor, Avery, and me. “Hardly, I didn’t tell them who you were. I just said that one ran off.”
“Are we having a standoff here?” Trynnadon asked as the door opened and he came out. “I don’t like being left out, you know.” I growled and in a split second, I was beside Jace, pulling him into a tight embrace. “Hey, wait—” I hissed, shutting him up instantly. Loria squeaked and backed away. I snarled as my vision turned red, blood red.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, Loria get yourself over here now,” Avery growled.
“What?”
“He’s blood lusting. Now if you don’t get over here, he’ll drain you dry.” Right, yep, that would be me. I groaned and shoved Jace away from me, perhaps a little too hard, because the whole room was suddenly filled with the scent of blood. I snarled. Think about something else, I told myself, but before I could separate my thinking process, a stabbing pain took over, and I went down on all fours. The air was suddenly very hard to breathe in. I couldn’t hear anything, but the pounding hearts all around. I growled and the pain in my head grew worse. I got up and stalked over to Jace, and his fear was hitting me in waves. He screamed and it took all the efforts in me to not jump him. I hissed and he backed against the wall. I could feel the others standing far behind me, tensed and ready to separate my head from my body. Well, at least that’s what it felt like. I grabbed his shoulders and gripped it hard. He stiffened. I put my fangs to his throat and he screamed, and I swear I could feel my ears bleed.
“Start talking,” I growled. He swallowed hard. “How many of you are here?” I asked, applying a little more pressure on his neck, trying very hard not to break the skin.
“About ten of us,” he choked out.
“Where are the others?”
“San Diego,” he said shakily.
“I thought so.” A wave of energy washed through me, lessening the hunger slightly. I want to talk to him too, Taylor whispered in my head. Let him go. We can hold him for information. I felt my hunger ease up even more and my head clearing. Let him go, she whispered. I closed my eyes, tightening all of my muscles. Without breathing, I straightened up and let him go, backing away from him. I felt a cool breeze as Avery flashed behind me and wrapped me in an unbreakable hold. “You. Are. The. Luckiest. Vampire. Ever.” I growled. “My sister is feeling a little merciful.” I smiled, “but… you won’t be so lucky next time. Count your blessings while it last.” I snarled and broke away from Avery. He cursed and grabbed my arm, stopping me. “Let go,” I hissed. “Or I’ll blast you into smithereens,” I growled. “And Taylor can’t stop me.” He still didn’t let go. I snarled and stared him down, grabbing a hold of his mind, his eyes glazed over. “Let. Me. Go.” I said, very, very slowly. He removed his hand from me and I released him.
“Fuck. You,” he said and disappeared.
I sighed and turned to glare at my sister. “You can have him, for now.” She smiled. “Don’t kill him,” I said very quickly. She cursed. “But, you can give him as much pain as you like, but just don’t kill him, yet.”
“Fine,” she grumbled and flung open the door and stop. “Uh,” She glanced back at me. “I’m not releasing you until you feed.” She flashed over to Jace and grabbed him, dragging him to the door, while he struggled to get free. She jerked him up and flew into the sky. Taking a deep breath, I turned around. Trynnadon and Loria were still here, standing stiffed against the wall, preparing to spring on me if I tried anything stupid. Trynnadon’s eyes darted back and forth from one door to another. He relaxed his posture and walked to the door that led outside. He opened it and with his mind, opened the other door. I followed him outside as six kids walked up and stop at the gate. Putting her hand on the latch, she lifted it up and pulled it open, and Alyssa stepped through, followed by the others.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

“Well.” I sighed. “It’s my favorite sextuplet.”
“We look nothing alike,” said Seth. “Well, except for me and Leo that is.”
I smirked down at him. “If you say so.” My eyes slid down to stare at the side of his throat. He shivered, and I licked my lips.
“What are you looking at?” he asked as his hands went up to block his neck.
“Come on in,” Trynnadon said before I could say anything. We led them inside and into the living room. I sat down on the couch and leaned back, my head hitting the wall. Oh, yeah, not even hard enough to clear my head. I rubbed my eyes and groaned. I shifted as Alyssa sat down beside me. Trynnadon came out of the kitchen holding a bottle. Hmm, what could that be, I wonder. He handed me the hot bottle before sitting down on the other side of me. “Take a swig, you’ll like it.” I twist the top off and gulped the damn thing down. Trynnadon gave me a bemused look and got up. He disappeared into the kitchen and came back out with a second bottle. He handed it to me and took the empty one away. “Drink more slowly this time, would you?” he asked, sitting back down. He looked past me to Alyssa. “So, what brings you here?”
“Wait,” I said, draining the second bottle and setting it on the table. “Let me guess… nothing.”
“Yep, nothing,” said Alyssa.
I smiled. “Figures.” I ran my fingers through her hair and wrapped my hand around the back of her neck. She gasped and made to get up, but I squeezed. “If you move, I will suffocate you.” She gulped. Brianna shot me the 'don’t you dare look. I leaned forward and pulled her chair closer to me. She whimpered and fought to free her wheel. She finally gave up after a minute of struggling. “Good girl, now put your brakes on.” She growled at me and pushed her brakes forward, locking the wheels in place.
“Now what?” she huffed.
“Now you’re going to—”
“Actually, how about you come with me, and we’ll work on your exercise,” Trynnadon interrupted. I snarled at him. Alyssa squealed in pain. I sighed and let go of her neck. Her hand automatically went up to the back of her neck, massaging it. She stood up and ran from the living room. Trynnadon grabbed me and pulled me against him. He wrapped his hands around my neck and squeezed. “Don’t,” he hissed. “You’re going to drain her. She is delicious, very… delicious. I know you’ve tasted Peyton, and you didn’t drain her, because your brain was in rescue mode.” He loosened his grip. “And you would’ve drained her at the airport if your brother didn’t pry your jaw from her.” I ground out a curse and pushed away from him. I unlocked Brianna’s brakes and pushed her away. I got up and stared at Trynnadon. I was trying very hard not to rip his head off. “Sorry, I have to make my point,” he muttered.
I glared at him. “If you have been any other vampire, I would’ve drained you instead,” I growled. He visibly shuddered. I smiled. “It would be a painful death,” I whispered, and flashed outside.
Once outside, I let out an animalistic growl, my energy going haywire. The wind picked up and hit the house with the force of a small earthquake. I could hear screams from inside. I took a deep breath and force myself to calm down before I blew out a window or sent someone flying through the air. The wind around me slowed into a gentle breeze, radiating off of me. Pressing my fingers against my temples, I slowly made my way to the gate. Gabriella eyed me wearily. I stopped in front of her. My eyes automatically went to her throat. She gulped and her hand went up as if to protect her neck from my longing stare. “Open the gate,” I said, baring my fangs at her. She cringed and fumbled for the latch behind her. She didn’t dare to turn her back on me. Smart of her, because I was going to jump her if she didn’t get this stupid gate open in ten seconds. I narrowed my eyes at her hand which was over her pulse, and I took a step closer, and her fear grew the closer I got. “Open. The. Fucking. Gate,” I hissed. I pressed my fingers harder against my temples, trying to clear my head from seeing red. Gabriella spun around and I lost it. I snarled and my hand shot out and grabbed a hold of her shirt, pulling her back. She screamed loud and long. I spun her back around to face me, and I pinned her arms to her side, preventing her from reaching into her pocket and pulling out a stun gun. Her screams grew louder and more desperate. Oh, shit. I could hear Trynnadon and Loria coming out. I bent down to the frantic pulse and inhaled. I growled and sank my fangs deep in her neck, drinking greedily. I snarled and aimed a mental blow to whoever was trying to pry me off. I heard Trynnadon hissed, but he didn’t approach me again. I growled and continued to pull the sweet blood down my throat. I closed my eyes and with a hell of an effort, I withdrew my fangs and licked the wound shut. I let Trynnadon pull me away. Gabriella slumped against the still closed gate, trembling slightly. With an effort, she straightened up and finally opened the gate. She looked at Trynnadon.
“That was my fault,” she said weakly. “I turned around too fast.” Trynnadon nodded and let me go. I was through the gate in a heartbeat. I ran down the streets and leapt onto a rooftop and then the full weight of bloodlust hit me, hard. I went down on all fours, panting, hissing, growling, and snarling at no one. Damn it Taylor. I’m so going to get her for this, for not keeping her word, but then again, she couldn’t hold my hunger at bay for long. I groaned and slowly got up. I scanned the streets below me, luckily no humans were out and about, or none would’ve been alive to see another day, but there was a vampire with me.
“You followed me,” I hissed. Turning around, I flashed across the rooftop and pulled Loria up from her crouch. I pushed her toward the edge of the roof. “Leave,” I snarled. She gave me a terrified look and jumped down, disappearing into the shadows. I don’t know how long I stood there, but the first drop of rain hit me, snapping me back to reality. I growled and jumped down, silently hitting the pavement below. The rain was coming down fast. I went around to the front of the building and peered inside. It was an ice cream shop. A young teen was at the register. No customers were inside. I slowly went to the door, trying very hard not to bust the door down and take him right then and there, with the eyes of the cameras all over the place. I stiffly opened the door, dimly registering the ding as it opened. Walking over to the cash register, I pretended to look over the ice cream choices on display.
“Can I help you?” he asked. I turned and stared at him. He gasped and his hand reached for the phone. “What do you want?” I didn’t answer. I walked the length of the counter and went around. His finger was on the 9 button. I reached out and took the phone from his limp hand and hung it back up. He reached under the counter for the knife, but froze as my hand connected with his. I hit the button that would shut off all the cameras, and then I bared my fangs. He screamed and jerked away from me, taking the knife with him. I laughed darkly and launched myself on the human, knocking the knife out of his hand. He screamed and struggled under me. I put my fangs to his throat, enjoying the fear radiating off him.
“I. Want. Blood,” I whispered. “That is what I want.” I buried my fangs in him and drank deeply. A minute or so went by before the human went limp under me, but I couldn’t stop. I felt a shift in the air and then a hand on my shoulder.
“Stop,” Taylor whispered in my ear. I growled at her. She laughed and pushed me off of him, my fangs tore at his neck. I snarled, but I couldn’t move. Taylor leaned down and licked at the wound. I didn’t miss the fact that she took a mouthful of blood herself. She sighed and moved to pick up the knife and put it back under the counter. She walked over to me and pulled me up. “If I release you, will you go for the human again?” I hissed. She smiled but released me anyways. She also kept a tight hold on my arm. She frowned at the blinking red light below the button that I hit for the cameras. She pressed it and it turned green. “Let’s go.” She practically pulled me out the door. I growled and dug my fingers into the back of my neck.
“Teleport,” I hissed. She nodded and everything faded to black. We ended up in a crappy ass neighborhood. In the far distance, a group of gangbangers were shooting up and having a hell of a good time, unaware of the danger lurking in the night. I did a headcount. There were five of them. One female was among them. Taylor pointed toward the group.
“Let’s have some more fun, brother.” Silently, we flew up into the sky and swooped down behind them. I snatched the girl and lifted her into the air with me. She didn’t have a chance to scream a warning before I silenced her with a sharp mental command. She clawed at me, silently screaming, her eyes wide with fear. The other four on the ground were oblivious to what was going on. None of them knew the girl was missing. Taylor was hovering beside me. We were a hundred feet or so above the ground. She stroked the drugged up girl’s cheek. “We’re going to have a little fun,” she whispered.
I smiled, showing her my fangs. “Let’s see what you and your little group’s plans are for tonight,” I whispered. She stared back at me, frozen in horror as she realized how much trouble she was in. I nuzzled her neck and she mentally shrieked. “Are you the leader of this gang?” I asked. “Answer truthfully, and I’ll let you rejoin them.” Her thoughts went wild. I chuckled, licking her neck. “I have very little patience left, sweetheart… Tell me… what is your plan?” The leader is mine, Taylor hissed in my head. Fine, I snarled back at her. “So?” I whispered. Her thoughts were still scattered all over the place. Not only that. The drugs were making it even harder for her to process individual thoughts. “How about this, tell me who the leader is.” A name popped into her mind then quickly disappeared. “Which one is Thomas?” She jerked in my arms. I held her tighter. “Tell me,” I breathed. She shrieked as she felt my breath on her neck. An image of a short chubby dude with dirty brown hair popped into her head, and there was only one short dude in that group. I pulled away from the girl and watched as Taylor flew down behind him. He was the one doing all the talking, if we took this one, the rest would surely know, high on drugs or not. I looked back at the girl and stared into her eyes, taking a hold of her mind, her eyes went unfocused. “No more struggling,” I whispered. She went limp in my arms. “You are going to act normal when we touch down on the ground. When they ask where you were, you are going to tell them you went to take a piss. You are going to shoot up like you were doing before. You are going to convince Thomas to take a walk with you. Bring. Him. To. Me. Do I make myself clear, Clorice?” Yes, she breathed. “Good girl, I’ll be waiting by the oak tree in front.” I saw Taylor moving to the front yard as I descended to the ground, several yards from the group. “If you fail, you die,” I hissed in her ear. I won’t fail you. “Go,” I whispered, and I reluctantly let her go. I went around to the front yard and met up with Taylor who was leaning casually against the tree.
“Don’t forget, the leader is mine,” she said.
I nodded. “I haven’t forgotten a thing,” I muttered.
“Can you believe how much they are shooting up? I’m surprise none of them overdosed yet.” I sighed. “Prepare for some bitter ass blood,” she grumbled. I groaned. “Yeah, I feel the same way, but you need to get that lust of yours taken care of. Have you notice I am easing your hunger again?” I frowned. “Guess not. You know Tristan I always wonder. You know, all these years we were looking for each other? I wonder how you manage to have your bloodlust under control. So, how do you do it?”
“Avery,” I hissed.
“Really?”
“He was only able to keep me in check, because I let him. He also hit me with agonizing pain and dragged my ass into a windowless stone walled room and locked my ass in there while he brought humans to me and supervised my feeding.”
“He watched you feed without ripping the human from you and take over?”
I shook my head. “He hunts for himself first.”
She nodded. “What about before you found him? What you do then?”
I laughed. “You really need to ask?”
“Er, okay, never mind. You went on a rampage.”
“Yes, it was good times, and I still do go on a rampage every now and then.” She nodded and straightened. I tilted my head toward the sound of footsteps. “Looks like she didn’t fail me after all.” I laughed in amusement as Clorice walked toward us, Thomas following behind. She stopped in front of me. I grabbed her just as Taylor snatched Thomas before he made a run for it. “Well, well, well, you followed my directions very well,” I said to Clorice. I lifted the compulsion and watched as her eyes came back to focus. Well, as much as the drug in her system would allow. She was about to scream, but I bared my fangs and snarled. “If you scream, you’ll be the first to die.”
“Let’s round up the rest, shall we?” Taylor asked. I nodded and made my way back to the rest of the group, Clorice held tightly in my arms.
“Everyone, stop,” I growled. They all went very still. “Drop your needles. Drop your little baggies. Drop your pipes. Drop your little spoons, and don’t reach for anything, if you do…” I put the tips of my fangs to Chlorice’s throat. She whimpered. I lifted my head and bared my fangs at the group. “I’ll rip her throat out.” All colors drained from their faces, and they dropped whatever they were holding. “Now, inside, all of you or your leader dies.” They quickly stood up and stumbled to the door. Opening it, they all stepped inside with me and Taylor following behind them. Taylor closed the door and locked it. “So,” I nodded to Taylor. "Release his vocal cord. I have… a few questions for him.”
She nodded. “Go for it,” she said, trailing her fingers through his hair.
“What is your plan for the night?” I asked, moving closer to him.
“We don’t have any plans for tonight,” he stuttered.
“Hmm, really?” I sighed. “Maybe this will change your mind.” I grabbed a fistful of Chlorice’s hair and jerked her head back, baring her throat. I bent down and punctured her neck, taking in a mouthful. She gave a bloodcurdling scream, and I withdrew my fangs. I let the blood slowly make its way to her collarbone. The rest of the group screamed along with her.
“We were going to do a drive-by shooting,” he said very quickly.
I laughed. “Was that so hard to get out?” I licked the blood from Chlorice’s neck and closed the bite wound. “I don’t know. What should we do with you lowlife fuckers who have no life to speak of in the first place?” I sighed. “In my opinion, all of you deserve to die… How does that sound?” Clorice whimpered and tried to get free. “Or,” I slipped into Thomas’s mind and flipped through his thoughts. Shooting up… robbing banks… breaking and entering… and… Oh what do we have here? I dug deeper into his mind, the part where secrets are stored. I hissed as blood, lots and lots of blood came into focus. They did some killing of their own. Oh, boy. I kept on digging, taking in every single most private thought in his mind. I pulled out a few seconds later. “You’ve been busy,” I drawled. “Very, very busy.” I smiled a knowing smile at Thomas. “Do you ever wonder what it’s like for your victims when they’re taking their final breath?”
“No,” Thomas gasped.
“Taylor, kill Him,” I whispered. I stiffened and held my breath as she lunged for his throat. Clorice and the rest screamed along with Thomas. It felt like my skull was going to split in two at any second. Clorice kicked, punched, and clawed at me. I threw her to the floor and pinned her. It felt like eternity, but the screams subsided, a little. They were shouting profanities. Taylor gave me a questioning look, and I nodded. She smiled and snatched another one. Your turn, she whispered in my head. No gagging now. I nodded and looked at Clorice who was still trying her hardest to get free. “Relax,” I whispered. Ignoring all the shouting around me, I hissed and struck. Her screams died as I hit her windpipe. As I fed, they started to throw things at me. Ouch, wincing, I drank deeper and faster. Hurting me only made me thirstier than I already was. How unfortunate for them. They couldn’t even give me a damn break. Draining the last drop, I withdrew my fangs and flashed to my feet, dodging the damn chairs, tables, lamps, picture frames, and knives. I caught one of the knives and quick as lightning, I stabbed another one in the stomach. Blood went in all direction. I dodged the blood splatters. I dropped the knife and grabbed another human. I snarled and buried my fangs in him, drinking deeply. In my peripheral vision, I saw Taylor letting go of the one she was still holding and going for the one I stabbed. I growled and pushed the lifeless body across the room. There was one more, and that one made a run for it.
“He went outside,” Taylor hissed. I ran after her as she sped across the yard and tackled the last one to the ground. “Share?” she asked. I sat down and grabbed his wrist. For the fifth time, I buried my fangs in his wrist. I groaned as the last drop was drained. I withdrew and stood up. Taylor got up, carrying the body. We made our way back into the house. She tossed it across the room in disgust. We stepped back outside and stared at the house for a while. “Torch it?” she asked. I nodded and taking a deep breath, I summoned my energy. I watched my hands as the fire grew bigger and bigger. In one quick move, Taylor and I threw fireballs at the house until the windows were blown out. Throwing one last fireball, we spun around and ran as the roof caved in. “Hell, I hope the whole place collapse before the LAFD gets called in.” I nodded. “Hey, I’m gonna release you, and don’t you dare attack me.”
I laughed. “Honestly, I think I will be fine.”
“You better be,” she muttered. I stiffened as my own hunger washed over me. It was being friendly to me. I relaxed a bit. “You good?” I nodded. “Cool, because I was ready to lift a tree and crushed your ass with it.”
“What kind of a sister are you?”
“An evil one, thank you very much. I think I got my evilness from you, and I got my soft side from—” She stopped abruptly. “Evelyn,” we both whispered in unison. I winced. God. That anguished feeling was never going to go away. I clenched my jaw and breathed in and out, very, very, very slowly. Taylor moaned beside me, and she growled low and fierce. I gulped and inhaled the fresh clean air to clear my head before I broke down and cry like a baby. Okay, not really, but I had to get that huge lump out of my throat before real tears came out. Beside me, Taylor snarled in frustration. “Aiden is going to fucking pay,” she growled and threw the gate open. “Big time.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

Avery was frowning at us when we entered the holding cell. Jace was pacing back and forth; dry blood was on his clothes and all over the floor. “No scars?” I asked. “I’m very disappointed.”
“Heals fast,” Avery muttered. “But.” In one swift move, Jace hit the floor and screamed. “Happy now?” he asked.
I smiled. “Yes, a little.” Avery released Jace and sighed. I moved to Jace and pulled him up. “You’re still intact.”
“What the hell did I fucking do?” I pushed him away and he hit the wall, unconscious. Avery was staring at me, blinking.
“Don’t say it. Once in a lifetime thing,” I said, moving to the door and leaning on it.
“The only time your eyes glow red is when you go on a rampage.” He gave a knowing look. “You and Taylor?” He laughed. “While you guys are out having fun, I’m stuck here with this pathetic jackass,” he kicked Jace. “At least I got to torture the hell out of him.”
I glanced at Taylor. “How did you know where I was?” I frowned. “Wait, don’t answer that.” I straightened and opened the door and looked around. “Loria!” I shouted. The door flew opened and she stood there, waiting. “Come join us.” She looked past me and into the room. She nodded and stepped out. I moved out of her way as she stepped through and closed the door. She glanced at the corner where Jace was, still unconscious. “He won’t wake anytime soon.” Taylor came to stand between me and Loria.
I frowned at her. “I’m not going to kill her.”
“Even if she does something very stupid?” Taylor asked. “Like turning me in, in exchange for her life?” I held back a fierce snarl, and by god was that the hardest thing to do. She sighed and put a hand on my upper arm and squeezed. “Don’t worry about me.” She glanced over at Avery. “Both of you stop worrying about me. I will be fine.”
“Fine, if you’re wrong, I’ll turn this whole state and any other states we happened to land on into Deathville,” Avery growled.
“I’ll also have your ass when we find you,” I hissed.
“Okay fine, deal, but promise me you won’t kill Loria no matter what.” She stared pleadingly at me. I bit my tongue from spilling a whole lot of curse words. “Please, Tristan, I’m begging you. She’s like the only friend I have in a long time.” Her fingers dug painfully into my arm. “Please?” she groaned. “Pretty, pretty, please?” she said desperately when I still didn’t answer her. “For… me?”
I squeezed my eyes shut as old memories threatened to force itself to the forefront of my mind. “Fine,” I snarled. “I promise,” I said as the other part of my brain screamed in protest.
She pulled me into her and hugged me, shocking the living hell out of me. “Thank you,” she breathed.
“Just keep in mind that we’ll raise hell and rain chaos if anything happens to you,” I warned her. She nodded and let me go. Loria let out a sigh of huge relief. I narrowed my eyes at her. “Don’t get any ideas,” I hissed at her. She nodded and backed away from me, her back pressing against the wall. I cursed and spun around. I stalked over to Jace and pushed into his mind, twisting it like a visor. He was about to wake up to a huge ass migraine. Wake up! I mentally shouted in his fuzzy head. Creating a mental chokehold, I picked him up and slammed him against the wall. His eyes popped open and he screamed, struggling against an invisible force. I eased up on the pain and waited as he gasped for air. I closed in on him. I pulled the knife that was buried in the wall and put it to his throat. He swallowed hard, his eyes focused on my hand. “Here’s the deal, you answer all of my questions, and I’ll bring down some blood for you. You lie to me, you hesitate, you don’t say anything,” I pressed the knife deeper. “I. Will. Kill. You. Is that clear?”
He snarled, baring his fangs. “Let. Me. Go,” he growled. Simultaneously, Avery, Loria, and Taylor flashed to the door. I released him and stepped back. He crumbled to the floor and stared up at me with those pitch black eyes. “You have to understand. I can’t tell you anything,” he said very quickly.
“Why is that?”
Jace rubbed his fingers on the floor, flakes of dry blood clung to his fingers. “They’ll kill me.”
“Who are they?” He stiffened and shook his head. I flipped the knife over and over in my hands. In one swift motion, the knife flew in an arc, stabbing Jace in the chest. He screamed and quickly pulled the knife out. Another fresh blood hit the floor. I reached down and snatched the knife from him. “Tell me.”
“I think you might know him,” he gasped.
“Oh?” He nodded. “Are you going to tell me, or do I have to force it out of you?”
“I’ll tell you,” he quickly said. “If I tell you will you let me go?”
“Are we negotiating here?”
“Please, I beg you.”
“Give me one good reason why I should let you go,” I said, knowing very well he didn’t have a good one in mind. “Give me a name. Now.”
“I’ll give you the name for my release.”
“Oh, no.” I bent down and roughly pulled him to his feet. I pinned him against the wall. He struggled and somehow sank his fangs in me. I froze when I tasted metal in my mouth. Oh, fuck! The whole room went very still. I gritted my teeth and listened to every single thought in the room. I hissed and slipped further into Jace’s mind. I quickly pulled back out when I got the name he was so trying to keep hidden. “Enough!” I snarled. He withdrew his fangs and stared at me in surprise. I groaned as nausea washed through me. Oh, no throwing up now. Avery and Taylor were all of a sudden behind me. I held my breath, trying to lessen the queasy feeling and swallowing hard to keep the blood down. Avery smiled at Jace who was still staring at me.
“You just fucked up big time. You have no idea what you’ve just done.” He blinked. “Have you heard of us?” Jace nodded. “Hmm, I guess your leader didn’t tell you what happens when you inject one of us with venom. What a pity.” I let go of Jace and flashed to the door. Loria squeaked in alarm and watched me wearily. I doubled over as another wave of nausea rolled through me. I dropped the knife and straightened, taking deep steady breath of dry, stuffy, unclean air. I could feel Taylor and Avery watching me closely. I leapt back as the door flew opened and Trynnadon stood there in the doorway.
“Oh, great,” Trynnadon groaned. “I’ll lock this cell up. He’s going nowhere.” He grabbed me and pulled me through the door with Avery, Taylor, and Loria right behind me. The heavy door slammed shut and all the locks slid in place. Still holding on to me, he led me inside and to a sink. “Wash the blood off your hands,” he said to me and Avery. I quickly washed the blood off and no sooner after the water was off. I was dragged into the isolation room. “Anybody staying in with him?” he asked.
“Taylor and I will,” said Avery. Trynnadon nodded and pushed me inside. I hit the floor hard. I hissed and sat up.
“Please, try not to spill any blood,” Trynnadon said and shut the door. I looked up at Taylor who was tensed up and ready to spring herself on me. Her eyes bored into mine. My stomach was still battling it out violently. I rubbed my eyes and inhaled the air. For the first time, I noticed that the room was a little cooler than the rest of the house. I slowly stood up and the other two in the room with me stiffened, the air crackled as the two energies collided with each other. I stiffened as the air grew hot around me, my eyes heating up as my vision gradually changed into red, and my thoughts scattered crazily. All I could think about. Was blood.

TAYLOR

I gritted my teeth as I stared into the eyes burning with thirst, his mind focused on one thing. I held my breath as he growled, and I gasped as energy hit me. It wrapped around me, squeezing the breath out of me. I dodged out of his way as he made a grab for me. I let my energy go and it crashed into him. He gasped in pain and fell when Avery hit him with another blow. He snarled and in blinding speed he was up. Before I could hit him with another one, he had me in a painful hold. It felt like my head was going to explode. I screamed as it got worse. I threw myself at him, the impact giving me only a window of a second to wrap my hands around his neck. He screamed as pain took over. I got off of him as I continued to hold him in a painful body-lock. It was growing harder and harder to hold as he fought to free himself. Across the room, Avery was slowly making his way over to where I was. I watched as Tristan choked and convulsed as the air went out of him. “Damn,” said Avery. “I’m so thankful you are here. I think I’d be unconscious for days when he’s finished with me.”
“No problem,” I panted. “So, how are we going to get out of here?” I asked.
“Call Trynnadon?”
“I don’t have my phone with me, and I’m not going to mentally call him.”
He shrugged. “I don’t, and I won’t either.” We both stared at Tristan. “What about you?” He walked over to Tristan and knelt down, shoving his hand in his pocket, pulling out a phone. “Ah, looks like you do.” Tristan snapped violently at him. “Oh, none of that now. Ease up on the pain,” he said to me. “Don’t let go of him though.” Still holding him in a tight hold, I gradually eased up on the pain. Avery nodded, and Tristan gasped as air was returned to him. He snarled at both of us. “Tristan?” Avery stood up and walked to the door. “If you can hear me, Taylor, you, and I are going for a walk.” Tristan hissed and spat a mouthful of venom toward him, and he dodged before it could hit him. “I prefer saliva over venom, venom burns.” Tristan laughed and I shuddered. He swallowed hard and spat saliva mixed with venom at him again, but Avery wasn’t fooled. He once again, dodged it. Tristan smiled. “I’m trying to talk sense into your clouded head here.”
“Not going to work,” I said.
”Thanks,” Avery muttered. “I was hoping you wouldn’t say that.”
“You’re welcome.” Avery flipped opened the phone and scrolled through the numbers. I went over to stand by the door. I could hear the other end as Trynnadon answered. “Come and let us out,” Avery said into the phone and hung up. I started to panic as Tristan slowly got to his feet. Avery laughed. “Don’t worry, I got him. I can use a little help though. Can you hold him and lessen his hunger at the same time?” I frowned and slipped into Tristan’s mind. I winced as a barrage of growls and snarls hit me. I willed his mind into thinking he was a little thirsty and held it. I slipped back out to find Tristan blinking rapidly.
“It’s done. I don’t know how long I can hold it.” Avery and I stepped away from the door as Trynnadon slowly opened it.
“He doesn’t look well fed to me,” said Trynnadon. “I thought one of you was going to feed him.” He frowned. “Never mind.” He moved away for us to pass him. “Going out?” I nodded. He laughed. “Good luck.”

LORIA

I shivered as Tristan locked eyes with me. I held my breath as they walked toward me. Oh, yeah, duh, I was blocking the doorway. I moved away and the door flew open. I waited a minute or so longer and followed. It didn’t take me long to pick up their trail. I ran after them as they roof topped all over the place. I had no idea where they were going. Muttering to myself, I ran faster. They were fast as hell. From a distance, I watched as they stopped in front of an abandon building. What are you doing? I nearly screamed out loud as Tristan snarled in my head. Nothing, I silently said to him. Damn it, I was hoping I wouldn’t be seen, too late for that. I winced. I could still hear Tristan snarling in my head. I gasped as something hit me. I held on to a nearby tree as he threatened to jerk me forward. He laughed and I shivered. The next thing I knew, I was no longer in control of my own body. Shit, shit, shit. I was propelled up into the air and straight at them. Taylor and Avery already had their eyes on me. I landed on the ground hard. Before I could say anything, cold hands wrapped around my neck from behind. I whimpered. Taylor shot a fearful glance behind me. “Why are you following us?” she asked me. Tristan let go of me a moment later. Taylor probably begged him to. I couldn’t tell, because they were all shielding their thoughts from me. “I was just curious,” I said. “I always was like that.” Taylor looked thoughtful. “I uh… I’m kind of fascinated by watching you,” I said, feeling embarrassed. Tristan laughed, making my spine tingled.
“You can get yourself killed that way,” he whispered. All of a sudden the tingling sensation grew. Taylor and Avery’s eyes widened. I gulped as I realized I couldn’t move.
“Tristan, what are you doing?” Taylor asked.
“Don’t worry, I won’t kill her.”
“Tristan, please let us go.” I stiffened as Tristan’s hands came down on my shoulders. He spun me around and I whimpered. I looked down at the ground. I didn’t dare to look him in the eye. Taylor gasped, and I immediately turned my head to look at her. She was staring at Tristan. “Are you serious?” she spluttered. “Oh hell,” she groaned. I frowned at her. She didn’t answer.
“Believe me, it was very difficult,” Tristan hissed. “Tell her.”
“What?” I asked.
“He feeds on vampires too,” Taylor said to me. I squeaked and moved away from him. “Why didn’t you tell me you bit her?” he asked him. Gasping for air and fighting the tingling sensation that was growing by the second, I ran, faster than ever. Houses and trees were all a blur as I attempted to get away. They were all still on me. Fuck, I was never going to outrun them. As I ran, I realized they were waiting for me to stop. Well, Avery and Taylor was just after me to make sure that Tristan didn’t kill me. I was surprised he didn’t stop me. I didn’t pay attention to where I was running. I just kept on running. In my head, I could hear Tristan softly laughing. I looked down and realized that we were on a bridge. Sensing them closing in, I flipped into the water below. I hit it with a splash. I swam deeper underwater. I didn’t know how deep I went until I heard two splashes from above. Hmm, one of them didn’t jump in, I wondered why as I swam several more feet below. Oh, Loria, you are making this even more fun for me. I blew out a breath, and a bubble of water went in all directions. I backed up as both Taylor and Tristan came toward me. I didn’t get far before Tristan grabbed my ankle and held on with a steel grip. I struggled to free myself. In a blur, he was on me. I gasped and water poured into my mouth, and then we were swimming upward. Actually, I was just floating in Tristan’s arms. When we broke the surface, I pushed against him. It was kind of hard to fight underwater. He held on to me even tighter. I squealed in pain. He jumped up, and we were back on the bridge in seconds. Taylor just stared at me in amusement. “That was fun. Thanks for the swim Loria. I owe you one,” she said, and then she laughed. I looked around and found Avery leaning against the railing, smiling at me.
“What?” I asked him. I screamed as Tristan punctured the side of my neck. He slowly licked the blood away. I kept my mouth shut as he continued to draw blood from me.
“You? Jumping into the water?” Avery shook his head. “I think you just amped up Tristan’s choices of fun.”
“Great,” I muttered. “How come you didn’t jump in?”
“Because I have things that aren’t waterproof.” Tristan growled, and I shivered.
“Are you two done talking?” he asked.
“No,” I said as Avery said yes. Avery pushed away from the railing and came over to us. Tristan’s fangs were still on my neck, and I jerked my head away. He sighed.
“I promise not to hurt you,” he said tightly. I could tell he wanted to do just the opposite. His hand came up to the side of my head and forced it back to meet his fangs. “I swear.” I winced as his breath played across my neck. Taylor touched my arm.
“He really means it,” she said to me.
“Okay, fine,” I said, relaxing in his arms.
Tristan coughed. “You’re boring,” he whispered.
“I know.” We stood there in silence for a minute or so. I think Tristan was deciding if he should change his mind or not. He sighed and sank his fangs in my neck. I winced as I felt the stinging pain. The pain only lasted for a few seconds. It was strange getting bitten without actually fighting for your life. My thoughts as clear as day, I could hear the sucking, and the pulling, and the swallowing. I could also feel his fangs buried in my neck and his tongue lapping up the blood. Before long, I started to feel thirsty myself. I was going to tell him to stop, but he stopped sucking. He growled and withdrew his fangs. He let me go and shoved me away. I fell against Taylor. Her arms came around me before I could fall into the water. She licked the blood away and closed the wound. Tristan snarled and took several steps back.
“Give me my phone,” he hissed at Avery. Avery nodded and threw the phone at him. Tristan caught it and disappeared into thin air. I pulled away from Taylor. She leaned into me.
“Have you been doing some spying?”
“What?” I took a step back from her.
She smiled. “You need to keep a tighter lid on your thoughts.”
“Oh,” I said and slammed down on my thoughts. Taylor snarled and would have fallen if she didn’t catch the railing. “Sorry sorry,” I said quickly.
“That’s okay,” she said, straightening. “Come on let’s go find some unlucky person for you to snack on.” She looked at Avery.
“Go on, maybe I’ll join you after I find Tristan to make sure he didn’t pillage downtown.” Taylor and I nodded and watched as Avery sniffed the air and disappeared into the shadows.


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

TRISTAN

The moment I found myself in a crowded part of downtown, I was hit with the full force of my restrained hunger. Thinking fast, I slipped into the shadows and jumped onto the roof of some type of shop that sold stuff toys and other junk that I didn’t care about. I walked over to a covered hole in the roof and peered inside. An air vent, I laughed. I so was not going to fit in there. No way in hell. I walked to the other side and jumped to the ground. Moving in a blur, I slipped inside another store just as the door was about to close. I made my way to the back of the store. Trying so hard not to smell or taste the scent of blood from every single human, I slipped into an office, going directly for the cameras. I punched a few numbers on the monitor and a red light flashed. Someone came in just as I turned around. He stared at me in shock. His eyes flickered to the red light flashing on the monitor and cursed. He shifted slightly and glanced across the room to another monitor, the one I still haven’t deactivate. “Don’t,” I hissed. He flinched and backed toward the opened door. “Do me a favor. Go to the front and lock the doors.” Before he could say anything, the phone in my hand vibrated. I flipped it open. It was a frantic text from Avery telling me to stop. A little late for that, I shot back at him. In my head, I heard him growled in frustration. I flipped the phone shut and set it on the desk. The water from my clothes was still dripping steadily to the floor. I glared at the manager. He took another step back. “Do as I say.” He shook his head, his eyes widened in fear. I held back a growl, if I hadn’t fed on Loria before coming here, this manager? Wouldn’t be standing here testing my self-control. “Look at me.” His eyes reluctantly turned from the monitor to meet mine. He cringed and made it halfway out the door before I let my compulsion wash over him. Gazing into his eyes, I watched as it went out of focus. “Go. And lock. The front. Door.” He nodded and left. I turned around and went to the other monitor and deactivate that one as well. A breeze behind me told me that my god damn brother was there. “I appreciate you trying to stop me, but I’m extremely hungry,” I grumbled. He laughed and dug his fingers painfully in my arm, clearing my head a little more.
“I’m not stopping you. I’m just here to make sure you don’t leave bodies lying around.” I pulled my arm away and went to the door as the manager stopped in the doorway.
“Did you do it?” I asked him. He nodded. “Good. Now walk over to your desk and open the first drawer.” He went over and pulled it open. “Take out your pistol.” He reached in and pulled out the gun. “Now I—”
“Oh shit Tristan. Please don’t do it. Please,” Avery said, pleadingly. I growled. “Don’t,” he groaned. “Please don’t do it.” He snatched my phone from the desk and rapidly texted someone. I had a good guess on who he was texting, but I didn't call him out on it. “Tristan. Just put him to sleep. Don’t make him shoot himself in the leg. I can’t focus when he’s bleeding all over the place, and besides, you are about to lose it.” I winced as he painfully gripped the back of my neck. I closed my eyes and exhaled sharply.
“Take the gun and shoot yourself in the leg,” I whispered. Avery stiffened and held very still. I opened my eyes and watched as the gun turned inward. A bright flash and a pop filled the room. He went down screaming, blood started to pool on the floor. I lifted the compulsion and his scream grew frantic. I was out of the office in a blinding speed, the door slamming shut as I went to the front of the store. Customers scrambled out of our way as Avery and I appeared in the middle of the crowd. I looked out the door and saw Taylor standing right outside. She glared at me and the door flew opened. She stepped through and froze as the scent of blood punched her thinking process, jumping all over the place as the door closed behind her. She looked at Avery and flashed over to him. The customers screamed and backed away. She pushed him toward the door. It flew opened again and she literally threw him out. I watched as Avery got to his feet. He took one last glance our way and ran off. I snarled as my self-control finally broke. My head swam with the scent of blood and the pounding hearts of all the humans. Before I could snatch one of the customers, I was knocked to the floor and pinned. Taylor growled in my ear.
“Don’t,” she hissed. I growled as I saw the manager crawling over to where we were, blood trailing on the floor behind him. The customers went ballistic. Taylor snarled and hissed. I pushed her off of me and got up. I cursed and sent a sharp command, shutting up the customers and immobilizing them. I hissed, trying to get a good grip on common sense and failing terribly. Taylor and I eyed the manager’s bleeding leg and the blood on the floor. She seemed to have a better control of holding herself back. Unlike me, I was waiting for her to distract herself, but that wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. She tore her eyes from the blood and got up. Pulling me against her, she fixed her stare on the manager and everyone else standing there frozen to the spot, unable to do anything but look and listen. I tried to pull away from her, but she had me again. Fucking pain in the ass when you’re not the only one with miraculous awesome abilities, damn stupid siblings. “You will not remember anything that happened tonight,” she hissed. They all nodded. She narrowed her eyes on the manager. “There was a robbery here, and you got shot for not giving up the cash. The gunman ran off, because one of your customers was brave enough to sneak a call to the police. When they question you further, you’ll say that’s all you remember before you passed out from pain and blood lost, and when you woke up, you found yourself being surrounded by helpful people, and the rest of you will back up his story.” She pointed to one of the customers. “You, call the police and tell them there is a robbery in progress. Act like there is one,” she snarled and pushed me toward the register. “What is the combination?” she asked sweetly.
“24180003,” he gasped out. She smiled and punched in the number. A click sounded and she pulled it opened. She frowned at the contents inside it. There wasn’t much cash in there. She nodded to me and released me, holding me in a tight embrace before I could do anything.
“Grab it,” she snarled in my ear. I took the cash and slammed the register shut. Still holding me with all the strength she could muster up, she led me to the door. “Unlock the door,” she hissed at the manager as the siren off to the distance grew closer and closer by the second. A click sounded and we were out in a blink of an eye. Everything faded to black, and I found myself on the other side of the gate at the NSC HQ, scaring Holly and Gabriella out of their wits. They both caught themselves before a scream could escape them. I growled at them both. “Not them,” Taylor hissed. “They’re on guard duty.” The fuck, when did she know what they do and don’t do? I kept growling under my breath as she forced me to keep on moving. “Listen—”
“I want blood!” I snarled, cutting her off. She hissed; tightening her grip as a mental wall hit me every time I almost broke free of her.
“After you get a few bags in you.” I snarled. “Listen and don’t you cut me off,” she said fiercely. She carefully pulled the money out of my clenched fist. She shoved it at Avery before pushing me through the door as another one crashed opened. “Would you stop resisting me and fucking walk?” she asked, panting. I blinked as a hard hand went down on the back of my head, forcing me to look at the ground. “It’s about time,” she huffed at… I sniffed. Of course it was Trynnadon. I squeezed my eyes shut as we continued walking. I didn’t open my eyes until I smelled the antiseptics of the infirmary. The pressure at the back of my head disappeared and I looked up, wincing at the bright ass overhead light. The door slammed shut and Taylor spun me around and pushed me on the bed. “Are you going to sit here and not leave the room, or do I have to restrain you?” I glared at her. She shook her head and pain smack me upside the head. I hissed. “Last chance,” she said, her voice sounded so far away. You know I can disembowel you right now? I mentally snarled at her. Through the blurry red haze, I saw her winced. “You won’t do that to me.” Trynnadon was standing behind her, daring me to hurt my own sister. I growled and forced myself to meet Taylor’s eyes.
“Give. Me. The blood,” I said, while at the same time, I restrained myself from flying out the room. She nodded and Trynnadon disappeared into another room, coming out a few seconds later with several bags of blood in his hands. He tossed one to me. I caught it reflexively.
“This is the freshest out of all of them,” he said throwing another bag at Taylor. I groaned and tore the bag open, slurping the whole content in matter of seconds. “So, what’s the deal with the store holdup?”
I grunted. “Don’t know what you’re talking about,” I muttered and toss the empty bag at him. He frowned and shook his head. “Has Loria been following me again?” I asked suspiciously.
“Yes, she has. She finds you interesting you know?”
“Never knew I was that interesting,” I muttered.
“Have to say, killing vampires and burning them for recreational purposes. I kind of want to watch myself.”
I growled. “I kind of have a reason why I kill them.”
“Oh. Your sister?” he asked, taking several steps away from me.
I gritted my teeth. “Yes,” I hissed.
“Sorry, I should’ve known.”
I took a deep breath. “It’s cool.” I reached in and pulled out my phone which was going off a minute ago and flipped it opened. Ah, yes, forgot to ask. I smirked and looked at Trynnadon. “There’s a vampire outside your gate, may he come in?”
He tensed. “Who?”
“Another sibling of mine.” Taylor stiffened.
“Elijah?” she asked.
“Mmm, yes.”
“Oh, damn.”
“What?”
“I’ve been trying to find him too. What the hell are you, Avery, and Elijah doing, trying to keep me in the dark here?”
“No, why would we?”
“Because you guys find each other so easily and I spend thirteen years looking for you all.”
“You’re horrible at tracking, remember?”
She huffed. “But—”
“At least you’re good at running away from us,” I said, cutting her off. I glared at Trynnadon. “So?”
“How long has he been here?” Trynnadon asked, walking toward the door.
“If you mean here as in coming to town, he has been with me all these times. You met him before, remember? Two Months ago, or has that slipped your mind?”
He stiffened. “How many brothers and sisters do you have exactly?”
“I have two brothers, one sister, and one dead sister, good enough for you?” I growled. I had more siblings than that, but he didn’t need to know about the other five.
“Yeah, yeah, got it now,” he said and disappeared out the door before I could throw him out myself. I got up and flashed to the outside door, Taylor was of course, right behind me. “Didn’t know you were going to follow me out.”
“You thought wrong,” I growled and pushed the door open. Taylor and I were at Trynnadon’s side in a split second. Behind closed gate, Elijah stood there, eyes dilated, fangs bared, and clutching the phone in his hand. Trynnadon stared at him, and then gave me a questioning look. “So, what’s going to happen if he stares into that camera? Last time I remember, it knocked my ass to the pavement.”
Trynnadon frowned. “I have no idea.”
“Tell Wesley to enter him in, manually,” said Taylor. He nodded and pulled out his radio. He could’ve contacted him mentally, but… whatever. I hissed as Gabriella made her way back to us. A low growl from Elijah told me that she wasn’t around when he arrived. Gabriella came to a sudden stop beside Taylor. She stared at him, and she wasn’t staring at me for once. Elijah eyes were now locked on her throat. He slowly slipped the phone into his pocket and took a step forward. A beep sounded, and we all looked up at the camera which was flashing at us. It stopped flashing a moment later. Trynnadon nodded to me before snatching Gabriella and disappearing inside with her. “Hmm, smart move,” Taylor muttered. I lifted the latch and stood back as Elijah walked through. I let the gate slammed shut and replace the latch.
“Family reunion?” Avery dropped from the sky and landed beside me. “And nobody bother to let me know?”
“I figured you would find out about it sooner or later,” I said.
“Right…” Avery stared at the silent vampire in the group. “Elijah, good to see you too,” he said when another minute of silence stretched on. Avery narrowed his eyes and turned to look at me. “You know, have you considered him as your twin yet? You two, think alike, act alike, talk alike, you get the idea.”
“We just happen to share the same brainwaves.” The air all of a sudden was crackling with energy. Avery blinked. Hot waves of sensations washed through and out of me and collided with another force. Taylor and Avery went flying. They got up just as quick, but remain where they were, on high alert. Just to add to the whole mess of things, I could smell Peyton slowly approaching. Elijah’s head snapped up and gazed at the gate. Peyton finally reached it, and she was clutching her stomach and gasping for air. She leaned against the gate, trying to calm herself. The pain from her was beating at me. I shot Taylor and Avery a look. Taylor nodded and flew into the sky, dropping outside the gate beside her. I quickly turned my attention back to the still silent vampire. God, I was seeing red again, god fucking damn it, haven’t I just fed? Oh right, that was only a bag. I growled and ignored it the best I could. I hissed at my sister and growled at Peyton. Taylor snarled and both she and Peyton were gone. I went over to Elijah and pulled him into a tight embrace. He hissed as my mental wall also closed around him.
“I came so close to draining her,” Elijah gasped. “The moment I started tracking her every single movement, I wanted her.”
“I know,” I growled.
“Tell me something, is she that good?”
I stiffened as the airport incident came back to me. “Yes, she is.” I lifted the latch and opened the gate with a sharp command and dragged Elijah out.
“Let me go. I swear. I won’t run. I keep my word, Tristan, just. Like. You.” I growled and dropped the mental wall, and let him out of my embrace. I took a deep breath and pulled everything back in me. Thanks to me, Elijah didn’t have to gather himself, not after I snapped it when I drop the mental wall on him. I pointed out a direction and we started walking. “Is Ari around?” I asked. He nodded stiffly. We turned onto a busy street and in a blur; Elijah and I moved in front of a Chevy or rather, I moved to the front, while Elijah went to the driver side just as the driver pulled the trigger of an AK47. I hissed as a rapid session of bright flashes and loud pops rang out in the night. A ways away, I saw Avery stepping from the shadows, his eyes narrowed in concentration. I realized he was altering memories. The cars went around us and continued on its way without stopping. Those who had their phone out were now driving as Avery did our version of a traffic control. The only cars remaining were the one I was blocking and the intended target. I looked into the car. There were four people. Apparently, this people were part of a gang. Didn’t I just wipe out another gang like… not too long ago? Finally the gun jammed and that’s when Elijah grabbed the driver and ripped his throat open. The other three in the car made a mad scramble to get out. I threw them all back and held them. While keeping a mental hold on them, I broke the windshield and pulled the passenger out. I growled and sank my fangs in him. Blood, mixed with drugs and alcohol, of course nearly made me gag. Any blood is better than nothing, Elijah mentally hissed at me. After a few more mouthfuls, I withdrew my fangs and pushed him to the ground. “You pick the wrong day and time to strike,” I drawled. “Unfortunately, your driver couldn’t be here to witness all this. Now, if you all cooperate, you might not go the same way as your… unlucky driver,” I whispered.
“It’s all fun and games,” Elijah mused. “I’m sorry about your friend… I couldn’t restrain myself. I’m sure it won’t happen again,” he hissed.
“Should I let this one go?” Avery called to us, looking at the car that held a very confused family inside.
I nodded. “Make sure they’re safely on the road,” I said, pulling the unconscious passenger to his feet. “Your place,” I said to my other brother. Elijah nodded. Sending a mental message to Taylor, he and I flew into the sky with three unconscious humans between us.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

The air was cooler up here as Elijah and I sped across town into a quieter neighborhood of Los Angeles. We descended to the ground and made our way up the driveway. The locks clicked and the door slowly opened. We stepped through and down the stairs where we dropped the humans to the floor. Back upstairs, I went around the entire house, checking out the place, because for one, I never been inside. Nothing out of the ordinary was to be seen, unless you count the lack of food as such, but there was lots of water in the fridge. I grabbed a bottle and slowly turn around to find Ari standing in front of me. Her eyes drifted to the water in my hand. “Would you like saltine crackers?” she asked. “Elijah doesn’t eat much of it usually I do, but I’m not here every day.”
I shook my head. “No thanks, but thanks for the offer,” I said.
She nodded. “There are also other snacks in the cabinet if you ever feel the need to grab a bite.” She ran her fingers through her red hair, reaching past me to grab a water bottle for herself. I sidestep and closed the refrigerator. “Do you do bagged blood?” she asked, taking a swig of water.
“No, not really, why, do you?”
She shook her head. “I was just wondering.” She turned and started walking. I followed as she led me back to the basement door. From the sounds of it, the humans were awake.
“You know,” Elijah said from behind me. He snatched the bottle of water out of my hand. “One of them has a girlfriend. I plucked the info and went to work with it.”
I turned around to look at him. “Oh, did you now?”
“Yeah, what did you think I was doing, taking a shower? Hell, no point when I’m going to get more blood on me.” He glanced over at Ari. “You leaving?” he asked her.
She nodded. “Yeah, I figure I do some more snooping around.”
“Hey, if you happen to run into Preston, tell him he is wanted here,” I said.
She headed for the door. “I’ll tell him,” she said as she stepped out, closing the door behind her.
“Shall we go down?” Elijah asked.
“Yes, let’s see what they’re up to.” I opened the door and screams assaulted my ears. I winced. Holding back a snarl, Elijah and I made our way downstairs. The door slammed shut and the screams died off. “Nick, is it?” I went over and pulled him up. “Does your precious girlfriend know that you’re living a double life, or do you keep that from her too?”
“Fuck off! Don’t even bring her up,” Nick gasped out.
I crushed him against me, my other hand around his throat. He struggled feudally.
“Tristan!” Elijah said sharply. “He has a weapon.” I glanced down to where he was trying to get his hand into his pocket. I released him and let him stagger away from me. I watched as he pulled out a vial and a knife. In a flash, I slammed him against the wall, pinning him. I knocked the knife out of his hand and pulled the vial out of his clenched fist. “Arsenic,” Elijah drawled, coming over and taking the vial from me. “Have you been feeding this to Trish?” he asked.
“Are you fucking crazy? I would never hurt her,” Nick yelled.
“Well, we’ll find out if you’re true to your words,” I growled. “Because she is here.” I glanced at the other two humans. They just lay there, staring blankly at the ceiling. “Want to take over?” I asked. “I’ll go and meet her.”
Elijah growled and snatched him away from me as I backed up. “Go on, I won’t kill him… yet.” I went upstairs and to the front door. I waited for her to ring the bell. I could smell fear and confusion radiating off her. The doorbell rang, and I reached out and opened the door.
“I was told to come here?” Trish said, her voice shaking slightly. I stared at her, waiting for her to say something else, but she didn’t. Her brown eyes studied me, and then widen as a scream broke the silence.
“Don’t run,” I said as she was about to make a mad dash for her car. “Please. Come in.”
“What the hell is going on?” she asked, fear clearly written on her face. I smiled and grabbed her. She screamed as I pulled her inside. “Let me go!” she yelled. From downstairs, Nick was cursing up a storm. “Nick! Is that you!?” I dragged her downstairs and spun her around. Her fear shot up as she got a good view of her surroundings. She shriek, making me want to snap her neck right then and there.
“Let her go!” Nick shouted. For fuck sake, my ears were going to bleed if they kept this up.
I snarled and bared my fangs at him. “If you make another sound, I’m going to rip her open,” I growled and let Trish go. She finally stops screaming. “Now,” I grabbed her arm and nodded to Elijah. He released Nick and stepped back. “Tell her,” I said to Nick. “Tell her what you’ve been doing every night. Tell her why you always come home late. Tell her why you refused to go anywhere with her. Tell her why you don’t want her out and about. I’m sure she likes to know. We all like to know.” I pulled Trish to me. “Tell me why I shouldn’t kill her,” I hissed. In my arms, Trish was frozen in shock. She took a deep shuddering breath.
“Nick, what are you keeping from me?” Trish asked shakily.
“Nothing. Don’t listen to them, Trish,” said Nick.
“What if I told you… your boyfriend is in a little social circle doing things like… drive-by shootings and maybe more?” I asked.
“Let me go!” she yelled. “So I can beat the fuck out of him!”
I laughed darkly. “I can’t let you do that…”
“Yes you can,” she groaned in frustration. “Come on.” I let her go and watched as she ran toward Nick and threw herself at him, hitting every part she could get her hands on. “I knew you were keeping something from me,” she screamed, punctuating every word with a punch. After a few more seconds of punching and kicking, she finally stopped and stared at Nick with a murderous glare. She closed her eyes and let out a long sigh. She glanced at Elijah and me. “Don’t kill them, please?” I shut Nick up with a sharp command before he could say anything.
“What would you prefer us to do?” Elijah asked.
“Make them turned themselves in,” she whispered.
“And? What should we do with you?”
“Anything except for killing me. I reached out and pulled her back to me. She stiffened. “Please, I’m begging you.” My stomach clenched as fear rose up in her, stronger than before. I spun her around to look at me. She gulped. “Please?”
I narrowed my eyes on her, taking a hold of her mind. I swallowed hard. “Trish? I want you to relax,” I whispered. She went limp in my arms. I cursed. Across the room, Elijah had all three humans under his gaze. “You won’t remember seeing me,” I continued on. “When you leave, you will call the police. Tell them you and your boyfriend got into a heated argument, because he just admitted to you he tried to kill someone. You will do whatever you are told to do, and when he and his friends are convicted, you will move on and forget about him.” Wow, that sounded stupid even to me. She nodded, and it took all the effort in me to let her go.
“I’ll take care of them,” Elijah said, moving to Trish and guiding her toward the door. He looked back at the other humans. “Come,” he hissed at them. I turned and flashed upstairs. Elijah followed me into the kitchen and out the door.
“Go on,” I rasped out. “I’ll be fine.” Before my eyes, Elijah and the four humans disappeared into thin air. I growled and started walking in a random direction. Where it will take me? No idea, but that’s the fun of it, not knowing where you’ll end up.

PEYTON

Okay, don’t take this the wrong way, but what the hell am I doing out here, outside at night by myself? Oh, and not to mention the fact that I could feel a stabbing hunger of a vampire, and I’m out walking about, having no idea where I’m going. I broke out in sweat and the pounding of my heart was so giving me away. Where was Taylor when I needed her? I continued on walking, keeping the trees as cover. I gulped as I felt someone following me. Uh oh, maybe I should’ve stayed inside. Damn it, too late now. I picked up my pace as I realized that it was Tristan who was following me. Don’t ask how I knew, I just do. Shut up you stupid heart. Can you get any louder? I was not going to out run him, and he was getting closer and closer by the second. I took a deep breath and ran. I blinked as houses and trees whizzed by. Wow, I could run that fast? Oh damn, of course he was faster. Tristan was on my every move as I sped back to HQ. I squeaked and forced myself to run faster. I came to an abrupt stop just before I crashed into the closed gate. I gritted my teeth and tried not to tremble as I felt Tristan right behind me. To make it harder, I could feel my stomach clenching and unclenching, add the prickly bone tingling sensation and chills to the mix, and you have yourself a good dose of shock. Where the hell was Gabriella? This gate needed to open like yesterday. I groaned. Was anybody around? I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding and slowly turned around. Not meeting his eyes, I slowly backed up and pressed myself against the gate. “Do I have a choice?” I asked. He didn’t answer me. “Um… uh…” I snapped my mouth shut as he blew out a sharp breath. Breathing heavily, he pinned me against the gate. I whimpered as the sharp tips of his fangs found my pulse.
“Three seconds to call for help, Peyton,” he growled. I gulped. He snarled. “Do it. Or I’ll kill you.” I reached into my pocket, feeling around for the switch on the radio. I finally found it and moved the switch upward. I jumped as the emergency alarm went off on Tristan’s radio. When did he get that? I pushed against him as I felt a sharp pain on my neck. I let out a shriek and it echoed in the night. Cold wind hit us as Trynnadon and Taylor appeared beside us. Tristan groaned as energy whipped against him. I could feel it too, and ouch. Trynnadon pulled Tristan away and his fangs tore at my neck. I screamed again, I couldn’t help it. He cursed and his tongue lapped up the blood, closing the gashing wound. He caught me as the world spun. Last thing I saw was Taylor attempting to keep Tristan from me.
“Get her inside,” Taylor hissed, and then I was out.
I woke up feeling like hell. I groaned and slowly opened my eyes. Where was I? Infirmary? Nope, didn’t look or smell like it. I was in a room. The bed under me was nice and comfortable. I snuggled into the blanket. I was still a little cold from lack of blood. I looked around. The walls were blue, awesome. Heavy curtains blocked out the night. I coughed. “Where am I?”
“You’re in a guest room,” said a voice by the door. I glanced toward the door to find a vampire that I didn’t recognize. Crimson eyes watched me closely. She came over to the bed and sat down. “I’m Loria. You’ve only been out for like five minutes or so.”
I grumbled. “Feels like five seconds,” I muttered.
She laughed. “I know. Would you like to sleep it off?” she asked sweetly.
“Er… no that’s okay. You have orange juice or something?”
“Uh… I don’t know. Let’s go and check. You have to walk by yourself though.” I groggily kicked the blanket off me and slowly slid out of bed. I got up and swayed dangerously. Loria was at my side in a flash. She snickered and led me out the room and into the kitchen.
“Oh hey, someone’s alive,” Scarlett said, closing the cabinet and walking toward me. “I’m guessing you’re here for something acidy?”
“Are you a mind reader?”
“Me, definitely not, but she is,” she said, nodding to the vampire behind me.
“Er… right… Scarlett Loria, Loria this is Scarlett.”
“Nice to meet you, Scarlett,” said Loria.
“Nice to meet you too,” Scarlett said, walking to the fridge and opening it. She frowned. “No orange juice, but there’s lemon. You want lemon?” Loria led me to the table, and I collapsed into a chair. Whoa, the room spun. I blinked a couple of times to refocus my brain. I groaned as that danger vibe washed over me again. I didn’t need to look around to see who just entered the kitchen. I heard the refrigerator slammed and a door closing with a loud crash. I frowned and looked up. Yep, Scarlett was gone.
“Oh hell, you didn’t get enough in you, did you?” Loria asked.
Tristan sniffed. “Enough to be sane.”
“Did you come here for something?”
“No,” he said. I winced as he put a hand on my shoulder. “I like to get to know you better Loria.”
“Um… okay?”
“Take a walk with me,” he softly hissed.
Loria took a deep breath and let it out sharply. “Okay fine, just let me take Peyton back to the room and put her to sleep.”
“Of course.” Tristan removed his hand and moved away. I pushed myself from the table and staggered. I could feel Tristan’s eyes on me the whole time Loria led me back to the room. He stood in the doorway, waiting. I got into bed and pulled the blanket over my head. Yeah, yeah, childish move, but whatever.
“Hey there, I can’t put you to sleep if the blanket is over your head,” Loria mused. I laughed and let her pull the blanket down a little. “Now look at me.” I squeezed my eyes shut and opened it to find myself staring into Loria’s dark red eyes. I blinked as sleep slowly came to me, growing heavier and heavier by the second. “Sweet dreams,” Loria whispered and darkness closed around me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

LORIA

I followed Tristan outside and through the gate. Where he was taking me, I had no idea. He led me down an alley and stopped. He turned to look at me. He inclined his head. “Tell me…” In a flash, he was in front of me. He wrapped his hand around my upper arm and everything faded to black. I blinked and realized that I was in someone’s house. Tristan glanced out the window. Another vampire was coming up the drive. He led me into the living room. “Sit.” I sat down and leaned back, eyeing the door. A minute later, it opened and the vampire walked in. Another member of the Tronis’s? He closed the door and entered the living room. He was tall, very pale, pitch black eyes. Yep, another Tronis. I shivered as his eyes wandered over me. “Don’t,” Tristan whispered to him. The vampire shrugged and backed against the wall. “So Loria, what do you know about the Tronis Bloodline? Or about the Council for that matter?”
I blinked. “Huh?”
“When Taylor took you under her wing. I suppose she told you a bit about her, even if you had no clue where she came from.”
I nodded. “Yeah, she didn’t tell me much though.”
“Tell me what you know.”
“Well um… I… know not to get on the wrong side of any of you.” I frowned. “You all have awesome powers over someone like me and you can kill me just by looking at me if you wanted to.”
The vampire leaning against the wall chuckled. “Nice to know that we can kill you with a glance.”
“Well, can you?” I asked nervously.
“That’s for you to ponder on. Should I test it on you?”
“Elijah,” Tristan hissed. “Take it easy.” The vampire called Elijah glared at him. “Anything else?” Tristan asked me.
“I heard you er… kill vampire for fun?”
Elijah and Tristan smiled coldly. I cringed. Damn, it was true. “We don’t, but when we do, we tried to have a good reason behind it, but sometimes… our inner beast takes over.” Tristan walked out of the living room and came back a few seconds later. “Now, since you’ve been with my sister for a while.” He flashed in front of me and pulled me to my feet. “It's very crucial that you keep our existence a mystery.” I nodded. Uh oh, this does not sound good at all. “Another teleportation.” Tristan looked over his shoulder to Elijah. “You coming?” He grunted and came over. He took Tristan’s other hand and everything faded to black. When the darkness lifted, I found myself in another house. “We’re in San Diego,” said Tristan. I blinked. “Don’t worry. I don’t have any torture devices, I promise.”
“You don’t need any,” I mumbled.
“True.” He guided me into a room, er… more like a holding cell.
“Oh my god, please don’t lock me up,” I said quickly.
“I’m not. Sit.” I grumbled and sat in the only chair in the room. “Wait here.” I nodded. He left the room. Good, he didn’t close the steel door on me. Even if I could bust my way out, I wouldn’t be able to reach the front door anyways. I could hear him talking to someone. I frowned. Were they talking about me? I didn’t have to wait long. Tristan was back with Elijah and three vampires that I didn’t recognize. They blocked out the doorway completely. “Loria, this is Ari, Preston, and Trent,” he said, nodding to each one of them.
“Er… hi?” I shifted nervously. The vampire called Trent smirked. He had something in his hand.
“Stand,” Tristan whispered to me. I stood up and walk the short distance to the door. A pale hand flashed in front of me. I gulped. Trent had the little device at my heart.
“Er… um… what are you doing?” I stammered like a helpless idiot. To be honest, I was helpless in this situation. I stepped back, but Trent’s other hand came down hard, stopping me from backing up any further.
“We have a way to track those who reveal any info about me,” said Tristan.
Elijah nodded. “Some of the vampires know about our unique… blood so to speak.” He took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
A light bulb went off in my clouded head. I blinked. “That’s why they took Evelyn,” I whispered. “Isn’t it?” The three vampires threw a nervous glance at Tristan and Elijah. Trent’s hand tightened on my shoulder. I braced myself for the explosion of some kind, but it didn’t come, although the temperature in the small room dropped slightly. I shivered and looked at Tristan questioningly.
“Yes,” Tristan hissed. I swallowed hard and remain silent. I glanced down at the device and back up to him.
“So, I’m not the only one that gets this?” I asked.
Elijah shook his head. “These three are being watched as well.”
Ari winced. “I hate to say it, but it’s true. No electrical shock, or a beeping warning, or a pinch to let you know you’re about to slip up until it’s too late. I never betrayed them to find out.”
“Actually…” said Tristan. He looked thoughtful. “Trent, don’t do it yet.” Trent nodded and released me.
“Do I get to make a new friend?” Ari asked sweetly. “I knew I always slip through your scattered mind.”
“I thank you for that,” Tristan muttered. Ari laughed. “Preston, Trent, Elijah? Step outside with me while this annoying prick befriends Loria.”
“Tristan? You call me an annoying prick again, Loria and I will come up with some ways to knock your ass out,” she said, winking at me.
Elijah laughed. “I so can’t wait for that. Make sure you come up with something fast. God knows, it might come in handy.”
Tristan grumbled. “Let me know when you do. I like to know myself.” He nodded to me. “Good luck with Ari. She’ll drive you nuts in five seconds.” He moved away from the door with the other vampires behind him.
Ari snickered softly. “Come on, let’s talk somewhere more comfortable.” I got up and followed her into the living room. I sat down on the couch beside her. “By the way, you’re at Tristan’s place.”
“Really?”
She nodded. “So,” she said, sighing heavily. “That tracking thingy? It’s like a mini computer. Say like… you’re talking to me. I’m a stranger you never seen before which practically I am, but the point is. It can sense when Tronis, or Tristan, or any name of the Tronis’s bloodline for that matter is spoken. Like right now, I bet the blinding red light that spells my name is hitting Tristan upside the head as we speak. There is no way to remove it, once it’s in you. The only way is death. If you tell another vampire that is not trusted fully by the Tronis’s, expect to see one of them looming over you and feel the agonizing pain that there bites can give. It will be a very slow, very painful death. That’s all I can tell you about what it does. Any questions?”
“Does it hurt when that chip or whatever is being stabbed in you?”
“Not really, it’ll just be like reviving a human with a defibrillator. I didn’t feel any pain, only a jolt of electricity.”
I nodded. “Okay, that makes me feel a lot better.” I laughed. “I thought he was going to fry me with that thing.”
“Hmm, if Trent tried to kill you, I think Tristan or Elijah would have his head in a blink of an eye.”
“I agree with you on that.”
She smiled. “Should I call them back in here?”
“Yeah, let’s get this over with.”
“Sweet,” she said and flashed to the door. She opened it and looked around. “Hey guys, you can come back in, and don’t sneak up on me.” She turned quickly and walked back to the couch. “If you haven’t notice, they like to sneak up on you.”
I laughed. “I think I know that too well.”
“I’m guessing that Taylor does a bunch of sneak attacks.”
I nodded. “Exactly.”
“It comes in good use,” Tristan whispered from behind me. I squeaked while Ari hissed wildly at him. He came around to face us. Trent stepped into the living room and toward me. “Deep breath and hold it.” Tristan smirked. “You won’t feel a thing…” I narrowed my eyes at him. Trent stepped closer to me. Holding the device in his hand, he went under my shirt and down to my heart. I took a deep breath, bracing myself. The device beeped and vibrated for a few seconds and then shocked the hell out of me. It didn’t hurt, but still. Trent nodded to me and stepped back. Ari smiled.
“That’s it?” I asked. They all nodded.
“Told you, it wasn’t that bad,” said Ari. Tristan handed me a piece of paper. I frowned at it.
“My first test on a job?” I asked.
“Not really,” said Tristan. “I know it’ll interest you.”
“Oh really?” I said, taking the paper from him. I folded it and slipped it in my pocket. “I’ll take a look later.”
“Let’s go.” I got up and took his hand. “When you leave, I want this place locked up.”
“Oh don’t worry. I got it all under control,” said Ari.
“Good,” he said and everything once again faded to black. I found myself back in the alley. Tristan moved a few feet away from me. He sniffed the air and growled. I sniffed and caught a faint whiff of blood in the air. He narrowed his eyes on me and snarled. I took several more steps away from him. The air around me grew thick. I watched as Tristan forced himself to take another step back. He growled at me and launched himself into the air. I looked up to find him looking down at me. Okay, time to run. I spun around and flashed out of the alley.
“Where’s Tristan?” Taylor asked as she appeared out of nowhere and stopped me.
“Back there in the alley on the roof.” She nodded stiffly and pushed me sideways.
“Get inside and stay there.” I didn’t pause to ask why. I just took off into the sky and sped my ass back to HQ.

TRISTAN

I snarled and growled, trying to get myself in check. It took all my self-control to not attack Loria, and it took even more as she swiftly exited the alley. I squeezed my eyes shut and jumped to the ground. I took a deep breath and open my eyes. I groaned as the taste of blood punched me hard in the gut. My sister was on my every move as I made my way out of the alley. She was gaining on me fast. I blinked the red haze away and tried not to think about what I want. I leaned against the tree and waited for her to find me. She slowly approached me. Swallowing hard and letting out a shuddering breath, I shoved my hands in my pockets and bared my fangs at her. “Don’t,” Taylor hissed at me.
“Get out,” I snarled.
“And let you go on a rampage?” I growled and found my hands around her throat. She gasped. “You don’t want to do that. Tristan, let go of me.” I snarled and threw her to the ground. Straddling her, I put my fangs to her throat. Taylor hissed and she stabbed me with something. I gasped and tore her throat open. Gasping, she wrapped her hands around my neck and squeezed. I choked as blood spilled from my mouth. “Listen, damn it.” She lifted me in the air and slammed me against the tree. The ground shook as I made impact with it. I kicked out and broke her hold on me. She went flying, landing on the other side of the street. She snarled and was up in a flash. We collided in midair. She struck out, hitting me upside the head. Taylor growled and lashed out with a mental blow, sending me back to ground level. I screamed as white hot pain exploded in my head. It eased up a bit, allowing me to see that Elijah was standing over me.
“Two against one, you’re out numbered,” Elijah drawled. I could hear Taylor gasping in pain a few yards away. “Are you trying to kill her or something?” I growled and was up in a flash. I threw him to the ground, and he dropped my ass again. “Nice try,” he hissed.
“Elijah, a human is coming this way,” Taylor gasped.
“I know.” He eased up on the pain, and I gasped for air. I swallowed hard and slowly sat up.
“You know,” I panted. “I fucking hate it when I’m being followed!” I snarled.
“I feel—” I mentally slammed him to the ground. Taylor gave out a small squeak. I ignored her and forced myself into Elijah’s head. He screamed as I broke down all his barriers. Twisting it with a death grip, I stared him down. Tristan, don’t! Taylor shouted in my head. I snarled and pushed her out.
“Next time,” I hissed. “Do. Not. Follow. Me…”
“Tristan—”
I whirled to face her. Grabbing a hold of her mind, I mentally snarled at her. “Same. Goes. For you.” Breathing heavily, I threw them both away from me. “Leave, No need to worry, I will be fine,” I whispered. I released them and watched as they both got up and disappeared into thin air. Still breathing fast and seeing red, and not to mention, extremely hungry, I slowly followed the scent of a human girl to a gas station where she was just coming out with a candy bar in her hand. She was alone. Don’t these people know not to be alone at night? I held myself back as she came toward me. She stopped and looked around nervously.
“Who’s there?” she whispered. I smiled and watched her hungrily. She frowned and continued on walking. Oh, sweet Ryah. You have no idea how very wrong you are. She opened her chocolate and took a bite. I silently groan as the sweet chocolate mix with her blood, making it even sweeter than it already was. I frowned. Oh, motherfucker. Please tell me she’s just a normal human. I cursed as her blood scent penetrated my scattered brain. As hungry as I was, I slipped into her mind and flipped through it. Foster child? Hmm, interesting. I retreat from her mind and back to craving her blood, her oh so sweet blood. Thank you very much for eating the chocolate; makes me want to bite you even less. I silently growled at her. She shoved the rest of the chocolate in her mouth and chewed slowly, glancing over her shoulder every now and then. I pushed my fingers into my eyes and groaned. Ryah? It’s time to bleed… and talk.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

RYAH

As I turned the corner, I came to an abrupt stop as my skin crawled, and chills ran up and down my spine. I could feel someone behind me. I crushed the wrapper and in my pocket it went. Even though I didn’t want to do it, I slowly turned around. A tall pale figure stepped out of the shadows. He looked as if trying to restrain himself from doing something. I looked up into his eyes and wishing a little too late that I didn’t want to look all the way up in the first place, because now I couldn’t get myself to look away as desperate as I wanted to look anywhere else but at those chilling hunger filled pitch black eyes. I watched, frozen in terror as he came closer and closer to me. “You are going to do everything I say,” he said tightly. A feeling of calmness washed over me and the feeling of being in control of myself came back to me. I looked down and let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding. I could hear him breathing in and out deeply. I looked back up at him. He was looking anywhere but at me. “Hold out your hand,” he hissed. I flinched and took a step away from him. He turned his head to look back at me, and my vision blurred. “I said hold out your hand.” I held out my hand as the other part of me screamed at me not to do it. His cool hand took mine in his and everything went black. The darkness lifted, and I found myself somewhere else. He let go of me. I tried to move away, but I couldn’t. My vision cleared and I shook my head in confusion. I frowned at the floor, wondering how I got here. I squeaked as his hand lifted my head up to look at him. He hissed and bared his fangs at me. I gasped and quickly moved away from him, but not fast enough. Before I knew it, I was flat on the floor. He was taut and looked like he was in pain. I braced myself for him to bite me, but he didn’t. I watched as he reached in his pocket and then I heard a short siren. He snarled and got off of me. I quickly got up and ran to the door. I heard him groaned in pain and then someone else was in front of me, preventing me from opening the door.
“Let me go!” I yelled at him. He put a hand on my shoulder and backed me away from the door. I looked at the other vampire. He clearly was in pain. His eyes bored into mine, and my vision blurred again. The other vampire that was still backing me up hissed and jerked my head to look at him instead. I frowned at him. “Are you going to let me go?”
“No, Ryah. I’m not.”
“How do you know my name?” He ignored me and pushed me into a chair. “Are you going to tell me who you are at least?”
“I’m Elijah and the one who held himself back from ripping your throat out is Tristan. Now will you sit there like a good girl or do I have to make you?”
“I’ll sit here quietly,” I mumbled.
“Good.” I sat there shaking slightly. I tried to stop my involuntary trembling, but no luck. I watched as two more vampires came out. They both went over to Tristan and picked him up. Elijah nodded and they took him through the door, closing it behind them. I frowned. Mind-to-mind conversation? “Yes.” I squeaked as he was all of a sudden right in front of me. I gulped and held my breath as he leaned in and inhaled me. I gasped and jerked back when I felt the sharp tips of his fangs. He chuckled and straightened. “Don’t scream. You’ll make me want to bite you even more.”
“Where am I? Why am I here?” I stared at him questioningly, hoping for an answer, but he just shrugged and shook his head. “Not helping,” I muttered under my breath. I gasped as what felt like an invisible rope tightened around me. I clutched the sides of my chair, trying to remain sitting. My whole body was going num. I held back a scream as Elijah’s eyes snapped to me.
“Ryah?” I jerked to my feet, catching him by surprise.
“What’s happening?” I asked as I broke out in cold sweat. I stumbled forward and toward the door. Elijah was there blocking my way.
“You’re not going anywhere,” he hissed.
“I have to,” I gasped.
“No, you don’t.” He put his hand under my chin, tilting my head up to look at him. The room spun and my vision blurred. “You are not going anywhere.” He led me back to my chair. “Sit back down.” I sat down even though I so didn’t want to. “You are going to resist the temptation to get up no matter how hard it is. Matter of fact… you’re going to sleep.” I couldn’t resist it. I fought uselessly as sleep slowly came over me.

TRISTAN

I groaned as another mental blast hit me. Grrr, why couldn’t they just let me kill someone? Oh, right, I’d take out the whole city. I growled and let out an invisible force, trying to break the multiple barriers around me. It wasn’t helping that there was more than one on me, more like seven… eight. Slipping back into Ryah’s head, I broke the compulsion that she was under. Not surprisingly, she was asleep. Wake up, I hissed in her unconscious mind. Another blast hit me, breaking my link with her. I snarled and tried to get a word out. “Give me blood, or you’re going to be here all night!” I screamed at them. The momentarily shock at my unexpected outburst lessened the pain slightly. It was also a bad move. Taking my chances, I slipped into all their minds and held it in a death grip. Screams assaulted my eardrums. After catching my breath, I got up and… well, walked out the door as if nothing ever happened, as if I haven’t been in an unbearable pain physically and mentally a second ago. I found myself in another living room. Seeing another door, I flashed to it and opened it. Oh, wonderful, it was just another door connected to the outside porch. Hmm, I opened the door to my right to find Elijah standing there. Before he could do anything, I grabbed him, pulling him inside and knocked him out. I was out the door and outside in a flash. I went around back, toward the voices. I snatched Kara, I think that was her name, and silenced her before she could scream. I felt the taser bury itself in me, but it was ineffective. I pulled her away from the gathered group. They fell silent the moment they realized that she was not there. I held back a growl as I leaned into her and struck. It wasn’t long before I was struck in the head with something hard and heavy. I grunted and pulled harder, taking in the warm sweet clean blood while they all throw punches at me like I was a punching bag. Kara went limp in my arms, and it took all the effort in me to withdraw my fangs and lick the wound shut. I stepped back and let her fall into Gabriella’s arms. I squeezed my eyes shut and turned around. Opening my eyes, I let out a growl. I stalked back to the front and went inside. I released my hold on the vampires and the screams finally cut off. “Come here, Ryah,” I rasped out. She squealed and I fought the urge to sink my fangs in her and drain her. I took in a shuddering breath and let it out. “Now,” I growled. She closed her eyes and stiffened. She took a deep breath and opened her eyes. She got up from the chair very slowly and came toward me. The door opened and out came Trynnadon, Taylor, and Elijah. Ryah stopped walking and a look of desperation crossed her face. Trynnadon narrowed his eyes on me. “You so much as blast me,” I hissed. “I will kill you,” I growled.
“I er… wasn’t planning on it,” said Trynnadon.
I laughed darkly and licked the remaining blood off my lips. “Don’t contradict me,” I said softly. “Your mind doesn’t seem to agree with what you’re saying.” He sighed and glared at the floor. “Come here, Ryah. Don’t make me repeat myself. I have no patients left.” Ryah whimpered and started walking. She stopped in front of me, her head down. I put my hand under her chin and tilted her head up to look at me. God, I need to go raid a fucking blood bank or something. Taylor crossed the room and rested a hand on my stiffed arm. “You’re going to stay here,” I said.
“But—” I snarled, cutting her off. I dropped my hand, and she took a step away from me.
“I’ll take care of your… beloved foster parents,” I whispered. I glared at Trynnadon. “Call Jenkins. I. Smell. Dry blood all over her.” He nodded and went back through the door. Ryah gasped and her adrenaline shot up even more. Elijah cleared his throat. My eyes automatically snapped to him.
“I’ll tell Ryah everything,” he said.
“You do that.” He put a hand on her shoulder and led her inside. I cursed and stepped away from Taylor. She tensed and all of the doors closed with a loud crash. Rubbing my eyes which were burning like hell, I walked over to a chair and sat down.
“You want me to turn off the lights?” Taylor whispered. I nodded stiffly. A second later, the room was plunged into darkness. I groaned and dropped my hands. “Stay here? I’m going to grab a few blood bags from Jenkins’s stash.” I grunted. “Hey, it’s better than nothing. I’ll pick the freshest ones.” She headed to the door and opened it. “Don’t go anywhere. Please?” She sighed as I stared at her without saying anything. She went through the door and was gone just as the outside door opened. Peyton stood in the doorway, blinking in confusion, and then she gasped. Sucking in huge amount of air, she stepped inside, closing the door behind her. She took a few more steps further into the room, sticking to the left.
“You must be very brave,” I whispered. She gave a small scream.
“I knew it was you,” said Peyton, her voice shaking slightly.
“You’re getting use to differentiating vibes?” I asked slowly. She nodded. I chuckled. “Good for you,” I whispered. “Take about ten more steps and you’ll find the door you’re looking for.” She put her hand on the wall and trailed it as she slowly found her way to the door. I inhaled her scent and a growl ripped through me. It took all I had in me to remain sitting. When her hand found the doorknob, she pushed it down and practically threw the door open. She slammed the door shut on me and locked it. Not going to keep me out, sweetness. I whispered in her mind. The door open again and this time it was Taylor. She stepped out and came toward me, handing me a gigantic tub.
“Go slow on it,” she said as I opened it. I grunted as I ripped a bag open and down it. “I got a text from Ari. You said you wanted to see Preston?” I nodded. “He’s on his way here. Wesley is disabling the alarm when they get here.”
“They?”
“Ari and Trent are with him.” I winced as a loud beep sounded. A bright red light by the doors flashed, and I almost dropped the bag of blood. “I guess they’re here.” The outside door flew opened and a few minutes later, Gabriella and three vampires came in.
“Don’t,” I said quickly as Gabriella found the light switch. “Leave it off.” She squeaked and dropped her hand from the switch. “You can leave, they’re expected.” She nodded and the vampires moved out of her way to let her out. “Close the door,” I said, sighing heavily. Ari closed the door and made her way toward me with the other two following. She stared questioningly at the tub in my lap which was now full of empty bags.
“I thought you didn’t do bagged blood?” Ari asked.
I snickered under my breath. “My sister is not fond of me going on a rampage,” I said. Beside me, Taylor winced and snatched up a bag that wasn’t empty yet. Ari took the tub from me and dug through it, looking for more blood. I growled and looked up at Preston. Feeling my eyes on him, he nodded. “Update?” I asked.
“Aiden is nowhere to be found,” said Preston. “Drizella is talking to him, but it seems that he’s not giving up his location.”
“Where is she now?”
“She’s staying at a nearby hotel.” He pulled out a piece of paper and handed it to me. “It’s the address of the hotel and her room number, and her cell number.” I took it from him and slipped it in my pocket.
“Trent?” I said, my eyes fixed on him as he finished up the bag and tossed it in the tub that was in Ari’s hands.
“I found his second-in-command,” said Trent.
“Oh really?” I asked. He nodded. I smiled. “And who might this be?”
“Evan.”
“Do you know where he is right now?” He nodded. “Good, bring him to me. You have twenty-four hours to do so. Preston, go with him, and Ari, you stay.”
“Yes sir,” said Ari as Preston and Trent left the room. She gave the tub to Taylor and made herself comfortable on the floor. My sister glanced at me and then went inside. “So, what fun job do you have for me?”
“Nothing,” I said.
“But, but, I like roughing up someone,” she said, frowning at me.
“It will be worth it. If I remember correctly, you seem to have an appetite for torture.”
“Don’t we all?”
“Not everyone.”
She smiled. “Tell me I get to torture Evan.”
I laughed. “If he doesn’t cooperate and doesn’t drive me insane while at it, you may have your chance.”
“I can hardly wait.” I chuckled. “Can I look around?” she asked, running her fingers through her dark red hair. “I always wondered what the NSC’s HQ is like.”
“You may after you get permission from someone other than me.”
“Who?”
“Eric or Trynnadon.”
“Huh, okay then.” I sighed and slipped into Trynnadon’s head and groaned as the scent of blood reached me. Did he really have to think about blood like… now? Can I help you? Trynnadon mental voice asked tightly. Get your ass out here, you have a visitor. I mentally grumbled at him. I pulled out of his head and got up. It wasn’t long until the door opened and Trynnadon stood in the doorway. He looked at me and then to Ari.
“Ari, nice to see you again,” said Trynnadon.
“Nice to see you too,” Ari said, getting to her feet. “Can I have a look around?” she asked.
He laughed. “Sure.” He looked back at me. “Wesley has Preston, Trent, and Ari on camera so they can go in and out as they wish without setting off the alarm.” He winced as memories from a few months ago flashed in his mind. I gave him a knowing smile and teleported outside.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

I inhaled the fresh air and leaned against the gate. I could see Gabriella talking to Brianna in the far distance. I folded my arms and watched as Warren made his way to the front. He froze as he saw me. He took a deep breath and composed himself and continued on. Brianna looked around. Spotting me, she took in a sharp breath in which Gabriella’s head whipped around to see what startled her. They both came over to me. Brianna parked herself an inch from me. She leaned her head back to look up. “You finally got enough in you?” she asked. I shrugged. “I heard another girl is here.” I nodded stiffly. “What’s her name?” I didn’t answer. I just stared down at her. She shivered involuntarily. “Um… is she ah… special too?” I narrowed my eyes and straightened. Brianna quickly backed up and Gabriella’s hand went in her pocket. I smiled and closed in on her.
“For the record,” I softly hissed. “What you have in your pockets doesn’t work,” I whispered. She squirmed away from me. I reached out and pulled her back. “You might want to check in with Wesley and see what he has in his arsenal of weaponries. It’s about time you get an upgrade, don’t you think?”
“Yes,” she squeaked. She unsuccessfully tried to pull away.
“You have a question for me,” I whispered. “Ask it. I might say yes.” Brianna gave a loud cough and cleared her throat. I turned my head to look at her. “I haven’t forgotten about you,” I said, putting my hand on top of her head. “Do me a huge favor. Go fetch Ryah for me. She’s the cute one with dark green eyes and messy blond hair. She wears a locket. Very flashy, you won’t miss it.” I removed my hand and watched as Brianna wheeled herself around and went inside. I went back to focusing on Gabriella who was now looking anywhere but at me. “Back on topic, what were you going to ask me?”
“Um…” She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “We er… like for you to um… become a member of the NSC.” She gulped. “Do you accept our invitation? You and the others?” I let her go and frowned thoughtfully.
“I can only answer for myself. You’ll have to ask the others. Any rituals to get in?” I silently laughed. This was the most ridiculous question I ever heard. Had they forgotten who I was? For god sake, the NSC wouldn’t have existed without the Council’s approval in the first place. Maybe I should start wearing a god damn badge that states something like, Tristan Tronis, member of the VC. I mentally rolled my eyes. Gabriella shook her head, and I snapped back to attention.
“You just get a blue tracking band, and you have to wear it at all times. It’s waterproof. You also get a radio which you already have.”
“And what exactly does this wristband have to offer?”
“It’s like a GPS alert type of thing. It alerts you when you’re taking too much um… blood, and if you keep on feeding, the alarm will go off on all who has it.”
“Interesting,” I said thoughtfully.
“And that’s all I know about it. It might have more useful stuff that I don’t know about.”
I laughed. “Does this mean I can’t go on my daily rampaging?”
She flinched. “Uh… if you decided to join, you, Elijah, Avery, and Taylor will be getting a special made one.” I chuckled as she ignored my question all together. She turned her head toward the door as it opened and Ryah came out.
“I’ll get back to you on that. I’ll let Trynnadon know if I wish to join.” She nodded and I let her walk away. Ryah stopped a few feet from me. “Come closer, I won’t bite.” She winced and came closer. “Does your locket open?” I asked. She nodded. “Can I see what’s inside?” She nodded and opened it to reveal a picture.
“It’s my parents,” she said softly. “I was told they died in a fire.”
My throat constricted as a memory threatened to make its way to the forefront of my mind. “I’m sorry to hear that,” I said tightly. Her eyes filled with tears. She took a deep breath and closed the locket.
“I don’t think they died accidentally.”
“What makes you say that?”
“I don’t know. I just have this weird feeling about it.”
I sighed. “How old were you?”
“I was two when they died, and as I got older strange things begin to happen.”
I nodded. “Like what?”
“Like this.” I watched as she turned and focused on a tree. One of its branches snapped with a loud crack. It sped toward me, and I caught it reflexively.
“Wow, very nice.” I snapped the branch in two and tossed it. “Are you able to control it?”
She nodded. “I can’t when I’m angry though.”
“We’ll have to work on that. We can’t have objects flying in all directions and causing a huge mess.” She nodded. “What else can you do?”
“That’s all. I scare everybody around me. They say my eyes turn red.”
“When you get upset?”
“Yeah, only if things starts flying.”
“Now, who are they?” I softly asked.
“Everybody at the foster home.”
“They say I’m a freak. They’re probably celebrating my absentness as we speak.”
I frowned at her. “Do you have any friends?”
She shook her head. “I was home schooled for as long as I can remember.”
I nodded. “Now, is there anything else you need to tell me?”
She looked thoughtful for a long second and shook her head. “Not at the moment.”
“You may leave.” Taking a few steps toward the gate, I rested my hand on the latch, my thoughts wandering back to those unforgettable days of nothing but rage. Oh, don’t get me wrong. The heated rage was still there. It takes more than broken glass and torn body parts to calm it, or… it use to at least. I cursed and unlatched the gate and pulled it open. Damn, where would I be if it wasn’t for my oh-so-caring sister? Pulling out the paper that Preston gave me, I sent Gabriella a message of my leaving and stepped through the gate.
I crossed the street and swiftly made my way past the post office and drug stores and what not. It wasn’t long for me to find what I was looking for. The paper still clutched in my hand, I pulled open the hotel door and stepped into the dimmed lobby. I walked up and around the counter to the receptionist. She jumped and gave a startled gasp as my hand touched the back of her neck. I dropped it as she wheeled around to look up at me. What color remained drained from her face as she gazed into my eyes. Slipping in her wide opened mind, I took her over. The compulsion washed sweetly over her, like falling into a blissful oblivion. “You saw no one coming through the door,” I whispered. “Now, I want you to disable the cameras on the third floor.” She nodded and turned to her computer, clicking away.
“It’s done,” she said calmly.
“Good, you’ll go back to what you were doing after you hear the elevator door close.” She nodded as I walked toward the elevator. I released her and hit the up button. A few seconds later, the ding sounded and the door slid open. Stepping inside, I automatically punch the button for the third floor. The door closed and upward it went. The door opened again and I stepped out. I sniffed, and the smell of recent sex permeated the air. Oh boy, someone had too much fun for the night. I smiled and glanced at the paper. Ignoring the sound of sleeping humans and the blood flowing under their skin, I made my way to room 323. The fear I felt when I entered the hotel grew dramatically as I stood outside Drizella’s door. From inside, I heard a mad scramble and the sliding of a… window opening? Oh, no, you don’t. I mentally reached out and held the window latch down, and then I sent a sharp command at the door. It flew opened, hitting the opposite wall with a loud thump. Drizella stood by the window, desperately trying to get it to open. She could have had that window open in the blink of an eye, but the fear pouring from her was making her very, very clumsy. I strode inside and the door slammed shut. I was suddenly enveloped in cold chills. Drizella groaned and slowly turned around to face me. I closed in on her. “Don’t try to get away,” I whispered. I reached out and put my hand on the side of her neck. She flinched under my touch. “Tell me. How long will it take for you to complete your poor tracking?” She took in a shuddering breath. “Is two months not long enough?” I pulled her closer and my skin crawled. I sighed. “Don’t worry,” I whispered in her ear. “I’m giving you more time,” I softly growled. She whimpered and nodded rapidly. “Get a hold of yourself, your fear of me is driving me insane.” I shoved her away from me. Taking a deep breath, I crossed the room and sat down in one of the chairs. I watched as she got up, rubbing the back of her head.
“What are you doing here?” she asked, not looking at me.
“Just wanted to see how you were doing,” I drawled. “Clearly, you have gotten nowhere. What a disappointment.”
“Tristan,” she said desperately. “I’m trying.”
I smirked. “Not hard enough, it seems.” I picked up the shiny black index sized card from the table and traced the blood inked name of Aiden. I put the card back on the table and glared at it. I slowly got up and went over to her. Drizella coward in the corner of the room, her arms outstretched. I grabbed her wrist and pulled her closer. Enfolding her in my arms, I put my fangs to her neck. She gave out a small scream and struggled to get free. “You have a week, sweetheart,” I breathed against her throat. Before she could blow my eardrums out, I silenced her with a sharp command. “Shhh, no point,” I whispered. Puncturing her neck, I groaned as the warm sweet blood touched my tongue. I took in a mouthful and reluctantly let her go. A trickle of blood slid on to her finger as she fell against the wall. She swept the blood onto her finger and licked it clean. I turned and headed for the door. With my hand on the doorknob, I turned to look back at her. “If you fail me again? I will know. I will find you, and I will. Kill you.” I pulled the door opened and stepped out into the hall. Drizella gave a wail of desperation and defeat as the door slammed shut on her. Not bothering to take the elevator back down to the lobby, I flashed down the stairs. The receptionist looked up as she felt me in front of her. Not waiting for her to say something, I took a hold of her mind. “You saw no one leaving, and you’ll turn back on the cameras on the third floor after I leave, understood?” She nodded. Releasing her, I was outside in a flash. Shoving the paper back in my pocket, I made my way across the parking lot. I pulled out my phone and glared as it continued to vibrate in my hand. Flipping it open, I put it to my ear and listened to the awkward silence on the other end.
“Why don’t you ever say anything when you answer the phone?” Taylor asked heavily.
“I prefer to have the other person on the other end of the line speak first. You have a problem with that?”
“No, not really.”
“Good, now what did I do to get this phone call?”
“Just making sure you didn’t go off the deep end, brother.”
I laughed darkly. “Don’t worry. I was on my best behavior.”
“Oh wow, that was the first,” she mused. “I just wonder… how you managed it.”
I sighed. “Taylor, if you hadn’t force me to drink that pitiful blood, I would have fed on every single human in the hotel.”
She groaned. “First of all, I didn’t force you to drink it, and yeah, you would have, without a doubt, drained every one of them in their sleep.” She all of a sudden appeared right in front of me. I grunted, snapping the phone shut and slipped it back into my pocket. “No goodbyes?” she asked, punching the end button.
“Nope.”
”Ryah did some telekinesis for me.”
“Oh really?” I asked. She nodded and started walking. I grudgingly followed her. “How did it go?”
“Pretty well actually. She and Jane were having a little power play.”
“Speaking of Jane, how is she doing with that wind of hers?”
“She’s getting the hang of it. From what I’ve seen, she can control the pressure and speed of it.”
“Nice.”
Taylor nodded. “Alyssa and Peyton are wondering when you’re going to work with them again. I think Peyton is making progress with her fireballs if the sizzling and flickering midair thing is anything to go by. Then again, I think Elijah was out there watching her from a distance.” I realized that we were back at the NSC HQ as Taylor leaned against the closed gate, her eyes narrowed on me.
“What?” I asked.
She straightened and opened the gate. “Nothing.”
“Taylor?” I said warningly as I followed her inside.
“Nothing, really.” I softly growled and reached out, stopping her from going any farther. She stiffened. I spun her around and stared into her eyes. She winced. “Okay okay, I’m just a little hungry.” I hissed as her hunger crashed into me.
“A little?” I asked tightly.
“Yeah, a little?” said a voice from beside us. Taylor blinked and looked down. My gaze followed her to find Seth staring up at us. “I can’t tell who’s thirstier, you or Tristan.” I chuckled and stepped away from them both. “I’m sure if you ask nicely, one of us would be a willing donor.” I stiffened as I felt Elijah behind me. Seth winced and looked around nervously.
“Playing nice is not in my nature,” I said. “Takes out all the fun.”
“True.” Taylor smiled and moved away from Seth. He rubbed the side of his neck and shivered. “I’m just saying.” He turned and ran back inside. An awkward silence hung in the air. It was only broken when Ryah coughed loudly and a paper airplane flew at me. I ducked before it could hit me full on. It fluttered to the floor as she let another one fly. I caught it and picked up the fallen one and walked toward her. Taylor snickered and went out the opened gate. I handed the two airplanes back to Ryah. She took it and backed away quickly.
“It was Donnica’s idea,” she said, trying to hold back a giggle. “Although she said a baseball bat is better than a paper airplane.”
I smiled. “Tell her that I’m going to bite her if she gives you anymore ideas,” I said. She laughed and walked away, shivering as she felt my eyes on her. Elijah laughed and disappeared into thin air. I licked my lips and headed inside, straight for Trynnadon’s office, and oh shit, my stomach clenched and unclenched as my hunger rose, and I started seeing red. Mother. Fucker.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

TRENT

“Get over here,” I hissed. Preston and I were standing on a rooftop, scanning the streets below us. Dawn was swiftly approaching and time was running out, fast. Preston grumbled and was at my side in a flash. I sighed and hit the ground. “Let’s check out the next destination,” I said and made my way to the other side of town.
“You think he knows we’re on to him?” Preston growled.
“I suppose,” I muttered. “He probably has some lookouts of his own.”
He chuckled softly. “Time to do some probing.”
“If you get us caught, I’m going to kill you before Tristan even gets his hands on you,” I growled.
“I rather have you kill me instead of him,” he muttered. I laughed. We came to a stop at another abandon building. Sniffing the air, I pulled the door open, wincing as it creaked loudly in the dead silence. Preston nudged me and we stepped inside. Dust and cobwebs were everywhere along with an unpleasant odor of god who knows what. Preston cursed and passed me. He went over to a corner and sniffed the air in interest. He picked up one of the boxes. I frowned and went over to him. “Explosive,” he muttered. He laughed and gently put the box back. “He’s clearly not here.” We headed back outside and a ways away from the building. “Does Tristan know any bomb dismantlers?” I reached into my pocket and pulled out my phone.
“I wouldn’t be surprise at all if he does.” I hit the speed dial and waited for the other end to pick up. He picked up on the third ring. I waited, wondering if he was going to come out of the blue and say something first. I sighed as seconds turned into minutes. “Hey to you too,” I said into the phone. “Do you by any chance know someone who knows how to dismantle an explosive?” I asked, getting right to the point. I groaned and cursed as pain exploded in my head. Gritting my teeth, I snapped the phone shut and shoved it back in my pocket.
“Oh, no,” Preston groaned. “I really hate it when he does that.” He took several steps away from me, watching me closely. “I hope he’s not using you to do it.” That’s exactly what I’m going to do. Tristan growled in my head. I gulped and stiffened. “Oh, fuck me.” Preston scanned our surroundings nervously. I snarled and fell forward on all fours. “Trent?” The ground I was staring at blurred. “Trent?” Preston said, more urgently. I couldn’t even look up to answer him. I was too busy hyperventilating. I tried to take a deep breath. It only made me cough.
“Stop it,” I gasped. “Please, stop it,” I begged. The pain was to the point of excruciating. Tell Preston to go back inside and open the box. Tristan whispered. “Are you trying to kill us here?” I gasped. No, you both can get out faster than it can go off. “No, we can’t.” Sure you can. A few feet away from me, I heard Preston screamed in pain. Before I knew it, I was no longer staring at the ground, and the pain was all of a sudden gone. Gasping for air, I turned to look at Preston who was cursing up a storm. Now, go inside and do it. Or the pain will return with vengeance. Preston and I groaned. Tristan laughed darkly and sighed. I rubbed my eyes and walked back inside. Preston and I stopped in front of the box and stared at it. Go on, Preston. He winced and picked up the box. Tristan was chuckling in amusement as Preston glared at it. Now why would Evan stay in this shithole of an area? Any day now, Preston. Open it. Tristan whispered. “Just do it,” I said. “I don’t think I can stand another round of torture.” I stiffened as Preston took a deep breath and… opened the box. Wind whipped against me as I was literally thrown out. What the hell? Preston and I hit the pavement hard. I hissed as the loud explosion blasted my eardrums. The ground shook slightly. I blinked and got back up. Turning around, in the far distance, the whole damn building was falling apart and plumes of smoke filled the air. That wasn’t so bad, was it? Tristan asked. I grumbled. Now, find me Evan! He snarled and pain once again hit us over the head. Preston and I screamed, and when it was over, we found ourselves on the ground.
“Please tell me that fucker is gone,” Preston gasped as he painfully got back up. He came over to where I was and pulled me up.
“I think he’s not here anymore,” I said in relief.
“Come on. Let’s find Evan before he makes us kill ourselves.” I shuddered. We took one last look at the explosion site and flew into the sky. A few minutes later, we drop to the ground behind an apartment complex. Preston frowned at the building thoughtfully. “Here? You gotta be kidding me.” He pulled his phone out and scrolled his way through a million text messages. He sighed. “The one on the left.” I followed him to the door and went inside, stopping at the last door at the end of the hall. I sniffed and put my hand on the doorknob.
“Let’s hope he’s here,” I muttered. “Stay here, I’ll get him. Or not.” I pushed it open and stepped inside. I smirked as I saw a pissed off vampire standing by the counter, but it wasn’t Evan. A flicker of surprise crossed his face as he registered that I was there. We stared at each other for a very long time.
“Who are you?” he asked.
“I might ask you the same thing,” I said. “I was wondering,” I walked toward him. “If you happen to know where Evan is.”
“Who are you?” he repeated, glaring at me.
“I’m Trent,” I growled. “And you might be…?”
He stiffened and moved away from me. “You’re not working for the Council, a-are you?”
I smiled and closed in on him. “What if I am?” I whispered. I grabbed him before he could get away.
“I won’t let you take me,” he hissed and shoved me hard. In a flash, he had me in a chokehold. Lifting me into the air, he tossed me across the room. I grunted as I hit the wall. Snarling, I got up and flew at him, taking him to the floor. “Is that all you got?” he snarled at me. I looked up as the door opened and Preston strode in.
“If I knew that there was going to be a fight, I would have come in sooner,” he drawled. I smirked and got off the snarling vampire. I pulled him up roughly. Before he could so much as shove me away again, Preston was at his other side, a knife to his throat. “As much as I love to beat the shit out of you right here and now, you are being summoned.” He pressed the knife in deeper. Blood slid onto the blade. “So, come willingly or we drag your ass out of here, which one will it be?”
“Fuck you,” the vampire hissed.
“Ease up on the blade there,” I said. “I think he wants us to bring him unharmed.” Preston sighed and withdrew the knife and sent it flying. I hit the vampire with a mental wall. He snarled as I tried to break through his mind shield, only succeeding when Preston jerked him forward and out the door. Ah, the name was Dillon. I smiled and pulled back out. “Well, Dillon, it’s finally nice to meet you,” I said, tightening my hold on him. We finally were outside, and I inhaled the fresh air. We flew up into the sky, Dillon between the both of us. He was trying his damn hardest to break down the barriers around him, and when we landed a few yards from the closed gate, his fear amped up dramatically. I breathed in and out slowly, trying to ease the tingling sensation. It wasn’t helping that it was growing stronger by the second. I shook my head, stepping away from Dillon who was paler than usual. He would have made a run for it, if I wasn’t still holding him in an invisible barrier. I looked over at Preston. He was several feet from me, staring intently into the distance.
“Where is that human?” Preston asked, taking a step closer to the gate. “Ah, there she is,” he said, smirking. I went over to Dillon and pushed him forward.
“Stop,” the human said, wincing slightly.
I frowned at her. A peek in her head told me her name was Gabriella. “Can we go through?” I asked.
She shook her head. “He can’t,” she said, nodding at Dillon. “Stay here,” she said and ran off. We didn’t have to wait even a second, because Tristan came out of nowhere. He took one look at Dillon and opened the gate, and stepping through.
“Release him,” Tristan said, walking over to us. I nodded and drop the barrier. I took several steps away from Dillon and waited for the blowout, but it didn’t come. Instead, a beep sounded. Tristan reached out and pulled Dillon through the gate. Preston and I followed. The gate slammed shut behind us as we made our way inside and down the stairs. I frowned at Dillon, wondering why he didn’t try to run or scream. We entered a small room to the right. I winced as a scream nearby broke the heavy silence. Tristan glared at the door and it slammed shut. Preston and I went over to the corner and leaned against the wall. Tristan looked over at us and smiled evilly. “Good work,” he said, coming over to us. “I still like to have Evan here.” Preston and I nodded. “Find him,” he whispered and nodded to the door, our signal to leave. He stepped back for us to pass him. I opened the door and shuddered as a cold breeze washed over me. Glancing back at Tristan, Preston and I flashed upstairs and outside for another round of searching.

DILLON

Couldn’t move, couldn’t speak, hell, I couldn’t even focus. I stood there frozen on the spot, silently screaming my head off. It felt like I had no control of my body, or my brain for that matter. Suddenly, everything came back to life. I found myself staring into Tristan’s cold eyes. I gulped and force myself to look away. “Here’s how this is going to work,” Tristan said softly and very slowly. He put his cool hand under my chin and jerked my head up to look at him. “You. Are going to tell me every single location of your friends,” he hissed. “Every single one of them.” I opened my mouth to speak, but he cut me off with a low growl. “I also want you to tell me…” He walked to the door and opened it, and another vampire came in. She looked like she wanted to run, or scream, or bleed herself, or maybe all of the above. She and Tristan stared at each other for a very, very, very, long time, and she looked over to me. Before I knew it, she was on me in a split second, knocking me hard to the floor. “Loria!” Tristan said sharply. I groaned in pain as she hit me with a mental blow after another. She snarled as she was pushed off of me. I staggered to my feet and quickly went to the door, only to be pushed back to the floor head first. I got up again, but didn’t reach for the door. I slowly turned around. Loria was looking at me, with one thing clearly on her mind. She wanted to kill me. I glared at her. I could’ve sworn I saw her before. “Loria?” Tristan asked, sounding a little confused. “What’s going on?” She stiffened and backed away from him. She took a deep breath and glared at me.
“It’s your sister,” she mumbled. I gritted my teeth as cold wind blew around me.
“What about her?” he asked in a low growl.
“She…” Loria cringed. “She is…”
“She is…?” I hissed as Loria flashed over to me, and lifting me up, she tossed me across the room. Before she could get a chance to open the door, Tristan grabbed her. She squeaked.
“Let me go, let me go,” she whimpered. I didn’t dare to see what expression was on Tristan’s face at the moment. By the dropping temperature in the room and the way she was shaking and desperately trying to get to the door, I had a pretty good idea. “Tristan, please?” she begged. “I don’t want to be anywhere near you right now.” She gasped as he tightened his grip around her upper arm. “Please, let me go,” she groaned. I held my breath and watched as Tristan all of a sudden hissed and was jerked forward. Loria screamed and wrenched herself from him. His hand shot out, catching the wall to stop his fall. He snarled, and she was out the door in a flash. I made to follow her, but a blinding pain went off in my head. I screamed and fell to the floor. I tried to blink the darkness away, but it was useless. What the fuck was going on? I curled into myself, trying to lessen the pain that was taking me over. It only grew, and I screamed even louder. My vision darkened and that’s when I knew that I was going to die. Something hard hit me, and I was lifted into the air, only to be slammed back to the floor.
“It hurts, doesn’t it?” Tristan whispered in my ear. Shit, when was it going to end? Tristan laughed. “You’ll know when,” he said, digging his fingers into my neck. I blinked and tried to see through the blurry haze. He winked in and out of focus. I closed my eyes, hoping he would just kill me already. I could feel him holding me down, preventing me from moving an inch. “You took my sister?” he growled in my ear. I can tell you where she is! I shouted in my head. “Too late, your friends are long gone by now.” Then kill me! He growled, and his fangs stabbed in me and tore. It felt like as if every parts of me were consumed in a raging fire. He snarled, and I knew no more.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

TRISTAN

My hands felt hot as I tried to contain the fire within me. It was so very close to bursting. I blew out a sharp breath and shoved my hand in Dillon’s pockets, taking out everything. It wasn’t much, just a wallet, a phone, and his keys, the usual stuff. I got up and sent a sharp command to the door. It flew opened, and I was out of the room in a flash. At the top of the stairs, I met up with Elijah and Avery. The wind swirled around me. It was a collision course as my energy crashed into theirs. Ignoring the sudden impact, I stiffened and passed them. I growled and went farther inside. The whole room went dead silent as I stood there, looking at each one of the humans. I slowly inhaled the thick air and pulled myself together. Cloaking my presence, I headed into the kitchen. I slowly approached Loria who was looking out the window, deep in concentration. My hands a few inches from grabbing her, I let the darkness around me envelop her. She shrieked and backed into me. I embraced her and backed out of the kitchen. Everyone screamed as I passed them. Hmm, they weren’t supposed to see that… oh well. I led Loria out to the front porch as the humans scattered in all directions, keeping a good distance from the shadows. I slammed the door shut behind me and went outside. Loria was no longer screaming. She trembled in my arms as I led her through the opened gate. The air rippled around me as Elijah and Avery appeared beside me. They didn’t say anything as I made my way down the street. Wrapping them both in darkness, I teleported to the apartment complex. I didn’t let them go until we were inside Dillon’s apartment. I spun Loria around and pinned her against the wall. I growled and withdrew the shadows from her. She whimpered and kept her eyes close. “We didn’t get to finish our conversation before you ran out on me,” I softly growled. “So what were you going to tell me?”
She squirmed. “You know,” she squeaked.
“But I want confirmation.”
She moaned. “They took Taylor. I didn’t say anything to them.”
“I know,” I said slowly. She gasped as I leaned in and sniffed her. “Why do I smell them on you? I hope you took out a few?”
She nodded rapidly. “Not all,” she squeaked.
“Look at me,” I whispered.
“What are you going to do?” she whimpered.
“I said look at me.” She groaned and opened her eyes. I smiled and grabbed a hold of her mind. “Now, tell me. How many of them were there?”
“I think more than ten.”
“How many did you kill?”
“I think four or five, maybe more.”
“How did they take her?”
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“She told me to run.”
“But you went back?” She nodded. “Why?”
“I wanted to see what they were going to do to her, but one of them grabbed me so I had to kill them.”
“You will take us to where you were when you were last with Taylor.” She nodded. “You will remember everything I asked you, and you will take us there.” I released her and stepped back as her eyes came back to focus. She took in a shuddering breath as she slowly passed us to the door. I sighed and followed her out. Elijah grumbled and stopped her. She squeaked.
“Tell me,” he growled.
“On Dileran Road,” she whispered. I nodded and teleported myself to Dileran Road. It wasn’t a second before I was joined by Avery, Elijah, and Loria. Elijah let her go and sniffed the air. I groaned as I saw bodies all over the place.
“You didn’t bother to clean up?” I growled.
She shook her head. “I went to find you.” I grumbled and stepped up to one of the bodies. I set each one on fire as Avery growled into his cell phone.
“Ari, Trent, and Preston are on their way,” said Avery. He pointed off to the left and nodded. “I can smell her more over there.” He leaned in and whispered low enough for only me to hear. “She’s not Evelyn.” I grunted. “We’ll find her. Hell, she might have taken out half of the group already.” He straightened and nodded to Elijah who was several feet away from us. “Go help him. I’ll take over from here.” I turned and headed to where Elijah was standing, his eyes narrowed. He didn’t look up until I was directly beside him.
“They took to the sky,” said Elijah. “Clearly, he has extended his membership to include those who can fly.” He laughed and launched himself upward. I sighed and slipped into Taylor’s head.

TAYLOR

“You want powers like me?” I smiled sweetly at the gathered vampires. “The only way you’re going to get it is when I feel like it.” I groaned as one of them stabbed me. “I’m just curious, what did you inject me with?” I asked. “Because I can barely… move a muscle,” I whispered.
“Shut up!” the one across the room snarled.
“Oh, and by the way, keep on bleeding me, that’s gonna get you nowhere.” I glanced down at myself. Rivets of blood slowly pooled on the floor. “And one more thing…” I hissed as another sharp ass instrument of some sort slashed me open. “Pathetic,” I coughed.
“Tell us!”
“Tell you what? Be more specific. You want… a story, a message, a phone number, what? I can hardly contain myself from ripping your heart out.”
“How are you stronger than us?”
“I don’t know, you tell me. I been wondering that myself.” I glanced around the room and did a headcount. “I’m surprise it took this many of you to take me.”
“I think we’ll keep you around for a while. We can listen to you talk all day night long,” said the one beside me.
“Oh good, I do a lot of talking. We’ll become good friends before you know it.” I closed my eyes and restrained myself from growling. If I wasn’t restrained and paralyzed, I would have taken out the room in matter of minutes. I sighed. “To be honest, I am extremely hungry. Lucky for you, the stuff you inject in me is not planning to leave my system anytime soon.” I smiled as one of them leaned over and sank his fangs in me. “Bite me,” I groaned. I licked my lips as I let go a little energy. My blood went hot, making him choke. He fell to the floor and screamed. In the blink, the others surrounded him. “What’s wrong?” I purred. “Is my blood too much for you to handle?” I watched as they forced a human into the room. I growled and bared my fangs. “Not going to work,” I said sweetly. “Your blood is practically poisoned to the point of no return.” I sighed. “Don’t even bother draining that human. You could give her to me though. She has better use for me.” I grunted as another one socked me in the face. “Ow, now that really hurt.” I growled as he ripped the human’s throat open. I smirked as he grew worse by the second. “You don’t look good there, compadre. Want to get better? All you have to do is release me!” I snarled. “So what do you say?” They glared at me. “Do I have to translate? I said re-fucking-lease me! You pathetic son of a fucking bitches!” I snarled and spat a mouthful of venom at the closest vampire. She shrieked as it burned into her skin. “Ouch, that does hurt, doesn’t it?” I sighed. “Let me go and I’ll save your friend… and… no one else needs to get hurt.” Another one, the leader maybe, came up to me with a long sharp ass looking wood. I smiled. “Homemade?” He snarled and I gasped as he staked me. “Not cool, not cool at all,” I choked out. I screamed as my head exploded into a million fireworks. All around me, they all backed away from me, a questioning look on their faces. Sorry, I’m sorry. “Tristan,” I squeaked. In my head, Tristan hissed and cursed as everything I was feeling went into him. What did they put in you? No idea. The pain in my head gradually faded. Where did they take you? I was out for the whole ride. I groaned and took a deep breath. I glanced down at the stake which was still protruding from my chest.
“Is Tristan here?” one of them asked.
I coughed. “Does it matter?” I panted. “What the…?” I frowned as a warm sensation came over me, and it felt like I was being drained of something. Shhh, don’t clue them in to what’s happening. Tristan whispered in my head. Oh, I spluttered. “What?” I asked out loud.
“You looked surprise about something.”
“Oh? That was nothing.” I frowned at the vampire on the floor, the one my blood poisoned. “How about that offer, you release me and I save your friend?” They laughed and shook their heads in amusement.
“Not going to risk it, hot one,” said another one who was standing by the door. In my head, Tristan growled.
“Did you just call me hot one? I am very flattered.” Pull out that stake, Tristan hissed. I smirked and blinked. “You know what I just realized?” They all stared at me, waiting. “I realized that I can do this.” In a blur, I broke the metal chains and reached up, pulling out the stake. I threw the stake aside and hit the floor as daggers and stuff went flying. I went over to the helpless vampire and punched through his chest. Blood coated my hand as I pulled the heart cleanly out. I dropped it and ripped the head from the body.
“Run!” shouted the leader as I got up. I ducked as a needle flew toward me. Sending a sharp command to the door, it all slammed shut with a loud crash.
“Nobody’s going anywhere!” I snarled. I leapt into the air and landed on the leader. I dug my fingers into his neck. “Where’s Aiden?” I panted. “Where’s Evan?”
“Fuck you,” he spat. “If I knew where they were, I wouldn’t tell you anyways.”
“Fine, be that way.” Before I could rip that asshole’s head off, a stinging pain of a needle buried itself in my shoulder. I groaned as my arms gave way from under me. In my head, Tristan screamed as darkness pulled me under.

LORIA

I stood frozen in terror as a wave of mind numbing energy coursed through me. What the hell? I slowly looked around. Tristan snarled and disappeared into thin air. The scary mind numbing tingling feeling also went with him. I took a deep breath and held it as Avery slowly made his way toward me. He reached out and grabbed me, and everything faded to black. When it lifted, I found myself standing in a living room. Avery grunted and let go of me. I was on high alert as he went into another room. I could hear him growling under his breath. I took a step forward. “Stay there,” he growled. I swallowed. Well okay then. He came back out with a device of some sort. I frowned at it. He didn’t bother to tell me what it was. He held out his hand and I took it, and once again, everything went black. We were on a rooftop of a building. “Anything?” he asked, letting me go and walking over to Tristan.
“She’s still out,” Tristan muttered. “That. Or she’s keeping me out on purpose.”
“What about Elijah?”
“He hasn’t found her yet.” Tristan growled low in his throat, and his eyes snapped to me. Uh oh, what did I do? He walked over to me and leaned in, sniffing me. I stiffened as his fangs grazed my neck. “You missed one,” he breathed against my throat.
“What?” I squeaked. I shuddered as he held me in an embrace.
“One of them got lucky and manage to escape while you were busy,” he whispered.
“How do you know?”
“Because, when I was in Taylor’s head, I was doing a little… sniffing of everyone in the room.” He sighed and tilted my head upward. I whimpered as he bared his fangs. I blinked as he opened up his wrist.
“Uh… what are you—?” His fingers in my mouth cut me off abruptly.
“Shut up and drink.” He put his wrist to my opened mouth. I coughed as the first drop of his blood went down my throat. I latched on and pulled at it. I winced as images started to flash in my mind. Before I could pull away, his other hand landed firmly on the back of my head. “I could have shown you this mentally, but I have little hold over anything mental right now. You’ll be out cold for hours.” I choked as images of vampire after another came into focus. “Don’t spill,” he growled as blood spilled over and down my cheeks. “Swallow it.” I swallowed the mouthful of blood and watched as Tristan’s eyes grew hungrier the more I took in. A few more mouthfuls of the fizzing sweet salty blood, he finally removed his wrist from my mouth. He licked it closed and flashed across the rooftop. “Ari will meet you here,” he growled. “You are going to show her what you saw when I fed you my blood.” I nodded and watched as he and Avery leapt into the air and was gone.
I wiped the blood from my cheeks and looked over the edge. It wasn’t long until I felt another presence behind me. I slowly turned around to find Ari walking toward me. “Hey,” I grumbled.
“Hi.”
“So, I was told to show you this.” I gently pushed against her mind. “Let me in.” She frowned and nodded. I slipped into her head, and I let the images I was still seeing flow into hers. This time, I really focused on each of the vampires and concentrated on each individual scent and putting it to memory. I frowned at one particular vampire who looked like he was in extreme pain though there were no visible wounds on him. Huh, interesting. I slipped back out and nodded. “Anyone else coming?”
“Yeah, there coming.” She pointed upward. I looked up as shadowy figures came into view. Trynnadon, Eric, Donnica, Callan, and James silently landed around us. “I need a computer expert,” she said into the silence. James and Callan nodded to her. “Great,” she slapped something into James’s hand. “Break into this building we’re standing on and go to work.” She smiled. “Tristan wants update as you find something new.” James nodded and he and Callan jumped from the rooftop. “Um.” She looked at Trynnadon thoughtfully. “I guess the rest of us are tracking.”
“Question,” I said. Ari nodded. “Is Tristan linked to her?”
She nodded. “They’re all linked together.”
“By blood?”
“Yeah, from what I heard.” Ari and I jumped to the ground and started walking. “They’re having trouble finding her, because she is purposefully blocking them out or it’s an automatic thing.”
“Should she let them in?”
“Yeah, but the downside to it all is that whatever she feels, they feel it too.”
“Oh, that gotta suck.”
She laughed. “Yeah, I bet.” She sniffed the air. “She must be in terrible pain if she’s not letting Tristan, Elijah, or Avery in.”
I shuddered. “I’ve been there and it’s not fun. They create torture instruments in their spare time, like seriously.” I inhaled deeply, taking in a lungful of clean air. From behind us, someone cursed.
“You know,” said Donnica. “If I can find any of them, I’ll use their own weapon on them.”
“Were you following us the whole time?” I asked.
“No, just got here.”
“Trynnadon and Eric?”
“They went their separate ways too. Cover more grounds.” I nodded. “Trails all over the place, it’s ridiculous.”
“Tell us about it,” Ari muttered under her breath. “I see Trent up there,” she said, pointing ahead. I turned my head to look and yep she was right. We walked up to him as he stopped to look back at us.
“Find anything?” I asked heavily. He shook his head. “Wonderful,” I groaned. “Just… wonderful.” He smirked and walked on as if nothing ever happen.
“Don’t mind if I join, do you?” Donnica asked.
“Nope,” I muttered. She frowned. “What?”
“I keep forgetting you guys don’t have a radio.”
“Oh, right, just give us a mental shout if you happened upon something.”
She nodded. “Well, I’m going this way,” she said, walking off to the right. “Let’s hope I find a vampire who’s not supposed to be sticking around.”
“Let’s make that… all of us.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirteen

TAYLOR

I cringed away from the bright ass light. What the fuck? I was in a cage. Oh hell no, they didn’t just lock me up in a cage like I’m a fucking animal, and on top of all that, I was paralyzed. Again. I groaned and slowly, very slowly opened my eyes. Fighting the stinging pain, I tried to see through the glare. Yep, I was in a cage or… should I say an incubator. I growled and sniffed, no one was in the room. I hissed as the scent of human grew closer and closer. No… I groaned. The door open, and a whimpering human was pushed inside. “It’s a pity you can’t have this,” the leader called Oran hissed. I snarled, cursing him out as he punctured open the human’s vein and left the damn room. Breathing hard and ignoring my pain, I opened myself up to Elijah who was desperately trying to break through. He snarled and cursed as I let him into my head. I screamed as I was all of a sudden jerked into a sitting position. A short distance from me, the human girl shrieked and ran to the door, pounding it for all it was worth. I gulped in a lungful of air and clamped my mouth shut. As I refocus, I noticed that Elijah wasn’t the only one in my head. I groaned. Do all of you really need to be in my head at the same time? I mentally asked and sighed as two presences left my head while one remained. Again, I felt the warm sensation all over my body. I slumped back down as the drug slowly made its way out of my system. Elijah grunted and left my head, but was back in a second later. Shut that human up would you? I grumbled and silenced her with one sharp command. Can you move? I lifted my hand up and grabbed the metal bar beside me. I didn’t expect to have you rummaging around in my head. Elijah chuckled. Tristan is an inch from ripping someone’s head off. I laughed. Watch him and yourself too. He grunted. How about you worry about yourself first? Then we can talk about your uh… excellent self-control and how we have none. He laughed as I sucked in a breath and snarled. Where’s your self-control now? Shut up! I panted and sat up. My eyes automatically went to the human who was growing paler by the minute. He chuckled as I locked my eyes with the human as my compulsion washed over her.
“Come here,” I rasped out. Ugh, I sounded horrible to my own ears. I gripped the metal bar and pushed at it as she came closer. It strained against my hand.  I growled and hit the lights with a blast of energy. It sizzled and went out. I sighed as my eyes welcomed the darkness. At least the pain in my eyes was slowly fading. Now that feels a little better. Elijah muttered in my head. I snarled and pushed at the bar again. Inch by inch, it loosened a little. I give them credit for building that. Suddenly, he crashed into my body. I gritted my teeth and watched as the bar broke off, one after another, until it was big enough for me to get out. I groaned as all the pain returned to me as he gave me back control of my own body. Panting, I painfully stepped down onto the floor. Reaching out, I grabbed the human and pulled her to me. I coughed. “You will not scream, and you will not fight me,” I said to her. My mouth was over the bleeding wound before she could nod or say anything. I snarled and tore her throat open even more. I gulped down the blood and could feel myself slowly healing. The moment my fangs went for the blood, Elijah was out of my head in a split second. I smiled and let the lifeless body fall to the floor. He came back in just as I finish draining her. I smirked. What, you couldn’t watch me? I silently asked him. I think one starving vampire loose on the streets is good enough for now. He laughed. Don’t get me wrong, I’m extremely hungry. With all that blood on the floor? He cleared his throat. You get my point. Now get your ass out of that room. I walked to the door and grabbed the doorknob. It didn’t budge as I tried to pull it open. Elijah grumbled. You should have asked that human what city and state you were in. Oh shit, I forgot, sorry. Still panting, I broke the doorknob and threw it across the room. Pulling the door open, I stepped out and looked around me. I sniffed and coughed as the smell of dust and shit assaulted my nose. Basement? Probably. I turned left and headed for the stairs, only to jump back into the shadows as the door at the top of the landing opened. A short fat vampire with cropped brown hair came down and froze at the opened door. He looks delicious. Can you shut up for a minute? I mentally muttered as the vampire sniffed and looked around him.
“I know you’re still here,” he said roughly. “How did you get out when none of us could?” I slipped into his mind and snatched his name. He didn’t even notice, what a fucking noob. He sniffed the air again and followed my scent to where I was. I backed further into the shadows and with an effort, cloaked my presence from the room. He blinked and frowned into the shadows. “What the hell kind of vampire are you?” I smirked. So he was a noob, huh.
“I’m a special vampire, Grant. You’re extremely stupid to come down here alone,” I whispered. He gulped. “Come forward, I’m still here.” I sent a sharp command to the door. It closed with a soft click. I sniffed at his general direction and caught the scent of sedatives, a massive amount of it too. “Hand over that syringe.” I dropped my cloaking and let the chilling energy wash over him. He stumbled back, his eyes darting back and forth between the door and the shadows. I growled and threw an invisible rope around him, jerking him forward. “I said hand over the sedatives.” I winced at the occasional stab of pain in my head. I snarled in frustration and pulled him deeper and deeper into the shadows. He struggled uselessly against it, his mouth opened in a silent scream. I released him and clamped my hands down on his shoulders. I gritted my teeth and tried to resist the temptation to lean in and sniff his neck. Elijah, are you doing this? No! I winced as Tristan snarls filled my ears. Oh, this is going to be fun. Elijah said slowly. Get out! How about you guys not have a snarling match in my head? I’m in enough pain already. Tristan growled and gently slipped out. And don’t distract me, Elijah. Whatever you say Tay. I returned my attention back to the vampire in front of me. “Don’t make me compel you, Grant. Give me. The sedatives. Now.” His eyes bulged and he reached into his pocket and pulled out two syringes. I smiled and took it from him.  “Thank you.” I stepped back from him and put the syringes into my stiffed blood-soaked pocket. “Now. Tell me. Where am I?” I released his vocal cord and waited. He didn’t say anything as I backed further from him. I don’t even know if he could if he wanted to. I sighed and slipped into his head, grabbing a hold of it in a death grip. I cut him off before his shrieks could fill the room, sending the rest down here. Let’s try that again. Where am I? I snarled in his mind, increasing the pain in his head. City and state? I hissed. San Diego California, he mentally gasped out. In my own head, Elijah snarled. Thank you. I released him, and he crumbled to the floor. “One more thing,” I said, walking toward him. I dropped to my ass beside him and smiled evilly. I leaned over him, my hands on his chest. He widened his eyes and jerked upward. I pushed him back down.
“Please, don’t,” he gasped.
“But, I can’t help myself.” I dug my fingers slowly into his chest. He screamed, and this time, I didn’t bother to silence him. I mentally held the door shut as the rest of the vampires converged on the door. I punched his chest open and wrapped my hand around his heart and pulled it out. I dropped it to the floor and got up. I flashed to the top of the stairs. Hissing, I splintered the door. The wood dug into my skin as I pushed myself through. Elijah hissed in pain. Ouch, was that necessary? I ignored him and tried to dodge the bullets and flying daggers. I growled and sent one of them flying, knocking the syringe out of his hand. I yanked another syringe from another vampire and plunged the needle into another, dropping him instantly. I groaned in pain and sent the front door flying into the wall. Snatching a female vampire, I teleported a few blocks away.
“What the—?" I hissed and slammed her to the pavement. I sat on the ground beside her. She gasped.
“Talk,” I hissed. “Where did you guys bring me?”
“Not saying—" I snarled and dug my fingers deep in her neck. She hissed.
I smirked. “Now, what was that?”
“A house.”
“I know that, you stupid fucking idiot! I want an address.”
“11458 Till Street,” she gasped. About time, Elijah snarled, and then I felt him leaving my head.
I leaned down and whispered in her ear. “Tell me your secret for this drug that was effective on me, and maybe, just maybe, I’ll be nice and let you live to see another day.” A tremendous ripple in the air jerked my head up. I removed my hands from her neck and scanned the darkness. The air stirred and from the shadows all around us emerged Elijah, Tristan, Avery, and the rest. I looked down at the vampire under me. Her eyes were wide in terror. “So?” I pulled out one of the syringes. “What’s in here?” I asked as the circle closed around us. Avery plucked the syringe out of my hand.
“Where did you get that?” she whimpered.
“I have my sources.” I jabbed my finger into her neck. “Tell me or die.”
“I rather die than tell you,” she gasped.
I grunted. “No problem.” I pushed off the ground and into Elijah’s arms. “Tristan?” I pointed to the vampire on the ground. “Take care of her. I want to go crawl in a hole and die.” I let Elijah dragged me out of the circle, and before I knew it, his hands were over my ears. I winced as a shriek pierced the night air. Avery appeared in front of me. He reached into my pocket and took the other syringe. I groaned and bared my fangs at him. He shook his head and put his finger to my mouth. I closed my eyes and tried to ignore the shrieking and the smell of blood. I opened my eyes as Elijah finally removed his hands from my ears.
“You guys go ahead,” Elijah softly growled. Eric nodded and led them away as Tristan appeared beside me. They were having a mind-to-mind conversation, but I didn’t bother to listen in. Hell, I just wanted to sleep and not wake up for a week. Behind me, Elijah gripped me tighter.
“Porting,” Tristan whispered to me and everything faded to black. Elijah’s hand was over my eyes the moment the darkness lifted. I frowned and sniffed. I coughed as the antiseptic of the infirmary assaulted my nose.
“Keep your eyes close,” Elijah said, leading me into another room. I closed my eyes and he removed his hand. I heard the water turning on and the door closing.
“Where are the kids?” I rasped out.
“Kara took them out for the night. Don’t worry. No humans around.” He tugged at my torn shirt. “Strip, I won’t look.” I sighed and with difficulties, pulled my clothes off.
“Can I open my eyes yet?” I asked.
“Oh,” I heard him flip the light off. “Yeah, now you can.” I open my eyes to the darkness of a bathroom. “You’re not going to fall over while washing up are you?”
“Probably not,” I muttered.
“Well, while you are washing up, I am going to raid Jenkins’s blood bank.” I groaned. He cleared his throat. “I’ll try not to snack on it myself.” He opened the door and stepped out, closing it quickly behind him. I sighed and stepped under the cool water. Groaning, I carefully washed all the blood off of me, wincing every now and then as I gently prodded myself. After washing my hair for the millionth time, I shut the shower off and stepped out. I went over to the cabinet and pulled it open. Taking out a towel, I wrapped myself in it, ignoring the throbbing pain all over. The door opened and I turned to see Elijah, Tristan, and Avery standing in the doorway. I slowly went over to them.
“I have no clothes here,” I muttered.
Avery smirked. “No problem,” he said and disappeared into thin air.
“Looks like he went to grab it for you,” said Elijah. He touched one of my wounds and frowned at it.
“What? Is it still bleeding?”
“No. Let’s go sit.” I walked out of the bathroom and to the bed. I sat down and stared at him and Tristan, wondering when I was going to get my blood fix. Elijah grunted and went to another room, coming back out with the blood. “Here.” I took it from him and ripped it open. Tristan sat down beside me and watched as I emptied the bag. He took it from me as Elijah pressed his wrist to my mouth. What the? I gave him a questioning look and sank my fangs in him. I winced as I felt my wounds healing up faster as I gulped the blood down. He made to take his wrist from me, but my hand reached up to stop him. He smirked. “That’s enough.” I rolled my eyes and took one last pull of his blood and withdrew my fangs. He licked the wound closed and took a step back. I glanced toward the door as it opened. Avery stepped in and threw a bag of clothes at me. I caught it and walked back into the bathroom and quickly dressed. Tossing the bag into the trash, I walked back out. “You up for ripping some more hearts out?”
“Definitely.”
“In that case, I’ll see you in a few seconds.” I nodded and teleported to 11458 Till Street.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fourteen

PEYTON

“So,” Ryah said, putting her fork down with a loud clang. She leaned in and lowered her voice. “How do you make fire again?”
I glanced around the restaurant, making sure no one was paying any attention to us. “I don’t know how to explain it,” I whispered. “I just get really hot until it like explode out of my hands.”
She smiled. “Same here, I don’t get how I can move things without touching it.” She looked across the table. “Do you?” she asked Kara, picking up her fork and attacking the last few bites of her steak.
She laughed. “Don’t ask me, I don’t have…” She lowered her voice. “Superpowers like you.” Beside her, Gabriella nodded in agreement.
Brianna took a sip of her coke, her eyes scanning the customers nervously. “Is it just me or are we being watched?” she asked in a small voice. “I keep getting the chills.”
“Not the only one,” I softly hissed. I shivered. The rest nodded.
“If you girls are done, I think we can go back,” said Kara. “Elijah just texted me.”
I cleared my throat. “They didn’t destroy the house did they?”
She laughed. “I think it still standing.”
“Let’s go play paintball,” said Seth.
Alyssa frowned at him. “I think it’s closed at the moment.” He shrugged and pushed his empty plate to the edge of the table and got up. “Where are you going?”
“I have to go pee.”
“TMI,” I muttered. “Who’s paying?”
“You are,” said Ryah.
“No, no one has to pay,” Kara said, signaling the waitress over. She handed her the check as Kara held out a credit card, and she took it.
“Whose bank account are we clearing,” Brianna asked. The waitress returned and handed the card back to her.
“Thank you,” said Kara. She nodded and left, glaring at the floor. What the hell was her problem? I pushed away from the table and got up. “Oh, to answer your question Bri. It’s Trynnadon.” I whistled, wondering how much cash was on that card. “Don’t ask, because I don’t know,” she said, nodding toward the door. We followed Kara and Gabriella outside. The feeling of being watched didn’t go away. Instead, it increased as we got outside. As we stopped beside the car, I took in a breath and held it. Actually, everybody was holding their breath and squinting into the shadows. Brianna gripped the sides of her chair and leaned forward, staring intently, trying to see pass the darkness. We all took a step back as a vampire stepped into the light. “I knew it,” Kara muttered under her breath. She smirked and eyed each one of us hungrily. I shivered. Beside me, Ryah went very still. I glanced at her. She was looking at the tree in concentration. The vampire came closer to us, stopping in front of Brianna. Then she looked over at Ryah.
“Don’t,” the vampire growled. Ryah swallowed hard. “Ryah, is it?” She nodded rapidly. “I’m not here to hurt any of you. Besides, I’m here to make sure you all pass through that gate safely.” Gabriella frowned. “I’m Jade. I work for Tristan.”
“You do?” Seth blurted. Alyssa winced and gave him a warning look.
“I do.” She nodded to the van. “I’ll be following from above,” she said, and launched herself upward. We got into the van and Gabriella shuddered. I winced as the van started up and we were off.
Kara cleared her throat. “Holly, Abby, and Jessica are on their way back too. Jess just texted me. They met a vampire too.”
“Ooo, who?” Seth asked eagerly.
“Isabelle.”
“Don’t tell me…”
“Yep, she does.”
“Are we in danger or something?” he asked.
Gabriella coughed. “We’re in danger when we’re around any vampire.”
“I meant from other vampires that we don’t know.”
“I guess,” I said. “Why would he send two vampires to watch over us?” My question was answered when we pulled up to the gate. I held back a scream, because out of nowhere, Jade and I presume Isabelle rocketed to earth and went into fighting mode with five other vampires. “Oh… shit,” I squeaked. Gabriella cut off the engine and we watched as the battle raged on. One of them went crashing into the gate and the alarm blared.
Kara gulped. “Uh oh.” I glanced at her questioningly. Before she could answer, a long shrilling siren went off. I realized it was coming from her and Gabriella’s radio.
“Uh oh,” Ryah said, looking out the window nervously. She reached across me and rolled the window down. A loud growl whipped my head around to look out the window. Trent, Preston, Loria, and Ari were suddenly there. They jumped into the fight as another car pulled up. The passenger door was thrown open and Wesley jumped out. One of the vampires grabbed for him, but a bullet to his head gave him a window of a second to run. Loria grabbed him and pulled him back into the fight. I watched as he ran around to the back. I don’t know how long we sat there in the van, but finally the alarm went dead silent and the bright red light on the camera stopped flashing. I glanced back at the others in the van. Ryah was watching the whole fight with her mouth slightly parted. Seth winced as the last vampire was sent to his death.
“Ouch,” he muttered.
“Yeah,” I said breathlessly. “You can say that again.” I stared at the bloody scene as bodies were all of a sudden up in flames.
“Damn,” Ryah muttered. “Scary,” she shuddered.
“Everybody out and go around back,” Preston called to us. We all got out and slowly went to the back. The back gate was being held opened by Ari who looked a little too excited.
“Hey guys. Get inside,” Loria said from behind us. “We have a super hungry vampire or should I say vampires on their way back. Shit’s about to hit the fan.”
“Oh, fuck,” I whimpered. “My tummy is going to have a major meltdown.” We all ran inside with Loria right behind us.
“I’ll try to ease your panic attacks,” she said, pointing downstairs. She shuddered. “Tristan and Elijah are going to kill everybody on the streets.”
Holly winced and slammed the door shut. “Damn, I am not going to be the first to be drained dry,” she said going into another room. I stared at Loria, my brain already in the flight mode.
“What about Taylor and Avery?” I asked.
“Oh, Peyton, you don’t need me to answer that.” I gulped. “I think the emergency siren was the last straw for them. I saw Tristan and Elijah’s eyes going white before I got my ass over here as fast as I could.”
“What does that mean?”
She winced. “That’s there ah… I call it there death stare, but I don’t know what happens. You have to ask one of them when they’re in a really, really, really good mood. I think I go for Avery or Taylor. They’re the… more… lesser of the two evils.”
I laughed. “I think I better not take any chances.”
She smiled. “Good idea.” She walked back upstairs and opened the door. She looked back at me. “Tell Ryah to get ready to throw things around,” she said and disappeared out of view, and a second later, the door closed by itself. I shivered and walked across the room to another door. I opened it and stepped inside.
“Ryah,” I said, closing the door and locking it, knowing full well that it wouldn’t keep any vampires out. “Loria says get ready to do some telekinesissing." I went to stand beside Alyssa who was standing in front of Brianna in a defensive stance.
“Oh, man, I am dead meat,” said Ryah.
“We’re all dead meat,” Abby Muttered, glancing nervously at the door.
“Um… how is this place safe?” I asked. “I see no steel or metal anywhere.”
“No clue,” Kara said, pulling out a taser.
“Hey, you know that’s not going to work.”
“At least it gives us a few seconds to try to run,” she said, laughing.
“True that.” I was going to say something else but all thoughts disappeared as a wave of what felt like ice cold water filled my stomach. I gasped and doubled over.
“Peyton?” Kara asked in concern.
“They’re here,” I choked out.
“Oh. Shit,” Ryah gasped. And the lights. Went out.

RYAH

I screamed, loud, and shrilling. I sucked in huge amount of air and doubled over, pushing at my stomach. I glanced around me and cursed. I couldn’t see anything. I straightened up and walked forward, into Alyssa and Brianna. Alyssa squeaked. “Sorry,” I whispered. I carefully went around them and found the wall. My skin crawled. It was quiet, way too quiet. I gulped as I found the door. It was opened. Someone was in the room with us. I snatched my hand back as a tingling sensation in my hand grew. I sniffed and smelled the coppery scent of blood. One of the vampires was down here, or maybe all of them were. Nearby, Peyton whimpered and groaned. I flattened myself against the wall. Someone was in front of me. “Don’t. Move,” Elijah softly hissed. “Don’t scream. Don’t run.” My breathing sped up. The pounding of my heart was loud in my ears. “Kara,” he whispered. “Drop the taser.” Kara whimpered, and I heard the taser hit the floor. I squeaked as a hand landed on my shoulder. I was frozen to the spot as whoever was in front of me came closer. He touched the chain of my locket. I shivered at the cool contact. The hand on my shoulder slid down to grip my arm and pulled me into an embrace.
“Don’t kill her,” Loria hissed. I gulped and whipped my head to the sound of growling, and someone screamed, and then I felt two needles stabbed into my neck. White hot pain exploded in my head. In the distance, I could hear myself screaming. When I couldn’t scream anymore, I simply choked on air, and I was getting weaker, fast. Just as I was about to fall into consciousness, Loria growled. “That’s enough!” I felt his fangs tore at my neck, a second of cold air, and then a hand over my wound. I felt a breeze on my other side and someone loosening the hold on me. Loria, I think it was grabbed me and pulled me sharply away. She removed her hand and licked my wound shut. The lights came back on, and Elijah snarled, his hands flew up to cover his eyes. Across the room, Tristan hissed and did the same. Avery and Taylor groaned and squeezed their eyes shut. I slowly turned to look out the door. The rest of the vampires were there, blocking the doorway. They were all covered in blood. I glanced back at Elijah who still had his hands over his eyes. I looked at Peyton who was passed out and being held up by Holly. A pale hand grabbed her wrist, and I looked around to see who it was. Of course, it was Elijah, the closest vampire to her. He bared his fangs at me. Loria gently lowered me to the floor. Elijah snarled at her and she backed away from me and out the room.
“Stay where you are,” he hissed at me. “Or I’ll drain you this time.” I squeaked and watched as he turned back to Peyton and tore at her wrist. I quickly turned my head away, and the room spun, and I was out.
I woke up to silence. With my eyes still closed, I let my other senses tell me where I was. I was on a bed, or it felt like it at least. The tingling sensation wasn’t as bad as earlier. It also meant a vampire was in the room with me. I took a deep breath and slowly open my eyes. It was dark. I gulped. How long had I been out? Probably for hours if not waking up feeling like shit is anything to go by. I slowly sat up and got out of bed. I rubbed my arm as I felt someone standing in front of me. I put my hand out and connected against a cool hand. I tried to jerk my hand away, but the cool hand tightened around mine. I swallowed hard. I heard the door opened and another vampire stood in the doorway. “Isabelle,” Tristan hissed. My hand twitched involuntarily in his. Argh, I should’ve known.
“Tristan,” Isabelle said, sounding a little afraid. I whimpered as a cold breezed washed into my hand and up my arm. Tristan let go of me. I snatched it back, and I clutched it in my other hand, trying to stop it from trembling. Isabelle glanced over at me. She cleared her throat. “How are you feeling?” she asked me.
“Surprisingly good,” I mumbled.
“You’ve been out for eight hours.” I blinked. Wow, that long? She smirked. Tristan gently pushed me toward the door. I took another deep breath and walked with Isabelle to the living room.
“Oh, look who’s awake,” Loria said from her position against the wall. I went to the couch and plopped myself down. Tristan came out a minute later, his eyes darted to the window where sunlight was streaming through, and then to Loria, Isabelle, and then to me. Kallie came in and handed me orange juice. She glanced over at Tristan who was blinking rapidly. He turned his attention on her. She stiffened.
“If memory serves, you must be Kallie,” he said. She nodded. He rubbed his eyes. “If you could be a sweetheart and close the curtains, I would really appreciate it.”
“Sorry,” Kallie squeaked and walked toward the window, closing the heavy curtains. I stared at the carton of orange juice in my hands and ripped the straw wrapper open, pulling it out and stabbing it into the carton. Sipping at my drink, I watched Tristan watching me. He smirked and crossed the room to where Kallie was, still standing by the window. He touched her arm and she gasped, turning around to face him. He whispered something to her. She relaxed and left the living room.
“Um, am I the only one here?” I asked no one in particular. Isabelle frowned at me.
“Yes, you are,” Tristan said, walking over to me. I huffed. “Apparently,” he said, pulling the empty carton out of my hands. “Alyssa and Peyton has parents who will go ape shit if they’re missing for a day.” I glanced around the living room and frowned.
“Where are the other vampires?”
“They’re around.”
“Most of them are out on the front porch,” said Loria. I nodded. “Anything you like to do? I’m sure sitting here is boring as hell.”
“Um, got Rock Band or a guitar?”
“You play guitar?” Isabelle asked.
“Yeah, not so great at it though.”
“Hmm, you and Tristan could have a jamming session.” She laughed. “That’d be some good music right there.”
I chuckled. “If only I had my own guitar.”
“Oh, um, well no wonder.” She looked at Tristan. “May I run over and grab it?” I looked up at him, hopefully. He stared at me for a very long time and nodded. He bent down and leaned into me. I jerked away from him. He put his hands on my shoulders and sniffed me.
“I didn’t get a chance to taste you,” he whispered. I gasped as he pricked my neck with his fangs. He licked the blood up and let go of me. I rubbed my neck and glared at him. He laughed and went to the door.
“So, it was Elijah who bit me?” I asked.
He smiled. “Yes, it was,” he said and stepped out before I could ask him about anything else. I grumbled and leaned back on the couch, staring at the ceiling.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifteen

TRISTAN

All eyes locked on me, the moment I stepped out and closed the door behind me. I ignored the questioning looks and focused on one out of the group. “Jade,” I hissed. “Come.” I walked to the other side and opened the door and went downstairs, not checking to see if she was following or not, because I knew she would. I led her around the corner, stopping at the barred door. I put a hand on the cold steel lock and unlocked it with a mental command. Pushing the door opened, I stepped inside, ignoring the suffocating odor of old blood. In the corner of the cell-like room, Jace was cringing in terror. I glanced at the door and willed it shut. Jade was shaking her head in discuss. I flashed over to Jace and bared my fangs at him. “You’re not so much going to bite me again, are you?” I asked. I reached out and stroked his cheek. “I didn’t forget about you. It would take a lot to make me forget.” He whimpered. I gestured to Jade. She flashed to my side. “This is Jade.” I tilted his head up to look at me. “I see that you’re starving. It’s a bitch when you can’t have what you want, isn’t it?” He swallowed hard. I smiled. “It’s too bad,” I whispered. He snarled but didn’t make a move. “Tell me where Evan is,” I softly growled. I wrapped my hands around his throat and pulled him up. “Tell me.”
He gulped. “I don’t know,” he rasped out.
I slammed him against the wall and held him. “I should just kill you,” I growled. “But, before I do?” I dove into his mind and images and colors flashed into my own mind. In the far distance, Jace was shrieking and fighting uselessly. I took a hold of his mind and held it in a death grip. I dug deeper into his head, taking in all the info. I cursed and slipped out while still having a tight hold of his mind. I smirked and snapped his neck, dropping him to the floor. Jade gave me a questioning look. “Don’t.” She frowned and nodded. I punched through his chest and pulled out the heart, dropping it to the floor. Jade stared at me in amusement. She was wondering why I didn’t drain him. I laughed and mentally snarled at Loria. I gestured for Jade to follow, and we flashed outside. “Come here.” She came closer and I pulled her into an embrace.
“I’m never going to get use to this,” she said and gasped as I sank my fangs in her. I took in a mouthful of warm sweet blood and withdrew my fangs, letting her go. “What are we doing?”
“We’re going to drop a friend of mine a visit, and you’re coming along.”
“Who?”
“Drizella.”
“Oh, her.” She nodded and glanced past me to the door.
“Tristan?” Loria said from behind me. I reached back and pulled her so that she was standing beside Jade. I stepped away from them both.
“Loria?” I growled. She stiffened. “Did you ever get a chance to take a look at that paper I gave you?” She nodded. I smirked. “Good, I’ll meet you there.” I grabbed Jade and everything went black as I teleported back to the hotel. She took in a shuddering breath as I let her go. “Stay here,” I hissed. She leaned against the brick wall and stared at me. I sighed and pulled the door open. “I want you to scour the area with Loria,” I softly hissed and stepped inside. I let the door shut behind me and walked to the receptionist. He stared at me suspiciously as I went around the desk, stopping in front of him.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
I smiled. “Yes, you can.” I stepped in closer and put my hands on his shoulders as he backed away.
“Sir, you, you need to leave.”
“No,” I leaned in and inhaled his scent. Fear poured off him in waves. “I need you to turn off. All, the cameras.”
“No.” He shoved at me. “You need to go, or I’m calling the police.”
I grazed his neck with my fangs. He stiffened. “No, turn off the cameras, or I kill you and I’ll kill every single human in this hotel,” I hissed.
“Okay, okay,” he said quickly. “I’ll turn it off.”
“Great.” I straightened and moved away as he stood up quickly and pressed the button to shut off the cameras. “Now.” I let the compulsion washed over him. His eyes went unfocused and stared at me blankly. “You will go about your business.” I touched the side of his neck. “When you wake up, you won’t remember seeing me. Sweet dreams,” I whispered and put him to sleep. I sat him down in his chair and he slumped forward, his head hitting the desk. I sighed, and god help me, I wanted to drain him. I swallowed hard and tore my eyes away from him and headed for the elevator. Stepping out, I walked to the end of the hall, stopping just before brushing the cold breeze in front of me. “How long have you been standing here?”
“Does that really matter?” I took in a sharp breath as the suffocating feeling of darkness closed around me. It was one thing to surround someone with shadows, but it was another thing when you’re on the receiving end of it all. “Sucks, doesn’t it?” Elijah passed me and walked back down the hall. I had no choice but to follow as the shadows pulled at me. We stopped at room 323. I unlocked the door and we stepped inside. Drizella was asleep. Huh. I softly closed the door and walked over to the bed. Behind me Elijah growled, and I felt the darkness being pulled back. He pulled the blanket off of her and she woke up, immediately going on the defense.
“Nice to see you again,” I whispered.
“Tristan,” she gasped, quickly backing away until she couldn’t go any farther.
“Where’s Evan?”
“I, I. I don’t know.” I stiffened as Elijah’s energy exploded from him. I let go of mine and gritted my teeth as pain shot throughout my whole body. Drizella jumped out of bed and to the other side of the room. I mentally grabbed her and pushed her to the floor.
“Where is he?” Elijah hissed. He glanced at me. “I was having a little fun in her head. She knows.”
“Oh really?”
“I just want to hear her say it,” he softly growled. I smirked and applied more pressure on the back of her head. She groaned.
“I can keep this up all day, sweetheart,” I said, increasing the pain little by little. “So. If you want your brain intact. You will tell me where Evan is, or you become an extra decoration for these walls.”
She gulped. “He’s on the other side of town,” she spat out.
“Where?” She moaned and clutched her head. “Let me go. Please.” Elijah’s hand shot out and had my arm in a painful grip, but it was too late as my energy hit Drizella full force. She gave out a bloodcurdling scream. My ears throbbed and my vision went red.
“Damn,” Elijah said tightly and let go of me.
“Don’t let anyone out,” I growled.
“Jade and Loria are on it,” he said, breathing a little too hard. Hell, I was too. Drizella, still shrieking, was now bleeding freely from her eyes, nose, and mouth. “If you keep this up, I’m going to take her,” he growled. I glanced at him. He snarled at me. I closed my eyes and breathed in and out slowly. I took in a sharp breath as I felt Elijah’s fangs in my neck and my hold on Drizella waning. I cursed and finally let her go. He withdrew his fangs from me and I pushed him away. “You’re welcome,” he muttered. I looked at Drizella who was lying in a pool of her own blood, no longer screaming but groaning. Outside in the hall, people were running all over the place.
“Uh… didn’t planned for that to happened,” I muttered.
He laughed. “I know you didn’t, and now we got a hundred humans to deal with.” He smirked. “Next time, I’ll be faster, my thoughts were elsewhere. You totally understand, don’t you?”
“Yeah, yeah,” I muttered, and I really did understand where he was coming from. Kind of hard to focus when you’re dying for blood and blood was all you could smell. Elijah growled and plopped himself on the bed. Trying my best to ignore the blood, I walked to Drizella and pulled her up. She squeaked and tried to pull away. “Let’s try this again.” I slammed her against the wall. “Where is Evan? Tell me, or we’ll bleed you.”
“432 Loral Avenue,” she gasped.
“That wasn’t so hard, was it?” I released her and she automatically dropped to the floor.
“Evan is mine,” Elijah said, getting up. He flashed to the door and opened it. “Anything to say?”
I cursed. “No.”
“Good,” he said and walked out, the door slamming shut behind him. I glanced down at Drizella. She swallowed hard and crawled away from me. I smirked and walked around the pool of blood. I pulled her up.
“What are you going to do?” she whimpered. I tore my wrist opened and pressed it to her mouth. She jerked, and I pulled her to me, my eyes bored into hers.
“Drink,” I hissed. She sank her fangs into my wrist, puncturing the healed skin. “Enough,” I said after a few seconds, and she withdrew her fangs. “You will stay here.” I pointed to the floor. “You will get that cleaned up.” I released her and she shoved at me hard. I held on tighter. “The next time we meet? You better have some info on where Aiden is, or die.” I leaned in. “And it won’t be a peaceful one,” I whispered and pushed her away from me. “Keep that in mind.” I flashed to the door and pulled it open. Stepping out, I noticed the crowd gathered in the hallway. I sighed as they bombarded me with questions and accusations. I pushed my way through the crowd and down the stairs. Loria gave me a nervous look before flashing passed me. I went down another flight of stairs to the lobby. Jade stood in the doorway that led outside. Looking past her to the parking lot, people were calmly getting in their cars and pulling away. “How long have you been at this?” I asked. She ignored me and continued to stare at the crowd outside. I leaned against a pillar and watched as the crowd slowly thin out. When it was finally emptied of humans, she turned to look at me.
“Half an hour,” said Jade.
“Didn’t I say not to let anyone out?”
“Yeah, but we can’t have the police over here.”
“I know.”
She shifted nervously. “Uh… they were already—”
“Enough. Where are the staffs?”
She gulped. “On the third floor.”
“All of them?”
“I, I don’t know.”
I narrowed my eyes at her. “Call them down here.”
“Now?”
“Yes. Now.” She sighed and turned away from me and ran upstairs.
“Humans. They run scared at the sound of someone being killed.”
I smirked. “To be fair, you had five thousand years perfecting on hiding your emotions, and I thought you were going to find Evan?”
“I decided to stay and watch how all this will unfold.”
“Of course.” Elijah stepped into the light and came toward me. “Nobody else came in?”
“No,” he said, looking out the door. I turned my attention to the stairs as Jade and a handful of humans came down. Elijah turned and stared hungrily at them all.
“Don’t,” I said quickly. “We have enough to deal with already. I gave Jade one of my death stare.
“Sorry,” she muttered. “I, I ah… took care of it.” I glanced at Elijah.
He nodded. “She did,” he said tightly.
I sighed. “Okay then. Tell them to get a move on.” Jade nodded. I pushed opened the door and went outside.
“You should keep that switch of yours on at all time instead of trying to, you know, not listen in. You get use to it after a while,” said Elijah. “But then again the only difference between you and me? You care about their privacy, and I don’t.” He laughed. “A father coming up with many different ways to get his—“
“Okay, okay, don’t want to know,” I said loudly. “That right there is the reason why I try to keep voices out of my head.”
“Is it?”
“Oh, just. Shut up.”
He chuckled. “Where are you headed?”
“Nowhere important,” I muttered.
“Hmm, sure.” I looked around me and realized that I was several blocks away from the hotel. “You’re losing it brother.” I growled. “If you ask me, I think we’re headed to the middle of nowhere.” He grabbed the back of my shirt and pulled me to a stop.
“What?” I said a little annoyed. Before he could answer, the sound of siren close by blared. I hissed and my hands automatically flew up to cover my ears. I took in a deep breath and wished I didn’t as the scent of blood in the patrol car reached me. Elijah growled and still having a hold of me, teleported both of us back to headquarter.
“Ugh. I hate it when you do that,” Gabriella said, taking a few steps away from us. Elijah let go of me and reached for her. Before she could make a sound, he silenced her.
I growled at him. “If you’re going to bleed her, don’t do it in front of me.”
He smirked. “Of course not.” In one quick move, he sank his fangs deep in her. I cursed and blast him and flashed inside. I leaned against the outside door, trying to slow my breathing. I rubbed my eyes and took in my surroundings. Isabelle was watching me closely. I huffed. I so didn’t blame her. She walked over to me and inclined her head. I glared at her.
“Bite me,” said Isabelle. I didn’t give her a chance to change her mind. I knocked her to the floor and she gave out a small scream as my fangs pierced her neck. “Stop,” she said after I got a few mouthfuls in me. I tightened my hold and kept on drinking. “I said stop,” she groaned. “You’ve taken enough.” Gathering myself, I withdrew my fangs and forced myself off her. She flashed to her feet and grabbing me, she pulled me farther inside. I let her drag me into the infirmary. She pulled the refrigerator door open, and I groaned at the sight of blood. She took one and let go of me. “Better than nothing,” she said when I didn’t make a move to take one. “Here,” she took out another bag and ripped it open. “I’ll warm it up for you.” I didn’t make a move or say anything as she crossed the room. “You’re so difficult,” she muttered. I couldn’t help it but give a little smirk. She came back to me and forced the hot cup of blood in my hand. I sighed with annoyance and drank it. She smiled. “Good, you look… much better?” She frowned. “Okay, not really, but at least you won’t go on a murdering spree.”
“Oh god, did you say murdering spree?” I turned my head to the sound of the voice. Peyton was standing in the doorway, and Ryah was right behind her.
“I did,” said Isabelle.
“You know there’s a little bit of blood on your neck?” Isabelle nodded. Peyton laughed. “Just making sure.”
“So, how can we help you?” Isabelle asked.
“Uh, just wanted to see what was going on is all.” In the distance, I could see Christian making his way down the hall. He came to a stop beside Ryah. Peyton narrowed her eyes at me.
“What?” I asked.
“Don’t do that mind-to-mind thing with him. It freaks him out.”
I smirked. “It was only a onetime thing. Just wanted a test subject, won’t happen again. I’ll stick to sign language.”
“Okay, sounds good to me too.”
“I hope he can read lips, because I don’t know a thing about sign language,” said Isabelle.
“Yeah, he can read lips too.” I walked toward Peyton and she quickly moved out of my way. I headed back outside. Gabriella was leaning against the gate, a little too pale looking. I walked toward her. She cringed. I smiled and open the gate and stepped through.


* * * * * *



Chapter Sixteen

PEYTON

Isabelle frowned and slammed the refrigerator shut which was beeping every ten seconds to warn of temperature dropping. She turned back to the door and blinked in surprise. “Don’t tell me,” I said and turned around. Yep, another vampire was standing there. I didn’t know this one as well as the others. What was his name again? I sighed and took my chances. I looked up and stare into his eyes, expecting to see it pitch black with thirst, but nope, I saw a bit of red in it. I also realized that Ryah was no longer standing there. How long had she been gone?
“What are you doing here?” I turned back to Isabelle who was glaring at him.
“Skip the greeting and on with the questions,” he drawled. “Don’t worry. I have as much access to this place as much as you do.”
She huffed. “I don’t remember you being here.”
“This is my second time here, and you, on the other hand, first timer?” He passed me into the room and walked over to her. “I only came here to check out the place and… meet these… lovely kids. Are you in the position to grant me that?”
“Er… no?”
He smiled. “I thought so.” He reached past her and opened the refrigerator, taking out a blood bag. He stepped into another room, and I could hear him going through some stuff.
“You guys can go have a seat out in the living room,” said Isabelle. “We’ll join you there.” I nodded and poked my brother and pointed. He nodded and we slowly made our way back to the couch. Ryah was softly plucking away on the guitar. She clearly was trying to listen in. I sat myself down on the floor.
“What you playing?” I asked.
“No idea,” said Ryah.
“Hmm, know how to play Sweet Home Alabama?”
“No way, I’m not that good at guitar.”
I laughed. “Be awesome if you did.”
“Yeah.” She gently put the guitar down and leaned it against the couch. “Who’s the vampire? I saw him walk in a few minutes ago.”
“Didn’t he say anything to you?”
She shook her head. “He just looked at me for a second and then went to see you guys.”
“I ah… forgot his name,” I said, my face getting a little too hot for my liking.
Ryah laughed. “You didn’t bother to ask him?”
“No, I was too busy wondering if he was going to bite me or not.”
“If he flashes his fangs at you, that’s a signal for you to run.”
“Easy for you to say,” I muttered. She looked at my brother and waved to him. How are you? She signed. I am great. How about you? He signed back to her. I watched as they signed back and forth to each other. They stopped abruptly as Isabelle and nameless came in. Ryah leaned back and folded her arms. Christian backed away from both of the vampires, watching them intently.
“Uh…” Isabelle turned to look at me and then to my brother. “This is Trent,” she finally said. “Trent, this is Ryah, Peyton, and…” She frowned at my brother. “Christian.” Christian shuddered. Stop that. He signed. Isabelle laughed. “Sorry.”
“Um, nice to meet you Trent,” I said.
He smiled. “Nice to meet you too… What’s your name again?”
“Uh, you know my name.”
He laughed. “Yes Peyton, I do.” He came over to me. I stiffened. He bent down and whispered in my ear. “If you forget my name again, I’m going to have to bite you.” I squeaked and scooted away from him.
“What?” Ryah asked. Trent sniffed and straightened.
“He was threatening me,” I said.
“I so was not,” said Trent.
“Yeah, you were.”
He turned to stare at me. “Whatever you say,” he whispered. He waited for me to say something else and when I didn’t, he turned and walked toward the door. “I wonder who this could be,” he said, opening it. Jane and Alyssa stood in the doorway. Ryah and I got up and walked toward them. Jane stared up at Trent and backed away from him. Suddenly Isabelle was there. I breathed deeply in and out as Trent’s hunger rose. Alyssa grabbed Jane and pulled her farther away. I heard the outer two doors crashed open and Elijah, Tristan, and Taylor came in.
“Hmm, what do we have here?” said Elijah. He looked at Trent and then to Jane.
“Trent,” Tristan hissed. Trent stiffened and turned his attention on him. “Come here.” Tristan narrowed his eyes on him when he didn’t move. Isabelle prodded him in the back to get him moving. I turned to look at Ryah as she constantly poked me in the side. She pointed out the door. I frowned at her. Tristan wants you both out there. I gave out a little squeak as I heard Isabelle’s voice inside my head. Ryah and I carefully stepped in front of Trent and slowly through the door. Alyssa and Jane followed us over to where Tristan was standing. Trent?” Tristan warned. I shivered as Trent got closer. Being surrounded by vampires on all side was so not good. Tristan turned and step back outside. All the doors slammed shut behind us as we made our way to the back. I turned to survey my surrounding and realized that Isabelle and Christian also followed us out. Tristan sniffed the air and stiffened. Wincing, I looked around again. All the vampires were on high alert. Uh oh, what was going on now? “Isabelle, get them back inside now,” he snarled. The backdoor flew open and I ran inside.
“Downstairs,” said Isabelle. Once we were downstairs, the door slammed shut, locking me, Christian, Jane, Alyssa, and Ryah in.

TRISTAN

Launching myself into the sky, I sped to the acrid smell of smoke, burning flesh, and blood. I landed beside James and winced. On the ground, looking like hell was Trynnadon. He was unconscious and covered in blood, and horribly burnt. Oh boy, another fun night. “Talk,” I growled as the cold breeze that was radiating off of me grew stronger. James gulped and stepped away from me.
“We were hot on Evan’s trail when the explosion went off,” said Eric. “We saw Evan a split second before he threw it.” Energy surged through me. I stiffened and held back a snarl. It took all I had to keep my energy from exploding out of me.
“Where’s Avery?” I asked tightly.
“He went after him.” Behind me, Elijah snarled and with a blast of freezing wind, he teleported. I’ll keep you up to date. Elijah growled in my head. Heal him. I snarled, and the world went red. “Well, what are you waiting on?” I snapped. They all moved into action as I broke from the group. I pulled Taylor away with me. She put a hand on my arm and we both winced as her energy shot from her hand into me. A calm feeling washed over me and I relaxed slightly as the stabbing hunger eased up a bit. Isabelle and Trent stood a few yards away, watching us closely. We waited a few minutes before following the rest inside and into the infirmary. Trynnadon lay naked on the bed with the restraints holding him down. “Everybody out except for my sister,” I ordered.
“But—“
“Now!” I yelled. They all flashed past me. Eric gave me one nervous look before closing the door. “Son of a bitch,” I snarled. I groaned and stalked over to the bed, Taylor right behind me. I sighed and let the tingling sensation in my hands grow. “Tryn? It’s time to wake up.”
“Um… I don’t think that’s a great idea,” Taylor muttered under her breath. I rested a hand on Trynnadon’s chest. “I’ll get the cold water going,” she said and disappeared into the next room. With my other hand, I remove the restraints and lifted him out of bed and cross the room. I gently placed him into the tub as it filled up with water. “That looks painful.” She sighed. “He’s in for a rough night.” She pulled out a small towel and soaked it. “I’ll clean him up.” I stepped away from the tub and leaned against the door. After a few minutes into it, I hissed and pulled her back. She gasped as Trynnadon’s scream filled the room. Water flew everywhere as he bolted upright. I snarled and crashed into him, sending even more water spilling out of the tub.
“Guard the door,” I hissed at Taylor. “Make sure no one gets in or out.” I groaned as Trynnadon’s pain and rage poured into me. I slap both hands over his chest and held him in place. He coughed and I closed my eyes just in time as blood hit me full in the face. I cursed and wash away the blood. I growled and stared deeply into his eyes. Taking a hold of his mind, I let the compulsion roll over him. “Stop screaming,” I said tightly. He gave a painful swallow and stopped screaming. “You’re not going to attack me when I let you go.” I released him and rolled out of the tub. I got up and studied him carefully. “Are you with me?” I asked. “Or are you still somewhere else?” He groaned and hissed at me. I bent down and put him into a sitting position. I pulled the drain and prodded one of the multiple wounds. He hissed and bared his fangs. “At least you’re healing,” I growled at him. “Although not as fast as I like it to be. Can you sit up on your own?” I heard a gurgling sound as he took in a breath. I grumbled and removed my hand. “Cough it all up. Get it all out of your system.” I straightened and walked to the door. Behind me, Trynnadon growled and coughed up more blood. I looked over at Taylor who was standing stiffly beside the door that led out of the infirmary. “Who’s standing behind the door?” I asked and sniffed. “Let her in.” She opened the door and let Alyssa in. I spun around as Trynnadon growled. He was up and looking past me. Another knock on the door and a bag was tossed at me. I caught it.
“His clothes,” said Adalyn. “How is he?”
“He’s wonderful,” I drawled.
She snorted. “Good to hear.”
“Trynnadon!” I growled. He slowly turned his head to look at me. I flashed in front of him. “Bite me, right now.” I willed the door shut and locked it. “And you’re not leaving until I say so.” I threw the bag onto the sink just as he made a grab for me. He gave out a painful scream and sank his fangs in my neck, drinking deeply. I smirked as his skin started to heal even faster. After a few long minute, I wrapped a hand around his throat and squeeze slightly. “Enough.” He growled. “I said enough,” I hissed, applying a little more pressure to his throat. He reluctantly withdrew and I backed away from him. I looked him up and down and nodded. “Wow,” I muttered. “You owe me. I turned to the door. “I swear if you spill my secret. I’ll kill you myself.” I huffed. “I’ll leave you alone now.” I walked over and open the door. I turned to look back at him. “You’re nice and pink by the way.” I laughed and closed the door, but not before he flipped me off. I heard the water turned on again as I made my way to where Taylor, Adalyn, and Alyssa were standing.
“Impressive,” said Adalyn.
Taylor laughed. “So, you healed someone, and I poisoned someone. Shouldn’t it be the other way around?”
I shrugged, my wet clothes clinging to me like a second skin. “I didn’t fully heal him.”
“Yeah, but I can no longer see any open wounds on him anywhere. He’s nice and pinkish.”
I smirked and glanced down at Alyssa. “And what are you doing here?” I asked her.
“Er… nothing,” she said.
“Hmm.” What came out of her mouth was so not what was swirling inside her head. Worry and understandably fear betrayed the cool and calm demeanor that she was displaying. “He will be fine,” I said.
“He’s right,” said Taylor. “If he fed off a human and not Tristan, he would still be in bad condition, but,” she threw me a dirty look. I shrugged. “Since he didn’t fully heal him, he’ll still be in pain and who knows what else.” Alyssa gulped and glanced over to the bathroom. “You know, if you got your ice power down, you could try to trap him.”
“I wouldn’t do such a thing even if I can form an ice prison,” said Alyssa.
“Really?” I said softly. “Fear trumps almost everything.” I ducked as several icicles came toward me.
She smirked. “I was looking for someone to test that on.”
“You’ve been practicing,” I drawled.
“Yep, to the point of nose bleeds.” I brushed the icicles off of me and straightened. “I had to reassure my mother that there was nothing wrong with me.”
“Mmm.” The bathroom door opened and Alyssa darted out the door. I willed the door shut behind her and pegged Trynnadon with a hard stare.
“Give me some credit,” he rasped out.
“You can finally talk now?” Trynnadon growled low in his throat and wincing slightly; he went to the fridge and snagged a couple of blood bags. He groaned and disappeared into another room. Adalyn shrugged and pulled the door open and stepped through it. I sighed and willed the door opened again. Watch him. I mentally hissed at Taylor and flashed out the door.
Outside, the cool night air was a nice welcome to my clouded thoughts. I walked over to my car and pop the trunk opened, for the moment ignoring the muttered conversation between Gabriella and Warren. I dug through one of the bags and pulled out clean clothes. I slammed the trunk shut and flashed back inside and into the bathroom. Not bothering to turn on the light and setting the clothes down, I stripped and quickly wash up. The feeling of being followed and a quick sniff of the air told me that Trent was standing outside the door, and the fact that a flicker of his thoughts every now and then was also giving him away. I shut off the water and stepped out. I quickly dressed and picking up my bloody clothes, I opened the door. Loria who was passing by, snatched it out of my hands, and flashed away, growling softly under her breath. I grunted. Looks like I wasn’t the only one losing it. I walked off, gesturing to Trent to follow. I went back outside, where there were fewer humans to swamp me with their delicious blood pumping through their veins. Thanks to Taylor that I didn’t snatch one of them outside with me. Gabriella halted in her tracks as I breezed by her. When I was far enough away from the two humans outside without actually leaving the place, I turned to face Trent. I shoved my hands in my pockets and let the silence hung heavily in the air, his hunger grading on my every nerves, and to add to it all. I could feel Taylor’s hold on me lessening. Trent blew out a breath and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a piece of paper and held it out to me. I stared at it for a long second and reluctantly took it from him. I glanced down at the four words on the paper. I returned my attention back on Trent. He cleared his throat as I silently handed the note back to him. “I founded at the explosion site,” he said, taking it from me.
“Where’s your partner,” I asked ominously. He gulped and took a step away from me.
“He ah…” He glanced around nervously. “I ah… I told him to do some reconnaissance.”
“Not alone?”
He shook his head. “Ari and Jade are with him.”
“Mmm.” I inhaled a lungful of air and let it out slowly. “On that note. I want you to join them,” I said softly. He nodded. “And Trent?” He stiffened. “How many times have I told you?” I growled low in my throat. He took another step away. “You do not need my permission to feed,” I snarled. “I am not your fucking master,” I hissed. “Never was, never will be.” I took in a deep breath to keep from grabbing him, slamming him to the pavement, and knocking the shit out of him senselessly. “Just because you work for me and do what I say, I expect you and the others to do whatever you want whenever you want and without question. That term is solely meant for slavery in my book, and I swear to god, if I ever,” I ground out. “Hear you or anyone else call me master, or if I find that word inside yours or any others god forsaken thoughts again, I will put a stake in you, and don’t you dare think that I wouldn’t.” I breathed in and out slowly and rubbed my eyes. “Pass it on,” I muttered. “Now leave,” I said. “Your stupidity is hurting my head,” I growled and without a word, he ran off. I cursed and couldn’t believe I just had to say all that. For god sake, it’s not fucking fifteenth century anymore. I coughed and spun around. Taking another gulp of the air, I started back to the front gate. Gabriella stiffened as I approached her, her fear hitting me upside the head. I growled as the last thread of sanity threatened to leave me. Trynnadon must have taken a lot more than I thought. Thank you Taylor, thank you. Unfortunately, holding my hunger at bay also meant I couldn’t tell when I’m about to lose it, and Gabriella shrieked as I grabbed her. The air was all of a sudden rippling around me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seventeen

Gasps and groans of pain registered in my subconsciousness, while the shrieking human writhed beneath me. I hissed and tore open her throat. “Oh my fucking god! He’s going to kill her!” Growling, I took in the warm sweet blood and hissed as I felt something cold and metal on the back of my neck. I gulped down more blood. Oh hell, they were going to decapitate me. “Call Elijah here now!” Taylor’s voice semi-registering in my mind, she pressed the sharp metal deeper in my neck. “Tristan!” Gabriella went limp under me and for the life of me I couldn’t get myself to release her. “Tristan, you motherfucker, you’re going to kill her!” I growled and snarled as pain lanced through me in hot agonizing waves. I coughed and choked as cold hands tightened around my neck and squeezed. “Pull him off of her!” I released my energy and Elijah snarled as we fought for control. The pain increased dramatically and I screamed while at the same time realizing I was airborne. Slowly, sense of control returned to me, but he still had a death grip on me as he flew over the town, going to wherever he was taking me. I snarled and mentally hit him. He snarled in my ear and tightened his grip, completely cutting off my airway.
“Don’t, you son of a bitch,” he growled. He took in a deep breath, and my head exploded as he broke down all of my barriers. Dizziness washed over me as the last ounce of my energy went away. “Sorry,” he said tightly. Panting, he pressed something cold and metal against my side. “When I release you, you’re going to lose it again.” He jabbed me and I jerked. “No destruction for you tonight.” I mentally snarled at him. “Oh, none of that now.” Where the fuck are you taking me? I mentally growled at him. “I’m taking you to my place. You need a fucking breather, and don’t you fucking fight me on this.” I growled low in my throat. A glint of silver flashed in front of my eyes as he quickly switched his hold on me. I didn’t even have a second to take in air even though I didn’t need to. We touched ground and I heard the door crashing open. He forced me inside and down the hall and down the stairs. Cold freezing ass air hit me as he willed the two steel doors opened. He pushed me to the stone floor as the doors automatically slammed shut and locked. He stood over me and stared down at me, scrutinizing me. He cursed. “Damn.”
“Fuck off,” I growled. He flipped the custom-made blade into the air and caught it. “Are you going to kill me with that?” I drawled.
He laughed. “This? You and I both know very well that this doesn’t kill. It only…” The blade flashed and I screamed as pain gripped my stomach. “Applies pain.” I gasped as he pulled it out. “Hmm, what’s your weakest spot?”
“Fuck you,” I gasped.
“I’m great creating weapons against ourselves.” He smirked. “Too bad the others don’t know about it.”
“They probably do now, since Taylor pulled it out,” I said, still gasping.
“Mmm, I can always silence them if they spill a word.” He inclined his head. “You seem to get blood on you every half hour or so these days. Why is that? Before you know it, you’re not going to have anymore clothes to wear.”
“Because stupid vampires don’t know how to get out of my way.”
He laughed. “Of course,” he drawled. My vision went red once again and Elijah hissed. “Oh, no you’re not.” Once again, the knife arc downward and plunged into my stomach. I screamed. “Stay with me,” he said and pulled it out. I jerked into a sitting position and backed away from the whirling blade. “To be fair, I’ll let you stab me when I’m in your place, but for the time being?” He threw the knife and I had to use all my strength to dodge it. “You’re no fun,” he grumbled. It flew back into his hand, and I watched as it flipped over and over again. “I have a couple of bagged blood left. Would you like some?”
“Fine, if only to keep you from dicing me into pieces,” I rasped out.
“Fair enough,” he said and he teleported out of the room instead of using the door, that asshole. He was back in the room a few minutes later. He tossed two bags of blood at me. “Drink up, slowly.” I snarled and ripped one of the bags open. “Go easy on it.” I grunted and forced myself to take in sips rather than gulps. It was cold, but at this point, I didn’t give a shit if it was cold, or hot, or frozen. Okay, maybe not frozen. Elijah sighed and leaned against the cold stone wall. His phone buzzed and he pulled it out. He glanced at it and smirked. “You didn’t kill the poor girl after all. Any orders?” I rolled my eyes at him. He chuckled. The phone buzzed again. “She won’t remember a thing, but seeing you and opening the gate to let you out. Would you like me to thank Taylor for you?” he asked while tapping away on the screen. “Yes? Okay then, it’s done.” I glared at him. He put his phone back in his pocket and folded his arms. “You know, I thought Trynnadon was going to fight you for the girl.” I blinked. He laughed. “He looks a hell of a lot better I can say. Why didn’t you heal him fully though?” I gave him the, are you serious look which made him laugh even more. “I could have sworn I saw a big ass fridge filled with blood? Or was I just hallucinating?” I grunted and ripped open the second bag of blood. “You know, it’s not that bad if you’re really thirsty.” Okay yeah, he did have a point. My vision dimmed and a sharp sting on my neck made me jerked back. Elijah was no longer leaning against the wall. He had the point of the blade where my neck was a second ago. “Nice to have you back again.”
“Fuck,” I muttered.
“Just a little tidbit, that’s the last bag.”
“Wonderful.”
“Mmm, I can hardly wait for you to lose it again,” he sarcastically said, bringing the knife closer to me.
“You’re seriously going to give me a hell of a good time aren’t you?”
He smiled evilly. “Where’s the fun if I don’t? Besides,” An invisible rope closed around my neck. “I still haven’t release you yet.” I growled at him. “I know I know. It sucks to be on the receiving end of a power meltdown.” A tingling sensation surged through me and then a jolt of electricity along with pain hit me, adding to my various degree of pain I already was in. I held back a snarl as Elijah blocked me. “Give it up brother. I rather not have you kill me. Especially not by the way you’re thinking.” I sighed and let go of the energy I had. It went nowhere. I down the last mouthful of blood and tossed it into the garbage can by the door. I stared at the sharp edges of the silver blade. It was on both sides and the tip was tapered into a very sharp point. Even a gentle touch on the thing would have you bleeding long before pain could register.
“Why did you pick silver?” I asked out of the blue.
“I don’t know. It was the first color that came to mind.” He pulled me up and pinned me against the wall. He reached into my pocket and pulled out the same knife that was in his hand and pocket it. I narrowed my eyes at him. He ignored me and reached back in and took out a syringe. What the hell was he going to do with that? “Don’t worry. I’m not going to stick you with it. I prefer to have blood in you than out.”
“I don’t have any more sharp things on me,” I muttered as he dug through my pockets and pulling everything out.
“I’m just making sure you won’t be able to pull any surprises on me.”
I huffed. “My mind is already wide open to you.”
“Mmm, if you haven’t notice, when you lose yourself, your thoughts turn into incoherent jumble of shit that I can’t make out.”
“Point taken,” I growled. He let me go and stalked away from me. He spun around and tensed up, his eyes bored into mine. I swallowed hard as my skin tingled. Not because of surging powers, but the itch to grab anything living and drain its life-force. Elijah eyes narrowed on me. I shifted and the air crackled. He frowned and glanced behind him. He sniffed and stiffened. The scent of human punched me hard. I growled and snarled as the scent got closer. I went on all fours and locked my muscles in place. The human scent slowly dissipated, but the thirst didn’t. Panting, I flashed to my feet and was across the room when the air stirred. Elijah snarled as I spun around. The pounding hearts and the scent of blood filled my head. Through my red haze, Peyton, Jane, and Alyssa were standing there with Taylor and Avery, and behind them wondering how she got there was Ryah.
“Why the fuck did you bring them!?” Elijah snarled. Holding on to whatever I had left in me, I held back as my inner beast screamed in protest. Alyssa glared at her little sister. “Well?” Elijah hissed.
Taylor shrugged. “They wanted to see how we are when we lose it. Don’t—” I growled. And lunged for one of them, letting out a snarl as I hit the invisible barrier separating me from them. A hot searing pain licked up my arm. I hissed and jerked back. Oh shit, did Peyton just fucking burn me? I glanced at her. Yep, she did. Her eyes were orange and there was no way you could miss the orange flickering glow on her hands. I snarled and launched myself on her. She screamed. Before I could get my fangs near her, a blade was pressed against my throat, and then I was propelled off her, and Elijah was on me. The air stirred again and Taylor and the kids disappeared.
“Never again,” he said through clenched teeth. I stared hungrily up at Elijah.
“Right on,” said Avery. “They all agreed if he can get through Ryah’s wall then they’re out.”
Elijah huffed. “Whatever.” He looked down at me. “Hmm, you’re still with us, although not fully.” He eased up on the knife. I bared my fangs and hissed.
Avery coughed. “I will ah, grab some humans. Make sure he’s still sane when I get back.” Before Elijah could answer, he ported out of the room.
Elijah snorted. “Right.” He got up and pulled me roughly up with him. I snarled and twisted out of his hold only to be thrown against the stone wall. I hissed as the back of my head impacted with the wall and at the same time, the air abruptly went away. My eyes hotter than it already were, focused intently on him. Suddenly, I was pulled forward and forced on the floor. I was dragged to the middle of the room and cold hand landed hard on the back of my neck. I grunted as his weight came down on me. He jerked my arms behind me and applied pressure. I winced as the blade dragged across the floor. “I have no problem stabbing you with this,” Elijah growled. I snarled, and then screamed as he buried the fucking blade in my back. “That’s for trying to compel me.” He flipped me over. My vision blurred as he pushed me back to the floor.
“I’m going to fucking kill you,” I growled at him. With the knife still buried in my back, he didn’t have to do much. I could gasp and spit poison all I wanted to, he still wouldn’t let go of his hold on me. Avery appeared back in the room with a human, and in as much pain as I was, I snarled and jerked up.
“Wow,” Avery muttered. Elijah, still on me, kept me in a sitting position. He reached behind me and pulled the knife out. “Uh, how are we going to do this?” Avery asked, nodding to the human. “I’m surprise he still halfway here,” he said, jabbing at the healed wound on my back.
“Give me her,” I snarled. “Before I lose it completely.”
Elijah stared at the human. “Come,” he said to her. The human came over, never taking her eyes off of Elijah. Avery moved behind me, his hand landing on my shoulders. “Please sit,” said Elijah. I growled. “And you?” He turned his head to look at me. “You’re going to do this our way.”
“Fuck you,” I spat.
He shrugged and turned back to the human. “What’s your name?”
“Lissa,” she said.
“Lissa, you will not scream.”
“I will not scream.”
“You will not fight or struggle.”
“I will not fight or struggle.”
“Good girl. Give me your hand.” She held out her hand, and I practically drooled at the sight of the blue vein in her wrist. Before Elijah could bring it to my mouth, I snatched her from him and buried my fangs in deep. Avery and Elijah groaned as I pulled hard at her wrist. I snarled as Elijah pulled her away and licked the wound close. He looked past me to Avery.
“I have a few more.” He grunted. The steel doors crashed open and four humans came down. As Elijah got off of me, Avery pulled me into a tight embrace. Another human came over to me. I pulled him down and latched my mouth on his wrist. I drank deeply and Avery smacked me hard as the human began to go limp. Elijah cursed and pulled him away. I took a deep breath and relax slightly.
“Can you take one without draining them now?” Elijah asked. I nodded. Avery reluctantly let go of me. I groaned and got up. They both watched me intently as I walked over to another human. I pulled her to me and sank my fangs in her neck. Elijah growled. He went over to another human and took him down.
“Dinner party?” Loria came down and looked around curiously. “Wow.” I withdrew my fangs from the girl and let her to the floor. “Looks like I’ve missed a lot.”
I sighed. “Yeah,” I said heavily. “You missed seeing me getting my ass kicked in every way.”
She looked at my bloody torn clothes. “You seriously need yourself an unlimited supply of clothes.”
“Yeah, you think?”
She smirked and walked around the stoned room. “Since I’m here. Am I responsible for wiping their memories?” she asked, gesturing to the unconscious humans.
“It’s already done,” said Elijah.
“You guys are hella scary.”
“Thanks.”
I smirked. “And we’re proud of it.”
“I bet you just are.”
I frowned at her. “What are you hinting at, sweetheart?”
She blushed. “I was just saying.”
“Mmhmm, sure you are.”
“Oh, go fuck off.”
“Will happily do so.” I turned to glare at Elijah. “Release me.” He smirked and waves of energy crashed into me. I gasped and caught myself before falling over. “Asshole,” I muttered. “I am so out of here.” I flashed upstairs and outside, snarling as the sun practically fried my central nervous system. Hands over my face, I sped into the shadows of the trees. Gathering myself and ignoring the burning pain, I teleported.
Touching down on the roof of the NSC HQ, I surveyed the grounds below me. No one was out manning the gate which wasn’t a good sign. I took a deep breath and prepared to be deafened. They really need round-the-clock guards or install some more shit. I cloaked my presence and willed the latch up and threw the gate open. Man, I was being an ass. The moment the gate was thrown open, the alarm blared. I held back a snarl and did my damness to ignore the pain in my ears. Vampires and humans alike were outside in a few seconds. It wasn’t long for the confusion to set in. I smirked as they did a quick search. The alarm cut off and I sighed in relief. I looked down to the ground and saw Peyton standing there looking around her. Too bad I couldn’t hide my hunger from her. I smiled and flew down. Snatching her, I was back on the roof in a split second. Her eyes widened in terror. She squealed as I pressed my hand over her mouth. “Look up next time,” I whispered in her ear. She glanced at my arm which was fully healed from the burn and blinked. “I heal fast,” I drawled. She screamed as I launched into the air and sped toward them. Peyton whimpered and dug her fingers into my arms. I landed silently behind them. “Major epic failure,” I called out.
Eric cursed. “Damn you Tristan.”
I smirked. “You guys seriously need a major upgrade on your security systems.” I released Peyton and she ran off.
“Old news,” he grumbled.
“So, why wasn’t anyone out when I got here?”
“They were on a piss break.”
I chuckled. “Right.” They cursed and flashed back inside. Peyton, Jane, and Alyssa came over to me. I looked down at Alyssa. “You never leave her side, do you?” I asked.
She shook her head and frowned up at me. “Your eyes.”
I grunted. “Yeah, it hurts.”
“Where's your sunglasses?”
“I was stripped of everything before I got my ass kicked.”
“Come on let’s go,” Peyton suddenly whimpered. I backed away from them as my vision turned crimson. Peyton squealed. “Come, on.” Alyssa grabbed Jane and gave me one last fearful look and ran. I growled and before I could go after them, Loria was in front of me, blocking my way.
“Hey there, you going somewhere?” I hissed at her. “Goodnight,” she said and wacked me. The world spun and I was out.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eighteen

I open my eyes to blissful darkness. Looking around, I realized I was in the infirmary once again, and warm blood was pouring down my throat. I tried to sit up, only to curse as the restraints held me down. On the other side of the room, the door slowly opened. Loria stepped inside and closed it softly behind her. She walked over and stared down at me. “You can’t go without blood for even a minute, can you?” I glared at her. Release me, I hissed. She winced as my mental voice penetrated her mind. “So you can… kill me?” Exactly. “I’m not letting you go until you’re sated.” She looked thoughtful. “Are you?” Yes, I lied. Still glaring up at her, I let my compulsion wash over her.
“Loria!” Son of a bitch. Taylor flashed over and pulled her away. She blasted me and I hissed as the compulsion broke.
“What the…” Loria said, sounding dazed.
“He just compelled you,” said Taylor.
“Damn it,” she growled. “I keep forgetting.”
“It would do you good to remember.”
“He wants me to release him.”
“Yeah, I figure.” I winced as she pulled the metal bands off of me. It clanged loudly as she dropped it back in the holder. I sat up and reached over to switch off the machine and choked as Taylor pulled the tube out. I got up and flashed over to Loria. She quickly backed away, her hands outstretched to keep me from getting any closer. “Keep away, Tristan. She’s off limit to you.”
“Says who?” I growled.
“Says me.”
I turned to look at Taylor. “Then tell me who’s on the menu.”
“No one.” She tossed a blood bag to me and I caught it reflexively and sighed. I ripped it open and gulped the whole damn thing down. “Wow, thirsty much?” I threw the empty bag at her and stalked out of the infirmary to seek out Trynnadon.
Sniffing, I followed his scent out to the porch. He stiffened as I walked up behind him. From what I could see, his skin was slowly becoming paler as he healed. When I didn’t say anything, he turned to face me. I pointed to an empty room and nodded. He frowned and walked toward it with me following behind. We stepped inside, and I willed the door shut. I went over to a chair and sat down. He stood in front of me and waited. I inclined my head. “Hey.”
“Hey,” he said roughly.
“You’ve been feeding?”
“Yeah, I have.”
“I can see.” He groaned and lowered himself to the floor. “Would you like me to heal you fully?”
He shrugged. “If you want to. I think I’ll be fine after a few more feedings.”
I grunted. “How many more is that?” I leaned forward and held out my wrist to him. “Your mind is driving me nuts. So bite me.” His cool hand took my wrist and baring his fangs, he struck. I smirked as he took long pulls of my blood. He rolled his eyes at me. “If you want me in my right mind, I suggest you stop,” I said after a few more seconds. After one more long pull at my wrist, he withdrew his fangs. I quickly put my wrist to my mouth and licked it closed. “Feel any different?” I asked.
He nodded. “The pain is completely gone.”
“Wonderful.”
“I surely owe you.”
“Yes, you do.”
He got up and walked to the door. “Thanks.”
I nodded. “Lift up your shirt.” He frowned at me. “I just want to check.” He nodded and lift his shirt up to reveal no evidence of pink on his pale skin. I nodded and he let go. “You’re good.” He opened the door and stepped out. He glanced at me. “Luckily your hair didn’t get burned off.” He nodded and closed the door.
I stared at the window, the heavy curtains blocking out the sunlight from pouring into the room. Multiple conversations from various parts of the house drifted to my ears while at the same time, thoughts from their minds whirled nonstop in my head. Alyssa wondering when the next episode of CSI was going to be on, Jane complaining that there were no cookies around, Ryah worrying about breaking the guitar string, and on and on it went. I sighed and looked away from the window. Letting the warm sensation surging through my body, I willed myself into Trent’s head. Looking through his eyes, I could see that he was crouched behind a huge tree. Beside him, Jade cursed and broke off one of the branches. “He’s not here,” she grumbled.
“I sense a vampire inside,” said Trent. He turned his head to look at her.
She smirked. “You think I can grab the bitch and see what she knows?” I reached into Jade’s mind and held it. I let the compulsion wash over her through Trent. Her eyes went blank. After you grab her, bring her to me, and then go back to the explosion site and find out what you can. I released her and she gasped, clutching her head. “What the hell?” Trent, I want you to find Preston and go to his next known destination. Okay, I will. Very good. I snapped out of his head and back to staring at the wall. Suddenly the room vanished, and I was somewhere else in my head.
Images solidified and a room came into focus. I was still well aware of my surroundings, but I couldn’t get the image out of my head. I blinked. What the fuck? Who was messing around in my mind? Then I stopped breathing altogether as a vampire who I thought was dead came into view. I had to bite my tongue to keep from snarling in surprise. She didn’t look like a defenseless sweet vampire anymore. The coolness in her eyes glinted with malevolence that I was so use to seeing in myself. I slumped back into the chair and cursed. She trembled and her expression changed into that of anguish. I closed my eyes and stiffened as a wash of sadness came over me. In my head, she wailed, and my chest constricted. Her wails turned into snarls and I doubled over as her pain took me along for the ride. Tristan? I hissed and slammed Elijah out of my mind. I swallowed hard and rode the wave of raw sadness that pierced every inch of my soul. My blood boiled in me as she screamed out all that she was feeling. It made no difference if I had my eyes closed or not, because I could still see the fact that she was beating herself against the wall, her fangs snapping at nothing but air, or snapping at herself. I groaned and let her spill it all onto me. When her screams of rage died into a whimper, I took a deep shuddering breath and straightened in my chair. You didn’t have to feel that, she moaned in my head. I gulped. She dropped to the floor and clutched her head. I’m sorry I—. Don’t! I silently snarled. Let me say it, she groaned. I’m sorry I let you believe that I was dead. Tears filled her eyes. It was for the best. I couldn’t swallow the motherfucking lump that formed in my throat. How did you get out when…? She shook her head frantically. You know how, she whispered. It was you. It was you and the rest that gave me my last ounce of strength to do it. She growled fiercely. I went on a rampage the moment I was out of there. I just randomly went to a place, and it was filled with humans so I… I did a free-for-all. I sucked in a breath. Why didn’t you tell us? It has been—. I know I know, she moaned. I didn’t want anyone looking for me. I groaned. I’m sorry I couldn’t get to you fast enough. It wasn’t your fault, she wailed. It was mine, all mine. I should’ve let you in the moment they took me. She sniffed. I smell a human, and I’m so. Fucking. Hungry. She whimpered and I thought my head was going to fall off my shoulders as she teleported into another room. She crawled into a freezing dark room and willed the steel door shut. She gulped and drew out a silver blade and flipped it over and over in her hands. What the hell. How did she get that? It didn’t burn in the fire, she whispered. They were stupid enough to not go through my pockets. Evelyn, I said in a strangled voice. Where are you? The blade froze in mid-flip. Right now, I’m in Nebraska. I move from state to state every day. My skin prickled as someone came closer to where I was. Evelyn eyes filled with tears. I have to go. Wait. They’re looking for you. I growled. Tristan, please don’t tell them, she pleaded. But—. Please Tristan. I groaned and nodded. I’ll come to see you. She choked. I promise when you find Aiden, you’ll see me. Do you—. She shook her head. I don’t. I have to let you go. My eyes burned as she started to fade away. Goodbye Tristan, she whispered, and she was gone.
“Tristan?” Elijah voice penetrated my overwhelmed mind. I was numb all over. I couldn’t even get myself to reassure them that I was okay or as okay as I’ll ever be. A cool finger touched my arm. “Can you hear me?” Yeah, I did hear them alright. A persistent push at my mind was becoming more urgent. “Let us in.” I swallowed hard. They weren’t going anywhere anytime soon. Suddenly I felt more vampires entering the room. They didn’t say anything as I sat there probably looking like the most vulnerable vampire in the world. Two more hands landed on me. I jerked, but they didn’t remove their hands.
“What’s wrong with him?” Loria whispered. Yeah, what is wrong with me? I just saw my clearly alive sister, and she practically killed me with her pain. I groaned, and the hands on me tightened.
“I don’t know. He won’t let us in,” Taylor said softly. I moaned. “Tristan,” she said, alarmed. The hand on my shoulder gripped me tighter. “You’re scaring me here brother. This is not like you. Far from it.”
“What is wrong?” Elijah asked softly. Fuck, I couldn’t tell them even if I wanted to. I tried to clear my throat, but couldn’t gather enough strength to do so. Oh man, I am so screwed. Someone could shove a poker stick so far up my ass and still get no reaction out of me. The room went very still as I took a deep shuddering breath. She was still alive all this years. Fucking shit, if it had been any other vampire, I wouldn’t believe it, because no vampires possess the ability of imagery that powerful that I or my siblings do. “You interrupted my feeding,” he grumbled. “Can I get a why? Why did we feel terribly sad all of a sudden?” Shit, damn them. “And then you blocked us out so we couldn’t sense you anymore.” My body went taut as I tried to get myself back to reality. Everyone stopped breathing all at once. Panting, I force my eyes opened. In front of me, Elijah’s eyes widened. Taylor and Avery came around to look at me.
“What?” I rasped out.
“Your eyes are burning,” said Taylor.
I blinked. “Isn’t it always?”
“Yeah, with thirst, but not with…”
“Are you keeping something from us?” Elijah asked.
I silently cursed. “What if I am?”
He eyed me suspiciously. “It’s something big, isn’t it?” Fuck him for seeing right through me.
“Yeah,” I muttered.
“Do tell,” said Avery.
I shook my head. “Can’t.”
“You can’t? Have you crossed over to the Phantom Zone?”
“You watch too much Smallville,” I muttered. Over by the door, Peyton smiled.
“Seriously, what is it?”
“Let it go,” I growled.
Avery put up a hand. “Okay okay, take it easy. We were just wondering what got your head in a tight hole is all.”
I grumbled. “You’ll find out soon enough.”
Elijah grunted. “We can hardly wait.”
“The wait will be worth it,” I muttered.
“Oh hell, you just made me more curious,” said Taylor.
I flashed my fangs at the rest by the door. “You all can scram. I’m not going to say a thing.” I growled when no one made a move.
Elijah turned from me. The air crackled. “Leave,” he softly growled. They slowly turned and walked out, the door softly closing behind them. He turned back to me and narrowed his eyes on me. “Are you going to be okay?” I nodded. He stared at me too long for my liking.
I shrugged. “Truly, I’ll be fine.”
“I’ll take him with me,” said Taylor. He looked thoughtful and then nodded. He backed away from me. Taylor poked me in the ribs. “Come on, you need to feed.” I grumbled. “Get up big guy.” I cursed and grudgingly got up. “Awesome, now start walking, or do I have to drag you around with me?” I growled and started walking. Taylor led me out of the room and outside where thankfully, the sun was no longer out. “Will you tell me if I beg?” she asked as we walked through the gate.
“No,” I said.
She sighed. “I don’t like it when you’re hiding something from me.”
“Well, you’ll have to deal with it for now,” I grumbled. She nodded and grabbed my hand. Darkness closed around us as she teleported.
I found myself in a neighborhood, a nice one too. I frowned at her. She usually never fed on clean blood if I remembered correctly. “I know what you’re thinking, even with your thoughts shielded from me.” She laughed softly. “I couldn’t do it.”
I chuckled. “So six months of draining drug addicts didn’t do you good after all.”
“Nope, I’ll only feed from them if they plan to hurt someone or if I’m starving.”
“I see…” I pulled away and walked ahead of her. She followed silently as I led her to an apartment nearby. Sniffing the air, I picked up the scent of three humans inside. Standing on the doorstep, I breathed in. Taylor smirked and knocked lightly. It opened a moment later. A teenage girl stood in the doorway.
“Can I help you?”
“Are your parent’s home?” Taylor asked.
She blushed. “They’re ah, kind of busy at the moment.”
I grinned wickedly. I reached out and stroked her cheek, letting the compulsion wash over her. “Invite us in?”
The girl blinked and nodded. “Yes, please come in.” I released her as she pulled the door open wider. Once we were inside, she led us into the kitchen. “Would you like anything to drink?” she asked.
“No thank you,” said Taylor. I smirked as I left the kitchen. “Tristan,” she hissed. “Let them enjoy each other. Get your ass back here.” I turned back to look at the girl. She turned away as her face grew redder by the minute.
“They haven’t started yet.” I shrugged. “I won’t interrupt anything.”
She sighed. “So cruel.”
“Yes, I am.” Leaving her cursing, I walked down the short hall and entered the master bedroom. The woman screamed and her husband practically fell out of bed.
“Who the hell are you!?” she gasped.
“Sorry for the intrusion.” I walked over to the bed and reached for her.
“Hey, what the fuck are you doing?” her husband, recovering, took me to the floor. He froze on top of me as his brain finally registered the eerie presence radiating off me. He gasped and quickly got off of me. I pushed off the floor and pulled his still shocked wife to me. “Let her go.” I spun her around, her back pressed against me. She jerked in my arms and before she could scream again, I silenced her. “What are you going to do to her?” I put my mouth to the back of her neck.
“I’m going to give her the best orgasm of her life,” I breathed. I held her tighter as she struggled. I released her vocal cord and sank my fangs in her neck. She screamed and then moaned as the bite turned into pleasure. I groaned and held her tighter as she continued to moan, pressing herself tighter against me if possible. She broke out in sweat as the pleasure continued to grow. After a few long seconds, her moans turned into screams as she came apart and went limp in my arms. I withdrew my fangs and licked the wound closed. Panting, I held her as another wave of orgasm crashed into her. When it was over, I gently let her back on the bed. Eyes glazed over, she weakly smiled up at me. Over by the door, Taylor whistled appreciatively. I readjust myself and turned to look at her.
She smiled. “I took care of the husband. You were so far gone that you didn’t even notice what was going on. He was going to come at you with a pistol.” She nodded to the husband, and I moved out of his way as he came over to the bed. “Sleep,” she said to him. I willed the lights off as we exited the room, softly closing the door behind us.
I cleared my throat. “Did you get to feed, or were you standing there the whole time?”
She laughed. “Don’t worry about me. I was feeding the moment you entered the room.” I glanced into the living room. The little girl was sound asleep on the couch. All the lights went off as the door opened. We stepped out, and I inhaled the cool air of the night. “Sucks that the pleasure bite works both ways huh?”
“Yeah,” I muttered.
She grinned. “Let’s go before they think we went on a rampage,” she said and grabbing a hold of my hand, she teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nineteen

Jade was waiting patiently as we appeared out of thin air. Taylor let go of me and frowned at the struggling vampire in Jade’s arms. We were a few yards away from the closed gate. “Jade,” I whispered. I walked over to her. “No problems?”
“No,” she said through gritted teeth.
“Let her go.” Jade nodded and let go of the struggling vampire. Before she could do anything, I grabbed her and sank my fangs deep into her neck. She shrieked as venom flowed into her bloodstream. I withdrew and lick the wound shut. She clawed at me and gave a bloodcurdling scream. I hissed and looked her in the eye. “That’s enough screaming,” I growled. Her screams died off, but clearly, she was still in pain. That poison wasn’t going to leave her anytime soon. I nodded to the gate. “Can I take her through?” Jade nodded and signaled for Gabriella to open it. Keeping a tight hold on the frantic vampire, I walked through with the others following behind. The doors flew opened as I reached it.
“Ooo, what’s this?”
“Hello, Donnica.”
“Hey, partner. Long time no see.” She moved out of the doorway as we entered. “So, I think Loria and the gang are onto Evan,” she said as she followed us down the stairs.
“Oh really?” Taylor asked. Once we were in the room, I shoved the vampire away from me. Jade slammed the door shut and leaned against it. I stiffened and turn to look at Donnica.
“Er… so yeah. Ari was at one of the locations, and she missed him by five.”
I snarled and overhead, the light sizzled, popped, and went out. “You got to be fucking kidding me,” I growled.
She winced and backed away from me. “I think someone has been tipping him off.”
“You think,” I spat out. “Or you know so.”
She gulped. “I ah, I know so.”
I bared my fangs and rushed her. I took her down to the floor, my hands around her throat. “I just about had enough of this cat and mouse game,” I whispered. Choking her, I let my compulsion wash over her. “I want you, to find this anonymous tipster. When you find them, I want you. To torture the fuck Out of them until you know exactly, where Evan is. Do I make myself crystal clear?” I eased up on her neck and she gasped.
“Yes.”
I snarled and released her. I got off of her and flashed over to the thrashing vampire. I turned my head to watch, as Jade helped Donnica up and moving her toward the door. “Go with her, Jade. On your way out, send Isabelle to me.”
Jade nodded. “I surely will.”
My focus back on the vampire on the floor, I bent down and pulled her up. “Name?” I hissed.
“Screw you,” she spat.
“Hey now,” said Taylor. She quickly put a hand on my upper arm and squeeze. “Just a simple question,” she said sweetly. “There’s no need to get all fussy over it.” Don’t, she whispered in my head. I narrowed my eyes on her. What? I wasn’t going to do anything to her… yet. She shook her head and let me go. I took a deep breath and willed the surge of power to behave itself. Taylor smiled and attempted to pull the vampire away from me. Let go before you do something unintentional before you even get anything out of her. I swallowed hard and reluctantly let go. I backed up as she tilted the vampire head back to look her in the eyes. “Name?” she asked softly.
“Rayne.”
I grumbled and plopped my ass on the floor. “Start asking,” I said, annoyed. “Let see how long I can hold off,” I muttered.
She shrugged. “Knowing you, probably not for long.” Still gazing into Rayne’s eyes, she leaned in and sniffed her.
“Recognized any scent?” I asked.
“Apart from you and Jade? Nope.” She smirked and took a step away from Rayne. “Do you know where Evan is?” she asked.
“No,” she said flatly.
“Do you know who he is?”
“Yes.” I turned to look at the door as it slowly opened. Isabelle stood in the doorway.
“You ask for me?” she asked, not looking directly at me.
“Yes, I did,” I said. I got up and walked toward her. “Let me know what you find out,” I said to Taylor and nodded to Isabelle to start walking. I led her outside, through the gate, and deeper into the shadows of trees. I leaned against one of them and breathed in and out. “So,” I said, lowering my voice to barely a whisper. “I am up to date with everybody, but you.” The air grew thick as I wrapped her in darkness. She gasped and stumbled closer to me. “You’ve been very quiet, ever since I called you to watch over the humans.” She whimpered as she struggled to keep away from me. “What’s going on, Isabelle?” She groaned as she fell against me. I put my arms around her and drew back the darkness. She shuddered and relaxed slightly. “Tell me,” I breathed in her hair.
“It’s Tory,” she squeaked.
I stiffened. “What about Tory?”
She took in a deep breath. “I think the Desecrators have her,” she said quickly. I could’ve sworn I could shoot fireballs out of my eyes right then and there. They burned savagely as my anger grew. All around me, branches snapped as my telekinesis went wild. In the distance, I could hear Isabelle screaming and beating at me. “Let me go!” I snarled and sent her flying. The wind around me picked up as I fought to keep myself calm. I closed my eyes and slowly, very slowly pulled myself together. A few more deep breaths in and out, I opened my eyes, and a good distance away, Isabelle was standing there frozen to the spot. She shuddered and slowly walked toward me. “Are you okay now?” she asked shakily.
I flashed my fangs at her. “As okay as I’ll ever be,” I growled. “Why didn’t you tell anyone sooner?” I snarled.
“I figure if we find Evan, we would find her.” I cursed. “I’ve been searching for her mostly.” With difficulty, I restrained myself from knocking her ass into the ground. Argh! Stupid. Fucking. Pathetic. Asshole! Elijah! I mentally snarled. What? Isabelle sister is missing. What!? Exactly, now get your ass over here and pry the info from her. You need a breather? Just get over here. On my way.
“Stay here,” I hissed and teleported to Ari.
Once there, I clapped a hand over her mouth before a scream could escape. A short distance away, Loria put a hand over her mouth to keep from screaming herself. I removed my hand and took a step back. “I really, really don’t like it when you do that,” Ari muttered under her breath.
I inclined my head and stabbed a finger to the east. “A club?” I mused. A long line of people stood at the entrance door where the two bouncers were checking for IDs. The loud thump of music and the flashing strobe lights and gyrating bodies and not to add, the scent of blood, alcohol, drugs, and arousal also gave it away. “Interesting place to hide out,” I drawled.
“He’s not the only one that comes here,” she said.
“Clearly, I can smell them in every direction.” I looked over at the two bouncers, one of the humans high on drugs was trying to get himself in. I smirked. “I think, you girls and I are going to have some fun,” I whispered. “Besides, I’d like a bite or two.” I turned and walked up to the club entrance, not bothering to wait in line like the others.
“Dude, no cutting.” I looked behind me and turned to bend down to the brunette, her pupils were dilated, and I could detect a whiff of heroin on her.
“You are in no position to tell me what to do.” I rested a hand on her shoulder. “So, if you want to live to see another day, I suggest you take your girlfriends here and go home.”
“Fuck you, dude.”
I jerked my hand away from her as crimson washed over me. I stiffened and smiled at her. “I warn you,” I growled. “You will wish you never came here tonight.” She shivered as eerie presence wrapped around her. I silently snarled and drew it back. Straightening, I turned back to the front and continued walking up to the bouncers and the desperate human. I gripped the human by the shirt and jerked him back. He fell against me and I put my arms around him. “Sorry sir, my friend here is a little drunk. Forgive him.” Ari held her hand out and I pass him over to her. “I was wondering if you do me a favor.” I stepped closer to the bouncer on the right. Gazing into his eyes, I grabbed a hold of his mind and held it, doing the same to his partner. “Let us through?”
“All of you?” he asked dazedly.
I smiled. “Just me and my two friends,” I whispered.
“Yes, go right on in, sir. I hope you and your lovely friends have a great time here.”
“Thank you,” I said and released them. I stepped through the door as the people in the line started converging on the bouncers. Taio Cruz Dynamite pounded painfully in my ears as we made our way to the VIP section of the club. The security guards at both end of the rope started toward us. Loria and Ari smiled and strode up to meet them. I jumped over the rope and pushed my way to the table in the corner. Half empty glasses of beer and whisky sat on the table top. I slid into the booth and scanned the club, ignoring the fact that the flashing lights were making my eyes burn. I looked past the heavy red velvet rope separating the two sections of the club. The four security guards went back to their vigilant posts as Ari and Loria lift the rope up and ducked under to pass. Still smirking, they made their way to where I was sitting and slid in beside me. Shifting my gaze away from the dance floor, I looked at each of them questioningly. Ari folded her hands behind her head and leaned back, her eyes focusing straight ahead.
“I never did like clubs,” Loria grumbled. Ari snorted. “What? All you do here is dance, get drunk, and shoot up until you’re out of your mind, and you fuck anything and everything you can get your hands on.”
“Oh Lori, get your head out of the gutter.”
“What, I’m just saying.” She snatched up the half empty glass of whisky and put it to her lips.
Ari stared at her intently. “Tell me you’re not going to drink that.” My hand shot out and grabbed the still cool glass out of her hand and downed the remaining content. The wonderful numbing cool burning sensation at the back of my throat was a nice refresher to my hazy mind. Of course, the red haze decided to stay. Loria and Ari stared at me like I’ve lost it. I put the glass back down as the bartender came over. “I can’t believe you just did that,” she breathed.
“Can I get you anything else?” the bartender asked, taking the two glasses away. I shook my head. “We have a special—“
“We’re waiting on a friend,” said Loria. His eyes went blank as she continued to stare at him. “Leave this table alone for tonight,” she said sweetly. He shook his head in confusion as she released him, and he walked off without another word. My eyes narrowed as a vampire with spiked brown hair wearing a plain white t-shirt with faded blue jeans gracefully made his way over.
“Hey, mind if I joined you?” he asked, completely ignoring me. Under the table, my hands clenched into fists as I zeroed in on his thoughts.
“Of course you can,” Ari purred. The vampire, Steve slid into the booth across from us, and I had to fight the urge to smack his head cleanly off his shoulders.
“So, are you from around here?”
“We’re from San Diego,” said Loria. “And you?”
“I’m from North Carolina. I came to LA to see what it’s like here.” Mmm, is that so? “I haven’t been here long though.” You’ve been here for twenty-five years asshole. He leaned forward. “Since you’re from around here, do you know any good hangouts?” Yeah, how about six feet under?
“Actually, I don’t get out much, so I don’t know of any,” said Ari. “But my friend Loria might know a few.”
Loria’s head jerked up in surprise. “Um, no, she’s lying.”
He laughed. “I don’t know who to believe.” He reached out and stroked her cheek. “You or the redhead.” She jerked back and hissed.
“For your information, I don’t like being touched.”
He withdrew his hand and leaned back. “Sorry.” He glanced toward the back exit and got up. “I’m going to grab a bite, want to join me?” Did you just seriously fucking ask that? I leaned forward.
“We like to join you,” I said as politely as I could manage without snarling. He blinked and nodded. He stared into the crowd of humans.
“One would be enough for all of us,” said Ari. She put a hand on my arm and squeezed. I leaned back and jerked away from her. My stomach clenched and unclench as my hunger grew. On the other side of Ari, Loria shifted nervously. I watched as a blond human wearing a red skimpy top and a short ass skirt came over, smiling and swaying her hips to the beat of Usher’s DJ Got Us Fallin’ In Love. My eyes automatically went to her throat. That asshole Steve, eyed me in amusement as she reached us.
“Wow,” he said. “You must be mighty thirsty.” Oh, you have no idea. Ari poked me, breaking my concentration. I looked at her. She pointed to the exit sign. I muttered and got up, sliding out of the booth and headed outside. I sighed in relief as the heavy door closed, blocking out most of the noise inside. We were in a back alley behind the club. Before I could do anything, Steve grabbed the human and sank his fangs deep in her neck. I snarled as her scent reached me. Ari grabbed a hold of me and jerked me away. Loria cursed and came to my other side. Using all of their strength, they spun me around so that I was facing the dirty brick wall. I groaned and forced myself not to lash out at them. Steve sighed, and I turned my head to see the human dropping to the ground. He cleared his throat and smiled at me. “Sorry buddy, I don’t share.” He glanced at Ari and Loria. “Is he that out of control?” My eyes burned as my compulsion threatened to roll him. Loria laughed. “You girls should tame him. Can’t let him loose on the streets.”
She snorted. “Oh, believe me he has more control than you do.” She dug her fingers painfully into my arm. “I bet if we let him go right now, he'd be on you before you can even blink.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, want to see?” They turned me to face him, and the snarky ass vampire looked past me and frowned. I tore my eyes from him and glanced at Loria. She turned her head and smirked. Elijah stepped in front of me as the girls let go. I growled as he caught me before I could even get my hands on that pathetic annoying prick.
“Wait,” Elijah growled in my ear. “Let see who this so call prick is.” Sensing the presence of Taylor and Avery, I wasn’t surprise when they came into view. I watched as Taylor grabbed Steve and forced him closer.
“What the hell?” Steve spluttered. “Is this a trap?”
“One out of several,” Elijah drawled. “You happen to be one of the lucky ones.” He smiled. “Taylor, Belerox,” he said and darkness closed around me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty

I winced as the sharp tip of the blade pressed against my throat. “Er du går till lek trevlig?” Elijah asked, pressing the blade deeper into my neck. My muscles bunched together and I snarled.
“Ja,” I spat out.
He removed the knife and licked the blood that was slowly trickling down my neck. “Mycket bra.” He turned his head and smirked at the spluttering vampire struggling in Taylor’s arms. Turning to look back at me, he pushed me until my back was pressed against the wall. He stared at me intently. “Håll det för bara lite längre. Jag vill se vad den han har att säga.”
“Låt mig på honom,” I snarled. I jerked and his hands closed around my throat.
“Nej, inte ändå.” Before I can do or say anything, his wrist pressed against my fangs. I groaned and sank it deeper. “Det räcker,” he said and pulled away. I sighed. At least my hunger quieted some, for the time being that is. He smirked and released me. I cursed and went to stand by the opened door and inhaled the fresh air that was blowing slightly into the room.
“What the hell were you talking about?” asked Steve. He gasped, but I didn’t turn around to see the cause of it.
“Sucks that English is the only language you know,” Elijah drawled. “So, what were you doing at that club?”
“Was waiting on a friend,” he choked out.
I turned from the door and stalked over. “And who might this… friend be?” I rasped out.
“Why, is it important?” he gasped.
I shrugged. “Maybe.”
“It is.” I turned to find Donnica standing just outside the door, holding an unconscious vampire. “Well, kind of. May we come in?”
“Of course,” said Elijah.
She stepped through and the door closed behind her. “This is Brendon.” She tossed the vampire away from her. “I found him on Loral Avenue.”
“Really now.”
I walked over to Brendon and stared down at him. Blood and healed bruises were all over him. “Hmm, this one looks like he got mugged in an alley,” I said. He groaned and slowly opened his eyes. He cursed and sat up.
“Dónde coño estoy?” he asked, looking around him.
I bent down and jerked him up. He hissed as I jabbed a finger in his neck. “Dime donde está Evan, y puede que deje a mi hermano que me impida romperte la garganta,” I said, getting right to the point.
“No sé, no nos dice donde va.”
I glared at him. He stiffened as I grazed his neck with my fangs. “Ah, qué pena. Parece que no confía en ti después de todo,” I breathed. Before another word could escape him, I sank my fangs in him. He screamed as I pulled the sweet blood into my mouth and swallowed.
“Damn, shut him up would you?” Elijah groaned. I withdrew my fangs and punched through his chest, ripping his heart out, shutting him up instantly. Elijah smirked. “Guess that works too.” I grunted and dropped both the body and the heart to the floor. Elijah nodded to Donnica and pointed to the mess on the floor. “Get that out of my damn house.” He laughed. “He didn’t even last a minute.”
She laughed. “Will do.” She pointed to Steve who was silently snarling, and hissing, and trying to break out of Elijah’s hold. “He looks like he doesn’t have a clue what’s going on.”
I grumbled. “Yeah, I can see that.” I walked back to Steve and sighed.
“Since you have your fill,” said Elijah. “Can I have this one?”
“Yeah, fine.”
He flashed his fangs at me. “Thanks, brother.”
I nodded and turned back to the door and gestured for Taylor to follow me. I led her outside and leaned against the side of the house. “Anything?” I asked.
She shook her head. “Nope, everybody we snatch knows Evan but seems to not know where he’s going.”
I grunted. “What did you do with her?”
“I er… I killed her.”
I chuckled. “You don’t have to look embarrass about it.”
“What? I enjoyed it.”
“I know you did. You just can’t wait to do some more,” I said slowly.
She shrugged. “So, what are you thinking about?” she asked abruptly.
I narrowed my eyes on her. “Not going to work, Tay.”
“Come on, tell me,” she grumbled.
“Mmm, doesn’t work like that.”
She huffed. “Fine.”
I stiffened and shove the unexpected mental visit to the back of my mind. “Well, I’m—" I jerked as my blood suddenly went hot, and what felt like a stinging sensation of a needle, stabbed into the side of my neck. It went away just as suddenly as it came. In front of me, Taylor’s eyes widened in disbelief. “What the…?”
“It’s… Loria!” Taylor gasped and disappeared into thin air.
“Fuck,” I snarled and teleported back to the club. I winced as music suddenly thudded into my ears. Damn it! In a blur of movements, I did a circus around the club, even though I knew full well she was no longer there. My second time around, I snatched Ari who was fuming and spitting blood. I pushed her against the wall and gave her my death stare. She cringed and bit her lower lip.
“Don’t chop my head off,” she finally growled. “I was knocked out when they took her.”
I snarled and backed away from her. “How many?” I growled.
“Two.” I took a deep breath and closed in on her. I tilted her head back slightly, and stared deeply into her eyes. She gasped. “What are you doing?” I ignored her and broke down the barriers surrounding her mind. She groaned and tried to shove me out. “Stop it,” she said tightly. I continued to ignore her and push deeper. She hissed as she got nowhere. The cool breeze around me grew, surrounding her as well as me. She gasped as I slowly shut out all her senses one by one. “Stop it,” she said, this time more desperately. She jerked and I pulled her into an embrace. “What are you doing?” she whimpered.
“Shhh,” I said as darkness crashed into her.
“You. Are so mean,” said Taylor from right behind me.
“I know,” I growled.
“Her scent trails off a mile away. Are you getting anything, or are you still digging?” I blew out a sharp breath and slip out of Ari’s mind. “I’m guessing you’re going to leave her in that state of nothingness?”
“Matter of fact? I am.”

LORIA

Gradually, my senses came back to life and with vengeance. I screamed and quickly blocked my pain from going through the blood bond. Shit, what the fuck did they torture me with? I gulped great amount of air and coughed. I opened my eyes to a dim room. Breathing hard, I tried to sit up. I snarled as something sharp dug into my skin. I looked down to find myself in some thick ass spikes and chains. “Motherfucker,” I groaned. “You got to be kidding me.” I cursed as my eyes wandered to my right. Another vampire was also chained up. She was bloody and from what I could tell, unconscious. Great, I am stuck in some kind of dungeon with a stranger who could be fucked in the head for all I knew. I sighed. “Hey,” I hissed. “Wake up.” I mentally reached out and pulled on the chains. Her eyes flew open, and she jerked. “Sorry,” I hissed. She blinked and turned to look at me.
“Who are you?” she rasped out.
“I’m Loria, and who are you?”
She coughed. “I’m Tory.”
“How long have you been here?”
“No fucking idea.”
“What the hell do they want?”
“Information on the Tronis Bloodline. Specifically, they want Tristan and Elijah.”
I frowned. “You know them?”
She laughed softly. “Of course I do. Who doesn’t?”
I sighed. “Anybody know you’re missing?”
“I know my sister does.”
“Who’s your sister?”
“Isabelle.”
I blinked. “You mean Isabelle, the spy?”
She smiled. “I’m assuming you met her?” I nodded. “I’m in so much pain that I can’t tell her anything without her feeling everything I’m going through.”
I nodded. “Please tell me they are at least nice enough to feed us?”
She snorted. “Please, I haven’t had blood in like forever.” I cursed. “Yeah, me too.” I opened my mouth to say something, but snapped it shut as I felt someone standing behind the door. I heard the locks sliding out of place and the door opened. A hooded figure strode in and came toward me.
“You’re awake,” he growled.
“Yeah, I am. Tell me hood guy. Where the fuck! Am I?” He pulled on the chain and I screamed.
“Weak,” he hissed. “So… weak.”
I snarled at him. “How about you be chained up with spikes stabbing into every—" I took in a sharp breath and held it as he kept on pulling, driving it deeper into me. “Inch of your body for a change?” I spat out.
“Where’s Tristan?”
“Who?” I gasped. “I don’t know any Tristan you fucking—" I coughed as he dropped another chain on me. He jerked my head up and tightened it. He shortened it until it dug painfully in my neck. “Go ahead and decap me,” I gasped. “You’re not getting a fucking word out of me.”
“Stop it!” Tory screamed. “I’ll tell you where he is!”
“Tory—" He punched me hard in the mouth, blood filled my mouth and I choked. He released me and flashed over to her.
“Tell me,” he hissed.
“He’s everywhere. In another word, he’s currently busy eating your people.” A stake appeared in his hand. “Stake me you motherfucker! Do it!”
“No!” I screamed as he plunged it into her heart. I watched as she convulsed once and went still. He pulled it out and left the room, the door closing behind him. “Tory! Wake up!” I looked around to find something to throw at her, but there was nothing in the room. Son of a bitch, I silently snarled. The drip, drip sound of blood hitting the floor was loud in my own ears. “Tory! Wake up damn you!” I sighed. How did I end up here in the first place? Oh, right, last I remembered, I was… at the club with Ari and out of nowhere, I was struck from behind. Argh, why did it have to be me? “Oh Tory, wake up… I’m getting mighty lonely here.” Again, I heard the locks sliding out of place. The door opened and another hooded figure stood in the doorway. She came in and closed it behind her. An eerie presence so strong enveloped me and I gasped. What the…? She flashed over to me and I nearly swallowed my tongue as my body exploded in terror.
“Not a word,” she whispered sweetly. I tried to get my mouth to work, but nothing came out. This had to be another member of the Tronis line. It had to be. I tried to sense who she was, but it was impossible.
“Do I know you?” I choked out.
“No,” she said in a bored voice. “You don’t know me.” A wave of sadness suddenly washed over me then it was gone. What the fuck? She walked over to Tory and leaned in. Suddenly the room was crackling with energy. “She will be waking up very soon,” she said, straightening and walking to the door. It opened and she walked out. I closed my eyes and heard the door slamming shut. I slowly breathed in and out for a few minutes and then opened my eyes. A gasp jerked my head around to find Tory with her eyes wide opened. I held back a scream as the spiked collar ripped through my neck.
“Tory, you there?” I gasped out. She gave another painful gasp and nodded. “Is that your first time being staked?” I asked.
“No,” she panted. “I’m surprise that I’m not dead yet.”
“Well, you do have uh… dark angel on your side, you know.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about another hooded figure with a motherfucking scary ass vive that comes in here like five minutes after you being staked and somehow revive you faster than normal.”
She frowned. “Who the hell wants to revive me?”
“No clue.”
“Huh. That is very interesting.” She smiled. “They probably have a trader without even knowing it.”
“Oh shit, they must be that stupid to not notice.”
“Damn, you be careful in that chain there. Don’t decapitate yourself now. I’m starting to like you. It'd be a shame if you die before I get to know you.”
I grumbled. “I will try not to.”
“Good. Are you by any chance feeling a pressure in your head?”
“No, why you ask?”
“Because I’m happening to feel one right now, and I’m trying to keep her out.”
“Her?”
“Isabelle.”
“Oh. If I do, my head would explode instead of feeling a slight pressure.”
“Ouch.”
“Yeah, tell me about it.”
“I’m gonna fucking wipe the streets of humans when I get free,” she muttered.
“The NSC has a fridge fill with blood,” I said.
“Oh hell, you know them too.”
I nodded. “I’ve been busy.”
“Obviously.”
“So, no need to—" The door once again opened. Two vampires came in. One of them came over to me and jerked on the chain around my neck and I gasped.
“Get up,” he snarled. The chain around my legs loosened, enough for me to get up without amputating myself. “Don’t try to escape, or I’ll pull this chain and your head will roll.” They led us out the room and down the hall to a heavy steel door. The vampire holding Tory lifted up the bar and pushed it open. They dragged us inside and slammed it shut. I held very still as the one holding me inserted a key. The chains fell away from me. I held back a sigh of relief as he did the same on the one around my neck. They picked up the chains as the door opened, and they were out of there in a flash.
“Try breaking the door down,” said Tory. “Prepare to be electrocuted though.”
“Er… no thanks,” I said, rubbing at my sore neck.
She smirked. “What, afraid of a hundred thousand volts of electricity?”
I winced. “That much?”
She sighed. “I don’t know.” I gasped and held back a scream as white light exploded in my head. “Loria?” Panting, I backed up until I felt the wall behind me. My vision blurred as the pain grew. “Loria?” I couldn’t even get myself to answer her, and then the pain was gone as if it never came on in the first place. I took in a shuddering breath and let it out slowly. “What just happen?” Tory asked, walking over to stand in front of me.
“I just got my mind blown right open,” I said, still panting.
She winced and rubbed her eyes. I stiffened as the feeling to bite her came over me. I bared my fangs at her and snarled. She flashed across the room, and I flashed after her. “Hey, what the hell are you doing?” The urge to sniff her and bite her grew. She rushed me and took me to the floor. “What the hell are you doing, trying to bite me?” I snarled. Tory hissed and pushed my head back. She leaned in and inhaled. “Did you link yourself to Tristan?” she breathed. She sniffed again and nodded. “He knows you’re in trouble, and he’s pissed.”
I swallowed. “I can’t help it,” I growled.
She gulped and got off of me. “I know. It’s his hunger for vampire blood you’re feeling.”
I slowly sat up and clenched my hands into fists to keep from grabbing for her. “Where are we?” She frowned at me like I’ve lost my mind. “I meant why did they bring us here?”
“No idea.”
“Have you tried to escape?”
“Of course. It’s fun being torched while at it.” I winced. “I’m not the fastest and strongest vampire in the world, you know.”
I nodded. “They’re coming,” I hissed and flashed to the corner. Tory growled and curled into a ball and glared at the door. It opened, and she lunged, screaming as she got staked in the stomach. She snarled and pulled it out as a pop went off. She dropped to the floor unconscious. A hooded vampire came in and smiled. I glanced over at Tory and then back to him. “Hey,” I said pleasantly. “It’s nice to meet you too.” He snarled and in a flash, he was in front of me. He slammed my head against the wall and something sharp pressed against my throat.
“We’re going to have some fun together,” he whispered, and I gasped as he slashed my neck open. He released me and I fell to the floor, choking on my own blood. I heard the door slammed shut and locks sliding into place.
“Hey.” Tory crawled over to me. “Look at me,” she said as my skin crawled. “Even if you blast him, we’ll still be outmatched. He has backups, lots of them.”
I coughed and sat up, pressing a finger to my already healed neck and nodded. “What’s the point of this?” I snarled.
“They’re using us as baits.”
I cursed. “They want Tristan that badly?” I growled.
“Or his brothers and sister.”
I sighed. “You should keep count on how many times you’ve been staked. You might make it onto the most staked vampire world record archives,” I said sarcastically.
She laughed. “Didn’t know they keep tabs. Alright, I’ll start keeping count now. Let see… I’ve been staked twice today.”
I smirked. “Good luck.”
“Thank you. I’ll happily be the first.” I scooted away from her and sighed again. “You still have that urge to sniff and bite me?”
I smiled. “Yep, I do.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-one

RYAH

Looking around one last time, I entered the brightly lit 7-Eleven. I sighed and walked directly to the candy section. I shivered as the feeling of being watch didn’t go away. I grabbed a couple of Hershey bars the one with peanuts, a blue berry push-pop, and a couple of sour sprays in strawberry and apple flavor. I grumbled and made my way to the register, snatching up a box of chocolate chip cookies before reaching the counter. “Good evening sweetie,” said the cheerful cashier as I set everything down to pay for it.
“Hi,” I said as I pulled out a ten.
“Your total comes to seven dollars and twenty-five cents.” I handed her my ten as she gave me two dollars and seventy-five cents in change. “Would you like a bag?” I nodded. She put my stuff in a bag, and I took it. “You have a great night.”
“Thank you and same to you.” I pushed the door open and stepped outside, wincing as a wash of uneasiness came over me. I peered into the shadows, and thanks to the bright ass light of the store, I could see Elijah squinting at me. I shook my head and walked toward him, ignoring the fact that my stomach was jumping all over the place, warning me to keep away. He straightened when I stopped in front of him.
“Very sweet of you,” he whispered. I stared at him, confused. He chuckled. “Jane will be bouncing off the wall before you know it.”
I blinked. “Uh, I ah… kind of got tired of her complaining about it,” I said nervously. He smirked. “So ah… where’s Tristan.”
He narrowed his eyes on me. “My brother is on a manhunt for Loria and Tory.” I took in a sharp breath as his cold hand closed around my arm and pulled me away from the street. He didn’t let go of me as another vampire made his way to where we were.
“How come you didn’t go with him?” I whispered. He ignored me and eyed the vampire suspiciously, his hand moving up to rest on my shoulder.
“Hey, are you Ryah?” the vampire asked.
I gulped. “Um, yeah. Uh, who are you?” I asked, realizing that the creepy ass feeling was gone.
He smiled. “I’m Isaac.” I glanced up at Elijah who looked about ready to set this vampire on fire. I shifted nervously, and then my vision blurred. Elijah’s hand gripped my shoulder hard. “Do you mind taking a walk with me?” Say no. Say no, I mentally screamed at myself.
“Yeah, sure.” I blinked and shook my head. “What?”
“You agreed to take a walk with me,” said Isaac.
“Er… ah…”
“Isaac,” Elijah growled. Isaac blinked and turned his attention on him. He let go of me, and I took a step away from both vampires. “She won’t be taking any walk with you anytime soon.”
“Are you going to stop me?” Isaac drawled, taking a step toward me, and my eyes went hot.
“Don’t come any closer,” I said.
“Come with me, and I won’t have to hurt your friend here.”
I stiffened and Elijah’s eyes snapped to me. “I said no!” I mentally picked him up and tossed him across the street. He snarled and swiftly came at me. I clutched my bag of candies tighter and sent him flying again.
“Enough,” said Elijah, and I gasped as the air was sucked out of me. “Like I said,” he growled softly. “She won’t be going anywhere with you anytime soon.”
Isaac stared at him with fear in his eyes. “You’re the Council,” he choked out.
“Mmm, that. I am.”
Isaac got up and flashed in front of him. “Please forgive me. I didn’t know she belongs to you,” he said quickly. I wanted to laugh, but it was impossible as I was frozen in fear.
Elijah laughed darkly. “She doesn’t belong to me, Isaac. She doesn’t belong to anyone.”
“Then, then why can I take her? Look at her, she’s different.” He held his breath as Elijah leaned in.
“I, am well aware of that,” he whispered. “My question is, why, do you want her?” I shuddered as the air grew thicker, and thicker and… darker?
“I—“
“Let’s take this to somewhere more… private,” Elijah said, cutting him off. Isaac grunted as Elijah grabbed him around the neck and dragged him to where I was. He grabbed a hold of my arm and everything went black. He let go of me and pulled Isaac roughly to him. “Now, what were you going to say?” I looked around me. I had no clue where I was, although, I could hear cars passing by in the distance.
“I don’t want her for anything,” Isaac stammered.
“Hmm, then tell me this. Tell me where Evan is, and I just might let you walk away.”
“Evan?” Isaac spluttered. “I don’t know where he is, last I heard from him was a couple of days ago.” He took a step back. “Please, don’t kill me. I beg of you.”
“What do we have here?” I gasped and spun around. Of course, I couldn’t see anything, and then the ground fell from under me.
“She needs to get out of here,” Elijah muttered.
“No,” I gasped. Slowly, my senses came back to life. I was no longer holding my bag of sweets. I was being held up by Tristan. “I want to watch,” I panted. Forcing myself to remain conscious and not faint, I clutched tighter to Tristan, even though his whole body was radiating a cold breeze, stronger than usual.
“If you faint,” said Elijah. “I’m taking you out of here. Be back in a flash.” With an effort, I turned around. I felt Tristan stiffening. He growled.
“Not another step, Isaac,” Tristan hissed.
“Mmm, he tried to escape? Not such a great move if you’re asking not to be killed.” I heard Elijah voice in the distance. Wow, that was quick. I stiffened as I felt a pressure in my head. Jane says thanks for the cookies, Elijah telepathically whispered to me. I relaxed slightly and nodded.
“I’ve done nothing wrong,” Isaac choked out. I blinked and tried to see through the darkness, but couldn’t. Huh, and the air felt suffocating and very cold.
“You’re right, you haven’t,” said Elijah. “When is Evan expecting a call from you?”
“What?”
“You heard me.”
“It’s true,” he gasped. “The stories I’ve heard.”
“Yeah, good gossips to pass around like a few good men having a drink in a fucking bar. Now, answer my question.”
“I, I can’t tell you. He’ll kill me.”
“I think…” Teleportation, Tristan whispered in my head, and before I knew it, I was somewhere else. I blinked up at the dim light bulb above, and then someone gave out a small scream. I pulled away from Tristan and sat down in a chair and looked around. Isaac was standing in front of another vampire who was looking past him to me, and then her gaze quickly went to Tristan and Elijah.
“Isaac?” she asked. “What’s going on?”
“He tried to kidnap me for dinner and not realizing that I wasn’t alone, he went on to compel me to… walk with him so he says and Elijah who was with me decided not to set his ass on fire like I hoped. Instead he suffocated me with whatever and started asking about Evan, and Isaac couldn’t tell him anything, because if he did Evan would have his head on a pole, and now here we are,” I said in a huge rush and blushed so hard as I realize they were all staring at me. “Uh… sorry,” I mumbled. I cleared my throat and shifted nervously. “I won’t say another word,” I said and looked down at the floor.

ELIJAH

Blinking, I put my hand in my pocket, closing around the push-pop and went over to her. I took out the candy and stuck it in her slightly sweaty hand. Her head jerked up in surprise. She took it from me and pulled the top off and started to struggle with the plastic wrapper. After a few more seconds of staring, I finally turned my attention to the whole room. “Jayr, I hope you are more… useful than your boyfriend here,” I said.
“Don’t touch her,” Isaac snarled.
I smiled. “If she’s a good girl and answer one simple question, I won’t lay a finger on her,” I said, walking over to stand in front of him.
“She has nothing to do with this.”
“I beg to differ,” I whispered. He stiffened. “Move,” I hissed. “Or I’ll make every vampire under this roof my dinner of choice.” He gulped and glaring at me, he reluctantly moved out of the way. “Now,” I said, stepping a little closer to the wide-eyed vampire. “Sweet Jayr, why don’t you tell me everything?”
“Yes,” she breathed. “What do you want to know?”
I smirked. “What do you know about Isaac and Evan?”
“I know that Evan is expecting to meet with him tomorrow night.”
I blinked. “Oh, really? How wonderful that we cross paths then.”
“Are you going to kill him?” she asked.
“Who? Isaac? Maybe I’ll have a bite out of him or two.”
“No, Evan.”
I stared at her suspiciously. “Yes, if he doesn’t give us what we want.”
“Let me come with you.”
“What?” Tristan asked heavily. “Did I hear that right, brother?”
I nodded. “You sure did.”
“Now, what would we gain in having you coming along for the fun?” he asked.
She shifted nervously. “I want out.”
“Jayr!” Isaac shouted. I winced. “What are you saying?”
She glared at him. “I’m saying that I want out of this service you and Evan have.”
“Who will you serve?” I shrugged and turned to Tristan. I nodded to the door. I went over to Ryah and poked her. She winced and got up. I put a hand on her and led her outside and far away from the shouting match. “I didn’t expect that,” I muttered.
“Service?” Ryah whispered. “You mean like uh… er… she owes him something and have to uh…” She stuck the candy back and her mouth and stared up at us.
“Yes and no,” I said.
She blinked. “Huh?”
I smirked. “She doesn’t owe him, but she works for him as a spy.”
“Oh. The Night Stalkers.”
Tristan chuckled. “She hasn’t been doing her job properly,” he said.
“What?”
“She has been… lying shall I say, to him.”
“You’re kidding right?”
He laughed. “Sweetie, I can hear everything inside that mind of hers.”
She gulped. “No one can keep you out can they?”
“No,” Tristan and I said in unison.
“Uh oh,” she said, blinking rapidly and biting off a piece of her candy. We watched as Jayr dragged Isaac by the throat over to where we were standing. She shoved him to the ground and glared at him. I looked at her.
“By the way,” Jayr grumbled, looking me straight in the eye. “I’m not his girlfriend.”
I chuckled. “That’s not what he thinks.”
She kicked him, and he groaned. “So he tells me.” She growled. “Again, I want out, Isaac. So when you see Evan tomorrow night, I want you to pass on the message.” She looked over at Ryah. “Hello there.”
“Uh, hi,” Ryah said, glancing nervously between me and Tristan.
“You know, sucking that blue berry pop is increasing the taste of your blood.”
She cleared her throat. “Um, I know.”
“And… you’re standing between the two vampires who can barely keep their fangs to themselves.”
I frowned at her. “We so can to,” I grumbled.
She laughed. “Yeah, I know, but it takes more effort for you than for me.” Her dark red eyes narrowed. “I pledge myself to you.” I took in a sharp breath and let it out slowly.
“What!?” Ryah spluttered.
“Say that again,” I said.
“You’re fucking crazy,” Isaac snarled and got up.
“I know,” said Jayr. She shrugged.
“Evan’s going to kill you, you know.”
She huffed. “You made that very clear, Isaac,” she said through gritted teeth. I looked over at Tristan questioningly. His fangs pierced his lower lip in thought. “Anyways, I said I pledge myself to you.” Tristan licked the blood away and stared at her hard.
“Just to let you know,” Ryah said, holding back a laugh. “These vampires you’re pledging yourself to, are fucking scary.”
Jayr laughed. “I know they are. I know they bite vampires. I know they have great powers beyond my imagination. I know they’re much faster, stronger, and more sensitive to sunlight and such, and the list goes on and on.”
Ryah gulped. “Er… okay then.”
Jayr looked at me. I took a step back, shaking my head in amusement. “Don’t look at me. I’m not the oldest here.” I laughed. “It’s a lifetime thing, Jayr. The only way out is death, and the process hurts like hell.”
“Isn’t it just drinking the blood of whoever you are going to work for?” she asked. Tristan laughed evilly. She winced. “Okay, guess that’s a no.”
“In our case, doesn’t work that way,” I said, smirking.
“Ah… I’m not sticking around to watch,” said Ryah.
I glanced down at her. “Why not?” I asked even though I knew what she was going to say.
“I plan not to get my throat ripped out anytime soon.” I sniffed and inhaled the scent of her blood mixed with that damn push-pop and growled. I stiffened and bit down hard on my tongue, drawing a lot of blood. “Oh, no no no no no,” she said backing away quickly. “Stay where you are,” she gasped.
“Elijah,” said Jayr.
I blinked. “What?” I said roughly. My hands shot out and grabbed Isaac, jerking him back.
“I’m not going to let you do it,” Isaac growled, glaring at Jayr.
“Hmm, who’s going to stop me?” she asked sweetly. “You? If you haven’t notice, I am stronger than you. Don’t even think about challenging me to a blood battle, because you know that I will get first blood.” I think I’m going to like this one, Tristan growled in my head. I smirked. Me too. “So, you can just forget about it all right now, because I’m not going to change my mind.”
Isaac snarled and pulled away from me. He turned to glare at me. “What did you do to her?” he spat out.
I hissed, ignoring the hot tingling sensation running through my body. Breathing fast, I wrapped my hands around his throat.
“Ryah, come here.” Jayr’s voice was a buzz in my mind as I leaned closer to him. He gasped and tried to back away.
“I, haven’t done anything to her,” I said in a low growl. “She made up her own mind.” I put my fangs to his throat. “You would know it, if I was forcing her to choose.”
“I’m sorry,” he choked out. “I—“
“Silence,” I whispered. “Don’t want to hear it. Now, since you’re meeting with Evan, I’m going to let you live a little longer.”
“I—" I dug my fingers into his neck. Blood slowly coated my fingers as he screamed. With great effort, I straightened up and gazed into his eyes, taking a hold of his mind, letting the compulsion wash over him.
“I’m tired of hearing you talk,” I said softly. “Here’s what I want you to do. I want you to go to this meeting as you planned. Once there, you will tell him that Jayr is no longer his. You will not tell him that you’ve met me or my brother. Do you understand?”
“Yes.” I took a deep breath and released him. I let him go and his hands automatically went up to his bleeding neck. I coughed as the scent of smoke reached me. I realized that Tristan wasn’t beside me. I blinked as two shiny black cards flew through the air to hover in front of Isaac. He took in a sharp breath. “What the?”
“Take it,” I growled. He took the cards and stared at it. The air stirred as Tristan flashed back to my side. Isaac’s eyes went unfocused once more.
“You will give Evan the card,” Tristan whispered.
“I will,” said Isaac.
“He’ll know exactly what it means.”
He blinked and took several steps away from us, gasping. His eyes darting back to the cards in his hands in disbelief. “How could you… compel me?” he asked.
“Same way you compel humans,” I said. I smiled, revealing my fangs. “Don’t you wish you had the ability to do that?” I asked. “Too bad, you don’t.” I turned my attention on Jayr who was standing a good distance from us with Ryah at her side. “Jayr, we would like to have a word with you.” I glared at Isaac and once again let the compulsion wash over him. “I would like you to go inside and worry about nothing,” I said to him. He nodded and flashed back inside. I sighed and walked over to Jayr and Ryah. I grabbed Ryah and she squeaked. “NSC HQ,” I grumbled and teleported. She squealed and ran off the moment I let go of her.
“Downstairs,” said Tristan. I grunted and followed him. Did you find Loria and Tory? I mentally asked him. He growled and nodded. Where? 1241 Timber Road. Why didn’t you get them out? He stopped and turned to look at me. Because that is where Evan is, and I want to give him a time of his life. He smirked. Besides, Loria and Tory are doing fine. He’s not going to kill them, because he wants you and me, and he knows if he kills them, he won’t get any info. He’s going to break them first. Good luck with that, I muttered. He flashed his fangs. I want to give Drizella one last visit. You up for it? I nodded. He chuckled and turned back to Jayr. He continued down the hall and stopped in front of a small room. How many damn rooms are in this damn house? He opened the door and stepped inside. Hmm, carpeted room. Huh. “One last chance, Jayr,” Tristan said, backing her up until she was pressed against the wall. She gasped as energy crackled around the room. “Say it,” he whispered.
“I sever the oath that I made to Evan. I give you my loyalty, my blood, my body, soul, and mind. I am willing to bleed for you and die for you. I will never disobey a direct order. I will not betray you in any way, if I do, you are welcome to dispose of me however you wish with no questions ask. Tristan Tronis…” I grimaced, oh, here we go. Jayr, you asked for it. “I pledge myself to you.”
“Silence her,” I said quickly as he struck. I sighed in relief as the screams didn’t come. I stepped closer and put a hand on his shoulder, preparing to pull him off of her if need be. Jayr’s eyes were wide and unfocused. She jerked in pain and tried to hold her breath. After a few minutes of only heavy breathings, Tristan withdrew his fangs, only to open his own wrist and pressed it to her mouth. Jayr gulped down the blood ferociously, and she relaxed as the pain reseeded.
“Enough,” he whispered.
She withdrew her fangs and shuddered. “Please tell me that’s a onetime thing,” she groaned.
He licked his lips and smiled. “It is.”
“Congratulation,” I said. “Welcome to the Tronis’s inner circle.”
“Thanks,” she grumbled, absent mindedly rubbing at her neck. I removed my hand from Tristan and stepped back. Tristan let her go and nodded. He gave her a hard look.
“Where’s Evan?” he asked.
“In San Diego, 1241 Timber Road,” she said.
He smiled. “Good, was just testing you.”
She winced. “Already?”
He smirked. “You can come with us when we go to see Evan. I’ll even let you talk to him… maybe, if I don’t rip his throat out first.”
She smiled. “I can hardly wait.”
He glanced at the doorway. Trynnadon was standing there, looking at Tristan questioningly. “This is Jayr,” he said. “Jayr, this is Tryn, short for Trynnadon.” He walked over to him. “Mind introducing her to everyone here?”
Trynnadon smiled. “Of course. He sniffed the air and sniffed again. He chuckled. “Jayr, you are crazy.”
“I’ve been told that already,” she said, walking over to the door.
“I have to say, you’ve chosen the best one. You have no idea how great they are.”
I cleared my throat. “Okay, enough with that.”
He laughed. “I was just telling her that you have a soft side too… kind of.”
Tristan and I grumbled. “Whatever, get out of here,” I said, nodding to Jayr. “Have fun,” I said and teleported outside.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-two

TRISTAN

I smirked. “Jayr, one last thing,” I said, following her and Trynnadon back upstairs, stopping in front of a door that led in to the main parts of the house.
“Um, should I be afraid?” she asked, turning around to look at me.
I smiled and grabbed her hand which was still rubbing at her neck. She blinked and looked down. “There’s already a girl here who has the habit of rubbing her stomach, so stop that.”
She laughed. “Sorry,” she said and pulled her hand out of mine. “Can’t help it when it’s still tingling.”
“Will be gone in about a minute or so.”
She shrugged. “Good, where are you headed off to?”
“I’m off to pay someone one last visit.”
She shivered. “Well, have fun then.”
“Oh, I will. I definitely. Will.” I sent a sharp command to the outside doors, and it crashed open. I walked out and over to Elijah who was eyeing Gabriella’s hand which was gripping the latch a little too tightly. “Doesn’t that hurt?” I asked her. She blinked and jerked her hand away. She stared at it as more blood slowly came out, threatening to spill over at any moment.
“Uh… sorry,” she squeaked. I reached out and grabbed her hand. She held her breath as my tongue darted out to lick the blood. Argh, gross, the taste of metal nearly made me gag. I let go of her hand which was now healed and nodded to the gate. “You can go through,” she said, backing away quickly. Elijah grumbled and opened the gate and I followed him out.
“Do I get a reward for not attacking her?” Elijah asked.
“I didn’t say you couldn’t attack her,” I muttered.
“Mmm, next time I’ll remember that,” he said as we sped to the Belmont Hotel. Once there, Elijah flashed inside and for the elevator, leaving me to deal with the receptionist. I walked up to the desk and reached for her. She took in a sharp breath and tried to jerk away, but my hand at the back of her neck prevented her from moving.
“What are—?”
“Turn off the cameras,” I whispered.
“What?”
I looked her in the eye and let the compulsion roll over her. “I said turn off the cameras, and you won’t remember seeing me.” She nodded, and I released her. Not bothering to stick around to watch her do as I said, I went to the elevator and punched the up button. Once inside, I hit for the third floor, and I was out of there once it opened. I looked around and room 323 was being held open. I stepped inside and the door slammed shut behind me.
“Took you long enough,” said Elijah.
“Twenty seconds to be exact,” I growled. I looked over to Drizella who was staring at us with wide eyes.
“She’s silenced and unable to move,” he said, smirking. “She rushed me when I came in. Such a rude way to greet someone, don’t you think?”
I smiled. “Wrong move,” I said, walking over to her. “Are you ready to talk? Or are you still playing clueless?” I reached out and jerked her to me. “Tell me.”
“Not going to tell you shit!” she snarled.
I snarled and propel her across the room. I was on her in a blink. She screamed as I broke down all her barriers. “Where is he?” I growled.
“He’s in San Diego,” she choked out. “At 1241 Timber Road.” She squirmed beneath me, her terror beating at me. “It’s one of those buildings never used,” she gasped. “He’s expecting to see me tomorrow night.”
“Is he? Because your service here is done,” I said and tore her throat open, and she shrieked. “Goodnight, sweetheart,” I whispered and punched my now glowing hand into her chest. Incinerating her heart. I got off of her and let out a sigh, glancing at Elijah.
“Was poisoning her necessary?” he asked and blinked. “Oh wait, don’t answer that.” He walked over to the body and reached into her pocket, pulling out a cell phone and throwing it at me. I caught it. “Let’s hope he calls,” he said and before I could say anything or nod, a fireball landed on the body. It sizzled as the window opened. He ripped the screen, and I watched as he picked up the body and out the window it went.
I groaned. “Couldn’t you wait until we’re actually outside?” I asked.
“Sorry,” he muttered and leaned out the window. “I couldn’t wait.”
“That much is obvious,” I muttered. “Hey, the fire—" I hissed as the hotel fire alarm blared. I launched myself out the window after Elijah, landing in a crouch three stories below. “That,” I growled.
“I swear I’ve gone half deaf,” Elijah muttered, his hands over his ears.
I straightened. “Not the only one,” I said. “Come on, let’s get out of here.” He picked up the charred body and headed for the trees with me following behind him.
“You go on. I’ll get Taylor and Avery and meet you there.”
“Right.” I turned and headed back toward the hotel.
“Grab Jayr!” he shouted after me as I made my way to the front. I groaned as sirens grew louder and louder as four fire trucks pulled into the parking lot. Cursing, I flash passed them and on to the streets, forcing a car to screech to a halt in front of me. Luckily, there was only one on the road at the moment. The driver, a middle age man, got out and came around to get a better look at me. He peered at me curiously.
“Sir, are you okay? And where on earth did you come from? Looked like you appeared out of nowhere.” He came a little closer and I stiffened, shoving my hands in my pockets to keep from pulling him a lot closer and biting him. “Do you need a ride?” he asked when I remained silent. I nodded. “Of course, I’ll be happy to give you a lift.” He gestured to the passenger side door. “Go on.” I sidestep and went around. He opened it and nodded. With difficulty, I slid into the small ass car, hunched over. “Sorry,” he said and slammed the door shut. I silently cursed as the door open, blowing in his scent my way as he got in. “So, are you okay?” he asked as he started driving. “You’re too pale for my liking.” He sighed when I didn’t say anything. “Okay then, where to?”
“Just drive,” I said tightly.
“Um, okay.” I shifted uncomfortably in the tight cramped car, my eyes sliding down to stare at the pulse in his throat. He shivered as he felt what was no doubt a tingling feeling at his neck. He glanced at me and then back to the road. He cleared his throat. “Why are you looking at me as if I’m food?” I blinked and tore my gaze to the road. “Did you eat anything today? We could stop at a fast food if you like.”
“Pull up to the side,” I growled.
“What?”
“There’s no one here, so pull up.”
“Are you sure?”
I held back a snarl. “I like you to drop me off here,” I said through gritted teeth. He shook his head and pulled to the side of the road. “Park it,” I growled. I threw the door open and got out. Slamming it shut, I walked around to the driver side and tap on the window. I took a deep breath and barely manage to stop myself from pulling the door open and dragging him out as he rolled the window down to look at me in confusion. “Do you mind stepping out for a minute?”
He frowned. “Are you okay?”
“Yes,” I said impatiently. “Step out or I’ll make you.” I backed away from the door as he opened it and got out.
“Okay, I’m out. What now?”
“Come closer.”
“Dude—" I growled and pulled him roughly to me. “What the—?" He gasped as I sank my fangs deep in his neck. I pulled the sweet warm blood and swallowed. “What the hell are you doing?” he gasped, pushing at me. “Let go of me.” I pulled one last mouthful and withdrew my fangs. Licking the wound close, I let him go and step back. His hand automatically flew up to his neck, feeling around for any injuries. “You bit me!” He looked up and flinched. I licked my lips and nodded. “You’re—“
“You won’t remember stopping in the middle of the road or seeing anybody. You were on your way home from work, because you don’t feel well,” I said, gazing deeply into his eyes. He nodded. “Now, I want you to get into your car and drive off as if nothing ever happened.” I watched as he got in, put the car into drive and drove off. I blew out a breath and teleported.
I winced as I was suddenly surrounded by rain. I sighed. It was raining in San Diego? Hmm, should have flipped on the weather channel. I crossed Timber Road and flash passed the four guards standing out front. Grateful for the smell of rain in the air, I relaxed slightly and drew back on my eerie presence, cloaking myself from a good handful of vampires standing guard around the property. Did you forget Jayr? Elijah mental voice whispered in my clouded head. No, I got thirsty and didn’t bother getting her. Too bad, she’s here. So is Isaac. I grunted and continued to survey my surroundings. Damn, he got guards everywhere. I’ve noticed. I’m thinking about playing with one of them. Tristan, don’t. What? Brother, remember Evan? Of course, I growled. Spotting Elijah a good distance back, I headed toward him. “You were supposed to come get me,” Jayr softly hissed as I stopped in front of them.
“I was?” She growled and looked past me. “Where’s…” The air stirred as Taylor and Avery suddenly appeared out of thin air. “Never mind,” I muttered. “Jayr.” She stiffened and turned to look at me. “You know your way around here?”
“Sorry, no, but Isaac does.”
“Hmm.” I turned around and scanned the line of vampires. Spotting Isaac walking to the front door, I slipped in his mind and held it. He gave a startled look before his expression became blank and lifeless as I took control of his body. I stiffened as a cold hand touched my arm. I looked to my right to find Taylor looking at me.
“I’m going to surround us all in darkness,” she whispered. “That way, the rest can’t see us, but know something’s not right.” I nodded, and then a suffocating feeling washed over me. Jayr squeaked in alarm. With the others behind me, I started forward, getting closer and closer to the guards. Once we were about twenty feet away from them, I stopped and turned Isaac around and walk back the way he came, forcing him to a stop as one of the guards approached him.
“Isaac?” said the guard. I slipped into the guard and plucked out his name.
“Brian,” said Isaac.
Brian stared at Isaac more closely. “Are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine.”
He shifted nervously and gestured for another guard to come forward. “Jason, take a look at Isaac. Something’s wrong.”
“What?” Jason stepped closer and stared at Isaac. “Looks like he’s not even home. How could that be? We can’t control each other.”
Brian grunted. “I know.” He waved a hand in front of Isaac’s face. “Isaac, you there?”
“Yeah, I’m here.”
“Maybe you should release him,” Taylor whispered in my ear. I shook my head. “Just do it, I want to see what happens.” I again shook my head. “At least give him back control of his head movement.” I sighed and reluctantly gave him back control of his head.
“Oh hey, you’re back,” said Brian.
Isaac shook his head in confusion. “What happened?” he asked.
“You tell us. A few seconds ago you looked like you were out of it.” Isaac eyes widen in horror. “What?” Brian and Jason asked simultaneously.
“Tr—" He choked as I cut off his airway. If you say my name, I’ll drain every single drop of your blood and cap you, I silently snarled at him. He gasped as air was returned to him.
“What?” Brian asked, looking around him.
Isaac shook his head, his eyes darting all over the place. “He’ll kill me.”
“Who?”
“Can’t tell you. I’m not going to be the first to die here. No fucking way, not happening.”
“What the hell are you on about?”
“Nothing.”
“Tristan,” Taylor hissed. “Release him.” I sighed and grudgingly let go of my hold on him. She tugged at my shirt, forcing me to back up a few steps.
“What?” I said in annoyance as she continued to back me further into the shadows.
“I’m quite enjoying their interactions,” she whispered. “Come on, they might let something slip.”
I sighed. “Fine.”
“Can we just teleport inside?” Jayr asked softly.
“Doesn’t always work like that,” I said. “Although, you could go up to them and you know, make things… go a little faster?” I smirked. “I’m sure Evan holds you in his… good grace.”
“No he doesn’t.”
“And you know this for sure?”
“No, but…”
“But?” I flashed my fangs at her when she didn’t continue. “Go on, go and say hey.”
She groaned. “Do I have to? Couldn’t you do it?”
“I don’t think they’ll appreciate my presence at the moment.” I narrowed my eyes. “So, you will do as I say. Go up to them and make yourself known.”
“But, I can’t. He’s not expecting to see me.”
“All the better.”
“Tristan,” she groaned.
“What?”
“I don’t want to go up to them and look like an ass here.”
“Well, even better.”
“Damn it you.”
“You can damn me to hell all you like, but get moving.”
“This isn’t really necessary,” she muttered.
“Are you defying me?”
“No, but there has to be another way.”
“There is? Do tell. It’s going to be dawn soon, and I prefer to be out of the sunlight. Maybe you enjoy being under it, but I definitely don’t.”
She winced. “Sunglasses don’t help?”
“It… does, but I’m more sensitive to it, remember? The heat of the sun feels like a million blunt needles stabbing at me… you get the idea. So in that case, I prefer to stay out of it as much as I can.” I nodded to the guards who were darting in all direction. “Go on. Unless you have another idea, talk fast.”
She sighed and shook her head in defeat. “Fine, I’ll do it,” she grumbled. The air rippled as she broke from the shadows within shadows.
“I like her,” said Elijah. “With her, I wonder how long your self-control will last before you rip her open.”
I glared at him. “You’ll know when I snap.”
He smirked. “Yeah, another few minutes of her refusal?” He shrugged.
“Thanks,” I muttered.
“For?”
“Reminding me that I have no problem snapping your neck if I wanted to.”
“Ouch.”
“If you two stop talking and pay attention,” Avery hissed. “You’ll notice that Jayr is going inside.”
“We’ve noticed,” Elijah muttered. “But thanks for letting us know.”
“Let’s move,” I growled. “Taylor and Avery, take the back. Elijah—“
“Yes yes I know. I’m with you,” he interrupted.
I cursed. “Yes, you are.” Growling, I stalked up to the nearest guard.
“What the?” The guard stiffened and tried to peer through the shadows. He gasped and flew back in shock as Taylor drew back the darkness, revealing us standing a foot or so in front of him. My brain went on a roller coaster ride as my vision went red, my energy snapping, and my head filled with the sound of rushing blood and pounding hearts. In the distance, screams could be heard as guards after guards dropped to the ground. A hard blow to the side of my head snapped me out of it long enough for Elijah to propel me to the door.
“Evan, remember?” he growled. “Go, I got this.” I flashed back up and pulled the door open and sniffed the air. I swallowed hard and with all the effort I could muster up, I barely contained myself from blowing out the lights or shattering the windows. Taking a deep breath, I slowly went down the hall and up the stairs. I stopped in front of another door and paused to listen.
“I said I no longer serve you,” Jayr said tightly. I had to concentrate harder than usual to hear the conversation taking place inside, over the loud rush in my ears. Jayr gasped as she was thrown up against the wall, or it sounded like it at least.
“What did you say?” Evan snarled.
“You heard me you motherfucker,” she spat.
“I told her that you would kill her,” said Isaac.
“Shut up Isaac. You don’t know jack shit. Evan wouldn’t kill me, because he knows that if he so much draw blood, his name will only be a vague memory.” She laughed. “Isn’t that right?”
I pushed the door open and stepped inside. “Yes. It is,” I said in a low growl, closing the door behind me. Jayr smiled while Isaac swallowed nonstop, and Evan stood there in shock. “Mmm.” I walked over to Evan and glared down at him. “It’s an honor to finally meet you at last,” I drawled. Jayr snickered softly.
“Tristan,” Evan breathed.
I inclined my head. “Evan.”
“How did you get through?”
“Oh, I have my ways.”
“What have you done to my guards?” he asked stiffly.
“I assure you, your guards are fine apart from having a splitting headache, but other than that…?” I smiled. “Well, their lives are in your hands. You tell me where Aiden is, and I’ll tell my brothers and sister to release them. You don’t tell me? One word… well you get the point.” I snatched Isaac and spun him around to face him. “What will it be? You tell me? Or Isaac dies.” I grazed the back of his neck, making my point very clear.
“Tell him,” Isaac said, desperately trying to get free.
“Why do you care?” Evan asked sharply.
“Stalling, are we?” I sighed. “He and I, or rather he and my long thought to be dead sister have a matter to be settled. Does that answer your question, or do you have more to ask of me, or are you done stalling?” I narrowed my eyes at him. “Well? Enlighten me. I could use some distraction right now. I was seconds away from causing a bloodbath. So start talking. The longer you talk, the longer your guards remain alive. The clock is ticking. Starting. Now.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-three

Evan snarled and started to pace. “Is this who you’re serving?” he asked, stopping in front of Jayr.
“Did I say you can talk to her?” I snapped. “For your information,” I snarled. “If you don’t start telling me the where a bouts of Aiden, I’m going to rip Isaac’s throat out, and mind you, vampire blood are just as delicious as humans.”
“It doesn’t work that way,” he snarled.
“It doesn’t?” I said slowly. Mentally lifting him up, I slammed him against the opposite wall. I spun Isaac back around, my hand coming up to his forehead. I bent his head back and quick as lightning, I lunged for his throat. He screamed as blood quickly filled my mouth. I gulped down the blood while at the same time registering that Evan was shouting something I couldn’t quite make out. Wincing from the blows that Jayr was sending my way, I pulled back and shoved the now unconscious Isaac across the room. Releasing Evan from his immobilized state, I was on him in a blink.
“Wait,” he choked out. I snarled and let him up. He reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone.
“Who is it?” I growled as he peered at the screen.
“No one,” he said, just a little too quickly for my liking.
“Hmm.” I snatched the phone from him and answered it. “Hello Aiden.” I got up and walked across the room and jerked Isaac up.
“Evan?”
“He’s currently unavailable at the moment,” I said airily. “I can give him a message if you like.”
“Who is this?”
“I’m a friend of his.”
“Oh? Then why don’t I recognize your voice? I’ve met all of Evan’s friends, and you don’t sound familiar to me.”
“Hmm, keeping tabs on who he’s hanging with now, are you?”
“Who is this?” he snapped.
“My, my, not in a good mood tonight?” I asked slowly. “Well that makes the two of us.”
“Where is he?” he growled.
“He’s across the room from me. He’s fine, but not for long though.”
“Who the hell is this?”
“Do you honestly want to know?”
“Yes, so I can kick your ass when I find you.”
I laughed. “Oh, let’s see… let me take you back to Kansas 1996, a nice breezy summer night in a lovely holdup at one of your headquarters. In which twelve of your followers mysteriously died a fiery death. You remember it, don’t you?” Dead silence. “If not, let me help you refresh your memory even further. Evelyn Tronis.”
“Fucking shit!” he snarled. “Don’t you dare touch him!”
“Mmm.” I punched my hand through Isaac’s chest and ripped out his heart. “I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“God damn it you son of a bitch!”
I laughed. “Don’t worry. It wasn’t Evan. Although his guards were a little… too distracted to come to Isaac’s rescue. I think I’ll let them die slowly and painfully. Good way to go, don’t you think?” The air was charged as my energy flowed out of me. Kill them all slowly and painfully, I telepathically growled, and then the night was filled with screams. Behind me, Jayr was gasping and Aiden was currently cursing up a storm in my ear. I toss the bleeding heart in the trashcan and crossed the room to stand in front of Evan. “I have one more here…”
“Stop!”
“I have to tell you, Evan looks quite delicious. Maybe, I’ll have a quick bite out of him. I think he has a couple of pints left he can spare.”
“No!”
“Hmm, too bad, I currently have a death warrant hanging over his head.”
“Let me talk to him!”
“He can’t come to the phone right now, maybe later? And could you please stop with the shouting? It’s not going to get you anywhere.”
Aiden growled and swore to hell and back. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “What do you want from me?” he asked slowly and carefully.
“I want to know where you are,” I softly growled.
“Fuck you, not happening.”
I chuckled. “Don’t you think you’ve been on the run long enough?”
“When all my followers suddenly fall off the face of the earth, I knew I had to run,” he spat.
“Well, you were right. We take offense when you attempted to burn one of us alive.”
“If only you shared some of those powers of yours, I wouldn’t have taken her.”
“So you can create mass destruction on the world?” I drawled.
“They are just humans, Tristan. You of all people should know that.”
I laughed. “I do. Let me ask you this then. Where will you get blood when there are no more humans to speak of?”
“We can rule over them.”
“No, you will follow the laws,” I snapped. “Or would you prefer I take all your rights to feed. Wait, don’t even bother answering, I already have you marked for death when I find you,” I snarled and punch the end button before a word could escape him. I cursed and shoved the phone in my pocket. I took a deep breath and turned to Jayr who was standing at the far corner of the room. “Jayr,” I hissed.
“What?” she squeaked.
“Take Evan back to the NSC HQ and lock him up. I want to keep him a little longer. You will go back with Taylor.” She nodded. “But before you go?” I flashed in front of her and tilt her chin up to look at me. She went unfocused as I gazed deeply into her eyes. “You will forget the bit where I said attempted to burn one of us alive.” She nodded. “I was told to keep it a secret,” I whispered. I released her and nodded to the door. “Go on. I’ll be right behind you.”
“But what about Loria and Tory?”
I cursed. “They’re not here anymore.”
“Damn it. It’s my fault, bite me.”
“Already did, once.” I nodded to Evan. “Grab him and let’s move.”
“Okay, okay, I’m on it.” She flashed over to Evan and jerked him up. I growled and willed the door open. I led Jayr back outside and straight to Taylor as the sight and smell of blood swamped me. She spun around and snarled. I put up my hands to stop her and gestured to Jayr.
”Ta med dem tillbaka och se till att Evan är säkrat,” I growled. “Loria och Tory är inte här längre.” Her eyes widened in confusion. I hissed in annoyance. Sluta med det!” I snarled. “Jag vill ha dig tillbaka hit efter du ser honom. Jag vill Jayr, Isabelle, Jade, Trent, Ari, och Preston på sin vakt hela tiden. Rör honom inte… än. Är jag tydlig?"
“Yes, yes, I’m going,” Taylor spat, and in the blink she snatched Jayr who was still holding Evan and disappeared.
“Tell me it isn’t so,” Elijah snarled. He jerked one of the guards up and plunge his fangs deep in his neck. I hissed and moved into a crouch position.
“Release them,” I growled. I dragged one of the guards over and straightened, pulling him up with me. Baring my fangs, I growled and darted for the bleeding wound in his neck. Power surged through and out of me, and he convulsed in my arms once, twice, and then went limp. Draining him of all blood, I pulled back and in one swift move, I tore off the head. I looked around me and did a headcount. Only five were still alive, and the terror pouring off of them was doing me no favors.
“Eight guards are missing,” Elijah snarled.
“They’re probably the one with Loria and Tory,” Avery said impatiently. He sent another guard flying. “They’re no help at all,” he growled. I hungrily stared at each one of the guards in consideration. Thank god all of them were silenced. My head whipped around as Taylor appeared beside me.
“I had to compel Jayr to stay,” she growled. I nodded stiffly. She sighed and stepped toward another guard.
“Do whatever you wish with them,” I said tightly and flashed back inside. I blurred down the hall and into a small dimly lit room where a few more vampires were hiding in. There were seven of them, and they shrank back in terror as I stopped in the doorway.
“Hmm,” Elijah said from behind me. “What are they doing in here?” He chuckled. “Newbies,” he drawled. “What an interesting change of event.”
I closed my eyes and rubbed the back of my neck. I sighed and snapped my eyes opened and glared at the vampires standing before me. “Come,” I snarled. They automatically obeyed as I turned to head back outside. “Clear out this shithole and burn it,” I snapped at Elijah before slamming the door on him. I led the fear stricken vampires back to where Avery and Taylor were standing, staring questioningly at me. I spun around to face them. “Names! Now!” The one in front gulped and took a step toward me, his hands up in surrender.
“I’m Draven,” he choked out. He took a deep shuddering breath and pointed. While he was introducing himself, the other formed a line, left to right. “This is Trinity, Donna, Taran, Kaylee, Voran, and Eden.”
I blew out a breath. Rubbing my eyes, I turned to Avery and Taylor. “Strip them, search them, and break them,” I growled. “I’d do it myself, but I’m afraid I’ll kill them instead.” I smirked. “When you’re done, meet me at my place. I’ll be waiting.”
“Wait,” Avery said quickly. My eyes narrowed. He gestured to the blood and bodies.
“Elijah will take care of it,” I growled. “In the meantime, I want these seven before me as soon as possible. There are rules to be had.”
Avery smiled. “Indeed, there are.”
I glanced down at myself and winced at the blood covering me. “Damn,” I muttered. “Is this rain going to let up anytime soon?” I cursed. “I’ll see you in a bit,” I said and disappeared into thin air.
Sending the door crashing open, I stepped inside the dark house. Once the door slammed shut and not bothering with the lights, I headed for the bathroom. I grumbled and with difficulty, strip the wet clothes off. After pulling out Evan’s phone, I tossed it in the sink. I willed the shower on and stepped into the cold water and hissed as it sent shivers throughout my whole body. It was also a nice refresher to my clouded mind. I cursed and started washing up quickly. A few minutes later, I was dressed and had my bloody clothes stuffed in a bag. Opening the backdoor, I tossed it into the dumpster. Damn, I really do need an unlimited supply of clothes. Slamming the door shut, I headed for the kitchen. Opening the fridge, I winced at the bright ass light and glared at the half dozen blood bags on the top shelf. Sighing in disgust, I snatched a bag, punctured it, and slurp the cold thick blood down. I grimmest and tossed the empty bag in the trash. Muttering, I grabbed a second and slammed the refrigerator shut. I tore it opened and down it. After tossing that in the trash, I went into the living room and plopped myself on the couch. I leaned back, ignoring the fact that the two bags of blood I just finish wasn’t helping at all. God damn it all to hell. Taking out the phone, I tossed it onto the table with a curse. Stupid, god damn, brainless vampires. Could they get anymore stupider? Apparently, by Evan’s standards? Yes. Talk about a poor piss job at the choice of humans to turn. Turning humans for kicks and giggles was an automatic death sentence, but of course… there are some who just don’t want to follow the rules. I growled softly and then snarled as my head exploded. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Evelyn’s voice pounded painfully in my head, making it even more impossible to think clearly. I’m sorry, she groaned. White light was all I could see as I waited for the excruciating pain to ease. I came at a bad time didn’t I? Finding myself sprawled on the floor and gasping in huge amount of air, I could feel her digging around in my head. Damn, she hissed. I did. Stop that! I snapped. Okay, okay, don’t go all snappish on me. Breathing deeply, I slowly got off the floor and back on the couch. Where are you? I asked. I’m fine, don’t worry about me, she said gently. Hot waves of energy coursed through me as I fought to keep myself in the right frame of mind. Deep breath, she whispered. She sighed. I should’ve checked if you fed before making contact with you, she grumbled. Lesson learned, she muttered. Can I help you with something? I growled. I was going to see if you found Evan, and it looks like you have. I snorted. Right, I drawled. What’s the real reason? She sighed. I missed you, Tristan. I missed you. I groaned and cursed. Yeah, yeah, I know, a little too late to tell you so, right? No, I sighed. It’s never too late. Tell me I’m not the only one you said this to? You think you’re my only favorite? I told Taylor, Avery and Elijah. Although, only in their dreams. Fifteen years, Evelyn. Really? I sighed. I had too, if a word got out that I was still alive? Aiden would do all he can to recapture me, and I was not going to take that risk, she said tightly. Then why come to me now? Because of Taylor. Taylor? I asked in confusion. When she got captured for a short amount of time, it reminded me how much I wanted Aiden dead. I want him as much as you do, Tristan. I have to go. I can hear Elijah and the others outside. You have to go and let them in, she said and darkness closed around me.
I awoke with a gasp to find Elijah and Taylor looming over me. Taylor took in a deep breath and let it out sharply. “Okay. What happened?” I sat up and snarled at her. “Hey, hey,” she said, backing up quickly. “None of that now.”
Elijah narrowed his eyes on me. “If you don’t want to tell us. That’s fine.”
“But—“
He put up a hand to silence her. “Does he look like he’s in a mood to talk?” he asked.
“No,” she sighed heavily. “He could do with some blood though,” she muttered.
“Yeah,” he drawled. “I can totally see that.”
“Does he have any emergency bagged blood around?” A low growl escaped me. She sighed. “I know that you hate it. We all hate it.” Elijah made a disgusted sound. “But we all know without it, you’ll kill an innocent someone.”
“He already downed two bags earlier,” said Elijah.
I snarled at him. “Get. Out. Of. My. Head.” They both leapt aside as I suddenly lunged for one of the vampires standing silently behind them. Eden, I think it was, screamed as I knocked her backward. I froze as I felt the cold sharp metal blade of a knife at the back of my neck. I snapped my mouth shut and silently cursed. I slowly turned my head to find Elijah standing over the two of us. He smiled evilly and removed it. He put one hand on my shoulder and pushed me off of her. Eden flashed to her feet and moved swiftly to the far side of the living room. I glared up at Elijah and bared my fangs.
“Relax,” he said, dropping to the floor beside me. “Here, I never gave your stuff back to you.” He started shoving my phone, keys, wallet, syringes, sunglasses, the mark of death cards, and the very same knife he was currently holding, but this one had a safety covering over it. Once he was done, I forced myself to sit up instead of getting up and lunging for one of the vampires again. “Taylor, go raid his fridge. Bring all the blood you can find.”
“On it,” she said and flashed out of the room. I stared at my brother, this time realizing that there was no blood on him. Huh, they must have cleaned up somewhere else before coming here, and I was glad as hell that they did. Elijah smirked, and I growled at him. He was still reading my thoughts, that bastard.
“Your thoughts are pretty loud, brother.”
“We can’t hear him,” Kaylee said slowly and carefully. Elijah and I turned sharply to her.
“Of course you can’t hear him,” he said softly. “But that’s not your concern, is it?”
She shifted nervously. “No, it’s not.”
“I thought so. Now, stand there and remain silent. The next person to speak? I won’t stop Tristan from ripping you open. Understand?” They all nodded rapidly and took another step back. I licked my lips and flash my fangs at them.
“He only has four bags left,” Taylor grumbled. She came over and dropped it in front of me. Elijah cursed. “Yeah, I feel the same way too,” she muttered. I snatched up one of the bag and punctured it. I smiled as Elijah growled and Taylor cursed. She flipped me off before stalking back into the kitchen. “Tristan, I know you have more around here somewhere.” I pulled the empty bag from my mouth and blinked as my fangs punctured another bag that Elijah was holding. I dropped the one I was holding and took the second one from him. My skin prickled as the first rays of the sun washed over me. Elijah stiffened and glared at the heavy curtains. One of them was pushed aside an inch or so. “Oh my god, chill out,” Taylor snapped as she came in. All the newly turned vampires apart from Draven and Kaylee were cringing away from the little tiny sunlight that was barely visible. She flashed to the window and pulled the curtains wide open, allowing the sun to pour into the living room. My hands automatically went up to cover my eyes and I cursed.
“I think you made your point,” I snarled. She pulled the heavy curtains closed, and I sighed in relief as the room was once again restored back to darkness.
“Ow,” she muttered, rubbing her eyes and blinking rapidly. I drained the third bag of blood and tossed the last one to her. Her hand shot out and caught it. “So, does this mean you’re good to do some lecturing?” she asked.
“No,” I growled. “But we’re not going to get anywhere, if I don’t start now.”
“Hmm, true.”
“Where is Avery?”
“Right behind you,” Avery said tightly. “I just got here.” Picking up the empty bags, I got up and tossed it into the trashcan. Settling back on the couch, I stared at the seven newly turned vampires intently, wondering where the hell to begin.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-four

I glanced at Elijah questioningly. He chuckled and shook his head. “First off,” he said. “Evan has been a terrible sire. He should have been tortured, drained, staked, decapitated, and set on fire… oh wait, we already have that set in motion.” He looked at me. “I gave Ari the go ahead.” I nodded. “And second,” he continued. “He has been lying to you all this time.”
“Everything he just said is true,” I growled. I slipped into Draven’s mind and sift through it. “You are right, Draven. We don’t burn in the sun.” Draven shifted nervously. “All those myths you see on TV are just that, a myth. We can eat garlic and all that fun stuff.” He opened his mouth to speak, but snapped it shut, remembering Elijah’s earlier warning. I smirked. “Go ahead.”
“What about being staked?” he asked.
“Being stake hurts like a son of a bitch, but it won’t kill you, the best it can do is paralyze you.” He nodded. I dropped a mental rope around them and jerked them forward. They gasped and tried to back up, but of course it was no use. I forced them to a stop in front of me. Avery, Taylor, and Elijah came around to face them. “Feedings,” I growled. “Some of you like to get blood from the source. Some of you like bagged blood. Some of you probably like animal blood.” I narrowed my eyes at all of them. “When it comes to biting humans, you. Do. Not. Kill. Them. Unless that particular human is a psychopath serial killer, then I don’t give a fuck what you do with them.” I hissed at Draven. He flinched. “Got that?”
“Yes, yes, I do,” he said, gulping.
“Very good, because I’m putting you in charge of these six.” He nodded. “Any questions?”
“What happens if one of us kills an innocent?” Kaylee asked.
“I’m glad you ask,” I said softly. They glance nervously at each other. I reached out and pulled her closer. She whimpered and stiffened in my arms. “What do you think will happen?” I whispered in her ear. She gulped and pushed at me. I licked the pulse in her neck and she jerked. “You’ll kill us,” she choked out. “That’s exactly what I’ll do,” I breathed. “But before I kill you?” Power surged out of me to wrap around the rest of them, and I sank my fangs deep in her. Bloodcurdling screams filled the room as Kaylee’s agonizing pain also registered to them. Swallowing, I pulled at her neck one last time and pulled back, licking the wound closed. I let go of her and she fell to the floor and curled into a ball, gasping, and wiping frantically at her tears. I leaned back and licked the blood off my lips and watched, as they desperately tried to compose themselves.
“Vampires don’t bite each other,” she gasped.
“No, they usually don’t, but I’m a little… different.”
“How so?” Draven gasped.
I laughed. “Oh, you’ll know soon enough. I, or rather, Elijah, Taylor, Avery, and I have quite the reputation.”
“Oh, hell yeah we do,” Elijah agreed. “Ninety-five percent of the vampire population is… uh… scared of us.”
Taylor smiled coldly. “If you hear the name Tronis somewhere, or the Council. That means they are referring to us.”
“Turning,” I said sharply. “Turning another human into a vampire is restricted. You cannot, I repeat, you cannot turn one because you feel like it, or you think it’s cool, or your friend begged you to. I will hunt you down and kill you so fast; you don’t even know what hit you.”
Avery cleared his throat. “Sorry for the interruption, but can we go back to feeding? I think you missed a few.”
I frowned. “What?”
“You better have blood bags on hand at all times. Even if you hate it with a passion or don’t drink from it daily. It’s there for emergency purposes. When you think you are going to lose control when feeding from humans. You better bring somebody to accompany you, and I don’t mean bringing another human friend. Also, hunt closer to home so you can make a quick escape for those bagged blood.” He looked thoughtful. “Hmm, I think that’s all for the feedings.” He nodded to me. “Back to turning.”
“Right,” I grumbled. “You can only turn a willing human, and you better have a very, very good reason behind it, or I’ll drain every drop of your blood and have your head as a trophy. If we see that you did have a good reason for the turning of a human, the newly turned is force to fill out a registry form, sign it, and go through what we call the strip, search, and break procedure.” I nodded to Taylor. She nodded and disappeared into thin air. The seven vampires gasped and looked at me questioningly. I smiled. “You don’t get to know what the procedure pertains.” Taylor entered the living room with the registry forms and several pens in her hands. “Sit up and fill out this form now.” I sighed. “We usually send these out, but since you are all here, better to do it now and get it over with.”
“Read it through carefully and answer truthfully,” said Elijah. “If you lie, I’ll bite you, not to say I’ll also pluck the truth from your head anyways.” He sighed. “Tristan, you need to restock your refrigerator.” He looked at me thoughtfully. “Want me to do it for you?”
“I would really appreciate it,” I muttered.
He nodded. “Oh, I forgot to tell you. Jag har Tryn, Adalyn, James och Callan söker Loria och Tory. De ringer om de ser sin plats eller något som kan komma till nytta.”
I nodded. “Thanks.”
“No problem.”
“What on earth are you speaking?” Kaylee asked. “It sounds like gibberish to me.”
I chuckled. “Du är inte meningen att förstå vad vi säger,” I said.
“Huh? That’s not English.”
Taylor laughed. “He says, you’re not supposed to understand what we’re saying.”
“Oh.”
“That so call gibberish is Swedish.”
She nodded. “What other languages do you know?”
“Spanish, German, Italian, French… want me to keep going?”
She laughed. “No, I think I got the point.” Taylor nodded and pointed at the paper. She blinked. “I’m almost done.”
“Well, I am going to raid the blood bank,” said Elijah. He moved to the door and looked back at me. He nodded. “I’ll grab a few humans for you.”
“Bring back one,” I said. “I try to keep them out as much as I can.” He nodded in understanding. “I’ll hunt for myself later. Besides, we have to get back to the NSC, and I prefer not to have my ass kicked for accidentally killing one of the humans there.”
Elijah laughed and pulled open the door and hissed as the sun temporarily blinded him. He stepped out only to turn back around to stare intently at Draven. Draven stiffened and turned his head and shivered. “Who will be your second-in-command? Or do you plan to be on your own?” Elijah and I smirked as a name automatically popped into his mind. “That’s a wise choice,” he whispered. “Who is it?”
“Kaylee,” Draven said firmly.
“What!?” Kaylee spluttered in surprise. “Me?”
Draven smiled at her. “Yep.”
“Donna, Taran, Voran, Eden and Trinity, do you all agree?” Elijah asked. They all nodded. “That settles it then.” He cursed and stalked back inside, disappearing into the kitchen, and returning with a huge bin in his hands. Pulling out his sunglasses, he slipped them on and stepped outside, pulling the door closed behind him.
“Hmm, okay,” said Taylor. “What do we do now?” she asked thoughtfully, and then looked at me.
“What?” I muttered. “Why are you looking at me like I’m about to kill someone?”
“I’m not.” Rolling my eyes, I leaned forward and grabbed the stack of forms and shoved it in Avery’s hand. He grumbled and walked down the hall.
“Why do I do all the paperwork?” he asked.
“Because you’re great at it,” I said. He growled and slammed the office door shut. I got up and walked to the heavy steel basement doors, willed it to unlock and crash open, and went down, inhaling the cold air around me. Sighing, I turned to look up at Taylor. “No, I don’t have any blood down here,” I said annoyed. I cross over to a mini refrigerator and pulled it open to make sure. Turns out, I had one bag left. I grabbed it and tossed it up to her. “Can I be alone now?” I said agitatedly and slammed the fridge closed. She nodded and closed the two doors, bolting it and activating the five hundred thousand voltage of electricity that was wired to go off if I decided to go ballistic on the thing. I sighed. Oh well, it’s better to be safe than sorry. Rubbing my eyes, I leaned against the stone wall and relish in the silence.

TAYLOR

I stared at the door, stiffening as Tristan’s energy suddenly wrapped around me like a caged animal. Taking a deep breath, I turned and walked through the second door, closing, bolting, and activating that one as well. All eyes turned on me as I made my way to a chair in the corner. I sat down and stared at them curiously, raising the blood bag to my mouth and puncturing it. Kaylee frowned and cautiously walked over to me. She cleared her throat. “I ah… was just wondering when can we go out to er… hunt?” she asked slowly.
I pulled the half emptied bag away and sighed. “Who else needs to feed?” They all raised their hands. “All of you?” I cursed. “Fine,” I grumbled. “You all can go. Don’t go far,” I warned. “Please,” I ground out. “Tell me that you all know how to use compulsion?” I held my breath and looked at each one of them questioningly. They all nodded as they flashed to the front door. “Good, I want you all back here as soon as you’re done. Got it?”
“I’ll make sure of it,” said Draven.
“Good, it shouldn’t take long,” I said and put the bag to my mouth. I winced as the sun momentarily brightened the living room. Draven cursed and quickly pulled the door shut. Downing the rest of the blood, I tossed it onto the table and got up.
Heading down the hall, I stopped at the office. I knocked and opened it. Avery was glaring at the computer screen and his fingers were flying across the keyboard. I stepped inside and quietly closed the door. Moving up beside him, I opened the lid of the scanner and switch out the paper. Closing it, I watched as he muttered and clicked away. “Only Evelyn has the patients for this kind of stuff,” he muttered.
I nodded, agreeing with him wholeheartedly. “Just be glad that you only have one more to go,” I said.
“Right,” he grumbled. “Doing this for fifteen years is a big fucking pain in the ass.”
“Hmm, tell me about it.”
“You should do this for a change.”
“Uh uh, no way, I think I’ll pass on that. You should be glad that you don’t do this every day.” He grunted. I shivered and stiffened as an eerie vibe came over me.
Avery cursed. “Tristan,” he growled and glanced at the door, expecting it to burst open at any moment.
“Oh, man, I hope those doors will be able to hold him and keep him down there.”
“Elijah said it works.”
I nodded. “Is it the same as ours? It also has those bright overhead lights?”
“Mmhmm.”
“Too bad we can’t deactivate it from inside,” I muttered.
“It’s supposed to activate itself when he closes the doors.”
I shook my head. “He disarmed it before leaving for Los Angeles.”
“Oh, that’s right.” He cocked his head to the side and listened. “I think Elijah is back.” He sniffed, nodded, and pointed at the door. “Go on, I’ll be out in a few,” he said, opening up the Tronis group email account. I nodded and walked to the door. Opening it, I stepped out. Walking back into the living room, I cursed as my whole body crawled and tingled, the hairs on the back of my neck standing on end. The front door flew opened and Elijah came in. He kicked the door shut and flashed into the kitchen. I followed him in and leaned against the counter as he began to unload a bunch of blood bags into the refrigerator. I gasped as waves of energy poured off of him and surrounded me. Fuck. I straightened up and stared at him intently. Elijah snarled and slammed the refrigerator shut. I frowned at the bin which still had some bags in it.
“He keeps half up here and half down in the basement,” he spat.
I nodded stiffly. “Did you feed?”
He narrowed his eyes and nodded. “Yes, I did,” he growled and the temperature in the kitchen dropped a few degrees or so.
“But you’re still extremely hungry.”
He cursed. “I ran into a crime scene on my way back.”
“Shit,” I groaned. “A homicide?” He nodded. “Great,” I muttered. I sighed. “How many pints did you get?”
“Forty.”
I groaned. “You and Tristan need to binge on like a hundred bags.”
He smiled coldly. “It’s hardly called a binge when we can only go for four bags max.” Yeah, he was right, four pints to ease our sanity a little before either completely losing it or have the good sense to call for help and lock ourselves in and not go on a rampage.
“Hell,” Avery breathed. “Are the newbies going to be safe around you and Tristan?” he asked, his eyes narrowing on Elijah.
Elijah shrugged. “You look thirsty yourself.” Avery cursed. “And it’s going to increase rapidly.”
“Ah… damn,” I muttered.
“I would suggest you go feed now, but… I don’t think they have the crime scene wrapped up yet.” He smirked. “And knowing us, we can smell it from miles and miles away, and the four of us on a rampage will blow the media wide open.” He hissed. “And I am not going to waste my time erasing memories and evidences of our existence even though a handful of humans know about it.” Avery and I nodded. He sighed. “Well, I can’t go in the basement at this moment so…” He opened the fridge and stuck the whole bin of blood in and closed it. He blew out a breath and came over to me. “I think, out of the four of us, you and Avery are more likely not going to attack them.” I nodded. He turned and walked out of the kitchen. Avery and I followed him back into the living room. He headed for the basement door and stopped. He turned back to look at us. “Draven and the rest are waiting outside,” he snarled. He pulled off his sunglasses and shoved it in his pocket. “If they’re still thirsty, you can give them refreshments.” He took in a sharp breath and his hand tightened on the doorknob. “Do not let us out until they are gone. I don’t give a fuck if they want to help,” he growled. “I hope you remember that one incident where I almost killed a handful of them?” I nodded. It was a memory I tried to keep at the back of my mind, and was one I hoped to god never happened again. Elijah sent a chilling smile my way. “I hope for the same,” he whispered. A long silence hung heavily between us. He cursed and stared at the bolts and then the panel in consideration.
“I think you’re better off teleporting in there,” said Avery. “Elijah!” he shouted. “Teleport! Now!” Breathing hard, Elijah turned a murderous glare on him. He hissed and finally disappeared into thin air. I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding. Avery sighed in relief. “Fuck, I thought we had to go commando on his ass.”
“You and I know full well that will only amp him up even more.”
“Yeah, don’t remind me.” He nodded toward the front door. “I think they’ve waited out there long enough.”
I nodded and walked to open it. They gasped and jumped back as the cold eerie presences flowed to them in great waves as the door opened. “Don’t run,” I said quickly. “Come in. It’s fine.”
“What kind of vampire are you?” Trinity asked softly.
“We’re a special kind of vampires,” I said and stood back. “I’d like you all to come in freely than me having to force you.” Breathing in short breaths, one by one, they slowly stepped over the threshold. I willed the door shut behind them and led them to the couch. “Please, sit. Are any of you still thirsty?” I asked as Avery came in with several bags of blood in his hands.
“Um, I am… a little,” said Kaylee.
“One or two?” Avery asked, stopping in front of her.
“Two.”
He nodded and handed it to her. “Anyone else?” They shook their heads, but Avery was giving Trinity a knowing smile. “Are you sure?” They nodded. He rolled his eyes and shoved a couple of bags in her hands. “Drink up,” he said, heading back into the kitchen. He returned and leaned against the wall, watching as Kaylee and Trinity quickly drained the bag. “Just a little tidbit, blood is blood. Any blood is better than nothing. Unless it’s old blood, then it has no affect.” He looked at Trinity. “Don’t be afraid to ask for what you need.” She blushed. He smiled.
“We’re still trying to bring her out of her shell,” said Donna. “She’s super shy.” Avery and I nodded. “Ah… I had to compel the human for her.”
“Oh, really?” I asked in interest.
“Hmm… Trinity, next time you can just think of what you want them to do instead of speaking out loud if that makes you more comfortable,” Avery suggested.
She nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind,” she mumbled.
“Moving on,” I said. “Any questions about the rules or anything?”
“What is the mark of death?” Kaylee asked.
I pulled out an index sized shiny black card and held it up for all to see. It had a ring of fire in the background with a red T in the middle, a blue streak above it and below the T., and a hand holding a heart at the top left-hand corner. It read: You have been chosen. They gasped and cringed away. “You better pray to whoever you believe in that you never ever find this in your mailbox,” I said. “If you do, you better make a run for it, or you’ll find one of us lurking in the shadows just waiting to have a little fun with you before actually killing you.” I smiled coldly.
“Let me guess,” said Draven. “Even if we run, you'd still hunt us down, right?”
“Exactly.” I returned the card to my pocket and cursed as I was suddenly jerked forward by an invisible force.
Avery was behind me in a flash. He pulled me to a stop and held me in a tight embrace. “Time to leave,” he growled at the seven confused vampires.
“What—?”
He hissed, cutting off Draven. “If you don’t leave, you’ll be in a world of pain, if not killed,” he snarled.
Draven jumped up and flashed to the door. “Come on let’s go,” he snapped. “I’m not staying here, no way in hell I’m getting myself killed.” He wrenched the door open and disappeared, the others right behind him. Avery cursed and slammed the door shut.
“Can you handle them by yourself for a minute?” he asked through gritted teeth as we slowly moved to the basement door.
“I’ll try,” I muttered. He let go of me and disappeared into thin air. I was pulled more swiftly and jerked to a halt in front of the door. Open it! Tristan mentally snarled at me. My head pounded painfully as I quickly deactivate the door and unlocked it, pulling it open. Standing where I was, I sent a sharp command to the second door, bracing myself as the door flew open.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-five

I was airborne before I even knew it. I hit the stone floor hard. It knocked the wind right out of me. I screamed as pain rippled throughout my whole body. My vision blurred as I was jerked up and dragged back upstairs. I snarled and broke free of Tristan’s steel hold and sent him flying. I turned just in time to dodge Elijah’s grab for me. In the blink of an eye, they were both on me, but before Elijah’s fangs could touched me, he was lifted into the air and propelled across the room. I pushed Tristan off of me and rolled away from him as grunts and growls ripped through the air. I got to my feet and jumped in, wrestling Tristan to the floor as Jayr tased the living shit out of him. He screamed as Trynnadon stabbed a needle in him, breaking it in the process. Trynnadon cursed and pulled it out. He spun around and sent Adalyn, Avery and Elijah crashing to the floor. Panting, I dropped a mental wall around Tristan who was slowly growing weaker and getting even more pissed off. I glanced at Jayr. She was still tasing him. “How many volts is that?” I panted.
“I was told a hundred thousand,” she gasped.
“You need five hundred thousand for it to work on him.” I glared at Tristan. “Give up already, will you?” I said tightly. I looked over to Jayr as she suddenly stopped with the tasing. “Shit,” I growled and socked Tristan upside the head, breaking the compulsion.
“What the—?”
“Keep tasing him,” I snapped. Adalyn flashed over and inject a second dose of who knows what into Tristan’s bloodstream. He seethed as Jayr and I continued to hold him down.
“One more, Adalyn,” said Trynnadon. She took out another syringe and plunged it in Tristan’s neck. He gasped in a lungful of air and convulsed once and finally fell unconscious.
“Finally,” Jayr said heavily, pulling back and scanning the dark living room. She squeaked as Tristan gasped. I quickly knocked him out. I looked around for Avery, but he wasn’t there.
“He went to feed,” said Adalyn.
I nodded. I looked down just in time to see Tristan opening his eyes. I cursed. “You just don’t want to stay unconscious, do you?” I drawled and knocked him out again.
“So, how does this work?” Trynnadon asked.
“He needs to feed on like ten humans,” I said.
“Uh… wow. Elijah as well?”
I nodded. “I see that you brought your blood machine thing. How much can that hold?” I asked.
“I have no idea.”
“Well, fill it up and we can tube feed them. It will help. Like last time, er… the first time.”
Trynnadon nodded and flashed to the kitchen while Jayr went to work setting up the machine. “Ada!” I shouted as Elijah’s eyes flickered open. I mentally choked him, giving her a few seconds to knock him out.
Trynnadon returned and started ripping the bag open and dumping it into the machine. “Be grateful that this machine allows two tubes to be connected,” he muttered. “Taylor, drag him over here.” I got up and gripped Tristan in a death grip and pulled him across the room. He grunted and taped the IV into Tristan’s arm as Jayr opened his mouth to put the tube down his throat. She jerked her hand back as his eyes popped open again. “Adalyn, are you done?” Trynnadon asked sharply.
“Yes,” Adalyn said in relief and punched the on switch. Tristan’s eyes flashed, sending more chills up and down my spine. Muttering, I walked the short distance to Elijah.
“You awake?” I asked. He growled and slowly opened his eyes. “Oh, you are.”
“Avery is back,” Adalyn said, peeking out the window. “And he has a few humans with him.” She moved the curtain back in place and moved to open the door. Elijah snapped his eyes closed just as the door opened. Avery walked in and straight to me.
“Eight,” Avery said, answering my unspoken question. He reached over and opened the top of the machine. He peered inside and nodded. “Once this is done, there thinking process will be cleared enough that they won’t kill anyone,” he said to Jayr and Trynnadon. He closed it and glanced down at Elijah.
“I learn something new every day,” Jayr mused. “If I were hooked up to that tube, I would be satiated for a week, and you guys on the other hand? You still need to feed from humans, and I’ll bet you’ll still be thirsty for more.” She laughed. “Wow.”
Avery smirked. “Just be glad you’re not a Tronis then.”
She frowned. “But then I don’t get the awesome ability to compel vampires. That could come in great use, you know. I could live with feeding on the hour thing… maybe…”
Avery narrowed his eyes on her. “Why do you think we need to feed every hour?” he asked curiously.
“Don’t you?”
“We can go a day without it.”
I stiffened. “Make that half a day,” I said.
“Make that five seconds,” Tristan hissed as a human walked inside. I blinked and looked at the blood dispenser. Okay, I’m so out of it, I thought to myself as Avery handed Adalyn the tubes. Tristan chuckled. “I’ll be happy to share,” he hissed, and I cursed as fresh blood suddenly filled the room the moment he struck. It was totally not helping when Elijah went for the second human.
“Can I bite one of them too?” Jayr asked. Avery and I shook our heads.
“Come on,” said Adalyn. “I’ll take you out.”
“Sweet.” They headed out the door, gesturing to Trynnadon. Trynnadon stared longingly at one of the humans. He cursed and flashed outside.
“Go on,” said Tristan. “What are you waiting for?” Shaking my head and with my hands half covering my eyes, I stepped outside. “Send another one to me while you’re at it.” Ignoring the sun the best I could, I gazed into the nearest human, letting my compulsion wash over her.
“You can go in now,” I said softly. She nodded and stepped past me. I looked at the rest of the humans. They looked daze and about to fall over at any moment.
“Avery,” Tristan said impatiently.
“I’m on it,” Avery muttered.
“Well, I thought you were going to let them find their own way home,” he drawled.
“I wasn’t.” Avery came out and took two of the humans by the arm. “Let’s see if I can get them back and wipe their memories in less than five minutes,” he muttered before disappearing into thin air. I blinked as another human made his way to me. I glanced behind me to find Elijah standing in the doorway.
“Glad to be of help,” he said softly and in lightning speed, he snatched another one and disappeared into the darkness of the house.
“Thanks,” I muttered, pulling the human into my embrace and sinking my fangs deep in his neck, growling as warm sweet blood went down my throat. Not long after, the human went limp in my arms. I tried to stop drinking, but couldn’t. Only cool fingers pressed painfully against my cheeks force me to withdraw my fangs and close the wound. I cursed and let him go.
“Got a little carried away there?” Elijah mused, leading me back inside. He closed the door, finally blocking out the light. “Looks like I have to raid the blood bank again,” he muttered. “Hmm, on second thought, I’ll have Jayr do that once she gets back.” I licked the remaining blood off my lips and stared at him. He stared right back.
“What? Are we having a staring contest?” Tristan asked when we didn’t look away. I shrugged and walked to the couch and sat down. It was silent for the longest time. Not one of us move or said anything. It was only broken as the door slowly opened and Avery stepped inside. It closed as he walked to Tristan and handed him a piece of paper. I frowned at him as Tristan took it and looked it over.
“What is it?” I asked. “Something important?”
Tristan shrugged. “Samantha Branson?”
“Oh.”
He nodded. “Tell Audri that I will be in contact with her soon. It looks like Branson is coming here. When she gets here—“
“You want her every move tracked,” Elijah drawled. “My favorite thing to do.”
“I know it is,” Tristan grumbled. “But did I say you were going to be the one tracking her?”
Elijah just stared at him. “Tell me you’re not putting Taylor on it?”
“Uh, guys, I’m right here?” I said.
“We know,” said Elijah.
“Maybe I will, just to piss you off,” said Tristan. Elijah growled. “Oh, shut up.” I smiled. “No offense Taylor, but you really do suck.”
“Oh, thanks Tristan,” I said sweetly. “No offense taken. Although, I guess you have to be five thousand years and older to master it.” They just looked at me blankly. “What? Don’t you agree Avery?” I asked as he suddenly appeared from nowhere.
Avery frowned, and I stiffened as he dug around in my head, and then he laughed. “If that were true, I would agree with you. Tristan could be five thousand and ten years old and suck royally at it, but apparently that’s not the case. He’s good at everything.”
“Careful Avery,” Elijah warned. “You’re going to make him blush.” I burst out laughing, invoking a groan from Tristan.
“Are you done?” Tristan asked heavily.
“Sorry,” I said. “Go on.”
“Elijah, you’re right, I want her every move tracked. Happy?”
“Yes, matter of fact, I am,” said Elijah.
“I’m putting Jayr with you.”
“What?”
“I think she can do it.”
“Fine,” he muttered.
“Just try not to bite her too much?”
Elijah rolled his eyes. “Of course, I wouldn’t do such a thing.”
“Right,” I drawled.
“Is she that delicious?” Elijah asked.
Tristan smirked. “Very.”
“Oh, lovely. I can hardly wait to get a sip or two.”
“You know, I’m so going to tell her that you guys are planning to drain her dry,” I said.
“I’m not—" He stopped speaking abruptly and turned to look at the door. “Speak of the devil,” he muttered. A minute later, the door opened and Adalyn, Trynnadon and Jayr walked in. I willed the door closed as they came to stand in the middle of the room.
“Well, hi to you too,” said Jayr. “Did we ah… interrupt something?” she asked after a long minute of silence.
“No,” said Tristan. “You didn’t. We were actually talking about putting you with Elijah on tracking someone.”
Elijah coughed. “We?”
“Okay, I was thinking about it.”
“Thinking?”
“Oh, would you just please shut up.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Anyways, that’s as far we got.”
“Elijah was planning on draining you dry,” I said.
“I was not,” Elijah countered. “I was hinting that it would just be difficult to keep myself from inhaling you every minute or so.”
Jayr winced. “From what I witness earlier, I think I can handle it,” she said uncertainly.
“Oh, you haven’t seen even half of what we can do,” Elijah, Tristan, Avery and I said simultaneously.
“Get out of my head,” I said.
Tristan chuckled. “Sorry, I can’t.”
Jayr gulped. “Okay, okay, you have me thinking twice.”
“Good,” I said.
“Anyways, who am I suppose to track?”
“See me on that later,” said Tristan. She nodded. He glanced at Trynnadon. “Anything?” He just looked confused. “Loria?” Trynnadon blinked and shook his head. Tristan cursed. “Avery, take them back. I’ll be there in a few.” Avery nodded and flashed over to Jayr. Adalyn and Trynnadon took her hands while Avery put a hand on her arm, and they were gone in a blink.
“You say that eight guards were not there?” I asked Elijah.
He nodded. “You were there.”
“I know I was, but I was too busy ripping heads off.”
“She’s not a multitasker either, remember?” said Tristan.
“Oh, right,” said Elijah. “So… you think Ari and the others killed Evan yet?”
“He’s not going to have anything useful,” Tristan growled.
“Right.” He sighed. “Could someone please explain to me why they don’t keep each other informed on what’s happening?”
“Fuck me if I know.”
Elijah smirked. “I thought Aiden would have the good sense to at least recruit someone with a hint of a brain cell in them.”
“The ones we just showed the rope to, they have some brain cells in them,” I said.
“Yeah, but they don’t count,” said Elijah. “We just… er… I had to wipe them.”
“Oh, crap, I forgot.”
“Mmhmm, are you okay? You seem out of it today.”
“Yeah, I’m good.”
“Okay,” Tristan said, walking over to the table and picking up the blood dispenser. “Let’s go,” he said and was gone. I nodded and got up. Letting go of a little power, I teleported. Luckily, the sun was setting when I appeared in front of the gate. Lifting the latch, I pulled it opened and entered, sensing rather than hearing Elijah right behind me.
“There should be a buzzer for the gate,” Gabriella grumbled as we came to a stop in front of her. “And wired with high voltage.”
“What are you trying to say here? You don’t want us sneaking up on you? Or are you trying to keep us out?” Elijah asked.
“The first one.”
He chuckled. “Take it up with the security department. See what they have to say. In the meantime?” He shrugged. “Keep your eyes and ears wide open.”
“Strong emotions are like jump starters,” Tristan said from behind her. She squeaked and spun around. He stiffened and stepped back. He smiled and flashed his fangs. “Like now.”
Gabriella groaned. “You’re not going to stop that, are you?”
“No.” She sighed. “Besides, the faster your heart beats, the faster the blood flows.” She shuddered. “I take a pint, more or less, and if I’m nice? I only take a sip…”
“You take more than a pint before?” she squeaked.
Tristan huffed. “No, never.” Elijah cleared his throat and cough loudly. I, on the other hand was biting my lip to keep from laughing.
“You’re lying,” she muttered.
“Am I?” he asked, his eyes narrowing on her neck.
“Yeah.”
“Okay, fine, the most I’ve taken was uh…” He looked thoughtful. “Let’s just say, I cause a bunch of near death experience for a lot. Now, are you done asking questions?”
“Tristan,” Elijah and I said sharply.
“Just a little?” he asked. His eyes now boring into Gabriella.
“You almost killed her once,” I hissed.
“I know. Sorry if I can’t help myself.”
“Can’t you pick someone else?”
“Like who? No one but us is out here.”
I frowned. “Where’s Warren?” I asked and stiffened as Alyssa came out.
“I’ll take her then,” he growled. “Her blood is…potent, harder to pull away once I have her blood on my tongue.”
I winced. “Please, don’t?”
Elijah groaned. “Seriously, you’re going to bite her while I’m standing here? Taylor might be able to resist, but you know that I can’t.”
I frowned at Alyssa. “What is she doing here anyways?”
“It’s six forty-five,” Elijah grumbled.
“Fine,” said Tristan. Alyssa, with a blank look on her face walked back inside. “Don’t blame me when I lose it then.”
“Fuck,” I growled.
“I think the words you’re looking for is… bite me,” he said and I gasped as what felt like fire licking up and down my body ripped through me. Seeing nothing but darkness, I felt myself falling…, falling…, and… nothing but the pain. I silently screamed as the pain grew worse. The pounding in my ears were extremely loud, drowning out all outside noise. Let me go! I mentally shrieked at him. To my surprise, the pain receded and the pounding in my ears was slowly going away. Realizing that I was being held up, I snarled and pushed at him.
“You’re a cruel son of a bitch!” I growled. “Let. Go. Of. Me,” I panted. I snarled in frustration as I got nowhere. Cursing, I stopped struggling altogether.
“Are you done?” Elijah whispered.
I stiffened and blinked in confusion. I pulled back slightly and looked up at him. “What the fuck?” I asked, completely befuddled.
“That,” Tristan said slowly, a short distance away. “Wasn’t me.”
“What?” I pushed at Elijah again, and this time he let me go. “Come again?” I spluttered.
Tristan blew out a breath. “I said that wasn’t me.”
“Then what the hell was that?” I took in a sharp breath as a realization came over me. “Can you feel the pain of the person you linked yourself to?” I asked slowly. “I know you do with siblings, but—" I snapped my mouth shut as Elijah and Tristan gave an animalistic growl. “I guess that’s a yes, but,” I looked at Tristan. “How come you didn’t feel it?”
“Because,” he spat. “They can choose to let one of us or all of us feel it or not.”
“Oh, it works the same way then.”
He nodded stiffly. “I’m going to go all out here and say that it’s Loria’s pain you felt, because I can’t hear Isabelle shrieking her head off like you were.”
“Mother. Fucker,” I hissed. “Someone. Is. Going. To. Die.”
“I. Agree,” he hissed and stalked inside. Elijah and I following in his wake.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-six

TRISTAN

Hot rage coursed through me as I stepped through the door and fucking A to the deepest part of hell, Kallie just had to open the main door and come out. Why, oh why? I silently snarled. Staring daggers at her, I growled and launched myself on her, my fangs tearing open her throat. “No!” Elijah shouted. He snarled and after mentally hitting me with agonizing pain, was able to jerk me off of her. I was slammed to the floor and pinned. “Get her to the infirmary, feed her, and let Jenkins know her blood type.” Through my red haze, he ripped his wrist open and pressed it to my partially opened mouth. His blood fizzed as it poured down my throat. I growled and sank my fangs in him, preventing it from healing. “Fuck,” he breathed. I groaned as energy crackled between us. “Stop,” he hissed. “Now.” With great effort, I force my fangs to slide out. He licked his wrist close and stared at me.
“She’ll be fine,” Taylor said from the doorway. “Although, I gave her a lot more of my blood and uh… help her out a little.” Elijah nodded. She stared at him curiously. “Shit,” she said heavily. “Come on, both of you get up.” Elijah got up, pulling me up along with him. She muttered and led us inside. “I sent the humans downstairs,” she said, stopping in front of the infirmary.
“God, you guys are like fucking crack addicts,” said Trynnadon.
“Why thank you.”
“Go sit, I’ll get the damn blood. It will be nice and hot when you get it.” He put a hand on the doorknob and turned it. “Move!” he snarled.
“Okay, okay, we’re going,” Taylor said quickly and led us into the living room. The scent of humans was driving me insane, and for the life of me, I couldn’t even get a word out, but thankfully, Elijah caught on to my thoughts. He threw me to the floor, and I was pinned again. “Oh my god, if you both lose it. I’m going to fucking cap you both,” she hissed. “Avery,” she said in relief. “Please, please tell me you’re in the right frame of mind?” Avery came into my view and stared down at me, and then he looked at Taylor.
“Yes, I am.”
“Good, I’m semi in mine.”
“Tristan,” said Trynnadon. Elijah let me up as he came around. He shoved a bottle in my hand first before holding out another one to Elijah. “Drink it,” he said tightly. Trying my best not to break the bottle, I carefully removed the cap and chugged it. It burned as it went down my throat. “I find that hot bagged blood helps a little more than when it’s cold,” he drawled. The tension in me loosened just a little as I continued to gulp the blood down. I looked around and saw Callan also standing there, watching us curiously. I swallowed my last mouthful of blood and reached out to set the empty quart jug on the table. “First to finish,” Trynnadon drawled.
“What? I didn’t know we were having a drinking contest,” Taylor said, dropping hers onto the table. “It does help, but for how long?”
“Fifteen minutes to half an hour,” I muttered.
“So you have tried warming the blood to scalding temp before?”
“Yeah, it’s called experimenting.”
“You’re driving Wesley nuts,” said Trynnadon. “He’s obsess with coming up with ways to incapacitate you guys when you lose it.”
“Oh, that’s great news,” Taylor muttered. She looked at me questioningly. “Can I show them?” I glanced to Elijah and Avery. Avery shrugged and Elijah nodded.
“Show us what?” Callan asked, looking between the four of us and then to Trynnadon.
“Don’t ask me, I have no idea what they’re talking about,” Trynnadon said, nodding to me. “Ask him.” I sighed and reached into my pocket, pulling out the deadly silver blade. He hissed and step back. “What the hell?” I held the blade out to him. He glanced at the blade and then to me and then back to the blade. Reaching out, he carefully took it from me.
“Be careful,” said Taylor. “It is extremely sharp, one nick and you’ll be screaming. It burns like hell.”
“I’m assuming it’s custom-made?”
“Yes,” Elijah hissed. “Only ten has ever been made.”
“Trust me, you don’t want this buried in any parts of your body for that matter,” I said softly. Trynnadon nodded and handed it back to me. I smirked and returned it to its holder. “Check on your human while we pay Evan another visit,” I said, getting up. “Where is Isabelle? Never mind,” I said, walking to the door, opened it and stepped out. I led Elijah, Taylor and Avery through another door and down the stairs. “Trent, Preston,” I said, coming to a stop in front of them. I sniffed and glared at the door. I pushed it open and walked inside. Jayr, Isabelle, Jade and Ari all looked up and backed away from the vampire on the floor.
“Mmm, he’s out,” Elijah grumbled. “Pity, I wanted him awake,” he said, walking over to the unconscious Evan. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the cell phone that I took earlier. He threw it at me, and I caught it. “You’re welcome.” I grunted, slipping it into my own pocket. He looked at the others intently. “You guys may go. We will take it from here.”
“But I want to stay,” Ari said as the others walked out.
“Eric, Adalyn, James and Donnica could use your help,” said Taylor.
“But—“
“Ari,” I said slowly. “I want you to go and help find Loria and Tory,” I said as calmly as I could. I reached for the phone and handed it to her. “Go through his contacts and call every one of them, and while you’re at it, have James track the numbers. You know what to do when something comes up, don’t you?”
“Yes I do,” she said quickly.
“Very good,” I whispered. “You’ve done well. Now go.” Muttering under her breath, she walked out to join the others. “Right, someone go ahead and wake him up,” I said as the door closed.
“My pleasure,” Elijah hissed. Evan gasped and then screamed as pain took over.
“Silence him!” I snarled. In a split second, his screams died off abruptly. “Now.” I leaned against the wall and glared at Evan. “Ease up on the pain and release his vocal cord.”
“You’re not getting shit out of me!” Evan snarled.
“I already figured that out, long before you did,” I growled. “You know, this clueless game you’re playing is rather frustrating. I can’t make up my mind on if I should kill you now and be done with it, or simply play along for a little while longer. I quite enjoy giving you pain… and more pain… and more pain… I wonder how long it will take to break you.” He shuddered and swallowed hard. “How’s starvation going? Has it kicked in yet?” He remained silent. “Well, let me know, and I’ll be glad to feed you,” I said slowly.
Elijah’s eyes widened. “Oh, hell no. Are you thinking of…” He stared at me hard. I smirked. “You really are.” He winced. “Ouch.”
“What?” Evan asked, sounding very annoyed.
“Let me know when you're thirsty, and you’ll find out,” I said.
“Is this some kind of trick to get me talking?”
I rolled my eyes. “Trick? Is this coming from a three hundred year old? No, Evan. I don’t do trickery. Entrapment, yes, but trickery, no.”
“Yeah, whatever,” he muttered. “You’re like five hundred? Big difference.”
I laughed. “Oh.” I sighed. “Evan, Evan, Evan… you’re stupider than I originally thought.”
“Wait,” said Taylor. She laughed. “He just said you were five hundred years old. You should cherish it for a while.”
“I am,” I said, smirking. I pushed off the wall and walked over to him. “You want to try that again?” I said softly. Reaching down, I jerked him to his feet.
“I’m guessing he’s… six hundred years old,” said Elijah, coming over to stand beside me. “What’s your guess Avery? Taylor?” Evan hissed as I pressed him hard against the wall.
“Stop,” I hissed at Taylor who was about to say something. “I’m only interested in what Evan has to say.”
“Well, we are too,” she huffed.
I put a hand under his chin and lifted his head so that he was looking at me. “How old do you think I am again?”
“Fuck off,” Evan spat.
I growled. “I am getting very tired of hearing you assholes telling me to fuck off or to go fuck myself,” I said through gritted teeth. “Come up with a better term.” I dropped my hand to his shoulder and gripped it. He winced. “Tell me, where did your eight guards go to?”
“I don’t know. I just told them to take the bitches somewhere else, because I knew you were coming.”
“Pathetic,” I muttered.
“Are you a thousand years old?” he asked suddenly.
I ground my teeth and managed to resist bashing his skull in. “Try adding another four thousand and ten years to your one thousand,” I growled. He paled and cringed under my gaze, and I smiled. “Much better,” I whispered. “Now, we’re going to have a little fun.”
“No, what are you going to do to me?”
“Nothing,” I said simply. I released him and stepped back. “We’re going to play twenty questions. It’s simple. All you have to do is answer yes, or no.” I flashed my fangs at him. “And if you lie?” I leaned in and whispered. “It’s lights out, for you.” Evan moved quickly away, his eyes darting around the blood splattered room, wishing like hell that there was something, anything sharp to stab me with. I straightened up and glanced at Elijah, to Avery, and then to Taylor, their predatory eyes trained on Evan’s every little move. I paced around the room, eyes narrowed, and silently laughing as Evan’s thoughts turned to desperate. I’m already in enough fucking pain. Why the hell are they continuing to keep me here? I have to get out of here. Wish there was something sharp so I can shank the bastard to death, must not tell them anything. They can’t make me; have to keep my shield up at all times. I hope he’s not thinking about going through my phone and finding Caleb. I think he was one of the guards. Shit, I need to stop thinking. They might be able to still read me even with my shield up. Shit, I have to get out of here. “Avery,” I said slowly. “Please do me a huge favor?”
Avery smirked. “I’ll be glad to. What is it you ask of me?”
“I was wondering if you could… give Ari a call and have her and James track down a particular vampire who goes by the name of…” I came to a stop in front of Evan who was holding his breath and silently cursing me to hell and back. “Caleb,” I hissed.
He chuckled. “On it,” he said, and I grabbed Evan just as the door opened and closed behind Avery.
“Not so fast,” I said softly. “I have a bit of knowledge that I want to pass on to you before I send you to your death.”
“I thought shank was a prison term,” said Taylor. I glared at her. “What? Isn’t it?”
“That is where it’s commonly known now these days.”
“I thought so.” I threw him away from me and cursed as fresh wave of blood filled the thick air. He hissed in pain and glared up at me. Suddenly, Taylor was right beside me; her hand gripped my upper arm and pulling me back. “Elijah, don’t,” she said sharply. “Not yet.”
“You can’t handle seeing a little fresh blood?” Evan asked curiously.
“Watch it!” she snapped.
I snarled and jerked out of her hold. “I’m fine,” I said tightly.
“Sure you are,” Evan drawled. The room went black just for a split second, and I found my hand drenched in warm blood as it closed around the beating heart. He gasped and went rigid. The cold breeze radiating off me flowed out to wrap around him. I wouldn’t be surprised if the whole damn house could sense my eerie presence. Above me, the lights flickered. Eyes burning, skin tingling, stomach clenching and unclenching in anticipation and fangs bared, I clamped down hard on my urges, surprising even myself, and a sharp intake of breaths behind me told me that I wasn’t the only one surprised. Evan’s eyes rolled to the back of his head and stared unseeing at me. Breathing hard, I leaned in and nuzzled his neck. Paralyzed as he was, he couldn’t react accordingly, but the scent of fear that was pouring off of him was answer enough.
“If you pass out on me, I’m going to be even more piss,” I softly hissed against his throat as I eased my way into his mind. His thoughts were a jumble of mess. “Understand?” I asked verbally and mentally. His mental frantic gasp of yes was my answer. “Very good,” I breathed. “Only one. Little. Hesitation. I will yank this precious heart of yours out,” I whispered. His mental pleas of please don’t drummed against my skull over, and over, and over. Taking a hold of his mind, I held it in a death grip. He screamed as fresh wave of pain exploded in him. “I could rewire this brain of yours in a flash. Wouldn’t that be interesting?” How the fuck can you do this? We can’t—. “Blah… blah… blah,” I interrupted. “Surely… you don’t need an expert to tell you that I am different. Even a two year old can see that.” Hand still around his heart, I straightened up and gazed deeply into his eyes. “Look at me,” I growled and increased the pain. Blood slowly trickled out his eyes and made its way down his cheeks. Slowly, very slowly, his eyes rolled back to the front, and my compulsion slammed into him. I released my hold on his mind and eased up on the compulsion, enough for him to decide on his own, but couldn’t refuse answering. “Were you the one behind the kidnapping of two vampires?”
“Yes,” he gasped.
“Were you ordered by someone?”
“No.”
“You thought about it all on your own?”
“No.”
“Caleb came up with the idea?”
“Yes.”
“And you went along with it?”
“Yes.”
“That was very foolish of you. Tell me. Why did you take them?”
“Aiden says I can get powers if I kidnap someone as bate, because it means that you would have to get involve. I didn’t believe him when he said that you have powers beyond our beliefs until now.”
“Would you have killed them, if they didn’t tell you what you want, and if we hadn’t looked for them?”
“No—" he gasped and went taut as my hand tightened briefly around his heart and ripped it out. He fell lifeless to the floor as my hand grew hot, and in a few seconds, the heart was nothing but ash.
I squeezed my eyes shut and breathed in deeply and let it out slowly. Shit, I need to feed, like badly. Cursing, I opened my eyes and stared at my bloody hands. I shook my head and turned around. The lights were still flickering overhead. The door slowly opened and Avery stood in the doorway. Saying nothing, he gestured us out of the room. Expressionless and silent as a shadow, we went upstairs and through two doors. I winced as loud pops sounded in the distance, and then the lights overhead sizzled, popped and went out. I looked at Avery questioningly. He and Taylor shook their heads. I glanced at Elijah. He nodded. We came to a stop in the kitchen. No one and I mean no one but us was around on this floor, but I could hear the rest of them a floor below. Taylor pointed to the sink. I went over and willed the water on, and started washing the blood and ash off my hands. It was a long two three minutes and a half empty bottle of soap later that I finally shut off the water. Taylor was suddenly beside me, holding out a hand towel. I took it from her and dried off my hands. Throwing the towel on the counter, I stalked out of the kitchen, out of the house, and into the cool night. Leaping onto the roof, I looked down at the ground below and spotted Gabriella and Warren frozen to the spot by the gate entrance. The air rippled around me as darkness pulsated dangerously. Elijah, Taylor, and Avery stood a good distance from me as I struggled to pull myself together. They understood too well that one touch, one word, one unexpected move, or one of anything that got in my way wouldn’t stand a chance of being spared. Because like me, they’ve been there, done that, the whole nine yards. “Send them inside,” I choked out. “Please.” I watched hungrily as Warren and Gabriella was steered inside, the door closing softly behind them. Launching myself into the air, I propelled myself forward, moving in lightning speed, I found myself in the middle of somewhere. All I knew was that I was far away from the scent of humans. I dropped to the ground and waited as Taylor, Avery, and Elijah slowly dropped to my side. Inhaling the fresh air, I tried to force myself to relax. It wasn’t working. I gritted my teeth and growled. My muscles bunched together painfully as hot and cold waves of sensation coursed through me. Panting, I turned to Elijah. “Do it.” I braced myself, and then I hit the ground hard. Holding in my screams, I involuntarily curled into myself as unbearable pain slashed through me. What felt like hot iron band wrapped around my neck as the pain increased and increased until I couldn’t hold in my screams any longer. Slipping in and out of consciousness, I didn’t try to fight back as I dimly registered a sharp blade against my throat.
“Keep him immobilized.” Over the pounding in my ears, Elijah’s voice sounded so far away. “One jerk upward and his head will roll.” I forced my eyes open and met Elijah’s narrowed ones, but I couldn’t move my head an inch. Although, it felt like my muscles and such was jumping all over the place, and not to add, painful as fuck, but not painful enough to send me back into unconsciousness. Reading my thoughts, Elijah smiled. “I’ve lessened the pain a little.” He flashed his fangs at me. “But when we get to my place, I’m going to drop your ass. Sounds like a good idea to you?” Kill me. “Sounds good to me too.”
“Uh, Elijah? I think he said kill me, not yeah, or yes, or fuck off,” said Taylor. Fuck off Taylor, I groaned. “Hey!” she said, sounding offended. She huffed, and I held back a scream as the pain increase. “That’s for telling me to fuck off,” she said and laughed. “Oh, sucks to be you right now.” Want to trade place? “Uh uh, no way.” The pain increased even more. I snarled and hissed as the world spun. I found myself staring at nothing but the stone wall in front of me. I saw a flash of silver as Elijah removed it from my throat. He spun me back around to face him. “Wow, this three on one thing? Works much better.”
“Shut up, Taylor,” Elijah growled. He jerked my head back. Oh, son of a… “You can thank me later.” He snarled and plunged his fangs into my neck. Red hot fiery pain consumed me, and then… blissful darkness.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-seven

ELIJAH

The second Tristan was out; I disengage my fangs from his neck, and lowered him to the floor. I gathered myself and cross the room to a mini refrigerator. “You keep a refrigerator down here too?” Taylor asked. I ignored her and pulled it open, retrieving a bag of blood and slamming it shut. I walked back to Tristan and sat myself down. “He’s going to wake up at any minute.”
I sighed. “He won’t be. I made sure of it.”
She winced and shook her head. “How long will he be out?”
I shrugged. “Longer than half an hour.”
“Longer? What if Ari finds Caleb? What we do then?”
I growled in annoyance. “You do what I say. Right now, I want you to shut up.” I forced Tristan’s mouth open and was grateful to see that his fangs were fully extended. I popped the bag against his fangs, lifting his head so that the blood went smoothly down his throat. Avery was right there with another bag. He popped it against Tristan’s fangs as I pulled the empty one away. When that one was emptied and removed, Taylor popped a third as Avery flashed to the fridge to grab another bag. He handed it to me and went to the door.
“Will one be enough, or two?” he asked.
“Hmm, are you willing to drop them off at a hospital?” I asked. He shrugged. “Two then.” He nodded and pulled the heavy steel door open and was gone. Taylor pulled the fourth bag out of my hand and put it to Tristan’s mouth. It was quiet as the bag slowly emptied out. I blinked as what sounded like a phone vibrating broke through the silence. I reached into Tristan’s pocket and pulled it out. I peered at the screen and flipped it open. “You better have something good to give me,” I growled into the phone. I nodded to Taylor and got up.
“Elijah?” Ari’s shocked voice on the other end answered.
“Ari.”
“James and I nabbed another guard. We decided to go back to Evan’s hideout and found her running so we grabbed her.”
“Bring her to me. We’re at my place.”
“Oh, okay. What about Evan?”
“Evan?” I asked. “He’s currently lying on the floor heartless at the moment.”
“Oh, he is?”
“Yes,” I hissed.
“I’ll bring her to you and clean up.”
“You do that,” I said and snapped the phone shut. Slipping his phone into my pocket, I turned to the door as I heard the front door opening.
“Do you need to leave while we feed him?” Taylor asked.
I shook my head. “I’ll be fine.” The doors at the top of the stairs opened and Avery came down with two humans following behind him. I stepped aside and let them pass.
“Stay,” Avery said to one of the humans. He turned to look at me and then to Taylor. “Wait until I get back before feeding him again.” We nodded. “Hold your breath,” he said and held the first human’s wrist to Tristan’s fangs, pausing to glance back at us. I took in a deep breath and held it. Nodding and staring at me intently, he pushed upward. I watched as the human slowly grew paler, and paler, and then went limp. He would have fallen to the floor if Avery wasn’t holding him up. Taylor squeaked in alarm and looked at me. Stiffening, Avery pulled the human’s wrist away and quickly closed the wound. He flashed to his feet and he and the human was gone in a blink. Taylor blew out her breath.
“I thought he was going to let him drain him dry.”
I shook my head. “You know full well that he wouldn’t let that happen.”
“I know, but still.” A few minutes later, Avery appeared out of thin air, and in a flash had the second human wrist at Tristan’s mouth. I barely held my breath as he pushed upward once more.
“How long do you think he’ll be out after eight pints?” Avery asked.
“No idea,” I muttered. He took the wrist away and licked it closed and was once again gone abruptly.
“I hear someone coming,” Taylor said, her head tilted to the side. “It’s Ari and James.” I flashed upstairs, sending the doors crashing, and went outside. I growled and slipped into the vampire’s mind who was being held by James and struggling to free herself.
“Tera,” I hissed. She froze and whipped her head around to glare at me. I smiled as my compulsion rolled her. “Release her.” James stepped back as I came to stand behind her.
Ari huffed and shook her head in frustration. “I’ve been trying to pluck her name from her head and failed miserably,” she grumbled.
I reached out and rested a hand on her shoulder. The tension in her loosened a little. “You did well,” I reassured her. “Both of you.” She and James nodded. “Now come.” Controlling Tera, I steered her inside, leaving Ari and James to follow. Taylor?” She was leaning against the basement door, her arms crossed, watching us curiously.
“Avery is down there with him.” She glanced at the panel and nodded. “Besides, if he tries to escape—“
“I know. I know,” I said, cutting her off. The moment my compulsion lifted, Tera rushed me. I fell to the floor with a grunt. “Don’t,” I said sharply as Taylor was about to make a move on her. She blinked and nodded, but didn’t move from her aggressive stance. “Going to kill me, sweetheart?” I asked in amusement.
Tera grabbed me and flipped me over and slammed my face against the floor. I hissed as blood spurted from my nose and mouth. “No one makes a move,” I said quickly.
“I’m not your sweetheart,” Tera snarled and kicked me across the living room. I hit the window and glass went flying as I fell through. Landing on the ground hard, I sat up and brushed the dust of glass off me. Blinking through the red haze, I got up and darted back inside. I grabbed her by the hair and jerked her head back. Before she could do anything, I lunged for her throat. A shock gasp escaped her, and then she screamed. I withdrew and sent her crashing against the far wall. “What the fuck!?” She got back up none too steadily and spluttered.
“Are we going to do this the hard way or the easy way?” I asked quietly.
“It’s true,” she gasped.
“Everything you have been told is true,” I said impatiently, quickly sifting through her thoughts. “Now answer my question.”
“I don’t have to do it your way,” she snarled.
“Alright, hard it is then.” Moving in a blur, I snatched her up by the neck and held her a foot off the floor. “What were you doing on Timber Road?”
“Nothing,” she choked out and then kicked me in the balls. I jerked and hissed, tightening my hold on her. Before she could kick me again, I grabbed her leg and squeezed. Out the corner of my eye, Taylor winced and gave me the, kill her now or I will look. “Let me go!”
“Will you kick me again?”
“Yes!” I threw her to the floor and pinned her. She hissed and tried to throw me off.
“That was brave of you,” I drawled. “You should thank your guardian angel that I’m not Tristan,” I said. “He would kill you the moment you rush him.” I stiffened, speak of the motherfucking devil. I glared at him. “You’re supposed to be out for another ten minutes,” I grumbled. Tera stopped struggling and went very still under me.
Tristan glanced at the shattered window and back to me. He turned to James and eyed him hungrily. “Please continue,” he said thickly. “I won’t interrupt.” I grunted and turned my attention back to Tera, only to look up again as a hiss and then a gasp sounded. I groaned as the scent of fresh blood made its way toward me. I picked one of the broken glasses and threw it at Tristan. He jerked and pulled back, snarling at me. “What the hell was that for?” He pulled the glass from his neck and threw it away from him. “Kill her, or I will.” His eyes flashed and I hissed; looking down to find Tera’s fangs buried in my arm. I groaned as she continued to poison me, the taste of metal growing stronger and stronger in my mouth. I ripped my arm from her, tearing it even more in the process. She looked at me with a surprise look on her face.
“Delicious, I know,” I said softly. “But that was a bad move to poison me as well,” I said tightly as my stomach rolled. I got off of her and then everything went completely red. To say the least, I couldn’t see through it. Suddenly my arms were wrenched behind my back and locked in place.
“Taylor, make sure she doesn’t escape,” said Tristan. “Mmm, your turn to be locked up and watched over,” he whispered. I swallowed hard as blood threatened to make its way out. “Avery, Ari, James, please accompany me to the basement.” He tightened his hold on me and moved forward while I struggle to keep my tainted blood down. He practically had to drag me downstairs.
“He probably won’t fight much,” said Taylor.
“Is that so?”
She laughed. “He got kicked in quite the unusual place… if you know what I mean.”
He chuckled. “Pity I wasn’t there to see it.” I winced as he painfully dug his fingers into my shoulders, turning me around to face him. “Gee, you let her kick you around like that, and not to add, through a window too?”
I shrugged. “Was curious to see how far she’ll go,” I said and coughed up blood. “Mind letting me go now?”
“I will… in a minute.”
“I will not bite you,” I said tightly.
“Who says you were?” He loosened his hold a little and I jerked away from him. In blinding speed, I grabbed Ari and would have torn her throat open if Tristan didn’t grab me and jerk my head back. I held on tighter as she struggled to free herself. Slowly, nausea turned into raging thirst. He snarled and ripped open his wrist and before I knew it, he had my mouth open and blood was pouring down my throat. In a blink, Avery was there, pulling Ari out of my steel hold. Tristan’s eyes burned, and with a curse, pulled his wrist away, shoving me hard to the floor. I watched as the refrigerator door sprang opened and a blood bag appeared in his hand.
“You know,” Avery drawled. “It’s funny how you two take turns almost losing it.”
“They’re twins I tell you,” Taylor said and slam the door closed.
Tristan grunted. “Open up.” He pressed the cold bag to my mouth. I growled softly and stabbed my fangs into the bag, swallowing the cold blood. He smirked and got up, the empty bag crushed in his hand. “Go.” He didn’t have to tell me twice, I teleported and nearly lost it when I appeared in the middle of a small crowd. Before they could scream or scatter, I slipped in their minds and erase their memories of my sudden appearance, leaving one human intact. I grabbed him and teleported to a dark neighborhood. There were barely any streetlights around. The human jerked out of my hold and spun around to face me, forcing me to jump back a few feet. That. Or send him to the pavement in a blink and ripping his throat out. Before he could go into a full-blown panic attack, I let a wave of calm wash over him.
“What the hell just happened?” he asked with a hint of what the fuck behind it.
I swallowed once, twice, thrice… damn. I moved farther away from him. “You know exactly what happened,” I snarled.
“What’s wrong?”
I gritted my teeth and my brain did a double take as his thoughts went to vampire territory. So, I just happened to grab one of the ten percent of the humans who knew about vampire… huh. “You’re… are you…?” I silently cursed as he came closer. “I didn’t know vampires can teleport.”
“They can’t,” I hissed. He gasped as I grabbed him again and once more teleported, appearing in front of his house. I sniffed and pushed him to his door. He opened it and stepped inside. I flashed passed him and let the door slam shut. He flipped on the lights and I hissed. My hands automatically went up to cover my eyes.
“Sorry,” he muttered. After a few long seconds, I removed my hands and had to blink several times to adjust to the light. Breathing in deeply, I stepped closer to him. He frowned. “Why am I not afraid of you?” he asked in confusion.
“Because I’m keeping you calm,” I rasped out.
“You didn’t have to, I already know vampire exist.”
I smiled. “I know,” I whispered and did another walkthrough in his head, this time digging deeper. And what do I find…? He has been working for Evan. Tonight just happened to be one of my lucky nights. I chuckled and pulled out my phone and punched Ari’s number. She picked up after the third ring.
“Elijah?” she answered.
I gazed into the human’s eyes and let the compulsion wash over him. “Don’t move, don’t answer the door, don’t speak,” I whispered as a car pulled up in the driveway.
“Um… what now?” Ari asked in confusion.
“Not you,” I growled in annoyance. “Did you know that Evan has humans doing his dirty work?” I asked sharply.
“I thought you knew?” A knock sounded at the door, and I sniffed and held back a snarl as a vampire stood behind it. I slipped in and with every ounce of my control, stopped myself from ripping the door off its hinges and ripping that fucker’s heart out.
“Get my brother on,” I snapped. I moved farther into the house and leaned against the wall.
“Did you kill someone?” Tristan’s amused voice jerked my gaze away from the human’s throat.
“No,” I drawled. “But I’m about to in a few seconds.”
“Mmm, who’s pounding at the door?”
“Matter of fact, it’s who we’re looking for that’s pounding on the door.”
He growled. “Where’s the human?”
“Oh, he’s standing where I told him to.”
“Kill the human and bring Caleb.”
“I will.”
“Unharmed,” he hissed.
“Okay, okay, I will bring him without a single scratch on him.”
“Good,” he growled and hung up.
I punched the end button and shoved it in my pocket and walked back to the human. “Open the door,” I whispered in his ear and flashed out of view of the door. I cloaked my presence and waited as the human walked to the door and opened it.
“Justin, what took you so long?” Caleb asked softly. Tell him someone’s here, I whispered in his head.
“Someone’s here,” said Justin.
“Who?” Caleb sniffed. “No one’s here, what are you talking about?”
“Really, someone’s here. Come in and have a look for yourself.”
“Stupid human,” Caleb muttered and stepped inside.
I stepped in front of him and he froze. “Good evening, Caleb,” I said softly. He blinked and sniffed, frowning when he didn’t get a whiff of my scent. “You see, I have been looking for you for the past two days or so.” He snarled and lunged, only to stop abruptly as I threw up an invisible barrier. He hissed and glared at me. “You don’t mind if I… get a bite or two off Justin here, do you?” I flashed to Justin and pulled him into an embrace.
“Put your fangs anywhere near him, I’ll rip your heart out,” he growled.
I frowned. “Oh really? Because that’s what I was planning to do to you.” I willed the door to slam shut and pulled back on my cloaking and lifted the feeling of calmness. Justin screamed and went crazy in my arms while Caleb staggered back a few steps, swallowing and staring at me with terror. I smirked and glanced at the human. Cursing, I silenced him and plunge my fangs in his neck. I pulled at it hard and fast. Caleb screamed and snarled. The human went limp, but I kept at it until the last drop. Dropping the lifeless body to the floor, I straightened and turned to Caleb.
“You fucking killed my human,” he snarled. “Did you know that’s an automatic death sentence?”
I laughed and flashed in front of him. His eyes rolled to the back of his head as my eerie presence overwhelmed him. Grabbing him, I leaned in. “I’m sorry, I haven’t introduce myself,” I growled. “I’m Elijah Tronis,” I whispered and teleported. Tristan, Ari, James, Taylor, and Avery holding Tera were all there waiting. I shoved Caleb toward Tristan. “Unharmed like you asked for,” I said and snatched Tera from Avery.
“What, ten pints of blood is not enough for you, brother?” Tristan drawled.
“It is… but I’m going to let her kick me around for a little while longer.”
He snorted. “Tell me you’re only saying so.” I smirked and buried my fangs into her neck. He snarled and I choked as he punched me hard. I pulled back and frowned at him. “What did you do, block her pain receiver?”
He cleared his throat. “I ah… took away all of her senses.”
“Oh thanks,” I grumbled.
“Here,” he said and suddenly, she shrieked and thrashed in my arms. “Much better?”
“Much,” I said and went for her throat again. After a few more long pulls, I withdrew and punched through her chest.
“Brother?”
“Yes?”
“Do not kill her.”
“What?”
“I said do not kill her.”
I just stared at him. “Sorry, come again. For your information, she kicked me in the balls and through a window earlier.”
He smiled. “I know.” I sighed and removed my hand from her chest. I gritted my teeth and shut her up. “Apparently, you haven’t gone deep in her mind, have you?”
“No.”
“Someone else has been looking for her.”
I inclined my head. “Oh? Who’s looking for her?” I glanced at Caleb who was limp in Tristan’s arms. Apparently, he couldn’t handle the massive energy that was crackling in the air. Hell, Ari and James were standing a good distance away.
“Tryn.”
My eyes widened. “Tryn?”
He chuckled. “Yes, she has been running from him.”
“Interesting, that’s very… interesting.”
He nodded to the opened door. “Shall we?” Tightening my hold on Tera even more, I followed him inside and downstairs. I threw her across the room and folded my arms.
“Should I summon Tryn?” Taylor asked.
“Not yet,” said Tristan. “Since we finally have Caleb. Thanks to my brother here. I think we have a great chance to find Loria and Tory… so… everybody do me a favor and pull yourselves together.”
I sighed heavily. “As you wish,” I muttered and slowly gathered myself. Gradually, the air became easier to breathe in.
“Now…” He leaned in, putting his lips to Caleb’s ear. “It’s time to wake up,” he whispered and I hissed as a surge of energy filled the room and then was suddenly gone. Caleb gasped and pushed away from Tristan. Sensing Ari and James watching from the doorway, I moved in a blur until he was cornered between the wall and me.
“What the hell is going on?” Caleb snarled.
“I was hoping… you could tell us that,” I said.
“Fuck you and your rules!” He spat and sent me flying. I crashed into the wall, pain exploded in my head as warm blood gushed from my cracked skull. Mother. Fucker! That hurt like hell. Oh yeah, it did. I groaned. I might be one of the oldest vampires in existence, but that didn’t mean I had awesome pain resistance. It would have been so much better if the wall gave in and I landed somewhere else, but nope. The damn stone had to hold.
“Elijah?” I blinked and tried my damness to see through the blur of pain. Tristan was looming over me, frigid cold air whipped against me, and I groaned. Ignoring the pain, I jerked into a sitting position and the world spun. I barely heard the feral snarls in the distance. Gasping, I clutched my head and hissed as Tristan reached behind me and found the wound. “Fuck,” he growled. “Kill him,” he snapped to someone.
“No!” I snarled. “He’s mine!”
Tristan let out a long string of profanities. “Alright, he’s yours.” He moved behind me and snarled. “Ouch.”
“Yeah, you think?” I drawled.
“Taylor, come here.”
“Please tell me my brain is not hanging out.”
“Um, no, it’s not, but I can sure see it.”
“Wonderful,” I groaned and suddenly Taylor was there holding out her wrist. I stiffened and Tristan’s hands clamped down on my shoulders.
“Go easy, you don’t want an aneurism.”
“Feels like I already have one.” She pressed her wrist to my mouth and before I knew it, my fangs were in and I was pulling at it greedily. She hissed in pain, her body going taut, making it harder to suck.
“Taylor,” Tristan growled. “Relax.”
“Excuse me?” she gasped. “Kind of hard when—" she jerked, almost dislodging her wrist from my fangs. Then Avery was there, his hand firmly holding her wrist in place. I drew the blood in and watched as she slowly eased up. As for me, the pain wasn’t easing one bit.
Tristan gripped me tighter. “That’s enough, brother. Stop before you drain her dry.” I snarled and then winced as my head pounded painfully. “Enough.” I removed one hand from my head and pushed her away, tearing it even more. “The good news, your head is healed. Bad news—“
“I’m still in fucking pain,” I spat.
“Yes, you are.” I groaned and with his help, got to my feet. “Taylor—“
“I’ll feed on the vampires who are holding Loria and Tory captive,” she said, cutting him off.
“You know. Head injuries are a fucking. Bitch!” I snarled.
“Indeed… they are,” Tristan growled.
“On that note. Let’s go get our friends back,” I said and everything faded to black as he teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-eight

TRISTAN

Elijah’s pain felt like taking a sledgehammer to your head times a thousand over and over again. He groaned and pulled away from me. He looked around in interest. “Fuck my life,” he muttered and moved farther into the shadows. We were in San Diego, at a rundown shit of a place.
“Gag,” Taylor said in disgust. “We’re standing in a fucking dump.”
“Guards everywhere,” Avery hissed. “Inside and out.”
I frowned. “More than the one on Timber Road?” I asked.
“Yeah, there’s like a fucking army of them including humans.”
“There you go E, the humans are all yours,” I growled. “But,” I said sharply. “If there are humans that can be saved, wipe them and so forth.”
“Dutifully noted,” Elijah drawled. “And when on earth did you start calling me E?”
I smirked. “Just now.”
He rolled his eyes and winced. “I prefer my full name.”
“Does it annoy you?”
“Don’t start.”
I chuckled. “If you say so.”
“I smell a lot of spilled blood,” Avery said tightly as he reappeared in front of us. “Mostly humans.” I nodded. He grimaced. “I also… smell fire somewhere.”
Taylor snarled. “That’s what I was feeling,” she spat out. Avery winced. “Who are we waiting for?” she asked, her eyes narrowing on me.
“Is that all?” I asked Avery. He nodded. “Go and grab the rest of the Night Stalkers, they’re waiting with Jayr, Jade, Isabelle, Preston, Trent and Adalyn.” He nodded and disappeared into thin air. “Ari…” I frowned. “Never mind. Elijah, are you up with pulling the alarm?”
His eyes flashed. “Of course I am. Snatching sounds good?” I nodded. He smiled. “Once Avery gets back, I’m gone.”
“I’m surprise no one came out to look around,” said Taylor.
“They can’t sense us, remember?” She nodded to Ari and James. “Oh, I got them covered as well.”
“Ah, got it.”
“Now—” I stiffened as the air rippled and several vampires appeared from nowhere. “Nice work,” I said as Avery pulled away from the circle.
“Well, I’ll be back,” Elijah said and was gone.
“Where did he go?” Donnica asked, staring at the spot where he was a second ago.
“He went to raise an alarm,” I said.
“How is—?” She squeaked as he suddenly appeared with a snarling and going ape shit vampire in his arms. “Okay, never mind,” she spluttered.
“Hello there,” I whispered, reaching out and yanking him from Elijah. “You’re just our alarm bell is all. No need to get all hyped up about it.”
“Can I eat him?” Elijah muttered.
“What!?” the struggling vampire squawked.
He cleared his throat and tried to look innocent. “Nothing. Ah, let’s move.” He gestured to Eric and Trynnadon. “Everybody split up.” He hissed at me and pulled the still struggling vampire from me. I muttered and launched myself into the sky.

LORIA

The only thing I could do was screaming. I scream, and scream, and screamed. Not helping the fact that my throat was burning, fuck, my whole body was burning. The vampire looming over me turned off the body-burner and smiled down at me. “Like our new toy?” he asked slowly. “You don’t look pretty anymore. It was such a waste to burn that flawless skin of yours.” He tilted the tank-like contraption and I fell out with a pained gasp to the blood-covered floor. Not daring to look at myself, I closed my eyes and held on to consciousness. I was surprise I was still alive and not ash yet. I screamed as he kicked me over. “So, tell me—” I heard the door crashing open, and an out of breath human rushing in.
“We’re under attack!” the human shouted. What? Did I heard that right, or was I just hearing things? The next thing I heard was the door slamming and locking. Crash, thump, boom, what the hell was going on out there? Snarls, hisses, growls, grunts of pain, oh boy. I screamed as I dragged myself painfully to the door, inch by inch. I probably was pulling flesh off myself, but I didn’t care. I had to get that god damn door open. When I couldn’t go any farther, I just laid there and silently curse up a storm. Gagging and spitting from the taste of burnt flesh and the horrible smell of it, I dropped the shield linking me to Taylor and Tristan a tiny bit. Thankfully I was already on the floor; because the rage that was pouring into me would have knock my ass to the ground. A few seconds later, shock, confusion, relief and pain all mixed in one slammed into me. I put back up the shield and tried to sit up and nearly passed out.
“Fuck,” I groaned. Once again, I heard the door crashing open and a gasp.
“Loria? Holy fucking shit,” Tory breathed.
“I look like crispy critter, don’t I?” I gasped.
“How are you still alive?”
“Hell if I know,” I whispered weakly and gave up on trying to move. I whimpered as I felt a cool breeze and then gasped as Tory put her cool hand on me. She removed it only to stick her finger in my mouth.
“This is going to hurt even more,” she warned. “I’m going to give you blood.”
“No—”
She hissed, cutting me off. “Let me help you. I was supposed to be the one burning, not you.” I squealed in pain as she open my mouth further apart. “Um, can you extend your fangs?” I moaned in response. “I guess… that’s a no.” I heard her grunt in pain and then warm blood was slowly dripping into my mouth. “Stupid Desecrators,” she muttered under her breath. “If I die tonight, I’m going to haunt every single member alive. You look like fried corpse,” she said and I silently groaned as blood was no longer going down my throat. “Shit! Someone’s coming.” I heard the door slammed and she cursed. A long minute of silence hung in the air. “Isabelle,” she breathed. “Oh fuck, she’s not alone. She has… someone named Jayr with her. Who’s Jayr?”
“I don’t know,” I said weakly.
“Okay, hush, no more talking for you. Although, it would be nice if you open up for me so I can read you.”
“Will do.”
“Open your eyes.” I felt her cool fingers, and I flinched as she pushed at my eyelids. She was covered in blood, other than that, she looked fine to me. She smirked. “I’m covered in bruises and shit, and I feel like I’ve been mauled by a fucking bear.” I watched as she got up and moved to the door. “Isabelle!?” she called out. “Where’s a fucking sword when you need one?” she growled. She screamed and leapt back from the door as Tristan came out of nowhere. He tore through what was probably his hundredth vampire kill of the night… or day. He tossed the headless vampire out of my view and spun around. “About time,” she said, a little too cheerfully.
“Tory,” I rasped out. “You’re not supposed to—”
“You. Shut up.” Oh, shit, were the lights flickering? “Yes, it is,” she answered. Then Tristan was at my side.
“Don’t—” Tristan snarled, cutting me off.
“Told you to shut up,” said Tory. “Would you like to keep your remaining voice box intact or not?”
“Come here,” Tristan growled to her. She flashed to his side and he took a hold of her hand. I gasped as he laid a hand on my arm and everything went black.
“Holy son of a fucking bitch!” Jenkins exclaimed. Well, hey to you too, Jenkins.
“She says hey,” Tristan said drily. “Lots of blood,” he said, probably an answer to the doc’s silent question. I was too busy trying not to scream to focus.
“What about me?” Tory asked.
“Blood bags for now.”
She sniffed in annoyance. “Fine.”
He turned to look at me. “I don’t plan on you draining me dry,” he said and tore open his wrist, putting it to my mouth. I could have sworn warmth washed throughout my whole body as his blood went down my throat. “I will suppress your pain while you go through the lovely task of scrubbing.”
“Are the others coming here too?” Tory asked.
“Yes, they are.” He pulled his wrist away and licked it closed. Jenkins came out with the blood dispenser and an IV stand. He looked at Tristan questioningly. “IV.” He nodded and started hooking it up. Tristan took my hand and pulled me up. I frowned. Why the hell wasn’t I in pain? He led me into another room.
“I gave her my blood earlier,” said Tory.
“Thank you. She’s slowly healing.” I am? “Yes, you are.” He pulled my clothes off of me and looked me up and down. “Hmm.” He rubbed at my arm and flex of dead skin fluffed off. Ewww. He rolled his eyes at me.
“Ooo, I see new skin,” said Tory. “You’re going to look like a brand newborn baby.”
“I highly doubt that,” said Tristan.
“Tory?”
“Isabelle,” she squeaked and flashed out of the room.
“Fucking hell.” I turned my head to see Elijah standing in the doorway. He whistled and stepped into the room. “They’re still battling it out.” Tristan nodded. “We practically wiped them all out, just a few more left, I think they can manage it.”
“You sound better,” said Tristan.
“I feel a whole lot better.” He frowned at me. “Third degree is a bitch.” Tell me about it.
“Yes it is,” said Jenkins. He looked at me and winced. “If you were human, I’d be assembling teams. What with the cold compress, sterilized dressings, dry sheets; keeping you warm… well you get my point. Not to say get all that dead skin off you and… yeah the whole skin graphing.” He walked over and proceeded to pat me down. “Gross,” he muttered as more dead cells fell to the floor. “Why aren’t you shrieking like you’re suppose to?” he asked.
“Because I’m being a nice vampire and relieving it for her,” said Tristan.
“Ah. You know, I don’t appreciate you guys dripping all over my floor.” I silently laughed. Yeah, Tristan and Elijah were bathed in blood. It looked like they jumped in a river of blood and just got out.
“Hmm?” Elijah asked.
“I’m shedding dead skin here,” I rasped out. Ewww, I sounded like a pot smoker.
“Right,” Jenkins sighed. “Turn around.” Tristan turned me so that I was facing the counter lining up the wall. “You still have open wounds.”
“Obviously,” I said. Tristan gave an exasperated sigh. “What?” I asked. He didn’t answer. I grumbled.
“Okay, turn back around,” said Jenkins. Tristan once again spun me back around. “Close your eyes.” I closed my eyes and felt the cold towel on my face. Huh, when did he get that? I must have not been paying attention. “Okay, you’re done,” he said a few minutes later. I open my eyes to find him holding a hospital gown out to me. “You don’t have clothes here, do you?” he asked. I shook my head. I took it from him and tied it around myself. “Now, I think Tristan wants you in a chair and an IV in you.”
“Yes, I do,” Tristan said, leading me back into the other room and into a chair.
“Why can I—?”
“Because,” he said, cutting me off for the millionth time. “I’m going to release you and head back to your torch chamber.” His eyes narrowed. “And I don’t think you want a tube down your throat while you curse up a storm.” I shook my head. “I thought so.” Suddenly, the room went all blurry. Oh, no, no no no no. I tried to force myself to look away from his piercing gaze, but couldn’t. God fucking damn it. He smirked. “You will not bite any humans under this roof until I say so.”
“I won’t bite any humans until you say so.”
“You will allow Jenkins to help you in any way possible to ease some of the pain. Is that clear?”
“Yes.”
“Very good,” he said and a tremendous pain slammed into me, and I was out.

TRISTAN

“Wow,” Jenkins breathed. “Creepy stuff you got there.”
I turned to the doctor and smiled. “Keep her comfortable,” I said and flashed out of the infirmary. Outside, Isabelle was checking her sister over. Spotting me, they both straightened up.
“Is she okay?” Tory asked.
“She’ll be fine.”
“Can you give her your blood?” Isabelle asked.
“No.”
“But—”
“You already gave her yours,” I pointed out. “She’s healing quickly as we speak.”
“Belle, it’s okay, I’m fine,” said Tory.
“As much as we like to feed you our blood when needed,” Elijah said from behind me. “Yes, it’s delicious, and great, and awesome and—”
“Get to the point,” I said impatiently.
He cleared his throat. “My point is there are only four of us.” Actually five, I silently added. “So, as you can see, there’s not enough of Tronis blood to pass around left and right. Unless you want us drained dry and cause massive destruction on the human population.”
Tory winced. “No thanks.”
He smiled evilly. “I thought so. Now go on. My brother and I have… business to take care of,” he said. I heard the trees snapping and the wind picked up dramatically. “Don’t we, brother?”
“Er… we’ll leave you to it,” Isabelle said quickly and both she and Tory disappeared inside.
“Yes, we do,” I growled and teleported.
A cacophony of screams, hisses, snarls, growls, and cries blasted my eardrums as I appeared in the middle of house of horrors as humans like to put it. Body parts and blood were everywhere. Shit, Avery wasn’t joking when he said an army. It was a fucking warzone. I ducked as a spear whizzed toward me. I grabbed a vampire and tore away at her neck. She shrieked as poison rapidly consumed her. Safe journey to hell, I telepathically whispered to her and ripped her head off. Another vampire landed on me. I reached behind me and effortlessly pulled him off. Slamming him to the floor, I mentally grabbed the chainsaw that flew out of his hand. Chainsaw? Seriously? Whatever. Powering it on, I put it to the vampire throat, and yeah, he was so dead. I shut it off and broke that damn thing in half and tossed it aside. I swiftly got up and plow my way through the bodies, stopping at the other end of the battle field. “Reinforcements,” Avery snarled at me.
“I can see that,” I growled. “Are you able to save any humans?”
He snorted. “No, brother, they are as good as dead. They’re so brain fucked that if I wiped them, I’ll kill them anyways.”
“He’s right,” Jayr snarled, taking down a vampire with a knee to the groin. She then proceeded to punch through and rip the heart out, throwing it into the air.
“All clear!” Adalyn shouted.
Avery sighed. “It’s finally dwindling down. It’s about time too. We can finally get out of here.”
“Bored, are you?” I drawled.
He shrugged. “Killing stupid vampires are so… a waste of our time.”
“Mmm.”
“I got better things to do,” he grumbled. He pushed himself off the wall and passed me, and I turned to follow. We headed up a flight of stairs and into what use to be an office of some sort. He groaned. “Dawn is coming.” He punched the window out and leaned out of it. A long minute later, he turned to look at me thoughtfully. Then we both winced as a loud crash sounded a floor below. “What was that?”
“Sounded like—” Avery and I fell to the floor as the whole damn building shook.
“Oh, man. What’s wrong now?” He looked at me questioningly.
“Taylor or Elijah is pissed,” I growled.
“No shit? My money is on Elijah.” Not a minute later, the lights went out. I stiffened as Elijah appeared out of nowhere. Pencils, pens, papers, computers, all went flying. I rolled away as a printer came crashing to the floor.
“I smell more of them,” Elijah snarled. I once again rolled away as a chair came at me.
“How many?” I asked.
“Twenty,” he said thickly. I jumped up and dodged several little trinkets. A feral hiss escaped him and the place shook more violently.
“Elijah,” I growled. “Control yourself before you send this whole place down.” His eyes bored into mine, a low growl issuing from him. I rose off the ground and slowly approached him, bracing myself for an explosion. We were a ticking time bomb when angered. One wrong word, wrong move, you’re dead before you even hit the floor. I put a hand on his taut arm and he let out an animalistic growl, but I didn’t remove my hand as we stared each other down. He didn’t lunge for my throat, so he was still in there… somewhere. “Brother,” I said softly. “Why aren’t they attacking?”
His eyes flashed. “They’re planning,” he hissed.
“What do you want?” He convulsed. “Tell me,” I whispered. Shit, he was going to bust a vessel if he didn’t let his rage out soon. I hissed as he forcefully slipped into my mind. You have to get them all out of here, he mentally growled. I want to take them all out on my own. He pulled back out and waited. I nodded. “They’re all yours.” I removed my hand and backed up as he doubled over and hissed. “Avery, find Taylor and gather everyone up and teleport back. Then I want you and Taylor back here.”
“I’m on it,” Avery said tightly and was out of the room. I backed further from Elijah, hoping to hell that he wouldn’t blow right here and now. The eerie presence radiating off him was suffocating enough. He went to the floor and curled into himself, his muscles jumping all over the place as he tried to control his rage.
“Tristan? Everyone’s out,” Taylor said softly, floating into the room. She looked down at Elijah and shivered.
“Do not touch him,” I warned. She nodded and flew to my side. Avery suddenly appeared in the doorway. He nodded to me. I pointed toward the window. We flew out and turned to look back in. Elijah’s eyes tracked our every movement hungrily.
“Damn,” Taylor whispered. “Was I like this when I’m about to go ballistic on the world?” She squeaked as Elijah suddenly got up and spun to the opened door. This. Was going to be bad. I looked upward to the sky as the sun peaked through the clouds. Yep, it was rampaging time, not on humans, but vampires. I looked back through the window, just in time to see the floor splitting open and Elijah disappearing along with everything else that was in the office, all crashing through to shatter against the floor below.
“Let’s go,” I said and flew back inside, and we watched as the vampires made their way in, calm and collected. Oh, but not, for long.
Screams erupted as shadows swallowed them in darkness, Elijah smiled, and I heard a gurgle and the drip, drip of blood. He pulled back the darkness to reveal one of them bleeding freely. She staggered toward him and his fangs were at her throat in a heartbeat. Then everything went down fast. “Wow,” Taylor breathed. She shuddered. “I have to admit. We’re scary.” More blood splattered onto me as vampire after vampire was being torn apart. “Imagine the four of us like that at once.”
“Let’s hope, that never happens,” I growled.
“Yeah,” she said and flew back quickly as a mutilated corpse came at her in blinding speed. One agonizing scream, and then it was over. Taylor grabbed both me and Avery and pulled us with her back through the window as the whole building caved in on itself. I cursed as a loud explosion sounded from inside. I pulled away from Taylor and we all launched ourselves into the sky, watching as the building was quickly engulfed in an infernal. I hissed as an invisible rope tightened around my throat and propelled me through the air. I came to an abrupt halt in front of Elijah. The cold suffocating sensation of darkness closed around me, and then the feeling of being teleported came over me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-nine

It felt like I was being sliced open as I struggle to break through the inky blackness. I heard the scream of Caleb and knew that I was at Elijah’s place. Energy welded up in me and exploded around me. Elijah screamed as his choking hold on me and the darkness snap. I hit the floor and gasped for air. I got up and launched myself at him, sending both him and Caleb to the floor. Taylor and Avery were both there as well, their powers slammed into Elijah, knocking him out. “Shit, he’s out of blood,” Taylor growled.
“You guys are fucking crazy,” Caleb gasped. “Now would you please get off of me or kill me?”
I hissed and bared my fangs. “I love to kill you, but unfortunately I can’t.” I leapt off of Elijah as he regained consciousness. He hissed and ripped Caleb’s throat out. I turned to Taylor. “Go—” A hand grabbed me and I spun around and threw Elijah to the floor. It didn’t even faze him. I grunted as he quickly got up and slammed me to the floor.
“Oh my god,” Taylor squeaked. I snarled as I tried to keep a hold on him. It was mighty damn hard when all of us were covered in blood. He groaned as I finally had him on the floor again.
“Elijah!” I snarled and then cursed as he jerked up, his fangs tearing at my neck. I stiffened and pulled away. I let out a guttural growl and blasted him, sending him crashing into the wall. The shadows pulsating around me flowed out and wrapped around him. I gritted my teeth as he screamed.
“Tristan, don’t bleed him,” said Avery.
“I’m not. Taylor, can you get in his head and do something? I would, but I’m too busy with this.” She nodded and moved forward. Avery’s hand on her shoulder forced her to a stop. “Don’t get close,” I panted as Elijah and I struggled back and forth.
Taylor hissed and shook her head rapidly. “I can’t. He’s not in there. I can’t even make out what he’s thinking. Although, I did make out the word blood and all he hears is the rushing of blood and pounding hearts.” Avery and I cursed. “Do you think we can teleport to the HQ and feed him?” she asked. “I know it won’t do much, but…”
I shook my head. “He’s going to kill every single human there.”
“Damn it,” she growled. “So, Avery, how did you handle Tristan?” I glared at her. “What? You’re telling me you haven’t been in this situation before?”
“For your information, we just slaughtered over a hundred vampires.” She sighed. “If you want to give it a shot, I’m blaming you if he kills someone.”
“Fine.”
I looked at Avery. “You up for this?”
He shrugged. “If I get to use his own creation on him, I’m all for it.”
I chuckled. “I don’t think he’ll forgive you for that.”
He shrugged. “He’ll get over it.”
“Alright, when I release him, I want you to hold him. Block him from using his powers, or if you’re able, take it away from him.” They nodded and I released him. His screams cut off abruptly as we all drop mental walls around him. He convulsed as I drew all his powers into me, and then he was out, again.

RYAH

I growled to myself as I made my way across another street. My backpack which held CDs and other stuff gripped tightly in my fist. “Sorry about what happen,” said Jessica.
I grumbled. “Not your fault. My foster parents can go to hell for all I care.”
“I agree,” Scarlett muttered. We turned a corner and walked to the gate. I frowned. Gabriella looked like she wanted to run.
“Uh oh,” I said. “What’s happening?” I stopped and pulled open the gate and walked through. “Gabriella?”
“Do not go inside,” she gasped.
“Why?”
“Elijah, he’s frenzying.”
“Can I be of help?”
“You must be insane. If you think so, go for it.”
“When did they get back?”
“Tryn and them came back two three hours or so ago, and the Tronis’s just got here.”
“Who’s screaming?” I asked as I tried to make out who it was.
“Loria.”
“She’s back?” Sweet. “I’m guessing she’s still healing.”
Gabriella nodded. “She got burned pretty badly.”
I winced. “Ouch.” I turned to the door. “Okay, I’m going on a suicide mission. Let’s hope I make it out alive.”
“Hey, if you’re going to play the blood donor game, I’m in,” said Jessica.
“Me too,” said Scarlett.
“You guys are fucking insane,” Gabriella muttered under her breath.
“Yes, we are,” I said and walked to the door. Opening it, we stepped inside, and I almost turned around and went back outside as the creepy feeling came over me. The feeling was a lot worse the closer I got to the second door which was open. Pausing in the doorway, I took a few deep breaths and stepped through. I turned left and walked over to the table to drop the backpack on it, wincing as Loria’s shrieks drowned out the snarls and the curses.
“Backing out?” Scarlett asked.
I rolled my eyes and turned to her. “Are you?” I asked and jogged to the infirmary where all the sounds were coming from.
“Damn,” Jessica breathed as we stopped in the doorway. Avery, Taylor, Tristan, Trynnadon, Eric, James and Callan were struggling to keep Elijah pinned to the floor. Some of them were still covered in blood. At the sound of her voice, Tristan’s head whipped around to look at us. He smiled coldly.
“Very courageous of you,” he growled. I gasped as I was jerked forward into the room. “We appreciate your help, but talking won’t do a thing.” Talking? I wasn’t planning to do any talking. I cringed as another scream from Loria ripped through the air. “Do you think you can keep his mouth open long enough for us?” Huh? What? “No, you’re more likely to get your hand ripped off. Now, be a good girl and see what you can do for Loria.” Once again, I was forced to move. Instead of going to the struggling mass of vampires on the floor, he led me to the right and into another room.
“I hate that,” Scarlett gasped. I heard the door slamming and locking behind us.
I shuddered. “Me too.” I looked over at Loria. She was panting, her black eyes focused on us, and she had her fangs bared.
“She won’t bite.” I turned to the sound of the voice. “Sorry, I’m Jenkins. You must be Ryah?”
I nodded. “What do you mean she won’t bite? From the looks of it, it looks like she wants to tear my throat open.”
“Ah… well… she… has been compelled not to bite any humans.” Jessica, Scarlett and I moved closer to the bed. Hmm, what if I give her blood? Damn, I must be brave or really stupid for thinking of it.
Loria whimpered. “Don’t do it.”
I blinked. “But you need it.”
“I already have blood going into me.”
She does? I looked around some more and noticed the IV in her arm. I frowned at it. “That’s not fast enough,” I protested. I put my wrist to her mouth. She sucked in a sharp breath, and I gasped as a cold hand gripped my arm hard and jerked it away a split second before she snapped her mouth shut and moaned in pain. Jessica and Scarlett screamed and backed away from the bed. Jenkins came forward and stuck Loria with a needle. I squealed as the hand on my arm tightened painfully. I looked up and met the cold gaze of Avery. I cringed. He smirked. “What? I was—”
“Are you crazy, kid?” he growled. How on earth could he move in those blood-drenched clothes of his? Hmm.
“I—”
“News flash Ryah, you’re in a house full of thirsty vampires. One has no mind of his own, one is under compulsion, and three are just barely hanging on.”
I whimpered and glanced at my arm which was going numb by the second. “I, I understand,” I stammered. He released my arm, and I quickly moved away from him. I could feel the hot blood flowing back to my arm and Avery’s eyes on it. After a long minute of silence, he cursed and disappeared into thin air. I looked back to Loria, and yep, she was out. “Did you knock her out with something?” I asked Jenkins.
He nodded. “Yeah, she’ll be awake in a few minutes again.” I walked to the door and tried turning the knob. It was unlocked. I opened it and looked out.
“You can come out,” said James. I opened the door wider and Scarlett and Jessica ran passed me and out of the infirmary. He chuckled. “What about you?” he asked. “Going to make a run for it too?”
“No, I’m stupid enough to wait around and see what’s going to happen next.”
He smiled. “Well, don’t let me stop you,” he said and pointed to a door behind him. “They’re in there.” I nodded and walked passed him. “Well, I’m off to do some more tracking,” he muttered. “Try not to get yourself killed.”
I slowly opened the door and stepped inside. Before I could look around, Trynnadon was suddenly in front of me. “Uh, what?”
“He’s naked.”
I blushed. “Oh. Uh… I’ll go and… wait outside.”
“That would be a good move. Better yet, I hear Peyton and Jane and the rest at the gate. Go meet up with them.” I nodded. He reached out and put a hand under my chin, tilting my head back to look him in the eye. Just before I could close my eyes, everything went blurry. “Do not return here for the rest of the day.” I nodded. “I want you to turn around and walk out of here.” I frowned. What was I doing here? I shook my head and turned around and walked out of the infirmary.

TRISTAN

Fucking. Damn it. All. To. Hell. Growling, I quickly changed into fresh clean clothes. For fuck sake, let’s hope I could keep blood off of me for a week. I snorted. Not likely going to happen. I slammed the closet door shut and teleported out of my room, appearing back in the infirmary. I walked up to Trynnadon’s side and looked down at Elijah. His clothes were finally off and no remnants of blood were on him. I groaned as my eyes lingered on the tube, watching as the red liquid quickly flowed out and down his throat. I turned to Trynnadon. He stepped away from me. “Stay,” I growled. He cursed but didn’t back up any further. I moved in on him. “How’s Kallie?”
“She’s fine,” he said.
“Mmm.”
“Jenkins let her go last night.”
“Does she remember anything?”
“Yeah, she remembers everything.”
“Hmm, and you didn’t bother wiping her memories?”
“Well, after a short episode of freaking out. She got a hold of herself. She did say she’ll try to avoid you for a while though.”
I smiled. “I think that’d be a wise choice.” I winced as Loria once again screamed. “Stay here,” I said and flashed into the other room. Loria was straining against her restraints, and Jenkins was about to stick her with another huge dose of sedatives. “Hold it,” I said to him. He nodded and moved away from her. I moved up to her side, my hand on her chest, pushing her back down.
“Please,” she screamed. “Make it go away.”
“What bag is she on?” I shouted over the screams.
“She’s on her ninth bag!”
I nodded and energy flowed out of me to wrap her in a state of numbness. Her screams slowly died off. “Better?” I asked.
“Yes,” she whimpered.
“She looks much better,” Taylor said, stepping into the room and walking to the other side of the bed.
“I feel like shit,” Loria grumbled.
“I can’t even imagine it,” she said and put her wrist to Loria’s mouth and then frowned when she didn’t bite it.
I let up on the pain reliever a little and she groaned. “Bite her,” I growled. Her tongue darted out and licked at the vein just under the skin. Taylor blinked and then cursed as Loria’s fangs pierced her wrist.
“Will this help a little?” Jenkins asked, holding out a blood bag to her. She nodded and took it from him. He tossed me one and I caught it. I ripped it open and sipped at it. Taylor’s eyes widened. I glared at her and down the whole content. “Want another one?”
I shook my head, setting the empty bag on the side table. Taylor pulled the empty bag from her mouth and licked her wrist closed. I turned to Loria. “Has the pain lessened?” I asked.
“Yeah, a lot.”
“Tristan, I’ll take over, if you like,” said Taylor.
“Yes, I’m going to wake Elijah, and who knows, I might need to use everything to keep him sane.”
Taylor laughed. “Well, good luck with that.” Loria gasped as I pulled back on the energy. “I got her, go on.”
Back in the other room, I shut off the table Elijah was strapped to so he wouldn’t get a hundred thousand volts worth of electricity coursing through him. I sighed. Where the hell was Avery with the clothes? Avery, I mentally growled. What’s taking you so long? Sorry, Avery growled. I got a little hungry. I’ll be there in a minute. I laughed. “You’re not going to wake him up, are you?” Trynnadon asked.
“Actually, I am, as soon as Avery gets here.”
He nodded. “I guess, I’ll go and help the others track down Aiden.”
“You do that.” He strode pass me and out the door just as Avery appeared beside me. “It’s about time,” I said to him.
“I said I was hungry. Now move so I can get this on him.” I stepped away and leaned against the counter. It was a minute and with some difficulties, he was finally done. “I prefer to dress an infant over this anytime,” he grumbled, re-snapping the metal bands back in place.
I chuckled. “I’m sure you do.” He stared at Elijah, and suddenly the air got a little hard to breathe in. I was at Avery’s side in a flash as Elijah’s eyes flew open. “Don’t,” I growled as he was about to say something. “You have a tube down your throat. You back with us?” I slipped into his mind. Oh, yeah, he was back, but still extremely thirsty. “Well good.” Did I kill anyone? He telepathically growled. “You didn’t kill any humans, just vampires.” He nodded. I shut off the machine and slowly pulled out the tube. His eyes narrowed.
“I think that was a bad idea,” Avery said as Elijah snarled and push at his restraints.
“There’s no more blood in there anyways.”
“Oh. Fuck.”
“Exactly.” Avery hit the switch and we both cringed as Elijah screamed the moment the table shock the hell out of him. “Easy, brother.”
He hissed. “Get. Me. More. Blood.”
“Avery, turn it off,” I said.
Elijah growled and continued to push at the restraints. “I don’t want a fucking bag.”
“You’re not getting any.”
He laughed darkly. “Then give me a human.”
“Anyone in particular?” Avery asked.
He inhaled and groaned. He stopped struggling and stared at me. I stiffened, knowing exactly who he wanted, and she was the closest. “Bring her to me.”

JANE

“Hey, Jane, where are you going?” I couldn’t answer Ryah no matter how much I wanted to. I walked down the hall and into the infirmary. I frowned. Why was I here? I heard the door closed and locked behind me. I stiffened and spun back to the door as chills ran up and down my spine. I gulped and tried to open the door, but it wouldn’t go anywhere. Crap, I am so dead. Panting, I turned around and held back a scream as Tristan was suddenly there in front of me.
“Hello sweetie,” he whispered.
I swallowed hard. “Hi?” I squeaked. I screamed as he pulled me into his arms. “No, let me go,” I whimpered. He picked me up and carried me into another room. I shrieked, but no sound came out.
“That’s enough,” he whispered in my ear and set me down.
“He’s not going to bite you.” I took in a deep breath and stared at Elijah, and then I looked around the room. I realized that I was alone with him. I bit my lower lip. Before I could move his hand shot out and grabbed my wrist, pulling me closer. “Sit up here with me,” he whispered. I whimpered. I could hear my own heart pounding in my own ears. I looked up at him and then shivered. It looked like he wanted to kill me in a second. I shook my head and lowered my gaze to the floor. “Jane,” he growled. “I’m actually being nice here.” I gasped as a cold chill ran up my arm.
“Why?” I squeaked.
“Because, Jane, I can take you so fast that you’ll be dead way before I’m done draining you.” I heard the release of the metal band and him moving. “Just to let you know, my control is quickly slipping the longer you stall me, and when I lose control, my brothers are going to have to pull me off of you.”
I groaned. “I guess I have no choice?”
“No, you don’t. So be a sweetheart and come sit beside me.”
“Okay,” I said softly. He pulled me closer to the bed. I jumped up to sit beside him, and he caught me as I was about to fall.
“You’ll feel a little bit of pain,” he said tightly. I nodded. His hand that was still on my wrist moved up to grip my arm. Was he going to bite my wrist instead of my neck? “I am more able to stop myself when I’m feeding from a wrist.” Oh. “Look at me, Jane.” I gulped. Why did he want—? “Jane,” he said impatiently, cutting off my thoughts. I braced myself and looked into his eyes, and then everything went all fuzzy on me. “You will not scream if my bite becomes unbearable, because your scream will trigger frenzying. I’ll happily let you do it next time.” Uh, okay? “You’ll remember everything I just said to you?”
“Yes,” I said in a monotone.
“You won’t fight me, will you?”
“I won’t fight you.”
“Good girl.” I blinked as everything came back into focus. Elijah looked at me a little longer and then his fangs were at my wrist. I looked away as the sharp needles pierced my skin, ow. I winced as he pulled at it. It was strange sensing the blood being drained from me.
“Hmm.” I looked toward the door and found Taylor leaning casually against it. I shivered as Elijah growled at her. “Just making sure you didn’t go overboard.” I shifted and whoa, the world tilted. “I think that’s enough, Elijah.” He snarled and withdrew his fangs. Taylor flashed in front of me and jerked my wrist from him and licked the bite wound closed. I slid off the bed and stood there until everything righted itself. “You’re good?” she asked.
I nodded. “I think so.” She let go of me, and I slowly made my way to the door. Opening it, I stepped out and softly closed the door behind me.
“I knew it,” Alyssa muttered. “Come on,” she said, taking my arm and leading the way. “Sit, I’ll get you orange juice.”
“Thanks.” I sighed and yawned as sleepiness came over me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty

TRISTAN

“Give me the address,” I growled into the phone. It was about time that I got my phone back too. It was quite a pain having to borrow someone else’s while your phone is always in another’s hand.
“I’ll text it to you,” said James.
“Fine,” I said and hung up.
“Address to where?” Elijah growled from the shadows. I grunted and stepped off the curb just as a car with the windows rolled down turned the corner. It came to a screeching halt an inch from me. Shielding my eyes from the glares of headlights, I mentally reached out and busted the windshield. The two occupants screamed and put the car into reverse. The driver, spotting Elijah in the rearview mirror stomped on the brakes, their minds broadcasting loud and clear. I flashed to the driver side and reached in to twist the key from the ignition.
“What the hell are you doing!?” she screamed at me. I licked the blood off her cheek and then snatched the gun from the passenger. I growled and bared my fangs at them. Straightening, I unload the gun and pocketed it.
“Step out,” I said quietly. When none of them move to get out, I snarled and yank the door open. Before they could scream again, I cut them off with a sharp mental command. I pulled the driver out and struck. She kicked and clawed at me. I growled and pinned her up against the car. I pulled in a couple more mouthfuls of the sweet blood and reluctantly pulled back. Elijah and I were breathing hard, and in Elijah’s case, growling. “I already took care of them.” I nodded and stepped away from the driver who quickly grabbed the side mirror to keep herself from falling.
“Let’s go,” I snarled. “Or we’ll never let them leave.”
“Another hideout?” Elijah said in amusement.
“Yes,” I said and teleported for the gazillion time. Appearing a great distance from our destination, Elijah and I inhaled deeply and sniffed the air. “What are you doing?” I asked as he started walking over to one of the vampires standing guard. He ignored me and continued forward. I growled and grudgingly followed.
“You have business here?” the guard asked.
“Yes, I do,” Elijah said, coming to a stop in front of him.
“Who are you?”
“I’m Elijah and this is Tristan.”
“I do not recognize you two.”
“We have a meeting with Aiden. He told us to meet him here.”
The guard glared at us. “Aiden doesn’t arrange appointments.”
“Oh, well, news to me.”
I smiled. “Tell him that we’re here,” I growled.
In a blur, the guard had a stake pressed against Elijah’s chest. “I’m going to be nice and ask you to leave before one of us gets hurt.”
I stiffened. “That was a wrong move to make,” I said quietly as the breeze around Elijah grew stronger. “I advise you put that stake away,” I whispered.
Elijah hissed as the stake went through slightly. Damn it,” he growled. He grabbed the stake and broke it. The guard snarled and before he could make a move, Elijah’s hand was in his chest and around his heart. He smiled as the guard gasped in shock and pain. “Now, tell Aiden that we are here,” he said slowly. “Tell him to meet with us, if he agrees, we won’t kill any vampires out here.”
“I’ll tell him,” the guard gasped and then his eyes went unfocused as the compulsion washed over him.
“Oh, you most definitely will,” Elijah whispered and removed his hand from the guard’s chest. “Go now, be a good little vampire and do as I say.”
“Hmm,” I said as the guard turned and went through the gate. “So, are we really going to let these vampires see another day?”
He shrugged. “Most likely not.” He glanced at his bloody hand longingly and licked his lips.
I smirked. “Go ahead and lick it off.”
He sighed. “Not hungry.”
“Right,” I drawled.
He wiped his hand on his shirt and cocked his head to the side. “Loria, Ari, James, Jayr and Tryn are headed this way.” I nodded. Avery, Taylor and Adalyn appeared beside us. Avery stepped back from Adalyn and looked at Elijah with narrowed eyes.
“We haven’t started and you already got blood on you. What’s up with that?” he asked.
“Hey, that stupid guard struck first,” said Elijah.
“Hmm, I see.” He hissed as the guard came back out, a new stake in hand.
“He says you can go in,” said the guard.
“Wonderful,” I said and lunged for him. I grabbed the stake and drove it into his heart. He sucked in a pained breath and went still. I got up and gestured to Taylor. “Take him to the others. Tell them not to remove the stake, if they do, I’ll drain them all one by one. When you get back we’ll move.” She nodded and picked him up and disappeared.
“Do they know we’re here?” Jayr asked as she and the others came to a stop behind us.
“Yes, they do. They think Winston has it all under control.”
“Winston?”
“The one with a stake in his heart.”
“Oh.”
“They got the place surrounded,” said Taylor. “They’ll stay put as long as I say so.” She smirked and gestured us forward. “He’s waiting for us.”
“Of course,” I said quietly. We went through the opened gate and into the building. The two guards standing beside the door didn’t make a move or say anything as we pass them. I sniffed and caught his irritated scent. I smiled. “This way,” I said, leading them down the hall and turning right and up the stairs. “Where are the rest of his people?”
“He sent them out to help surround the place.”
“Mmm, I see,” I said as we stopped in front of a windowless… office? The whole place was literally covered in papers, and books, and other stuff. Aiden looked up and smiled. Biting my tongue, I held back a growl as he focused intently on me.
“You must be Tristan,” said Aiden. “Come in.”
“And, you must be Aiden,” I said, entering the small office.
“It’s about time you found me,” he drawled. “How did you find me?”
“You seem not wanting to stay put in one spot for more than five minutes. Give or Take,” I said. “And how I found you is not your concern. Surely, you understand, don’t you?”
“I do, but let me just say that I will not be capped by the law enforcer.”
I narrowed my eyes. “This enforcer doesn’t intend to decapitate you for punishment,” I whispered. “At any rate, it would be too quick of a death for you.”
“Then what do you plan to do?” he challenged. “Burn me alive like I did to your sweet precious sister?” Rage came over me, but before I could do anything, a wave of calmness slammed into me.
“Too bad that I didn’t parish in that fire.” Aiden leapt out of his chair and then froze, his mouth falling open in shock. Avery, Taylor, Elijah and I were a little slow to react I had to admit. The Night Stalkers and the rest however, were all on the defense as the new comer stepped from the shadows, her hands raised, her eyes solely focused on Aiden.
“Evelyn,” Taylor breathed. “I must be hallucinating.”
Trynnadon cursed and straightened from his offensive stance. “Back down,” he growled to the others. They nodded and spun back around to glare at Aiden.
“Tristan, Elijah, Taylor, Avery?” Evelyn inclined her head and strode forward, stopping just outside the door. “Greetings.”
“I must be hallucinating,” Taylor repeated. Her eyes were wide and disbelieving. Evelyn’s eyes landed on Loria who was standing far back from the group.
“It was you,” Loria finally blurted out after a long second of staring at each other.
“What?” I asked.
“Later,” Evelyn whispered. “We have matters to take care of at hand. I shall tell you all about it once we are done.”
I nodded. “I hold you to it.”
“Yes, my brother.”
“Come forward, sister of mine,” I whispered and turned back to Aiden.
Aiden finally snapped back to reality and growled. “You were alive all along?”
“I was,” Evelyn said sweetly. I stepped aside to let her pass me. She stopped in front of him and looked down at him with utter disdain. “You let people do your dirty work.”
“You can't touch me. My people have you surrounded. One word from me and they’ll take you out one by one.”
She laughed. “You see, what you don’t understand is, I can put an official death warrant on your head and have your minions ordered to back down.” She snapped her fingers. “Just. Like. That. But, where’s the fun in all that?” He gulped. She smiled. “I have been waiting for quite a long time for us to get reacquainted.”
He snorted. “Not likely.”
“Call your people off, no need for anyone else to get hurt.”
He laughed. “You have yours, and I’ll have mine.”
“So that’s a no?” She shrugged. “So be it.”
“No,” I said. “This is how it’s going to work.” Aiden screamed as a stake was plunged into his stomach. Evelyn leapt aside as I launched myself at Loria. Wrenching her arms behind her back, I pulled her away from him. “Enough,” I growled. She stopped fighting me and went limp as if I hit the light switch. I cursed and tried my best to ignore the blood that was slowly dripping to the floor. I spun Loria around to face me. She hissed and cringed, looking away from me. “That won’t happen again,” I said quietly. “Will it?”
She gulped. “No, it won’t. I’m sorry.”
“No need to apologize. Now, I want you to remove that stake,” I said and released her. Her eyes widened. “Do it. I want him conscious.” She hesitated for a moment, then slowly turned to Aiden who was staring wide eyed at the stake. She grasped the stake and yanked it out. I held my hand out and she handed it to me. “Do you have any more on you?” She hesitated and reluctantly nodded. “You will do well not to pull another one out.”
“It won’t happen again. I got a little… carried away.”
“I understand.” I gestured to the group behind us. She nodded and passed me to rejoin them. I glanced at Evelyn who was staring fixatedly on Aiden’s blood. “Evelyn.” She blinked at the sound of her name and turned to look at me. “You haven’t fed.”
Evelyn groaned. “I should’ve known something like this would happen.”
“She should be punished,” Aiden growled. Loria hissed. I put a hand up to stop her and nodded for him to continue. “She should have died days ago,” he gasped, his hand pressed against the opened wound which was slowly healing.
“For?” I asked. “For staking you?” I slapped his hand away and stuck my finger in his wound. He stiffened and hissed. “Now where were we?”
“Brother,” Evelyn gasped. “I can’t hold it any longer.” I looked back at her. Elijah was holding her in a tight embrace, and she was desperately trying to get to the blood.
“If you let her anywhere near me,” Aiden growled. “I will have my people storm this place.”
I snarled and pushed him up against the cabinet. “You do that, I’ll surround this whole place in a ring of fire, and there will be no chance of escaping. So if you want your people intact and unharmed, you will keep that threat to yourself. Are we clear? Or do I have to make my point?”
“You wouldn’t dare,” he said, uncertain.
I stepped away from him. “Be very careful, Aiden. This is a game you’re not likely to win in.” I nodded to Elijah. “Release her.” The moment Evelyn was free of Elijah, she lunged for Aiden. He hissed as she struck. After a minute of growling and fruitlessly trying to shove her off, I stepped forward and pressed hard on both sides of her cheek. She growled and gripped Aiden tighter. “Enough,” I hissed in her ear. “Retract your fangs,” I growled, pushing harder. She whimpered. “Now.” She groaned but continued to drink deeply. I jabbed two fingers in and pressed down on her tongue. “I said retract your fangs.” I felt her fangs sliding back into her gums. I pulled her away and Aiden fell unconscious to the floor. She sniffed and licked the blood off my fingers. I grunted and pulled them out of her mouth.
“You’re such an ass,” Evelyn grumbled.
“So I’ve been told,” I said.
“And you should thank me for blocking him from calling out,” Elijah drawled.
Evelyn laughed. “Thank you, Elijah. I’m sure you did it out of the goodness of your heart.”
He snorted. “Yeah yeah.” He strode forward and pulled her from me. “Glad to have you back,” he whispered. “Mind you, I’m still going to kick your ass for it.”
She smiled. “I can’t wait to see you try.” I cleared my throat. They both looked at me. I pointed to Aiden who was coming around. “Save the rest for later,” she said sweetly and gently pulled away from him. She went to stand over Aiden. She smiled. “Have a nice little nap?”
He glared at her. “You little bitch,” he spat.
“Ouch, that hurt. Anything else?”
“I’m going to rip your fucking head off and—”
“You’ve already tried that, once, remember?” She inclined her head. “When that failed, you sent for several of your men to shoot tranquil darts at me and then drag me to be burned alive.” She laughed. “That failed as well, as you can see.” He was suddenly jerked up and slammed against the wall. He groaned. “I used every last ounce of my strength to teleport out of the fire. To tell you the truth, I thought it didn’t work at first.” She stepped closer and leaned down, her mouth an inch from his ear. “Until I drained every single human dry. I woke up to find bodies all around me and a grip of police on scene. It was a fucking bitch to clean up. When I was done, I went after your people, one by one. And let me tell you, it was the most fun I ever had. Of course, some of them escaped, but they didn’t get far, did they?” He gulped. “No, because at this point, I wasn’t the only one hunting you down. You were superb at evading us. It was impressive to say the least.” Avery, Elijah, and Taylor stared at me with a, what the fuck look written all over. Evelyn straightened and stepped away from him. “I don’t know if I should let you die slowly and painfully, or quickly kill you.”
“Get it done and over with,” Aiden choked out.
“Hmm, but that wouldn’t be fair to my brothers and sister if I just rip your heart out and shove it down your throat before they can have a little fun with you. You see, they want you just as much as I do.” She smirked and dropped the mental hold on him. He gasped and fell forward.
“Get up,” I growled. He struggled to his feet and looked around him, his annoying mental repetitive of, why can I call for help drilling into my brain. “Enough with your silent questions,” I growled. “You’re giving me a headache.” He blinked in confusion. I hissed and stalked over to him. “In your six hundred years of prowling this earth, you’ve learned nothing.” He stepped sideway and froze as my hand shot out and wrapped around the back of his neck. I squeezed and lifted him into the air, propelling him out the door. They all ducked as Aiden crashed through the wall into another room. I snatched up the stake and flashed after him.
“How the hell can I find anything when you bastards remain hidden,” he gasped and then screamed as I drove a stake into his side.
“Quite a grip of the vampire population somewhat knows a thing or two about us. It’s called rumors. I’m sure you’ve heard quite… a few.” I staggered as a mental blow hit me upside the head. I smiled. “You will have to do better than that if you want results,” I said quietly. I gritted my teeth and ignored the fact that my vision was getting redder as he repeatedly lashed me all over. It didn’t really hurt, but was making my inner beast come to life a whole lot faster.
“Stop,” Elijah growled. The mental whipping abruptly stopped. I smiled. Elijah looked at me. “Control yourself,” he hissed at me. I stepped away from Aiden and locked my muscles in place. “Lesson number one,” Elijah drawled, coming to stand over him. “Your mental punching and kicking and such are just making him more hungry and irritated.”
I laughed darkly. “I’m more hungry than irritated,” I growled. “I could do with…” I mentally reached out and grabbed a hold of one of the humans outside. Seeing through his eyes, I propelled him inside, up the stairs, and dropped him to the floor just outside the doorway to where we all were. I released him and slipped out of his mind.
“No,” Aiden gasped. I walked over to the human and pulled him up. I lifted the compulsion and quickly silenced him before a noise could escape.
“This human really warship you,” I drawled. “My, my, what have you turn them into? You want to know why I pick… this… particular one?” Aiden snarled. “Because you seem to… uh… have some kind of… connection to him. You think of him like a brother, don’t you?”
“You slaughtered my brother,” he hissed.
“Hmm, do forgive me if I don’t recall it.”
“He was the first one you took down, jackass.”
“Ah, I remember now. Gerard, wasn’t it?”
“How dare you speak his name,” he snarled.
“As close as you two were, I’m surprise you don’t keep each other updated and all that.” He screamed and I was thrown backward and slammed into the window. Trynnadon grabbed me before the human and I could tumble out of it. I cursed and threw the human away from me. “I really hate it being thrown out of the window,” I said, brushing the glass off of me. “It’s very annoying to be honest.” I sighed and flashed to the human who was crawling to the door, trying to be all sneaky about it. I put a hand on his shoulder and flipped him backward. “Nice try, better luck next time, like say, when there is no vampires in the room and you keeping your thoughts to yourself.” He stared wide eyed up at me.
“Don’t you dare bite him,” Aiden snarled.
I inclined my head and smiled. “Just a little taste? One sip won’t… hurt him.”
“No,” he gasped and with all that he got, pulled the stake out of himself and flung it out the window. He jumped on me. Falling on top of the human, I buried my fangs in his arm. Aiden snarled in my ear, his hands around my neck. I released the human’s vocal cord. Suddenly the room was filled with screams. Aiden jerked my head back and my fangs tore at the flesh even more. In a blur, I flipped over and snapped Aiden’s wrist and rolled off of him. Before he could get up, I was on him, this time my fangs only an inch from his neck. Inhaling deeply and exhaling sharply, my tongue darted out and licked his neck. Aiden went very, very still under me. My eyes narrowed, and I snarled, pushing myself off of him. Cool hands grabbed my arms and jerked me farther away.
“Play nice, brother,” Elijah breathed in my ear. His arms encircled me, and I was slammed against his chest. I bit my lower lip and drew blood. He tightened his hold on me as I twitched. I growled and then snarled as Avery, Taylor and Evelyn surrounded the both of us. “Tryn, make sure our captives do not leave this room,” Elijah growled.
“Of course,” said Trynnadon.
“Not. A step. Out. Of the room. So much so, I will slap that head of yours off.”
“Trust me, they are not going anywhere.” Breathing fast, I jerked my head forward. Avery snarled and leapt back; his hand shot out and shoved my head back.
“Not a chance,” Avery growled at me. I growled back and snapped at his hand. “Fucking shit.” He punched me and the room swam. Avery gave an exasperated sigh. “Dude, go to sleep, damn it,” he said and socked me physically, and mentally. Last thing I remember was the feeling of… peace?


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-one

Everything came back, slowly, but I didn’t open my eyes. Instead, I just lay there, taking in everything around me by other means of hearing and feeling. Oh, they knew I was awake, but no one made a move or a sound as I continued to remain motionless and silent. As the silence stretch, my hunger grew. Score one for me, I didn’t bolt upright and snatch the closest vampire or human and rip them apart, but I knew, they knew, it wouldn’t last. Whoever was controlling me was very slowly slipping away. I couldn’t help it. “You know, this silence thing is unnecessary,” I said with my eyes still closed.
“Didn’t realize you were awake,” Elijah drawled.
I smirked. “Then you must have the worst six-sense ever.”
“I know, I beat myself up for it every day,” he said sarcastically.
“You do, huh?”
“Tell your other half to shut the fuck up would you?”
I chuckled. “My other half?”
“Yeah, the one that demands blood every second of every minute of every hour of every day?”
“Oh, that. I think that’s all of me, brother.” I opened my eyes.
Elijah cursed and flashed to my side. “If you so much as move,” he warned. “I will go nuts on you.”
“How touching,” I growled. He stiffened. “Care to do it now? Because, I’m mighty… hungry.” I bolt up off the floor and launched myself on him. The room was a blur as I was lifted into the air and slammed to the floor. I was mentally being attacked from all sides. My eyes snapped to Evelyn, but before I could do anything, she smiled and propelled herself forward, landing on me. I grunted. I hissed and bared my fangs at her. “Do it,” I growled. “Before I—” I relaxed as a wave of calmness washed over me. “Throw you off of me and rip your throat out instead,” I finished.
Evelyn laughed and got off of me. “Us girls are awesome, don’t you think?” I grunted. “But then again, you could fight it if you wanted to.”
I smiled. “Yes, I can.”
She sniffed. “Please don’t?”
“Then give me some blood.”
Taylor flashed to the door and opened it. “It’s on the way,” she said and stepped out, closing it behind her.
“How long was I out?” I asked.
Elijah laughed. “Not even ten minutes, two minutes or so. You want to know your longest record of unconsciousness?” he asked. “Nineteen minutes and seventeen seconds.” He tilted his head to the side. “Congratulation, brother.”
I snorted. “Do me a favor and get lost. Out of all of us, you would just happen to be the one keeping track.”
He chuckled. “All part of a tracker’s job. It’s in the description. Have you read it?”
“No, I’m afraid not.”
“Well, I’ll—” He glanced toward the doorway and sniffed. “Taylor,” he breathed as the door was opened and a bleeding human was pushed inside. “Seriously?”
“Sorry,” said Taylor. “He pissed me off.”
“Did he now?” Elijah asked. She shrugged. I reached out and grabbed the human’s leg and pulled him to the floor. “Fuck, Tristan, anymore bleeding is not necessary,” he said as more blood came out.
“Sorry,” I growled and dragged the human to me.
“Sure you are.” I hissed. He put up a hand. “Hey, take it easy there, brother, no harm done.” I grunted. Rolling over, I swiftly pulled the human under me. I bared my fangs and plunged it into the bleeding wound. Sighs and groans filled the room as I took in great gulps of the sweet, slightly bitter blood. I growled in annoyance. Only one out of ten do I get a drug free blood.
“Sorry,” said Taylor. “He’s the cleanest out of them all.” I gave one last great pull of the blood and before getting up; I licked the remaining blood on his neck, leaving no trace behind. On the other hand, if it was on the floor, I wouldn’t have bothered with it.
“Satiated?” Elijah asked.
I licked the blood off my lips and rolled my eyes at him. “For a good half an hour if no one bleeds,” I drawled.
“Do you mind?” I knew exactly what he was referring to and shook my head. Not to add, he was staring at the bloodless corpse opened wound hungrily.
“You seriously just asked me that?”
He shrugged. “Just making sure you didn’t have any plans in mind for the next… five minutes.” He walked to the door, Evelyn, Avery, and Taylor following behind him. “We’ll make it fast, just in case.” I stiffened and gritted my teeth. Elijah glanced back at me. “Be a good idea to go back into the other room which is… six floors below. It’ll keep you distracted.” I nodded. They all stepped out of my way as I came out. I frowned and sniffed the air, and then sniffed again. Blood, no longer the only thing I could concentrate on was shoved to the back of my mind as the smell of urine and other things assaulted my senses. They all burst out laughing. I made a disgusted noise at the back of my throat. “I think we should pass up on the feedings. I want to see what the hell is going on down there,” Elijah mused. I shrugged, rubbing a hand over my stinging eyes. Without another word, we headed to the double doors at the end of the hall and flew down the stairs. We came to a stop, this time in the actual doorway instead of the busted wall opening.
“Well, well, well, what do we have here?” I said, stepping inside, ignoring my burning eyes and nose. My gaze landed on the human. The scent of fear, anger, hatred, and on top of it all, embarrassment poured off of him. I narrowed my eyes and turned to Aiden. “I didn’t know not being potty trained was a requirement.” He just stared at the human in disgust. I walked over and jerked his head around to look at me.
“Get your hands off me,” Aiden snarled.
“Answer me this,” I said softly. “Does your human know how to clean after himself?”
“Of course he does,” he spat. “If he wasn’t scared shitless, it wouldn’t have happened.”
I tilted my head back and to the side, zeroing in on the human’s thoughts only. He really had to go, but was looking for an opportunity to ask the simple question. “This is childish and ri-fucking-diculous,” I snarled and threw him across the room. I turned to the human and flashed to him. “I have no intention of draining you, but I’m also not letting you walk out of here. So…” I reached down, and snapped his neck. “Ari—”
“On it,” she said, cutting me off. Flashing to my side, she picked the human up and was out of there.
“Can we move?” Taylor asked. I nodded. I went over to the dazed looking Aiden and pulled him up. “When we are done, I’m going to spend hours in the shower and scrub myself to death,” she muttered as we all exited the room.
“Count us all in,” I said tightly. In a blur, we all moved up twenty floors before coming to a slow walk. Aiden repeatedly whipped me mentally and physically kicking me, not noticing the warning looks my brothers and sisters were shooting his way. I glared at the back of his head and just… wishing that I could make his head explode… so to speak.
“Don’t,” Avery hissed in my ear. I took in a deep breath and anchored myself. Trynnadon kicked the door opened and in a blink, had a vampire by the throat, and I froze. Around me, only Elijah, Avery, Evelyn, and Taylor were rooted to the spot as they stared at the vampire in Trynnadon’s grip. Aiden choked as the wave of power poured from me, into him, and continued spreading outward and increasing. To add to it all, I wasn’t the only one projecting energies. I tossed Aiden across the hall and sent both Trynnadon and the pathetic vampire flying as I launched myself into the room. Ignoring that vampire, I dropped to the floor beside the still form of another vampire whose head was halfway severed. Thanks to whoever was watching from above, I didn’t send this whole place up in flames and who knows what else as I curse up a storm. I took one last look out the room, my eyes focused on Aiden.
“Come. Here,” I softly hissed. “Don’t. Make. Me. Tell. You. Again.” No one moved as he slowly came over to me. My fingers twitched the closer he got. He stopped beside me. “Not. A. Move,” I whispered. “So much as a twitch, I will very slowly rip that heart of yours out while draining you of every single drop of that blood, and trust me when I say it’s not all warm, friendly, and orgasmic.” I pulled him to the floor. “Do you understand, or do I have to prove it,” I growled. He shook his head rapidly. I glanced at Trynnadon who was looking at me questioningly. “You will save me one less problem, if you just… do me that friendly gesture of killing him,” I said, nodding to the vampire he was still holding. Not bothering to see if he did as I told, I turned to the stilled vampire in front of me. Baring my fangs, I sliced through my wrist and pressed it to his partially opened mouth. I had to do this five times before I got any reaction. “Tate,” I said softly. Tate jerked and his eyes flew opened, his head no longer halfway severed from his shoulders. “Tate,” I repeated. His eyes flickered to Aiden and he snarled and knocked him backward. I didn’t stop him as he struggled his way into my pocket and pulled out the blade. Sliding it out of its protection sleeve, he pressed it to Aiden’s neck. The moment it made contact, he gave a bloodcurdling scream. I didn’t bother to cover my ears as his screams drilled painfully against my eardrums. Tate looked at me, blood, gore and all, and waited. I looked over to one of my youngest sibling. Evelyn pained expression focused on me. She strode over, and nodded to Tate. She reached down and took his free hand.
“I won’t begrudge you this moment,” she said quietly. “Even though I’ve waited a hell of a long time for it.” She smiled. “I will be satisfied witnessing his demise. Tate, childe of Tristan who is brother of mine blood, I order you to carry out his execution by beheading as you wish.” She dropped his hand and straightened, moving around to stand behind me. Elijah, Avery, and Taylor closed the circle, blocking the onlookers. Aiden, who screams were silenced came back full volume as Elijah raise a hand, stopping the cursing and grumblings from the others in the doorway. I nodded to Tate. Tate smiled and stared into Aiden’s wide fearful eyes and plunged the blade deep into his neck, severing his head, completely. Evelyn’s breath whooshed out of her. “Finally,” she growled and picked up the head and well, played bowling with it. Avery extracted the blade from Tate’s hand as he fell back into consciousness. I caught him before he could fall sideway and pulled him to me. I looked up at Evelyn. She waved her hand at me. “Really, I meant every word I said.” I nodded and smiled. I got up and kicked the corpse away from me. Evelyn and the others followed as we went back down the stairs. “Just be glad you didn’t send this place a blaze before I could watch him die,” she said. She punched me on the arm lightly. “I’m great. All you need to do is kick my ass if you still wish to.”
“Oh, I’ll kick your ass alright,” said Avery.
“Great, because I haven’t had a nice brawl in a while.”
“Tristan, would you like me to take Tate so you can knock those two heads together?” Elijah asked.
My eyes narrowed. “Thanks, but I think I can do that one handed, if I wanted to.” We stepped out into the cool night and over to the immobilized vampires. “Round up everyone. I want them all here.” They all moved into action as I walked over to one of the trees and leaned against it, my eyes roving over every inch of the area around me. In my arms, Tate twitch, and I looked down and met his cold eyes.
“Sire,” he choked out. He coughed up blood and pushed weakly at my arms. I let go of him and he drop to the ground. Panting, he stared up at me, looked around him, and then at himself. He grimaced and looked back up at me. “So, my killing of Aiden wasn’t a dream?” he rasped out.
I smiled coldly. “It was not.” The compulsion lifted, one of the vampires darted forward, her eyes flashed with the intent of killing. So it was a few seconds before she stumbled to a stop. Fire shot from my hands to form a circle around the three of us. Tate shot up and fell against me. I wrapped my arms around him and straightened. Outside the small ring of fire, a huge crowd gathered. Elijah, Avery, Evelyn, and Taylor came to stand beside me. They snarled at the speechless stunned vampire who looked like she was about to fall into the fire at any moment. Trynnadon came up to me and stopped short of the fire and inclined his head. “I take it that this is all of them?” I asked. He nodded and gestured for Jayr and the others. They launched themselves into the air and dropped behind us.
“You know,” Evelyn whispered. “You guys could have gone around, you know.” I glanced behind me in time to see Trynnadon shaking his head.
“I have them all covered,” said Elijah. I turned back to the front. “They can try to fly out of here if they like.” I smirked. “Who is this?” he asked, nodding to the lone vampire.
“I was just wondering that myself,” I growled. That lone vampire finally came to and her hands were in Tate’s back. Tate screamed as my vision went black. Someone was whispering in my ear. I opened my eyes to find myself being held down. “Let me up,” I snarled. They let go of me. I snatched Tate from Jayr and before I could tell him to, he lunged for my throat. I held him tighter as he literally chewed my neck open. After a few more gulps, I yank his head back. “Enough,” I hissed. I stared into his wild eyes, my compulsion slamming into him. “You will sleep until I wake you,” I whispered. He nodded, and I handed him to Elijah. “Don’t let anyone near him, touch him.” He nodded and disappeared into the shadows. I turned to Avery. “I didn’t kill all of them, did I?”
Avery shook his head. “You killed her and every single one who jumped in to help her.” I turned around and groaned, because in front of me, was a huge pool of blood and ashes, making my hunger rise even more. A hand covered my eyes and I snarled.
“That doesn’t help,” I growled.
“I know,” said Jayr. I let her pull me away. In the distance, Taylor’s voice reached me.
“We have to get out of here,” Avery gasped. “Jayr, stay here.” She nodded and removed her hand. He gripped my arm and everything went black. A blink of an eye later, we were standing in my living room. “Tate, wake up,” I said as my gaze flickered to the couch. The vampire sitting there cursed and launched himself at me, but Tate got to me first. After sending him and me crashing to the floor, I glared at the other vampire. Tate groaned and extracted himself from between us.
“Do you mind here,” he gasped. He glared at the vampire who was still on top of me. “I was about to bite him.” He struggled to his feet. “Asshole,” he muttered.
“No blood,” I said as he headed to the kitchen.
“Damn it,” he growled.
“Get your ass back here.” I narrowed my eyes. “And Ian, please get off of me before I send you flying.”
Ian cleared his throat. “Sorry,” he said and was up in a flash.
I got up and went to sit on the couch as Tate came to stand in front of me. “Didn’t expect to see you here,” I drawled. Ian shrugged. I held out my wrist to Tate. I grunted as his fangs tore at it. “Why are you here?”
“Samantha Branson,” he said curtly. “Audrianna and I been watching her, and hey to you too.”
I nodded and turned to look at the others and snapped my fingers. Ian sighed. “Anyone home?” I asked. Ari blinked. “For those of you who don’t know.” I pointed to Ian. “That is Ian and the one sucking at my wrist is Tate. I sired them both as well as Audrianna.” I huffed. “Honestly, Tryn, could you please keep your thoughts to yourself? You’re making my ears bleed.”
Trynnadon laughed. “Not my fault if you can hear my every thought. I do have my shield up.”
I grunted. “Right, and Tate, that is enough.” I pointed to the kitchen.
Tate withdrew his fangs and frowned at me. “No blood huh?”
“Well I lied.” He got up, but I yanked him back to me. He stiffened. I growled. “You. Have. Some. Explaining. To do, and I will hear every. Second. Detail of it.”
He swallowed. “Yes, but another time.” He was flat on the floor in a heartbeat, my hands around his neck.
“That time?” I said softly. “Better be a lot sooner. Than Later.”
“Yes, sire,” he gasped out. I released him, and he was up and out the living room as if I shoved a live wire up his ass. His mental terror turned into annoyance as I heard the refrigerator door slammed shut.
“No AB negative, blame it on Elijah,” I said to him as he came out, already halfway finished with the bag. “I have to go back,” I growled and teleported out of there.
I snatched the nearest human and sank my fangs deep in his neck. I tossed him aside. Everything came to an abrupt halt as fire lit up the place. “The next one to move will be burned to death,” I hissed. “So, if you want to live to see dawn, you will remain silent and not move an inch from your current position.” I took a step forward. “Who is Aiden’s third-in-command?” A five foot two male vampire with shoulder length brown hair and the only one shirtless nodded his head. “Stand.” He flashed to his feet and tensed, his eyes bored into mine.
“State your name,” said Taylor.
“What’s the point when you can just pluck it out of my head?” the vampire hissed.
“Answer it,” I snapped.
The vampire laughed. “You think you can take us down? Aiden’s order was to kill each one of you when he’s dead.”
“Fuck,” Ian growled. “I’ve missed all the fun.”
Ignoring that, I flashed over and grabbed the vampire and pulled him through the fire. He screamed and I threw him to the ground. “You dare say that in front of me?” I softly growled.
“Yeah, I dare.” Gasps rippled through the crowd, but I ignored it. I mentally jerked him back up to his feet.
“I am bored with this. So…” I hissed and ripped his throat open. He screamed and thrashed in my arms as I continued gulping down mouthfuls after mouthfuls until there was no blood left. I stepped back and in a blur, Elijah’s hand punched through and ripped out the heart while Taylor ripped the head from the body. “Anymore objections or accusations?” I asked. No one made a sound of protest. “Then we are done here?” My skin tingled as I let the fire grow bigger and hotter. I ducked as a knife came at me. I caught it and sent it back to its owner. She gasped as it buried itself in her chest. I growled and extinguished the fire with a glance. “Come forward,” I snapped and dropped a mental rope around her. My eyes narrowed, and I propelled her forward. She screamed as I released her. She dropped to the ground in front of me. I reached down and pulled the knife out. I felt more vampires gathering behind me. I was now the center of attention. My head pound as thoughts after thoughts grew louder and louder. I groaned and willed it to a manageable level. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Danielle,” I hissed. She whimpered. “Five seconds to start talking.” I waited, and waited, and waited, but she didn’t say a word. I sighed and stabbed her through the heart. She gasped. “I already know,” I said softly. “But I just wanted to hear you say it. All of you are worthless.” I pulled the knife out and reached down and yanked out the heart. I straightened. “I have nothing else to say.” I put every vampire into a state of immobilization and dropped them all to the ground. Screams broke out as my power surged on, slowly killing them from the inside out. “Kill them,” I ordered. In a blur, the vampires behind me moved in one.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-two

“I have something that might interest you.” I leaned back and stared up at Trynnadon intently. Yeah, it was a couple of hours after that massive slaughter and here I am acting all casual as if nothing ever went down to begin with. I folded my arms and waited for his response.
“Really?” he asked suspiciously. I nodded. “I’m almost afraid to ask what it is.”
I chuckled. “Have you been searching for someone?”
He stiffened. “What do you know about that?” I straightened and pulled opened my desk drawer, retrieving a picture and handing it to him. He took it and glanced at it. He cursed and looked back at me. “That’s her I’m looking for.”
I shut the drawer and got up. “Is she anything to you?”
“No.”
“I see.” I walked to the door and closed it. “Why do you want her?”
He sighed. “She killed a good friend of mine.”
“Oh really?” I turned to face him. “What were you going to do once you found her?”
He stiffened. “I was going to kill her myself.”
“Mmm, and what will you get, from it?”
“Knowing that my friend’s killer is no longer walking the earth,” he muttered.
“Were you going to contact me before carrying this out?”
He winced as my voice grew softer and energy swirled around me. “Yes, I would.”
“Would you?” I stepped closer to him. “Or would you have found a way to contact me after you killed her?” He remained silent under my gaze. I smiled. “I take it you weren’t going to tell me at all.” He cursed and nodded. “Where is she? Do you have any ideas at all?”
“You have her.”
I smirked. “And if I did have her, what would you do?”
“I let you deal with her.”
I flashed over to the door and opened it. My gaze went to the shadows further down the hall. “Come.” Tera stepped from the corner and toward me. I lifted the compulsion and snatched her. The door slammed shut with a thought.
“Let go of me,” she snarled. I spun her around and walked to Trynnadon. The moment she saw him, she stiffened in my arms. The energy from him filled the room as he stared at her. He snarled and glanced at me.
“Why so quiet?” I asked her softly. “Surely you have something to say?”
Tera groaned and went limp in my arms. She looked up at me. “Kill me and get it over with.”
“Oh, I’m not going to kill you,” I whispered. I released her and backed away. “Tera Blennavier, you are sentence to death for the decapitation of Ethan Morte. Do you have anything to say?”
“I do not.”
I smiled. “Take her,” I growled. Trynnadon hissed and grabbed her. “Outside.” He nodded and was out the window in a second. I blew out a breath and cross the floor and slammed it shut.
“You’re letting him kill her?” I turned to find Avery standing in the doorway. I shrugged. “First time for everything,” he muttered.
“How’s Tate?”
“He’s completely back to himself.”
I nodded. “Is everyone back?”
“Yeah, they’re all out in the living room.” I stepped out of my office, leaving Avery to follow. I mentally sigh as all conversation went silent the moment we entered.
“If you’re planning to drop a nuclear bomb anytime soon, I would understand you don’t want me to hear about it,” I said. “Other than that, I don’t give a shit.” I tapped my ear. “Go on, I can’t hear a word you’re saying.”
Eric cleared his throat. I looked expectantly at him. “Ryah, Peyton, and Christian are here.”
I glanced at Taylor. She grunted. “Where are they?” I asked.
“Outside.”
“Bring them in.” I went to one of the chairs and sat down. Ian leaned forward and handed me a portfolio. I took it and flipped it open. Of course, the picture inside happened to be Samantha Branson. I closed it and placed it in Evelyn’s outstretched hand. She got up and flashed out of the room. I groaned as I caught the fresh scent of spilled blood coming closer. The door opened and Taylor, Trynnadon, his hands covered in blood, and the kids came in. Muttering, I pointed down the hall. Trynnadon chuckled and headed for the bathroom.
“I brought your guitar back,” Ryah said, coming to a stop beside me. She dropped into a chair and absent mindedly rubbed her arm.
“Thanks,” I said, and then I found myself on the floor. I blinked in confusion.
“Like I said, there’s always a first time for everything,” said Avery. Still feeling the invisible tugging, I let my gaze take in everybody in the room, and Ryah wasn’t where she was a second ago. She stepped around Jayr and that pulling feeling went away. “But then again, I was blocking her thoughts from you.” I pushed off the floor and went over to her.
“Okay, you can bite me,” said Ryah.
“Thanks for the offer,” I said softly. “But it wouldn’t do any of us any good.”
She sighed in relief. “Yeah, you’re right, it wouldn’t.”
I bent down and leaned in. “I’ll forget that you try to throw me across the room,” I whispered in her ear. “If you tell me why I smell a grip of cash on you?”
She stiffened. “How do you know they’re not just a bunch of dollar bills?”
“I don’t but,” I put a finger in her pocket and pulled out a few. I straightened and looked at how much I took, and had to blink several times. I hit her with my, I’m going to kill you if you don’t talk now look. Jayr glanced down at her and silently move to stand in the hallway. Ryah swallowed and took several steps away from me. At this point, the whole living room was silent and waiting.
“I… ah… I… stole it,” she mumbled.
My eyes narrowed. “From who?”
She took another step back. If she keeps backing up, she was going to find herself having nowhere to go. “From my foster parents.”
“Mmm, how much did you take?”
“I don’t know.”
“Did you take their whole safe content?”
She shook her head. “Just a few handfuls.”
I chuckled. “Indeed, you little thief.” I held out my hand. “Hand me the rest.”
She frowned. “But—”
“I am not going to let you run around with a thousand dollars on you. Now hand it over.”
She sighed and reached into her pockets, taking out a wad of cash. She held it out and I took it from her. “What will you do with it?”
“I’m going to put it in treasury.” She nodded. I grunted at the money in my hands. They were all in hundred dollar bills. “Elijah.” Elijah got up and came over to me. “Take this.” He took it from me and nodded. “Break a fifty for her,” I said, nodding to Ryah.
“Of course.”
I followed him past Jayr and down the hall. I went into my office and closed the door. I leaned against it and watched as Evelyn type away on the computer. “We have a little thief in our midst?” Evelyn asked, spinning around to finally look at me after a good long minute.
“Who says anything about that?”
“Just from what I picked up out there.”
“There won’t be one.”
“Are you sure about that? Because, once a thief, always a thief.”
“That was her first time.”
She frowned. “Really?”
“Yes.” I gestured to the computer. “What are you up to?”
“I was just going through fifteen years worth of info.”
I winced. “Have fun with that.”
“I plan to.”
“I might have more files on backup discs.” I walked over to a filing cabinet and unlocked the last drawer and opened it. I straightened and backed away from it. “Feel free to go through all of them. Just make sure to lock it when you’re finish.”
She nodded. “Where are you going?”
“I’m going out to feed.”
“Oh.”
I open the door and stepped out. “Mmm, I’ll try not to kill anyone.”
Outside, I walked down the driveway and stopped. “Can I join you, Tristan?”
“Of course, Tate. Come.” I turned and he took hold of my hand and everything went black as I teleported. Tate dropped his hand and sniffed the air. “Anything interesting?” I asked.
“Yeah.”
“Right,” I muttered. “Just wait until you’re a thousand years old. Things start to bore you. Don’t worry. You still have seven hundred eighty-nine years to enjoy it.”
He smirked. “I’ll keep that in mind.” I pointed to a side alley. “Why there?”
“Pay attention.” He tilted his head to the side and stiffened when the sounds of multiple heartbeats reached him. I smiled. “Exactly,” I whispered. I put a hand on his shoulder and steered him closer. “You need to work on that awareness of yours.”
“I know I know, you’ve been telling me that for two hundred eleven years now.”
I chuckled. “It would have come in handy when the Desecrator snatch you, wouldn’t it?”
He nodded. “Why the hell do they call themselves that?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t ask. What I want to know is how did they get you?”
He sighed. “I was in my own little world and wasn’t paying attention to my surroundings,” he muttered. “I know what you’re going to say, don’t.”
“If it makes you feel better. I won’t say a word.” I drew Tate to a stop, letting a little energy to flow outward, wrapping around the two humans a short distance away. Tate shivered, and I dropped my hand from his shoulder. “Bring them forward,” I growled. I watched as the two humans straightened and made their way over to us. I snatched one of them and struck. I groaned and pulled harder, blood quickly filled my mouth. I swallowed the warm liquid while registering that the human was limp in my arms, but I couldn’t get myself to stop. Cool fingers dug painfully against my cheeks. Growling, I grudgingly withdrew my fangs. Tate yanked the human from me and licked the wound closed.
“Tristan, do you need another one?” he asked, his eyes narrowing on another human walking by. The human changed direction and walked over to where we were. “Sire?” he continued when I didn’t answer him. I nodded. “Take it from her wrist.” He brought the human closer to me, and I growled. “Tristan, wrist,” he said sharply. I reached out and grabbed her hand, bringing it to my mouth. I hissed and buried my fangs in her wrist. My hunger slowly eased up even more as I drew the blood in and down my throat. One last long pull, I let her go and swallowed. Tate quickly licked the remaining blood, closing the bite wound. He looked at me questioningly.
“I’ll be fine,” I rasped out. He nodded and step away from the human. He touched my arm and without another word, I teleported. He blinked as we appeared in the kitchen. He quickly flashed into the living room, knowing too well what I was about to do. I snarled and pulled the refrigerator door open, grabbing the last three bags of blood. I stabbed the bag to my fangs and slowly turned around to eye Peyton’s neck. I removed the bag and hissed at her. “Are you looking for something?” I dropped the two full bags on the counter and walked over to her. “Well?”
She gulped. “I’m thirsty. I came in here to find something to drink.”
“That makes the two of us,” I said and returned the bag to my mouth. I went back to the fridge and took out a water bottle and held it out to her. She hesitated for a second and then took it from me. Sorry, I mentally growled at her. Water is all I have if you wanted something else.
She nodded. “Thanks.” I pulled the empty bag away and tossed it in the trash. I grabbed another one and ripped it open, quickly draining it as Peyton continue to watch me.
“You want this last bag?” I asked.
“No,” she squeaked. “Ewww.”
“You’re watching me with that curious expression of yours.” I licked the blood off my lips and pointed to the water in her hand. She looked at it and twisted the top off and down half the bottle before catching herself. I chuckled. “Slow down a little there. You wouldn’t want a brain freeze now, do you?”
She shook her head. “Nope.” I grunted and ripped the third bag open. “Didn’t you just get back from feeding?” she asked as I followed her out the kitchen. I leaned against the wall and slowly drained it. I dropped it on the little table beside me. The only vampire in the living room was Ian. Peyton grumbled and sat down, moving as far as the couch would allow.
“Elijah wants me to tell you that he went out,” said Ian. “He and Taylor left like two minutes before you and Tate got back.” Peyton huffed. He turned to her and she stiffened. “What are you huffing and puffing about?”
“He didn’t answer my question,” she muttered.
He smirked. “He’ll just ignore you if he doesn’t feel like talking.”
“Um, who are you?”
“Oh, right. I’m Ian, you are?”
“Peyton.”
“Where is everyone?” I asked.
“They’re out on your back porch,” said Ian. “Tate is taking a trip to the hospital.”
“Is my brother out there with them?” Peyton said, jumping up and running for the backdoor.
I laughed. “You’re brother is in no danger.”
“Easy for you to say,” she said, opening it and stepping out.
Ian chuckled. “Protective, huh?”
“Wouldn’t you be?”
“Yeah, guess I would.”
I flashed to the door and opened it. Nodding to Ian, I stepped out and walked over to the screen door and peered out. “Do I get a vote?” Ari asked.
“Vote on what?” I asked.
Ryah stiffened and turned to look at me. “Not really a pole. I just asked what kind of music they like.” I pushed open the door and walked over to them. “So, what’s yours?”
“Are we doing the, get to know you quiz?” I drawled.
“Not really.”
“I like many varieties of music, but I mostly stick to Slipknot and Nirvana.”
“Nice,” she breathed. “Do you like 3 Doors Down?”
“Sure, they’re great.”
“Great for keeping voices out of your head,” said Ari.
I smiled. “It sure is.”
“Favorite color?” Peyton asked.
“Believe it or not, blue.”
“I like purple,” said Ari.
I grunted. “Sorry to change the subject here,” I said. Ryah and Peyton looked at each other and then nodded, going over to Loria and Christian.
Ari frowned. “Now here I thought you were giving me a break.”
“Well you never ask for one.”
“Because I enjoy carrying out whatever you have in mind.”
“Truly, you are something.” I willed the screen door open. “Come.” She followed as I led her back inside. I dropped onto the couch and leaned back. After a moment of hesitation, Ari sat down beside me. She stiffened, trying not to squirm away. I sighed and drew back the waves of eerie presence that was probably smothering her.
“You didn’t have to do that,” she muttered.
I laughed. “If I am to speak to you without having my mouth watering at the sight of you afraid of me would be a great help.”
She winced and looked over at Ian who suddenly found the clock on the wall very interesting. “Ian, do you mind offering another pint?”
Ian looked thoughtful. “After five pints in him… I think he’ll be fine for another ten minutes.” He frowned and shivered. “If my senses aren’t deceiving me.”
“Well, do you mind telling me when to make a run for it?”
“Can’t you tell?”
“Ah, not really.”
“How long have you been around him? You still haven’t mastered hiding your emotions?”
She shrugged. “I'm getting better at it.” He stared at her for another second and flashed from the room. “Where—? Oh,” she breathed as the fresh scent of blood reached her. I grunted. She folded her hands together and watched me very intently. Ian was back with a cup of blood in his hand. I took it from him.
“Figures you couldn’t talk and feed at the same time.” He tapped the cup. I gave him a questioning look. “Sip it, because I’m not going to repeatedly cut myself.”
“I’ll take your advice,” I said. “This time.” He picked up the guitar and disappeared down the hall.
“So,” said Ari. “What is it that you want to talk to me about?” She frowned and then gave me a knowing look. “Wait, I think, I already know what it is.”
“Do you?” I asked and gulped down the blood. She nodded. “Good.” She gasped as I let my energy fill the room. She jumped up and froze as the shadows surrounded her. “You just made it a whole lot easier, for me.”
“Cruel bastard,” she whimpered.
I smiled. “That. I am. Don’t you just… love it?”


* * * * * *



Epilogue One Week Later

Stepping into my office, I dropped into my chair and stared blankly at the blue monitor in front of me. Sighing, I reached over and picked up the phone and started dialing. The other end picked up after two rings. “Audrey Davis,” a sweet female voice greeted me.
“Audrianna,” I softly growled. She took in a sharp breath, and I could hear movements and a door closing on the other end.
“Tristan,” she breathed. “How are you?” she asked.
Detecting a hint of fear in her voice, I couldn’t help but smirk. “I am very well, yourself?”
“I’m good.”
“Wonderful to hear.”
“What can I do for you?”
“Tell me, what is the status on Samantha Branson?”
“Her flight schedule is still on.”
“How long is she planning to stay?”
“She is down for two weeks.”
“Does she have any plans during this trip?”
“I don’t know.”
“Hmm, I’m sending someone your way.”
“Who?”
“Her name is Jayr Valintin.”
“How do you spell that?”
I grimaced. “J-a-y-r and her last name is V-a-l-i-n-t-i-n.”
“Okay, got it.”
I clicked open internet explorer and logged on to the Tronis group email account. “I’m sending you a picture of her.” I scrolled through the contact list and clicked on Davis, Audrianna. Attaching the picture, I hit send. “When she gets there, I want you to drop Branson a visit… alone.”
“I will.”
“You will not identify yourself to her. From what I know, she is afraid for her life and has been for two years.”
“She almost killed someone, right?”
“Many times, matter of fact, she has killed once.”
“What? Does she even know?”
“That is your job, sweetheart. Find out if she has any memory, say… the year 2005.”
“I’ll do that, anything else?”
“You’ll follow her to California.”
“Got it.”
“I’ll see you in a few days then,” I said and hung up.
Moving the cursor to hover over the picture, I clicked on it, enlarging it. I sighed and sent a telepathic call to Jayr. Yes? She asked. Her mental voice was loud in my head. Please, come here. A few minutes later, I felt her standing in the doorway. “Jayr,” I said airily, not looking at her. “Come in and please close the door.” It closed with a soft snap. I looked up and nodded to a chair. “Please, sit.” She cross the room and settled herself in. She looked at me questioningly. “I am sending you to Chicago.”
She gaped at me. “For how long?”
“Three days max, maybe more.”
“How will I get there, by flying?” I shook my head. “Teleportation?” I nodded. “You?”
“Who else would it be?” I gave her a thoughtful look. “Unless you rather go four hours or so by air?” She looked horrified. “What? You’re not afraid of heights are you?”
“I’m not. I rather teleport than be on a plane full of humans.”
“Hmm.” I tapped the monitor.
She leaned in for a closer look. “That’s her?” I nodded. “She seems—”
“Looks can be deceiving,” I interrupted.
“Get out of my head,” she muttered. Instead of doing what she wanted, I did the opposite. I zeroed in on her thoughts. She moved away from me and narrowed her eyes. I winced as she repeatedly threw up walls. A few more seconds of trying, she sighed and gave up. I chuckled and willed all thoughts to a whisper, low enough so that I couldn’t make anything out of it. “I like to keep my privacy here.”
“You have it,”
“Do I get a tip on how to keep you out?”
“No, you don’t. You can’t keep me out if I don’t want you to.”
“Great.”
“Let’s get back on topic here,” I said. I slid a folder to her. She caught it before it could fall to the floor. “That’s all I have on her so far.”
“Okay, when will we be leaving?”
“As soon as I’m done here.” She nodded. “You may go. Send Trynnadon to me.”
She turned to the door. “I will.”
Once the door closed, I got up and went over to the window. Moving the heavy curtain aside, I winced under the bright sun. Ignoring the pain in my eyes, I looked out. Ouch? Ari’s mental voice whispered in my clouded head. I glared at her as she moved closer to the window. It opened as she drew level with it. “Move. I’m coming in.” I stepped aside and she flew in. I let the curtain drop back in place, sending the room back to darkness. She went to the door and opened it to find Trynnadon standing there. “You can come in.” He strode into the office and nodded to me. “I’m out, again.”
“You came in just to go out again?” I asked.
“I meant I’m out to hunt again.”
I frowned. “Again?”
“I only had one human,” she muttered. “And then you called for me.”
“Oh, right. Be gone then.” I turned and walked over to Trynnadon. “You still want in?” He nodded. “Fine. I could use some patrolling.”
“Patrolling?” he asked.
“Walk the streets and bring trouble makers to me?”
“Oh, I’m up for that.”
I smirked. “Good. You may bring whoever you wish.”
“Who are you taking?”
“I’m taking Jayr and Ari there in a blink, the rest are flying out with you.” I picked up another folder and handed it to him. “Everything you need to know.” I willed opened the door and gestured him out. I headed outside, slipping on my sunglasses as I went.
“Mind joining me, brother?” Elijah flashed in front of me, his cell phone in his hand.
“Join you in what?” I asked.
“You wouldn’t want to scare the poor girl now would you?” He put a hand on my arm and squeeze. “Oh wait, you don’t care.” I grunted. He laughed. “Come, one last gorge. Jayr and Ari can wait a little longer.” He leaned in. “Don’t you agree?” he softly growled in my ear.
“I do, brother.”
“I knew you would agree with me.” He straightened and led me away from the door and to the streets. “Then again, you wouldn’t have it any other way when it comes to feeding.”
“You think?”
“I know you, too well, brother.” He grinned. “More than you will ever know.”


* * * * * *



Other books by Alina Meuangkhot:

Book 1: Bloodlust
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/18019

Book 2: Blood Crave
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/34860


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Website:
https://www.alinameuangkhot.com

Blog:
https://www.alinameuangkhot.com/blog

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
