I. M. Donne’s
Blood Vow
Devil’s Pact
Book 1
By L. M. Reed
Smashwords Edition
Copyright L. M. Reed 2011

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedication
To my daughter, Autumn, who continually challenges me to step outside my comfort zone and expand my horizons.
You are a constant source of inspiration to me.
I love you.

Acknowledgements
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the three people who have helped me through the entire process of writing and publishing my book:  My oldest daughter Autumn for putting together my cover and proofreading my novel over and over, my youngest daughter Michelle whose cute turn of phrase has inspired many of my best scenes and funniest lines, and my spouse Cary whose technical expertise kept my laptop running and kept me from pulling out every last hair on my head.
This novel was definitely a group effort.
Thank you.

Each of us must abide the end of this world’s life; let him who may, work mighty deeds ere he die, for afterwards, when he lies lifeless, that is best for the warrior.
Beowolf

Thirteenth Century Europe

Chapter 1
The moaning of the wind through the trees was the only sound in the almost total blackness of the night as the cloaked figure strode purposefully through the damp, dank forest towards the dark yawning mouth of the cave.
Pausing at the opening, the hood of the cloak fell back to reveal a man whose face contorted with pain as a violent spasm suddenly seized his body.  The man grimaced in concentration, futilely attempting to master the involuntary action as if forcing his body into obedience by sheer willpower, but to no avail.
Eventually the muscles relaxed, the man cautiously straightened, pulling the hood over his head once again, shrouding his face in darkness and, after a quick encompassing glance of the area around him, ducked his head slightly and entered the cave. 
He was surprised to discover that the walls, floor, and ceiling were solid rock, but absolutely smooth as if made of glass.  The well-lit cave with torches burning brightly every twenty steps or so, showed not a whisper of neglect…not a speck of dust or cobweb to be seen…as he determinedly made his way through the tunnel in the only direction offered.  
Deep into the bowels of the mountain he journeyed, all the while wondering how far he would have to go to find the one he sought.  
Twice spasms halted his progress but each time he would compose himself and determinedly resume his quest.
Although he tried to clear his mind, turmoil prevailed over the course he debated.  
On the one hand he suspected it was some sort of trick, a ploy to rob him of his fortune, but money meant little to him, had not been able to furnish him with the one thing he yearned for, desired above all else, so was therefore useless to him.  If he searched in vain then they were welcome to his great wealth for he would soon be in no need of it.
On the other hand, if some measure of merit resided in the promises of the old hag then he would gladly hand over every worldly possession, which admittedly was considerable, in exchange for what he considered of the utmost importance.  
He had scoured the known world and even braved parts unknown in search of his heart’s desire ironically finding the very thing he sought in the village not ten furlongs from his castle.
The hag had been the vilest creature he had ever encountered with her dirty, straggly hair of indeterminate coloring, a mouth empty of all but a few blackened teeth, and skin the color and consistency of wrinkled, yellow parchment.  In the normal course of events, he would have ignored her, but she knew things…things of which no one else had an inkling…and she had whispered raspy promises, her rancid breath hot in his ear.  
The tunnel abruptly halted, opening into a huge, well-lit cavern that could have easily housed his whole castle with room to spare.  In the very center sat a single occupant on a raised throne carved out of the very same rock as the tunnel and cavern surrounding him.  
The man on the throne sat enveloped in black robes, his long snowy white hair and beard covering much of his face, shoulders, and chest.  
Crooking one finger, he bid the newcomer to approach.
Neither spoke a word—to an outsider it would appear that they simply stared at one another—yet there was conversation of sorts, although not in any particular language.  More a sharing of thoughts, a meeting of the minds even though the man on the throne was able to conceal his if he chose to do so while the man standing in front of him possessed no such ability.
“What is it you wish of me?”
“Teiran, the old hag, sent me.” 
“Why?”
The man tried to hesitate, to hold back, but he was powerless to do so, the answer inexorably pulled out of him.
“I am ill.”
“I see.  What is this illness?”
“It is a family malady.  My father and grandfather died from it and now it has come to claim me.”
“And what is it that you think I can do for you?”
“Teiran said that you could make me whole again.”
“Let us suppose that I can do this thing, why would I?  People die all of the time, why should you be the exception.”
Again, the man attempted to keep his own counsel, but was unable.  A single word escaped him.
“Adelaide.” 
He felt an overwhelming sense of relief as he allowed the name to take over his mind.
“A woman…”
The ghost of a smile crossed the enthroned man’s lips, gone so quickly it might have been imagined, partially hidden as it was under the massive amount of facial hair, and his face returned to its former impassivity.
“My life…my love…”
“Whole empires have fallen in the name of love.  Are you certain this woman is worth it?  In my experience they very seldom are.”
“Have you never loved?”
“I fancied myself in love with a mortal woman once, but as with all such stories it did not end well.”
“You imply that you are not mortal.”
“If I were a mere mortal I would not be of much use to you in your current situation.”
“I had not thought of that.”
“What would you be willing to do in return for your health?”
“I have much wealth…”
“Riches mean less than nothing to me.”
“What do you require?”
“I have no requirements in the sense that you mean, however you must be willing to satisfy the requirements of the Transcendent Realm in order for me to fulfill your wish.”
“Transcendent Realm…?”
“All beings are eventually subject to a realm beyond comprehension of you humans whether it be the realms that the earthbound refer to as Heaven and Hell or the Transcendent Realm of which I speak.  The Earthly Realm is not the only one in existence although many mortals refuse to acknowledge that fact.”
“Then Heaven and Hell do exist?”
“Of course they do.”
“Have you personal experience of those places?”
“Heaven and Hell are not ‘places’ in the mortal understanding of the word.  I could not even begin to explain them to you as they are far beyond anything you could possibly grasp.”
“Then everything the priests tell us about reward and punishment…”
“Is incorrect,” the man on the throne interrupted impatiently.  “All mortals are rewarded…there is no punishment.  That is simply a fairy tale thought up to frighten people into doing good deeds.”
“By whom…?”
“Let us just say that the rulers of Heaven and Hell are in a type of…competition I suppose you could call it…for the souls of your world.  Use your imagination and I have no doubt that you will be able to ascertain who has promoted that myth.”
“So if there is no punishment that would imply that thieves and murderers and the like are rewarded?”
“Have you considered that what might seem a reward to one human might be a horrifying punishment to another and vice versa?  Do you think a murderer would enjoy eternally co-existing with someone like the Pope for instance?  But I digress.  Deep philosophical discussions with you mortals…anyway…as I was saying, in order for me to help you, you must agree to dwell in the Transcendent Realm.”  
“But what good is living in a different realm if I am separated from Adelaide?  I may as well be dead.”
“Beings who enter the Transcendent Realm are allowed to remain on earth and can appear human.”
“Appear human?”
“There are a few subtle differences.”
“Differences…?  What differences?”
“I can not impart that type of information.  You must determine in your own mind how important remaining in this world is to you.  I can tell you that in the Transcendent Realm, there are rules that all must adhere to and the rules are clearly defined, while in your world they can at times appear grey and murky.  True justice in your world is non-existent, although humans prefer to think otherwise, and it is only post-mortem that souls are sent to dwell where they belong for all eternity.”
“But you said that there is no punishment…”
“Heaven and Hell are final rewards based on the type of life lived while on earth where mortals are given free-will to choose.  The Transcendent Realm is the ‘in-between’ if you will, and once a human has chosen to leave their worldly realm and enter that realm, they must abide by a stringent set of rules designed to protect mortals from the unscrupulous who desire to remain for the wrong reasons.”
“Wrong reasons…?”
“Picture if you will a thief whose main goal in life is to accumulate great wealth.  The Transcendent Realm could make them unstoppable.”
“How could a man be unstoppable?”
“You assume a thief must be male?” the man on the throne asked in amusement.
“That is irrelevant…answer the question.”
“I can not divulge that information,” the man narrowed his eyes thoughtfully at the first sign of impatience that the man before him had displayed.  “Just know that for those of us who inhabit the Transcendent Realm, justice is as immediate as it is severe.”
“What type of justice?”
“Once again it would be beyond your comprehension.”   
“So in order to be healed I must enter this Transcendent Realm, the only other choice is death and final separation from my earthly life, but I must make the decision based on very little information from you.”
“You are intelligent for a mortal,” his lips twisted sardonically.
“My life is at stake and you choose to remain vague and uninformative giving half-answers which are in actuality no answers at all.”
“I have given you much information…more than enough for you to make a decision.  Either you want this or you do not.”
“I have many more questions.”
“I shall allow you to ask your questions, but if you receive no answer you must accept it and proceed to the next one.  There are many things I can not tell you and many more things you would not understand even if I could somehow explain them to you.”
“Who are you and why do you offer this thing to me?”
“I am Varian.”
“That is your name?  Varian…?  Changeable…is that significant?”
“You have been schooled in Latin I see, Your Grace.”
“I am Wolfgang; titles are meaningless to me and you did not answer either of my questions.”
“I am a…philanthropist of sorts.  That should satisfy both of your queries and is all the answer you shall receive.  Move on to the next one.”
“Will I appear human in all ways?”
“There will be some differences, but you will be provided with the ability to hide them from humans.”
“When I marry…?”
“…even in your marital relationships.”
“And…children…?”
“You will be able to father children if you wish…although they may manifest certain…traits that may be…different from the normal human.”
“Different…how…?”
“Tsk…tsk…Your Grace…all children are different.  You cannot expect me to know which traits a certain child not even born yet may possess sometime in the distant future…I am not a fortune teller.”
“How long would I be able to dwell on the earth?  Do I get to choose or would I live a normal life span?”
“Once again you ask for divination.  What happens to you after you enter the Transcendent Realm is not up to me.  I can only answer for what is now, not what may be in the future.”
“Would the change be immediate?”
“Yes...and irreversible.”
“Even though I would be in this Transcendent Realm would I still be…who I am now?”
“As long as you reside in the Transcendent Realm you will always be the Archduke Wolfgang von Jaeger.  That will never change.”
“So I will not be required to give up my wealth or title?”
“You are not obligated to relinquish any earthly possession; simply agree to the requirements of the Transcendent Realm acknowledging that it is irreversible and that you will never again be allowed humanity.”
“Can you tell me anything of that realm?”
“I have given you what information I can.  Now it is for you to decide.  Is your love for this Adelaide worth giving up the mortal realm?”
“You have left me with so many unknowns…”
“Concentrate on the evidence of your own eyes: the pain you witnessed in your father and grandfather caused by the debilitating disease with which you are now stricken, the lack of control over your own limbs, the dementia that even now attempts to invade your mind and which will eventually cause you to forget who you are…who Adelaide is.  Are these the things you want?  The choice is yours, but you must choose wisely for this offer will not be made again.  When you leave this place the choice I have given you will disappear along with any memory or knowledge you have acquired since your meeting with Teiran.”
“There will be no trace of the disease left in my body?”
“Your body will be seen as perfect to humans, without flaw, without disease, and you will have total control over your limbs again.”
“I want that!” the anguish in his own voice startled him as much as did speaking aloud for the first time since entering the cavern.
“Are you certain?” 
“Yes.”
“And you understand that it is irreversible.” 
The voice in his head had softened, blurred, echoing as if his head were the cavern.
“YES!” the man shouted, or thought he had, he was no longer sure what was real and what was imagined.
“You must be positive.”  
The voice became disembodied, and the man began to feel disoriented, disconnected somehow as if he were floating.  He tried to open his eyes but…they were open…or perhaps they were closed…try as he might he could not tell.  Although he was seeing things, he was not, at least not in the same way he had before.  Images were confused in his head, a kaleidoscope of colors mixing together and then suddenly spinning apart only to come together again in a different shape over and over and over.
“Are you ready?” a voice whispered in his head.
“Yes,” the man breathed.
“Then let it be so!” 
The deep voice resounded through the mountain, vibrating the earth, shaking the entire woods with the force of the tremor, scattering the animals in all directions, terrifying the humans living nearby who already superstitiously avoided the Black Forest in fear of similar previous incidents.  
For a few moments chaos reigned supreme in the area surrounding the mountain, but inside the cavern a man…but not quite a man…peacefully lay sleeping…but not quite sleeping…unaware of the tempest without.
Then, suddenly, he was airborne as if a giant hand had reached down and scooped him up, gently cradling his body.  
At a nod from the enthroned being the unseen hand moved with the unconscious man towards the exit and picking up speed was through the tunnel and out into the fresh air in a matter of moments, floating high about the trees.  
On the outskirts of the forest, a woman standing in the doorway of her humble abode caught a glimpse of the strange sight and fell to her knees muttering a prayer, a cross grasped tightly in her hands.
Back in the cavern, the being on the throne sat motionless, eyes closed in concentration as if watching a scene in his head.  As he opened his eyes, they narrowed and his lips curled into a cruel smile.  A moment later, he was gone, disappearing without a trace.  
Within seconds of his disappearance, a rumbling was once again heard in the forest and surrounding areas…a bit different than before but just as ominous.  The praying woman’s lips began to move more quickly and her grip on the small cross grew so intense that the edges began digging into her palms, drawing blood. 
A single drop of blood fell from her hand to the ground and was immediately absorbed in the dark, rich soil. 
In the forest, a small furry creature watched in amazement as the new hole in the side of the mountain, the one the creature had been hoping to adopt as a home, closed as if it had never been.
Then all was silent.    

Chapter 2

Consciousness came to Wolfgang slowly, surfacing groggily as if from a drugged sleep, his dream the previous night becoming more vivid with each passing moment.  He groaned as he realized it had to be a dream because he was no longer in the cavern.  Somehow, with no recollection of it, he must have made his way back to his castle.
Without opening his eyes, he could tell he was supine on a bed, fully dressed, could feel every piece of clothing on his body, distinguishing each one.  Frowning in concentration, he inventoried the strange sensations, wondering at them.  
As his awareness of his surroundings came into sharper focus he noticed other odd things.  The bed, the same one he had slept in for years, was lumpy and uncomfortable, but just one night prior, he had fallen into it after a long day enjoying the comforting softness of the down-filled mattress.  
The smells, he wrinkled his nose in distaste, the smells were the same but…stronger…so much stronger.  The odors coming from the kitchen were the most offensive, but he had never been able to smell anything from that far away, should not be able to, for the kitchen was in a distant part of the castle.
A loud noise startled him into opening his eyes, and he sat up in bed so quickly he expected the accustomed dizziness to hit him at any moment.  Holding very still, he was amazed at how clear his mind felt.  Slowly and carefully moving his head from side to side, he then quickened the movement, but still nothing happened.
Suddenly he was out of the bed spinning around, confused, as he took in a room that was strangely different from his recollection.  
The bedclothes were too bright as was the white drape around the frame of his bed—they made his eyes hurt, his first pain since awakening—but it was stronger, more intense than anything he had ever felt in his life.  
Moving his gaze around the room, he found relief staring into the bowels of the huge scorched fireplace.  Focusing on that to the exclusion of all else, he tried to use his peripheral vision to examine the rest of the room, but even side-glances were painful, although significantly less so.
The knock at the door was deafening.  Something had happened to him, it had not been a dream, but he had no idea whether he would look the same to…he hesitated to use the word…humans…as he had before.  With that in mind, he moved quickly to the bed and slid under the bedclothes.
“Your Grace…?” a timid voice ventured from the other side of the door.
Taking a deep breath and inhaling an extremely appetizing smell, he called from the bed “Come in, Helga.”  
“I have brought your morning tea, Milord.” 
Helga set the tray on a side table and moved to open the heavy wine-colored draperies.
“NO!  Do not touch those,” the man in the bed commanded, cringing at the thought of what the brightness outside the window would do to his eyes.  
“I am sorry, Milord,” the maid whimpered, wringing her hands.  “I thought…
“It is fine, Helga,” he forced his voice into a normal and reassuring tone.  “My head hurts this morning and light seems to make it worse.”
“Perhaps I could help.” 
As Helga moved hesitantly towards the bed, the mouthwatering scent grew stronger.  
“What fragrance are you wearing?  Is it new?”
“No fragrance, Milord,” Helga answered in confusion.  “Just the soap we use to stay clean.”
“Come closer,” the man urged.
Dragging her feet, Helga obeyed, wondering what she had done to interest her master for the first time in the two years she had served him.  Other servant girls always giggled as they talked about their masters bedding them, but Helga had never done such a thing and was terrified.
Her master shifted in the bed, sniffing her as if she was a piece of mutton to be eaten.  She noticed as he moved that he was in bed fully clothed and gasped softly, more shocked than if he had been totally naked.
The man heard the soft gasp, saw the direction of her gaze and smiled wryly.
“It was late and I was too tired to care about disrobing.”
“Yes, Milord,” Helga lowered her gaze and curtsied.  “Will there be anything else?”
“No, you may go,” the man fell back against the pillows as if worn out.  
Helga curtsied again and left hurriedly, and with her the appealing fragrance.
Wolfgang lay there trying to decipher what had just happened.  The tea sat on the table unheeded, the scent almost sickening to him, while he pondered the mouthwatering odor.  Unable to place it he temporarily put his speculation aside, suddenly having the urge to see his reflection.  Helga had not noticed any difference, but the room was fairly dark with the curtains still drawn, so that meant nothing.  
Careful to avoid gazing directly at anything light in color, Wolfgang moved in front of the looking glass, oddly reticent to view his new reflection but curious at the same time, unsure what he would see.  
He did look different but it was possible that he had not changed in appearance as much as how he saw himself for, glancing around the room, nothing looked the same as it had the day before.
Eyes roaming his body for signs of change he froze as he met his own gaze in the looking glass…there was something wrong with his eyes.  They were no longer the deep sea blue he had grown used to over the years but black, and not the usual black as the color of his boots…more as the night sky would be without the stars, dark and empty, a deep, endless hole which seemed to go on forever as if the small black part of his eye had grown to such proportions it had obliterated every bit of the blue leaving only the white surrounding it to contrasting sharply with the blackness.  
As he stared deeply into the empty black pits, searching for something…anything, he felt the first stirrings of fear.
Making up his mind, he tore his gaze from the looking glass and changed his clothes hurriedly, not bothering to call his manservant, and exited the bedroom swiftly.  As he moved through the castle, he saw everything through more focused eyes.  He noticed things he had never paid attention to before, or perhaps had just been unable to see. 
In any case, he decided that someone needed to speak with the servants, there was dust everywhere and in a couple of places someone had obviously swept dirt under the woven floor coverings, the trail of debris pointing accusingly; strange how the castle had always seemed clean to him before.  
Sniffing the air carefully, a smell alerted him; Helga was near by.  Unable to stop himself, he followed the scent, which was joined by other similarly appetizing scents coming from the kitchen.  While in his room, he could only smell the disgusting odors of whatever was cooking as it wafted through the castle, but as he moved closer more delicious aromas overwhelmed him.  There were three fragrant ones and one that was…bearable.  
He was pulled into the kitchen against his will, in search of the source of his pleasure.
“Milord…!” 
The cook, a rather large woman with a round, red, sweaty face turned in alarm at the sight of the man standing in the doorway.  She had been chopping vegetables and the knife in her hand slipped, slicing through the skin of her finger.
The man stood frozen in the doorway watching the blood oozing out of the wound, very slowly dripping onto the chopping block, the sound as each drop made contact with the surface loud in his ears drowning out all other sounds. 
Stifling the urge to rush over to grasp the cook’s finger and place the wound to his lips in order to suck the fragrant juice as it welled up and spilled over, he held himself motionless.  The scent…it was the same elusive aroma he had been unable to place earlier only stronger.  Granted it was the least appealing smell in the room, but it was still…appetizing.
Helga was by the cook’s side in an instant and was helping her stem the flow of blood, both of them oblivious to the avid interest on their master’s face, concerned only with stopping the red river that was gushing from the cook’s finger.   
The other two servants could not seem to look away from the master, never having seen him up close before, their jobs as cook’s helpers keeping them in the kitchen all day as they worked ceaselessly to keep all of the inhabitants of the castle fed.  Both of their thoughts were center upon how best they could attract his attention in order to become his mistress, thereby improving their lot in life.  Unlike Helga they were experienced in such matters and knew how to transmit willingness with body language.
The man drug his gaze away from the cook’s wrapped finger and, noticing the suggestive poses as well as the greedy looks on the two female servants’ faces, turned abruptly and left the kitchen area as quickly as possible.  It was not until he was safely in his room with the door closed firmly behind him that he realized just how fast he had been traveling.  
Apparently, he would have to learn to be careful or people would begin to realize there was something not quite right about him.  No human could have made that distance in the amount of time it had taken him to reach the sanctuary of his room.  Thankfully, no one was about, he knew that for certain because he would have caught their scent; the scent of blood.
Sitting heavily on the side of the bed he grasped his head between his two hands in agony.  He was only beginning to realize what he was, what he had become, what he had agreed to and he was horrified.
He had heard rumors…but had always assumed them to be old wives’ tales, the superstitious nonsense of uneducated minds…but they were true.  He was living proof; correction…not living…just proof.
What he had become was unthinkable…the substance of nightmares…the dreaded scourge of the human race…the walking dead…
He was cursed…and it was irreversible.
Bluatsauger!   

Chapter 3

The first couple of days, once he realized what he had become and apprehensive at the possibility of discovery, he had locked himself in his room, refusing to do more than yell “Be gone!” whenever anyone ventured to knock at his bedroom door, allowing his misery and self-pity to swallow him.
During that time, he made even more unpleasant discoveries about his new body such as he did not require sleep as humans think of sleep.  Although he could shut down all of his body’s human-like functions and remain in a state of complete inertia, it was not slumber, for his mind never rested.  
While ‘awake’ his heart beat, blood flowed, lungs inhaled and exhaled, and he could see, hear, smell, taste and feel; to all concerned he appeared no differently than before the change, with the exception of his odd eyes.  
He was able to consciously stop all of those bodily functions and then restart them at will deciding on each one individually or altogether, no longer needing any of them except for the sake of appearing mortal. 
Then…his hands…his hands although he would like to deny that fact…which had looked perfectly normal and human until the third morning after his transformation were all the proof he needed that he was no longer part of humanity; that he was something different…a freak of nature…correction…not of nature…for he had chosen his path…had actually searched for it.  No, it had not been forced on him in any way.  He was to blame…he was a freak of choice. 
His revulsion that morning when he discovered that his hands had taken on the hue of a white bloodless corpse had sent him stumbling to the looking glass only to discover that he closely resembled the walking dead, even his hair was gone, and his skin was similar in texture to petrified wood although it was startling white…almost blindingly so.  He was a frightening sight. 
The only positive thing he could say about his changed appearance was that he no longer craved human blood.  That, at least, was a relief.    
A delicious whiff of blood came to him as he stood there petrified in fear as well as in appearance in front of the looking glass.  
Helga!  
Although he no longer craved blood, it obviously still appealed to his senses.
Moving as swiftly as ever, his physical activity apparently not affected by whatever was happening to his body’s appearance, he returned to his bed just as the knock sounded.
“Be gone!” the man commanded sternly from under the bed covers.
“But master…” Helga began tentatively.
“I said be gone!” he roared.  
The sound of retreating footsteps was a relief; no one could be allowed to see him in his inhuman state and with the knowledge that the smell of blood was still tantalizing it might not be safe to be around any human, even the unappetizing cook.  
Making a firm decision, he opted to wait until later that night to act.  He would end it all, uncaring what anyone thought after he was gone, realizing that he would not be able to live with his…malady…affliction…malaise…
He was unsure what to call it…nothing seemed to fit…but that was irrelevant.  Whatever it was…he would rather be dead than subject to it.
After ascertaining that everyone was asleep, his ears could pick up every sound in the castle if he concentrated hard enough, he walked deliberately to the window.  His room was in a turret of the castle high above the ground so the fall should be enough to kill him.  Although he debated about leaving some sort of farewell…some grand gesture…he thought better of it; to his mind, he was already non-existent.  What did it matter?
Standing in the opening of the huge window he once again stopped to ponder; How should he do it…spread his arms and jump as if attempting to fly?  Perhaps he could fly; he did not yet know what his new body was capable of.  Should he just lean forward and fall?  For some reason the possibility of landing on his head held no appeal.
In the end he simply stepped off the ledge as if he were going downstairs.  The fall seemed to him to take longer than it should have but contrarily take no time at all, and he was able to see more than he had expected; the individual stones of the castle’s walls, mountains in the distance, the tops of the trees as he passed them, the spring wildflowers splayed across the ground as it came up to meet him.  Even though the night was dark, he saw them all clearly, and then he was landing as if he had alighted from a carriage rather falling from the turret of a castle.
As he stood there taking in his surroundings, assuring himself that no one had seen his hapless suicide attempt, the horrid realization that killing himself was not as easy as he had first thought was dawning on him.  Questions flooded his mind.
What does this mean?  How could I fall from such a great height without suffering any ill effects?  Can I even be killed…or am I indestructible…forever doomed to wander the earth craving blood?
Dejectedly, realizing he had no answers, he turned toward the castle.
Before he could reach the outer walls, he suddenly found himself on the ground frozen into immobility with the worst pain of his entire life…existence.  His senses were cut off and he could not think, see, hear, or utter a sound, all he knew was pain, excruciating pain as if a bolt of lightening had entered his body and was ricocheting around inside of it refusing to leave.   Although he felt as if he were writhing with the agony of it, his body was as still as a corpse and in fact distinctly resembled one.   
The night ended and dawn approached, still the man knew nothing but pain.  As the first fingers of the sun began reaching into the sky the agony ended as if it had never been.  Cautiously the man sat up then gingerly stood, terrified the torture would begin again.  
The word torture struck a familiar note in his mind.  What had the man Varian said to him about the rules of the Transcendent Realm?  The rules were clearly defined and justice was as immediate as it was severe.  He had tried to destroy himself.  Obviously, that was considered against the rules and in order to avoid suffering that type of retribution ever again he would avoid considering suicide as a means of escape in the future.
Glancing up at the turret, eyes narrowed against the growing light of the sun, he realized he would need to return to his room…but how?  Flying had apparently not been one of his hidden talents, but perhaps…
Reaching the outer castle stonewall, he dug his fingers into the side of it, the solid rock crumbling in his hands as if it were dirt.
Gouging out purchases in the face of the castle with his fingers and toes he was able to climb rapidly up the wall to his room.  There he waited out the day for the sun to once again dip below the horizon in order to set out on his journey.  Traveling only at night would help him avoid exposing his eyes to the painful brightness of the sun as well as exposing himself to prying eyes. 
Although he knew Varian had been adamant about the change being irreversible, the man hoped to find some way to convince him to allow him to die.  Living a half-life was no life at all and the thought of drinking blood was anathema to him.
Standing amidst the pine trees at the foot of the same mountain to which the hag had directed him the first time, the man stared disbelievingly at the undisturbed mountainside, despair etched in every inch of his bearing.  Nothing…the opening to the cavern had disappeared…gone without any sign of ever having been there.
Had it been a dream after all?  But no, it could not have been.  Lifting his hands to examine them, the man winced; it had to be real.  The indisputable evidence was right in front of him. 
Wolfgang was unsure how to proceed.  He had pinned all of his hopes on finding Varian.  Despair overwhelmed him as he attempted to clear his mind in order to come up with a new strategy.
Returning home was not an option; he looked like death and his room would be a self-imposed prison, a prison that would not hold him if his despicable desire for human blood returned.  That was not the answer.  
He could stay there in the Black Forest.  There were many rumors of witches, spirits, and werewolves living in the forest…enough superstition to repel humans with any sense of self-preservation…although oddly enough none regarding blood suckers.  The irony would have struck him as amusing at any other time; however, amusement was the last thing on his mind at that moment.    
Was his refusal to drink blood killing him?  If so, that would be more than acceptable…in fact, he would welcome it.  However, he had serious doubts about whether or not he could be killed.  He felt no weaker than he had before his terrifying change in appearance, but that did not necessarily mean anything.  
All he had to go on was the ambiguous statement made by Varian that as long as he dwelt in the Transcendent Realm he would always be Archduke Wolfgang von Jaeger.  Did that imply that there was some way to leave it?  Possibly, but he had also specifically stated that he could never be human again.
Varian had, however, assured him he would be able to pass as human, but at that moment, he did not even remotely resemble anything earthly.
Of course, it was beginning to appear that Varian had been less than honest about many things so any information from him was suspect at best.
A growl interrupted the man’s jumbled thoughts.  Before he had time to register what that meant, he was knocked to the ground by a large animal.  His subconscious had picked up on the noises and scents, but he had been so lost in his own misery he had paid no heed.  
The man did not even attempt to rise, wondering if the large wildcat would be able to give him what he sought; peace, release, death…they were all one and the same to him.
The cat tore furiously at the man on the ground, every inch of his clothing a shredded mess in no time, but the claws could find no purchase on the man himself.  Roaring ferociously, the cat tried again and again to tear and rip but to no avail.  
Sighing sadly in resignation the man threw the cat off of him and into a tree, a low branch catching it across the neck and cutting through its skin.  In a mindless rage from the pain, the cat attacked once more but the man had gotten a view of the blood dripping from its wound and reacted instinctively.  One quick twist of the head and the cat lay broken at his feet.  Putting his mouth to the cut, he drained every drop of blood out of the animal’s body.  
Afterwards, horrified at what he had done, he sat next to the carcass his head bowed in defeat.  
The reaching fingers of light streaking the blackness of the night sky roused him at last.  With his bare hands he dug a hole and buried the cat, instinctively not wanting to leave any evidence of what he had done, what he had become.
As the sun rose higher in the sky he searched for the densest part of the forest and there he spent the day, waiting for night to fall again, not sure what to do or where to go, but knowing he would have to stay hidden until then.  Discovering a naked man would be horrid enough, but finding one that was naked and palely petrified…that was unthinkable.  
Glancing down at himself in distaste he frowned as he noticed a difference in his appearance.  His skin was no longer white and petrified, but yellow tinged like he had the jaundice and he was covered with more hair than was normal for him.
Examining himself minutely he decided that it was possible he could once again pass for human, albeit a hairy sickly one, as long as dressed correctly.  Perhaps a cloak or hat, along with a scarf…and gloves…gloves were a necessity in order to mask the coarse hair covering the backs of his hand as well as his fingernails which had developed a claw-like appearance.
Finding an area of concealment partway up the mountain, he contemplated his new discovery.  The only thing that had changed was the fact that he had gorged on animal blood; that was the key.  
But why had he appeared so mortal before?  He had not ingested anything since the change.  Perhaps his own blood had still been within him.  It was a distinct possibility.  
If that were the case, might it not follow that human blood gave him a better coloring while animal blood was not quite compatible?  Or could it mean that he would never have the same coloring as when his own blood was still present in his body?
But Varian had insisted he would in all ways appear normal.
Varian...the man snorted in disgust.
So many questions, so few answers: the man brooded all day, unable to come up with anything definite.  He would have to wait and see…experiment; he had no other recourse.  
The question foremost in his mind was, if human blood did make a difference, how he would be able to secure it without becoming a murderer.  He cringed at the repulsive idea as well as in fear at the possibility that he would again suffer retribution for violating what was most assuredly one of the most sacred rules of the Transcendent Realm—he doubted that murder was any less frowned upon than suicide—but he realized that he had to consider the very real possibility that the blood of man was the answer to his dilemma.  
Did he have to become a murderer or was there a way to procure human blood without resorting to that? 
Questions crowded his mind and he attempted to compartmentalize them.
What if I were to take only what I needed…?  The victim need not die.
But would that be considered stealing?
What if I had their permission...?
How would I go about it?
With a wry chuckle, he pictured himself approaching Helga.
“Do you mind if I borrowed a spot of blood?  I assure you I will not take much…it will be perfectly safe.  Oh, and it might sting a bit, but you have my word I will not dally.”
He shook his head in self-deprecation.  There had to be a better way.
Many physicians recommended the use of bloodletting as a means of curing a myriad of human ailments, perhaps his answer lie there.  
Could he become a physician or one of the surgeons who were actually in charge of the procedure?  What else would he do with his time?  He had no need to sleep, or what passed for sleep in his new realm, so why not use the time wisely.
As darkness fell, he came to a decision; he would go back, if for no other reason than to clothe his body.  Although he would appear to be ill that would be no great surprise to anyone in his household, most having seen or heard about his uncontrollable seizures.  He would be able to use animal blood while he settled on his next move, using the cover of darkness for his feasting.
He vowed to himself that he would learn to live within his limitations.  Sadly, he admitted that he had no choice.

Chapter 4

“Adelaide!”  
“It is Papa,” the panicked girl sat upright, straw clinging to her chemise as well as the long, ash blonde hair loosened from its braid.  
Plucking at the straw frantically, she hissed “If you value your life, do not make a sound.”
“I thought you said your father went into the village,” a frightened voice whimpered.
Standing abruptly, she found her dress and threw it over her head, frantically tugging it into place.
“Adelaide!  Where are you girl?” the voice thundered.
“Fasten me quickly,” the girl demanded.  
The young lad sat up from behind a pile of straw to fumble clumsily at the closures of the girl’s gown, not as adept at fastening as he had been at unfastening earlier, his fear almost paralyzing him.
For a moment, they both froze as the door of the barn creaked open and the chickens began squawking furiously.
“Stop…enough,” the girl whispered slapping at the hands which had resumed their hopeless quest.
“I am here, Papa,” the girl stepped out from around the beam that had hidden her, moving to intercept her father before he could discover her secret.
“Where is he,” the man growled.
“Who Papa?” the girl asked disingenuously.  
“Do not lie to me,” her father yelled as he slapped her across the face.  
Picking up the pitchfork he walked directly towards the young lad’s hiding place.
“Get out of here now, boy, before I skewer you,” the father threatened, poking at the pile of straw hiding the lad.  “NOW!” he roared.
The young man jumped up half-dressed and, keeping as much distance as possible between him and the pitchfork, ran out of the barn grasping the opening of his breeches in one hand in order to keep them up and the remainder of his clothing in the other.
“How many times do I have to beat you in order for this to stop?” the man asked in an angry tone as he slowly neared the frightened girl, still carrying the pitchfork.  “You will marry the man I have chosen for you and there will be no more of your affairs,” he waved his hand toward the hay stack in disgust.  “Do you understand?”
“Yes, Papa,” the girl cringed in terror.
“His Grace has requested our presence at a feast tonight and he will announce his intention of marrying you,” he continued between clenched teeth.  “That is the only thing saving you from the thrashing you deserve.”
“You…you…saw him?” the girl trembled.  “I thought he had changed his mind.”
“I met him on the road as I was heading into the village,” he acknowledged.  “He just returned from an extended trip.  That is why we have not heard from him, but he is now ready and you will accept him.  No one else wants damaged goods,” he finished contemptuously.
“Yes, Papa,” the girl bowed her head in defeat.
“Now go find your Mama and decide what you will wear tonight,” he commanded.  “You must look desirable for Milord.”
The girl turned from him without a word and left the barn.  The rather rotund man leaned heavily on the pitchfork for a moment, clutching his chest, the burning more pronounced than usual.  
He would be glad to be rid of the girl; she was nothing but trouble with her parade of boys in and out of the barn and a poor influence on the rest of his offspring.
He had been severely disappointed to only produce one son, although he blamed the woman he had married, still…she was an attractive wench always available in his bed without having to part with his money as many of the other men in the village whose wives were mud ugly felt compelled to do and she had managed to bear a girl even more attractive than she was; attractive enough to have captured the attention of the Archduke himself.  
Smiling greedily to himself, pleased with the deal he had struck with the Archduke, he practically licked his lips in satisfaction.  Instead of Hans having to scrap together a dowry for his eldest daughter, the Archduke had offered him many sheep and goats in exchange for her.  Things were definitely looking up.  Soon Adelaide would no longer be his problem and he would be considered a wealthy man.  Then he could gloat in front of his brother-in-law, Wilhelmina’s twin, Wilhelm who was always going on and on about his many sons and how well off he was…taking great pleasure in pointing out what a good-for-nothing Hans was…but he would show him, he would show all of them.
Having his earlier excursion interrupted by the unexpected meeting of His Grace, and wanting to celebrate his good fortune while perhaps rubbing a few noses in it, the man threw the pitchfork down, hitched up his breeches and lumbered toward the village and the local pub. 
  
~ * * ~

Hans and Wilhelmina Ackermann along with their daughter Adelaide were among the first guests to arrive for the feast.  The Archduke Wolfgang von Jaeger, watching from the highest point of the castle, could see everything clearly, even to the sweat beading the upper lip of the red-faced, obese man.
He allowed his gaze to fall upon Wilhelmina alighting from the carriage he had sent for them, wondering at the difference between the graceful, willowy creature and the grotesquely large lump of humanity next to her.  Wilhelmina, though worn and tired was still a great beauty, and Adelaide was very much her daughter, but Hans…the Archduke shook his head in disgust…calling him a boar would be to insult the boar.
In his youth, Wilhelmina’s beauty had blinded Wolfgang to all other women and although he had begged his father to consider allowing him to claim Wilhelmina for when he was old enough to marry his father had just laughed at the very thought of considering a farmer’s daughter.  Wolfgang was royalty, albeit seventy removed from the throne, and only another member of the royal family would ever be considered.  
By the time his father developed the family malady and died Wilhelmina, quite a few years older than Wolfgang, was already married off to the son of a neighboring farmer.  Even though Wolfgang had never done more than admire Wilhelmina from afar, he had been sorely disappointed and steadfastly refused to consider marriage until the day he had accidentally run across Adelaide while out riding.
She was close to marriageable age and the spitting image of her mother.  He had immediately claimed her for his future bride, and began negotiating with Hans although he preferred to speak with his wife.  Wilhelmina had been worn down by much hard work—for Hans was lazy—and too many children, but she was still beautiful and quite articulate for a woman, and he enjoyed their conversations.
Not long after a tentative agreement had been reached, Wolfgang himself had been stricken with the beginnings of the disease.  
At first he refused to acknowledge it, but as his symptoms grew more and more severe he finally admitted what was happening to his body.  
He railed against his fate, it was much too early, his father had lived many years longer before the first signs of the malady had appeared and he had thought he had enough time to marry and have children with his Adelaide, but the fates were against him.  
His exhausting travels in search of a cure had netted him exactly nothing and, just when he was about to give up, had stumbled upon the hag right there in the village.  
After the meeting with Varian, he had at first been elated but it had not taken him long to figure out what he had become and plummet to the depths of despair.
Firmly resolving to find a way to live with his new malady and deal with his special issues, he once more set out on a journey in search of answers.  The trip had been long and tedious, but worth it.
Having just returned from his travels, Wolfgang was pleased to learn that Adelaide was still unclaimed.  Deciding to waste no time, he had been on his way to extend an invitation to an engagement feast—hoping that Hans would be in the village pub where he spent most of his time while his wife and children worked the land, and also yearning to catch a glimpse of his beloved Adelaide—when he had encountered Hans on the road.  
The voraciousness Wolfgang recognized in Hans’ eyes had sickened him, but determined to marry Adelaide he had given Hans what he desired most: wealth.  The number of goats and sheep they had agreed upon in the end would seem a fortune to Hans but in reality would not even be missed by his own household.
Although he could see perfectly from where he was, Wolfgang moved closer to the half wall.  Leaning forward eagerly from his perch high above the arriving guests, Wolfgang’s eyes were drawn to Adelaide as she placed her hand on her father’s arm and gracefully stepped down from the carriage.  
He watched her until she disappeared into the castle and then returned to his room to finish dressing for the evening.  
Although he was anxious to be with Adelaide, he thought it best to enter tardily and exit prematurely.  He had sated his body’s craving for blood earlier in the day from his secret stockpile hidden deep beneath the castle, but the appetizing aroma of so many humans with so much sweet smelling blood coursing through their bodies was surely more of a temptation than he should allow himself for any extended period of time.
With much aforethought he had invited every villager and farmer in the surrounding countryside knowing many of them used garlic liberally and would therefore not represent a threat to his self-control as opposed to the ‘royal’ family who scorned the use of garlic as ‘common’ and with whom he seldom communicated.  
In his recent travels he had discovered many things about himself, one of them being his aversion to the blood of garlic eaters such as his cook, which explained why her blood was not enticing to him while the smell of Helga’s blood, who shunned garlic, had proven to be too much of an attraction and he had been compelled to send her to another household. 
Helga had been confused, of course, and in tears, but for her safety as well as his own sanity he had no choice.  He had misled her when she had thrown herself at his feet begging to know why, what she had done wrong, pleading for another chance; he had forced her into his bedroom alone and callously threw her on the bed beginning to disrobe.
“Is this what you want, then,” he asked her coldly as he began to undo his blouse “to share my bed?”
“You…want me?” her tears stopped long enough for her to ask.
“More than you could possibly realize,” he returned harshly, true enough if not the whole truth.  “Perhaps I have misread you and this is what you desire.”
“If it is your wish…” she began in a faltering tone.
“Is it your wish?” he asked quietly.
“N…n…no,” she stammered lowering her eyes in shame, “but I know it is your right.”
Sitting on the bed next to her and lifting her face gently he said kindly “I am doing this to protect you…from me.”
Her thanks had been effusive and, he knew, quite undeserved, but he had allowed them, once more lord of the castle, sending her off posthaste.  His motives had been purely selfish for in his travels he had discovered, accompanied by much pain and suffering, that taking blood from an unwilling victim was punished even more severely than attempting to commit suicide.
Loathe to experience that type of agony again, he had traveled in search of knowledge, determined to find a way to continue as a human without painful retribution from the controllers of the Transcendent Realm in which he dwelt.  He had not only needed to become a physician who had the power to order a bloodletting he also had to become a surgeon, the one who usually performed the procedure in order to control the disposal of the blood.  
Because of the strange ways in which his brain seemed to function, he could assimilate large quantities of knowledge in a very short period of time, making it almost too easy to gain the education he needed. 
He began in China procuring darkened spectacles which were rumored to be used by judges there in order to keep their eyes hidden.  
He could not be out in the brightness of the sun at all without his abnormally large pupils burning, but he needed to be able to function as a normal man during daylight hours in order to be able to get the education he needed.  
With a few minor adjustments, the spectacles protected his eyes, which allowed him the freedom to roam in the daytime.  Without them, all would have been for naught.  
Though they were not easy to see through—his eyes were better than normal human eyes so they did not present too much of a problem—and people often stared at him pointing rudely, he ignored them.
Once he had obtained the glasses he had proceeded to the university in Italy, later moving on to France, and finally ending up in England to finish off his education.  He passed every test and in the end was qualified to not only recommend bloodletting but also to do the actual bleeding. 
The flasks of blood in a hidden part of his wine cellar were freely given and he had suffered no retribution for his acquisitions.  In the normal course of events the blood drained from humans was disposed of wastefully in his opinion—some of it going into the leeches many surgeons chose to use and the rest thrown away, assumed to be bad—so he felt no compunction about ingesting it himself.  
Although it was true that to other humans the blood might be tainted, as long as it was human blood, it was all the same to him.  Some tasted better than others of course, and he obviously preferred the better tasting blood, but even the garlic blood of the cook would do in a pinch, any type of human blood gave his skin, or what passed for his skin, the human look he desired.  Animal blood had gotten him through the first horrible part of his ‘change’, but the yellow tinge and excess hair had made that solution untenable and therefore short term.  He needed human blood and a large supply in order to continue the charade that he was mortal.
On his return part of him had hoped that Adelaide would already be married to someone else, his abrupt departure decreeing more clearly than words that he was no longer interested in her, but he could not stifle his delight at discovering she was still available; could not believe his good fortune.  There was hope in him for the first time since the meeting with Varian.     
After dressing carefully—he no longer allowed a manservant to assist him which had caused murmurs among the servants, but once again could not be helped—he placed his spectacles on his nose and descended the stairs in order to join the feast already in progress.  The cook had been ecstatic at his suggestion of putting garlic in most of the dishes, that particular spice being close to her heart, and his nose wrinkled at her obvious over-enthusiasm as he reached the bottom and was all but overwhelmed by the odious odor.  If he had been human, he noted in humor, he would have already been retching.
Plastering a polite smile on his face, he joined the mingled mass of washed and unwashed bodies comprising his engagement celebration.

~ * * ~

“Finally,” Hans said in disgust noting the arrival of the host.  “I was beginning to think he was going to back out.”
“He would do no such thing,” Wilhelmina reproached her husband.  “He is an honorable man.”
“You mean honorably rich,” Hans laughed coarsely “And I plan to get my share.”
Wilhelmina could not hide her distaste of her husband whose attention was thankfully not on her, but on the subject of their conversation.  
Seated between her husband and daughter at the long, food-laden table Wilhelmina’s gaze also strayed to the handsome figure, with his shoulder-length, beautiful, light brown hair and neatly trimmed beard and mustache.  She only wished she could see his eyes, she had always loved his incredible dark blue eyes, but he was wearing some type of strange darkened spectacles that hid them from sight.  
The tender emotions swelling in her heart for him contrasted sharply with the revulsion she felt towards her husband which rose up as bile in the back of her throat threatening to choke her.
Although her daughter Adelaide was afraid of conversing with the Archduke, having inherited her father’s lack of intelligence, Wilhelmina cherished every moment they had together.  If only Wolfgang, for that was how she thought of him, had not been still a child when she had been coerced into a betrothal with the louse she had married.  She sighed quietly…there was no use dreaming…she was no longer the beautiful young girl she had been.  The hard work, as well as the eight children she had birthed because the insidious creature she had married forced himself on her regularly, had seen to that.
She encouraged her husband’s visits to the pub in the village for when he was drunk he became impotent sparing her that ordeal but at the same time thankfully retaining no memory of his ineffectualness.  Although she had too much work to do, he was no help even sober, and she would rather work herself to death than be subject to his huge meaty hands all over her, sweat pouring from his unclean body onto hers, breath smelling of garlic and wine, as he satiated his disgusting animal lust.  
In the beginning she had been eager to please him, hoping that she too would get some pleasure out of their union, but it had only taken one night to realize he was totally insensitive to her feelings, and even thought only scarlet women should enjoy sex.  His only requirement of her was to be a warm body in his bed when he required release, nothing more.  Her thoughts were at once bitter and resigned.
Next to Wilhelmina, Adelaide was in a panic.  Truly she had no objection to marrying the Archduke, wearing beautiful clothes, being addressed as Milady, and being waited on constantly appealed to her vanity immensely, but she trembled in fear of him.
When they were together she was completely lost, most of his words unfamiliar to her although she always managed to nod her head appropriately and her frequent smiles seemed to please him.  
She constantly worried that he might expect her to verbally respond to his conversation; she knew she would never be able to do that because she never had any idea what he was talking about.
Her other fear was due to the fact that she was not an innocent and though she was not the most educated of girls, her instincts, which were usually correct when it came to men, were telling her that he would expect for his bride to be pure and untouched.  Stories were whispered about men of noble birth becoming enraged and killing their brides on their wedding night for impurity and she had no desire to become one of them.  
She shivered in fright as he approached her, but kept her coquettish smile fixed on her face.  Perhaps her mother would speak with him leaving her nothing to do but listen politely and nod agreeably.  
The Archduke’s conversation always befuddled Hans as much as it did Adelaide, and as Hans watched him approach, he was both worried and excited.  He had the feeling that the Archduke did not think much of him, although he could give no reason for his suspicion for Milord was polite to a fault, but Hans did not care overly much so long as he got what he wanted.  He shrugged carelessly; he had never allowed unpleasant thoughts to ruin things for him before and had no intention of doing so when great wealth was within his grasp. 
“Greetings friends,” Wolfgang acknowledged all three of them but his head turned in Adelaide’s direction.
Adelaide knew she was particularly beautiful in her gown of powder blue with her hair gathered at the back of her head, multiple tendrils escaping and curling invitingly against the delicate skin of her neck.  She smiled invitingly at him, controlling the urge to squirm in her seat, unable to see his eyes, but instinctively feeling his intent gaze on her. 
Wilhelmina, valiantly attempting to contain her jealousy, asked, “Is something wrong with your eyes, Milord?”
“Hmm…?”  Wolfgang forced his eyes from his perusal of Adelaide.  “I have been ill and my eyes are still very sensitive to light.”
Wolfgang was thankful for the spectacles that hid his eyes for when his gazed touched upon Wilhelmina he could once more feel the tug of his youthful infatuation for her.  He could not afford for anyone to notice his attraction to his future bride’s mother.  Once he and Adelaide were married, he was certain the infatuation would fade.
“I had heard a rumor that you were not well,” Wilhelmina admitted.  “You look the picture of health now.”
“Thank you,” he acknowledged.  “I am recovering, but it is a long process.”
“So you were able to find a remedy?” she asked anxiously.
“Yes,” he answered rather shortly unwilling to allow himself to be pleased by the concern in her eyes and voice.  “That is why I have been gone for so long,” Wolfgang’s eyes returned to Adelaide.
“Yes…well…” Hans began with forced heartiness, “You are here now, and Adelaide is ready to become your bride.”
“Is that true, Adelaide?” Wolfgang asked gravely.
“Yes, Milord,” Adelaide answered, lowering her eyes, pretending modesty when she was in fact hiding her anxiety.
“Then let us not delay,” Wolfgang replied determinedly circumventing the table and holding his hand out to her.
Adelaide reluctantly placed her hand in his and gracefully rose from her chair allowing Wolfgang to lead her to the raised dais.  
Turning to face the crowd Wolfgang commanded the attention of everyone in the room without uttering a sound.  The silence was absolute as he made his announcement.
“Dear friends, it is with great pleasure that I share with you the news of my impending marriage and I invite you all to join us in celebrating the upcoming nuptials in a fortnight.”
The silence that continued after Wolfgang’s pronouncement was deafening, the various expressions of the guests almost comical; severe disappointment on the faces of the young men at the thought of losing the services of their favorite wench, chagrin on the faces of the young women who had each secretly hoped to be the future Archduchess, fear on the faces of the older men who had cruelly teased Hans about his claims assuming them to be false, and jealousy on the faces of the older women as they coveted Wilhelmina’s position as the mother of the bride.
Wolfgang hid his confusion as he searched the faces of his guests, wondering at the expressions he recognized but did not fully understand.   
Next to him, Adelaide stood trembling in fear as she took in the faces of her many lovers, fearing one of them might do or say something that would give her away.
Unwilling to prolong the silence Wolfgang continued “In the meantime eat, drink, enjoy…my house is yours.”
He led Adelaide back to the table to rejoin her parents and then politely took his leave, pleading tiredness from his recent illness.  As he exited the main hall, brow furrowed in consternation, he could hear the whispers beginning; whispers of envy, jealousy, and fear mixed together in his head.  
Sorting through the conversations he was relieved to overhear nothing that was cause for alarm.  Speeding hastily to his room he closed himself in and without bothering to change his formal clothing stepped out of his window and into the darkness, eager to escape the tiresome chatter which seemed to echo through the castle.
  
Chapter 5

“Tell me the truth!” Wolfgang roared.  “Are you a virgin?”
“N…n…no,” Adelaide whispered falteringly.
As he stood over the young girl cowering on the bed in fear still wearing her wedding finery, Wolfgang held himself utterly still, not even breathing although the girl was too frightened to notice, desperately attempting to control the rising fury which threatened to engulf him.  
Although he would be well within his rights in the earthly realm to give in to the temptation to choke the life out of her—apparently he had been the only one at the wedding who had not known Adelaide was the town slut—he had no desire to test the tolerance of the rulers of the Transcendent Realm.  The pain he had experienced the last time he had given in to his almost overwhelming desires had proven to him that he needed to exercise superhuman self-control when dealing with his emotions.  
Consciously relaxing his stance, allowing himself to breathe, his mind racing with lightening speed, Wolfgang considered the viable options while Adelaide watched with terror and panic clearly written across her face.
“Are you going to k…k…kill me?” she stammered.
“It would be no more than you deserve,” he answered contemptuously.
Silently Wolfgang berated himself as a fool of colossal proportions for his blindness.  Because Adelaide had looked so much like her mother, he had assumed her to have the same characteristics and personality.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  
As soon as the wedding ceremony had concluded, the whispered conversations of the guests had assaulted his overly sensitive ears with pity, jeers, and even envy from Adelaide’s many former lovers.  
Or perhaps they were not former and she was planning to continue her trysts.  The thought of catching his wife with another man was almost his undoing.  He would make sure that her affairs were at an end even if he had to imprison her.
Glancing around at the beautifully decorated room his eyes narrowed.  So Adelaide had been willing to deceive him in order to become an Archduchess; he would see just how much she enjoyed living in her gilded cage, for that was what it would be, a cage…a prison…although he could do nothing about what had gone before he would see to it that she did not dishonor his name as his wife.  She would pay dearly for her promotion.
“Do not worry,” Wolfgang turned to address Adelaide coldly “I have no intention of claiming your life as forfeit, though it is my right, but you may have cause to wish I had very soon.”
“What do you mean?” she asked in confusion, the alarm fading from her voice as she realized she was no longer in danger of imminent death.
“Enjoy your bedchamber, you shall be seeing a lot of it,” he replied obscurely as he exited, locking the door behind him.
Adelaide, who had been frozen in fear on the bed where he had thrown her earlier, sprang to life as the realization hit her that she was no longer in any danger.  The look in his black, curiously dead eyes had frightened her so much she had been trembling from head to toe, but the moment she was free of his terrifying presence her unquenchable youth and spirit returned in full force.  
She was the Archduchess von Jaeger.
Flitting to the looking glass, she preened, admiring her reflection, noting how utterly enchanting she appeared.  That must be why Milord could not harm her…she was perfection.  She frowned for a moment as she wondered at his abrupt exit, she had expected him to…oh well, plenty of time for that she decided flippantly returning to admire herself again.

~ * * ~

Thump…Thump…Thump…Wolfgang’s fist pounded on the door of the small cottage, the anger in him unabated but under iron control.  Wilhelmina opened the door a crack then, upon seeing the Archduke standing there, gasped and swung the door wide, her hair in disarray as she pulled her dressing gown tightly around her.  
“Where is he?” Wolfgang asked between clenched teeth.
Wilhelmina did not even pretend to misunderstand.  
“In the village,” she replied calmly.
“Drinking him self into a stupor, no doubt celebrating his newfound wealth.”
She shrugged.
“You knew.”
“Yes, I knew.”
Behind her Wolfgang could see seven small, scared faces peering at him from a darkened doorway, obviously the tiny bedroom they all shared.
Turning to follow his gaze Wilhelmina said firmly “Return to your beds, everything is fine.”
The faces reluctantly disappeared.
“We can not speak freely here.”
“Come with me.”
Wilhelmina indicated he should follow as she, despite the blackness of the night, sure-footedly made her way through the yard to the barn.  Wolfgang opened the huge door allowing her to precede him then securely closed it after them.  They both stood silently while the animals eventually quieted and settled back down for the night.
“You should have warned me.”
“I could not,” she replied sadly shaking her head.
“The goats and sheep…”
“How could you think that of me?” Wilhelmina asked reproachfully, tears in her eyes.
“Why else would you allow me to think your daughter was…?”
“I wanted to tell you…I would have told you, but Hans…” she hesitated.
“Hans…?” he prompted impatiently.
She pulled her hair back from her left cheek to reveal a bruise that was obviously days old…already fading.  He had assumed her change of hairstyle had been in honor of the wedding, but apparently not.
“He hit you.”
“I have other more recent bruises but he was careful about where he… they are not so obvious,” she admitted.  “But that is not why I refused to tell you.”
“I am listening,” he replied tersely.
“He beat me, yes, that was nothing unusual,” she continued dully, “but once he realized that would not stop me from telling you the truth he began to abuse my children.  Even that merely delayed my intentions, but when he threatened to kill Emma…” she broke off struggling for control.
“Emma?”
“My youngest, my baby,” her eyes pleaded with him to understand. 
“He would not have killed his own child.”
“To him she is just another mouth to feed.  He wanted boys,” she shrugged helplessly.  “The only thing the girls are good for in his mind are to be married off like…Adelaide,” she stumbled guiltily over the name, “and he swore that if I ruined that for him he would begin with the youngest and kill off all of the girls until he did not have to worry about what they were costing him.  I…I…could not…” she broke off, falling to the ground, unable to continue as tears overtook her.
Thinking to comfort her, Wolfgang reached down and grasped Wilhelmina’s upper arms to pull her up.  At her gasp of pain, he immediately released her and she fell back onto the straw covered ground.
“I am sorry,” he said stiffly, “I did not mean to hurt you.”
“No…you did not,” Wilhelmina quickly assured him wiping her eyes with the back of her hands.  
Stepping on the hem of her nightclothes in her haste to stand she tipped forward towards Wolfgang and he instinctively caught her by the shoulders as cautiously as he could making every effort to avoid unintentionally injuring her again, but he heard her stifled moan and loosened his hold swiftly.
“Something is wrong,” he murmured, narrowing his eyes as he grasped the neck of her robe and gown and despite her feeble protests pulled them aside to expose her left shoulder.  
Although he expected bruises, he was shocked to see welts curled around her shoulder from her back.  He yanked her nightclothes down her back and counted ten bloodied strips, the anger in him unlike any he had ever experienced.
“He whipped you!”   
“Please…” 
“This needs to be attended to,” Wolfgang said firmly.  “How old are the wounds?”
“I have cleaned them…” 
“How old?”
“Yesterday,” she whispered too embarrassed to meet his eyes.
“Come,” Wolfgang took her arm carefully “we will return to the castle and I will make you an ointment…”
“I have already made one,” Wilhelmina broke in “but I was unable to reach…” she trailed off.
“I will wait here while you retrieve it.”
“You do not have to…”
“Go,” he commanded.
“It is here,” she said in resignation as she picked up the wooden shovel and moved towards the back of the barn.  
Noting the freshly turned dirt, Wolfgang gently took the shovel from her and quickly uncovered the buried sack.  Dropping the shovel, he reached into the bag and removed a hastily constructed poultice and a small bottle of what he presumed to be ointment of some sort.
“He would begrudge you this,” Wolfgang asked angrily holding up the items.
Wilhelmina’s shame kept her silent, head bowed in disgrace.
“Turn around,” he ordered, his words harsher than he intended as he attempted to subdue his growing rage.
“No,” her voice was barely above a whisper.  “You should go.”
“Let me help you, Wilhelmina.”
“He may be home soon.”
Wolfgang’s snort of disgust was his only reply as he moved behind Wilhelmina and firmly coaxed her to the ground.  
Carefully he pulled her nightclothes down her arms and back until they were bunched below her waist while Wilhelmina tightly grasped the front in a desperate attempt at modesty.  The welts were stretched from her shoulders, down her arms and back, to the top of her buttocks in a haphazard manner.  
Obviously drunk, Wolfgang thought in distaste as he tenderly moved her hair out of the way.
At his first touch, Wilhelmina gasped and flinched.  
“I am sorry,” Wolfgang said contritely.  “Sometimes one must hurt in order to heal.”
“I am fine,” she replied biting her lip and tensing herself against the pain.
Wolfgang expertly smeared the ointment over her back, shoulders, and arms leaving her lower back for last, unsure exactly where the welts ended or how either of them would react to his touching her in such an intimate place.  He was already feeling the strain of being so close to her and the appetizing smell of her blood as well as the attraction she had always held for him were warring for prominence.
Hesitating for only a moment he moved her clothing even lower and heard her quick intake of breath.  He gently rubbed the ointment across the welts on her hips and buttocks, his touch involuntarily becoming a caress.
“Wolfgang,” she whispered tremulously as she turned toward him, modesty forgotten as she reached up to hold his face between her hands.
“Wilhelmina,” he breathed as he pulled her gingerly on top of him.

~ * * ~

Hans was a happy, albeit extremely drunk, man.  Not only had he acquired great wealth, but he had gotten rid of his eldest troublemaking daughter at the same time and forced his ‘friends’ to eat crow all night.  
The idiots made fun of me, he grumbled silently, but not now…now they all want to be my friend.
He laughed out loud startling himself and a couple of birds in a bush by the side of the road, very pleased with the events of the night as he jingled the coins in his pocket.  All the men had fought over buying him drinks and he had not spent a farthing.  Life was good.
Weaving his way home, his feet taking over from his sloshed brain, he attempted to sing but confused the words so badly he finally quit and simply kept repeating the last line, the only line he could get right as well as the only part that appealed to him anyway, over and over again.
“…and a rich old man ‘twas he ‘twas he, and a rich old man ‘twas he…”
Passing the barn on the way to the house it took a few moments for his befuddled brain to process the familiar noises emanating from within, but as they penetrated his fuzziness, he became furiously angry.  
How dare she, he silently raged as, breathing hard, he struggled to open the door to the barn, and on her wedding night! She is going to ruin everything, the slut!
“Adelaide!” he roared.  “Get out here now!”
At the back of the barn Wolfgang was almost finished dressing.  He had heard Hans’ approach much earlier than Wilhelmina had and realized that Hans had heard them in the barn by his mutterings about what the Archduke would do to him if Adelaide were discovered in another indiscretion.  Wolfgang smiled ironically.  
“Wolfgang!” Wilhelmina whispered in panic.
“Stay there,” Wolfgang returned tersely.  “I will handle this.”
“No…please…do not…”
Ignoring her pleas, Wolfgang stepped out of hiding much as Adelaide had the day of the feast.  Although it was dark, and Hans could see nothing—as much due to the ale he had consumed as the lack of light—Wolfgang had no such problem; he could see everything clearly.
 “Adelaide…!”
“Why would you expect Adelaide to be in the barn, I wonder?” Wolfgang asked quietly.
“Your…Your Grace,” Hans sputtered in surprise.  “What are you doing here?”
“What would she be doing here on her wedding night?” 
“I…I…she…” 
“Perhaps Adelaide is not as pure as you represented.”
Hans’ mouth was working spasmodically but no sound was issuing from between his lips.  Wolfgang approached slowly, his tone expressionless, almost dead.
“Did you think to cheat me and get away with it?”
“No…no…of course not,” Hans protested finding his voice at last.
“I gave you great wealth, in good faith, and you sent me damaged goods,” Wolfgang’s voice had deepened ominously.
“I did not know…” 
“Liar,” Wolfgang’s voice was barely above a whisper, but Hans heard it and was afraid.
“I am sorry, Milord, what can I do?” 
Hans’ breaths were short, gasping wheezes as he grasped his chest with both hands.
“Do?  I am married to the village slut, apparently the only one who did not know, and you ask me what you can do?”
Wolfgang could see Hans would not be able to take much more, his face was turning an odd color of purplish blue and his heart seemed to be attempting an escape from his chest, but still Wolfgang refused to cease his invective.
“I am now an object of pity and ridicule,” Wolfgang continued relentlessly. 
Hans dropped heavily to his knees, the pain in his chest worse than anything he had ever experienced.
“Do not think for a moment you will come out of this debacle unscathed…”
“Enough, Wolfgang…please,” Wilhelmina moved past him towards Hans, beseeching him to stop.
“Wilhel…” Hans gasped, unable to muster enough breath to finish her name.
She rushed to her husband and attempted to help him up.  “Come…I will get you to your bed,” she said soothingly.
“You would defend the man who whipped you and threatened to kill your children?” Wolfgang asked in disbelief.
“I have no choice,” she whispered, unwilling to look at him.
“I give you a choice,” Wolfgang said tenderly, grasping her chin and forcing her to look up so he could see her eyes.  
“What...you…her…” he looked first accusatorily at Wolfgang then at Wilhelmina, took one more wheezing breath and then toppled over slowly.
“Wolfgang?” 
“He is dead,” Wolfgang stated indifferently, no longer able to hear the loud, erratic heartbeat or labored breathing.
“Dead?” she repeated staring at him uncomprehendingly.  “Wolfgang…Wolfgang…” she began in panic as Wolfgang, too, slumped to the floor.

Chapter 6

“You will do as I say, Adelaide.”  
“But we never…” 
“No one need know that,” Wilhelmina replied determinedly.  “We will make it appear that you grow heavy with child, it is the only way.”
“But what will happen to me when people discover there is no baby?” 
“There will be a baby.”
“How can there…?”
“I am pregnant with Wolfgang’s child,” Wilhelmina interrupted.  “We will pretend that it is you and then wait to see if the child is a girl or boy.”
“You and…the Archduke…?” Adelaide stuttered incredulously.  “How…when…?”
“That is none of your concern,” Wilhelmina said briskly.  “All that matters is that we give Wolfgang’s child the opportunity to grow up with every advantage that Wolfgang himself would have provided if he had lived.  You must stop your…clandestine meetings.  There must be no doubt that the child is Wolfgang’s.  Have you done…anything…since your marriage?”
“No,” Adelaide pouted.  “He locked me in my room and those stupid servants have not let me out of their sight since the ceremony.”
“Good,” Wilhelmina smiled tiredly.  “You will practice decorum and be above reproach at all times.”
“But...”
“Listen to me,” Wilhelmina took her by the shoulders and gave her a good shake, “Do you like wearing pretty clothes and being waited upon?”
“Yes…” she replied reluctantly.
“Well, all of that will be gone very soon unless you behave,” her mother warned.  “Now I need to know…can you do this?”
“I can do this,” Adelaide sighed.

~ * * ~

Wolfgang’s relief at his release from the excruciating pain to which he had been subjected for what seemed like an eternity—in truth he had no idea how long it had lasted—was so great that all he could do was lie very still, eyes closed, and metaphorically speaking breathe a sigh of thankfulness.
After a bit he opened his eyes, expecting to see the barn…his room perhaps…wherever he had been taken after his ‘collapse’ but he was astounded to find himself in what appeared to be a wooden coffin.  For a brief moment he panicked—he had been buried alive—before he realized the irony of his thought.  Yes, he had been buried, there was no doubting that, but he was no longer alive.  True he was not technically dead; however he could hardly be classified among the living.   
Although there was no light in his small prison, he did not have any trouble making out each individual board as well as the space in between where dirt was falling through the minute cracks on top of him.  
His first impulse was to dig and claw his way out of his small, silent tomb, but he controlled his initial instinctive reaction.  
As much as he wanted to have a chance to continue his relationship with Wilhelmina, as far as she was concerned he had apparently died in the barn, so to her he was dead.  
With her monster of a husband also deceased Wolfgang could rest easy knowing Hans was no longer a threat to her.  Wilhelmina had always done all the work on the farm anyway so she would not miss her disgusting spouse and was most likely relieved he was gone. 
His wife—he cringed at the word—would either be kicked out by the closest male relative or perhaps she would be able to convince him to keep her around.  She apparently had no compunction about giving her ‘all’ and she was undeniably attractive.  
Suddenly his enforced solitude was no longer a prison but a haven, an escape from the mess he had made of his life…his existence.  The positive side of staying where he was outweighed any benefit he could see of escaping his grave and rejoining humanity.
There would be no more pain inflicted on him as a result of his mistakes living in an unfamiliar realm, no more uncontrollable cravings as the scent of someone’s sweet smelling blood assaulted his nostrils, and no longer would he be required to deal with human relationships.  The only negative he could see was boredom as his mind was constantly working—except for the painful episodes of punishment—even though he could shut down every other bodily function.  He welcomed the prospect of boredom.
“I can release you,” a disembodied voice echoed loudly inside the coffin but strangely did not hurt his ears.  Perhaps it was because he only imagined the voice.
“No, I assure you I am very real.”
“Varian,” Wolfgang sighed resignedly.
“I can release you.”
“Release me?  I thought you said my choice was irreversible.”
“It is irreversible, but you can leave the Transcendent Realm.”
“How?” 
“All you have to do is agree to follow me.”
“And who are you?  You never answered that question to my satisfaction.”
“I am Varian.”
“So you said…but who are you?”
“I am Varian, changeable…whatever is needed.”
“That is still not much of an answer.”
“Agree to follow me and you will see who I am.”
“What would following you entail exactly?”
“That varies depending upon my…needs.”
“I have had much time to deliberate and I have come up with a theory about you.”
“I am anxious to hear it.”
“You are the devil,” Wolfgang stated bluntly.
There was silence for a moment and then the sound of Varian’s delighted laughter.
“Yes,” he acknowledged good-naturedly “That is one of the many names I am known by in the mortal world.  My personal favorite is Beelzebub.  Has a distinguished sound to it do you not think so?  Beelzebub…rolls right off the tongue.  Beelzebub…”
“So you admit it?”
“If I were to deny it would you believe me?” 
“No,” Wolfgang replied shortly.
“Then what would be the use?”
“Offering me a way out is your way of stealing my soul.”
“Oh no my dear man…er…sorry, habit…my dear fellow…I assure you I never steal souls, they are freely given or they are of no use to me.  I merely make it more attractive for beings to become one of my disciples.”
“By making humans…creatures…beings…whatever I am considered now…so miserable they would take any out offered to them.”
“Are you miserable, Milord?” Varian asked with feigned innocence.
Wolfgang’s snort of disgust was his only answer.
“Deeply sorry and all that,” Varian said cheerfully.  “Now about my offer…”
“Why me?” Wolfgang interrupted abruptly.
“Why not you?” Varian countered flippantly.
“I do not understand why I am important to you unless it is because I am part of the royal family.”
“That means nothing to me as you once said it meant nothing to you.”
“Then why?”
“Always with the questions,” Varian sighed in resignation.
“Never with the answers,” Wolfgang returned ironically.
“I must admit you are one of my most interesting subjects…albeit much too nosey for your own good.  If I had realized that at the time, I would never have approached you.”
“So there are others like me?”
“Like you…?”
“Once human…now in the Transcendent Realm…thanks to you.”
“Ah…that…yes there are others.”
“How do you choose who to damn?”
“I object most strongly to your terminology.  You are not damned.”
“It certainly feels like it.  And once again you are attempting to subvert my question.”
“Which question was that?  I am afraid my memory is not what it used to be.”
“Why did you choose me?”
“Oh well, if you must know it is because you are…were border-line.”
“Border-line…what does that mean?”
“Humans fall into three categories as far as I am concerned: those who belong to me, those who belong to…Him,” he spat the word out contemptuously, “and those who are border-line, who could be…swayed in either direction.”
“And you considered me border-line.”
“I do not concern myself with mortals who have already proven to be on the right path…my path…they are exactly where I want them to be doing the types of things that make me proud, and I do not waste much time or effort on those who follow…Him,” the scorn in his voice was obvious, “although I do manage to throw a temptation or two their way as often as possible—the smallest things do seem to confound them at times—at any rate, I have found my greatest successes to be with humans who are undecided about which direction to go.”
“If they are undecided would that not make them one of yours simply by default?”
“One would think so…yes…however, the danger in waiting is that the ‘undecided’ may embrace the wrong…master…as they lay dying.  Something about imminent death plus the idea of eternity seems to bring out the…pensiveness…in them.  So instead of passivity I tend more towards the aggressive with the borderline cases and give them what they think they want, offering them a way out when things go badly.”
“Which you ensure by making their existence as unpalatable as possible…”
“Is it my fault that humans are singularly short-sighted when it comes to specifics?  I simply give them what they ask for.”
“I never asked to be a bloodsucker!”
“As I said…specifics.  You required healing and the ability to pass as human.  Human blood allowed you to in all ways appear mortal.  How was I to know that you would find it…repugnant?”
“You knew,” Wolfgang stated unequivocally
“That is irrelevant now, of course.  I see how hard all of this is for you and as always I offer a way out.”
“And that is how it is done.  Pretending to be a kindly old gentleman with their best interests at heart, you set people up for failure, unbeknownst to them, and then welcome them into the fold as if you are doing them a tremendous favor.”
“A kindly old gentleman, an ugly old hag, a friendly fellow adolescent…whatever it takes.”
“The poor fools fall into your lap like over-ripened fruit.”
“Ah, where would I be without my followers,” Varian replied easily undisturbed by Wolfgang’s obvious revulsion.
“Well, I regret to inform you that I will not be joining your many disciples any time soon.”
“I suspected that might happen,” Varian admitted lugubriously.  “I am afraid I may have overdone the negatives in your case.  You gave every appearance of being an idiot over that girl, but that was misleading as I failed to realize it was the mother you were truly interested in.  Because of that I underestimated your intelligence, which is unusual for me.”
“My intelligence,” Wolfgang exploded.  “If I had possessed any intelligence at all I would have run from you as far and as fast as I could have managed.”
“Well, there is that,” he chuckled in amusement, “but what I meant was that very few people figure out who I am until after their initiation into my ranks.  For them I am a savior of sorts.”
“A savior…!” 
“But of course,” Varian responded expansively.  “I save them from the poor choices that they have made and give them hope.”
“Which promptly disappears once they have given you what you want…their souls…”
“Hmm…I can see I am wasting my time with you…for now,” Varian said in resignation.  “Well, I hope you enjoy your solitude.  If you change your mind…”
“I will not,” Wolfgang replied firmly.
“We shall see,” Varian murmured his voice fading in the distance.
 
~ * * ~

Wolfgang was unsure when he first began sensing the ‘presence’ but he was certain there was one.  It made little difference to him whether his eyes were opened or closed so he invariably kept them closed, preferring the pictures in his mind rather than staring at the blank wood and the trickles of dirt which cascaded down occasionally through the small cracks showering him with filth, the sound almost deafening to his over sensitized ears in the eerie quiet.   
His senses detected something about a fortnight after Varian’s visit and he began leaving his eyes open more often hoping to catch a glimpse of whatever it was joining him in his tomb.  
At first he spoke to the ‘presence’ only in his mind wondering if it was Varian attempting to play with his head.  Eventually he realized that the…aura was the only word he could come up with…around the presence was different than the one surrounding Varian and therefore could not possibly be him.  
“I know you are there,” he whispered softly at one point.
Instantly the presence vanished and sighing heavily, Wolfgang continued with his counting.
The only problem with his solitude was the boredom.  If only he could turn off his brain for just a bit and truly sleep, but no, that would have been asking too much of Varian…allowing him any type of peace.
Instead, Wolfgang had come up with the idea of counting the seconds in order to not only occupy his brain but also give him some sense of the time passing in the earthly realm above him of which he was no longer a part.
He had figured out that his punishment must have lasted no more than two days by the appearance of his skin.  When he first ‘awoke’ from the pain he still had every appearance of being human, but within a day of his return to consciousness his outer layering had lost its humanity.  
From previous experience he knew exactly how long he had gone since his last ‘meal’ and so was able to work out what day and hour it was for humans.
In his own mind, he admitted he would not be able to stay in his fortress forever, but he planned to allow all of the people who knew him personally to die before emerging.  The thought of never seeing Wilhelmina again, never holding her in his arms as he had his last day of ‘life’, was excruciating to him, but he steeled himself against the pain the concept of her future death wrought in him.  She was better off without him, he was sure, or he would never have been able to stay away.
Although counting took care of a part of his brain, it was only a small part.  He seemed to be able to process many things at the same time, although he considered that to be a liability rather than an asset in his situation, however his lack of outside stimulation gave him an opportunity to explore his mind and delve into the secret recesses therein.
At first, it was strange, he could almost feel himself somehow entering his own brain as if he were entering a room and although the comparison was lacking it was the closest he could come to understanding what was happening to him.  
Visualizing himself moving through his brain, or whatever passed for the center of his being in the Transcendent Realm, he was able to enter different compartments and experience memories he had long since forgotten.  
He relived his first words, his first steps, his first horse, his first hunting expedition, his first lover, his mother’s face, his father’s illness…they were all there in their entirety with details he had not even noticed at the time.
Some memories had him heaving dry sobs—unable to shed tears without the human blood coursing through his body giving him that ability—and he had to retreat quickly in order to regain some semblance of control.  Others had him laughing out loud, startling himself back to the present.  His concentration had to be total in order to maintain his exploration, but as he practiced more and more it became easier for him.
The ‘presence’ continued to periodically make an appearance, but Wolfgang did not try to communicate again unwilling to scare it away.  The aura he had noticed about the ‘presence’ was…comforting…soothing somehow and helped him feel less alone.  Visually, however, all he could make out was a swirling, gaseous kaleidoscope of sparkling colors which were extremely bright and beautiful but for some odd reason did not hurt his eyes. 
He could bear the silence, it was companionable, and he had no intention of accidentally chasing his visitor away again.  Those visits were the only thing that kept him from bursting forth from his grave out of sheer loneliness, and he knew he must not…at least not yet.  
Biding his time, he endured and explored and learned. 
And the silent presence waited with him.

~ * * ~

Miles away, in the turret of a castle, one woman lay sweating and moaning on a bed, knees drawn up, hands on her swollen abdomen while another, younger woman paced at the foot of the bed wringing her hands over her own swollen belly.
“It is coming,” the older woman panted.  “Get the knife.”
“I can not do this,” the white-faced girl stopped pacing to whisper frantically.
“Adel…” the older woman broke off as a spasm seemed to contract her whole body.
“Mother,” the girl exclaimed in panic.
“The baby…take the baby…NOW!” The woman commanded in between breaths.
The younger girl cautiously peered under the woman’s nightclothes and gasped.
“The baby is coming out!” she screeched.
“Do as I told you,” the woman strained to say, lifting her upper torso and bearing down, pushing as hard as she could manage.
“I have it,” the girl exulted as a baby’s cries could be heard.  “It is a boy!”
The older woman fell back among the pillow, panting heavily.
“Good,” she smiled wearily.  “Cut the cord.”
“Mother…” the girl whined.
“Do it exactly as I showed you, please, Adelaide,” the woman whispered.
Adelaide laid the crying, still connected baby on the bed while she worked under the gown stretched over her mother’s knees for a few moments.  
“I did it,” she said in wonder.
“I knew you could,” her mother said approvingly.  “Now wrap the baby as I taught you and bring him here.”
Adelaide silently obeyed her mother and once he was securely cocooned handed the crying infant to her.
“Welcome, my little Wolfgang,” Wilhelmina cooed softly.  “We have been waiting for you.”

Chapter 7

Rolf watched in disgust as the two partially clothed figures below him grunted and moaned, moving together rhythmically amidst the hay.  
He had not wanted to believe it, had beaten up the two who had taunted him with it—each claiming to have taken their turns—easily defeating them, but still he had come…and waited…and there was the evidence of his own eyes: his mother…the town slut.
Lost in his own thoughts, he had not realized that some of the hay under his elbows as he propped himself up close to the edge of the loft had trickled down on top of the two lovers who, finally satiated, were lying on their backs, panting heavily.
“Who is there?” a woman’s angry voice demanded.  “Show yourself.”
Earlier he had no intention of doing so, but the fury he was feeling at his mother’s perversion had him scrambling down the ladder before he had time to think about it.
“You…!” Adelaide yelled accusatorily.  “What are you doing up there you little brat?”
Rolf finished climbing down and turned to face his mother, silently steaming as he recognized the man hiding behind her…not much older than he…from his infrequent visits to the village pub.
“Answer me!”
“I think it fairly obvious what I was doing,” Rolf answered between clenched teeth “As well as what you were doing.”
“Why you…” Adelaide’s hand connected with Rolf’s cheek, leaving an angry red mark.
“Adelaide…” her companion’s voice was conciliatory as he tried to reason with her “do not…”
“Leave us.”
“But Adelaide…”
“I said leave us!” she screamed.
The man scurried out the barn door, his clothes in disarray, literally holding his breeches up with one hand. 
“You sully the name of my father,” Rolf accused, enraged.  “How dare you…”
“Your father…” Adelaide laughed scornfully.  “You know nothing about your father.  He sullied his own name by sleeping with my mother on our wedding night.”
At Rolf’s start of surprise, she continued “That is right you little bastard…you are not my child, you are my brother!”
“Adelaide…do not…” a gentle voice implored her from the door of the barn.
“No…I am tired of pretending.”
“Grandmama…?” Rolf ventured uncertainly.
“Rolf, I love you…you know that,” Wilhelmina moved towards him, arms outstretched.
Rolf stumbled backwards, bewildered.
“Let me explain,” she begged as she allowed her arms to drop to her sides.
“How could you…both of you?” Rolf asked in confusion and mounting rage.
“Not so proud of your heritage now are you?”  Adelaide taunted “Strutting around lord of the castle, Archduke Wolfgang von Jaeger, looking down your nose at the rest of us.  Not so high and mighty now, are you, you little…?”
“Shut up,” Rolf roared, taking a threatening step towards her.
“The truth hurts, does it not?” she continued, unafraid.  “I should have told you long ago, putting an end to your infernal whining for me to love you, following me around like a sick puppy dog, the same way your father did for years.”
“That is enough, Adelaide,” Wilhelmina warned as she watched Rolf’s hands clenching and unclenching at his side.
“I am just getting started,” she replied bitterly.  “I have had enough of you, too, using your precious offspring’s wealth and power to keep me in line.  I am sick of you both with your sappy love fest, and I do not care who knows that he is your…”
“No!” Rolf grasped her neck between his hands and began to squeeze.  
Adelaide’s eyes were wide with fear as she realized she had pushed him too far, clawing at Rolf’s hands in an effort to free herself.
“Rolf, let her go,” Wilhelmina ordered but Rolf was beyond hearing as his hands continued to tighten.
Wilhelmina grabbed one of Rolf’s arms in a desperate attempt to pull him away from Adelaide, but he slung her from him as if she were a rag doll, throwing her against the wall of the barn with such force that the decrepit old barn shook.  Slowly Wilhelmina slid to the ground and was still as Rolf finally released his death grip on Adelaide, allowing her lifeless body to collapse in a shapeless heap on the hay.
As he stood in the middle of the barn, surveying the damage he had done, his anger dissipated to be replaced by numbness.  He did not need to check either body to know they were both dead, that he had killed them in a mindless rage, but he felt no remorse…in truth he felt nothing at all.
Things were not what he, in his ignorant innocence, had grown up believing.  Everything was wrong, and they deserved to die for their lies and treachery…years and years of deceit and all the while he had not even once suspected.
Forcing his thoughts back to the present, he realized he had a choice to make.  He had no doubt he would be able to get away with the murders, Adelaide’s many lovers would suffice as a place to lay blame and no one would dare to accuse him, but was that what he wanted?  To continue being, as Adelaide put it, lord of the castle, or leave and start over where no one knew him?  
He knew he was the son of Wolfgang von Jaeger, the portrait of his father which was proudly displayed in the main hall was testimony to that fact, the likeness between them almost uncanny, but bitterly he realized that he was not a legitimate son.
Of course no one else knew, the only other two with certain knowledge of that fact were dead by his own hand, and he could, if he so desired, continue to be Archduke Wolfgang von Jaeger, but did he want to?  That was the question.
He was not sure he had an answer.

Chapter 8

Days, months, years passed meaning nothing to the man in the tomb or his soothing ‘presence’ until the day of the intruders.
Reliving his final moments with Wilhelmina, a favorite of his and one he revisited frequently, Wolfgang was abruptly brought back from his mental wanderings to the present by a disturbance.  Opening his eyes, ears straining to catch even the faintest sound, he heard it again; a dull thud from somewhere above him and dirt, more than the usual amount, streaming through the cracks and into his coffin covering him.    
“Wolfgang,” a soft, sweet, whispering voice surrounded him, calling him by name and he could feel the ‘presence’.
“What is it?” Wolfgang murmured.  
No words of surprise or shock passed between them as the silence was finally broken for they each knew and recognized the other, verbal communication having been superfluous for them until that moment.
“They are coming,” the clear, mellifluous voice had a note of urgency in it.
“Who is coming?”  
He was in a grave, not exactly conducive to visitors, with the exception of Varian and the ‘presence’ of course.  Who in their right mind would…?
“Bad men,” she answered simply, her voice obviously young and female.
“Grave robbers,” Wolfgang’s lips curled derisively.  “No doubt my grave is marked with stones as a nobleman.  They will be after the trinkets I was buried with.  It is a wonder they have left me alone this long.”
“What will you do?” 
“Hmm…it is night,” Wolfgang commented after calculating the time of day in the part of his mind that he reserved for that purpose.  “I believe I may cure them of their propensity for disturbing the dead, or in my case, the not-quite alive.”
“What do you mean?  I do not understand.” 
“Do you have the ability to move things?” 
“Yes, of course,” she answered in surprise.  “I carried you home after Varian changed you.”
“You did…?” Wolfgang began then realizing the noise was growing louder and the grave robbers were getting closer with every passing moment shook his head as if to clear it and continued “Can humans see you?”
“No…” she answered clearly confused.
“Can they hear you?” 
“Yes, if I wish for them to hear me.”
“Good.  I want you to go now, quickly, and do what you can to frighten them.  Moan…rattle the trees…anything you can do to scare them into rethinking their actions.  That may stop them in their tracks.”
“I will do my best.”
Wolfgang waited, listening intently, but there was very little he could hear through the dirt still piled on the top of his coffin although the thudding noises had ceased.  
In the normal course of events, he could hear a great distance, but soil seemed to have a negative effect on that particular sense.  He wondered idly if that had any special significance, but stowed it away to investigate another time, his impatience and anxiety making concentration more difficult than usual.
Suddenly the thudding recommenced.  His friend was back a moment later.
“I am sorry,” she said contritely.  “I managed to frighten one of them off, but the other two refused to go.”
“You did well,” Wolfgang said smiling reassuringly, hoping she could see.  “What is your name?” 
“Oh…” she was taken aback by the abrupt change of subject.  “I am Priscilla.”
“Well, Priscilla, I am afraid our solitude is about to come to an end.”
“I hope you did not mind my visits,” she said guiltily.  “I tried not to bother you.”
“You did not bother me,” Wolfgang reassured her.  “I enjoyed the company.”
The thud of a digging tool on wood startled them; the thieves had arrived.
“Go,” Wolfgang whispered.  “I will be fine.”
Disappearing once again through the wood, Wolfgang could hear the worried conversation of the grave robbers.
“What was that?” one of them asked in a frantic whisper.
“Just the wind,” the other replied contemptuously.  “What are you…a girl?”
“Just get this done so we can get out of here,” the first one insisted fearfully.  “This place is creepy.”
“A graveyard…creepy, he says.  You are a blooming genius.  Get the axe and start chopping.”
There was silence as one of them climbed out of the hole to retrieve the axe.  Wolfgang heard the dull thump as feet landed heavily on top of the coffin causing a fresh shower of dirt to fall on top of him.  
Their inconsiderate behavior was beginning to irritate him. 
“Start here,” the leader instructed.  “The old man probably has some nice boots.”
“Who is it?” 
“Some duke or something; Should have some good stuff on him.”
There was silence except for the connecting of the axe to the wood until the axe suddenly broke through at Wolfgang’s feet.  He held himself still, waiting as patiently as he could as they widened the hole.  
“You were right…nice boots.”
“There will be other things just as good.  Keep going and I will get his boots off of him.”
“Hey…I want those.  Fritz took off with the other ones and my toes are peeking through…see.”
“Forget about it…we will split it all up later…now get to work on your end.”
As the leader stepped carefully down into the coffin Wolfgang debated about what to do, but as the man began to tug at his boots in an effort to relieve him of them Wolfgang relaxed and let his instincts take over.
“Excuse me,” Wolfgang said in a mildly apologetic tone “but I am rather partial to those boots.”
The leader jumped as if stung.
“That is not funny,” he turned accusatorily toward the younger man who had paused in mid swing.
“I said nothing,” he protested shrugging his shoulders in confusion.
Breaking through the wood and relieving the robber of his axe, Wolfgang stood up for the first time in over seventy years.
“You accuse him unjustly,” Wolfgang said reprovingly tossing the axe out of the hole and onto the ground above.
While both men stood staring in horror, frozen in place, mouths opening and shutting without any noise emitting from them, Wolfgang casually brushed the dirt off of his clothing.  He grimaced as he examined his white petrified hands.  He looked like death warmed over…or perhaps that was being kind.  
Released from the first thrall of terror, the two grave robbers began desperately scrambling up the sides of the deep hole frantic to get away.  Grasping the back of their breeches Wolfgang unsympathetically yanked them back down into the hole onto their backsides.
“Stay,” he ordered much as he would a recalcitrant mongrel.
The two sat motionless, paralyzed, too frightened to attempt anything else, the younger man not even noticing the wetness soaking his breeches.
“I do not appreciate my eternal slumber being interrupted,” Wolfgang began in an ominous voice “by two morons with nothing better to do with their misspent youth than stealing from those of us who have been laid to rest and are supposed to be slumbering in eternal peace.  How many graves have you robbed tonight?”
There was no answer; both men finding it impossible to think coherently much less to form words.
“Hmm…stay here…” Wolfgang said warningly as he jumped easily out of his disturbed grave “I shall discover that for myself.”
He need not have bothered with the admonition.  By that point neither of them could have moved even if they had wanted to.
A few moments later Wolfgang was back.
“Only one other grave so far,” he said thoughtfully.  “My father’s grave.  I have repaired his coffin.  Show me what you took.”  No response.  “Show me!”
The leader fumblingly produced a couple of rings from his pants pocket and held them out wordlessly, hand trembling violently.  Wolfgang relieved him of his treasures and pocketed them, not bothering to look.  He knew exactly what his father had been buried with…remembered with startling clarity helping his mother choose.
“You have decimated the grave of a nobleman…nay, two noblemen…and you will make right those whom you have wronged,” Wolfgang intoned solemnly.  
Once again leaping easily out of the hole, he looked down on the men and said “Come, you have much work to do,” adding “NOW!” when they showed no signs of moving.
Clawing their way out of the hole, both men were glazed over in stark terror, staring at Wolfgang with wide, horrified eyes, unable to look away.  
Picking up the two shovels he handed one to each of them and pointed towards his father’s grave.  As if in a trance, they began filling in the hole with Wolfgang occasionally interjecting “Faster” in order to expedite the job.
They were almost done and Wolfgang, realizing that dawn was not far away, decided to call a halt to their punishment.
“That will do,” he interrupted taking the shovels from them.  “And you will not be in need of these again so…” he broke them in half and threw them on the ground.  “Take off your clothes.”
They blinked at that, their eyelids moving for the first time since uncovering their own personal nightmare, and the older one began to stutter.
“But…but…” 
“Do it now!” Wolfgang’s voice was harsh.  “You would have taken mine, now I plan to return the favor.”
As they disrobed he added “And the shoes.”
Although they were shivering in the night air, it was as much from fear as the cold.
“Now you may leave,” Wolfgang said generously as if bestowing a great favor upon them.
“Leave…?” the younger man squeaked in disbelief.
“Yes…leave.”
Wolfgang suddenly felt the urge to laugh at the irony.  They would have given anything to be able to depart earlier, but they hesitated, each wondering what the devil they had roused truly had planned for them.  As long as they could see him, he was a known quantity, but once out of sight…  
“And do not ever consider disturbing another grave.  Since you saw fit to awaken me, I will be watching.  Now…GO!”
The two took off running as if the devil were after them.  Varian probably would be if they decided to turn from their lives of crime and embrace the straight and narrow.  
Almost Wolfgang could find it in his heart to pity them that possibility…almost.

Chapter 9

“So your father was selling your services to any man willing to pay the price?” Wolfgang asked in consternation as he and Priscilla waited in the dense undergrowth outside of what used to be his home.
“Yes,” Priscilla whispered.
“What about your mother?”
“My mother died when I was born.” 
“How old were you when…” Wolfgang broke of his question, not sure he wanted the answer.  Priscilla sounded so young…no more than a child.
“I was ten.”
“I am surprised he waited that long,” Wolfgang said sarcastically.
Taking his comment at face value Priscilla continued earnestly “Until then he had my sister.  She was a few years older.  He would come into our bedroom at night to teach her how to please men and tell me to watch and learn.  When my sister was murdered by one of her customers, my father began teaching me.  I did not like the things he made me do, a lot of times it hurt, but he told me it was all I was good for and that I owed it to him for killing my mother.  Sometimes the men who paid for me beat me if they were displeased.  Then my father would beat me when he found out so I tried my best to do what they wanted me to do.”
Wolfgang’s anger left him speechless.  The urge to seek out and destroy the man who had abused his own daughters—of course he would have long since died but that was irrelevant to his fury—in such a manner was so strong in him that he had to fight for control of himself in order to continue the conversation with any composure, having no wish to frighten Priscilla who, though she had been horribly mistreated, seemed to possess such a sweet forgiving nature that his anger might frighten her.
“How old were you when Varian found you?”
“Eleven.  He was really nice and understanding and asked me what I wanted most in the world,” she said reminiscently.  “He did not even expect me to please him.”
“What did you ask of him?” 
“I told him I never wanted my father, or any other man, to be able to touch me again,” she said sighing sadly, the melancholy in her voice obvious.
“So Varian took away your human body leaving only your spirit.”
“I am happy that my wish came true,” Priscilla hastened to assure him, sensitive to his tone, “but sometimes I wish…” she halted abruptly.
“Sometimes you wish…what?” 
“Nothing…” 
“It is not wrong to wish for things,” he assured her gravely.  “Tell me what you wish…please.”
“Varian says I should be grateful for what he did for me and that it is wicked to want more when I have already received the one thing I desired above all else.”
“Do you always do what Varian says?”
“I owe him my life.”
“You owe him nothing,” Wolfgang contradicted sharply.  “You do not have to obey him.”
“He is my master,” Priscilla said resignedly.  “I agreed to become one of his followers.”
“You gave him your soul?” Wolfgang asked, puzzled.  “Then why are you still here…in the Transcendent Realm?  That is what he offered me…release from this cursed realm.”
“He tried but could not remove me,” Wolfgang could hear the shrug in her voice although she had no physical shoulders.
“He tried…” his voice became thoughtful.  “Did he say anything, anything at all when he discovered he could not claim…remove you from this realm?”
“At first he was angry…I suppose because I lied to him about my age, I told him I was fourteen…and I was frightened, but then he smiled at me and told me I would be his special helper here, like when I carried you to your castle.”
“That was very kind of you,” Wolfgang agreed smiling at the beautiful swirl of colors that was Priscilla.  
“I should get back to Varian,” Priscilla said worriedly.  “He will wonder where I am.”
“Priscilla,” Wolfgang began hesitantly, unsure how to proceed but determined to help her as she had helped him over the years with her mere presence “do you trust me?”
“Of course,” she answered with all the innocence of a young child.
“I would like for you to stay with me.”
“That would be nice but Varian says I belong to him.  If I do not return he will come for me.”
“Does he punish you in some way?”
“No but I always feel…” she stopped unsure of what word to use.
“Guilty?” 
“Yes,” she whispered.
“I can make those guilt feelings go away.  Would you like that?”
“Yes,” she replied eagerly.
“Stay here with me and when Varian comes looking for you I will deal with him.”
“But…”
“Please, Priscilla, trust me.  I only want what is best for you.  You believe that do you not?”
After a slight pause, Priscilla said, “I will stay with you.”
Wolfgang and Priscilla kept a silent vigil until well after darkness had fallen, easily returning to their previous relationship of companionable peace and quiet, each deep in their own thoughts.  
Once they ascertained with their extraordinary sense of hearing that the inside of the castle was devoid of movement they quickly made their way to the castle grounds.  Wolfgang scaled the outside stonewall until he came to an opening large enough for him to enter unheard.  Beside him, Priscilla floated soundlessly.  He envied her ability to fly.
Moving down the stone staircase Wolfgang led the way to his…or what used to be his…wine cellar.  He wasted no time on the many flasks displayed along the walls and on shelves, interested in only one area.  Moving to the very darkest corner, the furthest from the stairs, he quickly dusted around the edges of a huge stone, one of the many that comprised the back wall of the cellar and gripping it firmly with both hands pulled the gigantic stone away from the wall leaving a dark gaping hole.
Although it was pitch black in the hole, once inside Wolfgang had no trouble seeing where he was going.  Pulling out one stone after another from the wall farthest from the opening more quickly than a human eye could easily follow he retrieved several flasks as well as quite a few extremely heavy sacks from the empty cavities behind them.
“What is all of this?”
“I knew that there might come a time when I would need a few things,” Wolfgang answered absentmindedly.  
“Things…what types of things?” 
“Blood, gold…everyday essentials,” he chuckled wryly.  “I am afraid the blood is useless but gold,” he held up one of the sacks and shook it “is timeless.”
Wolfgang replaced the flasks and then the stones.  After exiting the chamber, he carefully moved the heavy boulder into place.  Standing back and inhaling as much air as he could hold he stirred up the dust around the stone and allowed it to settle in a natural pattern.  Pleased with the results he turned and left the wine cellar.  
As he and Priscilla made safe ground he glanced back at the castle that had been the only home he had ever known other than the coffin he had been buried in and sighed deeply.  Not wanting to know who occupied the castle with him long dead and buried, he had picked a waiting place for himself and Priscilla that would allow them to hear indistinct voices but no specific conversations.  Wolfgang certainly wished the current Archduke well, but rather not know the details.  He would always think of the castle as his, even though he could no longer claim it.
Because of that, he was fairly certain there would be no punishment for his intrusion into the castle.  He was still the Archduke, although no one else was cognizant of that fact, and therefore owner of the castle and all that was in it.
For a moment, he was awash with regret for his wasted life, his lost chances, Wilhelmina who most certainly was dead and buried, for all of the good things he could have done with his life and would never have the chance.  
Holding Varian accountable was a temptation but he realized that the blame lay entirely at his own door.  He had used his freedom of will to choose the wrong path and he would pay for it for the rest of his existence…which looked to be a very long time indeed.
Perhaps it was not entirely too late and he could make up in some small part for his miserable excuse for a life.  There and then, he swore to himself he would do his best for Priscilla.  Varian as much as admitted to Wolfgang that he had miscalculated as far as he was concerned so Varian was obviously not infallible.  
From the information Wolfgang had managed to extract from Priscilla, it was apparent that he had once again made a mistake and Wolfgang planned to take full advantage of that mistake to help Priscilla free herself from Varian’s evil clutches. 
  
~ * * ~

“So you finally decided to come out of hiding,” Varian noted with relish as he appeared directly in front of Wolfgang, seemingly out of nowhere.
“You are wasting your time with me, you know,” Wolfgang shrugged, “but I guess it is yours to waste.”
“As stimulating as I find our conversations I am not here for you…”
“You were correct Priscilla,” Wolfgang called into the trees behind Varian “he is searching for you.”
“You have met my little helper, I see,” Varian said lightly in an attempt to hide his anger at finding the two of them together.  
“Yes indeed, her assistance has proven to be invaluable,” Wolfgang smiled at Priscilla as she emerged from the woods.  “Which brings up a rather delicate subject I am afraid,” he turned his smile on Varian and added with mock sorrow “Priscilla has decided to leave you.  I know you will miss her comforting presence greatly.”
“What nonsense is this,” Varian asked turning to Priscilla angrily.  “You belong to me, you know that.”
“I beg to differ,” Wolfgang contradicted mildly.  “It seems you are prone to mistakes; with me as well as Priscilla.  A rather egregious oversight on your part not to realize she was too young to be held responsible for her own actions.”
“How did you…?” Varian began then halted as he realized what he had revealed.
“You see Priscilla,” Wolfgang reassured her gently “Even Varian agrees, after a fashion, that you are not tied to him.”
“You know all I have done for you, Priscilla,” Varian reminded her “Would you throw my kindness back in my face after I saved you from your father and everything he put you through?”
“You could have done many things to help Priscilla out of her situation,” Wolfgang said contemptuously, “if that were your goal, such as disposing of her father…that would have been a nice gesture…but instead you chose to take away her humanity leaving her little option except to turn to you.  You know now she can never be one of your disciples but still you attempt to hold onto her in the only way open to you.”
“Is it true,” Priscilla whispered.  “Are you the devil?”
“Priscilla,” Varian said reproachfully every inch the kindly old gentleman whose feelings were hurt “you have known me a long time.  How could you believe that of me?”
“You took away my human body,” her voice pleaded with him to explain.
“It was the only way I could ensure that your father and all of those other men would never be able to touch you again,” he crooned softly.  “I gave you your wish.”
“But there had to be another way,” she whispered tearfully.
“You would question my wisdom?” 
“Wolfgang said…” 
“There was no other way!” Varian interrupted between gritted teeth.  “Do not listen to this fornicator…this adulterer…this murderer.”  
“Wolfgang?” she asked tentatively.
“I have done things I am not proud of, Priscilla,” he admitted, “but I have paid for my mistakes.  Your only mistake was that you were too sweet and trusting for your own good and all I wish for you is to be free of this demon.  Once you denounce him you are free to do as you wish, I would never try to guilt you into staying with me as he has.  The choice is yours.  I promise you, he will be unable to stop you unless you allow it.”
Priscilla was silent for a few moments while Wolfgang worried, wondering if he had said enough or perhaps too much, made some error in judgment that would send her scurrying back into Varian’s open arms.
“I will no longer serve you, Varian,” she announced bravely.  “Be gone, Devil.”
As silently as he appeared, Varian disappeared.  One moment he was standing in front of them, the next it was as if he had never been.
“How did you do that?” Wolfgang asked in astonishment.
“Once, unbeknownst to Varian I witnessed a human say those words to him and Varian vanished,” she admitted a bit sheepishly.  “I did not really think it would work since Varian sometimes disappears in a fit of pique when someone turns down his offer, but I thought it was worth a try.”
“That is incredible,” Wolfgang shook his head in amazement “something to remember for future reference.  I wonder what other helpful tidbits may be stored inside your brain…or what passes as a brain for us.”
“Varian taught me many things,” she replied enthusiastically.  “At first I could not even move much less fly, although I guess it is more like floating, and when I tried to pick things up I would simply pass through them, and I had no voice, but he taught me how to unlock the secrets of my mind.  He said that in the Transcendent Realm and without the burden of my human body there was very little I could not do once I learned how.”
“Remarkable, quite remarkable,” Wolfgang murmured.  “I wonder how much of that applies to my situation.”
“Well, we have a long, long time to figure that out,” Priscilla replied impishly.
“We do indeed,” he smiled his agreement “An eternity.”

Seventeenth Century England

Chapter 10

Rolf lay back on the bed hands interlocked under his head, licking at the blood trickling from the side of his mouth pondering the best place to dispose of the body that lie cold and still, eyes staring sightlessly at the ceiling, beside him.
The man known as El Toro was becoming suspicious and Rolf knew he would have to move on soon.  He had enjoyed his time in Spain, but he was running out of cities.  Rolf could not afford to have attention focused on him.  He needed unsuspecting partners in order to appease the beast within him.
Although El Toro did not actually care for the women he used for personal gain, he would in all probability be less than pleased once he figured out that he was minus quite a few money-making prostitutes.  Rolf intended to be gone long before he made the connection. 
Bestirring himself, he unhurriedly wrapped the bloodless body in a blanket and as he threw the lifeless bundle over his shoulder, a loud knock sounded.
“Open the door,” a voice commanded in Spanish.
Cursing silently, realizing the fat slob had followed him, Rolf tossed the body back on the bed and resignedly complied.
“Where is the girl?” the man asked belligerently, pushing Rolf out of the way.
Rolf almost laughed out loud at the expression of horror on El Toro’s face as he took in the blanket-wrapped figure knowing full well that the disgusting hypocrite spent a good part of his time beating his ‘girls’ into submission in order to make them more pliable.
“Murderer!” he accused, facing Rolf angrily.
“And your point is…?” Rolf asked insolently, leaning back against the door he had just closed, arms folded across his chest.
“The police…”
“You are planning on informing the police?” Rolf snorted in disbelief and as the man’s eyes narrowed continued casually, “Because I am certain they would be most interested in your particular…connection…with the woman.  Are you her father…brother…husband perhaps…?” he continued mockingly.
The man was silent pondering his options for a moment before offering generously “If you were to pay me for my…loss…I would consider it even.”
“I already paid you for her services, and they were most satisfactory.”
“Then why the hell did you kill her?”
“My requirements are…unique.”
“What do you mean?  What requirements.”
Rolf stepped closer to the man and whispered in his ear “You will have heard of the creatures that walk the night, drinking human blood…”
“Vampiro…” the man rasped fearfully.  “But…but…you can not be such a one.  See…it is broad daylight.”
“I admit…the ‘walk the night’ part is rather melodramatic and merely ignorant conjecture…but the blood-drinking…” Rolf shrugged.
“You jest…” the man suggested hopefully with a weak chuckle.
“Do I look as if I am joking?”
The man’s eyes widened in fear as he backed away and made the sign of the cross.
“That will not help you, you know,” Rolf laughed cruelly as he lazily pushed himself away from the door and moved slowly towards the man.  “The girl was rather small and I find my thirst not quite quenched.  You on the other hand should have enough blood to slacken it for quite a while, although it does not smell nearly as appetizing.”
“No!” he yelled and tried to barrel his way passed as Rolf’s arm encircled his neck.
A quick twist of the head and the man was still and silent as Rolf lowered him to the floor.
Sniffing delicately near the man’s throat, Rolf stood abruptly, a disgruntled look on his face.
“Such a waste of blood…garlic should be outlawed…especially in the quantities you apparently consume,” he admonished the corpse on the floor as he donned his hat and coat and checked his reflection in the mirror.
Satisfied with his appearance, Rolf nonchalantly strolled out the door into the sunshine.

Chapter 11

“That was fun,” Priscilla laughed delightedly, hopping up onto the bed. “I thought he was going to need a change of pants.”
“I believe you are enjoying scaring criminals straight a bit too much,” Wolfgang smiled benevolently, removing his hat and overcoat and hanging them on the stand by the door.  “Hmm…I think you might want to switch bodies.  That one is beginning to look a little worn.”
“But I really like this one,” she said mournfully, holding up her hands to examine them.  “You are right,” she sighed wistfully “this one is not going to hold up much longer.”
“We will put it back tonight,” Wolfgang said decisively “and go in search of another one.”
“We do not have to,” Priscilla said with unusual reluctance.  “I think I might just be myself for a while.”
“In a month or so the weather will be too warm for you to occupy a body,” Wolfgang reminded her kindly.  “Are you sure you do not want to try one more…?”
“I am fine,” she replied shortly.
“I do not mean to pry,” Wolfgang began hesitantly “but lately you seem rather…well…melancholy.  Is there something wrong?  Besides the obvious of course,” he allowed himself a half-smile.
“I am just being silly,” she shrugged dismissively.  “It is nothing.  Sorry I have worried you.”
“Do not concern yourself over me, but if I can help in any way…”
“You always help,” she reassured him not meeting his eyes “there is nothing anyone can do about…” she halted abruptly.
“Your mood has been very erratic since you entered that particular body,” Wolfgang noted thoughtfully.  “Is that a coincidence?”
“No,” she whispered.
“It may help to talk about it.”
“I doubt it, but…it is just that this body…I…it…when I look in the mirror I see myself as I used to be,” she finished in a rush jumping off the bed in agitation and moving to stare out of the window.
“You have taken possession of many bodies in the past couple of centuries since we discovered you have that ability, all of them young girls about the same age who tragically died, but you have never reacted quite this strongly before,” he knitted his brow in confusion.
“I know,” she said impatiently “but none of them actually looked like me.”
“You mean…”
“Yes,” she interrupted abruptly turning towards him.  “This,” she indicated her current body with a wave “is what I looked like before Varian…” she broke off inhaling sharply as the agony of her memories overtook her.
Wolfgang, helpless to ease her pain and realizing nothing could, after a few moments of silence said “I am sorry.”
“I know,” she tried to smile, failing miserably.  “The many years that have passed have not dulled the sorrow I feel.  I remember clearly how it felt to be human and as bad as it was at times, I can not help feeling regret for what I did to myself.”
“I too have clear memories of my former life and live with daily regrets,” Wolfgang shook his head sadly.  “I believe Varian knew exactly how well we would remember and counted on that as part of his insidious scheme to claim our souls, but we shall not allow him to win.”
“No,” she said quietly and then “No!” with more force.  
“So do we search for another body?  I will be fine with whatever choice you make.”
“Perhaps if we find something interesting…” 
“It will have to be tonight,” Wolfgang said decisively “no offense…but even with the weather as frigid as it is and no fire in here to warm the place you are beginning to smell.”
“You try practicing personal hygiene while residing in a month old corpse,” she taunted “And then you can talk.”
“I admit it,” he held up his hands in surrender “you are much better than I am.”
“After four centuries I would have thought that you would be improving at separating your spirit from your body,” she teased.
“I moved five paces away the last time,” he protested and then added wryly, “or what passes for five paces when you are nothing more than colors floating in the air.”
“And then snapped back before you could go anywhere,” she reminded him non-too-gently.
“I shall wait to perfect that particular feat until I am safely buried underground once more,” he said decisively.  “You know what happened the last time I tried it,” he shuddered.  “If someone stumbles upon my ‘dead body’ and moves it while I am not close to it or actually residing in it, I am not sure I would be able to find it again.”
“My belief is that your spirit would be pulled back into your body wherever it is when it is time to return,” Priscilla declared knowledgeably.  “You and your body have a connection, I am sure of it.  I believe that is what Varian severed when he…” she trailed off miserably. 
“Well, until I am sure that is the case, I will not be separating the two again any time soon,” he declared adamantly.
“Speaking of looking worn, you are showing definite signs of old-age,” she commented speculatively.  “You could drop dead any time and it would not look suspicious.”
“Thanks,” he replied sarcastically.
“My pleasure,” she teased.  “You started it by making uncalled for comments on my personal fragrance.”  She paused for a moment then added seriously, “I am just thinking maybe it is time to take a break from humanity.  I do enjoy frightening criminals into going straight, today was particularly rewarding since the man was a pimp and it was close to my heart, but you have been ‘alive’ this time for thirty or so years and I feel in need of peace and quiet.”
“I too am beginning to feel mentally weary,” Wolfgang admitted.  “Perhaps you are right.  My hidden ice house is growing barren of blood, so it would be good timing.”
“Perhaps we could find someplace where grave robbers would be less likely to disturb us,” she suggested.  “The last couple of times were rather annoying.
“That reminds me,” Wolfgang began with suppressed excitement “I overheard some men talking about the new land again.  There was much enthusiasm about a ship called the Mayflower departing in the autumn and I believe we should think about traveling there.  It is uninhabited for the most part and largely unexplored.”
“How would we travel?” Priscilla asked doubtfully.  “We might arouse suspicion if we were to live in close quarters with humans on a ship for that long.”
“We saw some interesting sea life while crossing the channel,” Wolfgang observed mildly, watching for her reaction.  “Do you not agree?”
“Oh yes, interesting,” she retorted sarcastically, “like that eight-legged monster that almost ate me.”
“I do not think you are that easily destroyed,” he said in amusement.  “Besides, I believe the creature was more interested in me than in you considering that you were invisible to it.”
“Is there no other way?” she asked pleadingly.  “Being underwater for that long just…” she shuddered.
Wolfgang laughed heartily.  “So buried six feet under in a coffin for decades does not bother you, but a short trip in water…”
“Hardly short,” she pointed out.  “The channel trip was short, crossing the ocean…”
“You could always float above the water,” he suggested with a shrug.  “You will have to at times anyway in order to check the stars.  We do not want to get lost and make a wrong turn,” he chuckled.
“Perhaps we could ride on the ship after all…?”
“I would need blood to appear human,” he reminded her quietly, “freely given, as I do not relish suffering the consequences of simply taking what I need, being thought to be dead, and being cast overboard resulting in having to walk anyway.”
“You want to go that badly?” she asked in resignation, already knowing the answer.  
“Yes, I do,” he replied soberly.  “There will be few inhabitants and from what I have managed to glean from the conversations the land is mostly untamed and wildlife is plentiful if I should need to appear human, albeit jaundiced and hirsute, for any reason.”
“There will be no bodies for me to inhabit,” she shook her head sadly.
“As much as I hate to admit it,” Wolfgang said gravely “there will be families with children and I fear the mortality rate will be depressingly high.”
“With a considerably smaller population, recognition would be more likely,” she warned. “We will have to be careful.”
“That is always the case for us,” he replied regretfully “and always will be.”
“If you are determined to go, I will accompany you.”
“I am glad,” Wolfgang acknowledged in relief adding teasingly “I have grown used to your annoying ways and would miss them greatly.”
“My annoying ways,” Priscilla growled at him.  “You are lucky to have me and do not forget it.”
“Yes I am,” Wolfgang said, suddenly serious “very lucky.”

Chapter 12

“Interesting mode of travel,” a familiar voice said wryly.  “You two lead a fascinating…existence.”
The duo halted for a moment, startled by the unexpected sound, but unable to determine the source.
“Varian,” Priscilla whispered fearfully.
“Priscilla, my dear,” Varian said kindly “I have missed you.  Nothing is the same since you deserted me.”
“What is it you want, Varian,” Wolfgang demanded shortly, returning to his brisk pace as Priscilla resumed floating silently beside him, both seemingly oblivious to the fact that they were underwater, moving no differently than on dry land.
“I am wounded,” Varian replied mournfully.  “I go out of my way to visit a couple of old friends and this is how I am greeted.”
“You are no friend of ours,” Wolfgang responded sourly “we know you for what you are so any such pretense is ridiculous.  State your business and then leave us in peace.”
“Come now, Your Grace,” Varian reproached him “I am only trying to help.”
“No titles,” Wolfgang said irritably “and we do not want your form of aide.”
“Surely you grow weary of your forced existence,” Varian suggested silkily.  “I can offer you escape.”
“Somehow I doubt that hell is any better than this,” Wolfgang’s lips twisted into a sardonic smile “Especially since you are in charge of it.”
“You do me an injustice,” Varian returned in mock sorrow “after all, I merely gave you your heart’s desire.”
Wolfgang, hearing Priscilla’s soft gasp, turned in her general direction just in time to see the eight-limbed creature that had unexpectedly emerged from its underwater hiding place in order to examine the intruders disappear back into its cave just as suddenly.  Priscilla’s sigh of relief had Wolfgang hiding a half smile as they continued their journey.  Even though, so far, the underwater creatures seemed more frightened of him then he was of them—with good reason he admitted to himself—Priscilla was still nervous.
“Do not blame me for your decisions,” Varian continued once he realized he would receive no response.  “The transformation was entirely your choice.”
“I realize that and take full responsibility for my actions,” Wolfgang admitted after a short pause “Priscilla, however, is another matter.”  After a few moments he added angrily “She was only eleven, not old enough for you to even consider condemning her to this type of existence, but still you took her whole life from her…and for what?”
“Physical age is irrelevant,” Varian said dismissively.
“What?” Priscilla whispered.  “But…”
“I knew how old you were…physically; that was not hard to distinguish,” the other two could hear the shrug in his voice “the problem is internal age which is not always so easy to gauge.”
“What do you mean?” Priscilla asked in confusion.  “My insides were a different age than my outsides?”
“I usually avoid skirting so close to the edge, but your…situation…had me fooled into thinking you were more mature than you actually were,” Varian conceded with a rare show of honesty.
“He means that you only appeared to be grown up, but in your mind you were still a child,” Wolfgang interpreted thoughtfully realizing Priscilla did not understand “and he apparently does not have the ability to differentiate…tell them apart.  Interesting,” he continued almost to himself, “I always thought the devil was more powerful than that.”
“I am powerful!” Varian’s voice changed immediately, deepening with anger, reverberating in the surrounding water.
“Perhaps I misspoke,” Wolfgang said with deceptive mildness.  “I assumed you were more like God…”
“How dare you compare me to Him,” Varian’s voice was shaking with fury.  “He is weak and foolish and has no idea how to…”
Wolfgang continued as if there had been no interruption “…omniscient, omnipotent, omnipresent…but apparently I was misinformed.  Unlike God, you make mistakes, many mistakes by the look of things, probably more than I will ever know about and…”
“Cease your mutterings!” Varian thundered.
“…you seem to be losing human followers left and right…they appear to be more frightened of us than of you” Wolfgang persisted, ignoring Varian’s interruption “plus there is that minor issue you seem to have with self-control as well as an extraordinarily nasty temper…” 
With a roar of rage which shook the earth beneath Wolfgang’s feet Varian roared “What have you done?” 
Wolfgang stopped in surprise at the question.  “You do not know?” he asked taken aback.  “I assumed…” he began then thought better of it and began walking again deep in thought.  
“What do you know of my human followers?” Varian asked in an ominously quiet voice.
When there was no answer forthcoming, he tried again.
“Tell me you fool!”
Again, he was greeted by silence.
“I should have let you die,” Varian growled.
“Yes,” Wolfgang agreed sadly, “you should have.”
“Mark my words…you will regret crossing me.  He will find you one day and then you will be begging me to release you from your pathetic existence, but I will make you suffer first, more anguish than anyone has ever suffered before.”
“Who will find me?” Wolfgang asked, perplexed.
“You will see and then I will make you rue the day you tangled with me.  I will make you rue the day you were ever born!”
With those departing words, there was complete silence. 
“Too late” Wolfgang murmured quietly “I already do.”

Twenty-First Century America

Chapter 13

“Hey Fish-butt, how’s the water?” the tall, broad-shouldered, red-headed linebacker asked with a wolf-like smile as he leaned against the stall opening, hands shoved into the pockets of his letterman’s jacket.   
“Stop…” was all the young man could manage before his face was once more submerged.
“I think it’s too cold for him,” a short, stocky running back suggested, “a few more dips and he should get used to it,” he added, sticking his head in between the arms of the two linebackers’ blocking his view in order to find a better vantage point.
“A few more dips it is then,” one of the two wide receivers holding the unfortunate teen’s head said agreeably as he allowed another breath before, once more, dunking the head back into the toilet face first.  
“Now do the flush thing,” the second linebacker, quite a bit shorter and more rotund than the first piped up in anticipation.  “I gotta get to class.”
“Yeah,” the running back chimed in “time for the swirly.”
“Ah the piece de resistance,” the other wide receiver said grandly, flushing the toilet while the unwilling victim fought desperately to lift his head away from the swirl of water, coughing as he involuntarily took a breath, his lungs screaming for air.
Even as he gasped, the young man was thinking scornfully If you can’t pronounce it, don’t use it, you idiot.  No wonder you’re flunking French.
“Come on, guys, the coach said he would bench us if we got detention again for being late,” the second linebacker whined.  “Finish up already.”
“I guess we’ll have to save the rest of the treatment for another time,” the flusher said regretfully as he and the other wide receiver finally released the object of their ridicule.
As the bathroom cleared to the jeers of “See ya soon, Fish-butt,” the butt of their vicious prank wearily sank down on the floor by the toilet, hair dripping and head bowed in defeat.  
“Happy birthday to me,” he murmured bitterly.
He knew what the rest of the treatment would entail and he shook in fear…the bruises from his beating the previous week had not quite faded.  Every Friday he prayed fervently that the jock/jerks would win a game, but without much hope…they were a pretty sorry lot.  
Mondays after a lost Friday night football game were always the worst with certain members of the team taking out their frustrations on guys like him…the nerds, the geeks, the dorks.  
He had admitted a long time ago that he was in the geek category with a few nerdish tendencies and most days it didn’t bother him, but on Black Mondays he couldn’t help but wish he had spent more time on sports and less on technology over the past four years.  
When he was younger, his athletic skills had been above average and he had played soccer for quite a while until his parents had been killed by a deranged gunman who had sprayed a whole restaurant with semi-automatic gunfire fatally wounding all but five people in the joint.  His parents had unfortunately not been among the few survivors.
Afterwards, he had been sent to live with his grandmother, a tight-faced, tight-fisted old biddy his parents had never gotten along with.  
He had withdrawn into himself and began spending more and more time on the computer his parents had purchased for him just before their untimely demise and less time out on the playing field, eventually quitting soccer altogether.
Although his parents had left him some money, his grandmother had control of it and refused to use any of it on him, preferring to spend it on her stupid bingo nights much to his chagrin.  
When he outgrew his clothes she would go to thrift shops and buy him the cheapest jeans that would fit him, always complaining that he was costing her too much money, mumbling about the fact the he was too scrawny to fit into any of his deceased grandfather’s pants.  He was extremely thankful she had no clue how to sew or he was sure she would have somehow found a way to keep them from falling off him.  As it was, she would pull out a huge white t-shirt occasionally and give it to him to instead of wasting her money on even the inexpensive thrift shop priced shirts.
As soon as he’d turned fifteen, he’d managed to find a job at the local electronics store which served two purposes:  it gave him spending money and a great discount on anything he wanted to buy, which was considerable.  
After discovering that his grandmother had already gone through his inheritance during the first year he lived with her—she was only tight-fisted when it came to him—and was periodically searching his room for any money he might have left lying around, sometimes even while he was asleep, he began keeping the little money he brought home tucked into his underwear hoping she would at least draw the line somewhere.  
Finally, it dawned on him that if he left a few dollars semi-hidden in the room she would take that and be satisfied.  
Most of his earnings went to feed his technology addiction, but he usually kept just enough back in order to have a bit of spending money, otherwise he would have seldom gotten to eat lunch as she kept very little food in the house and locked most of it up to keep it from him.  He was surprised he had managed to survive at all with the only food in the cupboard usually being her leftover stale, sometimes even moldy, bread and the cheapest peanut butter she could find.  
Thinking about his grandmother brought him back to his current predicament; one of the jock/jerks had taken his glasses.  He usually had the presence of mind to remove his glasses on Black Mondays and store them in the case in his backpack, but he had forgotten, being preoccupied with his latest project; hacking into the school’s computer system.
“Damn,” he muttered as he spotted his glasses under the nearest lavatory sink, a mangled mess of wire and broken glass.  He knew his grandmother would never spring for another pair so it would be up to him to replace them.  
There goes my iPod touch, he grumbled silently patting the small bulge in his briefs where he kept his life’s savings.  The goons had taken the five dollars he had put in his pants pockets that morning, but never thought to strip search him for more, thankfully.
Crawling over to and picking up the battered spectacles, he examined them minutely, hoping there was a chance he could salvage any part of the twisted disaster in his hands but to no avail.  They were beyond repair.  He was glad his eyes weren’t as bad as his father’s had been, legally blind without his specs, and he would be able to survive without them until he could get another pair.  As tears sprang to his eyes, he valiantly fought them back.  
Sixteen-year-old men do not cry, he scolded himself.   
He hadn’t shed a tear since the day he had been sent to live with his grandmother four years before and he planned never to allow them again.  She had seen his tears and pretended sympathy until the lady from Social Services left; after that she had taken her umbrella and begun beating them out of him.
Even though he had outgrown his grandmother in height by an inch during the past year, she was incredibly large for an old woman—standing at 5’9” in her stocking feet and weighing in at 175 pounds while he was barely 150 pounds soaking wet—and he wasn’t sure he would ever be able to defend himself against her.  She was a vicious old lady and didn’t mind fighting dirty.  He didn’t even know how.
He wished with all his heart that he had spent some of his money the previous year taking self-defense lessons so he could at least attempt to defend himself against all of the bullies in his life who seemed to consider him their favorite punching bag, but it was useless to live with regret.  The things he had purchased were the only positives in his life and, if he had it to do all over again, he knew he would have made the same choices.
Shoving the tangled heap of wire and glass into the pocket of his cheap yellow windbreaker—could I possibly be any more of an obvious target, he thought in disgust eyeing the huge brightly colored jacket that was another hand-me-down from his long dead grandfather with disfavor—he suddenly made a decision.
Standing up and vainly attempting to put himself back into some sort of order, he finally gave up, located his backpack in the next stall, shouldered it and headed for the nearest exit.  He would go home or what had passed for home for the past four miserable years, put on fresh clothes—not that they would look any better or even any different than the ones he was wearing, but at least they would be dry—and spend the rest of the day idly wandering the city.  
Most likely his grandmother would not be home, bingo was opened every day but Sunday, and he would be able to stick his clothes in the dryer for a few minutes in order to dry them off without her knowing.
She was every bit as stingy with her washer and dryer as she was with everything else and refused to allow him to do laundry more than once every two weeks even though he only had two pairs of jeans and five t-shirts.  Unable to stomach the thought of re-wearing his underwear more than two days in a row any longer he had gone out and bought a package of briefs and socks as soon as he had received his first paycheck in order to make it the two weeks without reeking.  He had enough problems at school without adding BO to the list. 
Arriving home to an empty house—although his grandmother refused to allow him to have a key, he had long ago learned how to use an old discarded credit card he had found in the dumpster at school one of the many times he had been pushed head first into it in order to open the back door since his grandmother was of course too cheap to spring for a dead bolt—he made his way quickly upstairs to the part of the attic that passed as his room.
The only electricity in the attic when he’d moved in was to the single overhead light bulb, 25 watt of course, and he’d spent many hours studying manuals at the different do-it-yourself stores in town in order to learn how to rewire his room to be able to use his computer.  The rafters were totally exposed and there was no insulation so the wiring was a snap once he figured out what he was doing.   
Unable to afford to buy any wiring, he had disconnected and swiped some of the 14-gauge wire and 110 outlets in one of the other bedrooms in the house that she never used except as storage.  As long as she could turn on the overhead light, he knew it was highly unlikely she would ever notice anything else missing.  
The mounds of boxes in the room hid the walls and he had been hard put to move everything out of the way in order to retrieve the electrical supplies he needed without knocking them all over.  However, four years later, his theft remained undiscovered and he had two 110 outlets to show for it hidden behind his bed where they would hopefully remain undetected.
He had figured out early on that anything he owned of value was likely to go missing and he made sure that his grandmother could see that his computer and monitor didn’t work and that he only kept them around to tinker hoping one day to fix them.  Up to that point she had left all of his computer stuff alone since she didn’t understand any of it, and contented herself with taking his watch, baseball card collection, soccer ball…things like that.  He suspected that she had immediately sold all of his stuff because he never saw any of it again.
Changing hastily, not wanting to get caught at the house on a school day, he didn’t notice anything amiss until he was about to head down to dry his clothes.  The boxes where he stored his hardware, software, computer, and monitor whenever he wasn’t in immediate attendance were gone.  
Dropping the damp clothing he had been carrying, he hurried over to the corner where he kept the boxes, staring dumbly at the empty spot on the floor.  Suddenly panicked, his whole life—or the part he couldn’t carry around in his back pack—pathetic though it was, was on that computer and in those boxes and he needed them if for no other reason than they gave him the one hold he had on his sanity.  
Frantically he began searching the small attic space, under his bed—although he knew the boxes wouldn’t have fit—behind his small pitiful dresser, in the drawers…his desperation clearly written on his face.  He knew it was hopeless, was only surprised she had waited that long to take it, but still he hunted.  
Finally admitting defeat, he did something he had never done, never dared to do, in his four years of residence…he deliberately walked down the stairs and taking his ‘borrowed’ credit card out of his back pocket once again, opened the door to his grandmother’s room. 
The shocking sight that met his eyes had him rooted to the spot, speechless.  Although he had always known his grandmother was a packrat—never throwing anything away…the other bedroom a testimony to that fact—he had been clueless about what exactly that meant until that moment.
There was no way of knowing, and he had no intention of trying to find out, what was in all of the boxes that were stacked floor to ceiling filling up more than half of the room, but the huge mountain of newspapers bundled in packs of anywhere from fifty to a hundred taking up the rest of the space were obvious enough.  He wondered idly how she fit through the small pathway to the bed and closet as his mind boggled at the sight in front of him.
Pulling himself together, he carefully made his way through the narrow corridor to the bed and then to the closet.  Slowly he pulled it open, expecting boxes to come tumbling down on him, but instead a different type of display spread out before him.  
Clothing belonging to both of his grandparents was hanging neatly in a row on the pole at the back and along the left side of the closet and below the clothing were shoes on multiple shoe racks all perfectly in order, nothing out of place.  
On the single shelf above the clothing were hat boxes, men’s and women’s, no doubt hats neatly stored in each one and against the right wall an antique dresser with a mirror hanging on the wall above it and on the top of the dresser a brush/comb set as well as a jewelry box.
Entering the closet, hesitantly approaching the dresser, he opened the lid of the jewelry box…empty.  He pulled out each and every compartment with the same result.  
He wasn’t sure what he had expected, perhaps hidden jewels that he could have stolen, or in his mind, traded for the computer and other things he had lost to the greedy woman to which he was unwillingly blood related, but he was doomed to disappointment.
Shaking himself mentally as well as physically out of the unwitting trance under which he had fallen, he suddenly felt claustrophobic.  Hurriedly putting everything back exactly as he’d found it and carefully making his way back out of the room, locking it behind him, he ran up the stairs. 
Glancing around the small attic that had served as his room over the past four years, he took a quick dispassionate inventory of the few items scattered around.  
He would take his personal books—there were only three—his toothbrush and toothpaste, deodorant, comb, socks and briefs…all of which he himself had paid for, plus the clothes on his back leaving the rest for his grandmother, including the hated yellow windbreaker although he would miss the small amount of warmth and protection it provided.  
In her greediness, he was sure she would bemoan the loss of his current clothing but he had no intention of running around naked just to please her.  
Emptying his school backpack of all school property—just let her try to explain my absence he thought grimly—only keeping his pen, pencil, and binder, he loaded his measly belongings into the backpack.  There was plenty of room to spare so he headed down to the kitchen to find some food to pack.
Standing in front of the one cupboard allotted to him, he took down the bread, peanut butter, the one knife she allowed him insisting he keep it washed, as well as the yellow plastic disposable cup which was the only thing he had ever been given to drink from—he had grown to despise the color yellow—and stuffed it into his backpack.
Although he knew he could have easily broken into the other cabinets he couldn’t bring himself to take anything that wasn’t classified as ‘his’ feeling that it would make him into a thief, but he had no compunction whatsoever about taking the few paltry pieces of property that he had been permitted during his seemingly interminable stay.  He felt he deserved that much.
Glancing around the kitchen he tried to feel some remorse at leaving, some connection with the only home he had known for four years, but all he could muster was relief.  He was unsure how his grandmother would react, she was unpredictable at the best of times, but he couldn’t bring himself to care about that either.
Standing at the door, he checked to make sure his two hundred dollars was securely tucked into his briefs and stuck his hand in his front right pocket to jingle the couple of dollars in change he always kept there to throw off anyone who might take it into their head to shake him down for his money.  
Satisfied that he was as ready as he would ever be, he opened the back door, turned the flimsy lock on the handle, and stepped out onto the stoop, gently closed the door behind him.  
He was free.  
Giving in to the sudden urge, he broke into a run.

Chapter 14

“Good afternoon, Gar,” a cultured voice greeted him amicably “missed you in church this morning.”
“Hey Fred,” Gar returned the greeting warily.  “I had stuff to do.”
“Fair enough,” Fred smiled understandingly.  “Having any luck today?”
“A few cans,” Gar shrugged dismissively “nothing earth shattering.”
“I found some bottles,” a young voice offered eagerly as a small, thin, dark-skinned lad waved a few in the air displaying them proudly.
“Well now, young Derrick,” Fred rubbed his jaw thoughtfully “you certainly did.  Hmm…I have an offer for you if you are interested.”
“Sure,” Derrick replied enthusiastically.
“Twenty-five cents for the lot…”
“But…” Gar began to protest, halting at the warning look on Fred’s face.
“Gee, thanks, Fred” Derrick smile revealing baby teeth stark white against his dark skin as he beamed at his benefactor.  “Sheila will be so proud of me.”
“Sheila is always proud of you,” Fred reminded him as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a shiny object “and here it is, one quarter as agreed upon.  If you would be so kind as to gently place those bottles in my cart our transaction will be complete.”
Derrick very carefully set the bottles on top of the tarp covering the old worn shopping cart and took off running, tightly grasping the coin in one hand.
“That was nice,” Gar commented.
“Nice,” Fred said in astonishment.  “Why I am sure I shall get more than that when I return them to the store.”
“They’re non-returnable and you know it.” 
“Well, then I just paid Derrick for helping to keep America beautiful,” Fred grinned but it faded as he shook his head and continued “I wish Sheila were not so hell-bent on making her own way.  She is little more than a child herself and young Derrick belongs in school.”
“Yeah, but you know social services will split them up and Sheila isn’t about to let that happen,” Gar said sadly.  “He’s the only family she’s got left.”
“So,” Fred cleared his throat “speaking of being a child, you will be seventeen in a few days…well on your way to adulthood.  Have you made plans?”
“Oh yeah,” Gar began sarcastically “I thought I would start off with dinner at the Ritz…wanna come?”
“I shall have to check my schedule,” he replied importantly.  “Hmm…I believe I have a meeting with the prime minister of England that day.”
“Right…that clean slipped my mind,” Gar hit the heel of his hand to his forehead.  “Well, perhaps another time.”
“Of course,” Fred replied sanguinely as he bent to stoke his small fire “I shall certainly take a rain check.”
“You know, you don’t talk like any bum I’ve ever met,” Gar changed the subject abruptly.
“Known many bums in your short life, have you?”
“You know what I mean,” Gar replied irritably.  “I mean take Joe over there, he’s exactly what he seems to be, a washed out football player with a trick knee who had a terrible run of bad luck but still has a sense of humor and a kind word for everyone, and then there’s Allen the alcoholic who slurs all of his words because he spends every last dollar he can scrape together on his addiction and can’t stay sober, and of course Helen who…”
“I get it, Gar,” Fred interrupted shortly.  “You want to know my story.”
“Well, you are the only one around here who seems to have it all together, a good education, always helping others instead of yourself, and for some reason you never smell like all the rest of us,” Gar pointed out almost apologetically.
Fred laughed and said, “That last one is easily explained, I spend some of my hard-earned money on personal hygiene while you seem to waste all of yours on computer time at the local internet cafe.”
“Hey…I have to get my fix somehow.”
“I must admit to being technologically challenged.  My email was a mess until my granddaughter…” he stopped abruptly.
“Aha…you have a granddaughter.  That means you must have a least one child…unless it’s an honorary title and she really…”
“Gar, let it go.”
“Come on, Fred,” Gar coaxed “you managed to pull my whole pathetic life story out of me in exactly twenty minutes, but you never tell me anything about yourself.”
“I can assure you I am not that interesting.”
“At least tell me your name…you’re real name.”
“Why is this so important to you?” 
“I don’t know,” Gar confessed.  “I guess I just want to feel like I know you, really know you, that I’ve made some kind of connection with somebody.  I haven’t done that in a long time.  You can trust me you know.”
“I do know that, Gar,” Fred responded soberly.  After a few moments of silence, he said abruptly “Masters.”
“Masters…?” 
“You wanted to know my last name,” Fred reminded him.  “Frederick Liam Masters…the third” he added, the hesitation barely noticeable.
“The third…?” 
“Is there an echo around here?” Fred asked humorously.  “Yes the third,” he reiterated patiently.
“Are you rich or something?”
“But of course,” he replied expansively “my cart is so much fancier than anyone else’s, do you not agree?”
“Sorry,” Gar murmured in embarrassment.
“Not everyone with numbers succeeding their name is rich,” he pointed out kindly.  “Some of us just happened to have been stuck with misnomers…family names.”
“Got that right,” Gar muttered under his breath.
“Smith is not a bad last name,” Fred patted Gar on the shoulder reassuringly “Even if it is an assumed name.”
“Actually,” Gar said sheepishly, “that is my last name.”
“Well I’ll be damned,” Fred laughed uproariously “and I probably will be, but that is another matter.  I must admit I have never met anyone whose last name really was Smith…although I have known a Jones or two in my time.”
“Well now you have,” Gar laughed in spite of himself.  
“I have to say, I am a bit confused,” Fred admitted.  “You seemed extremely reticent to tell us your name when you first arrived on our doorstep so to speak.  May I ask why?”
“It wasn’t my last name I cared about.” 
“What is so bad about Garfield; a bit of teasing about kitty litter or cartoons perhaps?” 
“My name isn’t Garfield…I wish,” Gar returned resentfully.  “I was given a family name and it’s…well…let me just say I was labeled with horrible nicknames my whole life.”
“Surely it could not be all that bad.”
“Yes it could and is,” Gar answered sullenly.  “When I’m old enough I intend on getting it legally changed.”
“You do not have to tell me,” Fred offered helpfully “although you have managed to arouse my curiosity.”
“I’ll tell you one day,” Gar shrugged, “when it’s no longer so painful, in exchange for more dirt on you.”
“Fair enough,” Fred agreed amiably “now how about we plan a real birthday celebration.”
“If you say so,” Gar replied indifferently.
“I say so.”

~ * * ~
 
“I can’t believe he’s making me pick up my own birthday cake,” Gar muttered to himself and then grinned adding, “at least it’s my favorite…chocolate” as he surreptitiously licked the frosting from his fingers, carefully re-closing the box afterwards.
He was flat broke, living under a bridge in the worst possible part of New York City with a bunch of homeless hobos no better off than he, but he was happier than he had been in the five years since his parents’ death…and Fred was the reason for that.  
Although Gar’s anger at the world in general could have turned into bitterness, Fred wouldn’t allow it.  He was the nearest thing to a father that Gar could claim and he didn’t seem to mind Gar hanging around all the time.  He had become father, teacher, advisor, and friend to Gar in the short time they had known each other.
Even the suspicious looks the woman at the bakery had thrown him hadn’t fazed him.  Fred always said he could be anyone he wanted to be and to never allow another person to convince him otherwise, so the woman’s attitude had bounced right off of him and he had even managed to extract some humor out of the situation when he had pulled the exact amount of money out of his pocket to pay for the cake.  She’d smiled at him after that.  
People are weird, he chuckled to himself.
Heading down the dark deserted alleyway that led to the ‘home’ they had all adopted, Gar could hear shouts in the distance.  
Had they started the party without him?  
His amusement very quickly turned to alarm as he heard what sounded like shots being fired.  
Breaking into a run, he grasped the cake box between his arm and body much like he had seen football players carrying a football.  
More shots rang out and he heard a woman screaming.  Totally oblivious to the cake under his arm as he sped up, it fell unheeded to the ground.  The woman’s scream was abruptly silenced by the sound of another shot carrying to him on the night air.
He was too far away.  Whatever was taking place under the overpass, he was too damn far away.  As he drew closer and closer he could hear the cars zooming by uncaringly high above him, as well as his own panting breath, but the rest of the night had grown eerily quiet.
He heard a few more shouts and then the sound of two automobile doors slamming followed immediately by the squealing of tires as a vehicle spun out.  Desperately squinting as he ran, Gar’s frustration and despair was almost overwhelming as he futilely raced towards the departing vehicle, unable to get the make, model, or even the color without corrective lenses…which he’d never bothered to replace…simply seeing a dark blur speeding away from the scene quickly making the access road and entering the onramp.  
Approaching the residual smoke of the various campfires he and his friends always used to keep warm on chilly nights, he slowed to a walk detecting no sound or movement, every bit of life appearing to have been sucked out of the scene.
Maybe they’re just hiding in order to jump out and say surprise, he told himself in quiet desperation.  Fred is going to be so ticked that I dropped the cake.  He’ll probably make me eat every last scrap of it.  And I will just as long as everybody is okay…they have to be okay…everything is fine…
But no matter what he kept telling himself, he knew something was wrong…terribly wrong.  There had been so much excitement and activity when they had all sent him off to pick up the cake and suddenly…nothing.
Cautiously approaching Fred’s cart, the shadows from the his campfire throwing weird shadows on the huge concrete columns supporting the overpass, he tried to keep his eyes straight ahead of him, focusing only on that sole bit of light, but failed miserably.  
His recalcitrant eyes began wandering and there they lay, the only family he’d known in the five years since the death of his parents:  Joe, not two feet from him, flat on his back with eyes starring vacantly at the night sky, a huge bloody hole in his chest where his heart should have been, Allen, sprawled forward over his cart, face and arms hanging down almost touching the ground, Helen in a curiously shapeless heap next to the campfire a makeshift utensil still clutched in her out-stretched hand, obviously caught in the middle of fixing the birthday meal, meatless stew as usual, and then there was Sheila—beautiful, sweet, loving, fiery and fiercely protective Sheila—her body almost totally obliterating Derrick, her arms cuddling him in a vain attempt to shield him from the attack, desperate to spare him.  
Gar could see Derrick’s limp and lifeless arm, an arm that had obviously been grasping Sheila around the waist in terror, protruding from their huddled bodies and he stopped, squatting down next to them attempting to find a pulse, but there was nothing.
Standing, almost blinded by the pools in his eyes, he glanced around wildly…desperate to locate the man who had become his best friend.
“Oh no,” Gar moaned out loud as his eyes finally found the one for which he had been searching.
Dropping to his knees, the tears pouring unheeded down his face, Gar lifted Fred’s head and cradled it to his chest.
“Not…much…of a…party, huh?” a voice gasped near his ear.
“Fred,” Gar exclaimed as he pulled back to take a good look at him.  “You’re alive.  I have to get an ambulance,” he gently settled Fred’s head back onto the ground and made to rise.
“No,” Fred’s hand on his arm was surprisingly strong.  “I have been…gut shot…too late.”  He took a few gasping breaths then lifting his head slightly asked “The others…?”
Gar shook his head, unable to speak.
“Derrick…?”
Once again Gar couldn’t find the words.
“My fault…” Fred moaned and allowed his head to fall back. 
“Don’t talk like that…you couldn’t have done anything to stop this.”
“I have to…tell you” he convulsed in pain, his face contorting grotesquely before continuing.  “Do not…believe…them,” he pleaded, his grasp on Gar’s arm becoming weaker by the second.  “It…was not…me.  Promise…”
“I promise, Fred,” Gar said through his tears.  “Whatever happens, I will always trust you.  Now please, let me get you some help.”
“There…is no…time,” Fred wheezed.  “Go now…they will…take you…back.”
“I’m not leaving you.”
“Gar…”
“Garbutt.”
“Gar…butt…?” 
“Is there an echo around here?” Gar joked weakly.  “My name…it’s Garbutt.  Arbuckle Garbutt Smith.”
Lifting his head in a last Herculean effort Fred managed to wheeze between rattling breaths, “St…stick…to…Gar…field,” and fell back, silent.
As Gar kneeled there by the dead man, lost in a daze at the rapid change in his situation, he slowly became conscious of sirens in the distance growing steadily louder.  Recognizing the wisdom of Fred’s words, he rose and began walking back the way he had come, back through the dark alley, picking up the cake box which was surprisingly still in one piece albeit upside down as he moved away from the grisly scene like a robot on autopilot.  Having learned practicality from Fred, Gar knew that the cake might be the only food available to him for quite a while.
As he reached the alley, Gar risked a glance back and could see that the flashing lights had almost reached the scene.  Although Gar was fairly certain there had been no survivors, it was good that emergency personnel had responded so quickly to whoever had called 911.  He wondered idly who it could have been.  Most of the buildings in the area were totally deserted, relics of a different time when that part of town hadn’t been on the ‘wrong side of the tracks’, and there were no residents anywhere close which was why it had been a favorite spot for the homeless.  
Watching the lights from the safety of the alley, Gar suddenly became conscious that he wasn’t alone.  Turning in apprehension, he noticed another guy about his own age standing a few feet away, facing the same scene Gar had been watching a moment earlier.
“Where did you come from?” Gar asked uneasily.  
He was usually more observant but considering the circumstances his inattention was understandable.
“Originally or just recently?” the teenager asked amusedly.
“Forget it,” Gar snarled as he turned to leave.
“Wait,” the boy called “I know someone who can help you.”
Gar paused for a split second and then continued on his way.
“He’ll give you what you want,” the teenage boy called after him.
Spinning to face the boy angrily, Gar growled, “You have no idea what I want.”
“Justice…revenge…” the boy shrugged carelessly.  “You know that the police will probably just chalk this up to a bunch of homeless bums killing off another bunch of homeless bums.  Case closed…done…finito.  They won’t want to waste valuable resources trying to track down the killers of bums.”
“They weren’t bums,” Gar shouted at him angrily.  “They were my family.”
“And it’s understandable that you would want to find their killers,” the boy nodded sympathetically.  “I know someone who can help you with that.”
“Why should I trust you?”
“Who else is there?”
Good point, Gar acknowledged silently.  Aloud he simply asked “Where is this person you say can help me?” 
“He’s in one of the warehouses down the street.”
“Are you the ones who called 911?”
“I didn’t, but who knows with Varian,” the boy said indifferently.  “He is a law unto himself.”
“Varian…?”
“He is the one with the resources and abilities to give you what you most want in the world.”
“I don’t have any money…” Gar began.
“He isn’t interested in money.”
“Everyone is interested in money.”
“Was Fred?”
“What do you know about Fred?”
“I know that money meant nothing to him,” the boy replied calmly.  “Anyone who knew him could see that.”
“You knew Fred?” 
“I knew of him,” the boy corrected.
“So are you saying that Varian is like Fred,” Gar asked still suspicious of the young man he had never seen before but who seemed to know a great deal about him.
“In that money means nothing to him, yes, definitely,” the boy qualified.  “You might call him a…philanthropist,” he added with a touch of mockery.  “Do you want to meet him or not…your choice…but I don’t have all night,” he finished impatiently.
“You say he will be able to help me find the killers,” Gar was still skeptical, but was curious, too.  
He had nowhere else to go, nothing else to do, and finding those murderous bastards appealed to the sense of helpless fury beginning to build inside of him.
“He will give you everything you need to find them and deal with them,” the boy said confidently.  “Come.”

Chapter 15

“Hey, Henson,” the tall, thin blue-uniformed policeman called softly to his shorter, stouter counterpart as he held the beam of his flashlight steady on the dark, shapeless mass huddled ten yards away in a dark corner of the warehouse.
“Yeah, Murphy?” the other man answered as he moved over to join him.
“What’s that?” 
“Looks like a bear skin rug from here,” Henson commented as he swung his own light over to join his partner’s “Probably just a dog or something that got lost and wandered in looking for food.”
“I think it must be dead…I don’t see any movement.”
“Well, let’s take a closer look,” Henson pulled his gun, keeping his flashlight trained on the black mound of fur as he approached.
“Man, whatever it is, it’s big.”
“I think you’re right, it ain’t breathing,” Henson nudged the lifeless pile of fur with his foot.  “Not stiff and doesn’t smell yet, so it ain’t been dead long.  Probably what the caller saw instead of the two guys who shot all of those homeless people.”
“Yeah, I guess they’re long gone,” Murphy agreed.  “What do we do about this…thing?”
“We’ll call animal control and let them handle it.”
“Should we go help track down the dark blue Ford pickup that couple saw leaving the area after the shooting?”
“I suppose,” Henson sighed heavily “ain’t much to go on, though, and probably a dead end just like here.  They didn’t get a license plate number.  I doubt we’ll ever find the bastards.  Coulda just been a couple of teenagers out joy riding and shooting up whatever they could find just for the hell of it.”
“That poor kid,” Murphy shook his head sadly “about the age of my own little Michael.  He shouldn’t have been living like that.”
“None of ‘em should have been living like that but life ain’t fair so there you go…nothing we can do about it so we might as well call this in and get the hell outta here.”
“Right with you, this place gives me the creeps.”
As the footsteps receded into the distance, the black mound of fur moved ever so slightly as Gar attempted to shove the beast off him, but to no avail; it was too heavy.
Realizing he had very little time before animal control arrived to remove the creature, he knew he had to free himself quickly or be found and in all probability returned to his grandmother.
That was what Fred had been concerned about in his last moments of life.
The thought of Fred sent agonizing pangs of grief ripping through his very being, tearing at him with sharp claws and after a few moments, Gar noticed he was holding his breath.  Releasing it, he exhaled explosively.
He’d been awakened by the nudge of the officer’s foot just in time to catch the last part of the discussion between the two and hadn’t dared to breathe as he hid under the huge monster that had somehow managed to die right on top of him, afraid they would think it was the animal breathing and start shooting.
Determined to free himself, he attempted to roll over, hoping to use his legs to help him push the beast off him.  
As he flipped over, he was suddenly on his back, staring up at the exposed wooden beams of the old warehouse, the animal no longer covering him.  
He turned his head one way and then the other in an effort to locate the carcass, but the floor on both sides of him was empty.
Lifting his head off the ground, he glanced down towards his feet and saw the hind legs of the beast sticking straight up in the air and cramming his chin down into his chest he could barely make out the front legs, bent as if in a begging position, one on each side of his chest.
I’m on top of the stupid thing, he realized in amazement.
Frantically Gar struggled to sit up, but kept falling back onto the creature, unable to bend at the waist for some odd reason.  Giving up, he rolled over towards his right side, managing to get his arms and legs under him as if he were crawling, but he was shocked to the core as he desperately searched under him for his own limbs and couldn’t find them anywhere.
The only limbs he could see were the front legs of the obviously canine like creature he had been concealed under.
Where’s my body? He screamed silently.  Have I been eaten?  
Gar’s distress was multiplied as his ears detected the men returning to the warehouse.  Beside himself with panic, he instinctively scrambled towards the broken exit sign at the back of the building, the canine limbs responding immediately to his unspoken thoughts as if they were his own arms and legs.
Bursting out the door into the bright sunlight he yelped and instinctively backed up into the shadow of the building he’d just exited.
Did I just yelp? 
His eyes narrowed to slits not only to prevent the light from hurting his eyes but also because a thought was occurring to him and it wasn’t a pleasant thought.  
He hadn’t been hiding under the furry animal or been eaten by the furry animal…he was the furry animal.
Picking up the noises inside the building, he could hear murmured discussions about the dead creature that was no longer where they’d left it, and they were searching…searching for him.  
As much as he wanted to sit and ponder the how’s and why’s of his predicament, he didn’t have much time and he needed an escape plan.
Going back out into the sunlight didn’t seem like such a good idea, the pain from his last encounter with it still fresh in his mind, so he would have to settle for a hiding place somewhere close by.
Glancing around desperately as the voices grew louder he spotted a broken basement window two buildings down and without conscious thought, found himself already standing in front of it a split second later and inside before he even realized it.
He watched from the shadows as a couple of men threw open the door he’d escaped through just moments earlier and scratching their heads, perplexed, shrugged their shoulders and reentered the building.  
Concentrating on their voices, although they were two buildings down, he managed to make out part of the conversation. 
“Did you find it?”
“No, I guess it wasn’t dead after all.”
“Or maybe Murphy and Henson downed one too many this morning.”
Amidst the laughter there was more muted conversation but Gar had heard enough to know he was safe…for the moment.
Turning to investigate his surroundings the basement was dark, the only light filtering in was from the window he had used as an entrance, but he could make out everything as if it were simply a cloudy day.  
The darkness was a relief after the agony of the dazzling sunlight.
Padding around the old broken down tables he examined the dusty, grimy equipment that seemed to be attached to them: sewing machines.  The place had most likely been a sweatshop.  He’d read about them in American History.
Prowling the place he discovered all types of material under the layer of filth, along with what looked like every sewing accessory known to man; needles, thread, thimbles…he was no expert, but it looked like from the way some of the machines still had material under their needles that the workers had gone home from work one day and just never returned.
History had always fascinated him and the idea of a fairly modern day sweat factory in the middle of New York City had taken his mind, temporarily, off of his own predicament, but as he rounded a corner and found himself directly in front of a cracked and dirty mirror, the low growl which seemed to build in his throat as he stared at the huge black beast in front of him left him in no doubt that he was no longer human.
He was a wolf.

Chapter 16

“Wolfgang, I think you should see this,” Priscilla drifted out of her room and over towards the remote, pushing the power button.
“…and no one seems to be able to stop him,” the male announcer said in awe.
“Isn’t he cute, though,” his blonde female sidekick offered giggling.  “I mean, he looks right at the camera as if he knows what it is.”
“See that…the tranquilizer darts just bounced right off of him, Faye.  I’m afraid they may start using bullets soon if they can’t contain him.”
“Oh, surely not, Hank,” Faye protested.  “I mean, it’s not like he’s hurt anybody has he?”
“It may be only a matter of time.  That wolf is a wild animal after all.”
“I’m not even sure that it is a wolf, it looks more like an overgrown puppy to me.”
“A rather large and highly dangerous puppy.”
Wolfgang took the remote from Priscilla and turned the volume down as the camera panned a scene showing a large black wolf chasing a pickup down the freeway.  Although the pickup was probably doing at least sixty miles an hour, the wolf had no trouble keeping up with it.
“Did you see the eyes when the camera zoomed in for a close-up?” Priscilla asked a bit fearfully.
“Yes,” Wolfgang answered impassively.
“Is it possible…could he be…?”
“I do not know,” he paused, eyes on the screen, mind racing.  “I was not scheduled to be in the New York office until next month, but I will do some rearranging and have Scott fuel up the jet for tomorrow.”
“What will we do if it…?”
“Let us not anticipate trouble.”

~ * * ~

“Ain’t that the funniest thing you ever saw?” the scantily dressed thirty year old dyed blonde woman at the bar asked of no one in particular as all eyes remained glued to the screen.
“He chased me for five miles the other day,” one man boasted.
“What happened?” another man asked in alarm.
“Well, I’m driving down the freeway, see, and I must have been doing about seventy when I noticed the wolf in my rearview mirror.  I sped up coz none of us know what he wants and I wasn’t about to be the one to find out…you know…I mean what if he wanted a snack or something…right?”
There was a general chorus of “Right” and “I don’t blame ya” and “Good idea” as the man nodded and took a large swig of beer.
“What happened then?” the woman asked enthralled.
“He jumps up in the bed of my pickup, puts his nose right up to the rear window and…I swear…he starts sniffing…like he could smell me through the glass.”
The man paused and stared mournfully at his almost empty beer mug while the bartender, just as interested as everyone else in the wolf story, took it and replaced it with a full one insisting “Go on.”
“I don’t think you’ll believe what happened next.”
“Don’t stop now,” the woman pressed herself up against the man’s arm and smiled encouragingly.  “What’d he do?”
“He shook his head, like he was saying I wasn’t the one…I saw him in the rearview mirror, I swear I did…and then he just jumps out.  I was doing like eighty, but he landed on his feet and disappeared in the bushes by the side of the road.”
The woman, disappointed, moved back to her stool as the men predictably began jeering.
“I swear, that’s what happened,” the man insisted.
“I’m taking odds on capturing the wolf dead or alive,” the bartender offered, taking the focus off the unfortunate storyteller.  “Anybody…?”
Amidst comments of “I’ll take a piece of that” and “You bet, count me in” a well-dressed man rose from a table in the darkest part of the room, quietly making his way over to the bar and upon reaching the scantily-dressed woman, murmured something into her ear.
The woman took in his good looks and obvious wealth and immediately nodded, hopping off the barstool quickly before he could change his mind.
She’d seldom…actually she’d never been lucky enough to attract someone of his caliber before and she wasn’t going to miss out on what could turn out to be if not a pleasurable experience at least not as disgusting as her last customer which was more the norm in her line of work.
The two left the bar together, his hand at her waist sending unaccustomed chills up and down her spine, and moved towards the sleazy motel she usually used a couple of blocks away.  She was a bit disappointed, hoping he might take her somewhere nicer, he definitely smelled of money, but she shrugged it off uncharacteristically anticipating the evening.
In the normal course of events, she’d be rattling off her prices as they made their way to the motel, but something about his demeanor kept her silent.  He had a brooding intensity about him that discouraged conversation and his oddly refined air and slightly accented voice intimidated her.
As he removed a key from his pocket, apparently having already reserved a room, she took in his strong chin, broad shoulders, and narrow hips with satisfaction.  If the night was as good as she was hoping she might even give him a discount.
Once in the room, she was unusually unsure of herself and oddly reluctant to break the silence; the whole thing had taken on a dreamlike quality she was unfamiliar with.  After a few moments of his intense gaze, she began undressing in a seductive manner but he forestalled her.
“Do not bother to remove your clothing,” he said coldly his voice changing from the coaxing tone he had used earlier to one that sent shivers of apprehension down her spine.
The woman hesitated, suddenly frightened by the strange light in the man’s intensely blue eyes.
“Do you want…?” she began falteringly.
“Lie on the bed and close your eyes.”
“The…the money…?” she ventured tentatively as she reluctantly moved to comply.
He pulled a wad of bills out of his pants pocket and threw it on the bed beside her.  
“I have more money than you could ever use,” he informed her brusquely.  “If you are still alive when I am done with you…it is all yours.”
Her eyes widened in fear and she attempted to scream as the man joined her on the bed, but it was too late.
A lifetime too late…

~ * * ~

“Where do we start?” Priscilla asked anxiously.  “He has been seen all over New York.”
“Have you noticed anything unusual about the vehicles he pursues?”
“Pickups,” she answered promptly.
“Dark blue Ford pickups,” Wolfgang elaborated.
“No one else has mentioned that.”
“Every other person on this planet thinks that this wolf is a dumb, unthinking creature and would discount any such coincidences.”
“But we know better.”
“Perhaps,” Wolfgang allowed himself a small smile.  “I have arranged to purchase a similar vehicle.”
“Smart,” Priscilla complimented thoughtfully.  “What is your plan?”
“Basically to drive around until he finds us and then lure him someplace where I can catch him.”
“That is your plan?  I take back the ‘smart’ remark,” Priscilla laughed.  “It is unlike you to be so vague.”
“If the wolf is indeed one of us there will be many unknowns and no way to plan for every eventuality.  I will have to…what is that phrase you enjoy using so much…?”
“Play it by ear,” Priscilla offered in amusement.  “You hate that phrase.”
“I have very little choice in the matter.”
“This I have to see.”
“You will…tonight.”

~ * * ~

Gar, from his vantage point in the dense undergrowth by the side of the six-lane highway, had high hopes as he spotted the pickup entering the freeway.  
As he cleared the foliage and bounded after it, gaining on it little by little, he noted that there was only one occupant but the whole cab seemed to glow with a strange kaleidoscope of swirling colors.
The pickup took the first available off-ramp and Gar followed, dazzled by the extraordinary vision never having witnessed such a glorious mixture of color, and as a result of his distraction failed to notice the quick exit of the driver through the driver’s side window until it was too late.
Although Gar had never been hit head-on by a freight train, the force that jumped from the moving vehicle and stopped him in his tracks could not have been much different as the sheer power of the collision stood him up on his hind legs and toppled him over backwards.
Gar yelped in shock and surprise as his momentum carried him into a huge tree which splintered underneath him.
Quicker than a human eye could detect, he was back on all fours baring his teeth and growling fiercely at the man standing in front of him brushing the dirt off of his suit seemingly unconcerned with the large angry beast that was threatening to attack him.
The fur covering Gar was standing on end, every nerve in his body warning him that the stranger was dangerous, and he was more frightened than he cared to admit.  The contact between them had apparently done absolutely no damage to the man…or whatever he was…so it was highly unlikely that he was human.  Gar crouched, ready to spring into action at the slightest move towards him.
“Wolfgang, you did not hurt him, did you?”
The beautiful swirl of colors from the cab of the pickup had, unnoticed by Gar, floated over to the man and the anxious voice of a very young girl seemed to come out of nowhere.
“Your concern for me is quite touching,” Wolfgang replied wryly.  “As you can see, he is unharmed and preparing to do battle.”
“Oh but you must not,” the kaleidoscope swirled toward Gar who backed away snapping and snarling.
“Priscilla,” Wolfgang said mildly “perhaps it would be better for you to keep your distance until he grows accustomed to us.”
“He can see me,” Priscilla’s voice was delighted.  “So he is not mortal…he is one of us.  I knew it!”
“I believe he is somewhat confused,” Wolfgang suggested as the wolf sat back on his haunches and cocked his head to one side eyeing them uncertainly.  “You understand what we are saying…?”
The wolf hesitated then nodded his head slowly and deliberately.
“Do you think Varian…?” Priscilla began only to be interrupted by a savage snarl.
“I believe that says it all,” Wolfgang sighed heavily.  “Can you speak?”
The wolf shook his head mournfully.
“That is inconvenient,” Wolfgang mused and at the wolf’s baleful glare he added “I apologize for the understatement,” adding as the wolf growled his displeasure “as well as my lack of consideration in uttering it.”
“You know,” Priscilla began thoughtfully “when Varian first separated me from my body I did not know how to speak without my human tongue, but now…”
“I would not imagine a wolf’s mouth is conducive to forming words.”
At that the wolf whined and lay down with his head between his paws.
“Oh look, the poor thing is…sad.”
“Well, Dog, it appears you have two choices,” Wolfgang said briskly.  “You can continue to pursue dark blue Ford pickups on your own, hoping to chance upon whomever it is that you are in search of, or you can accompany us home and we can attempt to help you learn to communicate so you can enlighten us as to your current predicament in order that we might possibly assist you in your endeavor, dependent upon of course, the final outcome you hope to achieve.”
Turning towards Priscilla, he asked, “Where is the vehicle?”
“I moved it off the road a few hundred meters from here and hid it behind some greenery.”
“We are leaving now.  I understand that we have come upon you suddenly and that you may feel the need for more time to ponder your decision so in a few days I will seek you out once more.”
“But Wolfgang…” Priscilla protested.  
“Stay with him as long as you wish,” he offered kindly.  “You know your way home.”
Gar watched Wolfgang leave with mixed feelings.  On the one hand, he was glad that the man had no intention of attempting to force him into anything while on the other it would have been relief to allow someone else to make all of the decisions for once.
“He only wants what is best for you,” the sparkling mass of color whispered softly in his ear.  
There was something soothing and restful about Priscilla.  He could tell she would be a good friend and he envied the man her companionship.  
However, the man…Wolfgang…would be a different matter.  If they were to be able to teach him to communicate with them, how would he feel about the quest Gar was determined to complete?
In a lot of ways, he reminded Gar of his father…strong, fair-minded, and kind, but also very black and white.  Wrong was wrong and right was right with very little maneuvering room in-between.  Somehow, he knew that Wolfgang would disapprove of his plan to find Fred’s murderers and kill them, but he wouldn’t…couldn’t give up his mission.  He had relinquished his humanity for that purpose, although he hadn’t realized it at the time, and was determined that his sacrifice would not be in vain.
As Wolfgang pulled out onto the service road and began accelerating towards the nearest on-ramp, Gar suddenly couldn’t be left behind.  Against his better judgment, he sprang into motion, jumping into the back of the pickup and after turning around three times, plopped down into the bed.
Although he wasn’t sure how, he could feel Priscilla’s happiness as she joined him and the man’s satisfaction from the cab of the pickup and a warm contentment spread through him…something he hadn’t felt since Fred’s death.
At least he was no longer alone.  

Chapter 17

“Concentrate, Gar…”
“I’m trying,” a voice rang out in irritation.  “Unlike you I don’t have a human mouth.  It’s not that easy.”
“Apparently it is,” Wolfgang replied wryly.  “You showed no hesitation that time.”
“Maybe that is the key,” Priscilla suggested “instead of concentrating so intensely it should be more…natural.  Like when he is angry with you.  He has no problem with his speech then.”
“That’ll be most of the time,” Gar muttered.
“He will also have to practice self-control so he does not blurt out every thought that crosses his mind,” Wolfgang pointed out mildly, totally unperturbed by Gar’s rudeness.  
“I am sure he will be fine,” Priscilla said soothingly.
“I hope so,” Wolfgang frowned as he glanced at his watch.  “I have a meeting to attend, so I must leave you.  Continue without me.  I shall return around five.”
“Why do you even have a watch?” Gar’s voice hadn’t lost any of its irritation.  “Much less bother to check it?  You know you don’t need it.”
“It is merely a prop, much as this leash will be a prop once I begin taking you out in public with me,” he held up the huge harness and leash he had purchased that morning from the local pet store.
“Oh joy,” Gar eyed the equipment dolefully.
“The decision to join us was entirely yours and you are welcome to leave at any time,” the impatience in Wolfgang’s voice uncharacteristically sharp.
“Sorry,” the wolf plopped down on the floor disconsolately.
“The butcher shop is on the way home,” Wolfgang offered generously as he shrugged into his overcoat and donned his sunglasses and hat.  “I shall see if they have a nice juicy slab of meat for you to suck on.  It has obviously been a couple of days since your last…meal…and you are beginning to show signs of…deterioration.”
As he closed the door of the penthouse behind him, there was only silence until they heard the elevator begin its descent.
“He is only trying to help you,” Priscilla sighed.
“I know,” Gar admitted reluctantly “and it worked…speaking is beginning to feel more natural.”
“But you did not wish to admit it to him.”
“Doesn’t it tick you off that he’s always right?”
“Tick me off?”
“Make you furious.”
“No…should it?”
“You’re a nicer person…or creature…or being…or whatever we are….than I am, but that’s no big surprise.”
“I am glad he is so smart.  He takes good care of me.  I am free to leave anytime I wish but I would feel so alone without him.  He is always very kind to me.”
“Yeah he’s a real saint.”
“Gar,” Priscilla reproved, “he knows you are not telling us the whole truth so if he is sometimes sharp with you it is your own fault.”
“How does he know that?” Gar blurted out.  “Wow, he’s right, I think it and I say it.  I’ll have to learn not to do that.”
“So you admit that you are not being straightforward with us?”
“I didn’t mean to admit it.”
“Why are you holding back?”
“Because I know he won’t like what I’m planning to do.”
“Which is…?”
“I don’t plan to turn Fred’s killers over to the police.”
“Wolfgang suspected it was something like that.  You know what will happen to you if you murder them, do you not?”
“The pain will be worth it as long as those murdering bas…as long as I make them suffer.”
“You have never experienced the type of agony that Wolfgang has attempted to describe to you.  It is beyond comprehension to anyone who has not been subjected to it.”
“Have you ever…?”
“Once,” Priscilla admitted reluctantly.  “I was tired of occupying only recently deceased bodies and I entered the body of a young girl who was still very much alive.”
“Did you know it was wrong while you were doing it?”
“I had asked Wolfgang about it centuries ago and he was adamant that it would be punished since I was doing something to a human without their permission and he had no desire to see me suffer in that way, but when I saw the girl she was just so…perfect…and I could not stop myself.  I was only going to stay inside of her for a few minutes…to see what it was like…”
“What happened?”
“I melded with the girl and took over her mind and it felt so…nice…to be alive again.  Then about five minutes later the body collapsed onto the ground into what Wolfgang said appeared to be a coma, but inside her I was writhing with the worst pain I had ever known.”
“Wolfgang also mentioned five minutes when he was telling me about his…punishments.  Do you think that you were given that time so you could get out again or…?”
“Even if I had escaped the body in those five minutes I still would have been punished.  Wolfgang’s theory is that the rulers of the Transcendent Realm give you the five earthly minutes in order to dread what is coming, but I do not know.  I do not like to think of the beings that are in control in that manner.  It is too cruel.”
“So what happened to the girl?”
“She lay in a coma in the hospital while I suffered through my punishment.  Wolfgang said it lasted twenty-four hours and then I was released from my punishment and I left her body as quickly as I could.  The girl woke up and it was considered a miracle.  They did all sorts of tests on the poor thing but of course found nothing wrong with her.  I have not done anything like that since.  That torture is something I never wish to go through again.”
“The pain was that bad…?”
“Yes, it was that bad.  I suffered through a lot of things before Varian took my mortal body away from me, but nothing came anywhere close to the anguish I went through that day.”
“Maybe I should rethink my plan.”
“Perhaps you should.”

~ * * ~

“Suppertime for the wolf,” Wolfgang said cheerfully placing a package on the table.
“Hmm…” Gar murmured as he eyed the wrapped meat and sniffed carefully “doesn’t smell very appetizing.”
“I could simply infuse you with human blood as I do for myself,” Wolfgang shrugged.  “You still have enough blood circulating in you from your last feed for me to be able to penetrate your skin with the needle.”
“Where’s the fun in that?  Getting jabbed with a needle but nothing to taste?”
“Sorry, but I do not think it a good idea to become accustomed to the taste of human blood.”
“Have you never tasted it?”
“Yes…long ago…before blood transfusions.  I became a physician and surgeon in order to be able to order and perform blood lettings which were the medical advice of the day, however I drank the blood as no one had even attempted anything even remotely similar to a transfusion until the seventeenth century and even then, though I was able to use it at that point, there were no true human success stories until the nineteenth century.”
“Wow...just how old are you?”
“I was born in the thirteenth century.”
“Cool!”
“If you say so.”
“So, basically, I guess you didn’t have much choice for hundreds of years.”
“I look back and wonder that I did not think of it…transfusions…I should have…but…”
“So did you ever…like…you know…pull a vampire and…?”
“Once…and paid dearly for it.”
“Did they…you know…die…?”
“No.”
“How did you…?” Gar hesitated to finish his question.
“I merely slit her finger, much like a paper cut, and…” he shrugged.
“You said you paid dearly for it…did she fight you?”
“She was asleep, therefore unaware.  I was gentle enough that she never awakened.”
“Then, if she didn’t know, why…?”
“I took that which did not belong to me.”
“Did you know when you did it that you were gonna be in trouble?”
“I suspected.”
“Then why’d ya do it?”
“It was not my intention to do so.”
“Come on, how do you accidentally suck someone’s blood?”
“I did not say it was an accident…simply that it was unintended.  I was out one night and happened by a house from which the most incredible smell was emanating.  It drew me in.  She was asleep and never knew I was there.”
“Were you…attracted to her?”
“You of all people…beings…should realize that there is nothing sexual about that particular appetite.  I have since then, in fact, discovered that I have a certain…penchant…for a specific blood type.”
“Blood type…?”
“Yes…blood type…as in O positive is the least appetizing to me, but ironically seems to be one of the most common.”
“What’s your favorite?”
“Must we discuss this?” Wolfgang asked in sudden irritation.
“How will I learn if you don’t teach me?”
“You do not wish to learn, you simply wish to satisfy your own morbid curiosity.”
“Okay, I freely admit it…I am morbidly curious…so which one is your favorite?”
“AB negative,” he replied shortly.
“Wow!  I remember our science teacher telling us that is like really hard to find.”
“He was correct,” Wolfgang replied drily.
“Priscilla said you have a business where you buy blood…”
“We take blood donors and reimburse them for their contribution,” Wolfgang interrupted abruptly “in states where it is legal to do so.” 
“So I guess you could find a lot of tasty blood if you wanted to.”
“We sell all of the useable blood, no matter the type, to hospitals and clinics,” he pointed out sharply.  “I personally only use the tainted blood that would be disposed of regardless.”
“Tainted…?”
“We run tests on every donation of blood.  Some blood would not be safe for human use.”
“But would have absolutely no effect on a vampire,” Gar laughed.
“I am not a vampire.”
“Right…not a vampire.  Do rare types of blood ever have to be discarded?”
“Seldom.”
“And it’s never a temptation for you to…you know…drink it?”
“I do not allow myself to even consider it.”
“That must have been some punishment.”
“Worse than you can possibly imagine.”
“How long were you…?”
“A day and a half…more or less,” Wolfgang shrugged.
“And it wasn’t worth it?”
“No…hence the injections…”
“I always thought a vampire’s skin was too hard to penetrate with a needle.”
“I am not a vampire any more than you are and you have seen too many movies.”
“Of course I’m not a vampire…hello…I’m a werewolf.”
“We are Transcendent beings not monsters from silly fairy tales.”
“But we live on blood…”
“Some of us do because of our…specific requests.  I wished to appear human so Varian made that possible by the use of human blood.  I need not ingest anything at all simply to survive, but in order to join mortal society and function as a human I must have blood.  You wanted the ability to track down and deal with Fred’s murderers and I am sure Varian was extremely pleased with himself and his idea of turning you into a wolf, but Priscilla has no such needs.”
“So what do you do when you’ve gone too long without blood and your skin won’t allow you to use a needle?”
“I do as you do and hunt.  However, animal blood is not as compatible for me as human blood, I develop a jaundiced appearance and become rather…hirsute…more so than is ordinary for a human, so I try not to allow that to happen.”
“Hirsute…?”
“There is a dictionary…look it up.”
“With these paws…?  Come on, have a heart.”
“My body grows more hair than I am accustomed to.”
Gar laughed and said “Yellow and hairy…that I’ve got to see.”
“I do not intend to allow it to happen any time soon.”
“You are unbelievable.  You would rather look gross and disgusting than drink human blood,” Gar said incredulously.
“My thirst for blood is…acute…when I allow myself to go too many days without it while I still have the blood circulating through my body.  My self-control is minimal at that point.  I would rather not tempt the fates by growing accustomed to the taste.  While I am inhuman, drained of all human blood, my thirst abates.  I believe Varian planned it to be thus purposely so I would be tempted to prey on humans while I walked amongst them in constant contact with them.”
“What you’re saying is, while you’re buried or whatever it is you do when you and Priscilla get tired of living with mortals, you have no desire for blood because all of the blood has left your body, but once you are back in circulation…get it…circulation…blood…I crack myself up…”
“I am glad you find my predicament fodder for your amusement,” Wolfgang interrupted drily.  “Once I am back in circulation as you so aptly put it, the blood in my body allows me to appear human, even for medical tests, but my craving for blood is also always present.  I gave into it once, in a moment of weakness, and the consequences were sufficient to render repetition unpalatable.  Are you planning on allowing the meat to rot before ingesting…?”
“Oh…no, I guess I should…”
Wolfgang proceeded to open the package of meat realizing Gar would have difficulty doing it with any hope of finesse.  
“I am sorry I failed to compliment you on overcoming your difficulty speaking earlier.  You seem to be having no problems with it now.”
“Yeah, you kind of irritated it out of me,” Gar snorted in amusement.  “Once I got the feel of it…well…it’s kinda coming naturally now.  It feels good to be able to talk again.” 
“I can imagine it would be hard for someone like you to keep quiet any length of time.”
“That’s about as funny as a…oops there I go again,” Gar said sheepishly.  “I’m still working on the difference between thinking something and saying it out loud.  That’s gonna be hard since I don’t have to use my wolf mouth to talk.  You know…I’m kinda like a ventriloquist… a wolf ventriloquist.”
“I am certain you will master it, but until you do it is probably best for you to stay indoors.  A wolf ventriloquist would raise a few eyebrows.”
“I need to be out searching for the guys who killed Fred,” Gar said as he sunk his fangs into the meat, sucking out every bit of the juice until it was nothing more than a shrunken dry unappetizing lump.
Wolfgang watched him silently, wondering how to broach the subject of his recent discoveries.
“I guess that was better than nothing,” Gar said as he licked his lips with his huge tongue.  “Wow!  That is sweet…I can talk and lick myself at the same time.”
“Something indeed worthy of celebration,” Wolfgang commented sardonically.
“Hey, you know, I’ve been wondering something.  What we were talking about earlier…about vampires and werewolves and stuff…”
“I have told you repeatedly that I am not a…”
Wolfgang halted abruptly as Gar’s four legs unexpectedly collapsed underneath him.
“Gar…”
There was no response.
Wolfgang bent down beside him and listened intently for a few moments, then straightening up, moved over towards the window and stared blindly out at the scenery, deep in concentration.
He was still standing there thirty minutes later when Priscilla returned from the errand he had requested of her.
“Wolfgang!” she exclaimed as she moved to hover over Gar’s lifeless body.  “What has happened?”
“I am not sure, but I believe he is being punished.”
“What did he do?” she asked in alarm.
“I believe it was something I did, albeit unintentionally.”
“But if you did it, why is he…?”
“To paraphrase a commonly used idiom, I led the wolf to blood…”
“The meat you planned to buy him at the butcher’s shop…?”
“Yes, it would seem so.  Five minutes after ingesting the blood from the meat Gar fell to the floor and has not moved since.”
“But you and Gar have both hunted animals for their blood before…”
“And therein lies the key, I believe.”
“What…?”
“We hunted—we did not raise and slaughter—thereby giving the animals a chance, albeit an almost non-existent chance, against us to either escape or fight back.” 
“But you purchased the meat.”
“Which brings me back to the idea that I can lead him to blood but it was his choice to drink it…therefore it is his punishment.”
“You had no knowledge of this beforehand…?”
“I see where you are going with your question, Priscilla, and while it might have crossed my mind to employ such a tactic in order to keep Gar from killing Fred’s murderers, I am fairly certain I would not have been able to purposefully cause another being the type of pain Gar is experiencing at this moment.”
“I humbly apologize…”
“There is no need, I can assure you.  However, I must say I am not looking forward to facing Gar when he comes out of his…unfortunate incarceration.  I am positive he will not be as easy to convince as you.”
“I am afraid you are right.”
“While we wait, tell me what you have discovered.”
“It does not look good for Fred…” Priscilla began.

~ * * ~

Slowly, as if awakening from a nightmare, Gar emerged from the pain-filled fog that had enveloped him for what had seemed an eternity.  Never in his life had he suffered through anything even remotely like it and he had no intention of ever subjecting himself to it again. 
He lay where he had fallen, afraid to move, wondering if it was truly over or if the gods were just teasing him.  Since he had no idea what he had done wrong, he was terrified he would do it again.
Perhaps he was being punished for treating Wolfgang so badly.  If so, he would be the soul of politeness from that point on.
Realizing he couldn’t stay there indefinitely, he opened one eye and carefully scrutinized the area around him.  
“Nice shoes,” he commented cautiously “Hadn’t noticed them before.  Expensive…?”
“How do you feel?” Priscilla asked anxiously.
“I’ve been better,” Gar lifted his head to pinpoint the swirling mass of colors that was Priscilla.  “I’m assuming that was the punishment you two have been warning me about.  How long was I out?”
“Eight hours,” Wolfgang spoke for the first time.
“I’m glad being obnoxious only rates that long.  It seemed like forever.”
“But…” Priscilla began only to be interrupted.
“You believe you were being punished for your rudeness?” Wolfgang asked with a half-smile.
“What else could it have been?” 
“If that were the case, you would have been on the floor two days ago.  Think…what were you doing five minutes before you collapsed?”
“The meat…” Gar’s voice began uncertainly but quickly turned accusatory “You gave me that meat knowing I would…”
“It was unintentional on my part,” Wolfgang interrupted.  “I have never personally ingested blood obtained from a butcher shop so I had no way of knowing the ramifications of meat that is raised for slaughter as opposed to hunting.”
“I believe you,” at Wolfgang’s start of surprise Gar continued, “no one would wish that type of pain on their worst enemy…well maybe on Varian…but he’s an exception.”
“Indeed,” Wolfgang agreed, his relief at Gar’s changed attitude obvious.  “I am truly sorry you had to go through that.”
“In a way, I’m glad.  It’ll keep me honest…that’s for sure.  I guess it’s hunting for me from now on.”
“You still have the option of injections,” Wolfgang reminded him.  “The blood was willingly given with the full realization that it might be…otherwise disposed of.”
“Maybe…in a pinch; we’ll see.  I still need to get out and look for Fred’s murderers and I can go on a hunting expedition at the same time.  Unlike you, I don’t intend to deprive my taste buds.”
“About Fred…I have been looking into his past for you and I believe I know what his dying words meant.”
Wolfgang reached over and picked a newspaper up off the table, spreading it out over the floor to enable Gar to read it.
“Notice the date…a couple of days after the shooting.”
“No way…he was FLiM3 Sports Equipment!” Gar exclaimed in surprise.  “I had one of their soccer balls until my grandmother swiped it to sell.  They’re the best.”
“He built the company from nothing…impressive,” Wolfgang commented.
Gar quickly skimmed the article and could feel his anger rising as he finished it.
“I don’t care what this says.  He would never have done something like that…money meant nothing to him…even as a hobo.  What money he had he was always giving away…even gave money every Sunday to that church he attended and was always dragging one of us to.”
“I must admit, the picture the paper paints of him does not match up with the image you have portrayed to us.  Are you sure that is the same man?” Wolfgang asked, pointing to the photo prominently displayed next to the article.
“Yep, that’s him.  I knew him for almost a year.  I knew him.  He couldn’t have stolen that money… no way.  He was setup…I know it…I just have to figure out who did it.”
“Priscilla spent most of the afternoon floating around the head office in an attempt to pick up information.”
“What did you find out?” Gar asked eagerly.
“The general feeling is that your friend was siphoning money from the company for more than a year.  His assistant found the evidence on the computer in his office,” Priscilla said apologetically.
“On the computer…” Gar repeated thoughtfully.  “Are you sure that’s what they said?” he asked eagerly.  At Priscilla’s puzzled assent, he continued with growing excitement “Now I’m sure he was setup.”
“Care to enlighten us?” 
“Fred was, in his own words, technologically challenged.  He was notoriously closed-mouthed about his former life, but I remember a conversation, the one time he relented and told me his real name, he unintentionally slipped and admitted he had a granddaughter who had to help him figure out his email.  That was more personal information than any of the others had ever gotten out of him and now I understand why.”
“So he did not know much about computers.  How does that prove his innocence?” Priscilla asked in confusion.
“I believe what Gar is saying is that in order to siphon off money for as long as Fred was purported to have done without getting caught, he would have had to possess far greater computer skills than he apparently did.”
“Exactly!  Fred was like ancient…as old as my grandmother…and didn’t understand electronics.  There is no way he had the know-how to pull something like that off.” 
“He could have had an accomplice…maybe even his granddaughter,” Priscilla offered timidly as Gar growled at her.
“I am inclined to agree with Gar.  Fred was a self-made man and self-made men are a breed apart.  There is something far wrong here.  Perhaps we should start with his assistant,” Wolfgang suggested.  “He is the one who discovered the theft.”
“Oh I get it…you mean like the one who smelt it dealt it.”
“I am unsure to what you are referring,” Wolfgang began and then held his hand up to forestall Gar’s explanation “and I would like to keep it that way, but I think I get your general drift…”
Gar burst into barking laughter.
“Something amuses you?” Wolfgang frowned in puzzlement.
“Nothing…it’s just…drift…gas…flatulence…” Gar emphasized in expectation realizing Wolfgang might have no idea what gas was…or that type anyway.
“I see…you are easily entertained.”
“Aw man, you are such a downer,” Gar complained.  “Don’t you ever laugh?  Maybe you should consider buying yourself a sense of humor since you seem to be loaded…there I go again…get it…loaded…gas…flatulence….”
“That is not fair…” Priscilla began hotly.  “How dare you…after all he’s done for you…?”
“Do not distress your self over me, Priscilla,” Wolfgang smiled.  “I am not that easily insulted.”
“I’m sorry Priscilla,” Gar said contritely.  “I didn’t mean…I mean…”
“You should be,” she huffed as she floated right through her closed bedroom door, opened it and then slammed it shut.
“Wolfgang…” Gar turned to him in appeal.
“We are three separate and distinct personalities dwelling in close quarters and there are bound to be conflicts.  I only ask that you work diligently on that tendency you have of announcing your thoughts to the world at large with such unbridled passion.  Priscilla tends to become offended for me and since I apparently bring out the worst in you…” Wolfgang trailed off, his meaning obvious.
“I’ll do my best not to offend Priscilla on your behalf,” Gar offered gravely, then added irrepressibly “I’ll wait until she isn’t around before making fun of you.”
“I heard that,” she yelled from her bedroom.
“You were meant to,” Gar hollered back as he moved towards her closed door.  “And while I have the excuse of no self-control…why is it that you, a floating mass of gas, get the second bedroom complete with bed while I have to stay out here in the living room on the couch.”
Gar opened the door with his teeth and proceeded into her room uninvited.
“As if you need to sleep,” Priscilla scoffed.  “Hey…get off my bed.  You had better not shed on my coverlet.  Wolfgang, will you come get this lout out of my room.”
“Sorry…I fear I must pass on that offer…and before you make some type of connection between pass and flatulence,” Wolfgang paused to allow Gar’s fit of laughter to fade before continuing, “I bid you both adieus.  You two are on your own for a while,” Wolfgang informed them as he donned his hat and coat, checking his reflection in the mirror to ascertain that he looked presentably human before sliding his sunglasses into position.  “I shall return in a couple of hours.”
“Wolfgang,” Gar appeared in the bedroom doorway “do you think maybe you could…you know…get me a computer?”
“You miss it,” Priscilla floated over Gar’s back, stroking his fur obviously having forgiven him for his earlier ribbing.
“Yeah, talking about all that stuff…it just made me realize how much.”
“Would you be able to work one, with your paws and all?” Priscilla asked doubtfully.
“I suppose not,” Gar turned back into the room dejectedly.  “Forget it.”
Wolfgang, who had remained silent throughout the exchange, smiled at Priscilla and winked as he let himself out of the penthouse.
Priscilla chuckled quietly as she moved back into her room to join the despondent wolf.
“I told you to get off my bed, you big hairy monster.”
“Make me.”
“Okay…you asked for it.”

Chapter 18

“May I help you?” the receptionist asked as she hung up the phone and began scribbling a message on the pink notepad. 
“I am here to see Douglas Finch.”
“Junior or Senior?” she asked absently.
“Senior,” Wolfgang answered promptly, the slight hesitation as he made his decision—not realizing there were two of them—going unnoticed by the preoccupied receptionist.
“Name, please…”
“Wolfgang von Jaeger.”
“Hmm…I believe he is in a meeting right now…if you’ll have a seat…” she waved vaguely towards the waiting area behind Wolfgang as the phone rang.  “Sadler, Finch, and McCray; may I help you?”
Wolfgang’s attention was arrested by an argument in progress in what was obviously one of the secluded offices towards the rear of the complex.  He had already ascertained that the front glassed-in cubicles were simply junior associates and therefore of no interest to him and had blocked out their irrelevant conversations focusing on the richly carpeted hallway behind the reception desk that no doubt led to the partners’ offices.
As he moved towards one of the leather chairs, Wolfgang casually picked up a magazine off the coffee table and sat thumbing quietly through it while he eavesdropped on the heated discussion raging in the back.
“…trust Aaron any further than I could throw him.  I’ve already suggested to the partners that we drop him.”
“You’re a fool, Old Man,” a younger voice scorned.  “He brings in more money for us than any of your other stuffed-shirt clients…and you have no proof that he was in any way involved.”
“If I had proof he’d be behind bars…but I don’t need proof to dump him…just a gut feeling and my gut is saying he’s dirty.”
“Just because you caught him with…”
“I don’t want to talk about that,” Mr. Finch shuttered.  “I don’t even want to think about it.”
“You’re living in the Dark Ages…affairs aren’t any big deal.”
“So if I were to cheat on your mother you’d be fine with that?”
“You’re cheating on Mom?  How could you, you old hypocrite?  She…”
“I am not cheating on your mother…and I wouldn’t…ever…but I believe I just proved that you are the one being hypocritical.”
There was silence for a moment before the elder Finch continued.
“We aren’t letting Aaron go because of his indiscretions…I have another…client…and keeping Aaron would mean a conflict of interest…”
“What do you mean another client?”
“I am not at liberty to discuss the case with you, but the partners and I are all in agreement over this issue.”
“Dump him and I go with him,” the younger man warned.  “In fact, that sounds like a good idea.  I’m sure Aaron would be more than happy to pay me to head up a legal department.”
“Then you have another job to go to…wonderful…consider yourself fired as of this moment.”
“Wait…you can’t do that…the partners…”
“As I said, we are all in agreement.  The partners will be ecstatic to see the back of you…they’ve only put up with you until now because of me and I have no intention of forcing you on them any longer.  Too bad you didn’t realize I would call your bluff.  Get your things and get out.”
“Mom isn’t going to…”
“Your mother has nothing whatsoever to do with this firm.  You are welcome to go crying to her, but I guarantee that it will net you exactly nothing.”
“Fine…I’m out of here.  This law firm is a dinosaur…a relic from the dark ages…and will die when you three do.”
“I’d rather it die than see it ruined by an unconscionable demon like you.”
The door slammed and Wolfgang could hear the younger Finch standing outside the office he had just exited, breathing hard and muttering, “I’ll show you.  You’ll regret this…I swear you will, you…”
He broke off and took a few deep breaths as he realized he would have to calm down enough to face the people in the outer offices.
Wolfgang watched as the young man appeared, under control and smiling pleasantly.
“Linda,” he addressed the receptionist “I need the Master’s file.  Would you mind getting that for me?”
“I believe your father has it in his office,” Linda’s brow knitted in concern.  “Should I ask him for it?”
“No, that’s alright, he must have simply forgotten about it.  I’ll get it later.  Cancel all of my appointments for the day…something has come up.”
While the two of them were chatting, Wolfgang moved out into the hallway and made a phone call, all the while keeping one ear tuned to the conversation.
As the younger Finch moved past him on the way to the elevators, Wolfgang returned to the lobby.  
The receptionist was, once more, on the phone, but she waved him towards her and covering the receiver with her hand whispered, “Mr. Finch will see you now.  Down the hallway, make a left and first door on your right.  Yes, I understand…” she spoke into the phone.
Wolfgang unhurriedly made his way to Douglas Finch’s office.
The door was open, and Mr. Finch, Sr. greeted Wolfgang with a warm handshake, inviting him into his office offering a chair and a drink before Wolfgang could even utter a sound.
Wolfgang politely declined the drink, although he could have downed the whole decanter of brandy without any effect whatsoever, and both men took their seats, Mr. Finch behind his rather large, expensive, mahogany desk and Wolfgang in an extremely comfortable leather chair facing him.  The eyes of the two men met, one questioning, the other searching.
“This is indeed an honor, Mr. Jaeger.”
“That is very kind of you, Mr. Finch.”
“To what do I owe the honor of this visit?”
“I need your help,” Wolfgang stated simply. 
He had not intended to lay all of his cards on the table, in fact he had, uncharacteristically, had no specific plan in mind at all since he had been unsure what he would find, but the overheard conversation when put together with the character of the man in front of him evidenced by the firm handshake and the straightforward and honest manner in which he met Wolfgang’s eyes had convinced him that the direct approach would be best.
There were, of course, many things he would not be able to tell Mr. Finch, but what he could tell him would be enough to start with. 
“In what way may I be of assistance?”
“First I would like to retain you as counsel in a personal capacity in order to invoke attorney/client privilege.  We can arrange payment in any form you wish…”
“The money matters you and I will leave for those whose job it is to worry about such things.  As of ten seconds ago, you became my client.”
“You are extremely trusting.”
“Not usually, but your reputation precedes you.  I am happy to be of service in any way I can.”
“Perhaps you should withhold judgment until you know what I am asking of you.”
“I am all ears.”
“I wish to clear the name of Fred Masters.”
The man behind the desk could not have looked more shocked if a king cobra had suddenly appeared in front of him.
Slowly Mr. Finch recovered his equilibrium, but the amicable smile was gone, wiped from his face as if it had never been.
“I am not at liberty to discuss one of my clients, whether deceased or not, with…”
“You misunderstand me,” Wolfgang interrupted abruptly.  “I am not asking for information, I am here to provide information.”
“What information?” 
“Mr. Masters had a…pet.”
“He what…?  I don’t know anything about a pet.  What kind of pet?”
“He was a stray of sorts…whom Mr. Masters watched over for about a year before he was killed.”
Cautiously choosing his words, Wolfgang strongly suspecting that lying was frowned upon in the Transcendent Realm and he was unwilling to risk punishment in front of Mr. Finch. Gar had indeed been a stray and Fred had taken him under his wing…there was no doubt about any of that.
Wolfgang had long ago discovered that eavesdropping, which was not only passive but was also unavoidable with his extraordinary hearing was thankfully not a punishable offense, but spreading untruths was active and, however small, was most probably frowned upon.  Since he had no desire to test his theory on lying, he always scrupulously attempted to refrain from any appearance of prevarication.  
“Fred never mentioned a dog,” Mr. Finch said suspiciously.
Not so enamored of my reputation now, Wolfgang thought ruefully.
“Could someone have followed you to one of your meetings with Fred this past year?”
“No one knew where Fred was…how could I have met with him?”
“You just admitted to having spoken with him.”
“I did…?” comprehension came slowly as he repeated “I did…”  He raised tired eyes to meet mine.  “The pet thing was simply a ruse to get me to admit to it…”
“No, Gar does exist, I assure you.  You believed in Fred, that he was innocent, did you not?”
The slump of the attorney’s shoulders showed more clearly than words the defeat that was overwhelming him.
“Yes,” he sighed heavily.
“Did anyone else know where he was living?”
“I didn’t even know.  We always met someplace…neutral.”
“Somehow another person found out and it resulted in his death.”
“Are you sure the two things are related?  The police believe it was coincidental.”
“All of the other victims died instantly, but Fred was gut-shot as if someone wanted him to suffer.  You tell me.”
“You are right of course, but how do you prove any of this?  There were no witnesses and they haven’t caught the people responsible…I doubt they ever will.”
“Gar,” Wolfgang stated emphatically.
“The dog…?”
“He was there.”
“How do you know that?”
“The police stumbled upon him after the murders, but he ran away.  He is living with me now and I believe he has the scent of the men who killed Fred.”
“A dog’s testimony will hardly stand up in a court of law,” Mr. Finch smiled tiredly.
“All we have to do is identify the men; the police should be able to handle it from there.”
“How do we find them?  I haven’t been able to come up with anything.”
“I am working numerous angles, but it is my belief, as Mr. Masters was technologically incompetent, that someone inside his company set him up.”
“I, too, have regrettably reached that conclusion.”
“Do you think his sons are capable of such a thing?”
“I don’t want to believe it, but…yes I’m afraid I do…Aaron anyway.”
“And your son…?”
“I pray every night that he isn’t involved, but I have no definitive answer to give you.”
“I hope for your sake that he is not complicit.”
“I hope for my wife’s sake that he isn’t.  It would destroy her.”
“Can I count on your cooperation?”
“What type of cooperation?”
“I would rather keep a low profile…”
“You…a low profile…?”
“I do not wish to become involved in any official capacity…therefore you may have to step in when dealing with the police, for example.”
“And how would that work, exactly?”
“I am not certain what that would entail at this point, but it might be as simple as reporting an ‘anonymous’ tip to the police.  If you feel you can not help me, I understand and will not hold it against you.”
“I must drop them as clients of the firm, which I was planning to do anyway, before I can in good conscience help you, but yes, for the first time I have a glimmer of hope that perhaps we can bring Fred’s killers to justice and clear his name.”
“Do we assume your son is innocent…?”
“No…for once in my life I am going to presume someone is guilty until proven innocent.  That will lessen the blow if we discover he was complicit.”
“Thank you for your objectivity.  I realize how difficult this must be for you.”
“No, thank you…for asking; that was very considerate.”
Wolfgang stood and the two men shook hands.
“Here’s my card with my cell number in case you need to reach me no matter the time…day or night.”
Wolfgang nodded as he turned to leave then stopped at the door to inquire “May I ask you a question on an entirely different subject?”
“Of course…although I may not be able to answer it,” Finch smiled ruefully.
“Understood…Where is the best place to purchase a computer?”
“I would have thought you would know better than I…your corporation owns some sort of computer company doesn’t it?”
“One of our subsidiaries does manufacture computer hardware however I have never needed to utilize the services of a retailer before now.  I find myself in need of a laptop and I am rather short on time.”
“I’m sorry I can’t be of assistance, but I am the last person to ask about computers.”
“Yours appears to be top-of-the-line,” Wolfgang gestured towards the table where the machine sat alone and silent, distinctly out of place in the lushly furnished office.
“If you say so,” the attorney eyed the computer malevolently.  “Ask the receptionist…I’m sure she’ll know as I believe she recently purchased a laptop for her eldest son.  I certainly have no idea.”
“Thank you.  I shall be in touch.”
As Wolfgang closed the door he heard Finch mumble rather sadly “That’s what I’m afraid of.”
“Interesting,” Wolfgang murmured quietly as he headed towards the reception area.
	~		~		~		~	
“Cool!  Voice activated…I should have thought of that,” Gar shook his shaggy head in self-disgust.
“I can help you when you need it,” Priscilla offered eagerly “and you can teach me how to use one.”
“You’ve been—and I use this term loosely—alive how long…?  And you have no idea how to use a computer?”
“The last time we were ‘alive’ there were no such things,” Priscilla defended herself “and I had no reason to learn before now.”
“Excuses, excuses…” Gar teased.  “I don’t mean to complain or anything, Wolfie, but a desktop would have been a lot more powerful than this laptop is.”
“My name is Wolfgang, and yes I did consider a desktop, but in our current situation I decided that portability was more important than power.  A desktop is a possibility for later.”
“Okay…I guess I can limp along with this one for a while.”
“One does not simply ‘limp along’ with a two thousand dollar laptop,” Wolfgang noted in displeasure.
“I was kidding, man…lighten up.”
“What did you find out, Priscilla?”
“Thanks to your phone call, I made it to the office building in plenty of time to follow Douglas Junior.”
“Where did he go?”
“Not where you expected…at least not until later…after his rendezvous…”
“Rendezvous…?”
“He was headed towards the FLiM3 corporate headquarters, but he stopped at a ritzy apartment complex about a block away.”
“And…?”  Wolfgang prompted patiently.
“He took the elevator all the way to the penthouse suite.”
“I would not have thought a junior associate would be able to afford such accommodations.”
“They were not his accommodations,” Priscilla said impishly.  “They were hers.”
“Whose?”
“The most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and that is saying a lot since I have lived a long…”
“Cut to the chase, Kid…who’s the woman?” Gar interrupted impatiently.
“She is his mistress.”
“I’d have thought snooping and spying would have gotten you the ‘dreaded punishment’,” Gar said sarcastically.
“I did not spy or snoop,” Priscilla defended herself indignantly.  “I was in a public hallway with as much right to be there as anyone else.  As soon as she opened the door he was all over her…kissing and hugging her.  He was upset about being fired and was looking for comfort.”
“The woman’s name…?” Wolfgang prompted.
“Leticia Morgan,” Priscilla announced proudly.
“You have done well, Priscilla.”
“Yeah, if you could just learn how to tone down the drama queen bit you’d be gold,” Gar taunted.
“Since you are unable to see me, I wish you to know that I am sticking my tongue out at you,” Priscilla returned pertly.
“I’m crushed…crushed I tell you…”
“Here is the key to our wireless internet,” Wolfgang interrupted placing a piece of paper in front of him.  “As soon as you get it set up find whatever you can on the lawyers, both junior and senior, Leticia Morgan, Fred’s family, and the assistant who made the discovery.”
“What’s the network name…I’m sure in a building like this there’ll be a lot of them.”
Wolfgang paused for a moment then said shortly “Wilhelmina.”
“How do you spell…?” Gar began but Wolfgang was already out the door.

Chapter 19

“So Fred has two sons, Aaron and Thomas, both married…each has only one kid.  Aaron is the oldest and he’s taken over the whole shebang.  I’d say that makes him suspect numero uno.”
“How old are Fred’s grandchildren?”
“Aaron’s kid is about to be eighteen and Thomas’ just turned sixteen.”
“And the wives…?”
“Aaron’s wife is a real winner,” Gar offered sarcastically “a bottomless money pit.  She spends her days shopping or hanging out at the spa or country club…lots of gossip about her and her affairs, too…latest one with her tennis instructor, kinda clichéd I thought…but since Aaron apparently keeps a surprise mistress on the side…”
“Many wealthy men keep such arrangements; that is hardly surprising.”
“The arrangement is not the surprise…the mistress is…”
“Now who is being a drama queen?” Priscilla interjected scornfully.
“That’s drama king to you Prissy.”
“That is Priscilla to you, you nitwit…now get on with the story.”
“What’s with you two and contractions…or lack of…I suppose I should say.  It saves time you know, and…”
“The surprise mistress…?” Wolfgang interrupted impatiently.
“Alright, alright…Aaron’s surprise mistress is none other than Priscilla’s own discovery…Leticia Morgan.”
“Interesting…” Wolfgang murmured thoughtfully.
“That’s it?  That’s all?  Just ‘interesting’…no double takes or wow’s or anything…?”
“Wow,” Wolfgang repeated absently.
“You’re really a downer…you know that?”
“Admit it…you are just not as good a storyteller as I am,” Priscilla piped up.
“What about the other one…Thomas…what did you find out about his wife?
“Talk about your letdown…” Gar snorted in disgust.  At Wolfgang sardonic look he continued “No one seems to know much about her…she keeps a pretty low profile.”
“Interesting…”
“And again with the ‘interesting’…okay, I give up…your turn…what did you find out from your ‘reliable source’?”
“There are two possibilities as far as hired guns go since this was obviously not a professional job.  Two gangs, which are known for that type of thing, have possession of the same type of vehicle used by the killers.  I thought you and I would check them out tonight.”
“I’m game,” Gar replied enthusiastically.
“What about me?” Priscilla asked eagerly.
“I have another job for you…actually two jobs.”
“Whatever you need, I am…what did you say…game, too.”
“And of course she’ll get a ‘way to go’ ‘good job’ ‘well done’ even if she fails while all I get is ‘interesting’.”
“I would like for you to have a look at the FLiM3 file in Douglas Senior’s office if at all possible.  Do not put yourself in a position to be punished, but see what you can do.”
“The second job…?”
“Keep a close eye on Leticia Morgan.  The fact that she is involved with two possible suspects is…”
“Suspect…?” Gar supplied laughingly.
“Indeed…suspect,” a glimpse of answering humor showed briefly in Wolfgang’s eyes before disappearing completely.  “On your way,” Wolfgang smiled tenderly at Priscilla “and remember…tread with great caution.”
“Telling a mass of gas to ‘tread’,” Gar laughed “that’s rich.”
“I will,” she promised totally ignoring Gar as she floated through the door.
Wolfgang turned back to Gar all business.
“You realize that these leads may turn out to be dead ends.”
“We have to do something.  Fred’s been gone almost a month now and the trail is getting colder every day.”
“You are certain you will be able to pick out their scents…?”
“There were only a handful of odors that I didn’t recognize when I went back to the camp the next day in ‘wolf form’ and I’m sure none of the policemen or EMT’s that were at the scene will be hanging out with the bad guys unless they’re a bad guy, too.  I’ll know ‘em when I smell ‘em.”
“Tonight then…if you will excuse me I have some work to catch up on in the office…I shall return before midnight.”
“Will you turn into a pumpkin if you don’t?”
The door closing firmly behind him was Wolfgang’s only answer.
Realizing Wolfgang would still be able to hear him he muttered, “A pumpkin would be an improvement” and was gratified to hear a soft chuckle as the elevator doors whirred shut.

~ * * ~

“Do you recognize any of the scents?”
“No…I think we have the wrong place.”
“That is a definite possibility, however we will not know for certain until we check the inside of the building.”
“How do we play this?”
“We simply walk up to the front door and knock.  They will invite us in and we strike up a conversation.  At least I do…you remain mute and surreptitiously sniff each one of them.”
“For all practical purposes, I’m a dog…I don’t have to surreptitiously do anything.”
“A valid point…you have my permission to omit the surreptitious part.”
“Your generosity knows no bounds.  You do realize these guys are hardened criminals who will probably shoot first and ask questions later…?”
“You do realize that we are bulletproof.”
“But do we want to advertise that fact?  You are fairly well-known and, not that I’m tooting my own horn or anything, I’ve made quite a splash in the community what with being on TV and all.”
“Hmm…another valid point, however, I have a simple solution.”
“Oh…?  Do tell…”
“I shall wear a mask.”
“And what if they decide to rip it off you?”
“I shall not allow it,” Wolfgang replied simply.
“Okay…bully for you…but what about me? I doubt a mask is gonna help me much.”
“Well I did ponder the wisdom of buying you a donkey costume, but I decided against it…not wishing to make you into any more of an ass than you already are.”
“Wow, you do have a sense of humor…too bad you’re not funny.”
“I suppose that is a matter of opinion.”
“Yeah, well, yours doesn’t count.  People who think they’re funny usually aren’t.”
“My sentiments exactly,” Wolfgang replied wryly as he pulled on a ski mask.  “Come…it is time.”

~ * * ~

“Didn’t take long for them to throw us out of there,” Gar growled in irritation as Wolfgang removed his mask.  “Why didn’t you let me show them what they were really up against?”
“There was no need…mission accomplished…these are obviously not the men for whom we search.”
“You know, it was kinda funny.”
“What was funny?”
“The way you, to borrow your word from earlier, surreptitiously about broke that guy’s hand when he tried to take your mask off and then doubled over in fake pain when that other dude punched you in the stomach.…and neither one wanted to admit to being in agony.”
“Well, I must say your yelp was quite convincing when that rather rotund gentleman kicked you,” Wolfgang offered generously.
“You mean that fat dude…?  Yeah…I heard his toe bones cracking,” Gar laughed.  “So, on to the next one…?”
“Yes, perhaps we shall have better luck there.”
As soon as Gar jumped down from the pickup cab his excitement was obvious.
“They’re here!” he exulted.  “I smell them!  Finally sweet, sweet justice…so what now…?”
“I have a plan…”
“Great,” Gar interrupted eagerly “never had a doubt…what is it?”
“You will remember, of course, the conversation where I explained how animal blood affected me…?”
“Yeah, yeah, I remember, all that ‘her suit’ stuff…”
“Hirsute…”  
“Whatever…what does that have to do with anything?”
“I have a theory…not proven you understand…but I feel that the time has come to test it.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Gar growled irritably.  “Are we going in or what?”
“Yes, we are going in, but as I said before this is a matter for the police and…”
“What…?  You can’t call the police now…we are so close…and besides we don’t have any proof.”
“If you would kindly allow me to finish…” Wolfgang said pointedly.
“Fine…finish…but hurry it up.”
“I plan to elicit information as well as a confession out of the men responsible for Fred’s death so they can be tried and convicted in a court of law.”
“Oh right, they’re just gonna pour their hearts out to you.”
“I believe they will.”
“Even if they do, once the police get here they’ll just clam up again and then some fast-talking lawyers will get in on the act and those thugs will end up getting away with murder…Fred’s murder.”
Wolfgang reached behind the seat and pulled out a small case.  Setting it on the seat a cloud of white mist escaped as he opened it and pulled out a sixty milliliter syringe already filled with a red substance.
“What’re you planning to do with that?” Gar asked suspiciously.
“Inject you,” Wolfgang replied as he approached Gar.
“What is it?”
“Human blood…we are about to enter new territory.”
“What’re you trying to do…turn me back into a human?”
“Not exactly,” Wolfgang replied absently as he inserted the needle into Gar’s flank.
“Okay, you poked me…now what?”
“Now I inject myself with animal blood.”
“Wait a minute…I think I get it.  You’re trying to turn us into werewolves, aren’t you?”
“We are not werewolves…however, they will not realize that,” Wolfgang answered as he plunged the syringe into his own arm.
“Ah…the fear factor…gotta love that.  Do you think it’ll work?”
“I know what will happen to me…the question is will human blood have any effect on you?”
“How long do we wait?”
“Not long…as you can see my arms are already lengthening and I am yellowing and sprouting new hair.”
“Oh yeah…you’re looking pretty gross.  That was quick…whoa, what’s going on?”
As Wolfgang watched dispassionately, Gar’s back legs began to grow and eventually reached the point where he was no longer able to remain on all fours.  He pushed himself upright and Wolfgang could see his face clearly in the light from the surrounding streetlamps.
“It worked…your face has changed shape and you have lost a good deal of hair.”
Gar held his arms out in front of him “This is sweet!”
“Hmm…I failed to take into account your lack of attire,” Wolfgang smiled drily.  “You are taking on more human characteristics than expected.”
“Oh wow, that is definitely x-rated.  You got any clothes I can borrow?”
Wolfgang took off his shirt, revealing massive amounts of dark hair on his chest and back.
“Twin werewolves…how cool is…”
“You can use this,” Wolfgang interrupted, handing him the shirt.
“Are you blind?  That’s not the part that needs covering.”
“Be creative or be naked…your choice.  I am going in.”
“Hey, wait for me,” Gar said as he threw the shirt on the ground and followed.  “Be creative or be naked says the clothed werewolf,” he muttered under his breath.   
Wolfgang knocked on the huge steel door of the warehouse and they could both hear it echoing through the building.
“Look…I don’t mean to be critical or anything…”
“Which of course means that you do,” Wolfgang interjected mildly.
“…but we’re werewolves and they’re killers, and you’re just gonna knock like we’ve come for tea or something.”
“It is the polite thing to do.”
“Polite…?  I’ll show you how I feel about polite…” Gar snarled as he reached for the door.
“I shall see you after your punishment,” Wolfgang offered calmly.
“Punishment…?” Gar paused uncertainly.
“Breaking and entering…I am fairly certain that would be considered against the rules.”
“But these guys are criminals…murderers…surely…”
“If you wish to test the powers that be, by all means do so.”
“Aw, man…” Gar was interrupted by the sound of a small panel in the door sliding back revealing two suspiciously narrowed black eyes.
The light from the streetlamp was shining directly in the man’s face and, just as Wolfgang had suspected, he would not be able to see them clearly until it was too late.
“What,” an impatient, slightly accented, tobacco-roughened voice demanded.
“We wish to see your leader on a matter of grave importance.”
“What matter of grave importance?” the voice mocked.
“I have a friend here…perhaps you know him…Benjamin Franklin,” a bill had suddenly appeared in Wolfgang’s hand and he held it up for the truculent guard to see.  “If not, I would be most happy to introduce you.”
As the sound of bolts shooting back echoed in the building Gar murmured “Ben makes friends very easily.”
“Indeed…is he one of the killers?”
“No.”
“Then we shall follow your nose and see where it leads.”
“Cool.”
The guard wasn’t looking at anything but Ben as the two entered as he greedily tucked the bill into his front pants pocket. 
As he looked up for the first time, he sputtered “What the…?” and reached for the pistol tucked into the waistband of his torn and dirty jeans.
Gar’s growl cut the guard off and his newly acquired five-fingered hand quickly relieved the shocked man of his gun.
Wolfgang placed his hairy hand on the man’s shoulder, a shoulder that suddenly seemed to be shaking uncontrollably, and gave Gar the nod.  
Gar moved swiftly towards a set of rickety old wooden stairs that led down into the lower levels of the warehouse then turned to Wolfgang questioningly.  At his nod, Gar quickly began descending into the bowels of the building.
At the bottom of the stairs it was obvious that the rather large, untidy room was the gang’s base.  The old, worn couches and arm chairs were filled with limp bodies smoking pot, and no one even noticed the new arrivals.  
Empty beer bottles littered the floor along with old pizza boxes and discarded Chinese takeout containers.  The overly sensitive noses of both Wolfgang and Gar wrinkled involuntarily at the distinct odor of marijuana in the air mixing unpleasantly with unwashed bodies and moldy leftovers.
“Have you identified the culprits?”
“That guy’s one of them,” Gar pointed with his rediscovered index finger at a Latino in his early twenties who was sprawled across one of the couches, a scantily-dressed and unconscious female form lying spread-eagled on top of him.
From the look of things the two had been in the middle of making out, but both had been either too stoned or too drunk—or possibly both—to finish.
“And…that one over there,” he indicated the only figure in the room that was actually moving…he was bent over the arm of the chair he was sitting in vomiting up the revolting contents of his stomach.  “Chinese food doesn’t seem to agree with him,” Gar noted in some amusement “Probably because it was two day old Chinese food when he ate it.”
“General hygiene does not appear to be high on their list of priorities.”
The man Wolfgang was restraining finally found his voice and began yelling “Hombre lobo…hombre lobo…” over and over again.
The splayed figures began to show some signs of movement as Gar strode over to the weak-stomached murderer and jerked him out of his chair by his collar.
“Who hired you to kill Fred?”
The man hadn’t been able to see anyone or anything clearly through the drunken/stoned haze clouding his eyes, but coming face to face with a werewolf was too much for him.  His eyes widened in terror and his whole body began to quiver in fear.
“Lob hombre…lob hombre…” he mumbled.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah I get it…lob hombre…I’m gonna ask nicely one more time…who paid you to kill Fred?”
A couple of the others were stirring and as they took in the scene—two of their own held captive by a couple of werewolves—they began scrambling for their weapons.
“Great…here come the bullets,” Gar sighed in resignation.  “Are you sure we’re bulletproof.”
“I have never actually tested the theory…” Wolfgang shrugged philosophically.
“You’ve never…now you tell me…?” 
“If it makes you feel any better, I am ninety-nine percent certain that we are indestructible.”
“No, surprisingly enough that doesn’t make me feel any better.”
“Protect your captive.”
“What…?”
“Turn your back on the bullets now.”
As Wolfgang finished speaking, a barrage of bullets assaulted them.
“Oh damn, he’s been hit.”
“How badly…?”
“He’s dead,” Gar said in disgust as he tossed the body towards a couple of the shooters, the bullets riddling the corpse in the air spraying blood in all directions.  “You couldn’t have mentioned that a few seconds earlier.”
“Pardon me for crediting you with more sense than you apparently possess.  Retrieve the other one.  I shall silence the weapons.”
As Gar, ignoring the bullets bouncing off of him, moved purposefully towards the man who had finally awakened and was desperately trying to push the unconscious girl off of him, Wolfgang released the guard he had been shielding from the bullets and strolled towards the nearest shooter.
“May I?” Wolfgang asked politely with outstretched hand as the man tried once more to put a bullet in him at point blank range.  Wide-eyed in fear, he gingerly placed the useless weapon into Wolfgang’s hands.  “Thank you,” he said as he removed the clip and tossed it behind some crates in the far corner of the room, courteously handing the empty weapon back.
As Wolfgang turned to attend to the next shooter, the man behind him lifted his returned gun and brought it down hard on Wolfgang’s head.  The weapon broke in half and both pieces clattered loudly to the ground.
Finally struck with the realization that he couldn’t win, the terrified shooter turned towards the stairs, no doubt hoping to escape unscathed.  
Wolfgang clicked his tongue at him as he pushed him down into a nearby chair.
“Perhaps it would be a better use of your time to sit and ponder the wisdom of choosing a life of crime.”
After Wolfgang had successfully disarmed every man there in like manner, with the exception of a few quiet whimpers, silence reigned supreme.
Gar had the only living suspect by the back of the collar and was holding him a foot above the floor slowly choking him to death with his own clothing.
“I am certain more information would be forthcoming if the man were allowed to breathe,” Wolfgang pointed out mildly.
After a moment’s hesitation Gar reluctantly released his captive who promptly began gasping and wheezing as the breath return to his lungs.
“Do you speak English?” Wolfgang asked calmly.
The man managed to nod.
“Who hired you to kill the homeless man?”
At the man’s confused look Wolfgang clarified “Vagabundo… Hombre sin hogar…Who paid you money to kill him?”
A voice from under the stairs answered in only slightly accented English “We do not know who it was…it was all done online and anonymously.”
Gar turn towards the interloper asking truculently “Who’re you?”
“I am El Jefe…The Boss…”
“I know what el jefe means,” Gar replied in irritation.
“Where is the computer that was used for the transaction?” Wolfgang asked.
“In my office…are you as indestructible as you appear?”
Wolfgang nodded as Gar cockily added “Yep.”
“Silver bullets…wolfs bane…?”
“Old wives tales…” Wolfgang offered apologetically.
“So opposing you would be futile…”
Wolfgang shrugged.
“What exactly do you want?”
“The man…or woman…who hired you for the job…”
“I am afraid giving you that information would be stupid as well as bad for business.”
“The death of you and your…employees…would be bad for business.”
“True, but as I said before, we have no idea who ordered the hit.”
“May we see your computer?”
“Polite werewolves who know how to use a computer…?  Will wonders never cease?”
“We’ve got a lot of time on our hands,” Gar growled.
“The computer is in my office under the stairs…help yourself.”
“Do you think he’s being just a bit too agreeable?” Gar murmured out of the side of his mouth as they entered El Jefe’s office.
“Hmm…yes…I fear he is planning something.”
“No matter what it is, I don’t think it’s gonna hurt us.”
“That is true, however it might destroy the computer and all of the data stored on it.”
“Good point…” Gar conceded as they reached the desk.
“There will be very little time to deal with whatever El Jefe has planned for us so, since we only have five minutes to reach the pickup after I disconnect the computer,” Wolfgang noted calmly as he unplugged the cables from the unit “I suggest we go straight up.”
“What does that mean…five minutes…and straight up…?  Hey, what’re you doing?” Gar asked incredulously as he watched Wolfgang tuck the tower under his arm.
“Do you hear that?”
“Sounds kinda like a missile…”
“Jump…”
Gar was slightly behind Wolfgang as he pushed off from the ground as hard as he could, his momentum carrying him straight up and through the ceiling of the small office, the explosion beneath their feet giving them the lift they needed to smash their way through the top of the warehouse.  There was barely enough time for them to land on the roof before another, larger explosion, rocked the building catapulting them off the top of the structure.
“Guess he was so busy trying to get rid of the evidence he forgot he had other exploding stuff lying around,” Gar yelled as they hurtled through the air.  
Gar and Wolfgang, computer still tucked safely under one arm, landed lightly on their feet behind the warehouse.
“Man!  That was a rush…let’s do it again.”
“I must transport this unit safely to the vehicle and you should retrieve my shirt…the clock is ticking.”
“What clock is ticking?”
“I have just committed a crime…do you suppose the powers-that-be are pre-disposed to overlook my transgression?”
“You’d better get to the pickup fast…I’ll find the shirt.”
Within twenty seconds, the two, unit safely seat-belted between them, were well on their way back to the apartment.
“Don’t you think a seatbelt is a bit of overkill for a computer?”
“Depends on how lucky you are feeling,” Wolfgang answered absently as he reached over the seat for his case and opened it.
“Pretty damn lucky, I guess.  We found the killers who are all probably dead after those secondary explosions, we have important evidence in our hot little hands, and I’m rediscovering just how cool it is to have hands…a good night all around.  Why do you ask?”
As Wolfgang extracted a syringe full of blood and injected himself, he noted casually “Because I had an accomplice tonight and that accomplice is currently driving this vehicle.  I am simply hoping the seatbelt will keep the tower safe in the event of a crash.”
Without a word, Gar floored it.

Chapter 20

“It’s been ten minutes…I guess we’re safe,” Gar sighed in relief as Wolfgang entered the apartment, computer tower in hand.  “Maybe stealing from criminals isn’t as bad you thought it was.”
“My theory is that we suffered no repercussions because El Jefe gave us carte blanche to do as we pleased,” Wolfgang replied absently as he placed the tower on the desk.
“How do you figure?”
“He said, and I quote, “Help yourself.”
“Yeah, but he didn’t mean it.”
Wolfgang shrugged, “As I said, it is a theory.”
“Well, I’m just glad not to have to go through that punishment again.”
“I am in complete agreement.”
“But you were willing to…why?”
“Varian once told me that there was no true justice in the human realm and over the centuries I have to admit that is frequently the case, but that does not mean we should not attempt to right a wrong.”
“You believe me…that Fred was innocent?”
“Does that surprise you?”
“You’ve just never said anything about…”
“I assumed my active participation denoted belief.”
“Well sometimes you’re kinda hard to read.”
“I apologize for that and will attempt to be more forthcoming in the future.”
“Great…so do you mind if I ask you something?”
“You may ask…” Wolfgang conceded in amusement.
“Yeah, yeah, I get it…you might not answer.  Anyway…since you brought him up…about Varian…I told you my story, after I learned how to talk…but you seldom mention him or how you came to be…how you are.”
“My history is irrelevant to the present and the future…yours, however, was of paramount importance in assisting us in our quest for the truth surrounding Fred’s murder.”
“So you’re not going to tell me.”
“Perhaps someday…”
“If I’m a good little doggie and do what I’m told?” Gar asked sarcastically.
“Are you suggesting that is a future possibility?”
“Probably not,” Gar conceded laughing.
“You will require a monitor, mouse, keyboard, and the correct cables.  I should be able to find what we need at the office. I shall not be gone long.  In the meantime, I have a pint of animal blood…obtained from an animal in the wild this time…stored in the refrigerator.  You may help yourself.”
“Yeah, I guess I should,” Gar reluctantly agreed.  “It’s kinda nice to have hands again, though…even if they’re ugly as sin.”
“It is your choice.  You may remain a…in your current state…as long as you are willing to stay closeted in the apartment.”
“Not much of a choice,” Gar sighed heavily as he turned towards the kitchen.  “I guess it’s the dog’s life for me again.”
	~		~		~		~
“So, our technologically incompetent Mr. Finch knows more about computers than he’s willing to admit,” Gar said thoughtfully.  “Maybe he’s not as innocent as you seemed to think he is and maybe…just maybe…you aren’t as good a judge of character as you thought.”
“I am certain he has a perfectly logical explanation for his omission.”
“I, too, think he is innocent,” Priscilla chimed in.  “He is a nice man.”
“Oh well, in that case…since the queen has spoken…it has to be true.”
“Oh shut up,” Priscilla said irritably.
“I shall ask him about it when I see him later today,” Wolfgang interjected smoothly.  “What else have you uncovered, Priscilla?”
“I am very sorry…I saw the file, but it was closed and I…”
“You know that I would never ask you to do anything that would cause you pain and suffering,” Wolfgang said gently.
“Thank you,” the gratitude in her voice was obvious.  “I did discover something else I feel is rather important.”
“Can you at least attempt to tone down the melodrama this time while you give us the info?” Gar asked sardonically.
“In case you can not tell, I am…”
“Yeah, yeah, I know…you’re metaphorically sticking your tongue out at me again.”
“I am glad you realize that…it saves time…”
“Priscilla...the information…?” Wolfgang prompted gently.
“Oh…right…Once Mr. Finch left the office for his computer class I decided to go check up on Leticia and a man was leaving just as I arrived…”
“Aaron or Dougie…?” Gar asked curiously.
“Neither,” Priscilla replied, the impishness in her tone obvious.  “Leticia has another lover…and you will never guess who…”
“I swear I’d love to wrap my hands around your throat and just squeeze,” Gar growled.
“Good thing I do not have a throat nor you hands,” Priscilla laughed unperturbed.
“I should have tried it while I was still a werewolf.”
“Who was it, Priscilla?” Wolfgang asked calmly.
“Daniel Downing…Fred’s former assistant…” her voice rang out triumphantly.

~ * * ~

“Mr. Finch, I am sorely disappointed.  You have been less than truthful.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Tuesday nights…seven o’clock…”
“My computer class…?” he asked in bewilderment.  “What does that have to do with anything?”
“My understanding was that you were basically computer illiterate…both you and Fred.”
“I was…I am…that’s why I’m taking the course.  Fred and I were dinosaurs, relics from a time when technology hadn’t taken over the world, which is why I know he couldn’t have done what he is accused of even if he’d wanted to.  Do you know how embarrassing it is to have to ask a child for assistance just to…what’s the phrase…um…boot up?  Fred’s granddaughter helped us both…secretly…so no one else would know, but with Fred gone and his granddaughter now the heir-apparent to the company I am representing, it seemed inadvisable for her to visit me while the will is being contested so I began taking a night class.”
“And now…?” Wolfgang prompted, storing away that piece of information for later.
“Now I can turn the damn thing on by myself and access my emails…I’m a regular Bill Gates,” he said sourly.  “Wait a minute…you don’t think…you couldn’t possibly believe that I’d steal from Fred?” he asked incredulously.
“You were the only one in communication with him and you obviously know more about computers than you led me to believe.”
“I would never have done anything to hurt Fred…and if you knew the kind of relationship he and I shared…”
“Enlighten me…”
“Fred and I have always been best friends…more like brothers.  We were even born within a month of each other and people were always teasing us about being Siamese twins.  We were practically inseparable.”
“That means nothing…I have discovered that there are often hidden rivalries between supposed ‘friends’.”
“Not between us…we were each other’s biggest supporters.  We had the same family…issues…to deal with and nothing draws two people together quicker than a common enemy.”  
“What enemy?”
“Our parents…although not so much our mothers…they were no help, but never actively tried to control our lives.  Our fathers were an altogether different story.  Fred’s father was in banking and mine in law and we were both expected to fall in line with the family businesses.  I was the follower and Fred the leader so like a good little boy I did what was expected of me but Fred, well, he had other ideas and the courage and talent to back them up.”  
“You envied him.”
“Of course I did, but not in a bad way…I simply wished I could be more like him.  I wanted him to succeed…for both of us…and I cheered him on.  He excelled in sports and so instead of obeying his father’s edict he won an athletic scholarship and played college football.  His plan was to make it to the pros…and he would have, but for his injury…blew his knee out his senior year.  His father expected him to come crawling back on his hands and knees, but Fred had a backup plan…coaching.  During his coaching years he realized that there were limited options for buying sports equipment and sometimes the quality was inferior so he began experimenting with different materials at night, on the weekends, whenever he had a spare minute.”
“Apparently it paid off.”
“Not for a long time, but I believed in him and assisted with the financial side of things…which was all I could do to help.  I laughingly called it an investment, but Fred kept scrupulous records of everything, no doubt the dormant banking gene in his blood, and when he was ready I donated my time to help him obtain patents and his trademark.  He used to say “Doug, when I make it big I’m taking you with me.”
“And did he keep his promise?”
“I currently own quite a bit of stock in his company—although I’m planning to sell it now that he’s gone—and he gave my law firm all of his business.  I’m a rich man, Mr. Jaeger, with enough money that I could retire right now and never want for a thing.  There was no need for me to steal from him.  Besides the fact that the man would have given me the shirt off his back if I’d asked him for it.  He was extremely generous that way and even though he never let on to anyone else, he donated an extremely high percentage of his personal income to various charities anonymously.  When I pointed out to him that he was losing a huge tax break he’d just shrug and say he didn’t need the paperwork hassle.”
“You admired his selflessness.”
“I admired everything about him,” Mr. Finch was barely able to finish his statement as he rose from his chair and moved to face the window, his back to Wolfgang, breathing deeply and clearing his throat repeatedly as he attempted to gain control of his emotions.
After a few minutes of silence, Mr. Finch turned back towards Wolfgang with a wan smile.
“Sorry…I haven’t allowed myself…”
“I understand and I am truly sorry to add to your grief, but I believe it is likely that your son is the one who hired the hit on Fred.”
Mr. Finch took another deep breath and asked “You have proof?”
“I managed to retrieve a computer from the men who killed Fred and the computer trail from that computer led straight to this office…”
“You found Fred’s killers?”
“Yes…”
“Did you go to the police?”
“I believe they were all killed in an explosion of their own making,” Wolfgang informed him calmly.
“What does that mean ‘an explosion of their own making’?”
“That is unimportant…the only relevant fact here is that we now have proof that the money transaction originated from this office.  Do you know of anyone else in your firm besides you and your son with a vested interest in Fred’s company?”
“No, but anyone could have done it…in fact someone could have even broken in with the express intent of framing one of us.  My son may not even be involved.”
“That is true, but I believe he is.”
“So basically you’re saying that my son stole from Fred, framed him, and then had him killed.”
“No, no, and yes…”
“Wait a minute, Doug didn’t steal the money or frame Fred?”
“We have uncovered nothing at this point that would lead us to believe your son had the means or opportunity.”
“Then who did?”
“We are still working on that one.  Would you allow me to access your computer?”
“Certainly…I have nothing to hide.”

~ * * ~

“So the transactions came from Dougie Senior’s computer, but you believe it was done by Dougie Junior?”
“Mr. Finch Senior had no reason to steal from Fred and had in fact remained in contact with Fred the whole time he was living on the streets.  However, I am not certain it was his son who ordered the hit.  There is one other suspect we must now consider.”
“Another suspect…?”
“Phyllis Masters…Fred’s granddaughter…she had access to Mr. Finch’s office and computer…”
“But not recently…you said so yourself…besides what motive could she have?”
“She could have made it possible to access his computer remotely at her leisure and she had more reason to want her grandfather dead than anyone else…she was his sole heir.”
“His sole heir…?  How do you know that?”
“Mr. Finch mentioned it in passing.”
“That would make her one rich little girl.”
“Indeed…”
“Did you see any evidence that Dougie Senior’s computer had been accessed remotely?”
“No, but I am admittedly no computer expert.”
“I wish I could get my hands…I mean paws…on that computer…I’d find out soon enough.”
“I have arranged for someone to pick up the computer for you.  Mr. Finch would like for us to maintenance it for him.”
“Sweet!  When will I get it?”
“Delivery should be tomorrow.  The computer will be left with the doorman downstairs and he is to place it outside the apartment.  Watch for it.”
“What do we do in the meantime?”
“I believe it is time to take you on a short drive and then a long walk.”
“You mean you’re gonna let me go out in broad daylight?”
“Only if you promise to behave yourself…” Wolfgang warned.
“I know how to act in public.”
“Of course you do,” Wolfgang said ironically.
“What about my eyes…?”
“Ah, yes, I have a surprise for you.”
“A surprise…?” Gar queried suspiciously.  “What kind of surprise.”
Wolfgang moved into his bedroom and returned with an odd-looking pair of sunglasses.
“Aw, Wolfie, you shouldn’t have,” Gar laughed as Wolfgang secured the black elastic bands of the glasses around his ears and under the back of his jaw.  “Do I look cool or what?”
“Or what,” Wolfgang replied drily as he donned his own pair.
“Now we’re twinkies.”
“Twinkies…?”
“You know…twins…we’ll have people oohing and aahing over us.  I could be your wingman…or wingdog…when you want to pick up chicks.”
 “I have no desire to ‘pick up chicks’,” Wolfgang frowned in displeasure.
“I didn’t mean like real chicks…like baby chickens…I’m talking about…”
“I have no interest in either type…do you wish to accompany me or not?”
“Geez…touchy…So where’re we going?”
“I thought we would take a stroll by the FLiM3 building.  Priscilla is so busy with other things she has had no time to…”
“Eavesdrop…?” Gar supplied wickedly.
“As you say…” Wolfgang conceded nonchalantly.
“Do we get to go in?”
“Perhaps…if they allow mutts…”
“Watch who you’re calling a mutt…I’m a purebred wolf and don’t you forget it, Wolfie.”
“Wolfgang,” he corrected severely.
“Yeah, yeah, let’s go…I’m dying to get outside.”
“If only that were possible,” Wolfgang murmured as he opened the apartment door “for any of us.”

Chapter 21

As Gar watched helplessly, the girl, likely no more than fifteen, lost her grip on the pipe and began falling feet first towards the sidewalk at an ever quickening pace, arms frantically flailing as if in search of something to grab onto.  The air rushing past her had her long brown ponytail standing straight up as if someone were holding it.  
No obvious sounds escaped her lips, but Wolfgang and Gar with their extraordinary auditory ability could hear her reciting over and over, “God help me…God help me…”
Without waiting to see what Wolfgang thought, Gar sprang into action, dragging his loosely held leash after him as he loped to within five feet of where he gauged she would land.
Leaping into the air met the girl almost ten feet above the ground.
“Grab my legs,” he commanded urgently as she crashed into him.
Automatically, the girl obeyed as she struggled for breath—the wind obviously having been knocked out of her by the collision—snuggling into the chest area between his front legs.  
Gar curled his body around her as best he could in the time he had before impact, thankful he had hunted the night before giving his body the maximum amount of softness possible, although that probably wasn’t saying much.  
He landed on his back, the girl on top of him…an errant hand the only part of her slapping the concrete.
Realizing the small crowd of spectators that had gathered would expect him to at the very least be severely injured, Gar lay still…eyes closed…barely breathing.
The disoriented girl attempted to climb down off of the monstrous mound of fur, gasping in pain while holding her left hand gingerly with her right, as Wolfgang pushed his way through the ring of people and carefully helped her regain her footing.
“I am a physician, may I…?”
As Wolfgang gently took her left hand in both of his, she said “The dog…please…I think he is dying…he landed so hard.”
“I will attend to my…pet…in a moment…”
Wolfgang ignored the soft snort as well as the whispered “Figures” that he alone could hear and continued “I believe you have some broken bones and at least one of them will need to be set immediately if it is to heal correctly.”
“But your dog…”
“If I promise to attend to the animal also, will you agree to accompany me to the nearest emergency room?”
She nodded.
“Come,” Wolfgang said as he bent down and scooped up the huge animal as if it weighed nothing “my car is this way.”
The girl sat silently in the front seat head bowed cradling her injured hand during the short ride to the hospital.  
As Wolfgang shoved the gearshift into park she seemed to come to herself and glancing up said in dismay “But you said…the dog…”
“For a girl with what must be an extremely painful injury you seem to be inordinately concerned with that mutt.”
Hearing the soft growl from the backseat the girl turned to look at Gar tenderly saying “He’s incredibly smart…and he saved me…I owe him my life.”
“The Chinese may subscribe to that idea, but I do not,” Wolfgang frowned.  “We have arrived at the ER…do you wish to be treated?”
“Yes, of course I do…I just…”
Wolfgang did not wait to hear the rest of it.  As he walked around the back of the car in order to assist her out, the girl leaned over the seat towards Gar and kissed him on the top of the head.  
“I don’t know whether I heard you speak or whether it was just my over-active imagination at work again, but thank you,” she whispered.
Gar lifted his head and licked her face in reply.  She laughed and turned back towards the front allowing Wolfgang to help her from the car.
“One moment,” Wolfgang forestalled her as he shut the front door and opened the back murmuring to Gar “What did you say to her?”
“It was in the heat of the moment,” he defended himself.  “I just told her to grab my legs.”
“And she heard you.”
“That was kinda the whole point of the statement.”
“I warned you…”
“What can I say, I forgot myself for a second…okay?  At least she’s still alive.”
“You may desist with the injured dog act now and allow her to see that you will be fine.”
“Hey, I fell a long way,” Gar protested.  “I don’t want her to think I recovered abnormally fast.”
“I can assure you she was too befuddled to realize how far from the ground she was when the two of you collided and there are no spectators here to play to so I command you to ‘be healed’.”
“Spoilsport,” Gar accused, enjoying the unaccustomed human attention and loathe to relinquish it.
“Indubitably,” Wolfgang replied drily.
Gar lifted his head and, with every appearance of caution, carefully climbed out of the car, shaking his whole body as if shaking off the incident as well as any injury.
“That’s amazing,” the girl breathed in awe.  “He doesn’t even appear to be hurt.”
“I will make sure that he suffers no lasting ill-effects, but as you can see he is quite sufficiently recovered.  Now will you allow me to escort you into the hospital, Miss…?”
“Oh, sorry, my name is Phyllis…Phyllis Masters, but I liked to be called Phyl.”
“Why?”
“Why what…?”
“Why would you prefer a boy’s name?”
“My mom calls me her tomboy,” Phyl laughed.  “Ever since I was young I preferred to do what most people would call boy things like climbing trees and playing sports instead of dressing up dolls and having tea parties.”
“Is that what you were doing when you fell…?”
“I didn’t fall, I was pu…” she broke off abruptly eyes wide.  “I should go and get this looked at,” she turned away and began walking towards the double doors of the ER.
“Still think she’s the number one suspect?  It looks to me like she’s more of a victim.”
“I shall keep a close eye on her until her mother arrives…find your way home.”
“Without a leash…?” Gar asked sardonically.
“Just go,” Wolfgang replied impatiently as he moved to follow the girl.  “What do you mean you were pushed?” he asked as soon as he had drawn level with her.
“Nothing…I’m sure the doctors here will take care of me…you can go now.  I don’t know what I was thinking…accepting a ride from a perfect stranger.”
“Do you know who pushed you?”
“Look Mr. I-don’t-even-know-your-name, I appreciate all you’ve done for me but, as I said, you’re a stranger and…”
“You are Fred’s granddaughter…the one who used to help him with his email,” Wolfgang stated flatly, as they approached the check-in desk.
“How did you…?”
“Can I help you?” a professional voice interrupted.
“Yes, I…um…fell…and…”
“Miss Masters has broken at least one metacarpal in her left hand, possibly two or more,” Wolfgang interrupted her stammering.  “One will have to be set, but the others are hairline fractures.”
“Are you a doctor?” 
“Yes, I was on the scene and able to do a cursory exam.”
“Sounds pretty detailed for a cursory exam,” she commented suspiciously.  “Do you have insurance?” the woman redirected her questioning to Phyl.
“I…uh…don’t have anything with me…”
“Her name is Phyllis Masters…you may have heard of her family’s company…FLiM3…”
“Of course…my sons use their equipment all the time…do you have any identification to prove…?”
“I am Wolfgang von Jaeger,” Wolfgang produced his wallet and allowed her a quick glimpse of his driver’s license.
“Oh, Mr. Jaeger…I didn’t recognize you…of course if you are willing to vouch for her…”
“I am, and will also be more than happy to guarantee payment.”
“If you could just fill out a few forms for me…?”
“Certainly,” Wolfgang took the clipboard as well as Phyl’s arm and led her over to a couple of empty chairs.  “Now,” he handed her his cell phone “call your mother.”
“Are you somebody important?”
“I am known in hospital circles…nothing you need concern yourself with.  Place the call.”
“You certainly are bossy,” Phyl muttered as she punched the numbers into the phone.
“So I have been told,” Wolfgang replied absently as he addressed himself to the task of completing as much of the paperwork as he could.
Once Phyl’s mother arrived to fill in the rest of the blanks and Wolfgang had ascertained to his satisfaction that Phyl was in no immediate danger he took his leave of them.  
As he headed towards the door, however, he was stopped by a conversation and smells that somehow did not mesh.
He usually managed to tune out other people’s dialogues, but something in his perpetually over-active brain had picked up something terribly awry.
Wolfgang was through the double doors to his right at the end of the hallway and whispering in the young doctor’s ear before anyone realized he was there.
“The blood in that bag is mismarked.”
“What the…who are you and how did you get in here?” the doctor demanded angrily.  “Michelle, call security.”
“The man you are about to transfuse is A positive…”
“Yes, and this is A positive blood…somebody get this guy out of here,” she yelled.
“Not only are you about to kill this man with the wrong blood, you will also be wasting a bag of B positive in the process…and B positive is much harder to come by I can assure you.”
“I checked the bag myself when the nurse brought it in…”
“Whoever marked this bag was apparently in a hurry because they did not properly close the B at the bottom giving it the appearance of an A, but I have absolutely no doubt that this is the wrong blood for that man,” Wolfgang unhooked the bag and held it less than a foot from the doctor’s face.  “See how the letter is more rounded at the top than an A should be and there is a slight movement towards closing the bottom…”
The shocked look on the doctor’s face spoke volumes.
“Order another bag…now…” he urged sensing the man’s growing weakness as he lay bleeding out.  “He does not have much time.”
“You heard him…somebody get me the right blood,” the doctor managed to croak out.  
One of the nurses scurried from the room and was back inside of five seconds with the correct blood.
Wolfgang, satisfied the man was safe, exited the room as quickly and silently as he had entered.
Just as he reached the doors to the outside, Phyl’s mother stopped him.
“Mr. Jaeger,” she hailed him breathlessly “I’m glad I caught you before you left.”
“How is Phyllis?” Wolfgang inquired politely.
“It was exactly as you said…they are setting the bone now.  Thank you so much for everything you’ve done.  How can we repay you?”
“I require no reward for helping a fellow…for helping someone in need.”
“Please, let me make it up to you…you’re a bachelor aren’t you?  Perhaps I could interest you in one of my famous home-cooked meals…?”
“You cook…?” Wolfgang asked in astonishment.
“I know, hard to believe isn’t it?” she laughed not offended in the least “but I did have a life before becoming Mrs. Thomas Masters.  I was fresh out of cooking school and in Paris training to become a great chef when I met my husband…but I don’t want to bore you with the details.”
“On the contrary, that sounds like the beginnings of a very interesting story,” Wolfgang said encouragingly.
“Well, you see, Thomas has a very discerning palate and he’d ordered the coq au vin and was displeased with his meal insisting that not only had the chef put too much garlic in it, but had crushed it beyond all recognition instead of chopping it as he insisted was the ‘correct’ method.  I, of course, had been responsible for the preparation of his meal.  We had quite a row as the British would say.”
“He sounds rather particular.”
“Yes, he is,” she smiled fondly hastening to add “but not in a bad way.  We still don’t agree on the way coq au vin should be prepared, but now I simply fix it both ways.”
“Does your husband not mind you performing…such tasks?”
“Menial labor you mean…?” she chuckled.  
“I would hardly classify it in that manner,” Wolfgang assured her hastily.  “I was simply…”
“Sorry…I have a wicked sense of humor and tend to tease people.  Actually, my husband realized many years ago that the prudent thing to do was to allow me to have my way if he wished to live in peace and harmony.”
“I have noticed that is not uncommon in the state of holy matrimony,” Wolfgang conceded in amusement.  
“So, we will expect you tomorrow evening, drinks at six and dinner served promptly at seven.”
“I look forward to it, Mrs. Masters, although a word of caution if I may, I do not react well to garlic, crushed or chopped, so…”
“Good to know…if I decide to add coq au vin to the menu I’ll be sure yours is completely devoid of that particular seasoning.”
“That would be greatly appreciated.  Now if you will excuse me…”
“Of course, so sorry to keep you, I know you’re a busy man.  We’ll see you tomorrow.  Oh, and Phyl was hoping you would bring your dog.  She’s developed quite an attachment to the thing apparently.”
“I shall check his schedule.”
While Mrs. Master’s delighted laugh filled the air, once more Wolfgang attempted to reach the exit, but his conversation with her had delayed him too long.
“Wait!” a familiar voice hailed him from behind.
He kept walking.
“I said wait!” a small feminine hand encircled his upper arm.  
Although that small pressure was no pressure at all and he could have easily broken free, Wolfgang sighed in resignation and turned to face the woman.
“Who are you?” she demanded pink faced and breathless, her ash blonde hair curling down the side of her face having worked its way out of the scraped back ponytail as a result of her attempts to catch up with him.
“I am Wolfgang von Jaeger,” he answered shortly allowing his irritation to show in the faint hope that the young doctor would take the hint and leave him be.  
“Of Von Jaeger Industries…?” she asked wide-eyed.  
Wolfgang nodded curtly.
“You furnish a lot of the blood we use…”
“But I did not furnish the mismarked bag,” he interrupted.  “I suggest you recheck every bag of blood you have received from Blood Unlimited Incorporated…especially the ones from the same shipment.”
“Believe me…I plan to,” she shuddered.  “If it were my decision we would drop them altogether.  They are careless and we’ve had trouble with them before, but we are always so desperate for blood…”
“We furnish as much as we can, but the demand far outweighs the supply.”
“I realize that…and we appreciate everything you do.  You’re company’s reputation is impeccable.”
Wolfgang nodded and turned to leave.
“How did you know the blood was mismarked?”
He knew the question was coming, but every answer he had prepared sounded—as Gar would have said—lame and he was at a loss.
“If you will excuse me…” was all he offered as he finally managed to escape through the automatic glass doors.
The woman stared after him with a thoughtful expression.

Chapter 22

“Priscilla is stretched kinda thin don’t you think?  You’ve got her watching Dougie Junior, Leticia, Fred’s former assistant, and now Phyl…”
“There is very little we can do about it until tomorrow night,” Wolfgang interrupted abruptly.  “She is concentrating most of her efforts on Phyllis at the moment.”
“Good, because she’s in danger…I can feel it.”
“She did not seem to be alarmed by the incident…perhaps it was an accident.”
“You don’t accidentally push someone off of a tenth story balcony,” Gar replied scornfully.  “If we hadn’t been there…”
“We were there so it is pointless to speculate.”
“Well, all I can say is that I’m glad I’ll be with her all the time to protect her after tomorrow night.”
“Keep in mind that there are certain things that will be unacceptable to the rulers of the Realm and…”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah…don’t worry…I won’t watch her get undressed or anything.”
“Good…I would find it difficult to explain how a dead dog managed to come back to life and as much as I loathe admitting it…I shall need your help if we are to solve the mystery surrounding Fred’s murder.”
“Aw, come on Wolfie…’fess up…you’d miss me if I were gone.”
“As I would a festering boil,” he agreed.
“Well, that’s something I guess,” Gar laughed.  “So what’s on for tonight?”
“I plan to be at the office most of the evening.”
“And me…?”
“You should continue your efforts on Mr. Finch’s computer.  We must return it in the morning.”
“I’m not gonna find anything else.”
“Regardless, make the attempt…you will have no access after it is returned.”
“Fine,” Gar’s longsuffering sigh was lost on Wolfgang as he nodded and left the apartment, closing the door firmly behind him.  “One of these days I’m gonna get to boss you around,” Gar growled at the door.
“When hell freezes over,” Wolfgang replied pleasantly from the elevator as the doors slid shut.

~ * * ~

“You’re working late,” a voice noted from the doorway.
“A very astute observation,” Wolfgang rose, frowning at his unexpected visitor.
“I may not be as astute an observer as you obviously are, but I have my moments.”
“Dare I ask how you made it all the way up to my office unchallenged?”
“I told them I was your girlfriend of course.”
“Ah…a scenario I had not thought to present to my security officers.”
“Well, in all fairness, it did take some convincing…”
“No doubt,” Wolfgang’s lips twisted wryly.
“Is that an insult?”
“I was referring to the obvious difference in our ages.”
“Then either I am much older than I appear, in which case thank you very much, or else you are much older than you appear…or perhaps it’s a bit of both in which case the guards now think you are robbing the cradle.”
Wolfgang moved around the desk.
“They did not notify me of your presence in the building,” Wolfgang noted in displeasure as he came to a halt in front of her.
“I told them I wanted to surprise you.  Didn’t you know…?  Today is your birthday. Happy Birthday,” she finished impishly.
“My birthday is not for two months.”
“Apparently your employees don’t know that,” she laughed.
Something about the woman was familiar and Wolfgang was experiencing an odd type of déjà vu that he was hard put to explain.  He had vaguely noticed it in the ER, but had not been able to pinpoint it.
“I keep my private affairs…private.  What is so important that you felt it could not wait for a scheduled appointment?”
“Somehow I got the feeling you wouldn’t see me.”
“I am sorry if I gave that impression…it was unintentional.”
“You are rather intimidating but that isn’t what I meant.”
“Would you like a drink, Dr…?”
“Preston…but you can call me Willie.  Do you have any bottled water?”
“I believe I do…” Wolfgang moved over towards the credenza and unobtrusively found and pushed the button under the counter.
“Impressive,” Willie noted as she watched the front panel slide back revealing a mini fridge.  
“Are you certain you would not like something a bit…stronger?”
“Trying to get me drunk so I’ll forget why I came?” 
Wolfgang handed her the bottled water.
“Please, have a seat,” he waved of his hand towards one of the leather chairs facing his as he reseated himself behind the desk.  “Why have you come?”
“I think you know, but I’ll ask it anyway.  How did you know I was about to use the wrong blood on that man?”
“Why is it that girls these days seem to prefer what are generally considered to be men’s names, I wonder?” Wolfgang asked instead.
“It’s not that I prefer to have a man’s name, Mr. Jaeger, but some of us were given old, established family names that, well, let’s just say children can be cruel and leave it at that.  Weren’t you ever teased?  I mean Wolfgang is hardly your average run-of-the-mill name.”
“No one would have dared.”
“You know, now that I’ve met you, I can see why.”
“Oh…?  Would you care to elaborate?”
“I suppose it’s because you don’t strike me as the type of person who would tolerate that type of idiotic and mindless teasing.”
“I see,” Wolfgang replied thoughtfully.  “Along those same lines you do not strike me as being the type of person who would be bothered by such idiotic and mindless teasing…at least not enough to change your name to something so obviously masculine.”
“I’m not that type of person now…but when one is young things like that tend to have lasting effects.  And don’t think for a moment that changing the subject is going to side-track me.  I’m not leaving here until I get a satisfactory answer.”
“I am sorry, what was the question again?”
“You know good and well what the question was and your evasiveness is beginning to look suspicious.”
“And what are your suspicions?”
“If I didn’t know any better I’d think you or someone in your employ planted that blood to make the other company look incompetent,” she replied meeting his eyes without flinching.  “Not that they need any help in that area…they already do a pretty good job of it all by themselves,” she conceded “but still…”
“You do know better, though.  Do you not?”
“Having met you, I admit it seems unlikely…but what other explanation could there be?”
“Tell me…I am most curious…what name could you possibly possess that is worse than Willie?”
“There you go again…I am not that easy to distract, Mr. Jaeger.”
“Please, call me Wolfgang.”
“Wolf…?” she offered tentatively.
“My name is Wolfgang.”
“Okay, Wolfgang, how did you know the bag was mismarked and I was on the verge of killing that man?”
“You have yet to tell me your given name.”
“That is irrelevant to this conversation.  How…?”
“Your name…” Wolfgang interrupted shortly.
“Fine…if I tell you my horrid first name will you answer the question?”
Willie could sense that something had changed, Wolfgang’s expression was almost…forbidding…but she had no idea why or why it was so important that she give him her first name.  From the stony silence following her question, she suspected that she would never receive the answer she’d come for, but not answering his question didn’t seem to be an option.
“Why is it so important to you?”
Still no verbal response, but Wolfgang’s face had tightened and the extraordinary black of his eyes seemed to grow larger as they bore into her own light blue ones with a type of intensity she’d never experienced before.  For a moment, she was frightened.
Willie straightened her shoulders and faced him squarely.
“I’m not going to let this drop,” she warned with false bravado.
“What is the family name you were given,” Wolfgang voice was quiet and calm, oddly at variance with his facial expression.
“I don’t see…”
“The name…” the steely tone brooked no argument.
Willie knew it was no use resisting—he would have no trouble discovering it himself once she left—and honestly couldn’t have said why she was reluctant to give it, but she had a feeling…a strange inexplicable feeling…that once she told him things would be forever changed and even though she had no clue how, she wasn’t sure she would be able to handle what followed.
As ridiculous as she realized it was, the moment had somehow become monumental.
Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, she gave in.
“Wilhelmina.”
Opening her eyes to gauge his response, his reaction to the name was disappointing…anticlimactic…almost non-existent.  She felt deflated.  Although she had no idea what she’d expected, what actually happened was a severe let down.
Wolfgang nodded…it was all he could bring himself to do without revealing the inner turmoil of emotions he was feeling.  She had to leave.  He needed time to think…to ponder…to feel…and he could not do that with the girl sitting in front of him watching his every expression.
Rising from his chair with “I am sorry, but I have a pressing…” he paused, knowing to lie would be to invite disaster…the punishment he had to avoid at all costs…but desperate to come up with an excuse that would be true enough to escape such retribution.  “It is time for you to leave,” he substituted instead.
There was no doubt about the veracity of that statement.
“But you haven’t answered…”
Reaching her side, he took her arm, effectively cutting off her statement, and firmly led her out of his office and reception area all the way to the elevator.  
Gently guiding her into the elevator, he reached around, pushed the button for the first floor, and locked it so she would not be able to alight before reaching the lobby.
“This isn’t over…you know…” the closing of the elevator doors cut off the rest of her statement, but Wolfgang could hear it as clearly as if she were standing next to him as she continued in a disheartened tone “…you won’t be rid of me that easily.”
“I realize that,” he sighed quietly to himself “and I am truly sorry…more than you know.”

~ * * ~

“What happened?” Wolfgang asked in resignation as Gar finally stirred.
“You know, I thought it’d be worth it…but I was wrong,” a shaken Gar admitted as he rose gingerly to his feet.  “How long was I out?”
“I am not certain…I arrived home at ten and it has now been two hours from the time I discovered you.  What did you do this time?”
“Well, I thought about what you said—that I wouldn’t get another opportunity to use this computer—so I thought…why not?”
“Why not what…?”
“Since I was already inside the law firm’s firewall I decided to hack Little Dougie’s computer.  Apparently when he left in such a rush the other day…or was fired I guess I should say…he forgot to turn it off so…”
“What did you discover in the short time you had before you were…incapacitated?”
“Little Dougie has been a busy little boy…surfing the web.  He used his dad’s computer to actually order the hit, but he used his own to find the killers.”
Wolfgang immediately pulled out his cell phone and punched in some numbers.  The phone call was answered almost immediately.
“Mr. Finch…Wolfgang von Jaeger here…”
He listened for a few moments then asked “When?  I see.  No, it can wait.  I shall be there as soon as possible.”
“What’s going on?” Gar asked as soon as Wolfgang had ended the call.
“We need to go…immediately…I’ll explain on the way.”
“My leash…”
“Will not be necessary,” he supplied absently as he headed towards the door.
“What about your keys…?  You left them over there on the table.” 
“Those are redundant as well.  We will make better time on foot.  We must hurry while the scent is strong and not confused by too many other people traipsing around the crime scene.”
“Crime scene…?” Gar repeated blankly but Wolfgang was already to the elevator.
Silently Gar padded after him.

~ * * ~

“Thank you for coming so quickly.”
“What happened?”
“It was apparently a mugging gone sour.”
“What was your son doing in an alley in this part of town after midnight?”
“I wished I knew,” Mr. Finch sighed heavily.
“Could he have been working late?  Is this on his way home?”
“No, he left the FLiM3 headquarters at six according to Aaron and this is nowhere near his apartment building.”
Gar was only half-listening to the conversation, most of his concentration centered on the various smells assaulting his nose in an attempt to distinguish between them.  He could tell Wolfgang was doing the same…part of his brain focused on Mr. Finch, the rest recognizing and cataloguing scents.
Wolfgang bent down and whispered something in Gar’s ear and Gar took off into the darkest part of the alley.
“Is that Fred’s dog?”
“That is the stray Fred picked up,” Wolfgang rephrased carefully.
“Where is he going?”
“I sent him to reconnoiter the area.”
“Why?”
“In order to ascertain that the killer or killers are no longer close by as well as to pick up any scents,” Wolfgang answered truthfully.  “Is there any doubt that your son was killed here…? Could he possibly have been murdered elsewhere and dumped in this alley to make it appear as if he had been mugged?”
“You think this is somehow tied to Fred’s murder?”
“We can not overlook the obvious.  Although it is too late to ask him about it now, I believe there is evidence on your son’s computer that loosely ties him to the gang of killers responsible.”
“What type of evidence?  And how…?”
Wolfgang cut him off before he could ask the question that Wolfgang was reluctant to answer.
“Apparently your son had been researching certain gangs in the area…including the one that actually completed the job.”
“So it’s true,” Mr. Finch shook his head sadly.  “But if he was the one responsible, who killed him?”
“I do not believe that he was in this alone.  He must have become a liability to the other person or persons involved.”
“We should report this to the police.”
“And tell them what…?  They have already ruled Fred’s death a random shooting.  Until we find some hard evidence to prove otherwise, there is nothing they can do.”
“You’re right, of course…I’m not thinking clearly…this whole thing is…surreal.”
“Would you mind if I spoke to the detectives?”
“Not at all…come with me…I’ll introduce you.”
The two men moved closer to the yellow-taped perimeter where the body lay exposed and unmoved while a photographer hovered over it taking pictures from every possible angle and were immediately joined by two men in suits and dark trench coats.
“Detectives Williams and Turner…Wolfgang von Jaeger…”
“Hey…aren’t you that rich guy…the one who donated all that money for the playground over on…?”
“My corporation did,” Wolfgang broke in smoothly.  “Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
“Did you know the deceased?”
“Mr. Jaeger is a close personal friend of mine,” Mr. Finch assured them.  “You can speak freely to him.”
Ten minutes later, after much discussion with the two cooperative detectives as well as a quick unauthorized viewing, and surreptitious sniffing, of the body, Wolfgang shook hands with the men and covertly nodded to Gar who joined him as soon as he reached the end of the alley.
“Well at least one of the detectives has half a brain,” Gar snorted in disgust as they left the scene.  “You actually did a decent job of pointing them in the right direction without making it obvious.”
“A compliment…from you…?” 
“Don’t let it go to your head…you have enough of an ego problem as it is,” Gar laughed then grew serious as he added, “our suspects are dropping like flies…literally.”
“So it would appear…”
“What’re you thinking now?”
“We know that Douglas Junior was involved and that someone killed him, stole his wallet, and left him here in the alley to make it appear that he was mugged…”
“But any mugger worth his salt would’ve swiped his watch…that thing looked pretty expensive.”
“Yes, it was a Rolex…” Wolfgang murmured thoughtfully.
“Do you think Dougie Junior was just following orders then…and someone else was in charge?”
“That is the only thing that makes sense.”
“Did you get a whiff off of the body that didn’t belong to anyone else there?”
“As a matter of fact I did…as well as the area immediately surrounding the body.  Did you detect anything in the alley?”
“Nope…nothing fresh…what do you think it means?”
“A vehicle had been parked right next to the spot where the body was found.”
“How do you know?”
“Oil leakage…fresh…”
“You’d think a killer would make sure his car was maintained a little better if he planned on going around dumping dead bodies in deserted alleys, wouldn’t you.  Why didn’t you call me over so I could get a sniff?”
“The detectives were hardly likely to allow a dumb animal that close to the crime scene.”
“Dumb animal…?” Gar began irately.
“In their minds,” Wolfgang dismissed absently.  “I believe after our discussion over the watch they will manage to find the oil on the ground and perhaps rethink their conclusions.”
“So what do we do now?”
“I plan to pay a visit to FLiM3 and see if anyone there matches the unknown scent I managed to pick up.”
“What about me?”
“I want you to relieve Priscilla at the Master’s house.”
“Why?  It’s not like Priscilla needs sleep or a bathroom break or anything.”
“No, but I need her for something else.”
“How am I supposed to keep an eye on Phyl from outside the house?”
“You are a dog…scratch at the door.  I am certain she will let you in.”
“Hey, why didn’t I think of that?”
“Please attempt to keep your thoughts private while you are there and I shall see you tomorrow night when I arrive for dinner.”
“Her parents will probably call you about your missing dog.  What’re you gonna say?”
“That Phyllis is welcome to keep you…indefinitely.”
“Generous of you,” Gar muttered.
“Be sure you hunt before arriving on her doorstep…that should keep you for a few days.”
Gar froze “Oh man…what if she wants to feed me dog food?”
“I would not ingest anything of unknown origin if I were you.”
“Gee thanks…like I didn’t already know that.”
“Then what is the problem?”
“How do I explain…?” Gar broke off at the sardonic look on Wolfgang’s face.  “Oh, yeah, I guess I don’t have to explain anything…I’m a dog.”
“Indeed…I am the one who will be held accountable for my finicky canine.”
“Yeah, I like that…I can be as irresponsible as I want and you get in trouble for it,” Gar laughed.
“Do not forget that you are held responsible for your behavior to higher beings.”
“Like I could ever forget that,” Gar replied morosely.
“Do you remember her address from your computer search?”
“Of course,” he said indignantly.
“Then run along like a good little dog and find her.”
Gar took off down the street muttering “One of these days this good little dog is gonna turn on you and bite you on the butt,” but he had to work hard to stifle his laughter as the faint reply reached his ears.
“Sounds unappetizing.”

Chapter 23

“Mr. Masters will see you now,” the dark-headed, well-groomed receptionist announced politely.
“Thank you.”
As Wolfgang followed her perfumed wake to the solid oak double doors, he fought to keep his nose from wrinkling in distaste.  
Over the years he had develop a distinct aversion to perfumes in large part because of his sensitivity to smells and the fact that it seemed to him that the majority of women insisted on totally dousing themselves with it.
She opened the door and announced him then stepped back to allow him to enter, closing the door firmly behind him.
“Mr. Jaeger,” Aaron Masters met Wolfgang in the middle of the rather large room and shook his hand briefly “this is indeed an honor, as well as a surprise.  Come, sit…” he indicated some leather chairs next to the wall of windows and a pair of French doors, which led out onto a balcony, comprising one whole side of the imposing room.  “Would you like some refreshment perhaps?  I have a forty year old scotch I’ve been anxious to try, but have unfortunately not had an excuse to open it.”
“Alcohol is not one of my many vices.”
“Oh well, another time perhaps.  What is it that I can do for you?”
Wolfgang was disappointed.  He had been so sure that Aaron had killed Douglas Junior—especially since the elevator had reeked of the same odor he had smelled the previous night while visiting the crime scene—that he had not thought it necessary to perfect a cover story for his visit.  
Instead, the only thing he could say with a hundred percent certainty was the fact that Aaron Masters was not only cheating on his wife with his mistress, he was also cheating on his mistress with the receptionist.  Her perfume clung to him like a second skin and the spot of lipstick near his hairline was the same shade she had been wearing.
“I believe in coming straight to the point, Mr. Masters.  I am having a difficult time with the information I have read in the paper regarding your father.”
“You knew my father?”
“By reputation and through a couple of mutual friends,” Wolfgang offered truthfully.
“To be honest, Mr. Jaeger, it doesn’t make sense to me either.  My father and I never got along well, but I knew him and to do something like this was totally out of character.”
“Why then are you contesting his will on those grounds?”
“You have done your homework, I see,” he smiled wryly.
“It is a matter of public record.”
“Ah yes…well…the decision to contest the will wasn’t my idea.”
“I see…may I ask…?”
“My brother Thomas was as in the dark about the changes in the will as I was and he doesn’t approve of his daughter becoming a CEO at her age.  Eventually my son and his daughter would have inherited the whole thing anyway so he doesn’t understand why our father would do such a thing.  He’s the one who asked me to file the lawsuit…he doesn’t think his daughter is ready to handle something like this.”
“You must have been disappointed that your father excluded your son.”
“I believe it was unfair especially since my son spent so much of his spare time here the past few years working his way up from the bottom rung of the bottom rung of a very long ladder.”
“Not to mention how much time and effort you have put into the company.”
“There’s that, too.”
“I believe Fred’s assistant discovered the discrepancies…?”
“Daniel Downing…yes…and believe me the police went over his finances with a fine-toothed comb, but there were no unexplained deposits and he hasn’t made any changes in his style of living, he even drives the same ancient Ford sedan he always has, so that was a dead-end.”
“I was wondering if I might ask him a few questions.”
“That won’t be possible; he hasn’t come in to work yet today.”
“It is ten in the morning…is that normal behavior for him?”
“No, usually he is extremely punctual.  I had Marisa, my secretary, call his home number as well as his cell, but there was no answer.”
“Well, I have taken up enough of your time, Mr. Masters…”
“Please, call me Aaron.”
Wolfgang stood and shook his hand.  “Thank you for seeing me on such short notice.”
“You believe my father was framed, don’t you?”
“Are you aware that Douglas Finch Junior was murdered last night?” Wolfgang asked instead.
The shock on Aaron’s face would have been hard to fake.
“Is that why his father woke me up last night to ask about him?”  At Wolfgang’s nod, he asked, “How did it happen?”
“It appears to be a mugging turned violent.”
“How is his mother taking it?”
“I have not talked to her but from all reports, not well.”
“They were very close.  Although Doug didn’t get along with his father any better than I got along with mine, his relationship with his mother was a different story.”
“I appreciate the information as well as your time…I shall not impose on you any further.”
“Sure…no problem…”
Wolfgang could see that he had shocked Aaron to the core with his revelation about Douglas Junior and he quietly let himself out.  He nodded to Marisa, who was on the phone, and then moved towards the stairs instead of the elevator realizing that was the only way he would be able to search for Daniel Downing’s office without interference as anyone watching could track an elevator’s movements and he had no desire to be tracked.
He exited the stairwell one floor below and as soon as he opened the door it hit him…the scent was almost overwhelming.  Whoever had murdered Douglas Junior had spent a lot of time on the ninth floor and if Wolfgang were a betting man he would have bet his whole fortune, which was considerable, on Daniel Downing.

~ * * ~

“We’re smokin’ now,” Gar said with relish.  
“Smoking…?”
“You know…getting somewhere…finding out stuff…like Daniel Downing killed Dougie Junior so odds are he was the one who was stealing from the company and framed Fred for it.”
“It is still all circumstantial evidence…”
“But you found the same oil leakage in Downing’s parking spot at FLiM3 as you noticed at the crime scene,” Gar pointed out.
“We can not actually prove anything other than the fact that Daniel Downing’s car had at some point been in the same alley where Douglas Junior’s body was found.  There would be no definitive way to prove he was the one driving it without witnesses…at least to the police’s satisfaction.”
“But we know…that’s what counts.”
“I am afraid that is not all that counts…although I believe Daniel Downing is guilty, he has apparently gone missing…and much like young Finch, I suspect he is dead.”
“Aw shoot, that means he wasn’t the brains either.  Are we ever gonna catch a break?”
“What are the common denominators between Douglas Junior and Daniel Downing?”
“FLiM3, Aaron Masters…oh and that woman…Leticia Morgan…”
“Correct,” Wolfgang nodded thoughtfully.  “I have Mr. Finch observing Aaron and, since you have Phyllis covered now, I have asked Priscilla to keep an eye on Leticia Morgan.”
“Speaking of Phyl, we should probably head back to the house soon…”
“Not yet…pretend to do your business…we have much to discuss.”
“I don’t have to pretend…Phyl keeps expecting me to drink a ton of water and I swear I’m gonna explode if she keeps this up.  Who knew werewolves and vampires could actually pee.”
“As I have pointed out numerous times, we are neither.”
“Keep on telling yourself that and, who knows, one day you may even begin to believe it.”
“Is Phyllis letting you out to scavenge for food as I suggested to her when she called?”
“Yeah, but when I come back she always looks at me in horror like I just swallowed the neighbors cat or something.”
“Is the cat missing?” 
“It was just a figure of speech…the neighbors don’t even have a cat…now let go of that stinkin’ leash so I can let go.”
Wolfgang relinquished the leash as Gar disappeared into the bushes.
Sighing loudly in relief, Gar reappeared and Wolfgang bent down to retrieve the leash as the two of them resumed their walk.
“I suggested to Aaron that he notify the police that Daniel Downing was missing.”
“So…what happened?”
“He has not been missing long enough therefore they refused to become involved at this point.  I drove to his apartment building and stood outside his door for thirty minutes, but learned nothing…no unusual odors and no sounds other than normal household noises…”
“And if we break in…punishment.  So what do we do now?”
“We have no option but to wait until his body turns up.”
“You’re sure he’s dead?”
“I have little doubt.”
“Well, in the meantime, I know who pushed Phyl off the balcony.”
Wolfgang stopped and waited expectantly.
“What…no guesses…?”
“As you pointed out earlier, we should return to the house soon.  It is almost seven and I do not wish to offend my hostess by turning up late for her carefully prepared meal.”
“Are you really gonna risk eating?  You don’t know where that stuff’s been.  Punishment…remember…?”
“I shall eat what I deem safe and, with slight of hand, dispose of the rest.”
“Cool…that I gotta see…”
“The name…” Wolfgang prompted with forced patience.
“Aw, come on…take a guess…”
With a heavy sigh, Wolfgang turned around and began strolling back towards the house.
“If I must…”
“You must,” Gar laughingly insisted as he resumed his place walking next to Wolfgang.
“Then I suppose my guess would be her cousin…Aaron’s son.”
“How the hell did you know that?”
“I did not know, but he is the most likely candidate.  After all he has been left out in the cold, so to speak, as far as the company is concerned.”
“Well I’ll be damned.”
“Most assuredly.”
“Hey…not funny…”
“No it is not.  The house is quite close…do you have other information?”
“No,” Gar replied, disgruntled.  “Well, except Lance’s excuse…which, I have to say, sounded pretty lame to me.”
“Lance…?” Wolfgang asked as they came to a stop in front of the house.
“Yeah, the cousin…finally something I know that you don’t…anyway…his excuse was that he and Phyl were leaning out over the balcony railing to see where an eagle had built a nest…”
“Aerie,” Wolfgang corrected “although there are other acceptable variations.”
“Whatever…anyway…the railing was loose and gave under her weight.  Lance claims he was trying to save her by grabbing her shirt, but Phyl accused him of pushing her over the edge.”
“I observed no railing dangling from the balcony.”
“Yeah, he’s got an excuse for that, too, said he pulled it back into place so it wouldn’t land on anybody’s head.”
“Where was he while she was falling?”
“He says that once he saw she’d managed to grab onto something he hurried down to Downing’s office directly below and was gonna try to pull her in, but by the time he got there she was already gone.  When he finally made it to the main entrance we’d apparently already taken off with her.”
“A plausible enough story…”
“In a fairy tale maybe,” Gar snorted.
“You do not care much for this boy?”
“He’s alright, I guess…a tad intense maybe,” Gar admitted grudgingly.  “It’s just that I don’t know who to believe anymore.  We keep finding more and more people involved in this thing and I’m beginning to suspect everybody.”
“How did you learn of Lance’s story?”
“Phyl wouldn’t return any of his calls and so this morning he just shows up out of the blue and while they were talking…or arguing rather…I managed to piece the story together.”
“Did you happen to take note of Lance’s heartbeat while he was explaining his actions?”
“Not really…I mean I noticed it was beating, but that’s all…why…?”
“Many times that is an indicator of truthfulness…or lack thereof.”
“Like a lie detector test,” Gar nodded his shaggy head enthusiastically.  “I hadn’t thought of that.”
“Something to store away for future reference…”
“Oh, there you two are,” Phyl said from the front door of the house.  “It’s time to eat and Mom does not like her hot food getting cold or her cold food getting warm.”
“My apologies,” Wolfgang offered sincerely “we had a bit of catching up to do.”
“You’ve missed him,” she sympathized.
“Yes, I suppose you could say that.  He can be trying at times, but he has his uses.”
Gar snorted, but Wolfgang ignored him.
“You know, sometimes I think he understands everything I say,” Phyl admitted sheepishly.  “Does that sound silly?”
“Not at all,” Wolfgang reassured her.  “I feel exactly the same way.”
“Whether you mean it or not, thanks for saying it.”
“My dear,” Wolfgang said sternly “I never offer platitudes and I do not lie.  You would do well to keep that in mind.”
“Yes sir,” Phyl stiffly saluted and then burst into laughter.  “You know, even though you’re as serious as a heart attack most of the time, I think I’m going to like you.”
“I am gratified.”
“I believe you.”

Chapter 24

“They’ve found him,” Mr. Finch’s voice on phone sounded old and tired.
“And…” Wolfgang prompted tonelessly.
“Just as you suspected…he’s dead.”
“How did he die?”
“They’re saying he committed suicide, jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge.  He was fished out of the East River this morning.”
“That is unfortunate.”
“So where does that leave us?  All of our suspects are dead.”
“Do they have a time of death yet?”
“Hard to say at this point, but the coroner was estimating that the body had been in the water at least twenty four hours.”
“Then he was killed before my visit to Aaron’s office.”
“So you don’t buy the suicide story?”
“Do you?”
“No, I don’t suppose I do…that would be too much of a coincidence.   Does that leave Aaron as the most likely suspect?”
“Anything I offered would be simply speculation.”
“At this point I’d take your speculation over hard evidence any day.”
“My feeling is that Aaron had nothing to do with the theft or Fred’s death.”
“Then we are truly out of leads.”
“Do you know anything of a Leticia Morgan?”
“Aaron’s mistress…?  What does she have to do with this?”
“She was also involved with your son, as well as Daniel Downing.”
“I wish I could say I’m surprised, but my son never could resist a beautiful girl.  So you think it was possible that she’s the one behind it all and was using them both for her own ends?”
“It certainly looks that way…both were involved with her and both of them are now dead…but I do not see how it would benefit her.”
“Aaron is her sole means of support.  He pays for everything…her apartment, bills, clothes…and FLiM3 is Aaron’s only source of income.  Since he and Fred were having major issues before the…incident…I’d say that Aaron’s livelihood was in jeopardy and that would make Leticia a bit anxious.”
“Motive and opportunity…” Wolfgang mused aloud.  “Do you know her well?”
“Not really…I’ve met her, but that’s about it.”
“I have someone…” Wolfgang’s statement was interrupted by the sound of his cell phone.  “Would you mind if I called you back?  There is something I need to attend to.”
“No problem.  In the meantime, I’ll see what else I can find out about Leticia.”
Wolfgang hung up his office phone and answered his cell “Gar…?”
“I am so sorry, Wolfgang,” Priscilla wailed inconsolably.  “It is my fault.  I am so, so sorry.”
“What has happened, Priscilla?” Wolfgang questioned gently.
“I followed her to another woman’s apartment and waited outside, but then a third lady showed up and I recognized her from some pictures on Gar’s computer but I did not know her name so when they let her in I followed, hoping to discover who she was, and then I…I…I failed you,” she finished miserably.
“You have not failed me, Priscilla.  Take a deep metaphorical breath and tell me exactly what has occurred…and use names please.”
There was a slight pause before Priscilla began in a much calmer voice.
“I followed Leticia to a woman’s apartment…her mailbox in the foyer said Marisa Martin…and I stayed outside because I had not been invited in, but I could hear them arguing.  Then another woman showed up, I did not know who she was, but I had seen her picture on Gar’s computer so when the Marisa woman opened the door I followed the lady in.”
“And you were punished…?”
“Yes,” Priscilla answered in a subdued voice.  “By the time I was released it was too late…they were both dead so I came back here, to the apartment, to call you.”
“Who was dead?”
“Leticia and Marisa…”
“And the third woman…?”
“She was gone.”
“She killed them?”
“I am not certain what happened, but the two dead women each had a gun in their hand.”
“So they either shot each other or the third woman shot them both and then set up the scene to appear that they had shot one another.  Have you been able to identify the third woman?”
“Yes, Gar pulled up all of the pictures and I found her.”
“Who was she?”
“Sasha Masters…Aaron’s wife…”

Chapter 25

“So much death,” Mr. Finch shook his head sadly at the sight of the two bodies sprawled on the floor of the apartment as he spoke into his cell phone.
“And there will be more if we do not stop the person behind all of this.”
“The person…?  But I was under the impression that Leticia…”
“I, too, was under that impression, but although Leticia was undoubtedly part of the scheme, there is another party involved who may be the true mastermind behind the plot.”
“Who…?”
“Sasha Masters…”
“You’re saying that Aaron’s wife and mistress were working together?” he asked incredulously.
“There is a witness who places Mrs. Masters there at the apartment just before the shooting.”
“A witness…who…where…?  And why haven’t they gone to the police?”
“I can not explain, but for this particular witness that is not an option.”
“How…?”
“Please do not ask…on a positive note, if one witness can place her at the scene, perhaps we can find another…?”
“I’ll have my office send over a picture and suggest to the police that they canvas the neighborhood.”
“Thank you…your tactfulness is greatly appreciated.”
“You are, after all, my client.  I’ll be sure that my bill amply reflects your gratitude.”
“I would expect no less...as will be reflected in my timely payment.”
“Should I arrange for Sasha to be…followed?”
“That has already been taken care of.”
“So for now I suppose we watch and wait,” he sighed.  “Are you still of the opinion that Aaron is not involved?”
“He is involved, but only to the extent of being the reason for everything Sasha has done.  I believe that Sasha and Leticia had the same motive…Aaron is or was their bread and butter and that, according to you, was in jeopardy.  For some people poverty, or the prospect of poverty, makes for strange bedfellows.”
“They have both been living pretty high on the hog.  I can see how even the remotest chance of losing it all might spur them into doing something drastic.”
“Phyllis was not the original beneficiary of Fred’s will…?”
“No, originally Aaron and Thomas were…equal shares.”
“When did Fred have it revised to read only Phyllis?”
“He had me change it a few months before he was accused of theft.  Aaron and he were disagreeing about almost everything to do with the running of the company and Fred was afraid that between Thomas’ disinterest, Aaron’s mismanagement and Sasha’s spending habits, the company wouldn’t stand a chance after he was gone.”
“What types of disagreements?”
“Oh mostly to do with the quality of the merchandise…Aaron wanted to use cheaper materials while still charging the same.  Of course Fred flatly refused to even consider it.”
“And whose side did Thomas take?”
“Thomas refused to get involved.  He’s an inventor and has never demonstrated any desire to become a businessman.”
“I can see why the two sons were excluded, but why was Lance left out of the will?”
“Fred had his reasons, but he never told me what they were…just said that it was for the best.  You think Sasha knew about the will, don’t you?”
“The timing is rather coincidental,” Wolfgang shrugged.
“It makes sense, now that I think about it,” Mr. Finch said slowly.  “There were only a handful of people who knew he’d had a change of heart and revised his will…and before you ask…yes, my son knew.  I believe we have to assume that whatever he knew, Leticia knew…”
“So by default that would mean Sasha had the information as well if they were in collusion.”
“Where does that leave us?”
“Before we discuss that, there is someone I need to see.  I shall be in touch.”
“The five most dreaded words in the English language,” Mr. Finch murmured as slipped his cell phone into his pocket.

~ * * ~

“Thank you for seeing me again, Mr. Masters,” Wolfgang offered politely as the two men shook hands.
“Aaron,” he insisted.
Wolfgang nodded in acknowledgement.
“Please have a seat.”
“Thank you.  Your son…?” Wolfgang asked as he seated himself in front of the huge wall of glass.
“Thomas has him running errands, but he should be back shortly.”
“Thomas…?”
“My brother…Lance is working his way through Development right now and Thomas runs that department.  I wanted Lance to get an overview of the whole company so I suggested to my father that he be allowed to move from department to department to see how things work from the ground up as Thomas and I did.”
“And your father was in agreement?”
“My father…well…he didn’t see the need, which I didn’t understand at the time, but now…”
“Now…?” Wolfgang prompted.
“Now I can see that he never had any intention of allowing Lance, or me for that matter, to run the company,” Aaron continued bitterly.
“Nice view,” Wolfgang stood and moved to the closed French doors.  “I envy you your balcony.”
“That thing has been nothing but trouble,” Aaron said in disgust.
“You are referring to the recent accident?”
“Yes…I feel it was my fault.  I knew the railing was loose and I was sure I had locked the doors.  I still can’t figure how they were able to get out there, but I am certainly glad you and your dog were in the vicinity when it happened.  Thomas told me all about it.”
“Are you the only one in possession of a key…?  Perhaps someone else unlocked it…?”
“Sasha has one, but she is seldom here…business matters are too boring for her,” he replied a trifle bitterly “although she likes spending the money it makes well enough.  Marisa,” his voice cracked “has…had the only other key, but I know she wouldn’t have unlocked the door.  She was with me when we first discovered the problem.”
“Hey Dad,” a voice greeted Aaron from the doorway.  “You wanted to see me?”
“Lance, this is Mr. Jaeger…the owner of the dog who saved Phyl.”
“Mr. Jaeger,” the young man nodded agreeably at Wolfgang who reciprocated in kind.  “So…what’s up?”
“I am interested in the aerie you mentioned to your cousin and were attempting to show her when she fell.”
“Aerie…?” Lance asked blankly.
“The nest where you claim to have seen the bald eagle…” Wolfgang elaborated.  “I can not seem to find it.  Perhaps you would be so kind as to show it to me.”
“Oh, well, I don’t know where it is…someone just told me about it and so Phyl and I were trying to find it.”
“Do you remember who told you?”
“Why is that important?”
“The bald eagle was only recently taken off of the endangered species list…it should be important to all of us,” Wolfgang returned gravely.
“Answer his question, Lance, who told you about it?”
“Daniel…his window is almost directly below yours and he noticed something one day as he was driving up and happened to mention it to me and thought I might be able to see it from your balcony…okay…no big deal.  I’ve said I’m sorry.  What else do you want from me?”
“Mr. Jaeger…?” Aaron began.
“Just so we are clear…there was no aerie…?” Wolfgang pressed.
“I don’t know,” Lance replied irritably.  “I couldn’t find one, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t there.”
“Where did you get the key you used to unlock the French doors?”
“Why would you think I had a key?”
“I have talked to Phyllis,” Wolfgang assured him…which was true…if not the whole truth.
“She is such a tattletale,” Lance muttered darkly.
“What?” Aaron asked, startled.  “You didn’t tell me that you had a key…you said the doors were unlocked when you got here.”
“It slipped my mind,” Lance answered sullenly.
“Who gave you the key?” he demanded.
“I took it…from Mom’s purse.”
“Mr. Jaeger, I’d like to thank you for bringing this to light and ask you to excuse us.  My son and I have some things to discuss.”
“Certainly,” Wolfgang rose obediently and moved towards the door.  Turning back towards the duo as if he had just thought of something he asked, “There are a few more things I would like to know, Mr. Masters, if you don’t mind…?” 
Aaron nodded.
“Does your mother know that you borrowed her key?”
“No,” he answered sullenly.  “I put it back before she noticed it was missing.”
“How did you know which key it was?”
He hesitated a moment replying.
“She must’ve told me about it sometime or other.”
“Was the key on a ring by itself or were there other keys with it?”
Again a slight hesitation before answering “I don’t remember.”
“How long was the key in your possession before you returned it?”
“Why does that matter?” he asked truculently.
“Answer the question,” his father ordered.
“I got it out of her purse while she was sleeping the night before the…accident…and put it back the next night…so I guess about twenty-four hours.”
“Thank you.  I shall take my leave of you,” Wolfgang nodded politely and quickly exited before Aaron could ask the questions hovering on his lips.
The receptionist’s desk was eerily silent and empty as Wolfgang headed towards the elevator and he wondered whether Aaron had not the time or the heart to fill Marisa’s position either in his office or his bed.  
Aaron Masters had not struck him as a man of deep abiding emotional attachments, but it was possible he was wrong.  Although judging by what Wolfgang had learned about Aaron’s son in the short interview he had just conducted, as well as the information that he had on his wife, odds were the whole family was emotionally handicapped.
Lance had lied to him on almost every point, as was evidenced by his erratic heartbeat, so either he was a compulsive liar or he had something to hide.
Wolfgang was betting on the latter.

Chapter 26

“How convenient,” Gar snorted.  “Blame it on the dead guy.”
“He was lying,” Wolfgang conceded “but of course we have no proof.”
“Dead men don’t talk,” Gar growled.  “Well…with a few obvious exceptions.”
“We are not dead.”
“I wouldn’t exactly call this living.”
“I agree that our existence is rather unpalatable at times…”
 “Well, at least you look human.  I’m an animal.”
“You have never expressed so much negativity about your…er…situation before.  Has something occurred which has soured you or are you just beginning to realize the implications of your predicament?”
“I’m fine,” he replied shortly.
Wolfgang pondered for a moment then asked, “Does this have anything to do with your growing attachment to Phyllis?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Oh good, you are here,” Priscilla moved to hover beside Wolfgang.
“Is she at home?” 
“Yes, she spent the morning at the country club with her boyfriend and arrived home ten minutes ago.”
“Did she receive any phone calls?”
“No…definitely not.”
“Thank you…”
“Good…great,” Gar interrupted impatiently “now get to Phyl’s and keep a close eye on her.”
“I will only be able to watch from outside…” Priscilla began.
“Get a move on…” Gar growled.
“Huffy,” Priscilla accused as she floated away.
“I still don’t understand why Priscilla couldn’t go in with you.  I need to be guarding Phyl.”
“We need to know if her scent was present at any of the crime scenes and you are the only one of us on site after the shooting incident.  If not, having her scent may be helpful in the future.”  
“As soon as I get her scent and say ‘no she wasn’t there’ then I can go?”
“Our visit will be brief,” Wolfgang reassured him as he pressed the doorbell.  “I shall simply ask her a few questions and then take my leave.  I am certain Lance was lying, but I have no idea why.  I suspect interviewing her will serve to clarify a few things.”
A middle-aged woman wearing a uniform answered the door.
“Yes…?” she asked suspiciously eyeing the huge black dog.
“I am here to see Mrs. Masters,” Wolfgang informed her politely.
“I’m sorry but she isn’t receiving visitors at this time,” the woman replied in a practiced monotone as she moved to shut the door.
“It is in regards to her son,” Wolfgang continued “and his cousin Phyllis Masters involving an accident which occurred recently.  Please inform Mrs. Masters.”
“Are you with the police?”
“No, however, if Mrs. Masters refuses to see me her next visitor may indeed be a police officer.”
“I’ll let her know,” she replied as she closed the door.
Less than a minute later the two of them were installed in a sitting room off the foyer and after having turned down refreshment were informed that Mrs. Masters would be with them shortly.
“Do you have a head count…?” Wolfgang murmured.
“One upstairs, probably Mrs. Masters, two in the kitchen, and some sort of small animal close by…”
Even as Gar finished speaking a small cat pushed between the partially closed double doors of the room and wandered in sniffing the air delicately.
A growl began low in Gar’s throat and the cat’s head shot up.  Arching its back, the cat hissed violently, but at the sight of the gigantic black monster approaching, turned tail and ran back out into the foyer.
“Do you sense Lance?” 
“No…I don’t think he’s here.”
“Nor I,” Wolfgang admitted.  “He is almost certainly still at the office.  I would say that is a good thing.  The mother and son will not have time to synchronize and perfect their stories.”
One minute turned into two, which turned into five and then ten before Sasha Masters showed up…Gar’s tail impatiently thumping on the expensive hardwood floor the whole time.
Mrs. Masters floated into the sitting room in a flowing cornflower blue silk robe—her hair in a loose bun, damp tendrils clinging to the sides of her neck, obviously fresh out of the shower or bath—languidly holding her hand out to Wolfgang in greeting.
“Mr. Jaeger, I am so sorry to keep you waiting.  I had no idea it was you who wanted to see me,” she batted her long eyelashes coquettishly.
Gar was hard put to conceal his amusement as he quickly disguised his laughter with a bark.
“Mrs. Masters,” Wolfgang took her hand briefly before allowing it to drop.
“Oh, you brought a dog…he’s awfully big isn’t he?”  She wrinkled her nose in distaste.  “I am more of a cat person, myself.  You don’t think he’d attack my cat, do you?  I have enough trouble keeping one as it is.”
“Your cat is safe, Mrs. Masters,” Wolfgang assured her solemnly.  “I realize you are a very busy woman so I shall be brief.  Your husband mentioned that you have a key to the French doors in his office.”
“Do I?” she replied distractedly as Gar edged over towards her.
“Gar, sit,” Wolfgang ordered in irritation.  “According to your husband you do.  Do you know where the key is?”
“I don’t remember…I haven’t used it in years.”
“Most women keep their keys in their purse.  Perhaps you could check…?”
“I don’t have to check…I don’t carry keys of any sort with me.  Why should I?”
“Generally people carry their car keys…their house keys…” Wolfgang prompted.
“I have a driver and somebody is always here so why bother?  Why are you so concerned about a silly key?”
Wolfgang and Gar exchanged a perplexed look.  Either Mrs. Masters was totally incapable of masterminding anything or else she deserved an Emmy.
“Mrs. Masters, why were you at Marisa Martin’s apartment?” Wolfgang asked bluntly.
“How did you know…?”
“That is unimportant right now…please answer the question.”
Mrs. Masters’ mouth was moving but nothing was forthcoming.
“Were you jealous of her affair with your husband?”
“Marisa was sleeping with Aaron?” she asked incredulously. 
“You were not there for Marisa…you were following Leticia,” Wolfgang murmured.  
“I had to stop that greedy, grasping bitch from ruining his life!”
“You were upset about the money your husband was spending on Leticia?”
“My husband…I don’t give a damn about my husband…he can rot in hell for all I care.  I was protecting Lance.  He’s the only one that matters.”
“Leticia and Lance…?”
“I found out that she’d seduced him and so I called her…threatened to report her to the police because he’s underage, but she laughed at me and said go ahead and do it…she didn’t care.  I decided then and there to confront her in person, but after my driver dropped me off near her apartment I saw that she was leaving.  I grabbed a taxi and followed her.”
“You killed them both and made it look like they shot each other.”
“Killed them…?” Mrs. Masters repeated in shock.  “They’re dead?”
“They were found dead after you were seen entering the apartment.”
“NO!   I wouldn’t…I couldn’t…I swear I’ve never killed anybody.  They were both alive when I left them.  Marisa was shocked and said she’d tell Aaron what was going on between Lance and Leticia and I was satisfied with that.  I knew Aaron wouldn’t tolerate his lover seducing his son and he’d get rid of her.  I never thought they would kill each other,” she hollered after them as Wolfgang and Gar moved quickly towards the front door.  
As soon as Wolfgang opened the door, Gar shot through it like a bullet from a gun.
Lance was the common denominator and Phyl was still between him and the considerable Masters fortune.  After Wolfgang’s talk with him, he would know he was a suspect.
Phyl was in danger and once again, as he had when Phyl’s grandfather had needed him, he found himself in the position of being too damn far away to do anything about it.
He gritted his teeth and concentrated on finding more speed from deep within himself.
Failure was not an option.

~ * * ~

“I see you’re all alone today,” a voice noted from the door of her bedroom.  “No parents…no stupid dog.”
“Oh, Lance, you startled me.  Aren’t you supposed to be at work?”
“What’s the point?  My dad told me today he’s dropping the lawsuit so…”
“I’m sorry,” Phyl said contritely.  “I wasn’t going to fight it, you know.  Mom and Dad thought it was for the best.”
“How generous of you,” Lance said bitterly.  “Sweet little ole Phyl, so much like her grandfather…why look they even have the same eyes,” he mocked.
“Why are you acting this way, Lance?” Phyl asked in concern.  “Do you feel okay?  This isn’t like you.”
“You have no idea what I’m like…you only see what I let you see.”
“What do you mean?”
Lance moved into the room and roughly grabbed Phyl by both arms and shook her.
“Do you have any idea how much I hate you?”
“Y…y…you hate me?” Phyl blinked in surprise.  “Why?”
“For all the years I spent listening to people go on and on about how wonderful you are…how smart, how pretty, how athletic…how sickening.”
“I never knew you felt that way.”
“Because no one realized where my true talents lie…I’m an actor…an actor of such incredible proportions that no one has ever suspected that I’m also a genius.  I have everyone fooled and will continue to fool them when I become the head of FLiM3.”
“You’re insane,” Phyl said in amazement.  “How could I have missed that all these years?”
“And you’re inane,” Lance taunted “which I’ve known all along.”
“I’m not going to let you take my company.”
“Oh, so now it’s your company.  Well, don’t worry, it won’t be for long.”
“I don’t know what you have planned, but I’ll stop you.”
“Like you could,” Lance said scornfully.
“I will…now get out of my house before I call the police!”
“I’m afraid I can’t let you do that,” Lance grinned wickedly as he threw her on the bed and pinned her down.  “You’re in the way and I don’t plan to let anything stop me.  I wish I could strangle you,” he mused as one of his hands found its way to her throat and encircled it “that would be an incredible rush…much better than my mother’s cats…but, alas, I have to make your death look like a suicide so I’m afraid I’ll have to settle for tossing you out the window…head first of course…as this is only a two storey house and you might miss those nice little pointy things sticking out the top of the brick fence down there.”
“You wouldn’t…”
“Oh, but I would…and enjoy every minute of it.  You were always the favorite…nothing I ever did was good enough for the old man…and I never understood why until a year ago.”
“A year ago…?”
“I asked the old geezer flat out why he didn’t want me in the company and that’s when he told me I wasn’t a Masters…that I was a bastard…”
“You…you aren’t a Masters?” Phyl repeated blankly.  
“My mother was already pregnant by some loser gang banger, but she tricked my fa…Aaron…into sleeping with her and convinced him she was having his kid,” he continued absently, allowing his thumb to apply pressure to her throat. 
“Don’t…” her voice was barely a whisper.
He eased up on her throat allowing her to breathe again.
“I think I’ll let you live just long enough to realize how smart I am…no one else will ever know, but you will…and before you die you’re going to admit it.”
“You’re insane.”
“And your inane…we’ve already established that…now stop interrupting.  You see I had a plan...and it was all going well until Fred changed his will.  That’s when Leticia and I had to step it up a notch.”
“Leticia…?”
“I found Leticia turning tricks in some back alley, cleaned her up and then orchestrated an accidental meeting between her and Aaron.  You see I long ago discovered that Aaron has no self-control and will chase anything in a skirt and she had him eating out of her hand in no time at all.”
“Why would you do that?”
“I planned to kill off ole Fred and frame Thomas…with Leticia’s help, of course…which would leave me directly in line for the throne, but when Fred threw a wrench in the works by changing his will I had to figure out a way to discredit him before killing him off.  That’s when I had Leticia bring in Downing and Finch to do all the dirty work.”
“You had him killed?”
“Stop butting in…I want to finish my story and finish you off before supper,” Lance chided.  “So, Leticia convinced Downing to rip off the company and frame Fred for it then, once Finch figured out his dad was meeting up with Fred behind everyone’s back, Leticia got Finch to find and hire some thugs to get rid of him.  She was quite a woman…taught me a lot.  I’ll certainly miss her.”
“Miss her…?”
“Oh yeah, I had to kill her and Aaron’s other mistress because my mom found out about my relationship with Leticia…my sexual one anyway.  Made it look like they killed each other out of jealousy over their shared lover.”
“Your dad had two…?”
“He is not my dad,” Lance snapped.  “You know, I never could get you to shut up.  You are extremely annoying.  I may have to change my mind and strangle you anyway…”
“Not on my watch,” a voice growled near his ear.
“What the…?” Lance sputtered as his whole body rose into the air.
Gar didn’t hesitate as he bounded over to the window, the back of Lance’s collar firmly locked in his teeth, while Lance unsuccessfully struggled to gain some footing on the floor.
“Phyl,” Lance yelled, “Call him off!  Call your dog off!”
“Gar…” Phyl began in alarm as she sat up in the bed, but the shattering of the window and Lance’s scream effectively cut her off.
The scream didn’t last long and then there was complete and eerie silence.  
Phyl slid slowly off the bed, feeling as though she were in the middle of a slow motion horror flick, and walked over to stand by Gar as he stood staring down at the figure lying prone across the top of the brick fence, head and abdomen speared by the pointed tips of the wrought iron railing and protruding through the back of his head and spinal column.
Wolfgang, appearing a split-second too late to stop Gar, caught Phyl as she fainted dead away and gently placed her on the bed.
“Priscilla, accompany Gar to the apartment ensuring his safe arrival before…”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Gar protested stubbornly.  “Phyl needs me.”
“You will suffer through three days of punishment, minimum,” Wolfgang pointed out calmly.  “Do you wish for her to think you are dead?”
Gar growled in frustration before reluctantly admitting defeat.  Jumping through the window where Priscilla had been hovering anxiously, he sped down the road.
“Priscilla, if you would return to check on me within four minutes I would be most grateful.  I am uncertain if trespassing in this instance will be considered a transgression.”
“I shall return as soon as possible,” Priscilla promised and then was gone.
“Gar…” Phyl murmured groggily from the bed.
“Gar is not here,” Wolfgang said gently as he gingerly sat down next to her “and I must leave soon.”
Phyl sat bolt upright in bed and then promptly regretted it as the heaving began.  Silently Wolfgang offered her the small trashcan from under her desk and rose to leave.
“No,” she choked out in between heaves.
“I shall return…”
“He spoke,” she said carefully swinging her feet over the side of the bed, the heaving under control for the moment.
“Do you remember I once told you that I never lie?”
“Yes…” she acknowledged doubtfully.
“I make you a solemn promise here and now that I will explain everything in due time…”
“But…” Phyl prompted, knowing he wasn’t finished yet.
“But I need a promise from you, too.  When you tell people what happened here today, please omit that part.”
“You mean the part where your dog can talk?”
“Yes, that part,” Wolfgang conceded reluctantly. 
“So it really did happen,” she said almost to herself.  “Promise me I will see you and Gar again…promise me…” she urged.
“If it is within our capabilities, I promise you will see us again and I shall explain.  Now I must take my leave.”
And with that he was gone.
“A dog that talks,” Phyl murmured in wonder.  “How cool is that?”

Chapter 27

“Oh man, talk about your morning-breath,” Gar groaned as he tentatively lifted his head.  “How long…?”
“Five days,” Wolfgang informed him expressionlessly as he sat at the dining table perusing the morning newspaper.
“You said three,” he accused.
“If you will recall, I also succeeded it with the word ‘minimum’.”
“Do I want to know how you knew that?”
“No.”
“Phyl!” he jumped up anxiously.
“Phyllis is fine.  There is no danger now that young Lance is dead.  You will need to hunt before you see her.  I did not wish to add to your punishment or turn you into what you refer to as a ‘werewolf’, so I refrained from injecting you with blood of any type while you were…unconscious.”
Gar padded into the bathroom and examined himself in the full-length mirror hanging on the back of the door.
“Yuck…I look gross!” he hollered from the bathroom.
“And that would be unusual because…” Priscilla said mischievously.
“Priscilla!” Wolfgang exclaimed in surprise.
“What can I say?  He is rubbing off on…” she was interrupted by ferocious growl from the bathroom.  “Gar…?” she began in alarm as she hurriedly floated towards the bathroom.
Wolfgang unhurriedly closed his paper and waited.  He knew what the growl signified…had been waiting for it.
“Be gone, Devil,” Priscilla hissed.
“Now, now my dear…is that anyway to greet an old friend?”
“You are no friend of mine…be gone, Devil.”
“Priscilla,” Wolfgang called from the dining room “That will not work this time.  Varian is here for Gar…not for you.”
Varian appeared in the doorway of the bathroom clicking his tongue and shaking his head.
“I should have known you would once again stick your aristocratic nose in where it did not belong, Your Grace.”
Gar and Priscilla shoved Varian out of the way as they moved out of the bathroom to join Wolfgang.
“Gar does not want anything to do with you,” Priscilla informed Varian coldly.
“And in case you can’t see it,” Gar added tauntingly “Priscilla is sticking her tongue out at you.”
“Come now, Gar,” Varian said reprovingly “I gave you exactly what you wanted...and see…it all worked out rather splendidly.  Everyone involved in Fred’s murder is dead and now you can let go and finally be at peace.”
“Oh yeah, hell sounds like such a peaceful place,” Gar returned sarcastically.
“I can see that His Lordship has poisoned your mind against me,” Varian mourned.  “That is a great pity.”
“Actually you’re not all that hot a topic…we’ve barely mentioned you at all.”
“Perhaps we could have this discussion…elsewhere,” Varian suggested politely.
“It won’t make a difference…I’m still gonna tell you to go to hell…or stay the hell away from me…or you haven’t a hope in hell…or when hell freezes over…see what I did there,” Gar laughed humorlessly “I know who you are and what you want and you’re barking up the wrong tree…see there I go again…I’m on a roll today.”
“Yes,” Varian agreed sourly “you are quite the comedian.  I shall give you time to reconsider your decision and I…”
“Be gone, Devil,” Gar growled and the three of them were alone once more.  “Well, I guess I told him,” he continued in a rather shaky voice.
“You certainly did,” Wolfgang conceded as he rose and moved towards the apartment door.  “Wait until tonight before making a hunting trip,” he reminded him as he donned his sunglasses and automatically checked his reflection in the mirror.
“I know, I know,” Gar replied irritably.
Wolfgang shut the door and moved towards the elevator.
“Good job, Gar,” he murmured approvingly “Very well done.”
He heard a very faint “About time” as the elevator doors closed on his smiling countenance.

~ * * ~

“Dr. Preston is here to see you,” the lobby receptionists voice informed him politely over the intercom.  “She doesn’t have an appointment…should I…?”
“Send her up,” Wolfgang interrupted with uncharacteristic abruptness.
“Yes sir,” the voice replied promptly.
Able to sense her movements as she stepped off the elevator, Wolfgang retrieved a bottle of water from his mini-fridge, placed it on the desk, waited until she had introduced herself to his secretary, and then opened the door.
“Dr. Preston,” he acknowledged impassively “this is a surprise.”
“Mr. Jaeger,” she returned unsmilingly “I’m sorry to just show up like this, but I needed to speak to you.”
“Please come in.”
He closed the door and waved her towards the same chair she had occupied on her last visit.
“You remembered,” she smiled slightly as she picked up the water bottle from the desk.
“I am cursed with a memory that does not allow me to forget things easily.”
“Ah…you have a photographic memory.”
“I suppose one could call it that…now, tell me,” he continued briskly as he seated himself behind the desk “what can I do for you?”
Dr. Preston closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
“It is that bad…?”
She opened her eyes and exhaled, meeting his with a type of pleading in them.  For a moment, Wolfgang was transported back into time…and Wilhelmina was once more begging him to understand and not think too badly of her for protecting her children.  The eyes…her eyes…they were the same…and they were speaking to him.
He had avoiding researching Wilhelmina Preston’s ancestry, reluctant to actually prove that she was a descendent of the woman he had loved, but as his intense gaze bore into the eyes of the woman in front of him he knew without a doubt that she was a throwback to that ancient time and that somehow Wilhelmina…his Wilhelmina…had been reincarnated and was sitting right there with him.
There were subtle differences…the determination and confidence clearly visible in the modern Wilhelmina’s face had been lacking in the older version, the hair not quite as blonde in the new version, the eyes a shade lighter, the lips not as full, the nose stronger…but there was no doubt about her ancestry.
Wolfgang could even detect an aroma that was reminiscent of his Wilhelmina…something in her blood that had survived the centuries of dilution…something so slight as to be almost imagined, but not…
All of Wolfgang’s thoughts were flitting through his brain like lightening and it took a concerted effort to refocus his attention on what she was saying.
“I think so…I didn’t know who else to…I’m sorry…maybe this isn’t such a good idea.”
Wolfgang could see she was growing uncomfortable under his fierce scrutiny and forced himself to relax.
“No, it is I who should apologize…you simply remind me of someone and now that I have established the identity of…that person…I shall refrain from ogling you.”
“Oh…I see…okay…well…”
“Please continue…”
“It may be nothing, but I thought that you…since we’d already talked about Blood Unlimited…with the connections you have…and after hearing on the news how you and your dog helped uncover the truth about the whole Masters thing…I just thought maybe you could help me figure out what’s going on.”
“Blood Unlimited is involved?” Wolfgang frowned.
“Maybe, I’m not sure.  After the mismarked bag incident I happened to mention it to a…friend of mine…a newspaper reporter, and he thought there might be a story there so he applied for a job with them.”
“Did he find anything?”
“I don’t know…that’s just it…he’s missing.”

~ * * ~

In a cheap hotel room, halfway across the country, a man stood unmoving, eyes glued to the television screen as the cooling body behind him stared at the ceiling with lifeless, unseeing eyes.
The man reached out to adjust the dial in order to increase the volume and the announcer’s voice slowly became audible “…however, the owner of the dog, the man in this photograph…multi-millionaire Wolfgang von Jaeger of Von Jaeger Industries…was not available for comment.”
As a picture flashed across the screen, he felt a myriad of emotions coursing through his body conflicting him; fear, confusion, anger, along with yearnings he did not understand.
“It is not known at this time exactly…”
The television announcer was cut off by a foot smashing viciously through the screen and for a moment the only sound in the room was the labored breathing of the man as he fought to calm himself.
Comprehension came to him slowly as his very existence finally began to make an odd sort of sense.
Gradually an evil grin spread across his face, even while his eyes remained coldly empty.
“Hello, Father.”
The End

Coming sometime in the future, the next book in the Blood Vow Series…Devil’s Spawn.  Watch for it!
Like L. M. Reed on Facebook for updates on upcoming books
Go to lmreed.com for links to all of L. M. Reed’s books


