Blood Memories – A Collection of Novellas
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2016 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


* * * * * *



WARNING

The following novellas contains sexual contents and strong violence.


* * * * * *



Acknowledgements

I’d like to thank Bradley Renshaw, Dallas Wiens, and Marino Flores for helping me write the following three novellas. As always, your ideas are inspirational to me. I hope you enjoyed reading these novellas as much as I enjoyed writing them, and I hope that by the end of this book, you get a better glimpse into the lives of Ari, Jailyn, and Freya.


* * * * * *



Author’s Notes

When I first began writing Ari’s story, I thought it was just going to be one novella, and not a collection of three. Of course, as ideas came to me, I began planning for the two stories that were to follow. Ari’s storey picks up immediately after the end of Blood Descent, book 8 in this series. Some of the scenes I wanted to include in her novella didn’t make it, because they either couldn’t fit, or it was just wrong timing for those scenes. In her novella, you’ll see what happens to her in the aftermath of the attack. With the others by her side, you’ll see her struggle, and hopefully overcome whatever is thrown her way. After all, no one messes with Ariella Stanton and her family. Even at her weakest moments, she is not one to be taken down so easily.


* * * * * *



Part I

Ari

“I have a perfect cure for a sore throat… cut it.”

— Alfred Hitchcock


* * * * * *



Chapter One

Darkness clung to me, unwilling to let me go. It was like being cover in cold slime, sticky and resistant against my weak attempts to break through. My eyes were opened, but unseeing as I desperately tried to break through the thick veil. Something cold trickled down my throat, and I instinctively swallowed. “Ari? Can you hear me?” Sarisa’s voice sounded so far away, muffled, as if I was hearing her from underwater. I continued to swallow the trickle of blood, forcing myself to blink. The effort for such a simple action was like fighting against a god damn riptide. I kept on blinking until the room I was in slowly came into focus. With much effort, I touched my tongue to the bag and pushed weakly at it. It was fucking embarrassing to say the least. Sarisa removed the bag of blood, and I did my best not to drool. Instead, I swallowed the buildup saliva and tried to move. Failing miserably, I groaned, unable to even move an inch. Behind me, Tristan shifted, moving me until my back was to his chest. “Do you know where you are?” Sarisa asked, disappearing from my line of sight. “Do you know who I am? Do you know who you are?” I tried to speak, but all I did was suck in a tiny amount of air. Sarisa came back into view and grimaced. “Go ahead and feed her.” A second later, the scent of Tristan’s blood filled my nose, as he leaned back and pressed his wrist to my mouth. His arm around my stomach tightened as I swallowed the first mouthful. I guess it was a good thing since I all but jerked violently against him, as the jolt from his blood shot through me like fucking shockwaves.
“Ah,” I gasped, pushing his wrist away. “Shit.” Tristan grunted as I pushed myself into a sitting position, his arm still around me.
“Well,” Sarisa said with a smirk. “Hi to you, too.” I looked around, finally noticing that Freya, Jailyn, and Skyler were also in the room. “How do you feel?” I paused, mentally examining myself.
“I feel…” I hesitated, frowning. “Okay, I suppose.”
“What’s your name?”
I blinked at her. “What?”
“Just making sure that you’re not brain damaged.”
I scowled. “Oh, that’s nice of you.”
“Part of my job.” She shrugged. “So, who are you? Who am I? Who are all in this room?”
I sighed. “I’m Ari. You are Sarisa. The rest of you are Freya, Skyler, Jailyn, and Tristan. Do I have to point them out, too?” Sarisa actually looked thoughtful, and I growled.
“Okay,” she said, putting up her hands. “Okay, you don’t need to point them out.”
I closed my eyes as a cold chill came over me. “I can also hear and smell Amaris around here somewhere,” I mumbled as I fell back against Tristan.
“Ari?” Sarisa asked, moving to my side and putting a cool hand on my arm. “Are you all right?”
“Mmhmm.”
“Are you sure?”
“Mmhmm.” Tristan gently moved me off of him as he slipped from the bed. His cold hands on me, he laid me flat on the blanket that was under me. I opened my eyes and stared blankly up at the ceiling, frowning. Scowling, Sarisa pressed her fingers into my stomach as she palpated the area. I grunted, slapping her hands away.
“I’m still not convinced.” The huntress—for the moment a healer—stepped back from the bed and cursed under her breath. Skyler moved from her corner of the room and came to sit beside me, her eyes narrowed as she studied me intently. Tristan cupped my chin with one hand while the other rested on my thigh. Peering into my eyes, he, too, scowled at me.
“What?” I muttered, as the chills continued to rack me. Dropping his hand, he nodded to Sarisa who came forward, and I realized that she was holding a thermometer. She poked it between my lips and scowled when I didn’t part them.
“Open.”
“Why—?” I yelped as she shoved the thermometer inside and under my tongue.
“Close,” she ordered, and I glowered at her and did what I was told. A few seconds later, the plastic stick beeped. “106.3 and rising,” she said dryly as she pulled it out. “And it’s not because you’re controlling your core temperature either.” I groaned and put my arm over my eyes as I shivered.
“Ah,” Skyler said slowly. “We don’t get sick?” she said, which came out more of a question than a statement.
“We don’t,” I said with a scowl. “But since I was almost killed by a demon…” I put my hand over Tristan’s and stroked the back of his hand with a finger as a low growl filled the room. “There are probably side effects.” I dropped my arm from my eyes and looked to Jailyn for confirmation. At her nod, I let out a sigh. “Damn, I was hoping I was wrong.”
“I’m sorry to disappoint,” the necromancer said as she sat on the edge of the bed and patted my leg.
“Do you know what will happen to me?”
She hesitated, and then shook her head. “Everyone is different.”
“Oh, that just makes me feel a whole lot better,” I muttered and squinted as an ache began to build behind my right eye. “And I’m about to get a headache.” I took in a deep breath through my nose and held it, as the pain built and built, until my vision blurred and tunneled. Tristan removed his hand from under mine and settled himself down beside me. He hissed as he pressed a cold hand to my forehead. It eased the pain slightly, but it was still agony. It felt like my head and a meat grinder had a go at each other, and at the moment, the grinder was kicking some major ass. My ears began ringing, until I couldn’t make out what in the ever-loving fuck Sarisa was saying to me. The scent of eucalyptus and cool, fresh winter mint filled my nose, and I blinked as my vision cleared and the pain lessened. The pain was still there, but it was more of a dull throb than anything. Freya’s magic was like a cold transparent bubble around me, soothing even.
“What did you do?” I asked with a tired sigh.
“I have numbed your pain slightly,” Freya replied softly as she leaned over me, her cold hands rubbing the sides of my neck. To anyone else, it would’ve looked like she was getting ready to strangle me, but I knew better. Everyone here did, because if she wanted to kill me, she didn’t even have to lift a finger to do it. Squeezing slightly, she released me and straightened to her full height. “Mind you, this is only temporary.” I nodded as Skyler moved off the bed and walked into the bathroom. I heard the sound of water coming on, and a few seconds later, she came back out, a folded wet washcloth in her hand. “Allow me,” Freya said and took it from her. Freya’s hand glowed blue, and a second later, tiny ice crystals could be seen on the washcloth. She handed this to Tristan, who removed his hand from my forehead, only to replace it with the ice-cold compress. I let out a sigh as the cold seeped into my body, causing me to shiver violently.
“Rest now,” Sarisa said to me and gestured to the door. “Everyone out.” Skyler hesitated, before moving to the door and opening it. Jailyn gave my leg a squeeze, and then she got up and slowly exited the room, dragging Skyler out with her. Freya and Sarisa nodded to Tristan before they walked out and closed the door behind them.
“Are you going to leave, too?” I asked and lifted my hand to stroke Tristan’s tensed arm. His muscles rippled under his skin, as if he was getting ready to pound someone’s head into a wall.
“I will have to, soon,” he said quietly as his ice-cold hand covered mine.
I frowned and peered at him, studying him. “How long was I out?”
“Too long for my liking,” he growled.
“And how long is that?”
He sighed and leaned back against the headboard. “A week or so.”
“That bad, huh?” He growled, and I pulled my hand from his and patted his thigh. He stiffened as I pushed myself into a half sitting position. Putting a hand on my shoulder, he pushed me back down with a scowl. Still shivering, I folded my arms and pouted up at the ceiling. For a long time, there was nothing but silence.
“Have you rescued Brynna?” I finally asked.
“We have,” he said with a sigh. “She’s in the infirmary. Elijah and Aisley are with her.”
I nodded, grunting as a stab of pain shot through my skull. “You should go hunt.” He just looked at me, saying nothing. “Go,” I said and shoved him off the bed. He landed on the floor with a grunt and a curse. I smirked and shifted, pulling the blanket from under me with a grunt of my own. When I was done, it felt like I had run a million-mile marathon. Panting, I fell back and allowed Tristan to cover me. “Go,” I mumbled when he didn’t leave. “I’m not going anywhere.” He let out a sigh and released the blanket. With a peck on my cheek, he straightened and reluctantly walked to the door.
“Skyler will be nearby if you need anything,” he growled as he opened the door and stepped out. “I will be back soon.” I nodded, wincing as another stab of pain hit me. He gave me one last long look before closing the door. When I could no longer feel him nearby, I let out a groan of pain and continued to shiver. Rolling onto my side and pulling the blanket over my head, I curled into a ball and closed my eyes.
I must have fallen asleep, because when I next opened my eyes, I was on my back, the blanket was on the floor, and I was sweating. I slowly sat up and looked around. Spotting a glass of water on the small table beside the bed, I grabbed it and drained it, sighing as the cold liquid went down my throat. Shuddering, I slowly got to my feet, cursing as the room spun around me. When it steadied, I slowly walked to the door and opened it. Stepping out, I looked around the living room, seeing no one. I couldn’t feel any presence nearby either. Shrugging, I went over to the steps leading up to the door that led out into the hall. Grumbling under my breath, I carefully made my way up, hoping that I wouldn’t fall on my face. At the landing, I paused and leaned against the wall, breathing hard. I glared at the glass cup I was still holding. Fucking shit, I was shaky and couldn’t do much about it. When I got my breathing under control, I straightened and opened the door. I sighed in relief when the hall was dark and not lit up like the noon sun. Exiting my apartment, I made my way down to the common area to find Freya sitting on the couch and staring off into space. She was the only one around as I moved to sit beside her. She didn’t say a word as her cold hand touched mine and removed the cup from my trembling fingers. She set the empty cup on the table in front of us and turned slightly to me. “How are you feeling?”
“Like shit,” I muttered and leaned back against the couch.
“Can I get you anything?”
“Blood would be nice.”
“Of course,” she said and got up. “Do not move,” she ordered as she disappeared into the kitchen.
“Yes, mother,” I mumbled.
“I am old enough to be your great times a trillion grandmother,” she said dryly. “But alas, I am not.”
“What a relief,” I said with a sigh as she came out, holding a tray filled with bags of blood. She sat back down beside me, grabbing up a bag before setting the tray on the table.
“Would you like it hot or cold?” I reached out and took the bag from her. “I will take that to mean you want it cold,” she said as I sank my fangs into the plastic. I shivered as I swallowed.
“Where are the others?” I asked as I quickly finished it off. Flicking the empty bag onto the table, I put my feet up and got into a more comfortable position.
“Most are out hunting,” she said, handing me another blood bag. “They will be back soon. Tristan was here earlier, but you were sleeping.” I nodded, draining the second bag and crumpling it up in my hand. “Another one?” I again nodded and let her take the plastic ball from me. I went through all twenty bags, and I was still hungry. Well, it was more like eight bags, but who the hell was counting?
“So, what demon attacked me?”
“It was a Kreeto,” Jailyn said from down the hall.
“I thought it was a Za'hara'gai?” Freya asked as the necromancer came into sight.
“That is what the report says, but I went out to the area to see for myself.”
“Ah, did you see the demon?”
“No,” Jailyn said as she stopped beside the table. “But the residual energy is unmistakably Kreeto.” She glanced at the empty bags of blood and gave us a questioning look. “Hungry much are we?”
“I’m still hungry,” I muttered.
Jailyn frowned and came over to me. “How hungry are you?” she asked and gently moved my feet off the table before crouching in front of me.
I shrugged and sat up straighter. “I’m usually good after four bags,” I said and groaned, still feeling like shit. I was cold, shivering and sweating. My vision was blurry, and my body felt numb.
“Bite Freya.” Freya was up and several feet away from me so fast that I laughed, and then I was coughing, tears rolling down my cheeks as my insides suddenly burned.
“Shit,” I gasped. “The fuck, am I PMS-ing?”
“Lean back,” Jailyn said as she got up and gently pushed me back. Pressing her hand to my forehead, she scowled. Freya flashed back to us and dropped down beside me, her hand going to my stomach and rubbing. “Are you going to puke?”
“I’m thinking about it,” I said, repeatedly swallowing and groaning as my stomach made a gurgling sound.
“If you are,” she said dryly. “Let me know so I can move out of the way.”
“I do not suppose another bag of blood will help,” Freya said and frowned. “Not even a hot one.”
“Fuck my life,” I said and let my head hit the wall behind me with a thump.
“You will be fine,” Jailyn said and removed her hand as Tristan appeared on the other side of Freya. He blinked at the empty bags of blood on the table as he shoved them away to make more room. Switching places with Freya, he pulled me into his arms as she disappeared into the kitchen, looking deep in thought. “Try feeding her,” Jailyn said to Tristan. “She says she is still hungry.”
“No, don’t,” I said with a sigh and snuggled into Tristan as his body temperature rose to fight off the chills I was having.
“Try a sip.”
I scowled. “If I throw up, I’m blaming you.”
“Deal,” she said as I grabbed Tristan’s wrist and slowly sank my fangs in, drawing a small amount of blood into my mouth. Pulling back, I hesitated, savoring the blood before swallowing.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

“So?” Jailyn asked slowly. “Do you want more?” She arched an eyebrow. “Do you crave it? And I don’t mean it in that way. If you two start kissing, I might have to gouge out my own eyes to save what’s left of my sanity.” I licked the remaining blood from Tristan’s healed wrist and frowned. Jailyn scowled, and Freya chuckled as I continued to lick at his wrist. For one, his erection was suddenly pressing into my ass, and two, everyone here could smell the arousal in the air.
“Yes…” I said slowly and let him pull his wrist from my slacken grip.
“Hmm,” Jailyn said thoughtfully as Freya came out of the kitchen holding a cup of mint tea in her hand. She slowly sipped at it and stared at me intently.
“You do hunger for vampire blood,” Freya said and narrowed her eyes on me as she sat back down on the couch. She elbowed Tristan in the side hard, and I smirked as he winced. He cursed as I used him for leverage to sit up straight in his lap. Shifting until I was looking directly at Freya, I frowned at her, ignoring the lovely Swedish profanities flying from his mouth. His arms came around me and held me still against him. After all, I was still shivering and shuddering, and it wasn’t in a good way, either. “But why do I hear a ‘but’?” Freya asked.
I shrugged. “I’m still hungry.”
“Here,” she said and held out her wrist to me.
“Every vampire here loves witch blood,” I said and leaned forward, taking hold of her wrist.
“That may be true, but we do not require it for sustenance.” I put my nose to her wrist and inhaled the cool scent deep into my lungs.
“Is this your natural scent?” I asked and continued to inhale and sniff her as Tristan played with my hair, as if the act itself relaxed him.
“It is,” Freya said, amusement in her voice. “Now stop sniffing and bite me before Tristan gets jealous.” Tristan stopped playing with my hair, long enough to pop Freya on the back of her head. She winced, rubbing at the sore spot with her free hand. Smirking, I bit into her wrist and drank deeply. After a minute, I withdrew my fangs and released her. “Well?” she asked when I didn’t say anything for a long time. “Are you still hungry?” I hesitated, and Tristan’s hand stilled in my hair as I slowly nodded.
“Interesting,” Jailyn said thoughtfully. “Very… interesting.” I harrumphed and leaned back against Tristan. “Look at me.”
I scowled. “I am.”
She arched an eyebrow. “You know what I mean.”
I grimaced. “Do I have to?” Behind me, Tristan stiffened, and my stomach began to quiver with nervousness.
She tapped the top of my head. “Come now, look into my eyes.” Taking a deep, shuddering breath, I forced myself to stare into her unblinking eyes. Her eyes glowed green, and my head was suddenly spinning. Dizziness washed over me, and it was all I could do not to throw up. “Fuck!” Jailyn exclaimed, and I found myself blinking rapidly as her eyes reverted back to their normal black. “God fucking damn it,” she growled. Tristan’s hand shot out, grabbing hold of her arm before she could take a step back.
“What is it?” Freya asked, setting her empty tea mug on the small table beside the couch. “It surely cannot be that bad.”
Jailyn pulled her arm from Tristan and scowled at him. “I need to consult with Sathia. I’ll be back in a minute,” she said and vanished into thin air.
“Am I hallucinating?” I asked a minute later. “Or did her eyes really glow green?”
“No illusions,” Freya said and grimaced.
“What is it that you are not telling me?” I asked slowly, suspiciously.
“I will leave that to Jailyn to answer, if she so wishes.” I scowled as Tristan stroked my arm in a comforting motion with hot fingers. As the silence stretched, his temperature went back to normal. No longer shivering but sweating, I pushed from his lap and would’ve fallen on my face if he hadn’t caught me.
“Where are you going?” Tristan asked as he got up to follow me from the common area. Before I could answer, Skyler rounded the corner, and my world spun as I came to an abrupt halt. Tristan’s arm came around me, holding me up as I let out a groan and all but went limp.
“Sorry,” Skyler said quickly. “Sorry.”
“It’s okay,” I said, taking a deep breath in and out. “Were you looking for me?” She nodded, and then hesitated, looking highly nervous. “What’s wrong?” I asked and straightened in Tristan’s arms.
“I saw a pack of rogues a couple of miles from the border.”
“How many?” Freya asked from behind us.
“Twelve.”
“Let me at them,” I said before anyone else could get a word out. Tristan stiffened, and Skyler let out a gasp so loud, as if I suddenly came out of the closet and announced to the world that I was a lesbian.
“Are you insane?” she asked. “In the condition you’re in?”
“Let her have a go at them,” Jailyn said, appearing at Skyler’s side.
“Jailyn!” Skyler spluttered. “She can barely stand!” Behind me, Tristan let out a feral snarl, tightening his hold on me, as if I was going to break it and lunge out the nearest window. Of course, I could always teleport away, but I didn’t have it in me to do anything. Jailyn stepped forward and put her hand on Tristan’s arm. A few seconds later, his snarl turned into a growl, and I frowned as he reluctantly released me. Freya’s cool hand closed around my upper arm before I could do a header with the floor.
“Perhaps we should all have a seat,” Freya said as she led me back into the common area of the compound. Skyler followed us in as Tristan and Jailyn stopped in the archway, having an intense silent conversation. I pulled away from Freya and flopped onto the couch. Staring up at the ceiling, I let out a heavy sigh that did nothing to lift my lethargic mood. At least I stopped shuddering and shivering, I thought grumpily.
“Fine,” Tristan snarled a minute later, still growling as he followed Jailyn over to where I was sitting. Stopping in front of me, Jailyn turned, wincing as she put a hand on his shoulder. The air in the room was so charged that I could barely breathe. After a few minutes that seemed like eternity, Tristan took in a deep, deep breath and the tension in his body slowly loosened. Oh, he was still pissed, but it looked like he wasn’t going to rip out Jailyn's throat anytime soon.
“So,” I said slowly. “Care to clue me in?”
Jailyn gave Tristan a light squeeze before releasing him. “I will see you all up above,” She hesitated and looked at me before turning her attention back on Tristan. “I will make sure that no harm comes to her,” she said, so low that I probably shouldn’t be able to hear her. I pulled my gaze from the ceiling and sat up straighter. Tristan’s eyes met mine and narrowed thoughtfully. “I give you my word,” she said, her eyes also narrowing on me in thought. Something crackled between them, and they both cursed colorfully as they staggered away from each other, as if the word binding itself went up a notch.
“What has happened?” Freya asked, looking between them in confusion as I scowled. Jailyn and Tristan stared at each other for a long time; none of them blinking. Nodding to him, she broke eye-contact and disappeared. “Tristan?” Freya prompted when he remained silent and unmoving. Skyler’s hand rested on my back, keeping me from leaning back into the couch. She moved in closer and wrapped her arms around me as Tristan came to crouch before us. Taking one of my hands into his own, he turned it over and stared at my wrist. I frowned as he touched a finger to the vein and stroked it thoughtfully. Though his hunger pulsed around me, I knew that he wasn’t thinking about whether he should bite me or not. This was more like he was looking for something, and I had no idea what the hell that was.
“What are you looking for?” Skyler asked. He stopped stroking my wrist, and I stiffened as a pocket knife suddenly appeared in his hand.
“What are you doing?” I asked slowly.
His hand tightened on mine, as if he was afraid I was going to pull away. “Forgive me, sweetheart,” he said softly and touched the cold tip of the blade to my wrist. Beside me, Skyler was a stiff as a board. Freya was as calm as ever, shooting Tristan a questioning look that he pointedly ignored. There was a sudden shift to the air, and Tristan was gone before I could even blink. There was a grunt and a curse as Sathia went flying into the wall.
“Hey!” the demon shouted. “Chill the fuck out, Speedy Gonzales!” she yelled and cursed as she was slammed headfirst into the wall. Freya jumped between them and put her hands on Tristan’s chest as he bared his fangs and snarled. Skyler let out a squeak as the building shuddered around us. Sathia, still cursing, slowly got to her feet and shook her head. “That really fucking hurt,” she growled and sighed. “I can see that you’re not ready to come up. I’ll let Jailyn know,” she said and was gone before Tristan could reacquaint her head with the solid, reinforced wall. Freya spoke gently, soothingly to Tristan, trying to coax him away from the edge.
“Help me up,” I muttered to Skyler. “I need to get to him before he brings down the building on top of our heads.” Helping me to my feet, we made our way over to Tristan, who was still snarling and looking about ready to throw Freya through the archway and down the length of the hall. I wrapped my arms around Tristan from behind and nuzzled the side of his neck. Freya dropped her hands from him and took a step back. “Tristan,” I said calmly and ran my hand up and down his tensed arm. “I’m here. She didn’t hurt me. No one here will.” I pressed up against his back and tightened my hold around him as I continue to nuzzle at his neck. “Take a deep breath and come back to me. I need you to help me get through whatever that is wrong with me.” After a long moment, the building stopped trembling, and I let out a relieved sigh as his snarl died down to a low growl. I loosened my hold slightly, and he turned, putting his arms around me and nuzzling my hair, as he took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Are you back with us?” I asked tiredly and rested my head against his chest, as my last ounce of energy left me. He grunted, rubbing my back as he led us back to the couch. “That wasn’t an answer,” I mumbled.
“Yes, it was,” he muttered and gently pushed me down onto the couch. “I’m going to kill the next person who appears unannounced.”
“No,” I said, amused. “You won’t.”
“And why is that?”
“Because I said so.” He scowled, taking hold of my hand and flipping it over. “If you do it quickly, you don’t have to think about it.” He took the pocket knife Freya was holding out to him and glared at me. Sighing, he took in a deep breath, and we both winced as I felt the burning of the small, deep cut he made. I stared, blinking as I got a look at my blood. It was red, but it was slightly darker than normal. Not by much, but it was noticeable if you paid attention to it. I watched as my wound healed. Skyler wiped away the blood with a paper towel as Tristan rested my hand in my lap. He stared at the small pool of blood in his own hand before bringing it closer to his nose and inhaling deeply. His tongue darted out, flicking a drop of blood into his mouth. He savored it in thought, before nodding to himself and swallowing. Walking into the kitchen, he turned on the sink water and washed away the blood. He came back out a minute later and dropped down beside me with a muttered curse. Slipping an arm around me, he pulled me into his side, and I let my head drop onto his shoulder. He pressed his wrist to my mouth and stroked my cheek.
“Can you bite me?” he asked quietly.
“Mmhmm,” I said wearily and weakly bit into his wrist. Hell, I felt like an invalid, unable to even keep my head up. The moment Tristan’s blood touched my tongue and slid down my throat, it felt like a livewire went off inside me. “Don’t stop, sweetheart. Take as much as you need,” he said before I could push his arm away. Scowling, I continued feeding, until I felt almost like myself. Sitting up straighter, I withdrew my fangs and licked close the bite wound. Then I turned to stare at him.
“What are you?” I asked him with a frown. “A supercharged energy bar?”
“Yeah,” said Skyler. “Can I do that… energy thing, too?”
“Sure,” Tristan said slowly.
She narrowed her eyes on him. “What do you mean by, [sure]?”
“You are young. Therefore, your energy might not be much of anything.”
“Oh,” she said, offended. “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome,” he said dryly as I smirked and got to my feet.
“Are we supposed to meet Jailyn upstairs?” I asked. Tristan let out a sigh and nodded, getting to his feet and following me to the elevator.
“You don’t want a shortcut?” Skyler asked as I dropped into a chair by the elevator. Seeing my socks and boots in Tristan’s hands, I took them from him. Concentrating on the floor, I pulled them on and stepped into the boots. “So?” Skyler asked when I remained silent. I shrugged and got to my feet. Stepping into the elevator, I hit the button that would take us to the main floor.
“I prefer the long way for once,” I said as the others got in.
“Slow, Jesric,” Tristan warned as the elevator shut and gave a slight jolt.
“What crawled up your ass and died?” Jesric asked over the speaker above our heads. Tristan growled as the elevator lifted us smoothly up several floors before stopping with another jolt. When it opened, we stepped out to find Jesric smirking at us from the security room. “Good to see you up and about, Ari.”
I grunted. “Me too.” He nodded, turning back to the monitors. “Where is Jailyn?”
“At the border.” I nodded and went through a door and out into an empty square room say for the door that led outside. I walked to it and pushed it open. The six hunters snapped to attention, and then blinked when they saw me.
“Ari,” Lorena spluttered. “You’re actually up.”
“For hours now,” I said and stepped out. “Hadn’t anyone told you?”
“Sure, but I had to see it for myself to believe it.”
I smirked. “Shocking, isn’t it?”
“Sweetheart?” Tristan asked from behind me.
“Oh, sorry,” I said and stepped from the doorway.
“I thought you were going to sleep forever,” Lorena muttered.
I snorted. “I’m too hardheaded to stay down forever.”
“Good, because the world weeps without you.”
“I doubt it,” I said dryly. Placing a hand on my lower back, Tristan gave me a gentle push to get me walking. “Nice to see you all. We’ll catch up later.” The hunters nodded as I moved into the surrounding forest with Tristan, Freya, and Skyler following silently behind me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

Ten miles out, the blue transparent-shield came into view. It stretched several feet into the sky, creating a dome around the entire area. By entire, I meant the shield also extended several feet underground. I was quite sure that there were also many tunnels under our feet. We could enter the compound from the outside, but that would mean going down stairs after stairs and through many secured gates. So yes, there were windows to the outside world. Thank the devil, too, because I enjoyed the breeze blowing into the room. When I was thinking or relaxing, I like to look out the window every now and then. We could also enter the Council HQ via the outside elevator. The only problem was. It would only take us down a couple of floors to the business part of the building. Even then, you had to enter another elevator if your office was, say, on sublevel three. Everything else such as the Council chamber, the protector, watcher, spy, hunter floors, and the residential floors were off limits, especially the prison floors. Those floors didn’t even have windows to speak of, and there was no way inside except going through the main door and entering the elevator, or going down several flights of stairs. Thanks to Freya, the prison floors were a no teleportation zone. On the watcher or the hunter floor, those had classrooms, or rather, they were more like lecture halls than normal classrooms. Of course, those floors weren’t actually called the hunter floor or the spy floor. I only called them that, because each sublevel was a different rank. If anyone came up to me and said they attended Academy School for Vampires, I was going to gut them and nail their testicles to my wall while they’re still attached to the body. After crucifying them, I was going to empty them of their organs except for their heart and brain. Then I’ll probably sew them back up and feed them enough blood to remain alive and alert, but not enough to regenerate back their missing organs. Ah, I thought with a heavy sigh. I should get back to my torturing days. My world wouldn’t be complete otherwise. “Ari?” Tristan drawled into my ear. I blinked, mentally shaking myself back to reality.
“Uh, what?” I asked and looked around, grimacing when I found everyone staring at me. “Sorry,” I said and shrugged. “I was just thinking.”
“Must be quite some interesting things in that head of yours,” Jailyn said with a smirk. “For you to space out completely like that.” She stared intently at me. “Care to share?”
“Maybe later,” I muttered.
“Fair enough.” She nodded to the shield. “Poke your finger through it.” I stared at it thoughtfully. It was invisible to everyone else who couldn’t cross over. I had no idea what happens when someone strayed too far, and I wasn’t sure if I wanted to know. “Actually, can you see the border?” I nodded. “Wonderful,” she said as I stepped up to the barrier and pressed a finger against it. The air in front of me tingled with magic, and I nodded before stepping through it. Behind me, everyone let out a curse. “Are you insane?” Jailyn spluttered as they follow me through.
“Guess I am,” I said and grunted as Tristan yanked me to him.
“Don’t ever do that again,” he growled.
I smirked. “Did I take away a thousand years of your life?”
“Ari,” he warned.
I hugged him, shaking my head. “Okay,” I said with a sigh. “I won’t do it again.”
“You better not,” he growled, and I yelped as he bit me, not hard enough to break the skin, but hard enough to feel the sting of it. I kissed him on the cheek and stepped from his arms.
“Where are the rogues, Skyler?” Freya asked.
“They’re probably gone by now,” Skyler said and shrugged.
“Take us to where you saw them,” said Jailyn.
Skyler nodded. “This way,” she said and began running. Cold wind whipped against our faces as we ran after her.
“So,” I said as Tristan kept pace with me while Freya and Jailyn ran behind us. “I guess everyone is in a running mood.”
“A good way to burn off steam,” Jailyn said, coming up to my other side.
I grunted. “So,” I said slowly. “Is someone going to finally clue me in?”
“You have demon energy in you,” Jailyn said, as if she told everyone this every day. Tristan’s hand went to my back, forcing me to keep running. “Therefore, I think you need to feed on souls.”
“Great,” I said sarcastically. “And how do I go about doing that?”
“Since you are not a necromancer, I think you feed on souls the same way you feed on blood.”
“Oh, wonderful,” I said and scowled. “And how would I tell the difference?”
“I think you’ll be able to see it when you feed. It will look like a shimmering silver cord, almost smoke-like.” Skyler came to a stop a minute later, and we all spread out, scanning the area. “And you have to concentrate on it. If you taste ice and cotton candy in your blood; that means you have a lock on a soul.” I nodded, my eyes to the night sky. “One more thing.”
“What?” I asked slowly.
“When you take a soul, you’ll feel…” She paused, frowning. “Like you’re on top of the universe. Don’t let it get to you. Also…” She again paused, this time scowling. “The more souls you take without stopping in a short amount of time, the more pleasurable you’ll feel.”
“So what you’re saying is. The more souls I take, the more likely I’ll become one of those people who fuck anything that stands still long enough.”
“Exactly,” Jailyn said as Skyler spluttered, blinking up at me.
“TMI!” Skyler exclaimed, sticking a finger into each ear.
Jailyn chuckled. “If you ever want to practice necromancy, dear girl, it is a vital piece of information.”
Skyler harrumphed. “You have a point,” she muttered, pulling her fingers out of her ears.
“So,” I said as I inhaled deeply, sniffing the air. “Will I hold souls like you? And if you tell me I have to eat hearts from now on, I might have to do something drastic.”
She smirked. “To answer your second question, you don’t have to eat hearts. As for your first question? No. When you take souls, you’ll be destroying them completely.”
“Why is that? Is there a difference?” I asked and launched myself into the air, landing on the sturdiest, biggest branch I could find. I sat down on it, and from up here, I got a better view of the surrounding area. I scowled when I spotted no rogues nearby.
“Quite a difference,” Jailyn said as she came to hover beside me. “You’re taking souls by blood while I do it by pulling it out of the body.” Her hand rested on my shoulder as Sathia walked toward our group. Spotting Jailyn and me on the tree, she jumped and landed on another branch above me.
“When you feed on souls,” Sathia said to me. “They dissolve into the victim’s bloodstream.”
“Oh,” I said and glanced up at the sky. “Can I take anyone soul?”
“If you can drink their blood? Yes.” She jumped down to my branch, and it swayed slightly as she carefully balanced herself on it. From here, I could feel Tristan’s eyes on us as Sathia pulled out a blade. With a grunt and a curse, she held out her arm before opening up a small cut on her wrist. She pulled her arm back, making sure that no drop of her blood landed on me. In her bleeding hand, she was holding a plastic bag of water. She pointed to her black blood with the blade. “Using only one finger, I want you to touch it.” She glanced down, grimacing. “Quickly, before Tristan hits me with a lightning bolt or something.” Hesitating, I put up one finger and slowly moved it toward the blood. Taking a deep breath, I poked at it, jerking my hand away as my finger burned. “Here,” the demon said, holding out the opened plastic bag of water. “Stick your hand in it.” I did, and inwardly sighed, as I submerged my hand in the icy cold liquid. “Was the burning bad?” she asked, sticking her own hand into the bag and wiping my finger with a slightly rough cloth. When she was done, I pulled my hand out and took the small white towel Jailyn was holding out to me. Drying it off, I frowned in thought.
“The burning was bad, but not like the other times.”
Sathia arched an eyebrow. “Other times?”
I scowled. “This wasn’t the first time I’ve touched demon blood with just a finger. Last time, I pulled away with a hiss and every curse word I could think of.”
She nodded. “Well, good news for me. You won’t be able to eat me.”
“Damn,” I said, grumbling.
She jumped from the tree, nodding to a snarling Tristan as she walked away. “Maybe next time, Ari,” she said and waved to us before disappearing in a flash of fire.
“Come on,” Jailyn said, taking the towel from me before descending to the ground. I followed her down and walked over to Tristan. “They’re coming back,” she said dryly, and then I sighed as a mass of shadows slammed into Tristan, knocking him to the ground. “You can take them all on your own,” she said as Freya and Skyler came over to us. They practically sat on Tristan as he snarled and fought the shadows. Freya muttered something under her breath as I turned to find twelve rogues walking toward me. They cannot see us, Freya said into my mind. But you can. Make sure that none of them come near. I mentally nodded and launched myself at the rogues.
I grabbed the gun from one of them and bashed another rogue with it over the head. Moving in a blur too fast for them to see, I grabbed a female rogue and used her as a baseball bat against her companions. With the other hand, I shot one of them while mentally holding the gun steady. At close range, his head exploded, sending blood and gore into the air. He was dead the moment his brain burst from his skull. The rogue I was holding snarled, clawing at my arm with one hand while stabbing me with a blunt, carbon steel blade in her other hand. It fucking hurt and I snarled, shoving the gun into my shorts and yanking the blade from her. Releasing her, I grabbed a fistful of her hair and jerked her head back as I slammed the blade into her throat. Pulling her thrashing body in front of me, I punched my hand into her chest and ripped out her heart, tossing the organ at another rogue. Yanking out the blade while still using the lifeless body as a shield, I put an arm around her neck and snapped it. Just to make damn sure that she was dead, I dug my fingers into her neck, crushing everything inside as I slowly tore off her head. It wasn’t easy work as I continued to dodge her friends and trying to keep the gun from flying out of my pants. Dropping both head and body, I slowed, pulled the gun back out and shot the closest rogue to me. Like the first one, his head exploded. Fucking rifles, I silently snarled and coldcocked a rogue that tried to sneak around me. I shot another one in the head before spinning around and grabbing the unconscious rogue. Hugging him to me, I buried my fangs into the side of his neck from behind. The remaining seven rogues rushed me, and I snarled, dropping the one I was holding and shooting two more rogues before the gun clicked empty. I grabbed my now conscious rogue and brained him against the pavement and the gun until it broke. Standing up, I put my foot into his stomach and put my whole weight on it as I torpedoed the two halves of the broken gun at two rogues. They screamed, smacking into each other and going down in a tangle of limbs. As the three others rushed me, I quickly removed my foot from the one that was downed and haul him up by the throat. Screams of rage filled my ears as I quickly removed the heart and ripped off the head. Growling, I threw the head at the nearest rogue coming for me, causing him to stumble back into his friends. My surrounding was a blur as I went all out on the five remaining rogues.
Snarling, I snatched one of them, snapping his neck and stabbing my fangs in deep, remembering to concentrate as I pulled fast and hard. Launching myself into the air, I moved in lightning speed, circling the area and forcing the remaining four to follow me. Stupid fuckers, I silently hissed, and then I almost fell out of the sky as a shimmering cord appeared in my head. Fuck, I thought as I growled, instinct taking over as the soul turned smoke-like before vanishing. A split second later, the blood seemed sweeter and cool as it went down my throat. My ears rang as the rogue screamed and screamed. Unable to remain in the air, I descended back to ground, snarling as I quickly drained the rogue of every drop of his blood. Feeling like I was on top of the universe as Jailyn put it, I released the rogue and drop-kicked the closest one to me. He went flying as I punched another one in the face, sweeping his legs from him as I slammed him to the ground. Yanking the knife from his hand blade first, I flipped it into the air, catching it by the hilt before driving it into his left eye. Pain radiated from my hand down to my arm as I pulled it back out and drove it into his heart. He stiffened, before going limp. One of them kicked me in the side, and I grunted, cursing as I grabbed hold of his ankle and pulled. Falling on his face, I jumped on him, digging my fingers into his back. He screamed as I wrapped my hand around his spine and yanked it out. Throwing the spinal column at a rogue with dirty pink hair, I reached back inside and ripped out his heart, tossing the bloody organ to Jailyn who caught it in one smooth move. From my watching audience, Skyler was the only one who looked a little scared. I went for the last standing rogue, slamming into him midair. His fangs tore at my shoulder, and I screamed. It was more scream of rage than pain as I ripped into him. My fangs went for his throat as I dug my nails into his sides and ripped him open. I continued to feed, taking his soul and devouring it as I drained him of his remaining blood. Releasing him, I went back to the downed rogue with a blade buried in his chest and yanked it out. “Bitch!” he snarled. “You crazy fucking bitch!”
“I don’t know,” I hissed, growling at him. “If I should take that as a complement. Or an insult.”
“You fucking killed my friends!”
“Did I?” He moved, and then screamed as I drove the blade into his good eye. Falling back down, he clutched at the hilt of the blade.
“What the fuck do you want?”
“There’s the million-dollar question, Sherlock. I never thought you’d ask. What are you doing around this area, hotshot?”
“We were hunting, you bitch!”
“Is that so?” I kicked his hand away from the hilt and crushed his wrist, grinding the toe of my boot into it. He screamed, and I thought it would never end. “Tell me, are you blind? For that matter, are you deaf? Do you see anyone hanging around here?” He shook his head, trying to wheeze through the pain. “No,” I answered for him and removed my foot. Yanking him to his feet and pulling out the blade, I tossed it to the ground. “For that,” I whispered in his ear. “I’m going to kill you,” I finished and sank my fangs into his throat, ripping it out. Shuddering, I gulped down the hot blood, groaning as I tasted his soul. When I was done, I tore off his head along with his heart and tossed all three in different directions before getting up. Blood spilled from my mouth as I stood there, breathing hard. Pleasure coursed hot through my blood, and I groaned, my legs almost giving out from under me.
“Oh, man,” Jailyn said, whistling. “Tristan, she is all yours,” she finished in amusement and was gone, taking Skyler and Freya with her. I poked at one of my wounds on my arm as I broke out in sweat. Looking down, I winced at all the blood and headless bodies; torn parts strewn all around me.
“Damn,” I said and glanced at Tristan who was still on the ground and staring at me. “Did anyone see?”
“No,” he growled, a split second before fire whooshed up around me.
I cursed. “Warn me next time,” I said exasperatedly as I teleported out of the ring of fire. The moment I did, the fire spread, covering the entire slaughter area. When it died away a minute later, all that was left was scorched earth. His hand shot out, grabbing me as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

“You,” he whispered in my ear. “Do realize I can feel everything you’re feeling?”
I blinked, trying to push past the pleasure as he held me in his arms. “I thought I was blocking you,” I said breathlessly. His mouth was suddenly on mine, and he growled as I opened for him. I had no idea where we were as I kissed him back, moaning. His tongue stroked my own, clashing with mine in a hot, brutal kiss. Holding him to me, I all but ground up against him. Breaking the kiss with a snarl, he shoved me down onto something soft. Before I could reach for him, my hands were yanked over my head by an unseen force and held there. “Hey,” I spluttered. “That’s not fair.” Grunting, I tried to move one of my hands with no use. I felt cool air, and I knew that I was naked without looking. Closing my eyes, I groaned. Tristan poked me in the stomach with a hot finger, and I snapped my eyes open. “What was that for?” I asked, and then gasped as he flicked one of my nipples. My eyes went to his erection, and I smirked. “That looks painful. You sure you don’t want to release me?” I asked as his weight came down on me. He looked at me thoughtfully as I squirmed. “You do know that a rope works just fine?” Growling, he narrowed his eyes on me. Before I could get another word out, I moaned, writhing as he took one of my nipples into his mouth and sucked at it hard. “Fuck,” I gasped, cursing as I tried to break his mental hold around my wrists. More heat gathered between my legs as I writhed under him. Switching to my other nipple, I groaned, cursing him in every language that I could think of. I even got a couple of nice Swedish swear words in there somewhere.
“Hmm,” he said, chuckling as he released my nipple with a wet pop.
“This is not fair,” I complained and jerked against my mental bond.
“I should do this more often,” he growled, and I hissed, kicking him as my eyes practically rolled to the back of my head as he moved his hand between us and stroked my opening. Nudging my legs apart, I whimpered, panting as he stroked a finger inside with a satisfied growl. Squeezing my eyes shut, I moaned, bucking and crying inside as he slipped a second finger into me. Stroking in and out of me in a steady rhythm, he circled my clit with his thumb. I thrashed beneath him, whimpering and wanting to bash my head against something hard. His mouth came down on mine and slipped his tongue inside. Opening my eyes, I gasped as he pressed down on my clit. Breaking the quick kiss, he slipped a third finger inside, and I let out a small scream which turned into a full-blown scream as he withdrew his hand before I could come apart.
“You son of a bitch!” I gasped as I quivered with pleasure. Testing the hold around my wrists, I shuddered, grunting as I tried to break it. Of course, it didn’t give an inch. “This is torture,” I said, groaning.
“That was the point,” he growled and moved off of me.
“Oh, god, release me,” I all but begged.
“In a minute.” I sucked in a sharp breath as he brushed my clit with a finger. His hand grew hotter, and I screamed as he pushed a finger inside. “Much better,” he growled as the orgasm slammed into me. He pulled out his finger, only to replace it with his tongue. Growling, he lifted me slightly and licked from my opening up to my clit with one hard stroke. All I could do was whimper, unable to get air to my lungs. This was just plain torture, I thought as I continued to writhe. With much effort, I sucked air into my lungs and ripped into him. Though, me cursing at him didn’t do me good the last time. I screamed as he sucked hard at my clit, his hands like steel around my thighs. He licked up all of me, and I let out another scream as he sank his fangs in deep. The hard pull of my blood sent me into another orgasm, and people halfway around the world could probably hear my shrieking. He released my thighs and withdrew his fangs before crawling on top of me and shutting me up with a hard kiss. The pressure around my wrists suddenly vanished, and I growled, locking my arms and legs around him as I flipped us over. Sitting up on him, I stroked a finger up and down his thick, hard length before taking a hold of it and guiding it to my entrance. Gripping the sheet under him, he snarled as I impaled myself down on him. His hands move to my hips as I gasped and moaned. Digging my nails into his chest, I moved up and down as he thrust up hard into me. My world flipped, and I found myself flat on my back. Snarling, he pounded into me, lifting me up as he moved deeper within me. I wrapped my legs around him, and my hands went to his back, my nails digging into him as he continued to pound into me. Moaning and groaning, I met him thrust for thrust. Hot pleasure coursed through me as my vision darkened. Tightening around him, I sank my fangs into his neck, and I raked my fingernails down his back as I came. Snarling in my ear, he thrust into me one last time and went taut as he pulsed and jerked inside me, blood dripping from the wounds in his back. Pulling back from his neck, I let out a scream as he sank his own fangs in deep and pulled hard. Another orgasm slammed into me as he withdrew his fangs from my neck. Snarling, I flipped us over, only to find myself once again, flat on my back. He pulled out of me, and he grunted as I sent him flying. Hissing, I launched myself out of bed and went at him. Snarling, he came at me, meeting me in midair. He grabbed me, and I snarled, elbowing him in the gut. I didn’t think he even felt it as we grabbed each other. Baring my fangs, I went for his throat, only to find myself on the floor and him crouching over me. My hand snapped up, hitting him in the chest and sending him down on his ass. I jumped on him, grunting and snarling as we pushed at each other, trying to get one of us to remain on the floor. Claws sprang from his fingertips as I clawed open his chest with my nails. My world blurred as he tossed me away from him. Before I could hit the wall, I flipped in midair and landed in a crouch. Tristan let out a feral snarl, and he moved so fast I didn’t know what was happening until I found myself face down and his heavy weight pressing me into the floor. Grunting, I dug my nails into the dark blue carpet, ripping it up as I pushed up against him.
“Get off,” I snarled, reaching back and raking my nails down his right side with my free hand. He only pressed his weight down on me more fully as he grabbed my wrists and held them behind my back with one extremely hot hand. Growling, I dug a fingernail into his palm until it bled. He lent on my arms, not enough to be painful or snap them, but enough that it would cause me pain if I tried to move. Both of us snarling, he sank his fangs into the back of my neck hard, and I yelped. One hand still locking my wrists together, he moved his weight off me slightly. Releasing my wrists, I moved to throw him off, but before I could, he bit me harder, and I snarled, moving onto my hands and knees. Without any warning, he spread my legs wider, and still snarling, he thrust into me fast, hard, and deep. Hissing, I slammed back into him, and I snarled as he held me still, pounding into me with every hard pull of my blood. My hand snapped back, grabbing hold of his wrist and yanking it to my mouth. Growling, I ripped into his wrist, gulping down the blood as I tightened around him. He released my neck, and he let out a feral snarl as we both came. I withdrew my fangs and screamed as he shifted me slightly and thrust deep into me. Holding still, he continued to pulse and jerk inside me as I milked every drop of him. His hands went to the floor, holding himself up as I collapsed with a groan. Pulling himself out, he lifted me into his arms and carried me to the bed. Setting me down, I rolled onto my back. “Did we make a mess?” Collapsing down beside me, he rolled me on top of him, and I rested my head against his chest with a very contented sigh. His heart pounded loud in my ear as he struggled to regain himself. Tilting my head back, I peered up at him. “Well?” His eyes narrowed on me as he growled. “Can you hear me?” I asked and chuckled as his hold tightened around me. I shifted, until I was straddling him. He was still hard, and he growled as his erection jumped against my entrance. I closed my eyes and groaned. Rolling us until he was on top, I gasped, my eyes opening as he slowly slid into me.
“You know,” he growled and nuzzled my neck as I arched into him. “You owe me a new carpet.” I smacked him hard in the arm. “Ow.”
“That was your fault,” I spluttered, moaning as he slowly moved in and out of me. I wrapped my legs around him, my vision narrowing as my pleasure climbed higher and higher, until it was painful.
“Was it?” he asked and snarled as I dug my nails into his neck and scratched him hard. He pulled back slightly, my bloodied hands going to his upper arms as he lifted me, stroking himself in deeper.
“Fuck,” I hissed and moaned. “Stop torturing me.”
“Hmm,” he growled as he slowly moved almost all the way out of me and back in, going deep with one hard stroke.
“I’m going to kill you, if you don’t move faster,” I warned, gasping as I tried to focus on him.
He smirked. “Is that a threat?”
“Yes, you fucking ass,” I hissed, and then yelped as he thrust into me hard and fast, before holding himself still. “Tristan!” I yelled and punched his arm.
“Ariella,” he said calmly, grunting as I continued to punch him. Growling, he grabbed both my wrists with one hand. “Would you like me to restrain your hands again?” he growled.
“Don’t you fucking dare,” I said, panting. Releasing my wrists, he snarled. I let out a loud moan as he drove himself deep into me. Gasping, I gripped his shoulders as he moved faster and faster in and out of me. He kissed me as I dug my fingers into his shoulders, gasping into his mouth as I came. Pulling out, he flipped me onto my stomach, his hand flat on my back as I tried to get up.
Don’t move,” he growled. When I nodded, his hands moved to my waist, lifting my lower body and thrusting himself back inside.
“Ah,” I said as I moaned into the pillow. “Fuck me.” Gripping me tighter, he pounded into me, and then I yelped as he smacked my ass when I tried to get up. I gave up and just lay there, moaning. His fingers went to my clit, and I moaned as he circled it, driving himself into me. My pleasure built, and I screamed, my voice muffled by the damn pillow as I came hard. He thrust into me a final time, growling as he spilled himself inside me. “I fucking hate you,” I said and groaned as he pulled out of me. I felt him moving away from me, and I got up, slipping out of bed and following him into the bathroom. The shower turned on as he stepped under it. Facing away from me, I watched as the muscles in his back moved as he washed away the blood. Reaching out, I prodded his wounds with a finger, smirking as he winced. Before my very eyes, I watched as the wounds turned pink, and then his normal pale color as they healed. He turned, pulling me under the hot spray with him.
“Want to go for a last round?” he growled, and then chuckled as I winced. I haven’t been this satisfyingly sore in a while, and he was sure as hell making up for it.
“Why one?”
“Because Skyler is demanding our presences back at the HQ.”
“Oh,” I said and nodded. “In that case.” I pulled away from him and dropped to my knees. Palming his erection, I stroked him from tip to base. He swelled in my hands, and I smirked. His head hit the wall with a thump as he let out a long groan. He placed his hands on the wall behind him, and then let out a curse as I retracted my fangs and took him into my mouth. Taking him deep, I alternated between sucking him slow, and sucking him fast and hard. Snarling, he began to move in and out of my mouth. Putting his hands on my shoulders, he pulled out, and I gripped his thighs as he thrust back inside, hitting the back of my throat. It closed around him, his fingers digging into my shoulders as I sucked him hard. He went taut, and we both groaned as he came. I swallowed all of him as he pulsed and twitched, spilling his hot seed down my throat. Growling and cursing, he pulled out and hauled me to my feet. Pressing me into the wall, I groaned as his hand went to my opening. He pushed a finger inside, followed by a second and a third. Gripping his arms, I gasped, moaning as I grew more hot and wet around his fingers. Pulling his hand away, he lifted me up and thrust into me. Hissing, my hands went to his back as I ripped into his neck. Snarling, he moved faster and harder in and out of me. His fangs sank into my shoulder, and my mouth clamped on his neck as I exploded around him, screaming and raking my nails down his back as he came along with me. He withdrew his fangs and licked at my wound while I did the same to him. Pulling out of me, he released me, one hand on my arm as I steadied myself. I staggered as someone all but banged on my metaphorical door a few seconds later. Fun time is over! Skyler shouted into my mind. Tristan must have heard her, too, because he gave a wince and let go of my arm.
“I will see you in a bit,” he growled, giving me a quick kiss before stepping from the shower. Shaking my head, I quickly cleaned myself up. Checking that there was no more blood on me, I shut off the shower and stepped out.
Back in the bedroom, I walked over to the closet and pulled it open. I quickly dressed and looked around for my weapons. “Your weapons are out here,” Tristan said from the living room. I walked out, jumping the railing to the living room. I went over to the table and picking up my weapons, I made quick work with them. “Do you need another energy boost?” he asked, tossing an empty bag of blood into the trash.
“I’m not sure,” I said slowly as he came over to me. It was such a shame he was no longer naked.
“Here,” he said and held out his wrist. His arm came around me and held me against him as I sank my fangs in and pulled hard. I should’ve been used to the livewire effect by now, but I wasn’t. I grunted, silently cursing as I swallowed a second mouthful of his blood. Pulling back, I licked at the bite wound and sighed.
“We should go before Skyler comes here and decide to storm the place.” Nuzzling my hair, he chuckled as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

The moment we appeared in the middle of the common area, Skyler choked on the coke she was drinking. “Holy shit,” she spluttered and coughed.
“Not a word,” I warned, pointing a finger at her as Tristan walked into the kitchen. Picking up Amaris from the counter, he set her on the floor and gave her a gentle push toward us. Skyler laughed, setting the can of coke down on the table. “What are you making?” I asked and sniffed the air as I went to sit beside her on the couch.
“More pierogies since Amaris ate them all by herself. She didn’t even share with me.”
“I did share with you,” Amaris said defensively.
“Only a few pieces,” Skyler said, getting up and walking into the kitchen. The werepup stomped her feet before flopping onto a purple beanbag chair across the room. “I’m also making some steak.”
“For me?” Amaris asked hopefully.
“No, you already killed my pierogies,” she said, coming out with said food and a tub of sour cream in her hands a couple of minutes later. The little girl pouted, pulling herself and the beanbag to the table as Skyler set down the food.
“Don’t even think about laying a finger on the food,” Skyler warned as she went back into the kitchen. Tristan walked out and came over to me; dropping into Skyler’s vacated spot and leaning back with a grunt. Skyler returned a few minutes later, and Amaris practically drooled at the sight of steak, cut into thin strips of seasoned meat. She set the huge plate down in the center of the table, giving the pup a warning look before disappearing back to the kitchen for the drinks.
“Should I be glad that you’re not setting out food for an entire army this time?” I asked.
“Who says I wasn’t?” she asked, coming out with a tray in her hands.
I narrowed my eyes on her. “Are you?” I asked slowly as she placed a glass of voltage in front of Amaris.
“If you considered them as army, then yes,” she said, nodding to the opened doorway as Kira, Corinne, Natalia, Liana, and a scowling Sven stepped through.
“Hmm,” I said. “Not bad I suppose.”
“If this is a therapy session,” Sven said to no one in particular. “I’m leaving.”
“Don’t worry,” Skyler said reassuringly. “It’s not.”
“It is,” Kira said cheerfully and stole a few strips of steak, shoving them into her mouth and groaning. She sat on the floor beside Amaris, nodding to her as she grabbed a glass of water from the tray.
“Fine,” Skyler said with a sigh. “Everyone, dig in.” Corinne, Natalia, and Amaris made a grab for the food. I smirked as I leaned back, my hands behind my head as I watched them in amusement. Skyler grabbed her opened can of coke and came to sit on my other side. Okay, she said into my mind. I’ve been wondering this for a while now. Do you know who killed my mother? I sat up straighter and dropped my hands back to my sides. Tristan got to his feet and walked out of the room, nodding for us to follow. Taking Skyler’s hand, I pulled her up and followed him out.
Out in the hall, Tristan led us to the elevator. “I have an office,” Skyler said cheerfully as we stepped inside.
“You do?” I asked. “What floor?” I scowled as Tristan hit the button for sublevel three. “Never mind.”
“Who gave you an office?” Tristan asked as the elevator opened and we stepped out.
“Evelyn,” she said, watching as vampires from all ranks flashed up and down the hall with papers in their hands, phones pressed to their ears, or iPads in hand. “I will never get used to this,” she muttered under her breath as she turned right and head down the hall.
“Just because we vampires can get whatever we want whenever we want, that doesn’t mean we go out of our way to do just that,” I said as she stopped halfway down the hall and opened the door to her left.
“Is it against the law?” she asked as we stepped in behind her, and I closed the door with a soft snap.
“Yes,” I said and walked to the opened window. “A minor offense, but yes. Keep doing it? It will turn into a bigger offense.”
“Well, damn,” Skyler said and whistled. “How big? Or do I not want to know?”
I shrugged. “It can go from a warning, to paying a hefty fine, to years of imprisonment.”
She nodded and blocked Tristan’s way to her mini refrigerator. “I have blood,” she said with a sigh. “No need to check.”
“You know,” Tristan said, putting a hand on her shoulder and gently moving her out of the way. “That only makes me want to check it even more.” He bent and pulled open the refrigerator, peeking inside.
“Happy?” she asked with a huff as he closed it and straightened.
“Better than Kira, I supposed.”
“Humph.”
“Shall we get back to the topic at hand?”
She frowned. “You know who killed my mother, don’t you?”
“No,” I said.
“Yes,” Tristan said with a scowl.
“Oh, thanks for keeping me updated.”
His eyes narrowed on me. “Who says I didn’t?” Scowling, I teleported to my office. Picking up the three-inch red binder from my desk, I teleported back to them.
“You guys ever heard of technology?” Skyler asked as I dropped into a chair by the window. I set the binder on my lap, opened it, and began to read. “Comes in handy, and its faster.”
“That is true,” Sven said as he opened the door and stepped inside. “But it’s easier to retrieve vital data than it is on paper. If they’re all written down by hand, you have to come here to get whatever it is you’re looking for.” He closed the door and walked over to her computer, placing his hand on top of the monitor. “As cool this may be to have everything in one place, an experienced hacker can get to anything without even blinking.”
“Speaking of hackers,” Skyler said, moving to her desk and pulling out the chair before sitting. “Do we have any around?”
“You’re talking to him,” I said as I flipped another page and continued to read.
“You?” Skyler spluttered. “Seriously?”
“Liana is a programmer,” I said, smirking. “And you already know that Elijah makes our custom weapons, chains, and all the fun toys we carry around everywhere we go.”
“Anything else I need to know?”
“Besides Tristan here, Jesric is our best tracker.” I frowned in thought; turning another page and leaning back to look at Skyler. “Sergei and Raina are snipers as well as some of the others.”
“Like who?”
“Freya and Jailyn for one.”
“Wow,” she muttered under her breath.
“I make explosives in my free time.”
She gasped. “No fucking way.”
I smirked. “Any explosives you find around here…” I shrugged.
“No way.”
Tristan chuckled. “Believe it, sweetheart. I’ve seen her work.”
“Does anyone else know?” Skyler asked, intrigued.
“You’re the first,” I said. “Well, the first of the fledglings. We don’t like to leave things out in the open for others to see, let alone talk about it.”
She frowned. “Why not?”
“I can’t speak for the others, but I like to keep a low profile. I don’t want any request from random strangers asking me to make them something to benefit their causes. Maybe if I have the sudden urge to weave or paint, I’ll show it to the world, but I’m not, and I don’t plan to do so anytime soon.”
She nodded. “Anyone else with hidden hobbies?”
“Tristan plays guitar, but I think you already know that.”
Tristan scowled. “I have not played in years.”
“You should pick it back up again.”
“If he can get them back from Corinne,” Sven said in amusement. “She stole all your recording equipment, too.”
“Of course she did.”
“Do you sing, too?” Skyler asked. He just stared at her. “I’m just asking,” she said defensively.
“No,” he said simply and shrugged.
“Ari, have you heard him sing before?”
I laughed softly. “I tried to get him to sing, but it hadn’t happened yet.”
He glared at us. “If you want to hear one of us sing, ask Jailyn.”
“I think I will do that,” Skyler said, nodding to herself. “Now can we really get back to my mother’s killer?”
“Right,” I said and flipped to the red tab that read, ‘Tabitha Henlie’. I quickly read through it, closing the binder when I was done.
“Well?”
I sighed. “It was an imp by the name of Helagias.”
Her eyes narrowed. “I want to go after him,” she said matter-of-factly.
“I knew you were going to say that,” I muttered.
She scowled. “Will you let me?”
“You want revenge for your mother’s death.”
“Damn right I do!” she exclaimed, even though I hadn’t state it as a question.
“I don’t blame you one bit,” I said, getting up and going over to her. Setting the binder on the desk, I put my hands on her shoulders and spun her chair around until she was facing me. She grimaced but didn’t push me away, as I studied her intently. “What will you get out of it?” She shrugged. “Think about it.”
“One less imp in the world?”
“True,” I said and frowned down at her. “But what will you get out of all this?” I asked, emphasis on the word ‘you’. I cupped her chin and tilted her head back until she was looking me in the eye. “If you think revenge will bring you closure, I will tell you now that it does not. Yes, one less imp in the world, but are you going to keep killing demons? Because no matter how many of them you kill, you won’t be satisfied. You’ll just get angrier; angry with the world, angry with yourself.”
She nodded. “I still want to go after the imp,” she mumbled.
“Understandable,” I said and released her. “But after, I want you to come to terms with the fact that your mother’s dead,” I said gently. “And no matter how many demons you kill, it won’t bring her back.”
She nodded, looking down at her lap. “I will,” she said quietly. “But not until I kill that fucking imp.” She looked up at me. “Are you going to stop me?”
“No, but you’re not going to do it alone, either.” I held up a hand as she opened her mouth to speak. “That is final,” I said sharply. “And if you think to sneak out without any of us knowing, I advise you to rethink that thought currently going around in your head.” I sighed and lifted her chin with a finger. “You are not stupid, Skyler. Think about all the ramifications if you go at this alone.”
She blinked, but nodded. “I promise I won’t be stupid about it.” Reluctantly, I nodded and dropped my hand, walking back to the window and looking out at the setting sun in thought. “I don’t want you to get hurt,” Skyler said hesitantly.
“I’m not the only one who’s going to help you,” I said and scowled. “Besides, Tristan won’t even let me out of his sight for five minutes.” Out the corner of my eye, I saw Tristan glaring at me, all but drilling a hole into the side of my head.
“Where do we start?” she asked.
“I believe Jailyn has been keeping track of the imp’s whereabouts,” Sven said with a heavy sigh.
I turned from the window and nodded to him. “Care to join?”
He shrugged. “Might as well.” He looked to Tristan and arched an eyebrow in question. Tristan growled in annoyance, as everything went dark.
“Shit!” Skyler yelled as we appeared before Jailyn. Rubbing her sore butt, she got to her feet and glared at Tristan.
“I can’t say that I am surprised to see you,” Jailyn said around a half empty bag of blood, one hand on Freya’s shoulder.
“You were expecting us?” Sven asked, shoving his hands into his pockets and looking around. Tristan reached out, pulling Freya from Jailyn and into his embrace. Without any prompting from him, she sank her fangs into his throat and drank deeply.
“Not really,” Jailyn replied, finishing off the rest of the bag and tossing it into the sink. “But I knew this moment would come.”
“So, was I right? Were you keeping track of the imp?”
“Not me, but I have someone on him.”
“Jesric?” I asked.
She shook her head, walking to the back door and stepping out. “Not Jesric,” she said as Skyler and I followed her out. Sven leaned against the doorframe and frowned at her. My world suddenly fell out from under me, and I gasped, putting out my hands as the back porch rushed up to meet me. Dizziness slammed into me as hands grabbed my upper arms, preventing me from falling on my face. Someone was saying something to me, but I couldn’t make out the words or the voices. Fuck, I silently groaned as nausea rode me hard. I was going to throw up. I could barely focus as one of them picked me up and carried me back inside. I could taste blood at the back of my throat as my surroundings blurred around me. Not so much as a countdown to prepare me, blood all but poured out of my mouth as I tried to catch my breath to focus. I groaned, coughing up more blood as my vision slowly cleared. When I could see properly, I found myself puking up my guts in the kitchen’s sink. Jailyn rubbed my back as Tristan held me in his arms.
“Fuck my life,” I said breathlessly and tried to turn on the water. When I could barely move my arm to do so, I scowled. Reaching over, Jailyn turned on the water, and I cursed as Freya wiped away blood from my mouth and chin with a wet paper towel.
“Let’s go and lay you down,” Jailyn said, taking a step back as Tristan lifted me up and walked into the living room. Skyler dropped the pillow on the couch, and I let out a long sigh as Tristan lay me down on top of the dark red blanket. “Did you feed before you came here?”
“Just a couple of pulls from Tristan to boost my energy,” I muttered.
She nodded and crouched beside me. “Let’s feed you for real and see if that helps,” she said and pressed her wrist to my mouth. “Can you bite me? Or do you need help?” I took in a deep breath, and she winced as I sank my fangs into her wrist and pulled at it hard. “I was about to say take a sip, but I guess it’s a little too late now.” They all watched me intently, probably waiting for me to throw it all back up. I continued to feed from Jailyn, sighing as her blood settled like ice in my stomach. After a couple of minutes, she stroked a finger over my cheek. “That is enough,” she said gently. I stopped pulling at her blood and scowled at her, feeling almost like myself. She smirked. “Retract your fangs,” she said slowly and tapped the side of my jaw. Grumbling, I retracted my fangs and let her pull her bleeding wrist from my mouth. “When you are well enough, we’ll go after Helagias.” I nodded. “For now, sleep.” As she spoke the last word, it felt like I was being dragged under. The veil of sleep crashed into me, and I closed my eyes, sighing as Jailyn began to hum.


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

I woke up, grunting as my stomach clenched painfully. “Damn it,” I said and rolled off the couch and onto the floor, taking the blanket with me. I sighed, pulling it over my head. Someone must have removed my weapons, because nothing hard or sharp was poking at me as I lay there. “I thought I heard something,” Jailyn said above me.
“Go away,” I muttered. “I’m still sleeping.”
“Do you feel worse than before?”
I threw the blanket off my head and sat up. “No, but I could sleep for a century.”
“Don’t we all?” she said and sat on the edge of the table to my right. “How do you feel?” she asked as Freya lurked out of sight.
“I feel fine,” I said and frowned. “For the time being that is.” I looked around Jailyn’s living room and waved to Freya, who stood as still as a statue in the shadows of the hall. “Where are the others?”
“Right here,” Casiar said from behind Freya, his pale hands on her shoulders.
“I didn’t mean you,” I said dryly.
“I’m hurt,” he said and scowled at me.
“I ordered Tristan to go hunting, and Sven is with him to make sure that he feeds properly,” Jailyn said as Casiar and Freya came out to join us.
“I’m sure he loved it when you ordered him around,” I said and rubbed my temples.
“Oh, he absolutely loved it,” she said sarcastically. “Sven had to drag his ass out the door. Casiar stabbed him in the side, and Sven teleported before Tristan could retaliate.” I sighed, putting my head in my hands as my vision went red, and I resisted the urge to strangle someone. “Skyler is somewhere in this house.” My blood boiled, and I closed my eyes, anger coursing through me as I calmly breathed in through my nose and out my mouth. Opening my eyes, I dropped my hands, in time to see Casiar giving Jailyn a look. She said something to him that I couldn’t make out, and a second later, he nodded and vanished into thin air. I didn’t ask where he disappeared to or why, because I didn’t have to. Sensing Skyler drawing near, I looked to the archway, and a minute later, she appeared and flashed over to me.
“What did you do?” she asked with a sigh, looking to Jailyn.
Jailyn sighed. “I told her that Casiar stabbed Tristan.”
“Really?” Skyler asked, exasperated.
“She would find out about it anyways, so there was no point keeping it from her.”
“Could you have waited?”
“I could have, but what good would that do?” I mentally reached out, grabbing up one of my many blades and stabbed it deep into Jailyn’s stomach. She gasped, toppling off the table and hitting the floor with a loud thump.
“Fuck!” Skyler shouted as Jailyn’s expression went from pain to shock as she stared at the hilt sticking out of her. Casiar appeared at her side, and he grunted as I turned him into a pincushion. For every blade he pulled out, I stabbed him with another one. Cursing, he vanished, and I growled as cold hands wrapped around my neck. Knowing what he was about to do, I teleported, and he cursed as I sent him flying into the wall. Yanking the blade out of her stomach, Jailyn flashed to her feet and blurred so fast that I could barely track her movements. She hit me from behind, slamming me to the floor and bringing her full weight down on me. Her cold hands wrenched my arms behind my back, and I snarled as a binding spell wrapped tightly around me.
“I want you to take in a deep breath and calm down,” Jailyn said gently in my ear.
“I guess I deserve that,” Casiar muttered. “Will I be forgiven if I say I’m sorry?”
“No!” I snapped as someone touched my mind. Jailyn went stiff atop me, and I could feel the waves of shock pouring from her.
“What?” Skyler and Casiar asked in unison. Someone poked at my mind, as if prodding it with a curious finger.
“Jailyn,” Casiar growled. “I don’t like whatever you are doing.” I frowned, a little bit of the anger leaving me. What the hell was wrong with me now?
“Stop!” Jailyn said sharply as her weight left me. I still couldn’t move because of the stupid god damn spell. I winced as someone poked harder at my mind. You, Jailyn silently said slowly to me. Have just become much, much more interesting, my dear. “Release her,” she said out loud, and a split second later, the spell lifted. Slowly, I got to my feet and turned to face Jailyn.
“Okay,” I said, still seeing red. “What now?” I asked as Freya led a protesting Skyler from the room.
Jailyn’s eyes went green. “Your mind is a wall of hellfire,” she said, and I winced as she continued to poke around in my head. Casiar cursed and dropped heavily onto the couch, glaring at Jailyn as Freya returned to the living room. In my head, it felt like multiple fingers were moving around, trying to find an entry into my mind. “We can hear and speak to you mind-to-mind, but apparently, we can’t read your thoughts,” she said, and I yelped at the sharp stab of pain that followed a second later. She looked at Casiar and Freya, giving them a hard look. “Neither of you will try to read Ari’s mind from now on.” They both scowled at her. “I don’t know what will happen if you try. At the least, it will knock you both unconscious.” She turned those glowing green eyes on Tristan as he appeared beside me. “Even you, love,” she said sweetly to him.
“Worst case scenario?” Casiar asked.
She shrugged. “Driving you insane? Giving you hallucination? Frying your brain and killing you?”
“Great,” I said in false cheerfulness. “I’m a mindflayer.”
She peered at me thoughtfully. “Hmm, maybe,” she said as Sathia appeared on my other side. Someone tugged at my pant leg, and I looked down to find Rozalia staring up at me. She flapped her wings, rising into the air until she was eye leveled with me. She squealed as my hand shot out, grabbing one of her horns and pulling her in close.
“You better have a good reason for being here,” I warned. She tried to nod, but it was kind of hard when I had my hand around one of her horns.
“I know where Helagias is,” the imp hissed. I released her, and her wings fluttered as she slowly descended to the floor. She scuttled to Freya, who glared down at her. Icy fingers poked at my mind, and Sathia chuckled as she pulled out.
“How interesting,” the Ahzeeki drawled and tapped the side of my head. “We’re going to be the best of buddies,” she said dryly.
“Kreeto?” Jailyn asked.
“Yes,” Sathia said and stepped away from me.
“Will she have all the powers of one?”
The Ahzeeki frowned in thought, her eyes boring into me. “I do not know. She is the first to survive.” She scowled. “But I will tell you this much. She won’t transform into one.”
“Well,” I said and scowled at the floor. “We’ll just have to find out as we go, don’t we?”
“Afraid so.” She glanced at Jailyn. “Would you like me to summon Zynzaulatris?”
“Not now,” said Jailyn. “Perhaps later.”
Sathia nodded. “Another time.” She glanced over at Rozalia. “Come on, squeaky, let’s go.” The imp glared at her, before they disappeared in a flash of fire.
Tristan’s gaze landed on the hole in Jailyn’s shirt where I’d stabbed her and arched a questioning eyebrow. She pointed to me. “She did it,” the necromancer said and narrowed her eyes on me.
“She practiced her knife throwing on me,” Casiar muttered, ripping his torn shirt from himself and flashed down the hall. Jailyn stared after him, her green eyes glowing brighter than before. Grumbling something under her breath, she closed her eyes and turned back to us. When they opened, her eyes were back to black. Wrapping my arms around Tristan, I rested my chin on his shoulder as Skyler appeared in the archway separating the kitchen from the living room. Jailyn walked over to us, holding out my blade to me, hilt first.
“I believe you want this back,” she said dryly. I reached out, taking it from her. She held up her hands as I eyed her thoughtfully. Tristan turned, his cold fingers wrapping around my wrist as he guided my blade into a sheath in his other hand. Pulling me up against him, he nuzzled my neck. I sighed as the rest of my anger left me. He briefly tightened his hold before releasing me and stepping back.
“Gear up, sweetheart,” he said softly as Skyler stopped before us.
“I am going to find out whatever secret you all are keeping from me!” the fledgling finally said and gave Freya a glare.
“Do not glare at me, young one,” Freya warned.
The fledgling frowned. “What? Is it against the law, too?”
“No, sweetling,” Jailyn said in amusement. “It is disrespectful.”
“Oh, shit,” Skyler said and groaned. “Not vampires, too? Kira disrespect Tristan all the time.”
“Well,” the necromancer drawled. “She likes to tread on the cusp of danger, does she not?”
“You have a point,” Skyler said slowly, as I walked to the table where my weapons were and rearmed myself.
“Where is Sven?” Jailyn asked, directing her question to Tristan.
“Having an argument with Liana,” Tristan said with a sigh.
She stared. “You’re kidding, right?”
“Find out for yourself.” Jailyn’s eyes briefly went unfocused before snapping back to reality with a groan. Closing her eyes, she pressed her fingers into them. Skyler burst out laughing, and Tristan smirked as Freya and I chuckled. From down the hall, I could hear Casiar cursing up a storm.
“My poor retinas,” Jailyn said and bashed her head into the wall beside her. “I’m going to have nightmares for centuries to come.” Everything went dark, and when we appeared, blistering curses filled my ears.
“Oh, good,” I said as Tristan stood on the other side of the room. “Both of you are still clothed.” Liana flopped down on the bed with a groan. Sven let out an annoyed growl and shifted himself in his pants.
“Could you not wait a couple more minutes?” he asked and scowled at me.
“What?” I asked, throwing up my hands in exasperation. “Just be glad you weren’t further along.”
Sven sighed. “If we were? I’d throw a fireball at your head.” Muttering, he pulled Liana to him and kissed her deeply. Smiling, I walked over to Tristan and allowed him to pull me into his arms. Nuzzling his neck, I sighed.
“That was rude,” I growled, low enough for only him to hear.
He sighed and held me tighter. “What can I say?” he asked. “I’m an asshole.”
“You are a fucking asshole,” Sven said from behind me, and I could feel him resisting the urge to punch his sire. I wasn’t about to stop him if he did.
“You gave Jailyn quite the eyeful,” I said and laughed.
Sven groaned. “You people are impossible,” he growled as Liana muttered something to herself. I turned in Tristan’s arms as she came over and gave me a quick hug.
“Glad you are up,” she said, and I nodded. “Make sure these two are on their best behavior.”
I smirked. “I will.” She grunted, giving Sven another quick kiss before disappearing into thin air. Tristan reached out, putting a hand on Sven’s shoulder as everything went dark.
When we appeared back in Jailyn’s living room, the necromancer gave us an irritated look. “I’m not even going to fucking ask.” She looked around until her eyes landed on Skyler. “Come with me, young one.” Looking nervous, she followed Jailyn down the hall. Pulling away from Tristan, I followed them. At the end of the hall, Jailyn opened a door, and we stepped through it and went downstairs. At the bottom landing, she led us through what looked like another living room. Instead of couches taking up the place, there were several chairs and tables, a few bookshelves lining up the walls, a computer stationed at each corner, a projector on one wall, and a fifty-inch TV mounted up near the ceiling. A few witches, shifters, and vampires all glanced up at us as we past. Jailyn opened another door, and we stepped through it. It closed behind us with a loud snap.
“Wow,” I said. “You have your own classroom setup here?”
“Yes,” said Jailyn. “Those are my apprentices who are far along in their studies.”
“Where do you teach the others?” I asked, peeking into a room and squinting at the rune enclosed circle.
“When I’m not checking up on individuals, I use an empty lecture hall on sublevel seven.”
“Ah,” I said, putting my hand on Skyler’s back as we went down another flight of stairs. She was too busy hanging on Jailyn’s every word to notice the steps in front of her.
“Has Alyssa attended any of your class?” Skyler asked, her hand on the railing. Jailyn sighed as she led us around a corner and to a heavy steel door at the end of the long hallway. The air here was oppressive, reeking of death magic. The walls to either side of me looked like they were moving—the shadows writhing and hissing, as if ready to attack us at any second or on Jailyn’s command. Skyler couldn’t even take her eyes off them as we came to a stop before the door. Every few seconds or so, shadows covered the door, and I shuddered as they writhed. This time, however, they didn’t dissipate.
“No,” the necromancer finally answered, and blood scented the air as she ripped into her wrist and held it out to the mass of darkness. They quickly lapped at her blood, and a few seconds later, the shadows parted as a clawed hand reached from the darkness and opened the door. Skyler let out a squeak as I gently pushed her through. Once inside, I looked around to find that we were in a small armory. Looking to Jailyn, I blinked at the small creature-like shadow clinging to her shoulders. Its red eyes blinked back at me and hissed. The necromancer reached up, stroking it like a pet. If I didn’t know any better, I would have thought it was another imp. “Pick your weapons,” Jailyn said to the only fledgling here. “Pick only those you know how to use.” Skyler nodded and walked over to a table that had a bunch of throwing knives on it. “Be careful, some of them are coated.” Picking up sheaths and strapping them to herself, she began to load up. When she was done, she walked over to a cabinet and looked at the swords inside. Jailyn smirked. “Do you know how to use one of those?”
Skyler hesitated. “A little?”
Jailyn shook her head and scowled down at her. “You are more likely to run yourself through. Grab some daggers, you know how to use those, am I correct?” Skyler nodded and went to another table. “Would you like anything from here, Ari?” I glanced at the cabinet Skyler was just looking at and frowned in thought. Walking over, I pulled it open and took out a black scabbard katana and a pair of shortswords. “Planning to go all out are you?” she asked, amusement in her voice. I shrugged, unsheathing my katana and looking at the gleaming, twenty-eight-inch, silver steel blade. Jailyn reached into the cabinet, pulling out a couple of tantos. I took them from her and quickly strapped the swords and daggers. Skyler stopped beside me and just stared at me. I scowled at her.
“What?”
“I’ve never seen you carry swords before,” the fledgling said and shrugged.
“There is a first time for everything,” I said and ruffled her blonde hair. “Shall we get going?” Jailyn nodded and teleported, taking us with her.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

Staring up at the bright sun, I sighed, wishing like hell that night had fallen ten minutes ago. Blinking behind the lenses of the sunglasses I was wearing, I looked to Tristan, as a spark of burning pain washed over me before he blocked it. Stepping under the shades of trees, he glared at Jailyn. “We’ll be out of the sun in just a moment,” the necromancer reassured him.
“He can handle it,” Sven drawled.
I smirked. “You’re just mad that we interrupted you and Liana.”
“Hmm,” he said, and then shrugged. “Now that I think about it—”
I unsheathed a blade and pointed it at him. “Don’t you dare finish that sentence,” I warned as he held up his hands and took a couple of steps back.
“I have no idea of what you are talking about.”
“Good,” I said and sheathed my blade as Jailyn gestured us to her side. Going over to Tristan, she put a hand on his arm, and my stomach dropped as the sun vanished, only to be replaced with a purple glow.
“Uh,” Skyler said slowly as she looked around. “Where are we? Or do I not want to know?”
“We are in the abyss,” Jailyn said as Xorik, Ketra, and Rozalia dropped from the purple haze to land in front of her. “Xorik and Ketra, you two are with me. Rozalia, go stand with Freya.” Annoyance flickered in Freya’s eyes, but she said nothing as the imp went over to stand beside her.
“The… where now?” Skyler asked with a frown.
Jailyn chuckled. “The abyss,” she said and pointed to several translucent-like figures standing just yards away from where we were. “The place everyone goes to when they die.” She frowned. “Like limbo.”
“Oh,” Skyler said, nodding. “Necromancer need-to-know stuff.”
“Sure,” the necromancer said slowly, before turning to Rozalia and scowling down at her. “Well?” she drawled when the imp remained silent.
“A necromancer is leading an army of imps,” Rozalia lisped.
“Oh?” I asked as a burst of energy coursed through me. “I call dibs on the necromancer.” Of course, everyone turned to stare at me. “What?” I asked defensively. When they continued to stare at me, I sighed and threw up my hands in exasperation. “What?” I repeated. “I’m not that sick…” I scowled. “Yet. And when I’m not puking up my guts, I’m going to have a necromancer for dinner!” I finished as my temper got the better of me. Jailyn held up her hands, as if warding me away.
“Okay,” she said slowly. “You can have the necromancer.”
I grunted. “You all can baby me when I drop unconscious or something. Until then, I like to chop off some heads.”
“Got it.”
I looked to Tristan and scowled. “You,” I said warningly. “Too.” I can see steam pouring out of your ears, Skyler said into my mind, laughing. I turned my scowl on her, and then turned back to Tristan when he still hadn’t said anything. His eyes narrowed on me, but he remained silent. I let out a heavy sigh and shrugged. “Just keep in mind that I will hurt you, if you are suggesting I stay behind.”
“I was not going to suggest such a thing,” he growled, and then sighed, shaking his head.
“You better not,” I said slowly and nodded to the spirits. “What are they doing here?”
Jailyn sighed. “I swear they have some kind of a magnetic pull towards me. Every time I come here, there seems to be a couple of them hanging around.”
“Well,” I drawled. “You are famous amongst the necromancers, after all.”
“Doubtful,” she said dryly, and I shrugged. “Lead the way, Rozalia. And Skyler, stay by your sire’s side.” She put up a hand, stopping whatever Skyler was about to say. “No,” she said firmly. “Do not argue with me, child.” Skyler grumbled something, flashing to my side as Rozalia and Freya led the way to wherever the hell we were going. To me, the abyss looked like a dark vast empty space. Hell, there weren’t even pillars around this time to make a landmark of some kind. After a couple of minutes of walking, it felt like we were getting nowhere. It was one of those feelings where you feel like you’re moving, but the destination you know that is right in front of you was always out of reach; no matter if you were crawling, walking, or sprinting for the fucking finish line.
“Hey,” Sven said softly as he nudged me. I glanced at him and gave him a questioning look. “You feeling okay?”
I frowned. “Yes?” I replied slowly.
“You look deeply lost in thought,” Tristan said, his hand at my lower back.
“Hmm,” I said thoughtfully. “I’m not allowed to think anymore?”
“Remember what happened last time?” Skyler asked in an audible whisper.
“What?” I asked in confusion and searched my memories for any gaps. When I didn’t find any, I frowned. “What do you mean by last time?”
She blinked at me. “Last time you had a blank expression on your face, your fever spiked without any warning.”
“Oh,” I said with a sigh, and then I laughed, because I couldn’t help it. It was either that, or cry. Freya looked back at us with a ‘WTF?’ look. Leaving Rozalia’s side, she came over to us. She waited until I was done laughing before putting a cool hand on my arm. I could feel Sven, Tristan, and Skyler’s eyes boring into me. Jailyn kept a close watch on the imps, and if I was suicidal enough; I would think that she wasn’t paying any attention to us. But none the less, I wasn’t that desperate… yet. “Don’t ask,” I said and let out a long sigh.
“Ask what?” Freya asked in mild amusement.
“Ask if I’m all right.”
She squeezed my arm lightly and dropped her hand. “Well? Are you?”
“I am perfectly fine,” I said sarcastically.
“I think she lost a marble or two,” Skyler hissed, and then yelped as I smacked her on the back of the head. “Ow,” she complained, wincing as she rubbed where I’d smacked her.
“I didn’t even hit you that hard,” I muttered.
“Humph.”
“Should I kiss it and make it go away?” I asked and smirked.
“Ari!” she spluttered. “I am not five!”
“That is a sign of annoyance,” Jailyn said in amusement as we came to a stop. “When your children start calling you by your name.” She glanced at Tristan. “Isn’t that right, Tristan?” In answer, he grunted. Shaking her head, she looked down at Rozalia. “Is this it?”
“Yes,” the imp hissed.
“How many imps are there?”
“About two dozen.” She hesitated. “There might be others.”
“Okay, all of you except for Ari.” She held up a hand, preventing me from protesting. “Take care of the demons. One of you point out Helagias so Skyler can have a go at him.” Tristan’s hand moved from my back to my shoulder, squeezing as if holding me in place. The instinct to protect Skyler rose sharply within me, and my vision went red, the rush of blood loud to my own ears. “Do not,” Jailyn said sharply and turned her penetrating gaze on Skyler. “Be reckless in your hunger for revenge. I will not have your sire gunning for my ass if you die. Do you understand me?” In the blink of an eye, she was suddenly in front of Skyler, who gasped and stumbled back a step. “Of course, you won’t be left alone for even a second, but I like to get my point across to be on the safe side.”
“I understand,” the fledgling said, nodding.
“Good,” the necromancer said and turned to me. “Ari, I give you my word that I will protect Skyler in your place,” she said gently and stroked my cheek. “Put away those fangs.” Blinking, I broke through the red haze, realizing that Tristan had his arms around me, and I was baring my fangs and growling.
“Well,” I said and cleared my throat as Jailyn dropped her hand. “Shit,” I muttered.
“We’ve all been there,” she whispered into my ear, low enough for only me to hear. “After a while, you get used to it, especially after you see what your child can and can’t do throughout the years. I’m not saying the feeling of over protectiveness will go away, but it will get easier to deal with it. It’s like…” She paused, searching for the right words. “Sending your kid out into the real world for the first time, knowing you won’t be able to protect them.” Just like that, a door to my past was thrown wide open, but before I could relive it, I let out a yelp as Jailyn bit me… hard.
“Ow!” I yelled as she straightened. “What was that for?”
“I had to bring you back to reality. I knew where you were heading, and right now, the timing is wrong.”
I shuddered. “Thanks.”
“Not a problem.” She looked around, frowning. “Please, don’t take this the wrong way, but I don’t think you should join in taking down the demons. I, however, will let you deal with the necromancer like you wanted.” I sighed, but nodded. “You feel fine now, but you’re not…” She scowled. “Fully recovered, and I don’t want you anywhere near the demons for the time being.”
“Okay,” I said and grumbled. “I completely understand.”
She let out a relieved sigh. “If you tell me where you’re going to be, I can bring the necromancer to you, unless you like to accompany us to hell?”
“I'd rather be there, even though I won’t be killing any demons.”
She nodded. “Very well. When I jump us, be ready to kill. Ari, I’ll teleport you to an empty room once I know where we are.” I nodded, and then hissed as I fell into darkness as my world spun out from under me.
When it lifted, I was on my hands and knees, and the air around me smelled slightly of sulfur. All around me, the sound of screaming and snarling could be heard. Jailyn put a hand on my shoulder, and everything once again went dark. Getting to my feet, I looked around, breathing deeply through my nose and out my mouth as my stomach churned violently. Beside me, Freya muttered something under her breath, and my skin began to tingle at the brush of magic. We were standing in what looked like a waiting room in an abandon building. Jailyn was nowhere in sight as I scowled at the overturned chairs, smashed desk, and broken light bulbs and windows. “Interesting choice of location is it not?” Freya asked as I jumped over the desk, smashing the glass partition as I headed for the stairs leading up. “I suppose it is a fitting spot to dispose of unwanted trash.” She followed me as I peeked inside what used to be offices at one point or another. Now, they were just hidey-holes for cobwebs, rats, and insects. Some of them I had no idea what they were called. Finding a mostly clean one, I stepped inside and walked over to the cracked window on the far wall that was splattered with what looked like black tar. Outside, night had fallen completely, and in the depths of shadows, I could see creatures roaming about. Wherever Jailyn had taken me, it was nowhere near the battle that was probably going down right at this second. Behind me, the air stirred, and a choking sound met my ears, as if someone had punched someone else in the throat. “This must be our friend,” Freya said as I turned to look at the writhing, choking necromancer on the floor.
“It looks like it,” I said, still feeling slightly nauseous.
“I believe you will need this,” she said and placed a white blade in my hand. At the moment, there was a shimmering blue glow around the edges of the eighteen-inch blade, and if there was enough light in this god forsaken place, it would've shimmered silver under the bright glare. The lithium blade tingled on contact with my palm as I took it from her. The necromancer stopped writhing and choking, and he coughed as he got to his feet and made a run for the door. Instead of going through the opening, he ran headfirst into an invisible barrier and was thrown backward onto the floor.
“Careful there,” I said and went over to him. “You don’t want to knock yourself out before we even begin to get a chance to know each other.”
“Who the hell are you?” he snarled.
I arched an eyebrow. “You do not recognize me?”
“I haven’t seen your pretty ass around before. Someone looking like you would be hard to forget,” he hissed as he slowly sat up. “Though, you don’t look so well at the moment.” I didn’t feel it, either, I thought as I smirked at him.
“I am flattered,” I said and flipped the blade I was holding. “But I’m sadly, already taken.”
His nostrils flared, and I almost stabbed him as he inhaled deeply. “What am I doing here? How did I get here?”
“Look at that,” I said dryly to Freya. “He is being smart. We don’t get much of those now these days. Pretty sad, if you asked me.”
“To be fair, he did try to run,” she replied in a conversational tone. “If my calculation is correct, he is not that smart.”
“Hmm, you have a point.”
“Stop talking about me like I’m not here,” the necromancer snapped.
“He also has a temper,” Freya said in amusement. “Whatever shall we do about it?”
I shrugged. “I have a few ideas.”
“Care to enlighten both of us to what they may be?”
I frowned at the necromancer before me, halting my flipping of the blade. “Do you know what this is?” I asked him and bent, putting the tip of the blade under his chin and lifting it until he was looking me in the eye. Jerking back, he hissed, baring his fangs. “Judging by your reaction, I’ll take it that you do know what this is.”
“Magic,” he growled.
“Should we find out what will happen if I stab you with this? Or maybe I’ll just prick you a little bit.” Reaching out, I haul him to his feet and slammed him on top of the smashed desk. He snarled at me, and I gasped as he drove his foot into my stomach. Doubling over, I wheezed for breath, and at the same time, I did my best not to throw up.
“That was unwise of you,” Freya said as I groaned. Tightening my grip on the hilt of the lithium blade, I slowly straightened and glared at him.
“I can see that you’re done being on your best behavior,” I said as my stomach settled. Closing in on him, I held up the blade until he could see it. “Do you really know what this is?” I asked quietly. “Because to me, you don’t look afraid enough. Anyone recognizing this lovely, lovely blade tends to… beg not to be stabbed. You, however, seem to think this is an ordinary magical blade.” I stared deeply into his eyes and smiled evilly. “Shall I demonstrate?” I asked in a whisper. Freya’s hand came into view, and I watched as a bright ball of light appeared on her palm. Grabbing the necromancer’s chin, she prevented him from averting his eyes from the bright glare.
“Watch closely,” the witch instructed and aimed the light on the blade, until everyone could see the silver shimmering there. It was priceless when recognition entered the necromancer’s eyes.
“There it is,” I drawled, and before he could do so much as twitch a muscle, I drove the blade into his ribs, sighing as his screams filled my ears.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

Freya cursed as the light winked out of existence, plunging the room back into complete darkness. Hot blood sprayed on us both as I yanked the blade out and stepped back. Still screaming a bloodcurdling scream, the necromancer popped off the desk, only to hit the floor with a loud thump. “I thought it was supposed to knock his ass unconscious?” I asked as the scent of fresh blood brought on my hunger. Well, I was already hungry, but this just made it more pronounced as my stomach clenched painfully. It took all I had within me not to grab him and rip into his neck.
“Normally, it would have,” Freya said tightly and reluctantly backed away from the bleeding necromancer. “But I have spelled it so that he does not slip into unconsciousness. Letting him feel his magic being drained sounded more…” She paused and inhaled deeply. “Appealing, does it not?”
“I suppose you have a point.” I scowled at the necromancer. “How long will he be screaming like this? My ears are starting to bleed.”
She shrugged. “I do not know. I have never stabbed someone with this particular blade and allow them to scream.”
“Well, do forgive me,” I said to the necromancer and pummeled him on the side of his head with the hilt of the lithium blade, hard enough to knock him out. “Much, much better,” I said as he fell blissfully silent. Freya held out a hand, and I dropped the bloody weapon onto her palm. Kicking the necromancer onto his back, I crouched before him and went through his pockets. Pulling out a wad of cash, I held it up to Freya. “How much do you think he has here?” She took it from me and began counting as I went back to the stuff in the necromancer’s pockets. Finding a few glass vials, I pulled them out with interest. “What do we have here?”
“What are those?” Freya asked in clear interest. “May I?” I nodded, letting her take them from my hands. Reaching back inside his pockets, I pulled out a USB card, a switchblade, and a red pen. I straightened and stared at the USB card, wondering what on earth could be on it. “I will take those as well if you like?” I nodded, handing them over to Freya as the necromancer slowly regained consciousness.
“If you start screaming, I will knock you out again,” I warned as he blinked open his eyes. When he only groaned, I smiled. “Welcome back to the living. It’s nice to have you back with us.” His eyes narrowed on me, and I held up a hand. “Oh, one more thing, don’t try any magic, it won’t work. If your brain hadn’t registered it yet, I stabbed you with a lithium blade, and if you don’t know what that is, I take back what I said about you being smart.”
“What the fuck do you want?” the necromancer hissed.
“Ah,” I said. “We’re finally getting somewhere.” I unsheathed one of my many blades and flipped it end-over-end. He let out a gasp as it buried itself in the right side of his chest. “I want to know what you and your little army of demons are looking for. Clearly, you have been searching and have not found it yet.” I had an idea of what they were looking for, but I wanted to hear it for myself, and I wanted to know what the hell they want with it.
“Nothing that concerns you,” he hissed, and then grunted in pain. “Nothing that would interest someone like you.”
“Nothing that would interest me?” I growled as I resisted the urge to stab him again. “Does it interest you, Freya?”
“Oh,” Freya replied, as if in thought. “Very much so.”
“There you have it,” I said to the necromancer, and he screamed as I yanked the blade out. “I suggest you tell me, preferably before I get angry and carve your name or necromancer on your forehead. What letter do you think you’ll pass out on?”
His eyes widened, and he shook his head. “I’ll tell you.”
“The clock is ticking,” I said as he hesitated.
“The shroud.”
“Why?” I asked, as if we talked about a mystical shroud every day, over tea and crumpets no less.
He shrugged. “Why would anyone want to look for a shroud that could gain you power?”
“Do you even know what this shroud can do?”
“I’ve heard rumors.”
“Just in the vampire community?”
“Everywhere.”
“You do know I can’t let you continue this… quest of yours, right?”
“Going to report me to the Council?”
“A little too late with that question I am afraid,” Freya said in amusement.
“What?” the necromancer spluttered as I mentally reached for Jailyn. What is it, Ari? Jailyn silently asked. Are you all right? I’m fine, I silently said to her. I was wondering if you could send another Council member to me. Unless you guys are done? I silently asked. We are just about done here, but give me a minute; I’ll bring someone to you. I mentally nodded and pulled back. “What do you mean by that?” the necromancer snapped at Freya, who shrugged. I walked over to the tar splattered wall and scraped some onto the tip of my blade. “What are you doing?” he all but yelled as I came back to him. “Do you even know what the fuck that is?”
“Do you think I’m stupid?” I snapped. A fireball appeared in my right hand, and I held it over the blade, until the tar-like substance melted. Meeting the necromancer’s terrified gaze, his expression went blank as I rolled him. “Open wide,” I said and stuck the blade into his mouth. “Lick it off.” He did as he was told, and I withdrew the still smoking blade. “Swallow it, and when I release you, you’ll be silent and not make a sound. Do you understand me?” The necromancer nodded, his eyes rolling to the back of his head as he silently writhed in agony, sweat pouring off of him in rivulets. My nostrils burned at the smell of demon blood—acrid, acidy, and metallic-like.
“Nicely done,” Freya said, smirking. “Pretty soon you will be back to your old torturing self. Would that not be amusing? I am quite sure that your fellow torturers miss you these past years.”
“How would you know? You’ve been living in an ice cave for the past two thousand years,” I said dryly.
“Perhaps.” She shrugged. “I still keep up with current events every now and then, even in my little bubble of a world.”
“Did you need me for something?” Evelyn asked from the opened doorway.
I turned to her. “Eve!” I said, a little too enthusiastically. “Welcome to the party!”
“I’m glad that I’m invited,” she said and smirked, her eyes going to the writhing necromancer on the floor. “Is he our guest of honor?” I shrugged, moving out of her way as she came to crouch at the necromancer’s side. Grabbing hold of his chin, she stared deeply into his eyes. “Stop writhing,” she said, and unable to resist the compulsion, he went still. “Now, let’s see what we have here.” Stroking his cheek, she leaned in. “I remember you,” she whispered in his ear.
“You do?” Freya and I asked in unison.
“Hmm,” Evelyn said thoughtfully. “He was brought before us about two hundred years ago.”
“Oh?” I asked. “What for?”
“Medaling with humans, using them as his puppets to wreak havoc.”
“Interesting,” I said and scowled at the necromancer. “The Council let him go?”
“Not particularly. He was sentence to ground for a century and a half.”
“So he was recently released?”
“Yes.”
I snorted. “His time spent in ground drove him insane it seems.” She chuckled. “Will he be put back in the ground? Or can I kill him?”
“Let’s see,” Evelyn said and narrowed her eyes. A few seconds later, blood trickled from the necromancer’s eyes, nose, and ears as she tore through his mind. If he could, he would be screaming and fighting her with all the strength he had left in him. After a long moment, Evelyn released him and straightened. “We can’t allow that now, can we? Yes, more will come after the shroud, but with you out of the picture…” She shrugged. “What can I say? One less asshole in the world to deal with.” She walked from the room, before turning and giving us a creepy smile. “I don’t have to say it, but I will just because I feel like it.” A fireball appeared in her hand. “Oh, if you like, you can scream, writhe, beg, whatever you want.” I hunched into myself and covered my ears, a split second before the necromancer’s bloodcurdling screams blasted my eardrums. He screamed and screamed, until his voice gave out with a rattling sound. A stream of orange flame streaked across the room and into his mouth, before it died out with a soft sizzling sound. “On the behalf of the Council,” Evelyn said quietly. “I hereby, sentence you to death.” Without another word, she vanished into thin air. I glanced at my hand, as a small block of ice appeared on my palm. Walking over to the wheezing, writhing necromancer, I stuck my left hand into his mouth and winced as he instinctively snapped it shut. As he did so, his throat opened up, and he choked on the ice as it went down the wrong way. Pulling my hand free, I frowned at him thoughtfully as my blood slowly dripped to the dirty floor. Not only that, my hand was also burning from contact with demon blood. His mouth bleeding, blistering, and popping, the necromancer tried to speak, but no words would come.
“It hurt, doesn’t it?” I asked softly. “Imagine having over a pint of demon blood in you. Imagine how that would feel. Imagine yourself being struck by lightning wielded by a demon. Imagine yourself being clawed open. Imagine yourself burning from the inside out. Can you imagine all that pain and not lose your mind in the process?” I reached out, cupping his chin with my wounded hand; I stared into his wild, crazed, terrified eyes. “Let me show you what that is like,” I whispered. “I’m sure you’ll like what you see.” One of his hands rose to grab at my wrist, but it was like a newborn trying to push me away. Going back to the night when I got my ass fucked six ways to Sunday by a Kreeto, I allowed myself to replay the entire event, as if it was real. Only this time, I pulled the necromancer along for the ride. He would see, feel, and hear everything, as if he was actually there fighting the demon instead of me. When it was over, I released him and let out a shudder. “I’m not done with you yet,” I said as he silently screamed and tried to back away from me. I again reached for him and spun him around. In lightning speed, I punched into his back and dug for his spinal cord. If he wasn’t so fucked over horribly to begin with, his screams would have been music to my ears. All that escaped him was a half wheeze, half gasping sound, unable to get air to his lungs to build up the pressure needed for a full-blown, earsplitting scream he wanted to so badly let out. Wrapping my fingers around his spine, I yanked it out, ignoring the pain that slowly burned through me. I dropped it and kicked him onto his back before he could face plant with the floor. Slamming both hands into his ribs, I cracked them, digging my fingers in and pulling them apart, until I could see the inside of him. Dark, dark red blood rained on and down around me as I pulled my hands out and flipped him over. Reinserting my hands back inside him, I crushed the rest of his ribs, holding him up as his steaming insides spilled from him. “Tell me something,” I said into his ear. “Should I end your suffering now? Or shall I pull out your remaining organs one by one?” I glanced at Freya and winced. Saying nothing this entire time, she looked like she was in agony as she all but glued herself to the wall, the part that wasn’t splattered with demon blood. Her eyes were white, and if I hadn’t given the necromancer demon blood, she would have been on him faster than I could even blink. Hell, she wasn’t the only one who was starving. Cursing, I returned my attention to the necromancer and released him. As he fell, I reached for his heart and yanked it out from behind. It was still beating as his lifeless body hit the blood-coated, organ strewn floor. My hand ignited, setting the heart ablaze. I tossed a fireball onto the body and watched it go up in flames. Walking over to Freya, I grabbed her by the shirt and pulled her from the room as the fire slowly spread. My entire body burned as my vision began to blur around the edges. A little glad that this didn’t happen in the middle of me killing the necromancer, I teleported out of the collapsing building, taking Freya with me.
“Stanton,” Freya hissed as her arms came around me, catching me before I could fall. “You have done enough for one night.”
“No, biting,” I mumbled as my world spun around me.
“I would not do such a thing,” she slowly growled, as if it took much, much effort to speak. “You do not smell right.”
“Oh, thanks.” She said nothing as she began to move. The only sound besides the rush of blood in my ears was her growling low in her throat. I could feel the chills coming over me, and I closed my eyes, hoping Freya kept a tight hold on her beast a little longer and not drain me. An explosion sounded off in the distance, and I didn’t have to see it, to know that the building we just exited was now nothing more than a smoldering pile of ruins. Frigid wind pressed against my back as she sped across what looked like downtown for hell. I opened my eyes, and from the shadows, demons watched us curiously, but didn’t make a move to stop us. I could feel the call of other vampires drawing near, and Freya grunted, launching us into the sky and right for them. Someone whistled as we landed a minute later. Spotting a newspaper stand, I snatched up one wrapped in plastic for later reading. Maybe I’ll even subscribe to hell’s weekly issue of current events. Did they have a ‘Dear Abby’ column?
“Okay,” Jailyn said off to my left. “We’re all here.” Freya tightened her hold around me as my world spun away from me. I squeezed my eyes shut, breathing the scent of cool eucalyptus into my lungs. “Everybody get the hell out and wash up,” Jailyn said as Freya passed me over to Tristan. Yelping, my eyes popped open, and I glared at him. Before I could splutter out an awesome comment, Freya took the newspaper from my hand, and I screamed as Tristan tossed me into the small pool. Ice cold water rushed over my head as I struggled to the surface. “Come on,” Jailyn said from beside me and smirked. “Strip.” Spluttering, coughing, and shivering, I struggled as I pulled my drenched, bloodied shirt over my head. Freya plucked it from my hands, and it went up in flames a second later. Tristan hit the water with a loud splash, and I allowed both him and Jailyn to pull the rest of my clothes off. Except for Freya, they were both naked. A few seconds later, I, too, was completely naked.
“Are you hurt anywhere else?” Tristan growled as they all finally got a look at my half-healed hand. I frowned in thought as Skyler’s head popped from the water. Jailyn muttered something about idiots not obeying orders and leaned in to sniff me. Detecting demon blood in me, she pulled back and cursed colorfully, in Swedish, Italian, French, and German, to name a few.
“Sven,” Skyler called. “Get ready to drain the pool.”
“On it,” Sven said from somewhere as she jumped from the water. Tristan and Jailyn followed her out, and I sat on the second step of the pool and stared into the water. Jailyn held out a blade to me, and I took it with a sigh.
“Whenever you are ready,” she said softly and ruffled my dark red hair that looked black when wet. I nodded and leaned back against Tristan, as he held me up with a cold hand on my spine.
“Let’s get this done and over with,” I said, and taking in a deep breath, I pressed the blade to my own wrist and sliced it open with a few curses of my own.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

As my blood met the icy water, it made a loud sizzling sound, as if someone threw strips of bacon onto the fryer that was set to medium. “Ooo,” I said with false delight. “That,” I said dramatically. “Looks delicious.”
“Um…” Skyler said hesitantly. “Sire?”
I looked over at her, to find her staring at the ceiling instead of me. “Yes?”
Her eyes flickered to me before quickly returning to the ceiling. “Are you okay?” she asked, in a tone that clearly said that I was not okay.
“Of course,” I said and scowled at her. “I am doing just fine.” I winced as I reopened the wound on my wrist, letting my blood pour out in thick rivulets in front of me and turning the water dark in the process. Taking hold of Tristan’s arm, I pushed myself to my feet and stepped from the pool. Opening my wrist for the ninth time, I watched as my blood turned into a brighter shade of red. Though it wasn’t bright crimson like I was used to seeing for the past one thousand years of my life, give or take, I knew that the last drop of demon blood was gone. In its place was my downright hunger for blood. Handing Jailyn back her blade, I raised my wrist to my mouth and licked close the many self-inflicted wounds that I’ve made. “I am so fucked,” I groaned and teleported.
In my room, I pulled out clean clothes and quickly dressed, shivering as the chills racked me. “Fucking ass,” I muttered to myself and scowled at the mini-fridge beside the bed. Walking over to it, I lifted the lock pad and punched in numbers. When it blinked red at me, I cursed. Just to make sure, I tried entering the pass code twice more. After my third try, the red light kept blinking at me, as if accusing me of trying to break in. I was going to kill Tristan. That fucking asshole. Dropping the damn thing, I straightened as the sound of beeps met my ears, insistent and annoying. Turning, I glared at Tristan, who was holding an iPhone in one hand and a blood bag in the other. “Really?” I spluttered and flashed to his side, snatching the blood from him. “You changed the pass code on me?” Still glaring at him, I ripped into the bag and groaned at the hot blood that went down my throat. Looking annoyed that I stole his blood, he shut off the alarm and slipped the phone into his pocket. He had nothing on except for a pair of pants. When I was done draining the bag, I was shivering so hard it wasn’t even funny. “Damn it,” I said and walked to the trashcan, dropping the empty blood bag into it. Tristan came up behind me, and I almost shed a tear as the heat of him wrapped around me. Pulling me into his arms, I turned and snuggled into him. I rested my head on his shoulder as he led me from the bedroom and into the living room. Dropping onto the couch, he let out a sigh. “What?” I asked and turned in his arms. “What are you sighing about?”
“I can feel your hunger,” he growled as I leaned back against him.
“Oh,” I said and winced.
“And that one bag did nothing for you.”
“It did… a tiny bit.” He tightened his hold on me as Jailyn appeared in the middle of the living room.
“Sven and Freya will join us soon,” the necromancer said and flopped onto the opposite couch with a groan, throwing an arm over her eyes as she leaned back, her head hitting the wall behind her with a thump.
“Where is Skyler?” I asked and grunted as my stomach clenched painfully.
“With them,” she said with a sigh.
“I take it that Helagias is dead?”
“Oh, that damn imp is very much dead, along with twenty-five others. Stupid, fucking, moronic idiots.” She dropped her arm and let out a heavy sigh. “Freya left the newspaper on your office desk by the way.” I nodded as the front door opened and shut.
“Who’s around?” Kira called from the entryway.
“No one,” I said and cursed. “It would be nice if you come in here.”
“Why?” she asked suspiciously as she stopped in the archway separating the hall from the living room. Tristan stiffened, and I didn’t have to wonder why. Kira eyed me, and then she blinked. “Oh, shit.”
“What?” I asked, and she shrieked as I broke away from Tristan. Moving in a blur, I grabbed her and yanked her to me.
“Damn it, Kira,” Jailyn complained. “You have rendered me temporarily deaf.” Kira glanced at Tristan, who just gave her a blank stare.
“I’m a little hungry,” I growled.
“A little?” the fledgling exclaimed, and then gasped as I buried my fangs in her throat. I tightened my hold around her as she instinctively struggled against me. She cursed at me as I pulled fast and hard on her neck, drawing the hot, sweet blood down my throat with a growl. I kept at it, until I felt cold fingers jabbing hard into my cheeks. Yelping, I pulled back, growling as I rubbed at the slight ache. I released Kira, and Tristan’s hand shot out, catching her and pulling her to him.
“Well, damn,” I muttered. “I didn’t take that much.”
Jailyn cleared her throat. “Yeah,” she said dryly. “You kind of drained her.”
“Only a little,” I said, and she laughed as Kira blinked open her eyes and drank deeply from her sire’s wrist.
“Enough,” Tristan growled. Kira said something unintelligible before withdrawing her fangs and pouting at me. She let out a squeak, jumping back as I made a grab for her. Smirking, I turned to Jailyn as she walked over to me.
“Have at it,” the necromancer said and held out her wrist to me. “Unlike Tristan, I fed before coming here.” Taking hold of her wrist, I bared my fangs, and she let out a curse as I ripped into it. “For the record,” she said through clenched teeth. “You’re not allowed to drain me.” She glared at Tristan as he turned to her. “Get out,” she muttered to him. He scowled. “Yes, I’m kicking you out of your own house. That’s only because if someone doesn’t, you won’t hunt, and that won’t do Ari any good when you considered her as food.” She paused as I pulled back, choking and coughing. “Er…” She glared at me. “Oh, you know what I meant,” she snapped.
“Everyone is food to him,” I said, taking the glass of water that Kira was suddenly holding out to me. I drained it after a few gulps, trying not to laugh.
“You have a point there,” the necromancer muttered. Tristan held up his hands, shaking his head as he walked to the front door.
“Have I missed something?” Freya asked from the floor above. I glanced up, smirking as she placed her pale hands on the railing and leaned forward, her eyes drilling holes into Kira. “The little one is blushing so hard I can feel the heat from up here.”
“Nothing,” Kira, Jailyn, and I said in unison.
She chuckled. “I see,” she said slowly, an amused glint in her dark red eyes.
“You know what?” Kira spluttered, throwing up her hands. “I’m going to my room,” she finished and stomped away down the hall, muttering under her breath as she went.
“That one, she is quite something,” Freya said, vaulting the railing and landing in a silent crouch before straightening to her full height and giving us the once-over. Coming over to me, she put a hand on my shoulder and led me back to the couch. “You, dear one, should sit before you fall over.” She gently pushed me onto it and gave me a warning look, taking the empty glass from my hand and setting it on the table.
“How old are you, Freya?” I suddenly asked, my curiosity finally getting the better of me.
“Why do you ask?” She sat down beside me, and I didn’t miss the fact that Jailyn suddenly found much interest in her phone.
“I’m just wondering,” I said slowly, scowling at the necromancer.
“I am twenty-five.”
I blinked at her, and then beat her senseless with the pillow that was behind me. “Freya!” I exclaimed as Jailyn let out a choked sound. “You know what I mean.”
“I do,” she said, chuckling as she plucked the pillow from my hands. “You do not want me to answer that question.”
I scowled. “Why not? Is it another family secret?” Out the corner of my eye, I saw Jailyn wincing and giving Freya a smirk before tapping away on her phone. “What?” I asked, snatching the pillow back and hugging it to me.
“Hmm,” Freya said thoughtfully, and I could practically see the wheels turning around and around in her head as she debated with herself. That only piqued my curiosity even more as I waited for her to continue. “Well…” Freya said after a long moment of silence, hesitating. “Do you know who Ulrika is?”
“Yes?” I replied cautiously.
“Do you know how old she is?”
“Yes?” I repeated. “She is like ten thousand two hundred and something years old.”
“Two hundred and three to be exact.”
I peered at her closely, trying very hard not to bite her in annoyance. “Are you saying you’re older than Ulrika?”
She shrugged. “By two hundred and seventy-two years give or take.”
I stared at her. “Damn, you don’t look a year over twenty.”
She smirked. “Since we are now on the subject, my mother was the first witch to ever exist. She gave birth to me five years after her powers were unbound at the age of sixteen. She died while giving birth to me, and I never knew my father. Years later, I found out from one of the villagers that he died a couple of months before I was born.”
“How?”
She shrugged. “During a skirmish with a nearby village over a disagreement, or a trade gone wrong.”
“And you became a vampire five thousand years later.”
“I did,” she said, even though I hadn’t stated it as a question. A faraway look came over her, and I watched her in silence, not even a pin hitting the floor could be heard. Jailyn wasn’t even breathing. “Tristan was a harsh sire,” Freya said and blinked. “But when he was not growling, snarling, or throttling us all for one reason or another, he was great to be around, and he has taught me well throughout the centuries.” I shivered, and it wasn’t because of the cold.
“You do know that he still growls, snarls, and throttles his children, right?” I asked and smirked. “Hell, he tossed them around like bowling balls.”
She chuckled. “Oh, I know that too well. You should be glad that you did not know him back then.”
“Oh, I am,” I said and shuddered.
“Be glad that you didn’t know any of us back then,” Jailyn said with a smirk. “The B.C era was…” She whistled. “Just be glad you weren’t born until 886 A.D. Not saying your era was grand but.” She shrugged. “I’d pick my own time period if I had anything to say about it.”
“The twenties?” Freya asked and chuckled.
“Hey,” Jailyn said and scowled at her. “There’s nothing wrong with jazz.”
“I have to say, I am rather fond of the seventies and eighties myself.”
“Humph.”
“I am also fond of the eighteenth century.”
“Ah,” I said and leaned back with a sigh, kicking my feet up onto the table. “The classical days.”
“Indeed,” she said and got up. Grabbing the empty glass, she disappeared into the kitchen.
“So,” I said and groaned as the scent of fresh blood reached me. “How did you keep yourself from aging for five thousand years?” She returned holding a pitcher and an empty glass a few minutes later, and I almost leapt from the couch and attacked her for it.
“Yes,” Jailyn said, suddenly beside me with a hand on my shoulder, as if knowing exactly what I was thinking about. She probably did as my eyes dilated, and I think I was drooling a little. “I’d like to know that myself.” Her hand tightened on my shoulder as I dropped my feet to the floor. Hell, I couldn’t even take my eyes from the blue pitcher, knowing what was in it.
“Fuck,” Tristan snarled, appearing in the archway and stumbling back a step, his white eyes losing the red faster than you could say hold up.
“Fuck!” Jailyn yelled.
“Freya!” he snarled. “Varför? Varför Har ni Inte varna mig?” he snapped, and then began cursing.
“Förlåt mig,” she said, setting the pitcher and cup on the table. “Inte ett steg, far, annars kommer du inte gillar vad jag gör med dig.”
Faster than the eye could track, he had Freya up against the wall, his hand around her throat and squeezing. “Vågar inte hota mig, barn,” he growled, sending chills skittering down my spine, my bloodlust temporarily forgotten.
“Jag ÄR ledsen,” she wheezed, her hands around his wrist. “I am sorry,” she repeated. “Please, forgive me.” Growling, he released her, but she held on tightly to his wrist as his eyes went to the pitcher of blood. “Not for you,” she growled, coughing.
“What did you do to it?” he asked with a tired sigh, prying her fingers from around his wrist and stepping back.
Rubbing her neck, she shrugged. “I made my blood more potent for her.”
“Can I drink now?” I all but complained as my hunger came roaring back to life. Shrugging Jailyn’s hand from me, I leaned forward and picked up the pitcher. Tristan grabbed my wrist, preventing me from raising it to my mouth. I took in a deep breath and groaned as he held the cup under it and began to pour. Placing the hot cup of blood into my other hand, he took the pitcher from me. “Drinking from the pitcher is much easier, you know,” I said and drained the cup as my eyes rolled to the back of my head.
“To answer your question, Ari,” Freya said as Tristan poured me another cup. “Given what my primary is, I was able to manipulate my blood and body in ways so that I did not age.”
“And a potion,” Jailyn muttered. “She made a damn potion once she knew it was working.”
“You like to experiment, don’t you?” I asked as I drained my third cup. Freya shrugged. Tristan harrumphed.
“One of which would have killed you,” he growled. “And it would have.”
“If it was not for you coming to my rescue,” Freya said dryly. “I knew someone was watching me.”
“And you decided to take a risk.”
“All my experiments come with a risk, as you very well know.”
“And I do not approve of some of those experiments you’re working on,” he snapped. “Especially the ones that involves demon blood,” he growled, handing me my last cup of blood. “Every month, I kept expecting to feel the horrendous pain of a death bond from you.” Freya, Jailyn, and I winced.
“You never told me that,” Freya said quietly.
“Would it have mattered?” he asked, just as softly. I stared into the empty cup in my hand, inwardly wincing. Though it did not show on the outside where others could see, I could feel Tristan’s pain through the bond, as if it was my own. Freya could probably feel it too, but like all of his children he interacted with, he didn’t allow them to feel his true emotion through the bond that linked them to him.
“Perhaps,” Freya said, and I could tell she wanted to go to him. “Perhaps not.” She winced, swallowing hard. “Now that I know, I will be even more careful.” Tristan said nothing, taking the cup from my hand and disappearing into the kitchen. Ouch, I silently thought and sighed. It was always painful, witnessing a moment between a sire and a child, a moment best left private between the two of them. Sometimes, things just came out, whether you liked it or not. Freya rubbed at her temples as she stared after Tristan. Go to him, Jailyn said into our minds. Freya hesitated, before sighing and walking from the living room to find him.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

“Ouch,” Jailyn said and winced.
“You ever have that kind of conversation with Jesric?”
“Oh, many times, and it never gets easier.”
“You and Casiar?” I asked with a smirk. “It’s probably doubly hard on him since you guys are mated.”
She sighed. “It is. That is one of the reasons why he took up necromancy.”
“So he can find you wherever you are and get to you if he has to?” She grunted. “I can totally understand that.”
“It was that, or we were going to end up arguing like an old married couple for centuries to come.”
I chuckled. “So,” I said and looked around. I couldn’t hear any sound, but then again, most of the house was soundproofed.
“I know that look,” Jailyn said dryly.
“What look?” I asked and scowled at her.
“The look that tells me, you want to say or ask something, but don’t want anyone to overhear.” She eyed me thoughtfully. “Am I right?”
“Am I that obvious?”
She shrugged and got up, pulling me up with her. “How are you feeling? Are you up for a walk?”
“Sure. If I fall over, you can always carry me.”
“I think you would prefer that Tristan carry you instead of me,” she drawled, leading me to the front door.
“I would, but he’s not here.” Opening the door, I stepped out and glanced up at the setting sun. “Where are we going?” I asked as Jailyn followed me out, pulling the door shut behind her.
“No idea.”
I blinked at her. “Okay then,” I said and hopped around like an idiot as I put on my boots.
“If you start feeling sick, let me know.”
I scowled at the ground as I straightened. “Yes, mother,” I muttered.
She snorted, giving me a gentle shove to get me walking. “None of that, smart ass.” I didn’t have to look back to know that Freya and Tristan had rejoined us.
“Where are we off to on this fine night?” Freya asked and ducked just as Tristan put up a hand to smack her.
“Be nice to each other,” I said and took Tristan’s hand into mine. Growling under his breath, he pulled me close and nuzzled my neck.
“For a walk,” said Jailyn. “A nice stroll in the park,” she drawled. “Look at some amazing sceneries. Anybody brought a camera?” I reached into Tristan’s pocket and pulled out his phone. Going into camera, I turned and snapped a picture of Jailyn’s ass and was about to send it to Casiar, but it was plucked from my hand before I could.
“You cruel, cruel woman,” Freya said as she and Jailyn laughed. Glaring daggers at me, Tristan deleted the picture, and for god sake, he didn’t even look at my camera workmanship.
“I went to all that for nothing?” I asked and pouted.
“You are so going to pay for that later,” Tristan growled, slipping the phone back into his pocket.
“Will it involve spanking?” I asked sweetly, and then laughed as Jailyn and Freya let out a choking sound.
His eyes narrowed dangerously. “No,” he said slowly as we turned a corner. “You just won’t get any tonight.”
I gasped. “You wouldn’t dare,” I spluttered.
“I think that is a sign that we should leave,” Freya whispered to Jailyn. “I feel like an argument is about to happen.”
I put my arms around Freya and gave her a bear hug. “What argument? He won’t be able to resist me for long,” I said as we came to a stop behind Starbucks. “Besides, if there’s anyone who is not getting some tonight, it will be him.” Tristan growled, cursing under his breath.
“You know what?” Jailyn asked, chuckling. “Freya is right, you are cruel.”
“What?” I gasped, releasing Freya and throwing up my hands. “In my defense, I have my reasons.” Freya leaned against the wall of a movie rental place and laughed softly. Jailyn knocked over a styrofoam Starbucks cup into the trash that someone had left sitting on the lid, smirking and trying not to laugh out loud.
“I give up,” Tristan muttered. “Why do I even bother hanging out with you people?”
“Because you love us,” said Freya. He just… stared at her. She opened her mouth to say something, only to snap it shut as Skyler, holding Amaris in her puppy form, dropped from the sky. We all stared at her as she straightened. I had no idea why she was here, and I couldn’t feel any distress from her. In fact, I couldn’t feel her at all. Fear rolled off of Amaris, and the pup jumped from her arms and flew past Tristan with her tail between her legs and a whimper. She didn’t make it far, however. She let out a yelp, as Tristan snatched her from the air and held her tight. Skyler swallowed hard, and then she exploded. Stumbling back, I let out a hiss as fury blinded me. It wasn’t my fury I was feeling, but it might as well have been. Freya quickly muttered something under her breath, and my ears popped as a whoosh sounded.
“I!” Skyler shrieked. “Have! A! Fucking! Demon! In! My! Fucking! House!” We barely got out of the way as the dumpster exploded. “She is so! Fucking! Stupid! So fucking! Stupid! So!” She shrieked, and just before she could blow out the windows from nearby buildings, everything went dark.
Tristan caught me, his arms coming around me as it felt like my eyes were about to explode from my head. I also realized that Amaris was no longer with us. Blood trickled from the corners of my eyes, as a high-pitched ringing started up in my ears. This time, it wasn’t because of Skyler. She stood frozen on the spot, also bleeding from her eyes and ears. Casiar reached out, taking her in his arms and moving to stand at Tristan’s side. Freya gulped, as Tristan pulled her close, squishing her against me. Something cold washed over us, and if it was under any other circumstances, I would have asked what he had done. “What?” Jailyn all but screamed at Alyssa, who stood frozen in the corner of the room and bleeding from a long gash in her arm. “Have you done?” Even the demon crouching in the center of the room shrank away from her. She turned on him, and he let out a demonic scream. “Get! Out!” she shouted and blasted him from the room. I didn’t think she even realized that her eyes were glowing green as she turned back to Alyssa. Her skin rippled as I watched in shock and amazement. She screamed, as her body contorted in pain. Snarling, she dropped to the floor and curled into herself, hissing. A tendril of shadow shot from her, striking Alyssa and flinging her against the opposite wall. “What?” Jailyn asked, her voice a lot lower and demonic sounding as she flung Alyssa back and forth like a ragdoll. “Have you done?” The fledgling tried to answer. The problem was? She was too busy screaming in pain as Jailyn bounced her off the walls. She let out another shriek, so loud that it burst my eardrums as she slammed Alyssa headfirst into the floor. In the blink of an eye, she was on the fledgling, her… claws breaking the skin as she choked her. Alyssa screamed as Jailyn tore down her mental defenses like tearing away paper. “I should kill you,” she snarled. “I should fucking kill you, you useless child.” Alyssa wrapped her hands around Jailyn’s wrists, but didn’t try to break free, not unless she wanted to be decapitated. “Do you even know what you have done?” Releasing her, Jailyn retracted her claws and backhanded the fledgling across the room so hard that she went through the wall. “You have no idea, do you?” she snarled and mentally yanked Alyssa back into the living room. Grabbing her, she bared her fangs, and in lightning speed, she struck. Alyssa let out a bloodcurdling scream, and no one dared to stop Jailyn as she drained the fledgling of her blood along with her magic. Behind me, Tristan’s entire body was taut, and his arms around me were painful. Glancing over at Casiar and seeing his white eyes, I winced. He was holding Skyler in a death grip I was surprised that she hadn’t made a sound the entire time. Jailyn growled, and I winced as I heard the unmistakable sound of bones being snapped and crushed. Snarling, she jerked back, ripping open Alyssa’s throat even more. “Stupid bitch,” she hissed, some of the rage draining from her. Sighing, she got to her feet, her eyes reverting to their normal black. “Send her to her sire.” A split second later, Alyssa vanished. After a long moment, she walked over to Casiar. Putting a hand on Skyler, he grunted as she knocked him out. When she was sure Skyler wasn’t going to fall over, she released her and came over to us. Her eyes met mine, and she inclined her head thoughtfully.
“I won’t say a word,” I said quietly. After a minute that seemed to stretch on for eternity, she nodded. Then she moved, too fast for me to stop her as she knocked Tristan out. I stumbled and almost fell as she caught Freya and me. With a claw, she opened her wrist and pressed it to Freya’s mouth before she could attack. She fed hungrily, and Jailyn had to punch her in the stomach a few minutes later to get her to stop. Choking and coughing, she released Jailyn’s arm and took a step back, blinking. Jailyn nodded to Casiar and Tristan.
“If you are able, keep them asleep for me.”
“Of course,” Freya said and coughed to clear her throat.
“I can’t fucking believe this,” Jailyn said, cursing under her breath as she strode to the middle of the living room. I went over to Skyler and wrapped my arms around her, resting my chin on top of her head. Are you okay? I asked into her mind. I’m going to have nightmares, she silently squeaked and pulled back, catching a trickle of blood that ran from my ear down the side of my neck.
“I’ll grab some blood,” she said softly and pulled from my arms. She walked into the kitchen, muttering under her breath.
“Skyler,” Jailyn said with a sigh.
Skyler paused, her hand on the refrigerator door. “Yes?”
“Did the demon touch you or Amaris?”
“No, I grabbed Amaris and jumped out the nearest window all the while shrieking in Jesric’s head. Casiar appeared out of nowhere, and I went looking for you.”
Jailyn nodded, gritting her teeth. “That foolish, foolish child,” she growled and paced around the living room. “I am seriously rethinking my intelligence for taking apprentices,” she muttered to herself.
“She is not the only one, is she?” Freya asked.
“To make mistakes? No. To make a mistake of this proportion?” She waved her hand at empty air. “Yes. She did magic,” she growled and stopped pacing as Skyler came out of the kitchen and handed me a couple bags of blood. “Magic she knows full well that could kill her, and she did it without supervision! And without my permission, I might add! Grrrrrrr!” I quickly drained the first bag of blood and started on my second, sipping at it. “If I didn’t adore her baby sister so much, I would have…” She let out a low growl and started back up on her agitated pacing. Groaning, she rubbed at her temples. “Why does the universe hate me so much?” she asked and grumbled.
Freya shrugged. “The universe hates us all it seems.”
“Tell me about it,” I muttered as Jailyn went to Casiar and pulled him into her arms. She eyed him suspiciously.
“Will he wake if you lift the spell?” Freya nodded. “Hmm.” Jailyn stuck a finger into his mouth, and she winced as the scent of fresh blood filled the air. Combined with Alyssa’s blood still lingering heavily in the air, it was… mouthwatering, more so. “Skyler, go home with Tristan and Ari tonight. Stay with them until I sort all this bullshit out.”
Skyler nodded. “Will do,” she said as she eyed me nervously.
“Feed your sire,” Jailyn said softly, gently. “Now these days, she needs more than what human blood can provide.”
Skyler blinked. “What about Tristan?”
“I will feed him,” Freya said and lifted Tristan into her arms. Skyler nodded and pulled the bag from my mouth. I blinked at her.
“You stopped drinking like a minute ago and has been staring at my neck,” she said dryly. “I’m used to Tristan doing that, not you.”
“Um,” I said slowly as she drained the rest of the bag.
“Just don’t make it sexual when you bite me.”
I gaped at her, and then snapped my mouth shut. “Skyler!” I spluttered.
“What?” she asked defensively. “It’s weird when you’re not my girlfriend.” She resisted slightly as I pulled her toward me. Growling, I glared at her. “What would you do if I have a boyfriend?”
I froze. I actually stopped breathing altogether. “Are you telling me,” I said slowly. “That you have a boyfriend?”
“No!” she squawked. “I was just curious. You know, in case I have to keep him far away from you.” She yelped as I cuffed her upside the head. “What?” she exclaimed. Sighing, I nuzzled her neck, inhaling the scent of her sweet blood into my lungs. “If I feel—ow!” she yelled as I sank my fangs into the side of her neck, harder than I’d originally tended to. I held her tight as I drew fast and hard, gulping down the hot blood as if I hadn’t tasted it before. In my arms, Skyler gasped, cursing every swearword under the sun that she could think of.
“That is enough, Ari,” Freya said from beside me, her cold hand on my arm. Silently cursing, I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and licked the wounds closed. Grimacing and rubbing at the bite wound, Skyler straightened and tried to pull away from me, but I didn’t let her.
“You want to explain this boyfriend of yours to your father?” I asked, oh so sweetly.
“No!” Skyler yelled, and then blinked. “Wait, which one? Oh, never mind. No!”
“What’s this?” Tristan asked from behind me. I could practically feel him boring holes into her head.
“I don’t have a boyfriend!” she spluttered, and I allowed her to pull away from me. “Damn it!” she yelled and flashed across the room. “I should have never brought up the subject.”
“But you like someone?” he asked, and I turned to see the dangerous glint in his narrowed eyes. “Who is it?”
“No one! I swear!” Freya, Jailyn, and Casiar were also eyeing her suspiciously.
“Skyler, is there something… that you wish to share with us?” Casiar asked. “To be honest, I like to meet this person.”
“So would I,” Freya said as Jailyn raised her hand, nodding as an evil light entered her eyes. Spluttering and blushing like the midday sun, Skyler glared at us all and quickly exited the living room. “That poor child,” Freya said, laughing.
“She doesn’t like anyone in particular, does she?” I asked, because if she did, I was going to have a word with whoever this person was.
Tristan chuckled as he closed the distance between us and held me close. “She doesn’t,” he reassured me as I rested my head on his shoulder and let out a long sigh.
“Good, or else I’ll have to clean house and redecorate the walls.”
“Mmm,” he said, tightening his hold on me. “I like the sound of that.”
“Well,” Jailyn said with a sigh. “I am going to fix up the damage here. You guys go on. Don’t forget to take Skyler with you.” I mentally reached out and grabbed hold of Skyler, a split second before everything went dark.
As we appeared in the middle of the second floor hallway, I pulled away from Tristan and went to Kira’s room. After a quick knock, I opened the door and peeked inside. Her blonde head popped over the bed, and she eyed me questioningly. “Clue me into something,” I said to her.
“Clue you to what?” she asked and got to her feet before flopping down onto the bed with a harrumph.
“Does Skyler have a boyfriend?”
“Ariella!” Skyler shrieked. Kira’s eyes widened as I laughed. “I fucking hate you!” she yelled and slammed the door with a groan and a curse.
“Stop picking on her,” Tristan said in amusement. “When she is seeing someone, we’ll all know about it.” Kira jumped off the bed, pushing past me with a gleam in her eyes. “Look what you have done.”
“What?” I asked innocently. “I didn’t do anything,” I said and walked down the stairs. Halfway down, I came to an abrupt stop, as a buzzing sounded in my ears. Gripping the railing on either side of me, I breathed deeply, trying not to panic as my vision blurred. What the hell was wrong with me now? I thought and silently groaned as my world seemed to fog over, and everything sounded a million miles away. Light, sound, and colors exploded inside my head. My entire body went numb, and I lost my grip on the railing and went tumbling. White-hot pain exploded in my head, and I think I was screaming as a bloody scene flashed in my mind’s eye. Great, I thought. Just great. This was one of the side effects I did not want to have. What was wrong with me? Instead of possessing the ability to conjure bunny rabbits from thin air, I was having a fucking vision. Just… fuck my life. And kill me.


* * * * * *



Epilogue

ULRIKA

Something hot and sweet poured down my throat, and my eyes flew open as I gasped. “Finally,” a hissing voice whispered from above me. “It’s about time you woke up.” I blinked and looked around my cell, noticing the white haze over the cell door. Glowing red eyes peered down at me, and I glared up at the Kreeto.
“Why have you awakened me?”
He put a black claw to his black tongue and scratched at it. “You want to get free, don’t you?” he asked and handed me an opened bag of blood. Except for the glowing red eyes, all of him was black, blending in with his surroundings. “If you want to leave, you better do it now.”
“And how do you expect I escape this cell. My children are not stupid.”
“Oh, I agree that your children are not stupid, but given that the necromancer, who keeps this entire area spelled so none may travel the abyss, is too busy with other things, she may have forgotten to recast it. Therefore, I was able to unravel it enough for only me to pass through.”
“And how did you get here? Did someone summon you?”
The Kreeto shook his head. “You have been asleep for far too long.”
I scowled at him. “Meaning what?”
“The gate to hell was opened, and before it was sealed, many of us came through.”
I gave a small smile, shaking my head. “I see.”
“And as of now, another smaller gate has been opened.” He again held the blood bag out to me. I slowly moved into a sitting position and took it from him, draining it. “I’ll jump us to the abyss, into hell…” He paused, glancing at the door. “Walk a few feet, jump back into the abyss, and when you arrive back here, you’ll be outside your cell.”
“That is a risk,” I said and crumbled up the plastic bag into a ball before dropping it.
“I’m good at what I do.”
“You still have not answered my question. Why have you awakened me?”
“I will tell you that once you are freed.” I sighed and rose painfully to my feet. The demon rose to his full height and held out a hand to me. “Shall we?”
“If you are lying to me,” I warned. “I will tear out your heart and burn it while you watch.”
The Kreeto smirked. “There will be no need for that,” he growled. “Now, come along before I change my mind.” Growling inwardly, I took hold of his hand, and everything went dark.
It was a whirlwind of nothing but darkness. I had a glimpse of reddish-yellow sky before I was sucked back into darkness. This time, when it lifted, I was standing just outside my cell door, and the demon was nowhere in sight. I let out a hiss, wincing as the alarm blared, deafening me.  Looking both ways up and down the cellblock, I flashed to the heavy, reinforced steel doors and slammed into them as they opened. Snarls reached my ears as I plowed through the guards, snapping their necks as I went. When I was done, six unconscious vampires were sprawled out on the floor. Growling, I flashed up multiple flights of stairs, ignoring the cries of alarm from the others. I snapped the necks of those who came after me, tossing them over the railing in my escape. If most of them weren’t directly sired by one of my lovely children, I would have created a bloodbath. None the less, I had to make my escape before someone got a hold of someone who could teleport. Making my way to the roof, I came to an abrupt stop at the door that led onto the roof itself. Cursing at the blaring alarm, I pushed it opened and stepped out as dawn broke over the horizon. I stared up at the sky, inwardly sighing as the cold air whipped against my cheeks. Mentally shaking myself back to reality, I quickly glanced around myself. Seeing no one nearby, I quickly slipped into a random vampire’s mind. Do me a favor, sweetheart, I whispered in her mind. Start a riot. If you don’t, I will kill everyone here. I pulled out, waiting as I slipped into the thickest shadow I could find. Screams and snarls met my ears a moment later, and I smiled as the forest shook, and fresh blood scented the air. Glancing up one last time, I took in a deep breath and launched myself into the sky. “You!” a female vampire yelled, both out loud and into my mind. “Will wish for death! Your days are numbered! Count on it!” Hovering in midair, I glanced around; toward the direction the voice came from and waved to her.
“That day will not be today,” I said to myself as I rose higher into the sky, vanishing into the clouds as it began to rain.


* * * * * *



Author’s Notes

Many wanted to know more about Jailyn Mortis Tronis and who she is. In part II of this book, you’ll get some glimpse into her past. I hope her story answers some questions that you might have. As an author, even I have questions, but sometimes, my characters love to keep their silence. Jailyn’s story picks up two weeks after the escape of Ulrika, and if I have to say so myself, a furious Jailyn would stop at nothing to get her hands on what she wants. Again, much to my frustration, some of the scenes didn’t make it.


* * * * * *



Part II

Jailyn

“Lifting the curtain of illusion to let the truths of my soul shine through.”

— Trudy Symeonakis Vesotsky


* * * * * *



Prologue

A being, as old as time itself, lurks beneath the bowels of earth, waiting. No one knew what this being was, or what it looked like, or if it even existed. Some believed it to be a lost spirit roaming the empty void that was its prison. Some believed it to be a messenger of the Gods, cast down to do their bidding. Some believed it to be the devil himself. Whatever these beliefs may be, in 8466 B.C, this unknown entity reached through the depths of the void and latched onto a life form, like cold fingers seeking sustenance. It pulled this form into the void, and there, the entity smiled to itself. It had brought a weak human to its side, and wasting no time, the being slammed into the fragile surface that was the mind. A scream echoed throughout the void, a scream that went unheard, as a malevolent laugh rang in the mind of a naked, male human. This human jerked and writhed, as power surged throughout his entire body. After a long moment, the screams of the human finally died off, as he slipped into unconsciousness.
When he next woke, he found himself staring into nothing but inky blackness. Cold, shivering and drenched in sweat, the human groaned as he slowly sat up. “Where am I?” he asked nothing but empty air, not knowing the being hovered over his head, gleefully enjoying what it had turned the human into. The human jumped as an evil raspy laugh sounded off to his left. An image formed in his mind—an image of a naked young woman lying in a pool of her own blood—her throat slashed open. The human shook his head, trying to clear the image from his mind. It was no use, as the images continue to come to him. One after another, repeating themselves until they were imprinted in his brain. Several symbols and letters flashed in his mind’s eye, and he was compelled to say them out loud. Again, the evil laugh came, this time the laugh was in his head. He heard a man’s cry, a woman’s scream, and was that a whimper of a baby he heard? Whatever this was, he wanted no part in it. Sadly, he knew that it was not to be. Nothing ever was.
Suddenly the darkness lifted, and he found himself in an empty cavern of some kind. In front of him were two female humans, one male, and a baby girl crying her eyes out. A knife made of flint appeared in his hand—carved on the hilt were some kind of symbols he couldn’t make out. The image showed him freeing something or someone from the darkness he was just in—something evil—something that shouldn’t be on earth. Forced to his feet by some unseen force, he was forced over to the naked young woman, shivering on the cavern floor. She tried to speak, but no words would escape her lips as she tried her best to cover herself. Her blue eyes pleaded with him, but he stepped closer to her, crouching before her. He didn’t know what words in his head were supposed to do, but the words came out of his mouth, unbidden—like a chant. A chant that went on, and on, and on, until he no longer knew how much time had passed. Then his arm—the one holding the knife was raised by some unseen force, over the female’s pale throat. He tried to stop himself. He told himself not to do this. He told himself that this was wrong, but he couldn’t stop himself as the words continued to spill from his lips. His hand came down on the young female’s neck, slicing her throat open. She gurgled as blood poured from her gaping wound, unrelenting. Horrified, he dropped the knife and scooted away from the dying woman as an evil laugh rang out in his mind. A laugh that continued until it was cut off abruptly as he watched in horror, the gaping wound in the young woman’s neck slowly closing before his very eyes. The naked young woman opened her eyes, and they were no longer blue, no longer filled with fear. They were confused and as black as night. She slowly sat up and looked around. As her gaze landed on the pool of her own blood, she froze, stiffening. “What has happened?” she asked, her voice shaking. The male human, responsible for the sacrifice, let out a scream as he clutched his head. The other male human also let out a scream that turned into a roar as he doubled over, his bones cracking and snapping. The cavern was filled with screams and shrieks of pain as the devil or entity let its fury be known to all. The male human with his bones snapping, suddenly let out a howl as his body changed from that of a human into a beast. The young naked woman let out a hiss, revealing long, deadly sharp fangs. The other female human was tossed into the air and slammed against the cavern wall, crumpling into an unconscious heap to the floor. The only human other than the still crying baby gasped for air, unable to comprehend what he had just done. Instead of freeing this entity, the human unknowingly bound the entity more tightly to its prison of nothing. Unable to pass out from the horrors in front of him, he could do nothing but watch as the baby’s skin began to split open—blood flying into the air as if it couldn’t leave the small body fast enough. As the human continued to watch, the skin was peeled from the infant—like peeling apart two wet leaves stuck together. Not a second sooner, the baby was nothing more than a bloody skeleton and very much dead. “What have you done to me?” the pale female asked, her fangs flashing as she spoke. “What have you done to my family?”
“I do not know,” the male human choked out as the pain continued to pound in his head. “This was not to be.” The woman launched herself at him, but something prevented her getting close. Instead of reaching him, she crashed into an invisible force. More words flashed in his mind’s eye, and he cringed away from them. Something dropped in front of him, and unable to stop himself, he picked it up and stared at the bloody object in his hand. The object was a small bound parchment, held together by—if his inclination was right—human skin, and the parchment itself was perhaps human skin as well. Another image flashed in his mind—the image of someone opening the object in his hand and a blinding red light coming from it and enveloping the person in its glow. The thing he held in his hand was wrong. He knew that much without having to know that whoever opened this would have even more power than he possessed. He had to destroy it before it was found, but deep within himself, he knew he wouldn’t be able to do so, no matter how much his conscious demanded it of him. He looked up from the object as a sound came from the now very pale woman with fangs. She looked at him and smiled an evil smile.
“Because of your failure,” she hissed. “I am the creator of all blood drinkers—man, woman, child, and beast alike. They will have the abilities of strength, speed, and much, much more. They will crave the blood of the living, for without it, they are nothing but mindless beasts that will destroy anything and anyone standing in their path. They will be able to eat and drink man-made sustenance, but no energy will be gain from such. They will blend well with mankind, but look upon the eyes, and the true nature shall be revealed. The first man I bite and drain, sharing my blood with, will become as I am. He will bite and turn the first female he ties himself too and together, they will create a powerful bloodline of ten—more powerful than themselves. This bloodline will continue the blood drinker’s race. Their strength, speed, acute senses will be even greater. They are more beast than man, their craving for the blood of the living will be insatiable, and they will find the blood of their own appealing. The first blood drinker created by two blood drinkers will have the hardest time controlling his or her urges. He or she will be cursed to fight the beast within himself or herself every waking moment of his or her existence. The children directly created by the first ten will most likely acquire the beast, but further down the line, the beast will become easier to control. They will feel every death of their own—the further down the line, the less painful it will be. As they continue to exist, they will grow in power. If the first blood drinker created by two blood drinkers is to be killed, the entire race shall parish alongside him or her. In the process of creation, the child will acquire some of his or her creator’s personality. The child will not know which side of his or her creator’s he or she has acquired until it is forced to be shown. Because of you, the balance has shifted and must be balanced once again.” The human couldn’t make a sound, as the blood drinker before him stop speaking and fell unconscious. He was held immobile, unable to do anything as the beast in the cavern with him changed back into a naked man. The beast man slowly straightened and turned to face him—his pale blue eyes piercing him.
“I am the creator of all beasts—man, woman, and child alike. They are not bound by the full moon, nor are they bound to one animal. They can shift at will. They will have speed, strength, and more. They will have the urge to shift when strong emotions are in play. On principal, beast and the blood drinkers are not partial to one another. The next generation will also be beasts. They are stronger as a pack than a lone one. Though the cycle of the moon does not affect the shifting, the strongest urge to shift will be on the full moon.” When he was done, he too fell unconscious. There was a sharp intake of air from the other female in the cavern as she opened her eyes. Groaning, she sat up slowly and turned to look at the immobile male human across from her. He let out a shudder as her bright green eyes met his. He didn’t want to know what she would say, but like the other two that went before her—he couldn’t get himself to pass out or to at least cover his ears. Trembling, she glared at him.
“I am the creator of all manipulators of matter—to all whom wishes to practice. The first child I bare shall continue the line. They will be the wielder of water, fire, ice, wind, earth, blood, and mind to name a few. Though they will be able to manipulate all, they will be able to only master one. At the age eighteen, their powers will likely be awakened. If not, traumatic situations will trigger the full awakening, or if they are something more than what they are.” She again glared at the human across from her. “You, with sway over the undead, manipulation of blood and shadows, you are the creator of all whom wish to practice in death.” With an evil smile, she once again slipped into unconsciousness. As the cavern blurred around him, and as his vision dimmed to pinpricks, more words flashed in his mind’s eye. Afraid by what he had just done, he hid the bound parchment and locked his powers away, never to be used again. As he went on with his life, caring for his family—he unknowingly passes down his ability to his three daughters and one son. The bound parchment he hid away will also be recovered… years later.


* * * * * *



Chapter One

“Are you fucking kidding me?” I yelled. “Fuck!”
“You have been saying fuck for the past hour now,” Casiar said and leaned against the window.
“What do you expect me to say?” I snapped. “She is so stupid! You try teaching her and see how you do.”
He made a choking sound and shook his head with a horrified look. “I think I’ll leave that to you.”
I harrumphed and stalked from Skyler’s living room. “It has been two weeks. What the hell are they waiting for? Doomsday?”
“They are afraid of you.” I snorted, and then came to an abrupt stop as Freya appeared in front of me, carrying the wintry scent that was her magic.
“I see that you are still annoyed,” the witch said and held up a small snow globe. Instead of fake snow in it, however, it contained what looked a lot like blood to me.
“Is that blood?” Casiar asked from behind me.
“No,” Freya said dryly. “If you must know, it is punch.” He put out a hand for it, but she held it out of his reach. “Oh, I think not.”
He sighed. “You are no fun.”
“Do you want to die?” she asked in amusement, turning the globe around and around in her hands before grabbing my own and reluctantly placing it onto my palm. I closed my hand around the sphere and peered closer at it. It was surprisingly warm to the touch, and I glanced curiously at Freya. Sometimes, I envied what she could do. Freya shoved her hands into her pockets and walked into the living room, stopping in the middle of it. Though she could not see the rippling, beach ball sized hole pulsing purplish red in the air, she could definitely feel it. “Whatever you do,” she said, glaring—to everyone else not attune to necromancy—at empty air. “Do not break it.” I nodded and walked over to the window, peering out as I stroked a finger over the smooth glass.
“How is your sire?”
“He is well.” Yeah, Tristan’s brain kind of imploded when Ari had a vision not long ago. It… wasn’t a pretty sight. “Though, I believe it may have worsened his condition the witches had wrought upon him.”
I inwardly winced. “What do you mean by that?”
“He suffers from headaches and nosebleeds. However, they are more severe and frequent.”
“I bet he just loves that.”
“Oh, I assure you,” she said sarcastically. “He loves it very much. So much so, that he writhes and moans in agony each night due to migraines and bleeding profusely from his eyes, nose and ears for the past weeks.”
I inwardly shuddered, turning to face her. “And Ari?”
Freya smirked. “She is doing all right. But I believe that is not what you meant.” I shook my head. “She does not leave his side when he is…” She paused, scowling.
“Not at his best?” Casiar suggested.
She shrugged. “Not at his best. She eyes everyone suspiciously and growls when we get too near. I do not blame her one bit,” she muttered.
“Nor do I,” I said and grimaced. “I am going to do something stupid. Pray Tristan is fine for the moment.” A split second before I teleported away, Casiar and Freya flashed to me and grabbed hold of my arm.
The moment we appeared in Tristan’s residential office, we sprang apart, ducking and dodging as Ari came at us hard. Tristan, who was sitting at his desk staring at the computer, let out a sigh. He vanished into thin air, only to appear behind Ari and put his hands on her shoulders. Finally seeing who had just arrived, she blinked and relaxed. “Sorry,” she said and shrugged. “Doesn’t hurt to be just a little too paranoid now these days.” She turned and frowned at Tristan. “Go sit before you fall again.” He scowled. “You don’t know when it’s going to hit, and I rather have you be sitting than standing,” she said and pulled him to the couch and pushed him down onto it. I followed them over and sat on the arm of the couch, the globe still in my hand as I watched them both intently. Carefully setting the globe down on a side table, I held out my hand to Ari. Grimacing, she reached out, resting her cold hand in mine and allowing me to pull her close.
“Nothing personal, love,” I said and nuzzled her throat, inhaling deeply. She stiffened and muttered under her breath as I continued to inhale her scent into my lungs. I gave Tristan a questioning look, and knowing what I was asking without me asking it, he gave the barest shake of his head. Nodding, I pulled back as Freya moved to check on him. Before she could lay a hand on him, his nose began to bleed.
“Damn it,” Ari growled and was at his side in a heartbeat. Casiar, who was standing by the door, hit the light switch and plunged the office into darkness as Tristan began to groan. “Do something,” Ari said, looking to Freya, who froze and was now staring hungrily at Tristan’s blood. Casiar flashed over to us, stopping behind Freya and putting a restraining hand on her upper arm. She stiffened, tearing her gaze from Tristan and clearing her throat. Ari scowled at her, muttering something under her breath. She poked Freya in the side hard. “Do something?”
“Of course,” the witch muttered, wincing as she pulled away from Casiar and exited the office. Ari frowned. “Where she going?” Cursing and groaning, Tristan grabbed a hold of her wrist, tugging her down beside him.
“Okay,” Casiar said slowly. “You’re not going to kiss and everything, are you?”
“Hey!” Ari yelled, and I smirked, and then winced as what felt like barb wires dug into my neck. Casiar cursed as he was thrown up into the air and slammed into the opposite wall.
“Enough,” Freya said from the opened doorway, looking not amused one bit.
“Just one more?” Ari asked hopefully, and I grunted as the mental barbs dug deeper into my neck.
“That is enough,” Freya said with a sigh, and I silently groaned in relief as the painful, mental hold vanished. Tristan muttered something I couldn’t make out, but apparently Casiar could, because a split second later and still cursing, he grabbed Tristan around the throat and put his head through the wall behind him. This… infuriated Ari, but before she could go for Casiar, I let out a grunt as magic sizzled along my skin. “I said that is enough,” Freya growled, and Tristan and I cursed as she snapped both Ari and Casiar’s neck.
“Freya!” Tristan snarled.
“Forgive me. They will recover.” Growling, Tristan sat up straighter and glared at her as blood continued to drip onto his hands.
“Don’t,” I said and scowled at her. “Do that again, unless it’s for their own safety.”
She sighed and gestured vaguely around her. “Fine, let them kill each other.” Shaking my head, I got to my feet and walked over to Casiar. I crouched and moved him into a sitting position, biting into my wrist and pressing it to his mouth. Mentally reaching out, I forced him to feed while Freya did the same for Ari.
“Remind me not to annoy you again,” Ari muttered a few seconds later as Casiar took one last pull of my blood before pulling back to glare at Freya.
“I will be sure to do that,” the witch replied and muttered a spell as Tristan sucked in a sharp breath. She put a hand on his chest, pushing him back. “Relax.” He just stared at her, growling, as if she was insane. “The pain should ease, but you must relax.” Ari rested a hand on his arm and began to stroke it in a soothing manner. Unable to resist her, he slowly relaxed, even as blood continued to stream from his nose. Casiar winced, getting to his feet and pulling me up with him. A moment later, Tristan’s nosebleed turned into a trickle, before stopping altogether. Growling in utter annoyance, he pushed from the couch and headed out the door, down the hall, and toward the bathroom. Casiar let out a sigh, giving me a light squeeze on my arm before following after Tristan.
“Guy time?” Ari drawled and arched an eyebrow.
“It seems so,” Freya said as I walked to the side table and picked up the snow globe. I held it up to Freya and tapped the glass surface.
“Should I even ask?”
Ari smirked. “Probably not.”
I let out a groan and tossed the globe into the air and caught it. “So,” I said, trying not to laugh at the horrified look Freya was giving me. “How does this work?”
“Jailyn,” Ari said in amusement. “If you break her magical artifacts, I have a feeling she won’t make another one.”
I smirked, shaking my head at a scowling Freya. “Okay, I won’t do it again,” I said and raised the globe. Freya groaned, snatching it from my hand.
“Never again,” the witch muttered.
I chuckled. “So, are you going to answer?”
She glanced at the globe she was holding, before handing it back to me. “When she is near, it will heat up.”
“Ah,” I said as Tristan and Casiar rejoined us.
“Tracking device,” said Casiar. “Why not a blood trace potion?”
“Because,” Freya said slowly. “A potion will not last long in your system. This, however, can last for quite a long time, if you do not break it.” She glared at me. “Take care and try not to do such a thing, I beg of you.”
I nodded, smirking. “I did not think I would see the day where you beg for something of me. The world is surely turning on its axis.”
Pointing at the globe in my hand, she scowled. “FROSS-SAL-LEHVIN-TES. FROSS-SAL-LEHVIN-TES.” As she continued to mutter the spell, the globe in my hand turned scorching hot and glowed cerulean blue for a few seconds before fading. “The moment she is in your sight, it will shatter so be ready to grab her. The blood will clue her into the fact that something is quite not right.” She reluctantly grabbed the blood bag that Casiar was holding out to her and bit into it with a grimace.
I scowled at the cooling globe. “How hot will this get?”
She quickly drained the bag and shrugged. “Hot enough that when you remove your hand from it, it will look like you got the worst case of the sunburn.”
“Wonderful,” I drawled and carefully put it in my pocket.
“Do not forget where you have shoved that thing,” she warned. “Ari is right, if you break it, I will not make you another one.”
“Spoil sport,” I muttered and walked from the office. Of course, they all followed me, as I made my way to the living room.
“So,” Ari said slowly. “Can I jump into the abyss?”
“That,” I replied with a heavy sigh. “Is a good question.” Jordana, who was sitting at her easel, looked up and blinked at us. The young vampire, known for her odd eating habits and stabbing both children and adults alike with a paintbrush, seemed unusually sane, more focused. To be honest, I was a little nervous. She pointed to Tristan with the paintbrush she was holding and grinned evilly.
“You had another nosebleed,” she sang, and then went back to her painting. “Jailyn.” I tensed up a little at the sound of her calling my name. “Do you prefer to burn to death? Or freeze to death?”
“Um…” I said slowly. “I prefer neither.” She muttered something I couldn’t make out and scowled at whatever she was painting. I placed my hands on her shoulders and squeezed lightly. “Did you feed today?”
“Yes,” she mumbled. I nodded, not missing the fact that Ari was glancing my way every five seconds. Giving Jordana’s shoulders another squeeze, I stepped back and teleported.
To say that I was highly annoyed? Was putting it mildly. I wanted to drive one of my many knives into a certain fledgling’s skull, like the one I just appeared behind for instance. “Alyssa,” I said, drawing out her name longer than it was necessary. “Should I even bother to ask?” I drawled, as she let out a yelp of surprise and slowly turned to face me. “It’s in your best interest, child, to give me good news. When it comes to you, girl, disaster always follows.”
“Trent doesn’t want me to practice,” the fledgling said, gulping.
I smirked. “He said that, did he?” She nodded. I reached out, cupping her chin and tilting her head back until she was looking me in the eye. “You remember, don’t you?” I asked softly and allowed my eyes to flash green. Her own eyes widened as her heart sped up even more, until it was pounding in my ears. “Good, you do remember.” I dropped my hand from her and looked around her kitchen. “I agree with your sire,” I said conversationally. “But it looks like you’ll have to disobey him this once.” I glared at her. “You don’t seem to have it in you to learn necromancy, but…” I again reached out to cup her chin. “I wonder. Can you keep a secret?”
She nodded. “I can,” she said quietly.
“Can you?” I asked, just as quiet. She again nodded. “Can you really?” I asked, and her expression went blank as my compulsion washed over her. “Answer truthfully.”
“Yes,” she said tonelessly.
“Yes, what?” I whispered.
“Yes, I can keep a secret.”
“That’s a good girl,” I said, releasing her. “Because if you breathe a word to anyone, what you went through a couple of weeks ago will be nothing compare to when I find out that you let a little something… slip. When the urge strikes, just remember that you have an entire family who’s human.” Alyssa let out a gasp, backing away from me and shaking her head. “You may be descended from a witch bloodline, but remember, dear girl, without magic, they’re still human.” With that, I turned and headed for the front door. Opening it, I stepped out and turned back to her. “One more thing, you are the one who created a rift between planes, you will be the one who closes it. Come to the Night Life Bar tomorrow at sunset, and do not even think of bailing out on me. There will be nowhere on earth, the abyss, hell, or up an angel’s ass you can hide. You won’t like the outcome that will follow. Do you understand me?” At her nod, I pulled her front door shut and walked down the driveway.
“You have my undivided attention, Ari,” I said to the empty night air. “For a spy, you are terrible at what you do.”
“I didn’t realize I was doing such a thing,” Ari said from behind me.
“Is Tristan nearby?”
“He is not. I came alone.”
“Is there something on your mind?”
She sighed in annoyance. “I hate being so obvious.”
I smirked. “Then stop being so obvious,” I said and led her down a side-street.
“The vision I had a couple of weeks ago, of Ulrika escaping… that wasn’t the only one.”
I stopped walking and slowly turned to her. “Tristan does not know of this other vision, does he?” She hesitated, before reluctantly shaking her head. “Show me.” She again hesitated, and then the world around me disappeared. Screams filled my ears as blood filled my vision, and just like that, the past that Sathia had showed me, so many centuries ago, came roaring back to life.
“Jailyn?” I squeezed my eyes shut and snapped them open as reality slammed back into me. “I didn’t see much. If you don’t want to tell me about it, I’ll understand. This vision I just showed you came to me in bits and pieces.”
I hesitated, and then sighed. If she was anyone else, I would have wiped it from her mind. “What you saw,” I said slowly. “Was a vision my Ahzeeki once revealed to me.”
Ari blinked. “Why?”
“Because,” I said dryly, putting my hand on her arm and teleporting to my residential home. “That vision took place more than ten thousand years ago, when I was born.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

{8102 B.C}

SATHIA

“It is time.” Dezmordai uncurled himself from the floor and rose to his feet with a grunt. “The abyss trembles with the awaited birth. Shall we greet the new arrival?
“We shall,” I said and jumped into the abyss. Dezmordai appeared in a crouch beside me, and we both glanced around.
“Have they done it?” he asked. I opened the veil that separated the abyss from the other realms and looked through it. On the other side was earth, and at the moment, it showed several people gathered around a very pregnant female with golden-blonde hair, baby-blue eyes clouded over with pain, and skin the color of cream. Clutching the hand of a male by her side, she squeezed as she let out a scream. Another female hovered over her, speaking soothingly as she instructed the other one to give it a final push. A few seconds later, the sound of a squalling baby girl filled my ears. She was passed off to another female in the small group, and outside the opening mouth of the cave, two blood drinkers suddenly stirred to attention. “They better not—grab the babe!” Dezmordai snarled. Reaching out, I mentally pushed through the veil and wrapped the infant in darkness. Fully enveloped, I pulled her through to the abyss just as the screams began. “Idiots,” Dezmordai hissed as I cradled the baby in my arms.
“I cannot say that I fully trust them to go through with it,” I drawled. “After all, who can deny the sweet temptation that is fresh blood?” I nodded to the slaughter taking place on the other side. “From the looks of it, they certainly cannot.” I glanced down at the babe in my arms. “And look at you,” I said and stared deeply into her crystalline blue eyes. “You must be very special to garner the attention of a Fruska.” Dezmordai harrumphed and held out a tube to me—held shut on both sides with a tiny silver clamp.
“That shall start the process, but she will need more.” Grunting, I took it from him and vanished into the purple depths of the abyss. Looking over my shoulder, I watched as the two blood drinkers slaughtered every last member of the Mortis’s line. Well, every last one of them, except for one. If I had known how much they despised them, I would have chosen someone else for the task, but it was too little, too late. Dezmordai stood before the veil, also watching as blood, body parts, entrails and severed heads went flying through the air. In my arms, the baby continued to wail.

{Present Day}

“You were so adorable,” Ari said, and then laughed as I scowled at her. Her expression turned serious, her eyes narrowing on me. “Ulrika and Soren were responsible for wiping out your entire line?”
“Yes,” I said and sighed. “You just confirmed what Sathia showed me four thousand years ago.”
“What was in that tube?”
“Demon blood.”
She winced and sat on the edge of the nightstand. “I didn’t think humans could survive having demon blood in them.”
“Oh,” Casiar said dryly from the doorway of our bedroom. “She wouldn’t have survived at all if it wasn’t for Sathia casting a spell to put her into a cryonic suspension.”
Ari frowned at him. “How long were you standing there?”
“He was here the entire time,” I said and smirked as she scowled. Casiar stepped into the room, closing the door behind him.
Ari muttered something about… something and shrugged. “When will one of you tell me about the Tronis Bloodline?”
I put up both hands and dropped onto the bed. “Don’t look at me,” I said and smirked as a very annoyed Tristan appeared in the middle of the room. He gave Casiar a glare and leaned against the wall. The bed dipped as Casiar sat down beside me.
“What is this?” Tristan growled. “I hate it when I’m interrupted in the middle of a hunt.”
Casiar arched an eyebrow. “From your surly mood, I take it you were not successful.” In response, Tristan bared his fangs, still growling.
I gestured between the two of them. “Stop,” I said in annoyance. “We’re having story-telling time.”
“Is that so?” Tristan asked. “What, pray tell, exactly are we revealing to one another?”
“You,” I said and frowned at him. “Can tell us how you became a vampire.” Casiar winced as Tristan’s eyes got a faraway look to them. Ari went over to his side and wrapped her arms around him, nuzzling his neck. Tristan blinked, glancing at her as she pulled back.
“I hate it when you get like that,” she whispered. He let out a sigh, placing a hand on her shoulder. “You’re not going to fly off the handle, are you?”
“When do I ever?”
She gaped at him. “Hello? Who am I talking to?”
“I think that is our signal to leave,” Casiar whispered in my ear.
I snorted. “I’m not leaving them alone, especially when they’re in our room.” A thoughtful expression came over him, and I scowled. “What are you—?" I had whiplash as he pulled me onto his lap and kissed me, his cool hand around the back of my neck as his tongue stroked and danced with mine.
“Ah,” Ari spluttered as I deepened the kiss. “If you wanted us out, you could’ve just said something.” I tried to pull back, but Casiar growled and tightened his hold on me. I could feel Tristan directly behind me, and I let out a yelp as the static-like sensation shot through my entire body as he put his hands on my shoulders. Casiar broke the kiss and scowled at Tristan as I shuddered. It was a wonder that humans and fledglings alike didn’t die just by being in the presence of one of the oldest vampires alone. Casiar groaned, as I shifted slightly to look back at Tristan. I suppress a groan of my own as his hard-on pressed into my core. The only thing stopping him from penetrating was the clothes we, sadly, still had on.
“Damn,” Casiar said and groaned as Tristan dropped his hands from me.
“What?” Ari and I asked in unison.
“Freya will not be pleased,” Casiar muttered, and then cursed as I turned fully around in his lap to face Tristan.
“What?” Ari repeated, coming to stand beside him. “What’s this about Freya?”
Casiar wrapped his arms around me and chuckled. “Rory.”
“Rory?” she spluttered. “The spy, Rory?”
“The one in the same.”
She blinked. “He’s not transferring here, is he?”
Tristan gave her a questioning look. “Is there something that you wish to inform me of?” he asked her dryly.
“No,” she said, still spluttering. “Isn’t he her mate?” Her eyes widened, and she put a hand on Tristan’s arm, squeezing it as a low growl escaped him.
“Oh, dear,” Casiar muttered and nuzzled my hair.
I stared at Ari, my eyes narrowing on her. “Did he hurt her?” I asked as his arms tightened around me, as if he was afraid I was going to attack Ari while Tristan was standing right in front of us. I wasn’t that suicidal.
“No?” Ari said, and people across the world could tell that she wasn’t sure.
“You don’t sound so sure about that,” I said, pointing out the obvious.
She shrugged. “Since there’s talk about a spy coming to town, there has been gossip.”
“Oh?” Casiar said, intrigued. “Such as?”
“Such as, she doesn’t want to officially mate with him, because she doesn’t want him to…” She shrugged. Both Tristan and Casiar winced. “Speaking of,” Ari continued, and I smirked as Tristan took a step away from her. “Why don’t I have your full strength?” she asked accusingly. I slipped off Casiar’s lap and smirked. Tristan glanced to him for help, and then sighed when Casiar just gave him an amused look. “Well?” Ari drawled, trying not to smile at his discomfort. Tristan let out a heavy sigh and scowled at the floor. I knew the answer, but it wasn’t my place to explain it to Ari.
“Come now, brother,” Casiar drawled. “Are you going to answer?” he asked and smirked. Tristan growled, and Casiar held up his hands, shaking his head. “Just trying to be encouraging is all.”
“Encouraging my ass,” Tristan muttered and blew out a breath. “I didn’t give you my full strength, because if I do, you get my sweet, sweet insatiable hunger as well.”
“Oh,” Ari said, blinking. “Oh.” Then she threw up her hands in exasperation. “What difference would that make?”
“Oh, it makes quite a difference,” Casiar said dryly.
She scowled. “I don’t see Jailyn going around biting people. Or you for that matter.”
“I gorge on bunnies while he eats rogues,” I said, and then chuckled at the horrified look on her face. I rose to my feet and put my arms around her as Casiar shook his head and rub his temples.
“I don’t really eat bunnies,” I whispered. “You just don’t go out on hunts with me.”
“You have a point,” she said and pulled away from me. “And I know you drink bagged blood.”
“That doesn’t mean I don’t eat bunnies.”
“Jailyn!” she exclaimed, and then sighed, shaking her head. “And someone is here,” she muttered as I walked to the door and opened it.
“It’s our wayward children,” I said cheerfully and a little loudly, because Violet and Cazaron were yelling insults at each other.
“Children!” Casiar yelled. “What is the meaning of all this?” he asked as I stepped aside for him to pass. He glanced at Tristan, giving him a meaningful look. Ari laughed, putting a hand on Tristan’s arm and dragging him to the door. Smirking, I led them from the room and out into the living room.
“She stabbed me,” Cazaron growled.
“He tried to rip out my spine,” Violet spluttered, and Cazaron ducked as she threw a ball of shadow at him.
“Enough,” Casiar growled and glared at them both. “How old are you two?” he asked and arched an eyebrow, waiting. Violet let out a sigh. “Do I need to call Jesric back here so he can play babysitter?”
Cazaron held up his hands, shaking his head. “No, there’s no need for that.”
“Somehow,” Casiar drawled. “I am not so certain.”
“And,” I added. “If I pull him away from tracking Justine, he will not be happy.”
“Don’t,” Violet said and yelped, as if the idea alone pained her greatly.
“Well,” I said and smirked. “Keep that in mind when you and Cazaron go at each other like a couple of five-year-olds.”
“Speaking of tracking,” said Ari. “Where the fuck is Ulrika? I’m surprised she knocked the guards unconscious instead of killing them.” She gave Tristan an apologetic look. “Sorry that particular vision came too late to stop her.”
Tristan sighed. “You had no control over what you see,” he reassured her and pulled her close when she gave him a scowl. “And she did not kill them, because she knows that we can feel their deaths.”
“You mean you, your brothers and sisters?” she asked dryly.
“Yes,” he said with a sigh. “And yes, even though the pain of their deaths would incapacitate us, she is not stupid.”
“Yes,” I said flatly. “Sadly, she is not.”
“Fuck,” Ari hissed, and then her eyes widened. “Wait,” she spluttered. “Does this mean she can control you guys? Through the sire bond? Oh my god!” she exclaimed and went into a full freak-out mode. I smacked myself upside the head, because to be honest, I hadn’t even thought of that. Ari was right to panic. Shit, this was bad, more so than I had originally thought.
“Ari!” Violet and Cazaron yelled in unison.
“Damn it you,” Violet said and groaned. “You got us freaking the fuck out now. Thanks a lot.”
Ari wrenched herself away from Tristan and sent both Cazaron and Violet flying across the room. “You’re lucky I did!” she yelled. Before they could crash into the wall and go through it, they righted themselves midair and landed silently in a crouch before straightening. “I fucking hate you all!” Tristan and Casiar glanced at each other, and then they both cursed just as a pissed-off Elijah appeared in the middle of the room with a snarling Brynna.
“Elijah,” I said in false cheerfulness. “How nice of you to join us.” Then the room exploded as what felt like a sledgehammer smacked me upside the head, propelling me through the air. I let out a pained grunt as my back slammed into the wall, and I went through it like it was made out of paper instead of plaster. Groaning, I cursed as I fell to the floor below. It was a good thing that none of the apprentices were here; otherwise I would have given them a show… an embarrassing one at that. Casiar, who also broke through the wall like I had just done, got the good sense to right himself midair instead of plummeting headfirst into the desks. “Ow,” I said, cursing as I banged my head into another desk, sending it and several more over as I landed in an undignified sprawl. Above me, I could hear a fierce fight going on between Brynna and her sire.
“You don’t have anything valuable up there, do you?” Casiar asked as he pulled me to my feet and wrapped his arms around me. Wiping the blood from the side of my head, I shrugged.
“Nothing that I can’t replace easily.” I leaned my head back and glanced up at the gigantic hole. Ari stood there, looking down at us with a scowl. “What did I do?” I asked defensively, and I scowled as I saw a flicker of green in her pitched black eyes. It was there and gone, so quick that if I hadn’t seen it before, I would’ve thought I was just imagining it. Ari let out a sigh, jumping through the hole to land beside us just as a lamp came crashing down after her. I winced as Brynna let out a bloodcurdling scream. Ari and I stared at each other, wondering what the hell just happened.
“Let’s uh… head to my summoning chamber until this blows over,” I said and pulled away from Casiar. “Because I, myself, don’t want to get in the middle of this battle.” I went around the smashed desks, over turned cups of pens and pencils, and notebooks, leading them across the room to the closed and locked heavy steel door. “Open up, Zavar,” I called out to the demon standing on the other side. Do I allow the pretty redhead through? Zavar silently hissed into my mind. I pounded on the door. “Zavar,” I warned. “If she is with me, she is allowed passage. Now open this damn door before my ears start bleeding, and if that happens, I’m sending your scrawny ass back to hell where you belong!” A second later, there was a soft click, and the door silently swung open to total complete darkness just beyond.
“Why do you hate me, Jailyn,” a low raspy voice hissed.
I sighed and stepped through the doorway, pulling a reluctant Ari after me. “I don’t hate you, Zavar.” I glared at the darkness around me as Casiar closed the door. “I don’t hate any of you.” Rustling sound met my ears as I walked down the long maze of hallways. This part of the house was off limits to everyone who wasn’t allowed access. Stopping halfway down a third hallway, I pushed open a door to my right and stepped inside. The moment I did, a single light bulb in the center of the twenty-by-twenty feet square room came on, bathing it in a soft yellow glow. The door closed with a loud snap, and I let out a relieved sigh as the outside noise abruptly cut off.
“I seriously do not like your maze of deathtraps,” Ari muttered and stared curiously at the rune enclosed circle in the middle of the floor. Shaking her head, she went over to the wall and leaned against it. “So, while Brynna is taking out her anger issues on Tristan and Elijah, are you going to show me what happened after Sathia whisked you away?”
“Well,” I said and leaned against the opposite wall from her while Casiar took up a post at the door. “I have a feeling Brynna won’t stop until she destroys my house so… why the hell not?” I pointed a finger at her. “In turn, you’re going to show me a part of your past that you haven’t told anyone.” I smirked. “Sounds fair to you?”
Ari grunted. “Tristan knows everything.”
“He doesn’t count, since you know his entire past as well. Mate bonding sucks, does it not?”
She shuddered. “Depends on how you look at it.” I smirked. “But yes, that sounds fair to me. After all, you’re revealing your most precious secrets to me.”
“You damn right I am,” I muttered and slipped into her mind.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

{8102 B.C}

SATHIA

“Touch the babe, and I will skin you alive,” I growled to the only imp currently in the room. “Get out and close the door behind you.” Without a word, he stepped from the room, and I reached out, stopping him before he could close the door. “Send over Friasa.”
“The Fruska?” he hissed, eyes widening in terror.
I arched an eyebrow. “Who else?” I patted him on the head. “Tell her that I sent you.” The imp—with his glowing red eyes, black and silver scales, curved red horns, and ears folded back like a dog—swooshed his long, barbed tail through the air in his agitation. “Well,” I said sweetly. “What are you waiting for?” I asked and slammed the door in his face. An annoyed squeal came from the other side, and I smirked before turning to the baby still screaming her head off on the bed. “Could you please be quiet,” I said, grumbling as I walked over and picked her up. I glanced at the tube of blood on the little table and scowled. “Well, little one.” I ran my fingers through the soft, baby-fine hair, trying to calm her. I apparently… failed, because she was still crying a minute later when Friasa appeared in the room in a burst of fire. “Did you kill him?” I drawled.
“Do you ask everyone you invite over that same question? Or am I the lucky one?” Friasa—tall with glowing green eyes, translucent skin and white hair—asked, her voice soothing and melodic. The baby in my arms finally fell silent, and her blue eyes fluttered shut as sleep came over her. The wraith-like demon closed in on me and peered down at the little thing I was holding. “She is a beauty, is she not?”
I glanced down at the baby and frowned. “She is very noisy, and no, I do not ask everyone that question.”
“Have you given her a name?”
“I have not.”
“Well.” Friasa reached out and stroked a finger lightly over the baby’s forehead and smiled. “You, little one, shall be known as Jensahrienna Tehlazayria Mortidahreesa. Here, others will know you as Zayria.”
“And on earth?” I asked. “What shall she be known as?”
“She will take her family name.” I nodded. “I think you should do the honor of naming her.”
I blinked. “Are you sure?”
“Quite.”
“Hmm,” I said thoughtfully, as Friasa picked up the tube from the table. “I think you shall be known as… Jailyn Mortis,” I said softly. “Beautiful Death.”

{Present Day}

Ari stared at me, unblinking. “Jensa…what?” she spluttered.
I smirked. “That is the beauty of demons. You have to pronounce the names correctly to summon one. One little mispronunciation, the tiniest of a pause is a disaster.” I looked around, realizing that Casiar was no longer in the room. Did I scare you away, love? I silently asked into his mind and inwardly winced as Brynna punched him in the face. You wish, he mentally drawled. Tell Bryn that I will lock her in the void if she punches you again, and you will come with me when I go to see Alyssa? I mentally prodded. Of course, I wouldn’t miss it for anything, and I’ll be fine. Get back to Ari. I silently snorted and pulled back.
“Satisfied that he is well?” Ari asked dryly.
I scowled at her. “If it has anything to do with Bryn? Not so much.”
“Speaking of Bryn,” she said slowly. “How is she?”
I sighed. “I haven’t had one-on-one with her yet. Once I do, I’ll let you know.” I gave her a pointed look. “And how are you?”
She shrugged. “Besides the random pain, fevers, headaches, throwing back up what I eat, salivating at everything with blood that walks by? I’m good.”
I eyed her curiously. “Are you sure that Tristan didn’t give you his full strength?” She grunted. “Did you guys talk about it some more?”
“We did.”
“And…?”
“The moment we have more than half an hour alone time, I’m going to kill him.”
I laughed. “I’m sure that he will enjoy it, more than he should.” She harrumphed. “Even demon blood?” I asked, seriousness back in place.
She hesitated. “Not really,” she said slowly.
“But?”
“They don’t smell so awful to me anymore.”
“That is… very interesting.”
She grunted. “If I start sprouting tentacles, I’m going to stake myself.”
I held up a placating hand. “Relax,” I said soothingly. “You won’t sprout any tentacles or anything like that. Apart from your eyes glowing green when strong emotions are at play, you’re fine. I promise.”
“Are you sure?” she asked, almost pleadingly.
I straightened and flashed across the room to her. “Ariella,” I said gently, putting a hand under her chin and tilting her head back until she was looking me in the eye.
“I hate it when you people use my full name,” she muttered. “I feel like I’ve done something wrong and don’t know it, until it is too late.”
I smirked. “It’s a way of getting your full, undivided attention. Now, do I make promises that I can’t keep?”
“No,” she said with a sigh. “You don’t.”
I dropped my hand from her and sat down on the floor. “Besides, if you do start sprouting horns, the imps would be damn sure to point them out,” I said and smirked as Ari joined me on the floor.
“How comforting,” she drawled. “So Friasa, hmm?” I grunted. “Have you met her?”
“I have,” I said. “Many times.”
“Is she dead?”
I arched an eyebrow. “Why is that the first thing everybody always assumes?”
She shrugged. “No idea.”
I harrumphed. “She is very much alive. Would you like to meet her?” I asked and flashed to my feet, pulling her up with me. She let out a yelp as I jumped us both to the abyss.
“Jailyn!” she exclaimed, digging her fingers into my arms as I jumped into hell. “Jailyn!”
“What?” I asked sweetly and covered her mouth with a hand. “Quiet, now. We don’t want to attract any unwanted attention.”
“Unwanted attention?” she asked, her voice muffled. I grunted as I led her down a side street and into an alleyway. Making sure that no demons were nearby, I pulled Ari close. “What are you doing?” she asked in a whisper. “And before we leave here, can I get Hell’s Weekly?”
I smirked. “You really do enjoy reading the newspaper,” I said in amusement.
“Hey,” she said defensively. “Hell’s news is so much more entertaining than earth.”
“If you say so,” I said and removed my hand from her mouth. “And I’m going to teleport us to Friasa’s front door, demon style.”
“Oh, goody. What’s the difference?”
“Nothing, except that we’re going to appear in a burst of fire, so you’ll feel all warm and toasty.” Unlike teleporting from one place to another in a heartbeat, I pictured a doorway made of fire, and holding that firmly in my mind’s eye and the image of Friasa, I tightened my hold around Ari. Because I had no idea how this teleportation would affect her, I hissed a spell in her ear. A black bubble-like shield rose up around her, and before she could splutter out a protest, I mentally leapt through the fiery doorway. Everything briefly went dark, and when it lifted, we were standing in front of a closed door. I glanced to Ari, wincing as she let out a groan.
“I don’t think I like demon’s method of transportation much,” she said weakly and swallowed hard.
“Are you going to puke?” I asked and slipped my hand under her shirt and prodded her stomach. She groaned and closed her eyes, her head tilted back as she swallowed convulsively. Wrapping my arms around her, I glared at the door and kicked at it. It opened a minute later to reveal a very annoyed Fruska. Her expression quickly changed to surprise as she saw me standing on her doorstep. “Hello, Friasa, long time, no see.”
“Jailyn,” the demon said happily and stood back, opening the door wider. “Please, come in. Your friend does not look well.” Ari dropped her head onto my shoulder and muttered unintelligibly against my neck as we stepped over the threshold. The door closed on its own behind us, and Friasa led us into her kitchen. “Have a seat, both of you. I will get her something to soothe her stomach.” I pulled out a chair, and Ari reluctantly lifted her head from my shoulder, stepping back from me and slowly sat down. She stared at the dark blue cloth covering the rectangular table, still muttering under her breath as I pulled out a chair next to her and sat. “It was a good thing you shielded her,” Friasa continued. “Otherwise she would have been unconscious for hours.”
“Well,” I said with a heavy sigh. “It was a good thing my common sense kicked in.”
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully, grabbing a mug from the cabinet along with a box of something I couldn’t see. Though, from the smell of it, I knew it was ginger root and some minty stuff. Going over to the sink, she filled the mug with water. Mentally shutting it off, her hands glowed red as she heated it with her will alone. Scooping some ground up root and powder from the small box, she dropped them into the boiling water. Ari watched all this curiously as the demon brought it over and set it down in front of her, a small spoon appearing in her other hand. “I assure you, it’s not poison,” she said and dropped the spoon into the drink. “Be sure to stir it before drinking.” Ari blinked, nodding as she grabbed the spoon and began to stir. Friasa stared at her for a long time, and after a moment, Ari shifted in her seat and scowled up at the demon. “I would give you what you need most, but I’m afraid our blood is a little detrimental to your kind.”
“This is fine,” Ari said and took a hesitant sip of the drink. “Thank you.” You have to tell me if that works, I silently said into her mind. I will, Ari silently replied. If you fall dead, I’ll be sure to avenge you. She mentally snorted, taking a bigger gulp of her drink and shuddering. Friasa nodded, pulling out a chair opposite me and lowering herself into it.
“So,” said Friasa. “What brings you and your friend to me?”
“She wanted me to meet you,” Ari replied before I could get a word out.
“Ah, I see.” She stared intently at Ari, her eyes slightly narrowed. “May I ask you a question?”
“Of course.”
“Why do you have a Kreeto’s aura about you?” Damn, I thought. I was so hoping that she wasn’t going to ask that. But sadly, nothing ever went my way.
“It’s a long story,” Ari said with a heavy sigh. “I would regale you about how I got my ass kicked six ways to Sunday but…”
“Time is of the essence,” Friasa finished for her. Ari nodded, draining the rest of her drink.
“Friasa,” I said and put a hand on Ari’s arm. “This is Ariella Stanton. If you could please spread the word that she is under my protection, I would be forever grateful.” I paused. “I would hate to spill blood when it is not necessary.” Hot shockwaves of sensation rushed up and down my body every time a demon drew near, and I knew why they were doing it, too.
“Of course,” Friasa said conversationally. “We don’t want things to… escalate any farther, do we?”
“No, we don’t.”
Friasa took Ari’s empty mug and got to her feet. “May I offer an advice?”
“You always have.”
She walked to the sink and set down the mug. “I suggest that you set her up with a Kreeto mentor. She will need it.”
Ari cleared her throat and glared at us. “Sorry to interrupt,” she said as I removed my hand from her. “But I am sitting right here.”
Friasa smirked. “Forgive me. I’m not used to having guests in my home.” Ari nodded, as she eyed the Fruska with interest. Friasa’s translucent form, wraith-like and solid to the touch, became opaque, turning silver as she came back to the table. Tapping a blood-red claw on top of it, she looked thoughtful. She sighed and scowled at me, as her form went back to being translucent. “Did you know another gate has been opened?” she asked, and I let out a sigh.
“Yes.”
“Another group of necromancers meddling with what they shouldn’t be meddling with?”
“No,” Ari growled, and we stared at her. Clearly, I wasn’t the only one who wanted to rip out Alyssa’s entrails, feed them to her, and watch her choke on them. Cruel those thoughts may be, but fuck it, I was still angry at the god damn fledgling. “A god damn fucking idiot opened it!” Ari hissed.
“My,” Friasa drawled. “This idiot must be something to have your eyes glow green like that.”
Ari blinked, groaning as she slammed herself back into her chair. “Sorry,” she said, sighing. “She is not my favorite person at the moment.”
“I can clearly see that,” the Fruska said in amusement.
“Jailyn, since I can’t transform into a demon, can you?” Ari asked, glancing at me. Sudden change of topic, I thought dryly. I love it.
“She can,” Friasa answered for me. “At the moment, however, she cannot fully change.”
“Why not?”
“Because,” I said and turned so that I was facing her fully. “I had Freya cast a binding spell on me so that I cannot shift.”

{2689 B.C}

The taste of blood was divine in my mouth, on my skin, in my hair. All around me were the dead bodies of humans that I have slain just mere minutes ago. From the shadows, Casiar, covered in blood, walked toward me. “You have not left,” I growled as he stopped before me.
“I have not,” he growled. “Nor will I do so in the near future.”
I stared off into the distance, deep in thought. “I must learn how to control both sides of me, but I cannot do it at the same time when one nature wars with another,” I said and turned as Tristan, Allia, and a witch stepped from the surrounding forest. Tall with blonde hair and green eyes, the witch took everything in, as if she had seen many horrors in her lifetime.
“Perhaps,” Allia growled, wiping the blood from her eyes. “We can help.” The only one not covered in blood was the witch.
“Freya,” Tristan growled. “Meet Jailyn. Jailyn, Freya.”
“How will you help me?” I asked, as Freya stepped toward me.
“You would be surprised,” the witch said softly. “Of what I can, and cannot do.”
“You are wise beyond your years,” I noted as she stopped an arm’s length from me.
“How gracious of you to think so.” Tristan and Allia melted back into the shadows as Freya took another step toward me. “In answer to your question, if you will allow it, I can bind your demon, locking her inside until you are ready.”
“Will there be pain?”
“I am sorry, but yes, there will be pain involve.” I looked to Casiar, giving him a questioning look.
“Whatever choice you make, I will stand with you,” he growled and rested a hand on my shoulder.
“Do it,” I said to Freya, who nodded.
“Take us to somewhere private,” she said and reached out to Casiar. “Please.” A split second later, we were standing deep within the system of caves.
“Will this suffice?” Casiar asked.
Freya nodded. “You will have to hold her down. She will fight,” she warned as she walked to the far wall and put her back to it. Casiar’s arms came around me, and I took in a deep breath.
“I am ready whenever you are,” I said and closed my eyes.
“Very well,” Freya said and began to chant. “Con l'aria, ti lenire… Con il fuoco, vi abbraccio… Con il sangue, ti lego… Con l'aria, ti lenire… Con il fuoco, vi abbraccio… Con il sangue, ti lego… Con l'aria, ti lenire… Con il fuoco, vi abbraccio… Con il sangue, ti lego…” As she continued to chant, blinding pain slammed into me, and I screamed.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

{Present Day}

“Ow?” Ari said and shuddered.
“Ow indeed,” Friasa said and smirked.
I pulled out my phone and checked the time, wincing when I saw that it was just about noon. “We… better get going,” I said and got to my feet. Damn, how the time flew when you weren’t paying attention.
Ari’s eyes widened as she, too, got to her feet. “Damn, he is so going to kill me.” She gave me a pleading look. “You’ll cover for me, right?”
I smirked, shoving my phone into my pocket. “Oh, no. Tristan won’t believe a word I say. You do a better job of that than I could ever dream of.”
“Jailyn!” she exclaimed and growled at me. “I fucking hate you.”
Shaking my head, I turned to Friasa. “May I use this place as a focal point?”
“Of course,” she said and came around the table to my side. “I do have one request.”
“That is?”
She reached up, caressing my cheek with warm, gentle fingers. “If you are planning to bring an army through, I appreciate it if you not use my home as a stomping ground.”
I nodded. “You don’t have to worry about that, I have other areas I can go to.”
“And, if you plan to rain blood and ash, do summon me. I was quite saddened when I did not receive a call from you.”
I reached up and took her hand into mine. “I’ll be sure to do that,” I reassured her, giving her hand a gentle squeeze before releasing her.
“Tell that mate of yours that I said hello, won’t you?”
“I will,” I said and put my hand on Ari’s shoulder.
“Until next time, then,” Friasa said, before phasing out completely. “And Ariella,” her disembodied voice continued, swirling around us. “It was a pleasure to meet you.”
“Likewise,” Ari said to empty air. Waving a goodbye, I tightened my hand on Ari’s shoulder and jumped us into the abyss. When I saw no spirits waiting for me on the other side, I jumped us into the void, reappearing in my summoning chamber.
“Mmm,” Tristan said thoughtfully. “Look who decided to rejoin us.” Ari pulled away from me and went to him, smacking his arm and glaring at him. He winced, putting his arms around her and vanishing.
“Well,” Casiar said and pulled me into his arms. “Thanks for sneaking off to hell without telling me.”
“You’re welcome,” I said, sighing as I snuggled into him. You owe me a newspaper, Ari yelled into my mind, and I winced. “Damn,” I said and groaned.
“What?” Casiar asked, nuzzling my neck.
“I forgot to grab hell’s newspaper for Ari,” I muttered. “She just yelled at me for it.”
He chuckled. “She has a temper,” he said in amusement.
I smirked. “She is a redhead. They’re known for it. Have you met any who’s not a spitfire?”
“Hmm,” he said as everything went dark. “I can’t say that I have.” He dropped his arms from me, and I stepped away from him, turning as I walked into my ruined living room. There were… broken and smashed things everywhere I looked.
“She didn’t leave anything untouched,” I said and spluttered. I swear I was going to kick Elijah’s demented child to next year and back. I mean… seriously, even the fucking windows were broken.
“If it will make you feel any better,” Casiar said from the archway separating hallway from living room. “They managed to contain the destruction to one part of the house.” I glared at him and stalked into the darkened hallway. Casiar followed me, and I came to a stop halfway down it and grumbled under my breath. Putting his hands on my shoulders, he turned me to face him and kissed me. “Violet and Cazaron are off shopping.”
“What?” I asked and pulled back. “You did not.”
He smirked. “I did.”
“Oh, they are so going to give you hell for this afterwards.”
“That is the fun of it, and oh, seeing their expressions once they realized that I was serious, made my day.”
“You are a terrible sire,” I said with a sigh.
“I don’t see you complaining,” he said and growled as I kissed him. His arms came around me, and everything went dark. When it lifted, we were in the bedroom, and our clothes were gone.
“What is it with you and clothes?” I asked as his body temperature rose. His tongue stroked against mine as I groaned.
“They get in the way,” he growled, breaking the kiss as he trailed his fingers down my body. “And, you need to loosen up a bit.”
“Is that so?” I asked and dropped onto the bed that was behind me.
“Yes,” he said and was on me. Kissing me fiercely, he growled, and I hissed as one of his hands went between my legs while cupping my breast with the other. Gasping, I groaned as he slipped a finger inside and tweaked my nipples until they were hard. I broke the kiss, wrapping my arms around him and arching into his hand as he slipped a second finger inside me. I let out a moan, as he slowly stroked me and circled my clit, moving faster and faster as my pleasure built. Digging my fingers into his shoulders, I stiffened, groaning loudly as I came. Removing his hand, he nuzzled my neck, and then growled as I amped up his lust. What can I say? I couldn’t help it. His growl turned into a snarl as my claws came out. I didn’t have to look in a mirror to know that my eyes were also glowing green. Blood ran down my hands as I tightened my hold around him and flipped us over. Carefully removing my claws from his shoulders, I leaned down and licked at his nipples until he was breathing harshly and cursing me to hell and back. I moved off him, wrapping my hands around his thick, hard length and gently stroking a silver-tipped claw up and down it. He grew harder, and he bared his fangs, snarling as I retracted my fangs and took the head of him into my mouth. One hand gripping the blanket under him and one hand in my hair, he groaned as I licked and sucked him, taking him deeper into my mouth. Snarling and cursing, he gripped the back of my head as I sucked him harder, working him to a frenzy. Running a claw along the inside of his thigh, I groaned as his eyes turned white, and I grew hotter, wetter as he swelled and came with a feral snarl. I swallowed all of him as he spilled himself down my throat. He released me, and I pulled back, biting him on his inner thigh. Casiar let out a shout, cursing at me as I took a long pull of his blood. His hand closed around my arm as I withdrew my fangs and licked at the wound. “Enough,” he growled and yanked me up his body. I put my hands on his chest, pushing him back down as I straddled him.
“Just one more, love,” I said sweetly and slowly lowered myself onto him. He growled, and I moaned as he filled me. He closed his mouth around a nipple and suckled it hard. Moaning, I dug my claws into his chest as his hands went to my waist. Growling, he thrust upward, and I gasped, yelping as he sank his fangs into my breast and pulled hard. Leaning forward, I moaned as I met his thrust with my own. Growling, he released my nipple with a wet pop and thrust harder into me. Baring my fangs, I drove them into his neck and drank deeply. I let out a scream, squeezing him as I came. With a snarl, he thrust himself deep into me, going taut as he pulsed inside me with his own release. I withdrew my fangs, and I gasped as my world spun. Casiar pulled out of me, and before he knew what hit him, I released a soul and slammed it into him, knocking him off the bed and onto the floor. He hissed, before letting out an animalistic growl. I slowly sat up, panting as I looked over at him. Too fast for me to track, his hand shot out, grabbing me and pulling me on top of him. I grunted as I hit the floor as he vanished from under me. He was on me a split second later, one of his arms going around my neck and lifting my head up. He snarled in my ear as I dug my claws into his arm. I pushed up, only to have the room blur as Casiar propelled me across it. Before I could hit the wall, he caught me and slammed me against it. Kicking my legs apart, he thrust into me from behind. Moaning, I slammed back against him, gasping as he held my hands trapped in his and pounded ruthlessly into me. His fangs tore at my neck, and I screamed, tightening around him as I came apart. Growling, he bit me harder, and I moaned as he gave one last thrust and came with a grunt. Withdrawing his fangs, he released my hands and pulled out of me. Panting, I turned, and then gasped as he kissed me, pouring a soul into me. Breaking the kiss, he nuzzled my neck as I gasped and shuddered in his arms, moaning. Pleasure burned through me like fire, and I cried out as Casiar fingered me hard and fast, flicking and pinching my swollen clit as he held me tight against him. Unable to breathe from the overloaded pleasure, I buried my face in his neck and wrapped my arms around him as he slid himself back inside me.
“Damn,” he snarled, grunting as I rippled around him. I sucked in a sharp breath and wrapped my legs around him, gasping as he moved in and out of me. Reaching between us, he rubbed at my clit, and I let out a scream as I came along with him. He drove himself deep within me, and I gasped for air as I continued to milk him.
“Fuck,” I said and moaned. “If you move, I will fucking murder you.”
“I would die happy,” Casiar growled, running his fingers through my white hair.
“I’m sure you would,” I said breathlessly against his neck. After another moment of groaning and panting, the pleasure slowly faded.
“Can I move now?” he asked in amusement. When I nodded, he quickly pulled out of me, letting my legs drop to the floor. Still holding me close, he nuzzled me and chuckled. When my heart rate and breathing turned back to somewhat normal, I lifted my head and gave him a slow, gentle kiss. “You keep this up,” he warned. “And we’ll never make it out of this room.” I pulled back and scowled at him. “Sorry.”
I sighed. “As lovely as that sounds, we have a meeting to attend.”
“That? We do.” I growled, tightening my arms around him. I really, really did not want to face reality at the moment. Wrapping an arm around my waist, he moved us back to the bed and sat down, pulling me onto his lap. “I can go see her alone if you wish,” he said softly and ran a hand up and down my back in a soothing manner. I buried my fingers into his hair and snuggled into him as he tightened his hold around me. Realizing my claws had retracted; I ran my fingers through his short hair and massaged his scalp. Outside my little bubble of peace and quiet, I could feel the sun setting fast. We both sighed, and I nuzzled his throat as the cool blanket of night settled over us. It was like a cool breeze of fresh air after a long, very humid day. It briefly washed over me in a wave, and I muttered against his neck. Reluctantly, I slipped from his lap and got to my feet with a long, loud groan of annoyance as I stomped into the bathroom. I cursed Alyssa’s existence as I jumped into the shower. I felt Casiar’s presence leaving the room, and I grumbled as I quickly cleaned myself up. After a moment, I rested my forehead on the cool wall of the shower and let out a sigh. There was a gentle pushed at my metaphorical door, and I smiled. When it vanished a second later and without a word to me, I turned off the shower and stepped out. Wrapping myself in a dark blue towel, I exited the bathroom and flashed to my closet, pulling it open. I removed the towel from me and wiped my hair with it. I tossed it onto the bed as a fully clothed Casiar walked back into the room, the blood globe in his hand.
“Hmm,” I said with a sigh. “You salvaged it.”
“More like,” he said slowly as he eyed me up and down, causing me to shiver as I slowly dressed. “I teleported it to the office.” I nodded, pulling my shirt over my head and smirking as I felt his disappointment. Walking over to my dresser, I glanced at myself in the mirror as I picked up my weapons and strapped them to my body. Casiar came up behind me, resting a hand on the back of my neck as he slipped the globe into my pocket. Digging his fingers into my neck, he began to work the bunched nerves there. I finished sliding my last blade into a sheath, and I leaned back against him with a groan. Putting his arms around me, he led me from the bedroom and out onto the enclosed back porch, where Freya was waiting for us with a smile and a cup of blood in her hand. I arched an eyebrow at the cup as Casiar pulled out a chair for me at the small, round, plastic white table. I sat and gestured “for Freya to join me as Casiar walked over to the screen door and peered out into the night.
“What’s up with the cup of blood?” I asked as she set the blood down and sat.
“If you must know, I am only drinking out of a cup to appease Skyler,” she said with an amused smirk. Casiar chuckled, and she shot him a glare over her shoulder. “She is trying very hard to civilize us so…” She tapped the cup with a finger. “You two are my witnesses.” I laughed, shaking my head in bewilderment. Freya scowled at us and made a face. “Freya,” she continued in a mocking tone. “Who drinks from a bag when you have company over? I mean, don’t you guys have like special goblets or something?” She frowned fiercely as I continued to laugh. “And don’t you guys have athames for the guests?” She dropped her Skyler impression and grimace. “Dear god, she had Kira in tears of mirth.”
“I so wished I was there to see the entire thing played out,” Casiar said, squeezing his eyes shut and shaking his head.
“Did she say more?” I asked and grabbed Freya’s cup of blood and downed it.
“Oh, she said quite a bit,” she drawled, and then chuckled. “The generations of today, how they amuse me so.”
I reached out, patting her on the arm and silently laughing as I rose to my feet. “Given that you’re here, I take it you will be joining us?” She nodded, getting to her feet and glaring at me. Casiar flashed to my side, amused as he put a hand on us both. “Don’t bite the girl,” I said to Freya as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

Appearing behind the Night Life Bar, we took a step back from each other and looked around. Sensing another vampire nearby, and the scent of fresh blood in the wind, I leapt into the air, landing on the roof as I sped across it to the other side. Yes, I could have teleported, but tonight, I wasn’t in the mood. I wanted to feel the cool wind whipping against me as I jumped off the roof to land in a silent crouch. Straightening, I watched, as Jordana reluctantly pulled back from her feeding. Holding a limp male human in her arms, she turned her head, and I moved deeper into the shadows. “You know,” Trynnadon said from behind me, low enough for only me to hear. “Now these days, all she does is paint.”
“And tries to eat my dog,” Kira whispered down from the roof.
“That too,” Trynnadon said with a sigh.
“It seems to me,” Freya whispered from a roof of another building. “That we are not the only ones out and about tonight.” Jordana, who still held a bleeding human in her arms, glanced around and scowled. Turning back to the human, she growled at him. She leaned in, her tongue flicking out as she licked the two punctured holes closed. Walking the human to the brick wall several yards away, she released him and let him crumble to the ground in a heap. That poor bastard was going to be in pain the moment he regained consciousness. Sensing movements, Jordana turned and growled at Kira as she stepped from the shadows.
“Come on,” Kira said gently. “Let’s go grab a drink from the bar.” Moving at lightning speed, Jordana lunged for Kira, and we all winced at the sound of snapping bones.
“Wonderful,” Freya said with a sigh, not bothering to lower her voice. “Dana,” she said sharply. “That is enough.”
“You never let me have any fun!” Jordana yelled, throwing an unconscious Kira headfirst into the side of the building. When Tristan didn’t appear like he usually did when one of his children was hurt, I frowned. Jordana kicked out a foot, but before she could connect with Kira’s side, Freya jumped from the roof and tackled her to the ground. “That is enough,” she repeated, cupping Jordana’s chin as she groaned and gasped in pain. At the stir of the air, Freya glanced up as a very hungry-looking Liana appeared from nowhere. Releasing Jordana, Freya got to her feet and stepped back as Liana walked to her child.
“Get up,” she growled. Wincing, Jordana slowly picked herself from the ground and stood nervously before her sire, as Freya walked over to me and stopped at my side. Liana glanced around, and Trynnadon winced as she glared at him. Turning back to Jordana, she let out a sigh, pulling her child into her arms and whispering something into her ear. After a moment, Jordana vanished into thin air. Kira suddenly let out a groan, sitting up and rubbing her neck as she blinked. “Are you okay?” Liana asked and helped Kira to her feet.
“She fucking snapped my neck,” Kira spluttered. “That hurt!” Casiar appeared behind me and putting a hand on my lower back, he led me and Freya to the bar entrance. All the while, everyone could hear Kira still bitching at Liana.
“They are troublesome,” Freya said with a heavy sigh. “Are they not?”
“They are,” Casiar muttered as she opened the door. “Children these days.”
“Thank you, love,” I said to her as Casiar and I stepped through. “He meant to thank you, too,” I continued and elbowed Casiar in the gut. He grunted, muttering, “Thanks”, as Freya followed us in. The moment we entered, the bar abruptly fell silent, and I smirked in amusement as all eyes—ranging from black to all shades of red—turned to us. I walked up to the bar and leaned against it as Cane slowly set down the saltshaker he was holding.
“Jailyn,” Cane said in greeting. “Casiar.” He glanced at Freya, hesitating.
“Allow me to introduce myself.” She held out a pale hand to him, and he staggered back a step as he took her outstretched hand into his. I straightened and glared at the patrons, until they went back to whatever they were discussing before we came through the door. “My name is Freya. It is a pleasure to meet you, Cane.” She smiled, before releasing him.
“Show off,” I hissed in her ear, low enough for only her to hear. She smirked as I turned to Cane. “May we acquire one of your special rooms?” I asked as Alyssa, who was sitting at one of the booths, finally got up and came over to join us.
“Yes, you may,” Cane said and stepped back from the bar. “If you could please, follow me.” Freya, Alyssa, Casiar and I went behind the bar and followed him through a door that led into a darkened hallway. At the end of it, he paused, before opening a door to his left and standing back for us to enter. Freya rested a hand on Alyssa’s shoulder, gently but firmly guiding her inside when she hesitated in the doorway. “Can I get you all something to eat or drink?” the bartender asked, his hand on the doorknob.
“Blood would be nice,” I said and pulled out a chair at the roundtable situated in the center of the room.
“Can I have spicy honey BBQ chicken wings?” Alyssa asked as she sat across from me.
Cane nodded. “How many?”
“Four dozens,” I said and chuckled as Alyssa and Freya blinked at me.
“And cheese fries,” Alyssa said as she continued her order.
“Anything else?” Cane asked slowly, looking amused.
“Yes,” Casiar said as he sat down to my left while Freya did the same on my other side. “Can I have a keg of AB negative?” Freya’s eyes flashed white as she all but salivated. Cane nodded and looked pointedly at Alyssa.
“A negative,” she replied as she stared at Casiar. Cane grunted, before closing the door and flashing down the hall. “A keg?” she spluttered.
“Hey,” Casiar said and scowled at her. “I’m hungry.”
I rested a hand on Freya’s arm and squeezed it tightly. “Keep it together, my friend,” I said calmly as she let out a grunt of pain. Releasing her, I reached out and tapped Alyssa on the nose. “You didn’t try to bail out on me,” I said conversationally.
“You have the death of my human family hanging over my head. I had no choice but to show up.”
“Oh, that is right.” I sighed and leaned back in my chair. Looking around, I frowned at the plain white walls and the pale blue, hard wood floor. I folded my hands on top the purple table cloth and eyed Alyssa thoughtfully. “You always have a choice. In this case, you’ve chosen the smart one.”
“If I may interrupt, Jailyn,” Freya growled, and then coughed, clearing her throat. She narrowed her eyes on Alyssa. “Explain to me, child. Why do you have a hard time following instruction? It boggles the mind, does it not?” Casiar and I nodded, and Alyssa scowled at us before shrugging. Freya shook her head, muttering wordlessly as the door opened, and a vampire I didn’t know stepped through. He nodded a greeting to us and set a hot bottle of blood in front of Alyssa.
“Where would you like this?” he asked, a large rectangular, red and blue cooler-like box in his arms. The only difference was, it wasn’t a cooler, because I could feel the heat coming off of it.
“Just set it on the table,” I said when everyone else remained quiet. “Thank you, sir.” He nodded as he set it down. Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out the Council’s credit card and handed it to him. “Bill everything to that card.” The vampire nodded, taking it from me and walking from the room, the door closing behind him. The moment it snapped shut, Casiar’s hand shot out, yanking the blood to him before Freya could pounce on it. Popping the lid open, we all groaned as the overwhelming scent of blood hit us. Growling, Freya reached past me and snatched up a couple of bottles. Closing her eyes, Alyssa opened up her own bottle and downed it. Casiar handed one to me, and I took it from him and drained it, groaning as the burn of alcohol mixed with blood went down my throat. Too bad this was just regular alcohol and not the special, secret kind. I grabbed another bottle and downed it. After a moment of drinking and after several empty plastic bottles littered the table, I slowed down my drinking and scowled at Alyssa. “Help yourself,” I said to her. “There are plenty here to pass around.” She nodded and grabbed a couple for herself. “We won’t start until the food gets here.”
“Hmm,” Freya said with a growl. “I do not want to know how much this will all cost.”
“A lot,” Alyssa said dryly and sipped at her blood.
“So, tell me of this sister of yours, Lily.”
She frowned, hesitating. “What do you want to know?” she asked slowly.
Freya shrugged. “Whatever it is that you wish to tell me. I heard that her primary is runes. Is this correct?” Alyssa nodded. “Has she developed the sudden urge to draw?”
“Yeah,” Alyssa replied slowly. “She’s been drawing weird things, and I have no idea what they’re supposed to mean.” Freya nodded, as the door once again opened to reveal another vampire, holding a tray in her hands. We waited silently as she set everything out and took away some of our empty bottles.
“Can I get you guys anything else?” she asked, pausing just outside the door.
“That will be all,” Freya said with a smile. “We thank you.” The vampire nodded and disappeared back to the bar. Alyssa pulled her plate closer to her and promptly dug into her wings and fries. I watched her curiously, as I picked up a wing with two fingers from my own plate and nibbled at it. Alyssa finally stopped eating and looked up at us.
“Well,” the fledgling said exasperatedly. “Stop nibbling at it.”
Freya chuckled. “You heard the girl. Eat up,” she said and stuck the entire drumstick into her mouth. When she pulled it out, it was cleaned of meat. Shaking my head in amusement, I did the same to my own wing. On my other side, Casiar was still going through his bottles of blood. Sighing, Freya got up from her chair and went around the table to his side, the plate of food in her hand.
“Please, for the love of the devil, save me a couple to wash this… stuff down with,” I said dryly. “So,” I continued and stole a cheese fry from Alyssa’s plate. “I told you this yesterday. You opened the gate, and you have to be the one to close it.” I sighed. “In order to do that, you need to be able to do magic.” I let her digest this for a moment as we continued to eat and drink. Swallowing another mouthful, I looked over at Freya and Casiar thoughtfully, wondering if there would be any blood left by the time they were done. Silently muttering to myself, I snatched the one Casiar just opened out of his hand and drained it. He growled, and I smirked as I went back to my last two wings and a drumstick.
“I don’t have magic anymore,” Alyssa muttered.
“I know, love,” I said dryly. “After all, it was I, who stripped your magic from you.” She winced, shuddering. “You still remember,” I said and smirked. “Perhaps, this time you will listen.” I finished off my plate and grabbed another bottle of blood.
“If you promise not to kill my family.” At this, Casiar and Freya choked on their blood, coughing, as they stared at her in disbelief. Alyssa gulped, shoveling the last few fries into her mouth. I, too, just stared at her. Was she being serious? Had she lost her fucking god damn mind? Because, she did not just try to negotiate with me. I dropped my empty bottle into the heat box thing and mentally reached for one of the wet wipes, ripping it from its plastic wrapping. I picked it up and pulling it apart, I slowly cleaned off my hands, still staring at Alyssa. The tension in the room rose higher, as fear rolled off the stupid, but brave, fledgling.
“Are you trying to make a deal with me?” I asked slowly, and I silently cursed as her eyes glazed over at the pull and sound of my voice. Taking in a deep breath, I pushed the prickling, hot waves of sensation down before my eyes could glow green. “Hmm?” I asked and smirked as Alyssa blinked.
“No,” she said and winced. “I just don’t want my family to be hurt because of me.”
I dropped the wet wipe I was still holding and sighed. “You poor girl. You should have thought of that before you decided to go against my attempts to instruct you.” Alyssa remained silent, wiping her own hands clean while the others did the same. “Very well," I said with a heavy sigh. “I won’t harm your family, provided you do exactly…” I met her eyes, and before she could look away, my compulsion slammed into her. “As I say. Am I understood?”
“I will do as you say,” Alyssa said in a monotone, and I smiled as I released her and got to my feet. Both Freya and Casiar glanced at the remaining bottles of blood thoughtfully as I grabbed one more for myself. Alyssa hesitated, before grabbing two more for her own self.
“The way we came in?” Casiar asked as we walked to the door. Freya nodded as I opened it and stepped from the room. Back at the bar, I waved to Cane, and when he nodded, we headed toward him. Grabbing the Council’s card from a blue folder, he handed it to me. I took it and nodded.
“Much thanks.”
“You’re always welcome,” Cane drawled.
I smirked. “How charming.” He shook his head, muttering under his breath as we headed for the exit. “Goodnight, Cane,” I said as we exited the bar.
Outside in the chilly night, I looked around as I discretely scented the air. Sensing nothing off, we followed Alyssa to her car. Once she was inside, I tapped on the driver’s side window. When she looked at me, I glared at her. “When I call you, you will come, yes?”
She nodded. “I will.” I nodded and stepped back as she slowly pulled out of the parking lot. Casiar put a cool hand on my shoulder and Freya’s, a split second before everything went dark.
When it lifted, we all froze where we stood, in the hallway of Tristan and Ari’s home. For one, it looked like Tristan was doing his damnedest to kill Ari. What in the fuck? I silently hissed as Ari slammed his head into the wall and through it. Her panic, anger, and pain slammed into me, and it was all I could do not to double over, gasping. Tristan let out a snarl, and they were a blur as she tried to subdue him, and at the same time, he tried to kill her. And, this was no role-play sex game. Ari’s terror-filled glowing green eyes met mine, and my world vanished as I was plunged into darkness.


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

When the vision ended, I was a panting, gasping idiot in Casiar’s arms. Fuck, I thought and pushed away from him. I was going to burn that fucking bitch if it’s the last thing I do. Stepping into the living room, I blurred between Tristan and Ari, grunting and gasping in pain as Tristan impacted with me, sending the both of us crashing into the bathroom. “Tristan!” I yelled, hissing as his claws dug into my stomach and his fangs ripped into my neck. Out in the living room, Ari was shrieking incoherently at Casiar and Freya, and holy fucking damn could she use that voice box of hers. Since only the bedrooms and basement were soundproofed, I pray to the devil that no one came knocking. Not that we lived around neighbors to begin with, but it was better safe than having to wipe the minds of clueless humans that monsters under the bed really do come out to haunt children at night. Growling, I grabbed Tristan around the throat and bashed his head into the sink counter, hard enough to knock him out. I pulled his claws from my stomach as I felt the brush of magic washing over me. Ducking, I jumped aside as Freya—her ears bleeding—paused in the doorway, silently casting a spell. There was a blue shimmer around Tristan, before it faded to nothing. Looking confused, she bent and lifted her sire into her arms and carried him out. Glancing down at myself, I sighed and walked from the bathroom, one hand over the healing bite wound in my neck. Ari finally stopped shrieking, gasping for air as she watched us suspiciously. Covered in blood, she growled, her upper lip pealing back from her fangs, baring them at us as we drew near. Freya and I paused, unsure of what to do. Ari did not look good either, and it wasn’t because of the brutal fight she was just in. It looked like she was going to fall over, faint, puke, kill us, or all of the above. “Ari,” I said slowly, gently. “It’s Jailyn, not Ulrika.” Freya walked down the hall, looking over her shoulder as she took Tristan into the nearest bedroom. Ari, after a moment of panting and growling, nodded. Casiar stepped into the living room, wincing and putting up his hands as she turned on him.
“Easy,” he drawled. “She is too busy trying to wake Tristan.”
“He is right,” Freya confirmed as she stepped from the bedroom and closed the door. “She will find out, soon, that he cannot be awakened.”
“We need to find her,” Ari growled.
“Yes, we do,” I said and scowled. “Any ideas where she might be hiding out?”
Ari sighed. “No fucking clue,” she muttered and groaned. Clutching her head in her bloodied hands, she kicked broken pieces of wood out of her way, clearing up a space as she sat down on the floor.
“Are you all right?” Freya asked as we slowly approached her.
“I’m not sure,” she said with a sigh and lifted her head as Casiar sat down beside her. Freya righted an overturned couch and sat with a sigh. I dropped down on Ari’s other side as Casiar held out his wrist to her.
“Bite me,” he said as the air grew charged. “I know you want to.” Reaching out, she brought his wrist to her mouth and sank her fangs in deep. She made a choking sound, and only his free hand at the back of her head prevented her from pulling away. After a moment, he dropped his hand, and she took one last long pull of his blood before pulling back.
“Feeling better?” I asked. She took in a deep breath and nodded. I pulled out the blood globe from my pocket and frowned at it.
“Is that her blood?” Ari asked curiously. I looked to Freya, who nodded. “Can we use the globe to do some kind of a locator spell?”
“I could,” said Freya. “But I doubt she will be that easy to find.”
I sighed. “And you’re probably right. If she is smart, and we all know for a fact that she is. She will have a witch on her side.” Silently growling, I slipped the globe back into my pocket as a knock sounded at the front door. We all rose as one, and they trailed behind me as I went to answer it. On the other side of the door, Jordana stood on the steps, staring blankly at me. “Jordana?” I said in greeting. “What are you doing here?”
“I think we have a problem,” she said, her eyes snapping back to focus.
I stiffened. “What is it?”
“Bite me.”
I frowned. “I’m sorry?” She put a hand on my stomach and shoved, forcing me to take a step back. She entered, kicking the door shut as she looked around.
“Where is Tristan? I know he’s here somewhere.”
“He is… down for the count.”
“And Skyler?”
I scowled at her. “Dana, what’s wrong?”
“Sven and Liana are trying to kill each other.” I stiffened, growling low in my throat. “Brynna, Iris, and Cole have everything under control.” Her hand shot out, and I yelped as she stabbed me in the neck with a syringe.
“Dana, what are you doing?” Casiar growled and appeared beside me. Freya and Ari sucked in a sharp breath as Jordana emptied a black liquid into me. Damn, I knew what it was the moment it touched my skin. I grabbed Jordana around the throat and slammed her into the nearest wall.
“What the hell was that for?” I growled as I began to burn from the inside out. “Tell me, Dana,” I warned. Freya tugged the empty syringe from her hand and pocketed it as I applied pressure to Jordana’s neck.
“I need to show you something,” Jordana choked out, digging her fingers into my hand.
“And you have to inject me with demon blood in order to show me?” I asked and bared my fangs at her. Growling, I released her and took a step back, as she sucked in a lungful of air. I frowned, hissing as the burning grew more pronounced. Jordana smirked as she stepped toward me.
“I know what you are,” she whispered in my ear, so low I had to strain to hear her. Wrapping my arms around the young vampire, I teleported to her art studio that was a floor below us. A split second later, Freya appeared in the doorway. She stepped inside and closed the door behind her with a snap. Stay with Ari, I silently said to Casiar. I will be fine. In my head, I could feel him hesitating, and I mentally scowled at him. He let out a sigh, and then he was gone. I stepped back from Jordana, silently groaning in pain.
“How do you know what I am?” I asked her and dropped into the nearest chair.
“I…” she said slowly. “Was always good at seeing the future. I was always able to.” I looked to Freya, who looked mildly shocked. “Even as a human. I told Sven to keep it a secret after he turned me. He gave me his word.” She sighed. “Had I… not been captured and held captive, you all would have found out eventually.” She walked over to one of the easels and put a hand on one of the smaller canvases. “In one of my visions, I saw you in your demon form, Jailyn.”
“Are all of your paintings of the future?” Freya asked, clearly wanting to go over to one of the canvases and turn it around to have a look.
Jordana shook her head. “No one should know the future, because the moment I show these to you, you would want to change the outcome.” She glared at us. “And you can’t force me, because I just found out that no one can read me. After all…” She giggled. “My brain is wired wrong.”
“Dana,” I said, groaning as sweat trickled down my cheeks. “Why did you inject me?” She walked over to me and patted my cheek. Damn, if she was anyone else, I would have splattered her entrails all over the walls.
“She wants me to lift the spell that I have placed upon you more than four thousand years ago,” Freya said quietly.
I closed my eyes and grimaced. “Why?” I asked, taking Jordana’s hand into mine.
“Because, you need to be in your demon form to bite me. You’ll see the vision through my blood. Unlike normal blood reading, only demons can read mine.” I opened my eyes and peered curiously at her. “Instead of the past or present, it’s what I project through blood that you’ll see.” She pulled her hand from mine and walked back to the easel. “Why don’t you ever blink? I’ve been meaning to ask you that for weeks now.”
“Well,” I said and wiped the sweat from my eyes. “For necromancers, blinking jumps them to whatever plane or planes they oversee. By jumping, I don’t mean they physically jump there. It’s like… looking through a window, able to see what’s going on there, and when they blink again, they come back to themselves.”
“Are they unaware when they do this? Unaware of earth, I mean.”
“At first, yes, but with practice, they learn how to distinguish between the two. As for me, I see everything. That means I’m hit with pain every time I blink.”
Freya smirked. “That is because your souls do not appreciate being bombarded with sounds and colors.”
I scowled at her. “Not the point,” I muttered and groaned. “Dana, what did you do to this blood?” I growled as my skin reddened.
Jordana shrugged. “I may have forced a witch to make it more potent.”
“Did you compel this witch?” Freya asked as she stepped toward me.
“Nope, I might have held his little boy hostage along with his infant daughter and shifter wife.”
I sighed. “And how did you managed to keep his wife from hurting you?”
She shrugged. “I took her down first with our special silver net, and before the witch could cast a spell, I snatched their daughter from her cradle.” Freya and I stared at her, because there were more.
“That is not all of it,” Freya said and scowled at her. “What else did you do?”
Jordana sighed. “I may have put a silver bullet or two into the mother’s leg.”
“Dana!” I snapped.
“What?” she asked defensively and shrugged. “She’s still alive.” She smiled, and her eyes had a faraway look to them as she let out a satisfied sigh and giggled. “That was the most fun I’ve had since the blood trial of Carlie and that idiot rogue.” She blinked and scowled at the floor. “Then I come home to Sven and Liana beating the shit out of each other.” A light entered her eyes, and she again, giggled. “But enough of that, I have to show you something before Freya lifts the spell.” She looked at me with an amused glint in her eyes. “You can handle the burning pain a little longer…” She pouted. “Can’t you?” she asked as I began to breathe heavily. Walking over to a table by the door, she dropped into her chair, still giggling. Freya and I looked at each other, and I shook my head. Jordana’s giggle turned into a laugh, and she smiled, spinning around in her soft rolling chair. Picking up a twenty-by-twenty canvas, she turned it around, until we could see what was on it. There was not much red in it, which was very uncharacteristic of her. This was bound to be quite… interesting as she pointed out all the features. "This is Alyssa, right here," her finger tracing the outline of the blonde-haired fledgling. "And she's sitting on this little magic-eating chair. Chained to it, you see?" The chains had dried blood on them and were silver. Somehow, she'd even gotten the metallic sheen onto the painting. "She's in a really tiny room! Kind of like that janitor's closet in the headquarters."
"We have a janitor's closet?" Freya asked, blinking in amusement.
"There's a desk, and no door, and there's a little portal right…" She put her finger on it. "Here, that Freya made to summon books from Jailyn's library, and.” She spun on the chair and grinned evilly. "She has to read all of them, without feeding, or talking, or anything! It's so beautiful, don't you think? Oh, and this?" She pointed at a strange spider-like creature that looked a lot like a demon to me. "Is a little demon that encourages her by taking little nibbles of her soul if she slows down! It also selects particularly big books from the portal to torture her even more!" Setting her masterpiece down on the table in front of her, Jordana spun a few more times on her chair, giggling. Stopping suddenly, she turned to face us. "Do you like it?"
"How does the demon know if she's actually reading?" I asked.
  She shrugged. "Mindreading? Asking her annoying questions about the books? Maybe it just tortures her whether or not she's reading!" She propped the canvas against the wall and laughed hysterically. “So, do you like it?”
“I am impressed,” Freya admitted as she continued to admire the painting. If there’s one thing Jordana was good at besides crushing skulls and eating brains? It was painting. Without a doubt, she had a talent for art.
“How about you, Jailyn?”
I smirked. “I love it. You did a wonderful job on it, sweetheart.”
“Thank you!” she said cheerfully and chuckled. Getting up from her chair, she flashed over to me. “You don’t look good,” she sang in almost a whisper in my ear.
“I wonder why,” I drawled and groaned as she wrapped her arms around me.
“Sorry,” she said and nuzzled my throat. “Freya will make it better.” I buried my fingers in her long blonde hair and tugged until she pulled back to look at me.
“Don’t ever do that again,” I said firmly, and I growled as she pouted at me. “I am serious, Jordana. Don’t ever inject me with demon blood or anything that would cause me harm again.”
She sighed and pulled away from me, turning as she walked to the far wall. “Fine,” she muttered as Freya put a hand on my shoulder. “Don’t do it here!” Jordana yelled. “Get out! Get out! Get out!” The studio door flew opened, and I cursed as an unseen force lifted me into the air and tossed my ass through it. Freya landed several feet further down from me with a grunt, and we both winced as the door slammed shut.
“Well,” Freya said, getting to her feet. “I believe that is the extent of her lucidity.” She walked over and held a hand out to me. I took it, and I groaned as she pulled me to my feet. “Shall we?” she asked, and I nodded.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

In the living room of Freya’s home, I sprawled on the floor and groaned as Casiar stood watching from the doorway. “Hmm,” Freya said with a heavy sigh. I looked around; inwardly smirking as she magically transported all the furniture and other stuff out of here.
“Freya,” I said dryly. “It’s not like I’m going to burn down your house.”
She arched an eyebrow in question. “Are you so certain of that?” I scowled at her, and she shook her head as the blood globe vanished from her hand.
“Better safe than not,” Casiar said, and I glared at him.
“You’re not supposed to agree with her.” He chuckled and leaned against the doorframe as Freya walked over to me. She held out a piece of light blue chalk to Casiar and smiled.
“Would you like to do the honor of drawing a circle?” she asked and crouched ten feet away from me.
“No, but thanks.” Chuckling, she knelt and drew a circle around me. When she was done, she got to her feet, and I sucked in a sharp breath as her magic rose, prickling painfully against my skin… or was that just the demon blood? A shimmering, transparent dome-like shield rose up around me, and she nodded. Groaning, I sat up and moved to the edge of the circle and ripped into my wrist, letting the blood hit the cream-colored wood floor. The dark, dark red liquid sizzled on contact with the wood, and when it didn’t eat through it like it normally would; I continued biting into my wrist, until there was a blood circle inside the one she just made. Freya whistled and shuddered.
“If that were me, I would be screaming and writhing in agony,” she stated and grimaced before turning to Casiar. “Attack the barrier.” We both stared at her.
“Why?” he asked slowly.
She scowled. “Just do it. We have people to save.”
I snorted. “They can fucking wait. I’m burning alive, and in my opinion, my life is more precious than theirs.”
“Of course,” she said and gave an evil smirk. Sighing, Casiar came up to the circle and poked at it, before he punched it. The shield shook, but held under the assault. Freya winced and muttered under her breath. “Again.” Casiar scowled at her, and she growled at him. “If your eyes suddenly go vacant, I am going to assume that Ulrika has taken over, and before she does such a thing, I want Jailyn’s demon released.” He glared at her, and then he slammed himself against the shield. When he fell back on his ass, not even making a dent in the shield except to make Freya gasp in pain, I laughed.
“Satisfied?” Casiar growled and glared at me.
“Yes,” Freya said and winced. “I am.” Casiar got to his feet and frowned as he walked back to his post at the door. “Like four thousand years ago, this will hurt. I am sorry.”
I groaned, panting as I moved back to the center of the circle. “Let’s get this done and over with. I was going to ask you to lift the spell, but it seems that Jordana made up my mind for me, sooner rather than later, perhaps. But what is done? Is done.”
She nodded and went to stand on the other side of the living room, away from the little sunlight that peeked through the slight opening in the curtains. Taking in a deep breath, she began to chant. "Con l'aria, mi sveglio voi… Con il fuoco, i rilasci voi… Con il sangue, io vi invito… Con l'aria, mi sveglio voi… Con il fuoco, i rilasci voi… Con il sangue, io vi invito… Con l'aria, mi sveglio voi… Con il fuoco, i rilasci voi… Con il sangue, io vi invito…” As she continued to chant, her voice rising, I let out a gasp of pain as fire licked up and down my body. White hot pain consumed me, and I writhed on the floor. After what seemed like eternity, the pain increased, and I screamed as darkness closed in on me.

{8102 B.C}

SATHIA

Friasa took the babe out of my arms and placed her on the bed, nodding to me. “Whenever you are ready, you may begin.” Taking in a deep breath, I walked toward the baby and patted her head as I channeled ice into her. Beside me, Friasa rested a hand on the baby’s belly, and I grunted as white light enveloped her. Nodding, I stepped back as the Fruska unclamped one end of the tube. “Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and inserted it into the infant’s mouth. When it was emptied of black blood, she pulled it out and muttered under her breath. Biting into her wrist, she poured her blood down the babe’s throat as her skin turned a nice shade of blue. “That shall do it,” Friasa said and stepped back.
“How long will she remain like this?” I asked.
“A week,” she replied and frowned. “Perhaps two… A month at the most.” I nodded and walked over to the window. Peering out, I stared at the demons wandering about below, going about their business and here and there, causing mischief.
“Let me know when you are done. I will take her.”
“I will,” the Fruska replied, and I scowled as a Da’vrane set one of the imps on fire.

{8088 B.C}

JAILYN

The icy wind whipped against my face as I stared off into the distance; where I could see a narrow opening that led into what looked like a cave. For some reason that was unbeknownst to me, I was drawn to it. I pushed my hand into the snow and grabbed up a large amount of it, packing it into a tight ball. To me, the cold didn’t affect me like the others in the village, and no one knew why. I was cold, but I wasn’t freezing. I stared at my pale hands—the blue veins visible under the skin. Here, in the woods, it was quiet, peaceful. “Jailyn?” Sighing, I looked toward the sound of one of the villagers as she made her way to where I sat. “What are you doing out here?” she asked, stopping in front of me. “Your father told you not to come this far out.”
“He is not my father,” I said and scowled up at her. Well, he was but… “I need fresh air, and I like it here.”
“He sent me to look for you and to bring you home.” She glanced up at the sky. “Night is coming, and he wants you home where it is safe.”
I snorted. “Nowhere is safe,” I said and crushed the snowball in my hand, until it was back to its fine white powder, sifting from between my fingers. “He will be on one of his travels again two nights from now.” I got to my feet and glared at her. “He does not much care for me like the others. He would beat me for my disobedience. Would you care to see my wounds from last time? They are still there.” She shook her head and took a step back.
“Come home,” she pleaded, and I sighed.
“Ten minutes, then I will be on my way.”
She let out a long sigh. “Very well,” she said and walked back the way she came. “I will inform your father of your return,” she said as she disappeared into the trees.
“Of course,” I said with an annoyed sigh. Glancing at the opening of the cave, I scowled at it. Running my hands through my white-blonde hair, I slowly walked toward it. Pausing just before the entrance, I peered inside, silently cursing myself as I stepped through the opening.
The cave was dark, dank, and surprisingly smaller than I had expected. Shivering, I took in a deep breath and walked deeper into the darkness. What I was doing here? I had no idea. I pressed a hand to my stomach as I reached out with the other, grateful when my fingertips found the cold stone wall of the cave. Praying nothing would sting, bite, or hurt me, I followed the strange tugging urge within me. It felt like eternity, as I slowly moved deeper into the cave, kicking things I did not want to know about out of my path. The sudden faint glow of green light hit me, and I almost fell on my face as I let out a startled yelp of surprise. “What in the bloody hell?” I spluttered as I stared at it dubiously. The tug to reach out and pick up what looked like a book soaked in blood and left to dry was so strong that it was painful. Damn, I thought and held back a groan of pain. Hell, maybe I was cursed by some devil after all. I looked around the cave, realizing that the faint green glow did nothing to illuminate the alcove I was standing in. Taking in a deep, shuddering breath, I squeezed my eyes shut, only to snap them open. Someone was watching, and my skin crawled as I continued to resist the urge to reach for the book. The more I resisted, however, the more unbearable the pain became, until I was all but gasping for air. Somehow it knew I was here, and it wasn’t going to let me go so easily. Shaking my head, I shrugged and stepped forward. Reaching out, I picked up the book and held my breath as the faint green glow flashed red before vanishing completely. In total darkness, I shivered as my palms tingled on contact with the book. Knowing I was most likely to die for doing something no sane person would do, I opened it. After all, I was never considered sane to begin with, because a sane person would turn and run for the nearest exit. A sane person would not have picked up the book and open it. For a moment, nothing happened, and then I let out a scream as the book turned to ash in my hands. There was a flash of blinding red light, and I continued to scream as white-hot pain coursed through me. In the distance, there was a loud crack, as if something huge had snapped. I hit the floor as the entire cave shook, causing dust and other debris to fall on and around me. “Little, puny human,” a voice hissed from nearby, and I swallowed my scream, even though pain continued to rage within me. The cave once again shook, and I gasped as claws dug into my arms and hauled me to my feet. Before I could gather myself, there was a burning pain at my neck, and I gasped. Hot blood poured from the wound, and I instinctively covered it with my hand, as if that alone could stop the bleeding. A hiss sounded in my ear, followed by a grunt as the claws around my arm loosened.
“It is about time you summoned me,” a female voice said in amusement. Hands grabbed me before I could fall to the floor. “Jailyn.” I continued to choke on my blood as my entire body seized up, and a burning pain came over me. It felt like my bones were trying to realign themselves, and I silently screamed as she growled something I couldn’t make out in my ear.

{Present Day}

When I came to, I was in a world of agony. My eyes squeezed tightly shut, I moaned, as the scent of my own blood filled my nostrils, and at the painful needle-like stab of magic lingering in the air. I couldn’t even twitch a finger for fuck sake. Nearby, I could hear Freya snarling, and her words came out guttural as she casted another spell. I sucked in a breath, gasping as it settled over me. The pain that I was in lessened enough for me to breathe easily and move. Oh, it was still there, waiting to suffocate me, but for the time being, I’d take any relief I could get. Slowly, I moved into a sitting position, carefully rearranging my poor, limp, bloody wings; until I was sure that I wasn’t going to say, accidentally sit on them. Surrounded by a pool of my own blood, I lifted my head and looked around. At the sight of Casiar sprawled unconscious several feet from me, I almost smiled. “He tried to help me, didn’t he?” I asked and winced at the pain in my throat.
“He did,” Sathia said from behind me. “You should have heard the blistering curses he was throwing at Freya. It was quite… entertaining.”
“I bet it was,” I mumbled as she came around to crouch in front of me.
“You can’t shift back until you’re fully healed.” I nodded and looked over to Freya, who looked like she was in tremendous pain. Sathia smirked. “Let's clean up this blood before the witch loses it completely along with her hold on her magic.” She straightened and held out a hand to me. “And if that happens? She’ll most likely kill us for making her destroy her lovely floor.” I snorted as she pulled me to my feet. Freya growled, and I watched as my blood floated away from me, like peeling off paint. To say the least, the sensation was weird. The barrier rippled as Sathia and I stepped through it. Freya groaned, and I looked over my shoulder at her as I walked into the bathroom and into the shower. Sathia shook her head, closing the bathroom door behind her with a snap.
“My poor wings,” I said, groaning as she lifted them off the floor. Turning on the shower, I pulled off my torn shirt and bra and tossed them into the sink along with the rest of my blood-drenched clothes.
“Incoming,” Sathia warned, and I squeezed my eyes shut a split second before she dumped an entire bottle of body wash over my head. A sudden sharp pain shot through my skull, and I let out a yelp, steadying myself with a hand on the wall. It was there and gone, and I inwardly winced. “I believe that Casiar has awakened,” the Ahzeeki drawled as she gently washed the blood from my wings.
“And he has a massive migraine,” I muttered under my breath. Sathia snorted as the bathroom door opened, and Casiar and Freya walked in. Reaching for the shampoo, I stared at my white-silvery arm, until it turned translucent. A hand landed on my shoulder, and I blinked, cursing as white-hot pain stabbed at me. Since I was in my demon form, I didn’t see to the other side, but still, the pain was a bitch. “What?” I asked, annoyed.
“It would be nice,” Sathia said dryly. “If you didn’t go incorporeal on us.”
“Oh,” I said and scowled at Casiar, who sighed and took his hand off my shoulder, only to snatch the shampoo from my hand.
“Hey,” I spluttered, as he, and my Ahzeeki cleaned me up. Freya, watching from her position at the door, looked like she wanted to either hug us, or kill us. I was betting she wanted to do the latter.
“Here,” Casiar said and held out his wrist to me. Taking it, I buried my fangs in deep and pulled fast and hard. His hot blood sizzled as it went down my throat, and I shuddered as the pain slowly faded. After a moment, I pulled back and glanced at Freya. God damn, she looked like she was in unbearable pain. The shower shut off, and I stepped out as Sathia held my dripping wings aloft. Freya blinked at me as I put my arms around her, dragging her from the bathroom and into the living room. She pulled away from me and scowled. Sathia dropped my wings, and I took in a deep breath before flaring them. When I felt no pain, I inwardly breathed a sigh of relief.
“Freya, release me?” I asked. The witch nodded, and I braced myself for any sudden pain that was to come. Freya bared her fangs at me, and I almost laughed as she stomped into the kitchen. “I love you too, darling,” I said sweetly and looked down at the floor to find it cleared of blood and the circle. “And you worked fast for someone who’s starved out of her mind.” I smirked as she growled in response. Folding my sapphire-blue wings streaked with silver close, I walked into the guest room I used when I stayed over for a night or two and slammed the door before anyone could enter.
“Jailyn!” Sathia yelled.
“Fuck off!” I yelled back and stomped into the closet, wondering what in the ever-loving fuck I was going to wear as a shirt.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

After ten minutes of staring at my clothes, I scowled. Honestly, none of the shirts were loose enough to fit over my wings. Shit, I didn’t have time for this. I had people to kill, a fledgling to throttle, and well, some ass to kick to simply put it. Grabbing the largest shirt I could find, I pulled it over my head and winced as it squished my wings against my body. Shaking my head, I walked from the room and gestured to no one in particular. “A little help would be nice?” Sathia snorted, coming over to where I was standing and turning me around. Taking hold of the back of my shirt, she sliced it with a claw, until there was a slit on either side for me to expand my wings to a more comfortable position.
“Better?” she drawled.
“Much,” I said with a heavy sigh and turned to her. “Thanks, love.”
She scowled. “If you call me that again, I might have to do something you will not approve of,” she warned.
I frowned, and then shrugged. “Freya?” I said and walked into the kitchen. Leaning against the counter, I watched as she downed her… I looked at the trashcan and whistled. I had no idea what bag she was on, but from the looks of her refrigerator, she’d just about cleaned it of blood. Casiar walked up behind her and put a hand on her shoulder, stopping her from reaching for the next bag.
“I believe you could use some vampire blood,” he said quietly and closed the refrigerator. She frowned as he turned her to face him. “Besides, I’m the only one you can safely bite.” Without warning, he grabbed her and tossed her into the living room. Sathia and I watched as he blurred after her, and she hissed as he slammed her into the wall. “Now then,” Casiar said conversationally as he held her immobile with his weight pressed against her. She snarled, her eyes turning white as he wrapped a hand around her throat and squeezed. “We’re going to do this my way, understand?” He stroked her jaw with his thumb, and when she didn’t try to attack him, he slowly removed his hand from around her throat. Freya’s eyes were still pure white, and she looked feverish. What the hell was she doing to herself? It looked like she was about to have an aneurism. Casiar pressed his wrist to her mouth, and Freya sucked in a gasping breath as she sank her fangs in deep and growled. Casiar winced, cursing under his breath as I caught the metallic stink of venom in the air. After a long minute of frantic feeding, Freya eased up on her pull of his blood and drew the venom out with a grimaced, before releasing his wrist and shoving him away with a snarl. Casiar scowled at her as he staggered several steps back.
“The next time you do that,” Freya growled. “Be sure you have a lithium blade in hand.”
“I will remember that in the future,” he growled, and then sighed. Straightening her clothes, Freya walked to the door that led into her lab and opened it. She disappeared inside, and it wasn’t long before she was back out with the globe in her hand and closing the door behind her with a snap and a whoosh. Turning to the counter, I quickly armed myself. Just as I slid my last knife home, my phone went off, and I scowled at the screen. Picking it up, I answered it.
“Hello, Tryn, how may I help you on this fine, fine, lovely night?” I said as I headed for the front door.
“You sound…” On the other end of the line, Trynnadon paused, as if searching for the right word. “Simultaneously enthusiastic and unenthused,” he said dryly as I casted an illusion over myself. To the others, I would look like my normal vampire self.
“Well,” I said as I stepped outside with the others following behind me. “What can I say? I almost burned to death.”
“I would like to hear how you accomplished that sometimes in the near future.”
“Of course,” I drawled. “I would be glad to share the exciting, complicated story.” He grumbled under his breath, and I snorted. “In all seriousness, what can I do for you, protector?”
“Can you see me? I tried to get a hold of the others both mentally and by phone, but none of them are answering.” Cold settled over me, and it wasn’t the cold of the night air. It was the kind that left you empty, emotionless, ready to destroy anything and anyone who stood in your path.
“Where?” I asked, slowly, calmly. Hell, Freya would be proud of me for not growling. The moment he told me, I hung up and teleported, taking Casiar and Freya with me.
Donnica let out a squeak as we appeared in front of her. I almost smiled at the startled, young protector. Catching the knife she threw at me, I walked forward and gave her a gentle squeeze on the arm before handing back her weapon. “Is that a way to greet a Council member?” I chided her, and then chuckled as she winced.
“Sorry,” the blonde vampire said and nodded to Casiar and Freya. “I expected to see my dear old friend, Tristan. Has he finally dropped dead from a heart attack?”
Casiar shook his head and frowned down at her. “I’m sorry to inform you, that he did not. My brother is too stubborn and a pain in my ass to just fall over dead.” He scowled. “Even when I asked nicely.”
“Damn,” she said with a huff.
He eyed her curiously. “You know,” he said conversationally. “I heard a rumor that you like him. Is this true?” I bit back a laugh as she blushed furiously.
“That rumor is moot now,” she spluttered. “He’s happily with Ari.”
Casiar smirked. “Yes, but you still like him, don’t you?”
“I… I…” She continued to splutter as Casiar and Freya chuckled. As for me, I was trying not to laugh.
“You’re still single,” Casiar pointed out. “Not many bad boys around for you to choose from?” Donnica gasped, her dark red eyes going wide. “This is California. I’m sure one will come around.”
“Casiar,” I said, groaning as Donnica just stood there, gaping up at him.
“What?” he asked innocently. “What did I do now?”
“Leave the poor girl alone.”
He frowned at me. “But this is the most fun I’ve had today. Before the bloodshed begins, I like to pick on someone for a bit, and she happens to be my perfect target.” Donnica shook her head, mouthing wordlessly as she pointed her blade at him. “Are you going to stab me with that, sweetheart?” She shook her head vigorously, unable to say anything. “If so, how about I help you out?” His hand flashed, and she gasped as he snatched the blade from her, only to drive it into the heart of a rogue in mid-lunge for a human officer who was standing just feet away from where we were. At the same time, Trynnadon threw his own blade, striking the rogue in her back. She hit the ground hard, hissing in pain as they strode over to her. Donnica blinked—a WTF look on her face. Chuckling, I put a hand on her shoulder and led her and Freya over to Bridget, who was staring at the bleeding, gasping rogue.
“Close your mouth, officer,” I said in amusement and patted her arm. She blinked, snapping her mouth close and turning to look at Freya.
“Keep those fangs away from me,” Bridget muttered as the witch continued to stare at her jugular.
Freya cleared her throat, tearing her gaze away and settling it onto the down rogue. “Forgive me,” she said with a sigh.
“You can bite her, if you like,” Bridget suggested. “I’m sure her blood is more potent than mine.”
“You’re not helping,” I said in an audible whisper.
“Well, I rather she bites the vampire than me,” she said, grumbling as she walked over to the officer that the rogue almost turned into a late night dinner. Once she had him fully engaged in a conversation, Casiar turned to the rogue and gave her an evil smirk.
“Nicely done, protector,” he said in approval to Trynnadon. “Though, I like it if she was able to talk,” he finished and tapped Trynnadon on the thigh with the flat side of a blade. The protector grumbled and reluctantly removed his foot from the rogue’s neck. Freya, Donnica, and I walked over to them as she sucked in a pained breath.
“That hurt, does it not?” Freya asked and nudged at the embedded blade. The rogue gasped, panting as she broke out in sweat. “I will take that as an affirmative.”
“Mmm,” Casiar said with a heavy sigh. “The body has been taken away,” he said in a bored tone. “But we all know what happened here.” He paused. “Don’t we?” The rogue suddenly let out a scream, as blood burst from her eyes and ears. “Shhh,” Casiar said and silenced her. “The fresh scent of your victim’s blood lingers in the air,” he continued, as if narrating a book. “Like a beacon to other predators. You see, my not-so-bright friend, I am a predator of predators, and to me, predator becomes my prey. You understand, don’t you?” He bent, yanking out the blade and pulling her to her feet. Cupping her chin, he forced her to meet his eyes. “To someone like me, everything is more heightened, to the point where it drives some of us insane.” He leaned in and inhaled deeply. “Do you know who I am?” he whispered in her ear. “Or do you need something more… drastic?”
“You’re one of them,” the rogue hissed and let out a shuddering breath.
Casiar straightened and stared at us. “Did you get that?” he asked, arching an eyebrow.
Donnica shrugged. “Them? Who is them?”
“Damn,” he said with a curse. “I should be offended that she can’t even say it.” He growled at the rogue, glaring at her. “Let’s see what we have here,” he said thoughtfully, and before she could even twitch a muscle to react, Casiar bare his fangs and struck with a satisfied growl.
“That is not fair,” Freya said, and I could have sworn she stuck her lower lip out at him. Casiar rolled his eyes, pulling back with a grumble.
“Ulrika’s little minion?” I asked hopefully.
“You’ll never find her,” the rogue snarled.
“Oh, are you so certain about that?” Freya asked with a smile. “Because if you are, you have not been a vampire for long.”
“Twenty-one years,” she hissed and struggled against Casiar.
“Sweetheart,” a female voice said in a soft, gentle tone, and I nearly spun around to stab her. From the looks of it, I wasn’t the only one. Freya who was about to reply, snapped her mouth shut with an audible pop of her jaw. “Twenty-one years? Is not even a blip on the radar.” Ariella Stanton stepped from the shadows and slowly approached us. Her eyes—hidden behind her sunglasses—were once again glowing green, and I almost felt bad for the rogue… almost.
“Who the fuck are you?” the rogue spat, and then grunted in pain as Casiar stabbed a finger into her side.
Ari came to a stop beside Casiar and held out a hand, as if she was going to shake the rogue’s own hand in a friendly gesture of greeting. “I am the shadow that hides amongst shadows. My blade is the last thing you feel as you choke on your own blood, watching as it slipped between your fingers, unaware that you are just a mere second from death’s embrace.” She looked to Casiar and gave him a questioning look. “Is she?”
“Yes, she is matter of a fact, Ulrika’s little minion,” he replied in false cheerfulness, and then he promptly slammed the rogue to the ground, bashing her head into the pavement and knocking her out. “That’s much better. I was getting bored with her wriggling like a worm and getting nowhere.” He straightened, all seriousness back in place. “Is Tristan here?” he asked, and we all peered into the darkness.
“He is,” Ari said after a long moment of silence.
“Is he himself?” I asked nervously.
“If you mean no longer controlled by Ulrika? Then yes. But if you meant coherent and in his right frame of mind? Then no.” She looked to Freya and winced. “I had to uh… steel one of your magical shackles. Hope you don’t mind?”
“It is for a good cause,” Freya replied and shrugged. She glanced down at the unconscious rogue. “May I please eat her now?”
“You guys might need her,” Trynnadon, who remained silent this entire time, pointed out.
She scowled. “A pint will not harm her.”
“I… don’t think she has a pint left in her,” Donnica said and pointed to the large pool of blood seeping into the ground.
“No,” Freya said and moaned.
I patted her on the shoulder and smirked. “Be patient. Before you know it, you will have all the blood you want.” She sighed, grumbling about something as she pulled the globe from her pocket and handed it to me.
“There is one thing she has done for us,” Freya said and walked into the shadows. Frowning, I followed after her. A couple of minutes later, she came to a stop, and I stepped up beside her as she stared at Tristan, who was leaning against a tree with his wrists shackled together. If it were not for the pulsing blue glow around the thick silver cuffs, the streets of California would have been littered with body parts.
“I changed my mind,” Tristan growled. “I do regret turning you.”
Freya smirked, shaking her head. “You only say that due to the predicament you are currently in right at this moment.”
“Is that so?” he growled, and the cold, early spring night air crackled with his fury. I had to get my hands on Ulrika before he could. I had no idea who wanted her dead more. Me? Or him. Of course, we wanted her dead for reasons of our own, and at this moment, I was kind of glad Ari stole one of Freya’s magical devices to restrain him. I held up the blood globe I was holding, and his eyes all but locked onto it as Freya walked toward him, muttering a spell under her breath as she went.
“I need your blood,” she said, resting a hand on his arm. “May I?”
“Of course,” he replied calmly, and given the state he was currently in? It was a sign that people were going to die. Freya hesitated, and she must have casted another spell, because Tristan let out a gasp and doubled over in pain. If she hadn’t slipped an arm around him, he would have fallen to the ground hard. He snarled, as Freya unsheathed a blade and nodded to me.
“Bring me the globe.” Nodding, I walked over and handed it to her. “Hold him,” she said and waited until I was behind him to take the globe from me. In a flash, she stabbed Tristan in the neck, and he screamed in pain and rage as blood spilled onto the globe. As it continued to drip in a steady stream, she chanted unintelligibly under her breath.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

If Tristan wasn’t weakened by the shackles, he would have had his hands around Freya’s throat and choking the life from her. He glared up at us from his prone position on the ground as she wrapped up the locating spell. A few seconds later, what looked like a flaming blue arrow shot into the sky. It rotated three hundred and sixty degrees before it stopped, pointing to my left. “Well then,” I said and pointed up at the arrow. “It looks like we don’t need our friend after all.” A glint entered Freya’s hunger-filled eyes, and she was gone before I could stop her. Ari appeared seconds later, the globe in her hand.
“At least someone is happy,” she said dryly and blinked up at the arrow. “Nice. Did she put her personal touch on it as well?”
“I did,” Freya said from behind me.
“That was fast.”
She sighed. “She did not have much left in her, and I was not about to lick it off the ground.”
“Blame Casiar and Tryn for that.”
“Hey,” Casiar said, sounding slightly offended. “If we’re blaming someone, I’m blaming you for interrupting my fun time with the rogue.” He grumbled. “I was planning to kill her, too.”
“Well,” Ari said with a huff. “Will you forgive me if I apologize?”
“No, because you won’t mean it.”
She smirked. “And you’re probably right,” she said, going over to Tristan and pulling him to his feet. I walked over to them and took the globe from Ari.
“Is it still a no-go on breaking this?” I asked and smirked as Freya let out a groan.
“Break it,” the witch warned. “And I will not make you another one.”
“Not even when I say please with cherry on top?” I asked and pouted at her.
“Not even then,” she said, amused as everyone turned and just… stared blankly at me.
“What?” I asked defensively. Casiar scowled at me. “What?” I repeated and clutched the globe tighter in my hand. Shaking his head and muttering under his breath, he turned to Tristan.
“Are the others coming?” he asked as Donnica and Trynnadon walked over to the officers still on scene. Tristan blinked as Ari helped him to remain upright. Casiar reached out and popped him on the head, jerking his hand back fast before Ari could bite him. Tristan scowled at him and growled. “Are the others coming?” Casiar repeated, and Tristan nodded. “And the children?”
“No,” Tristan hissed, and then glanced at Ari.
“I am staying!” Ari yelled, and he winced and groaned in pain, because she all but burst his eardrums, given the fact that he was leaning against her for support.
“So am I,” Freya said firmly. “I will not let you all go at this alone,” she finished, and the air rippled around us as Allia, Rebecka, Riordan, Elijah, Cailin, and Evelyn appeared onto the scene.
“What a place to have a cozy gathering,” Cailin said and looked around. “At a crime scene, no less.”
“Are they coming as well?” Allia asked, glancing at Ari and Freya.
“Yes!” they exclaimed in unison.
“And you, Jailyn?”
“Excuse me,” I spluttered. “The bitch fucking slaughtered my entire family. Hell fucking yes, I’m coming along. It’s about fucking time that she and I meet.” They all winced, and Riordan whistled.
“Besides this jackass,” Casiar said and kicked Tristan in the leg, hard enough to make him grunt. “Here. All of you have fed?” When silence greeted him, he laughed and shook his head. “Excellent, this will be… an amazing night.” He glanced up at the arrow and frowned. “I’m assuming that it will change direction when necessary?”
“Yes,” Freya said, exasperated. “It will.” Ari wrapped her arms around Tristan, as his growls practically vibrated the air.
“Then, let’s be on our way,” I said and launched myself into the sky.
“I hope you all come back alive!” Bridget yelled up as the others launched themselves after me. Yes, I silently thought. I hope that we do, too.
An eternity later, or perhaps it had been only half an hour, we descended to ground and looked around cautiously. In my pocket, the globe was scorching a golf ball-sized hole into it. Grimacing, I reached in, hissing as I pulled it out. “She’s here,” Elijah growled. We were standing several miles from a lone house, situated atop a small hill… in the middle of nowhere. Of course, I wasn’t stupid enough to just run up there and kick the door in. As much as I hated it, I had to be patient.
“Who’s up for doing some recon?” I asked, glancing around at all the stock-still vampires with me.
“I will,” Ari said and handed a scowling Tristan over to Allia. “I will be quick,” she finished and vanished into the surrounding shadows before any of us could protest. I looked at Tristan, who was staring at the spot where Ari had been a second ago. His rage beat at me, and I winced. Allia, who was holding him up, looked like she was in physical pain. Evelyn closed the distance between them and put her hands on him, leaning in to speak softly in his ear. As she spoke, a wave of calm washed over us all, and some of us, actually let out a sigh of relief. Evelyn gave him a gentle squeeze on the shoulder, stepping back as we felt Ari returning. “We,” she said with a heavy sigh, still cloaked in darkness. “Have a problem.” We turned to the sound of her voice, and I arched an eyebrow in question. “She is holding someone captive, and you will never guess who it is.” At this, I stiffened.
“Who does she have?” I asked and braced myself for the answer.
“She has Alyssa, and…” She paused, and I could feel the hesitation pouring off of her.
“And what?” Freya asked softly.
“I smell a lot of demon blood at one part of the house, and—” I held up a hand, cutting her off as I saw red. He’s trapped in a blood circle, she continued in my mind. There are runes around it, and he is fully transformed. I saw her throwing Alyssa in the circle with him. Freya, Casiar, and Tristan, able to hear everything that Ari had told me, snarled.
“Any witches?” I growled as the smell of ozone filled my nose, and the sound of zapping in my ears.
“Two witches, a few demons, and a lot of vampires. Oh, one more thing.”
“Shoot me?” I asked hopefully.
“Brianna and Lily are also present. I think they were with her when Alyssa was taken.”
I took in a deep, deep breath and nodded. “Freya, Tristan, Casiar, Ari, you guys are with me. The rest of you, kill everything that moves.”
“Got it,” Evelyn said and gestured to the others. “Let’s go.” I reached out, grabbing the chain shackling Tristan and released him. I handed the globe and the shackles to Freya, and then we were running. As we ran, Freya growled unintelligibly, and my ears popped as a whoosh sounded.
“The wards are down,” the witch said, and without pausing, I ran to one of the windows. As I did so, I tasted ozone and smoke at the back of my throat. Taking in a deep breath, I exhaled sharply as bluish-white lightning shot from my mouth. The sound of someone being electrocuted was loud in my ears as the window exploded inward. A split second later, screams could be heard from inside, and I dived through it as a ball of hellfire shot from my hand and incinerated the nearest rogue who was lucky enough to avoid the lightning strike. Allowing the illusion to slip, I flared my wings, beating them as I shot toward the ceiling. In my head, thousands of souls wailed pitifully. Spotting a group of terrified rogue vampires gathered in a room, I inhaled deeply and exhaled, watching as black smoke poured from me, coalescing into shadowy figures as I directed them to kill. I reached out, snagging a soul and growled in annoyance.
“Wrong way, idiot,” I snarled and tossed it into the room. More screams filled my ears, and it was wonderful. As the others cleaned house, I rained in my rage, enough to focus on what I wanted. Opening up my senses to Jesric, I sucked in a sharp breath as I fell to the floor, his hunger for blood slamming into me. “Ow,” I said as one of my horns smashed into a table. Grumbling, I folded my wings and got to my feet, wincing. Fucking damn extra appendages, I silently muttered as I walked to a closed door that was being guarded by two snarling rogues. “Gentleman,” I said conversationally, stopping in front of them. “May I inquire to what, pray tell, could be behind door number one?”
“Whose side are you on?” one of them hissed. Holy son of a motherfucking hell, I wanted to weep at the sheer stupidity of it all.
“You know what?” I asked, taking a step toward them. “I don’t know if I should be ashamed of my vampire race or not. Because you see, when one of you lovely guys go rogue, you seem to turn into a fucking blubbering idiot with no fucking brain to speak of. Tell me, is there anything in that skull of yours?” I grabbed the rogue to my right and knocked on his head, as if I was knocking on a door. “Not a move,” I warned the rogue to my left. “Or I’ll shove that sword of yours so far up your ass; you will be begging me to kill you.” I tapped one of my blue silver-tipped claws on the rogue’s cheek and glared at them. “Since I’m feeling forgiving, I’ll ask again.” I released him and nodded to the door. “What is in there? And I suggest you tell me.” When they remained silent, I growled, grabbing him as I slammed a soul into his partner. “Very well,” I hissed and yanked him close. “You had your chances,” I said, and he let out a bloodcurdling scream as I drove my fangs into his neck and drank deeply of both his blood and essence. Completely drained, I withdrew my fangs and kissed him. Well… almost kissed him as I forced his mouth open and inhaled deeply, pulling his soul into me with a shudder. “God,” I said with a groan. “I fucking hate all of you,” I snarled in annoyance and tossed the lifeless, soulless body into the chaos that was going on behind me. I turned to the second rogue, yanking my soul back out of him. Before I could do anything else, I winced as his blood exploded from him. Damn, that… had to hurt. As I continued to watch, he deflated before my eyes. “Was that necessary?” I asked as Freya, covered in blood, walked toward me.
“Which part are you referring to?” she asked and glanced at the closed door. “The part where I extracted him of his blood? Or the part where I turned his bones to ash and his insides to liquid?”
“Hmm,” I said thoughtfully. “The latter.”
“Yes,” she said and sighed. “It was. I gain satisfaction from doing such a heinous spell to another.” She stepped up to the door and peered at it intently. “There is magic beyond this door,” she said, even though I had already figured that one out on my own.
“Why hasn’t anyone come through it yet?” I asked and scowled.
She shrugged. “Perhaps it is a trap.”
“Oh,” I said with a sigh. “I am ninety-nine percent sure that it is a damn trap.” I frowned as the others joined us. “But what kind is the question,” I said thoughtfully, and then shrugged. “There is only one way to find out.” I looked around at the others. “Who wants to do the honor of kicking it in?” I paused. “Did anyone find the girls?”
“they’re in there,” Ari growled.
“Well,” Rebecka said, sheathing a bloody blade back into its sheath. “We’re not going anywhere just by standing here.”
“By all means,” said Evelyn. “Kick it in.” Freya smirked, putting a foot on the door and slamming it open. Beyond the door was darkness, and we looked at each other, grimacing. Because whatever was on the other side was surely going to be bad. “I’m actually a little afraid,” Evelyn said, smirking. “Can I stick this one out?”
“No,” Freya said in amusement and took her by the arm. “If Jailyn has to go through that door, we all go.” She grumbled, but said nothing else. “Besides, do you not want to see your sire?”
“I want to see her dead,” Evelyn growled and kicked a hole in the wall.
“Don’t we all?” I asked dryly.
“You all do realize that she can hear us, right?” Casiar asked.
“I don’t give a flying fuck if she can, or can’t hear us,” Allia growled.
Casiar held up a hand, before dropping it onto her shoulder. “Just making sure.” She harrumphed and shrugged away from him as I put my illusion back on. They all blinked, shaking their heads as I turned to the door.
“I’m going to regret activating this spell,” I muttered. “I just know it.” Sighing, I stepped through the door.

{2804 B.C}

“Jesric!” I yelled into the night. “Where have you gone off to?”
“He is currently off gathering wood for the fire.”
“I know that,” I said and turned to scowl at Tristan. “I do not appreciate you being here.”
“Of course you do not,” he growled, and I gasped as pain exploded in my head. Clutching at it, I groaned, gasping as the pain intensified.
“What are you doing?” I asked as tears blurred my vision.
“Hmm,” he said thoughtfully. “He is right, but I do wonder…” The pain dissipated, and I continued to gasp and pant.
“You wonder what?” I asked and slowly dropped my hands.
“How far my brother would go to protect you.”
I gulped. “Meaning?” I asked, and before I could think better of it, I held up a hand and smacked him in the chest. He let out a gasp of his own, as I stabbed tendril after tendril of shadow into him. Snarling, he tossed me into the air, and I screamed as I hit the ground hard. His eyes turned white, and I knew that I had bled out somewhere. I quickly got to my feet, shrieking as he lunged for me. A mass of shadows slammed into him, and he screamed as I backed away. Moving in a blur, he was on me, knocking me back onto the ground as his fangs came at my neck fast. Grabbing a sharp stone from the ground, I stabbed it into him, and at the same time, I kneed him in the balls. He let out a feral snarl, jerking away from me as I continued to pummel him with shadows. While he was busy gasping and cursing me, I silently muttered a spell and aimed it at him. As blood burst from his eyes, ears, nose, and mouth, I ran into the woods, even though I knew that I wouldn’t get far. After fifty steps or so, pain slammed into me, knocking me into a tree. He appeared before me, and he growled as I punched him in the throat. The cold of my magic rushed to my hands, and I screamed as fangs sank into my arm. “Never mind!” I screamed. “I do not just hate you! I despise you!” Still screaming in both pain and anger, shadows exploded from me, throwing Tristan into the air and slamming him into the opposite tree. The ground shook beneath my feet, and I began to hyperventilate as panic settled over me. A glowing red tendril that looked a lot like fire shot from my hand and struck Tristan in his side. He let out a bloodcurdling scream, and my own scream joined his as he was all of a sudden on me. Shadow and fire collided as they slammed into him. He went taut, screaming, and then his hand shot out, slamming my head into the tree behind me. It was hard enough that stars broke across my vision, and at the same time, I felt a burning pain at my neck.
Sucking in a sharp breath, I sat bolt upright, my eyes flying open as memories came rushing back to me. “Bloody hell,” I said with a groan. “How long have I been dead?” I asked and looked around. “Tristan!” I shrieked and flashed to my feet, blurring across the room. “Release my son! You son of a bitch!”
“You remembered everything,” Tristan growled and released Jesric, stepping back. I glanced down at my claws, blinking.
“Where is Casiar?” I asked and punched him. This time, he went flying into the wall that was several feet behind him. “Never mind!” I yelled as I felt him entering.
“Leave,” Casiar growled.
“In a minute,” Tristan snarled.
“Do not even dare,” Casiar growled.
“What?” I asked, looking between the two. Faster than I could react, Tristan stabbed his blade into Jesric’s chest. “No!” I screamed as Jesric hit the floor, coughing up blood.
“Since he is like you,” Tristan said and yanked the blade out. “It will take him a while to die. Time for you to decide if you should save him… or not.” With that, he was gone.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

{Present Day}

“A remembrance spell.” Ulrika’s voice floated to us from the darkness, and that alone almost made me want to launch myself at her and tear out her heart. “As you can see, it reveals your deepest pain of the past.”
“You know,” Jesric growled, and I winced as one of the girls let out a whimper at the sound of shattering glass. The globe had finally exploded, if Freya cursing under her breath and the scent of blood was anything to go by. “I’ve had many centuries to reflect on past events and…” he paused, and I had to force myself not to move further into the room. “I’ve had come to the fact that I’m a little grateful that Tristan had tried to kill me on that fateful night.”
“And why is that?” Ulrika drawled.
“Because if he hadn’t, I wouldn’t be around today to watch you die, screaming in agony.” Hands grabbed me, holding me back as he let out a groan of pain. His blood scented the air, and I let out a low growl. Then I froze, as an imp let out a pained squeal, a few seconds before the room lit up with a reddish-blue light. We all coughed as the stink of sulfur slammed into us. Someone hit the light switch, and I covered my eyes with a hand as I slowly walked toward Ulrika. Dropping my hand, I came to a stop before the circle and stared at Jesric, covered in black and red blood. His demon form was gone, and his skin rippled, as if it took all his willpower not to shift. He was on the far side of the circle, as far from the three girls he could possibly get. I glanced at Lily and inwardly winced. The little girl was all but glued to Brianna, her face buried in her sister’s arm. On the other side of the circle, Ulrika stood watching with a witch on either side of her. I almost laughed at the terrified look in the two witch’s eyes, and I was pretty damn sure it was because they recognized Freya. Not by name, perhaps, but stories passed down from generation to generation probably had something to do with it, and like me, pictures of her had gathered over time. The talented witch with ice-blonde hair, master of all forms of magic, turned vampire… yeah, I’d probably be scared shitless, too. “Is that all you got?” Jesric snarled, baring his fangs at Ulrika and the witches. Alyssa, who was slumped unconscious on Brianna’s other side, groaned and slowly pulled herself together. For her part, she remained silent, for which I was grateful.
“You think you have great control over your hunger, don’t you?” Ulrika asked and smirked as he glanced at Alyssa, Lily, and Brianna.
“Who the fuck are you to talk about self-control?” he snarled. “You never had it to begin with.”
“Would you have said the same of Tristan? Allia? Elijah?” She looked to Freya and laughed. “Freya?” At that, the two witches sucked in a sharp breath and cringed.
“You see,” Jesric said with an exasperated sigh. “There’s a difference between you and them.”
“Enlighten me.”
“You know what? I don’t think I will.”
“Well, shall we see who will lose control first?”
“Where are you going with this?” Jesric asked, a warning to his tone.
“Come, Tristan,” Ulrika said, and Tristan let out a gasp. His hands on my shoulders tightened painfully before he released me. “Step into the circle.” Groaning and unable to resist, he did as he was told. Allia’s arms came around Ari, holding her back as she snarled and struggled to get to him. “Tell your child to join you.”
“No,” Freya whispered and stepped back from the circle. “No.” She continued backing away, and she broke out in sweat as she resisted him.
“Command her,” Ulrika snapped.
“This is so like you,” Tristan said, no hint of a growl to his voice as he turned from Freya to face his sire. “Using the bond between us to get your way. Do you really think your witches will be enough of a protection from us?” He glared at her. “During your long, long years of living, traveling, killing, you have not learned a thing, have you?”
“And you have?” she shot back.
“If you have to ask that,” Tristan said softly. “You don’t know me. You don’t know any of us at all.”
“Have you ever been staked, Tristan?” She arched an eyebrow when he remained silent. “I don’t mean stabbed in the heart, I mean staked.”
“You wouldn’t,” Jesric snarled and flashed to his feet.
“I’m curious what will happen, actually.” Ulrika looked around at all of us and shrugged. “Shall we find out?” Ari, who stopped struggling in Allia’s arms, looked horrified.
“Don’t you even fucking dare!” Evelyn yelled, and then grunted as Casiar caught her around the middle, stopping her from crossing the circle.
“Then command your child into the circle with you,” Ulrika said and smirked.
“There is no need,” Freya snarled and vanished, only to reappear in the circle.
“Good,” Ulrika said, and Tristan closed his eyes, looking like he was in pain. “Now, we can begin.” My eyes widened, as Lily jerked back from Brianna. Her sweet blood filled the air as a small cut opened up on her neck.
“You stupid son of a motherfucking bitch!” Brianna screamed as Alyssa bolted across the circle, away from the temptation of blood. To be honest, I didn’t know why she even bothered. This entire room was fucking heavy and thick with it. Though, to be fair, Tristan, Elijah, Allia, Freya, and Ari were looking at Lily, like they had been shot with a plasma gun.
“You,” I said slowly, calmly. “Have gone too, too far.”
“Ah,” said Ulrika. “The infamous Jailyn.”
“The one and only,” I said sweetly. “And you must be the infamous Ulrika, the sadistic bitch.” I blinked, ignoring the pain that shot from the top of my head and down my spine. “Oh, wait. No one knows who the fuck you are but us.” I bared my fangs at her and glared. If glares alone could kill, she would be dead the moment we entered. “So your reputation for being who you are doesn’t really stand.”
“Doesn’t it?” she asked, and I growled as a very deep cut opened up on Brianna’s neck. Alyssa screamed in rage, and Lily shrieked in fright as she reached out to catch Brianna before she could fall back. I moved to cross the circle, but came to an abrupt stop as fire whooshed to life. “How long do you think she will last?” she asked me as more blood gushed from Brianna. Freya gasped and moaned as Tristan held her tight in his arms. Behind him, Jesric had his claws buried deep in Tristan’s shoulder, and I would bet a million dollars that Ari was silently talking to him, distracting him as best she could.
“You expect me to just let her die?” I asked with a smirk and took a step toward the fiery circle. “Have you read up on your demonology to refresh your memory?” Ulrika blinked at me in confusion, and I gave her an evil smile.
“Judging by that blink of confusion,” Casiar drawled. “We will take that to mean, that you have not.” I will distract her, he continued into my mind. Do what you must. She does not have long. “Next time, do your research.”
“You think I’m a fool?” Ulrika snarled as I stepped into the fire and into the circle.
“Me?” Casiar asked with a snort. “Yes, I do.” Dropping down beside Alyssa, Lily, and a dying Brianna, I gave them a questioning look. We do not have time, I silently said into their minds as Ulrika and Casiar continued to argue. I shifted back to my vampire self as I stared at Briana, my stomach clenching in pain. Alyssa and Lily nodded rapidly, and wasting no time, I took their sister from them. Removing her hand from the bleeding wound, I stroked a finger over her cheek.
“Yes or no, Brianna?” I asked both out loud and into her mind. “This is up to you, sweetheart.” Do it, she silently whispered. With a nod, I leaned in and licked the gushing wound close before sinking my fangs into her jugular, quickly draining her of what was left of her blood. Ripping into my wrist, I pressed it to Brianna’s mouth and forced her to swallow as my blood poured down her throat. Before I could pull back to reopen the wound, I felt a slight burning pain and the sensation of blood draining from me. I glanced up, and Freya nodded, even as she struggled to break free from Tristan. After a moment, I pulled back and gently lay Brianna on the blood-coated floor. I looked to Alyssa and Lily, giving them a warning look. If she twitches so much as a finger, you tell me immediately, I silently said to them. Understand? When they nodded, I got to my feet and let out a shrilling whistle that could wake up the dead. Ulrika looked at me, and I gave her a chilling smile as she blinked in shock. Walking to the edge of the circle on her side, I nodded to the witches. “Can they speak?” I asked dryly and waved to the fire. “And this fire? Is no longer necessary.” The fire died, and I shifted back to demon, eyeing her curiously. “I have a question,” I said conversationally and kicked the invisible barrier. “Why did you go to all this trouble?” I asked and nodded to the girls. “Why did you take them? What part do they have in all this?”
“One of them is responsible for opening the gate, and since I didn’t know who was who, I decided to take them all.” She shrugged. “Of course, I now know who is who, but I didn’t when I instructed my men to kidnap them.”
I smirked, my rage simmering just beneath the surface. I had awesome self-control if I had to say so myself. After all, she was still breathing. “I’m curious. How did you break out?” I asked, even though I already knew the answer.
“Your faulty spell.”
I scowled. “I am offended,” I growled and kicked harder at the barrier, smiling inwardly as the witches winced. “By the way, where is your necromancer?”
“I killed him,” she said simply. “After he summoned your son.” By the devil, when this was over, I was so going to find all records of demon and destroy them, because bitches like Ulrika didn’t deserve to know a demon’s true name. “Are you proud of your necromancers, Jailyn?” she asked sweetly.
“Break the circle and we’ll find out,” I growled and slammed into the barrier. “Unless of course,” I said softly. “You’re too afraid to face your children without trapping them in a circle first.” I laughed as rage entered her eyes. “I never took you for a coward.” I shook my head and shrugged. “I guess that even I, can be surprised from time to time.” Ulrika snarled, and I jumped back as a fireball came at me. Catching it, I redirected it to the rune enclosed circle, smirking as it broke with a small pop of displaced air. “You don’t take gibes and barbs very well,” I said slowly and walked toward her. “Do you, Ulrika?”
“Drop the illusion,” she growled as I stopped before her. “Show us all who you really are.”
I stared at her, and it took all my willpower not to rip her apart. It would have been too quick of a death, and in my opinion, she did not deserve such mercy. “Your wish,” I whispered. “Is my command.” I let the illusion drop, and as I did so, I turned translucent, punching her in the face as I became weightless, turning incorporeal as she screamed in rage and fell on her ass. Fucking damn, it felt good to punch someone. As Ulrika continued to scream and curse, Freya was a blur as she launched herself at the witches.
“You,” she snarled and sent an uppercut to the witch on Ulrika’s right, knocking her out. “And you,” she continued and punched the one on the left, hard enough to knock her out. “And I shall spend some quality time together. But for now, goodnight and sleep tight,” she finished and smacked them both upside the head. A second later, they vanished to… who knew where.
“Sorry,” Evelyn said and lunged at Ulrika. “You guys can’t have all the fun,” she growled and bitch-slapped her across the face. I feel like we’re watching a chick-flick, Casiar said in my head, sounding very amused. Behind me, Ari made a choking sound, and I turned to find her giving him a WTF look. Casiar shrugged. I’m just saying. Shaking her head, she came over and joined in the let’s-beat-Ulrika-to-a-bloody-pulp night. It seemed like talking was over. Freya flashed over to Alyssa, Lily, and Brianna, growling and snarling as she stood protectively over them. Blood flew through the air, splattering the walls, floor, and ceiling as growls and snarls filled my ears. Forgoing using any elementals on her, they went at her in a blur of speed, strength, fangs, and in Tristan’s case, claws. Ulrika was putting up a good fight, but even for her, and as powerful she may be, she was up against nine enraged vampires who wanted her dead. Short of killing her, they gave her a taste of everything. Hell, I was surprised she didn’t stop them with a single sire-to-child command. I suddenly gasped in pain, because it felt like my heart was being squeezed by a tight fist. Black dots danced in my vision, as everyone screamed and hit the floor hard. The screaming went on for another ten seconds, and then it was nothing but total silence. Well, apart from Ulrika gasping and hissing in pain and Lily whimpering, it was silent. Every single inch of me hurt as I floated up to the ceiling and scanned the room. I didn’t have to see the red glow of magic around Ulrika to know that she was spelled. Her being conscious alone would have told me so. Unable to turn solid due to the tremendous pain I was in and the stake in Tristan’s heart, I floated to Lily’s side. Sensing me, the little girl looked up. Take your sisters out of the room, sweetie, I silently whispered in her mind. Can you do that for me?
“Will they be okay?” she squeaked and rose shakily to her feet. They will be fine. I’ll make sure of it, I mentally reassured her. Go on now. Move fast. She nodded, grabbing Brianna around the wrist and dragging her from the room. She returned a minute later and hesitated as she stared at all the unconscious vampires. Cringing, she grabbed hold of Alyssa’s wrist and dragged her out. “Remain out there, I silently told her and turned to Ulrika.
“Ulrika,” I said gently, and though she couldn’t see me, I smiled as she blinked against the pull of my voice. “I am done playing your games,” I said quietly. “You have harmed my family too many times for my liking. What you have done, here, this night, I will never forgive you.”
“And you are telling me that Tristan has earned your forgiveness for what he had done to you over four thousand years ago?”
“I’ve forgiven him for killing me, but I will never forgive him for killing my son.”
“Yet, you two seem to get along from what I’ve seen,” she hissed and wheezed in pain.
“He and I,” I said, dropping my voice until it was almost a whisper. “Have a mutual understanding. As for you, however, I will take pleasure in slowly killing you.” I paused, floating over to Tristan and yanking out the stake. I let it drop to the floor as I slipped into his mind. You are awake, are you not? I silently asked and gave him a mental nudge. I am, Tristan silently growled as pain suffused every nerve in his body. He opened his eyes and gave Ulrika an icy glare as the others stirred to wakefulness. Can you move? I asked. I cannot, he replied as Alyssa began to rant. What I am about to do will be agonizing to all of you, I warned. Kill her, he snarled and cut off his connection from his sire. “I plan to,” I said out loud as I floated back to Ulrika. Stopping beside her, I glared down at her as I turned back to being corporeal. She opened her mouth to speak, but instead of words coming out, she screamed as I bent and touched a hot, glowing red finger to her forehead. “That hurt, doesn’t it?” I asked. “When you were slaughtering my human family alongside Soren, did you ever stop to wonder where the baby had gone?” I removed my finger and took a step away from her. “I had a family, but you took them away from me before I even had a chance to know them. After ten thousand years, I still have not forgiven you,” I whispered. “And I never will.” Crouching down beside her, I grabbed her around the throat and growled as hellfire appeared between my fingers. Ulrika let out a bloodcurdling scream, and she wasn’t the only one as the fire slowly moved to her hair and clothes, setting them both ablaze. It wasn’t long before she was fully engulfed. Dropping her, I straightened and exhale sharply. Black smoke poured from my mouth, and I smiled at the lone soul that formed in front of me. “Hello, darling, I believe I have a promise to keep,” I said and let out a feral hiss. “Do I not?”


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

Disgusted, I turned from the fiery sight and walked over to Casiar. I dropped down beside him, shifting back to my vampire self as I looked at him curiously. “I take it that you can’t move, too?” I asked as he continued to scream.
“Blood,” Freya said over the earsplitting screams. Right, I thought and ripped into my wrist, pressing the bleeding wound to his mouth. His screams turned into a snarl, and I gasped as he sank his fangs in and pulled hard. Ulrika let out a long bloodcurdling scream, until it died off with a rasp as death throes finally took her over. Casiar withdrew his fangs, and he, along with Tristan, Allia, Rebecka, Cailin, Riordan, Elijah, and Evelyn, sucked in a sharp breath, holding it as blood burst from their eyes, ears, and nose. All the while, unimaginable pain racked them as they felt her death bond. I pulled back and went over to Freya, who looked over at her sire with anguish, rage, and fear.
“Here,” I said quietly and pushed my wrist against her fully extended fangs. “Help me fully revive the others,” I said as she sat up and pulled back. Nodding, she got to her feet and flashed to Ari. Leaving her to it, I walked over to the spinning soul and snatched it, pulling it back into me with a growl. Feeling utterly annoyed, I exited the room—which was by the way, a bedroom no less—I headed into the ruined living room where Alyssa, Lily, and Brianna were waiting. Outside, the sun was up, and had been for a couple of hours and counting. To say that the living room was a mess? Would be an understatement of the year. It looked like a tornado had torn the place up. Oh, and it looked like a mass murder had taken place here. To be fair, a lot of killings did happen here last night. There were still corpses, body parts, organs, ashes, and blood everywhere. I glanced at Brianna, who was still out, and would remain so until nightfall. Then I looked over at Alyssa and smirked. “I kind of like you this way,” I said to her as she glared up at the demolished ceiling. “What do you say, Lily? Should we leave her like this?”
“No!” Lily shrieked, and I winced, putting up a hand.
“All right,” I said soothingly. “All right, I will feed your sister. Just don’t scream at me again.” She huffed, but nodded as I crouched beside Alyssa.
“Ow!” Alyssa yelled as I poked her in her side hard.
“I’m doing this for your sister. If she were not here, I’d leave you the way you are for a century.”
“Jailyn,” Lily said and groaned.
I smiled inwardly and bit into my wrist, holding the bleeding wound over Alyssa’s mouth. “If you choke, it’s not my problem,” I said and silently laughed as Lily began hitting me. Alyssa frowned, and before she could bite me, I pulled back with a smirk. Catching Lily’s next punch, I snaked an arm around her and lifted the thirteen-year-old off her feet. “I believe it is way, way past your bedtime, little one,” I growled to her as she let out a squeak and instinctively wrapped her arms around my neck.
“Don’t bite me.”
“Now, would I do such a thing?”
“He would,” she said, looking past my shoulder.
“No,” I said slowly, thoughtfully. “Jesric will not bite you, either.”
“Nor will I,” Evelyn said as she appeared in the archway. Glancing around, she came over to me and nodded to Lily. I set the little girl on her feet, giving her shoulder a gentle squeeze as I placed her hand into Evelyn’s outstretched one.
“Go with Evelyn,” I said and glowered at Alyssa. “You too.” Ruffling Lily’s hair, I took a step back from them. “I’ll see to Brianna when she wakes.” I held up a hand as Alyssa opened her mouth to speak. “Don’t start with me, child,” I warned. “I am not in the mood for your frivolous arguments today.” Lily sighed, grabbing the back of Alyssa’s shirt. A split second later, they were gone.
“So,” Jesric said from behind me. “I finally have a sister?” he asked in amusement.
I turned to him and scowled. “I didn’t realize you wanted a brother or a sister. You should have said something.” I walked over, putting a hand on his arm and stared into his glowing red eyes. “Are you still in pain?” I asked and glanced at his bloody wings. Hell, he was covered in it. We all were.
“Am I that obvious?” he asked and grumbled as he stepped back from me.
I arched an eyebrow. “Let’s see here,” I drawled, and he scowled. “Your eyes are red, your wings are out, I can see the silver in your skin when light strikes, and you look like you could use a gallon of blood or two.” He sighed, annoyance crossing his face as he winced. “What is it?”
“Aisley,” he muttered.
“Have you been ignoring her?” I asked and smirked.
He shrugged. “She’s not convinced that I am fine.”
I snorted, shaking my head as I turned to Brianna and lifted her into my arms. “She won’t believe you until she sees you.” I turned back to him. “And,” I said loudly.
“Holy hell.” Jesric and I turned to the voice, and I chuckled as the exasperated look on Sarisa’s face.
“It’s lovely to see you again, love,” I said and walked toward her. “Where is Sergei?”
“With the others setting everything on fire.” She glanced at Brianna and frowned. “Do not tell me…”
I sighed. “Yes, it’s exactly what you think,” I said and walked from the living room with her and Jesric following behind me. “Did someone update you?”
“Cailin did.”
“Are you surprised to see Jesric as he is?” I asked as we stepped outside.
She took in a deep breath and let it out sharply. “To tell you the truth, nothing surprises me anymore.” I nodded, and silence fell as we walked into the trees. Stopping under the thickest shade I could find, I leaned against a trunk and let out a heavy sigh. I stared up at the branches, deep in thought. The more I thought about it, the more I realize that Ulrika had too easy of a death. Hmm, maybe I’d resurrect her, and perhaps this time, I’d let her suffer before I killed her… again. Most would prefer having their eyes gouged out over being burned with hellfire. But sometimes, you didn’t get to pick your method of dying. Fuck, I thought with a groan. Now that she was dead, I had to make damn sure that no necromancers could bring her back to life in another’s body. I sighed. My work was never done, I thought with a fierce scowl. I looked down at the unconscious form of Brianna in my arms, and I wanted to kill Ulrika all over again. Resurrecting her was really beginning to sound like a good idea by the minute. A hand touched my arm, and I glanced up to find Ari watching me curiously.
“A penny for your thoughts?” she asked as Sarisa reached out and wrapped her hands around Jesric’s neck. If her hands weren’t glowing white with her magic, I think I would’ve smacked her on the back of her head. And it wouldn’t be a light smack, either.
“I,” I said with a heavy sigh. “Am wondering what magic Brianna will have awakened in herself.” I looked around and took note of the fact that almost everyone was out, still on high alert for anything. “I know her magic didn’t manifest five years ago but…”
“Sometimes it takes more than one traumatic event for it to spark,” she finished for me in a whisper. I nodded, watching as Tristan and Riordan exited the house with my souls trailing after them. They came over to us, and Ari pulled Tristan to her as Riordan pointed a finger at the souls.
“So Jailyn,” he said conversationally. “Did you leave a few dozens of someone behind?”
I glared at him and shoved his hand back down to his side. “I did not forget them. I was going to grab them when we were ready to leave this shithole of a place,” I said as my souls came to surround me and Brianna, creating a mass of writhing shadows. For once, they were silent and contented. It was either because of the recent killings, or because they didn’t want me to shove them back in the box… so to speak.
“Well,” he said and shrugged. “We will be ready to abandon this shithole of a place when Freya and Casiar join us.”
I grunted. “What are they doing?”
“Checking the area, making sure there aren’t witchy or any kind of magic for that matter lingering around.”
“And there are none to be found,” Freya said and let out a sigh. I nodded, straightening as Casiar came to stand at my side. “The fire is slowly spreading as we speak,” Freya continued. “At your word, I will cease to contain it.” At Tristan’s nod, there was a loud explosion, and the sad structure called a house, went up in flames. Tilting my head back until I was looking up at the sky, I took in a deep breath and exhaled sharply. Bluish-white lightning shot from my mouth and upward, missing the branches altogether as I directed it up toward the sky. It forked through the clouds, turning it dark. Thunder rumbled overhead as I aimed the deadly strike at the fire. As another thunderclap sounded, I released the lightning; watching as it shot past the fire, causing sparks to fly in all directions, setting whatever it touched ablaze.
“What?” I asked and glared at everyone staring at me. “I can’t allow Freya to have all of the fun,” I said, exasperated. “If you don’t mind, I’m going home.” With that said, I teleported.
Appearing in my bathroom, I let out a groan, extremely grateful that I was out of the sun. Not bothering to switch on the light, I turned to the bathtub and gently settled Brianna into it as I willed on the water and plugged the drain. “It’s just you and me, sweetheart,” I said to her. “Let’s get you out of these clothes, shall we?” Yes, I was talking to her, as if she was conscious. After a fucking, shitty ass night and morning I had? Excuse me if I happen to talk to someone who was unresponsive. In my opinion, it was better than talking to a blank wall or the voices in your head. Straightening, I pulled the bathroom door open wider and nodded to it. “Go,” I said to the souls. “Wander about, but do not leave the premises.” The shadowy figures detached themselves from me and floated out the door, going their separate ways. “Zavar!” I shouted. “Watch them!”
“Is the shouting necessary?” Casiar asked, groaning as he closed a door with a snap. Smirking, I closed my own door and turned back to Brianna. Ridding her of her bloody clothes, I submerged her hair in the hot water and washed the blood off her neck and face. Grunting, I lifted her into a sitting position and unplugged the drain, watching as the pink water swirled down it. Shaking my head, I straightened, pulling Brianna up with me as I turned on the shower. The door opened, and I glanced at Casiar as he walked in. Cleaned of blood, he closed the door behind him and came over to the tub. I released Brianna, and he caught her before she could fall and crack her head open… not that I was going to let that happen if he had decided not to catch her. With his help, I quickly but thoroughly cleaned her up.
“Want to settle her in while I get cleaned up myself?” I asked. He grunted, lifting a dripping wet, naked Brianna into his arms and grabbing a towel, before vanishing. Nodding to myself, I stripped out of my clothes and weapons and hopped into the shower that was still running hot. I let out a groan, shuddering as I stood under the spray. I had no idea how long I remained there, but the next thing I knew, the water was cool, and I could feel Jesric’s presence nearby. Closing my eyes, I quickly washed myself of blood and stepped out. Wrapping a towel around myself, I opened my eyes and teleported into my bedroom.
Dropping the towel, I walked naked to my closet and pulled open the door with a scowl. Sighing, I quickly dressed and slammed the closet door shut with a curse. I seriously did not want to do what I was about to do in the next few minutes. “Angry much, are you?” Casiar asked as I turned and walked over to him.
“I’m not angry,” I said and grumbled as he pulled me into his arms. “I’m annoyed. There is a difference.”
“Oh?” he asked and nuzzled my neck.
I sighed, dropping my head onto his shoulder and wrapping my arms around him. “Can I please kill Alyssa?” I asked and groaned.
“Ah,” he said in understanding. “So she is the topic of your annoyance.”
I pulled back slightly and glared up at the ceiling. “She is so! Fucking! Stupid!” I yelled. “Aaahhhh!” I glanced back at him, smirking at the pained expression he was giving me. Snatching the blood bag out of his hand, I ripped into it and silently groaned as the hot liquid went down my throat.
“Feel better?” he asked dryly.
I removed the empty bag from my fangs, crushing it into a misshapen piece of plastic and tossed it into the trash with a sigh. “Yes,” I said and gave him a quick kiss. “I do.” Before I could pull from him completely, he growled and yanked me back to him.
“You cannot do that and expect to get away that easy,” he growled and kissed me. I groaned, his tongue stroking against mine as I wrapped my arms and legs around him. My back met something solid, and one of his hands moved down to cup my ass.
“When is the sun setting?” I asked as he broke the kiss.
He paused, his other hand reaching into my pants. “About an hour from now.”
“Damn,” I said, groaning as his fingers found my opening. Dropping my legs from him and with some difficulty, I managed to drop my pants and step out of them.
“Can you remove the rest of your clothes?” he asked, and I moaned as he slipped a finger inside me.
“Afraid not,” I said as I continued to moan in pleasure.
“Well,” he growled and removed his finger. “Next time, it won’t be a quickie.”
“If you say so,” I said as he unzipped his pants and free himself. “That looks…” I paused, and then smirked as he scowled at me. “Very painful.” I reached out and cupped him, stroking him as he growled.
“You try walking around with an erection for a day straight,” he growled and swelled in my hands.
I frowned at him. “A day?” Snarling, he grabbed my wrists and pulled my hands from him. He grabbed me, and the room blurred as he moved us to the bed. I bounced atop of it, and Casiar caught me before I could fall off of it. Gasping from… well, almost falling, I let out a loud groan as he slipped his finger back inside me from behind and stroked me. Hot pleasure coursed through me, and I moaned. As I grew hotter and wetter as he slipped a second finger inside and stroked in and out of me, my skin rippled, and I shifted before I could stop myself. “Sorry,” I said and laughed, even as he growled in appreciation. Apparently, this time it seemed like I had to work on controlling my shifting. Still growling, Casiar removed his fingers, and I groaned at the feeling of emptiness as he nudged my legs further apart. He stroked a finger over one of my wings as I flared them, ripping my shirt in the process. His hands moving to my waist, he snarled as he buried himself deep inside me with one hard thrust. “Fuck,” I gasped and dug my claws into the mattress.
“I wanted you ever since the spell was lifted,” he growled into my ear, and I moaned as he pounded into me. He moved in and out of me, stroking himself in deep as I met him thrust for thrust. I tightened around him, and he growled as he nuzzled my neck. His fingers found my clit, and he rubbed it in a circle as I let out a gasp, moaning as I came. He continued to pound into me, and I rode the waves of pleasure as he gave a final thrust and came with a snarl. He groaned as he pulsed deep inside me. After a moment, he reluctantly pulled out of me, and I collapsed onto the bed with a groan. Grabbing my torn shirt, he pulled it off of me as he got to his feet with a grumble.
“What are you grumbling about, this time?” I asked as my pants landed on my ass.
“I didn’t get to bite you,” he muttered.
“Awww, you poor baby,” I said sweetly, and then I yelped as he smacked my ass hard. “Ow!” I exclaimed and kicked him. Chuckling, he tossed another one of my shirts over my head and left the room. Mentally shaking my head, I let out a sigh of contentment and smirked.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

Standing on the doorstep of Alyssa’s home, I wanted to shoot myself. Nightfall was in half an hour, and if I wasn’t with Brianna ten minutes before that mark, I was going to splatter the fledgling’s entrails across her lawn, consequences be damned. “I have heard,” Freya said slowly as she finished her scan of the area and came to stand behind me. “That it is polite to knock than just barging in.” I gave her the finger and pounded on the door. It opened a moment later, and I smirked at a very annoyed Alyssa.
“For the record, I can hear you guys perfectly,” the fledgling said and stepped back for us to enter.
“Yes,” Freya said with a sigh. “We know.” Closing the door behind her, she bopped the fledgling on the head as she past. “It is also polite to offer your guests refreshments, dear.”
I chuckled, amused as I followed Alyssa into the living room. Stop, I silently said to Freya, inwardly groaning as the fledgling pointed to the couch. Before she drops dead of embarrassment. Silently laughing, she sat and leaned back, eyeing Alyssa intently.
“Is my sister awake?” Alyssa asked as I perched on the arm of the couch.
“No,” I said patiently. “She is not. When she is, I will let you know.” I stared at her, silently daring her to continue. Honestly, why in the hell did I decide to try and teach her necromancy? I must have been high on souls or something. I inwardly sighed, because I knew exactly why I did it. I gave everyone a chance to study with me, if they were interested in the art. If they couldn’t exceed in the art, I dropped them and helped them find a mentor in whatever primary they were excelled at, and that was that. If one of them was really, and I mean really interested in practicing? He or she had to convince me that they had the aptitude for the dark art. But damn, Alyssa was a failure of epic proportions. I should have dug deeper into her credential history before I took her on. I only thank the devil that she hadn’t fully integrated. Otherwise, I really would kill her without any hesitation or questions asked. The best part? The Vampiric Council couldn’t kill me for killing her, because vampire law didn’t apply to necromancy. I even had a scroll with Tristan’s bloody name on it. “In the meantime,” I drawled as a thick, bound book appeared in my hands. “You are going to read,” I said slowly as the fledgling tried to hide her discomfort. I leaned forward and gently set the book on the coffee table. “Sit your ass down and turn to page 170.” She did as she was told, and I had to smile at the wave of anxiety rolling off of her. “You’re going to be a good little vampire and read that page up to 180. You’re going to read and memorize these incantations and all of these runes. Once you have them memorized, you’re going to practice saying these incantations and drawing each rune onto a piece of paper. You’re not allowed to ask someone else to read it to you, because only you can memorize these spells, and only you can draw these runes. Do not even think to ask Lily to help you.” I reached out and cupped her chin, tilting her head back until she was looking me in the eye. “If you fuck this one up,” I said softly. “There won’t be any part of you left for your family to bury.” Her fear coated the back of my throat, as I continued to stare deeply into her eyes.
“Why don’t you just compel me to read?” she asked and gulped.
“Because, child, you don’t deserve the easy way out.” I dropped my hand and nodded to Freya as I got to my feet and headed for the front door. Alyssa got up and followed us out, stopping just outside the door as I turned to her. “You have forty-eight hours to memorize everything.” She nodded, swallowing hard. “Oh and one more thing.” Her expression went blank as I compelled her like she wanted. “You will not ask those who are able to compel other vampires to influence you into reading, either. Also, you will not ask your sire to use the sire-to-child bond to command you. In fact, you will not seek out any means that will force you to enjoy what you despise most. Is that clear?”
“Yes,” Alyssa replied in a monotone.
“Good,” I said and released her. “Glad we’re still speaking the same language. When your sister is awake and ready to be in the company of others, I will call you.” She nodded, stepping back inside. “Until we meet again, Alyssa, have fun, because this is the last spell you’ll ever learn.” Because I’m going to wipe your mind clean once it’s all said and done, I finished silently as I flashed from her front yard.
“Would it be wrong of me, if I decide to turn back time?” I asked the only person I ever considered a very close, dear friend to me for as long as I could remember.
“Hmm,” Freya said thoughtfully as we launched ourselves into the sky. “I would not blame you if you did. I am sure the balance of nature will understand.”
I snorted. “Easy for you to say. You don’t have to deal with a stupid fledgling.”
“Oh,” she said in amusement as we flew through the sky, the cold wind slapping at our face. “I do have two witches I have to contend with,” she countered.
“Yes, but I’m pretty sure they’re not as dim as Alyssa.”
“Hmm, you are probably right.”
“Speaking of the witches,” I drawled. “Why do you have them? Why not give them to Davina?”
“Oh, do not worry about them,” she said, and for some reason, it sounded like she had something up her sleeve for the two witches. Whatever it was, the next few days? Weeks? Months? Years? Were going to be interesting for sure.
“I’m not,” I replied and smirked. “I was just curious to why you have not killed them yet.”
“Ah,” she said and chuckled. “To be honest, I do not know why I have not killed them as of yet. Perhaps it is because my poor, kind-hearted nature does not permit such violence to another person.”
“Of course,” I said dryly as we descended to the ground. “Right.”
“I am hurt,” Freya said and scowled at me as we stood on the back porch of Tristan and Ari’s home. “What am I to do?” she asked and opened the door.
“Oh, I don’t know,” I said as we entered the house and headed for the living room. "Slaughter bunny rabbits for a start? Ask Jordana, she’ll show you exactly how to dismember the poor creatures.”
“Do I even want to know what brought on this awesome topic of slaughter and dismemberment?” Ari asked from the couch as she typed away on her wireless keyboard.
I went over and dropped down beside her, putting the back of my hand to her cheek when I felt heat radiating off her like a furnace. “Are you feeling all right?” I asked, because I was pretty sure she didn’t raise her body temperature just because.
“I am fine,” she muttered. Freya and I scowled at her, and she sighed, setting the keyboard aside as Tristan appeared out of thin air with an unconscious Brianna in his arms. I arched an eyebrow, and Tristan smirked, coming over and handing her to me. I wrapped my arms around Brianna as he glanced at Ari.
“She told me to bring her here,” he said, and I nodded.
“Actually,” Kira said from the second floor. “We all wanted her here. Well, all of us except for the only asshole in this household.”
“Are you sure you’re not the asshole?” Skyler asked as they came down the stairs with Corinne trailing behind them. Kira opened her mouth to argue, only to snap it shut as Brianna stirred in my arms. Skyler let out a yelp, vanishing into the kitchen, and a second later, we could hear the sounds of plastic, glass, and the opening and closing of various things.
“Let’s move her to a more comfortable place,” Ari said and got up. All of us except Skyler followed her upstairs, down a dark hallway and into one of the guest’s rooms. Only Freya followed me in, and I headed for the bed, lowering Brianna onto it as she let out a groan. After a moment, Ari entered, and she smirked before slamming the door on the others standing in the hall.
“Hey!” Kira exclaimed.
“Shut up,” Corinne hissed. “Before the baby vamp starts crying from sensory overload.”
“Both of you can wait downstairs,” Tristan growled. Ari, Freya, and I looked at each other, and I shook my head as I crouched beside the bed. Before Brianna opened her eyes, I ripped into my wrist and pressed it to her mouth. Forcing her to swallow, I slipped into her mind. Given all the shit that happened at the time I turned her, it had slipped my mind. Better late than never, I said dryly into her head. Tell me, Brianna, what is it that you wish to acquire from me? I always wanted to teleport, she silently mumbled. I smirked. Then that is what you shall get. Now, drink deep, I finished and glanced up to find Ari and Freya watching. I shrugged, wincing as fangs stabbed into my partially healed wrist.
“What did she ask for?” Ari asked and carefully sat on the edge of the bed.
“Teleportation.”
“How come no one asks for something like…?” She paused, frowning in thought. “I don’t know. Something like premonition? Or, shooting fire from your eyes?”
“Who do you know that can shoot fire from their eyes?” I asked and scowled at her.
“No one.”
“Hmm,” I said doubtfully as Brianna slipped back into unconsciousness. Removing my wrist, I licked closed the two tiny punctured wounds and straightened.
“She’ll be fine here,” Ari said and nodded to Brianna. “The girls will make sure of it.” I nodded and stared at her thoughtfully. She shifted uncomfortably and scowled at me. “What?” I inwardly sighed, hoping she wouldn’t punch me. Does Tristan know what happened when he was being controlled by Ulrika? I silently asked. She blinked, and the room crackled as her eyes flashed green with rage. I just thank the devil that I wasn’t the cause of that said rage. Ari closed her eyes, sucking in a deep breath as she pulled herself together. No, she said heavily into my mind. He doesn’t remember anything. Has he asked about it? I asked slowly. He has, but I’ve been avoiding the question. I winced. And I know I should tell him, and I will. I nodded, walking to the door and opening it.
“Let me know the moment she wakes,” I said and stepped from the room, nodding to Tristan as I headed down the stairs. “Freya wasn’t exaggerating when she said you were trying to civilize us,” I said as Skyler poured hot blood into a cup.
“What?” the fledgling asked defensively. “What’s wrong with drinking out of a cup?” I shook my head, amused as I teleported.
“Sarisa,” I said in greeting as I appeared in front of her and caught the blade she threw at me.
“Jailyn,” she said, snatching back her weapon and sheathing it. I fell in step beside her as she continued her way down a sidewalk. “How is Brianna?” she asked, her senses on high alert.
“She is well,” I said and let out a sigh.
“You want to know about Brynna, don’t you?”
“Yes,” I said grumpily. “Do I even want to know?”
“She is driving me insane,” she growled as we turned down another sidewalk.
“That bad, huh?”
She harrumphed. “You know how she is. Elijah had to knock her out a few times.”
I nodded. “No demonish stuff popping up?” I asked. “No sudden glowing green eyes or anything like that?”
“Nothing.”
“Good.” I breathed in the cool air, taking note of Sarisa’s limp. The longer we walked, the more pronounced it became. “I think she needs to start killing again,” I said conversationally.
“I’ve said as much to Elijah, but he wants her off the streets for a while longer.”
“A while longer could very well mean thirty years.”
She winced. “I’d think she’d kill herself long before that due to inactivity.”
I chuckled. “There’s no doubt that she would kill herself. Hunting is all she knows.”
“I think we need to find her a boyfriend.”
I snorted. “You can find her a boyfriend. I am so not getting involved.”
She laughed softly. “I think I’ll leave that task up to Iris. She is more likely not to die.” We walked in silence for a while, each of us in our own thoughts. “Oh, look what we have here,” Sarisa said a minute later. I didn’t have to look around to know that we had stumble upon a rogue out on a hunt. The stink of old blood filling my nose and the back of my throat said it all. It was either a rogue, or someone had died a gruesome death nearby. Since I could hear the frantic pounding of a heartbeat, I was betting it was the former rather than the latter.
“This is what you have been waiting for, I see,” I said as we slowed to a stop.
“What better way to take out your aggression than on a rogue?” she asked as I drew the shadows around myself and vanished from sight. I remained silent, as Sarisa went into hunter mode. The rogue came around the corner, and he came to an abrupt stop as he saw her.
“Hunter,” he hissed and moved into a fighting stance.
“Did you get that from me talking to empty air?” Sarisa asked. “Or did you get that from my good looks?” She slowly walked toward him, stopping close enough for him to grab her if he so chose. But if he did grab her, I was going to split his skull in two. “Since I’m feeling merciful, you get to pick how you will die tonight. Does that sound good to you?” He growled, and she smirked, tapping a finger rhythmically on the hilt of her blade. “You have two choices. Do you want a quick death? Or a slow death?”
“There’s another choice,” he snarled.
“There is?” she asked and tightened her grip around the blade. “Please, do tell.”
“You,” he snarled. “Dying.” He lunged for her, and it took all of my effort not to end him myself as I saw red. Watching her fighting with the rogue, I let my mind wander. I wondered about a lot of things. Every now and then, I hoped for things. But what I hoped for or wished for was a far cry from becoming reality. As Sarisa dispatched the rogue with the ease that came with all hunters, I wondered what the world would be like a hundred years from now, or a thousand. Would there finally be peace? As I thought about these things running around in my head, I came to the realization that in order to have peace, there had to be war.


* * * * * *



Epilogue

FREYA

“It is time to wake up,” I said loudly and focused on the two witch’s blood, until it was a roar in my ears. As their blood began to boil from within, I smiled; watching as they woke with gasps and groans of pain. “Do not speak,” I said and walked toward them. “All you must do is listen. And listen carefully.” Their eyes fluttered open, and their fear was heavy and thick in the air. “At the moment, I am in the possession of your compulsion rings. Therefore, you girls are going to do everything I say.” I met each of their gazes, their expressions going blank as my compulsion washed over them. “You are probably wondering why I have not reported you to Davina or any of the elders on the Witch Council. Here is why.” I paused, inhaling the sweet, sweet scent that was their blood. “They do not take notice when one of their own have gone rogue. So I wonder. What would it take to make them get off their asses and do their job?” I walked over to a table beside the door and picked up two bloodstone rings. Returning to them, I took each of their hand into mine and slid a bloodstone onto their pinky. “What I want you girls to do is quite simple.” I said and step back. “After all, it is something you both excelled at.” I scowled, walking to another table and picking up two small plastic cups the size of shot glasses. Biting into my wrist, I poured my blood into them. “So,” I continued and returned to the two witches, handing each of them a cup. “Here is what I want you to do,” I whispered and forced them to drink. “You two are going to report back to your superior. Yes, I know who she is. I want you to come up with a plan, or a few plans on how you can turn this town into chaos. Then, I want you to enact on those plans. Are my instructions clear?” I asked and took the empty cups from their trembling fingers.
“Yes,” they replied in unison.
“Wonderful. When I release you, both of you are going to forget me, and that it was I, who compelled you. You are going to think that it was your idea all along, and that the time has come to move forward.” I handed them back their compulsion ring as I slipped into their minds. Easing them into a deep sleep, I slid their rings back onto their ring fingers. “When you wake up, you will remember everything except for what I have instructed you to forget. But for now…” I reactivated the spell on their rings as their eyes slid shut. “Rest well. Because I assure you… that you will need it.”


* * * * * *



Author’s Notes

Freya’s story picks up three months after the events that take place in Jailyn’s novella. In her story, I hope I explained a little more about the magic system and how it works. Like the previous two novellas, or all my previous books for that matter, some of the scenes didn’t make it into the story. And like Ari and Jailyn, I had fun writing Freya’s story as well.


* * * * * *



Part III

Freya

“We know what we are, but know not what we may be.”

— William Shakespeare


* * * * * *



Chapter One

The early summer breeze played across my face, as I stared into the rippling water that reflected my own image back to me. Sunlight skimmed across the surface of the lake like broken shards of a mirror, as if trying to capture the beauty of it, only to fail. It beat down on the back of my head and neck, and my eyes burned from the bright glare of it as tears stung the backs of my eyelids. Pulling out my ultra-dark sunglasses, I slipped them on and looked around for any intruders nearby. Seeing no one, I let out a sigh. Of course, I thought. When I wanted to kill someone, no one was available, and when I didn’t want to, everyone wanted my head. Yes, the world was that cruel to me. Can you believe it? I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly as I felt a presence behind me. I didn’t have to turn to know who it was. “You’ve been staring at the water for an hour now,” Ari said, moving to my side.
“The view is pleasant to gaze upon. Do you not agree?”
“I agree,” she said and put an arm around my shoulders. “Tristan says if you don’t return inside, he’ll come out to get you.” Tightening her arm, she pulled me back to the house. “And, I didn’t know you enjoyed sunshine.” We stepped inside, and I silently sighed in relief as Ari slammed the door shut behind us. I pulled away from her and walked into the living room, glancing at Tristan who was sprawled on the floor.
“Have you met a vampire who loves the sun?” I asked dryly.
“Corinne.”
“She does not count,” I said and dropped into an armchair with a grunt. I jabbed my foot into Tristan’s side and smirked as he winced. “What are you doing on the floor?”
“Must you cause me pain?” he growled, closing his hand around my ankle.
“I assure you, I do it for the joy that it gives me.” He sighed, releasing me and rolling onto his side, facing away from me. I leaned forward, resting my elbows on my thighs. “Tristan,” I said, all joking aside. “Are you well?”
“Nothing I can’t handle.”
“That is not what I asked.” Ari came over to Tristan and sat down beside him. He grunted as she gave him a light smack on the shoulder. I removed my sunglasses and set it on the small table that was beside the couch.
“I have a splitting headache,” Tristan finally said after a long minute of silence. I inwardly winced, as he let out a pained groan and slowly sat up, clutching his head. “If I didn’t know better, I would think the universe was conspiring against me at every turn.”
“Dear,” Ari said gently. He gave her a sideways glance. “The universe is conspiring against you.” I smirked as he glared at her. “Sorry,” she said and grinned an evil grin. “Doing anything interesting?” she asked and eyed me curiously.
“Why do you keep eyeing me like that?” I asked and scowled at her.
“Sweetheart, you’re a mystery to her,” Tristan said with a grunt as he got to his feet and walked into the kitchen.
“How am I a mystery to her?” I asked and stared after my sire. Grabbing a couple bags of blood from the fridge, he quickly drained them before turning to me. “You are a mystery to ninety-five percent of the vampire population.”
“Well,” said Ari. “He does have a good reason for that.”
“Really?” She gave me a blank stare, and I chuckled. “All right,” I said and got to my feet. “You have a point.”
“Where are you going?” Tristan asked as I grabbed my sunglasses and slipped them back on.
“I,” I said slowly. “Am going to pay Davina a visit.”
“Send her my regards, won’t you?” he asked with an evil smirk.
“Of course, I will be sure to do that.” The cool rush of magic filled me, and holding an image of Davina in my head and silently uttering a quick spell, I teleported to her.
Appearing in the middle of Davina’s bedroom, I closed my eyes and inhaled the sweet scent of her blood. With a silent sigh, I opened my eyes and stepped through the opened doorway, following the scent of a stirring shifter to another bedroom. Opening the door, I flashed to Amaris’s bedside and crouched as she opened her eyes. Unlike her still sleeping guardian, the werepup senses were attuned to anything that was out of place, and me being here uninvited was one of them. “Freya,” Amaris mumbled and blinked those silver eyes at me before they widened in alarm. I put a cool hand on her shoulder, preventing her from bolting upright as she let out a gasp. Her uncontrolled magic bubbled to the surface, prickling against my palm before rushing up my arm and throughout my entire body.
“Be at ease, little one,” I said softly, gently. I stroked a finger over her cheek and let calm settle over her, even as she whimpered in protest. “Shhh, sleep now, child,” I whispered.
“Don’t hurt Davina,” she pleaded as I slipped into her mind and gently ease her into a deep sleep. Pulling out, I rose and stared down at the little girl, looking peaceful and completely unaware of the dangers around her. She was not a full shifter, nor was she a full witch. I ran my fingers through her black silvery hair and let out a sigh.
“You have seen so little good in a world full of mischief and contempt,” I said softly. “How I wish I could spare you from the pain.” I stared at her a little longer, and then shook my head. Stepping away from the bed, I walked to the opened door. Looking back at Amaris, I gave her a sad smile. “I will not hurt Davina,” I reassured the sleeping girl and quietly closed the door. Back in Davina’s room, I stared at the sleeping witch as I approached the bed. Her subconscious finally registering that something was wrong, her eyes snapped open and she sat bolt upright. I took a step back, as the sound of her heart pounded a frantic rhythm in my ears. Her blood called to me, and my stomach clenched painfully as hunger slammed to the front of my mind. Yet, here I was, thinking that I was doing fine holding it at bay for a while longer. Davina’s emerald-green eyes met mine, and I dodged the red light that was directed toward me.
“What the hell are you doing in my house?” Davina asked as I ducked another spell. “Did you harm Amaris? If you laid a hand on her, I will incinerate you.” Still dodging her spells, I reached into my pocket and palmed a vial filled with florescent blue liquid. Silently muttering a nullifying spell, I threw it at her. The moment it made contact, she let out a yelp of pain, and I smirked as her magic vanished.
“You remember this particular spell I have just casted on you, do you not?” I asked and walked toward her. “I think it is time for us to have a little chat, you and I.” I released the vial and pulled my hand from my pocket.
“What about?” she snapped.
“You, of course.”
“What?” she spluttered and got up from the bed. “How dare—” 
“Oh, I dare,” I said sharply, cutting her off. “Tell me, Davina, have you spotted the black sheep amongst your Vongreeus Coven?” She blinked. “I told you to keep a lookout, did I not?” I leaned in close. “It has been months,” I said quietly. “Months, Davina.”
“I don’t trust vampires,” she hissed.
I straightened and stepped back. “This has nothing to do with trust, you idiot,” I growled. “Your foolishness will be your downfall, and I will not see your coven fall because of you.”
“Don’t tell me how to run my coven.”
“Oh,” I whispered. “I am not.” I reached out and cupped her chin and looked her in the eye. “But do not come to me once you realize the implications of your disregard for the subtleties around you. Remember the sleeping innocent girl sleeping down the hall,” I said and smiled. “Because I hate for anything to happen to her, all because of your misguided actions.” With that, I flashed from her room and into Amaris’s. I picked up the sleeping girl and held her against me, turning as Davina entered the room, only to come to an abrupt halt just inside the door.
“Let her go,” she whispered.
I smiled. “I will in a second.”
She took a step toward me as I bared the little girl’s neck and grazed my fangs along the jugular. “Freya,” she said, gulping. “Please, don’t.”
“I only do this for her safety,” I said and gently bit into the delicate skin. Taking one long pull of the hot, sweet blood, I allowed her essence to flow into me. I withdrew my fangs and licked at the two tiny punctured holes before reluctantly laying Amaris back on the bed. “Do not make me regret what I had just done, Davina,” I warned. “If she comes to any harm, I will know, and I will not be pleased. Have I made myself clear?” Eyes wide, she nodded. Shaking my head, I silently muttered a spell, and as the room faded from around me, I smiled at the witch. If she wasn’t careful, one day, she was going to lose everything.
“Was that necessary?” I asked, appearing just outside Davina’s front door. “Afraid I was going to drain her dry in her own home?”
“I trust you know better than to do such a thing,” Tristan drawled.
I walked toward the sound of his voice, stopping just beyond the shade of trees. “I did not bite her, if that is what you are worried about,” I said to empty air.
“You did not bite Davina,” he countered. “But you did bite her protégé.” He appeared in front of me, carefully keeping himself away from the bright rays of sunlight best he could. “Was she your first?” I hesitated, before reluctantly nodding. “Since the bond is one-sided, it is only a temporary measure.”
“How long?”
“Twenty-four hours if you only took a drop. Given how much you’ve taken, the bond will slowly fade after seventy-two hours.”
“That will not be a problem,” I said with a sigh and inwardly winced at the stabbing pain in my gut. Taking in a deep breath, I focused on the rush of blood pounding in my ears and silently recited an incantation, until I let out a grunt of pain. It felt as if every cell in my body was on fire. It was only for a brief second, but the spell still left me half blind, off balanced, and sweating. Only my sire’s hand on my elbow kept me from doing a header with the rough, hard ground. Wiping the sweat from my eyes and making sure I wasn’t sweating blood, I let out a groan and leaned against Tristan as his arms came around me.
“Do you do this often?” he asked softly as I gave up the fight to hold myself up. His arms tightened around me as I shook my head weakly. I nuzzled his neck and inhaled deeply. Whenever a child was around his or her sire, it was like being five again, unless said sire and child claimed each other as being significant to one another instead of a parent and child relationship. Once claimed as boyfriend and girlfriend, the bond changed slightly. To this day, I still had no idea how the whole bonding system worked. Did you say, “I claim you as my boyfriend or girlfriend” during the turning? Or did the mate bond—once in play—change the entire structure of it? Half unconscious, I groaned as everything went dark. Vertigo came over me, as my sire set me down on my bed. I blinked up at him as he leaned over me with a scowl.
“I will be fine after a couple of hours,” I mumbled. “By nightfall, I will be good as new.”
“I do not approve of your primary,” he muttered, and the bed dipped as he sat down.
“You do not approve of anything I do,” I pointed out matter-of-factly.
“When it comes to inflicting intentional harm to yourself, of course, I will not approve. Now, open your mouth.”
“Mmm,” I mumbled as I slipped halfway into dreamland. My mouth tingling from the hot blood pouring down my throat was the last thing I remembered, before darkness pulled me completely under.
When I woke, it was nightfall, and I could feel Tristan somewhere in the house. Blinking my eyes open, I slowly sat up and slipped out of bed. Other than the loud hum of air conditioning blowing cold air throughout the house, it was silent. I glanced around, realizing that Tristan had stripped me of my weapons and magical paraphernalia. Leaving them where they were, spread out on my tables and dresser, I left my room, silently snarling as I fought with my inner self. “Tristan?” I called as I followed his presence to my lab. Since he couldn’t enter without magic backfiring on him, I found him leaning against the wall beside the partially opened door. “Did you remain here all day?” I asked, stopping before him. At his nod, I scowled at him, as pain flickered in his eyes. “Are you having another headache?” I asked, and then cursed as blood began to trickle from his nose. Pulling a white handkerchief from his pocket, he grunted as he wiped away the blood. “I am going to hunt,” I said and put my hand on his tensed arm. “Would you like to join me?” He straightened, taking my hand into his before teleporting.
We appeared in an alleyway, and I looked around, frowning. Tristan’s hand tightened around my own as I tried to pull away. A second later, I knew why. Two rogues were hissing softly at each other, and I arched an eyebrow in question. They were so into whatever discussion they were having, that none of them realized Tristan and I were standing just yards away from them. I pulled away from him, and this time, he let me go. Too bad I didn’t have any weapons on me, but then again, I didn’t need anything to make them scream or bleed. I could feel Tristan’s eyes on me as I walked up to the rogues. They didn’t notice me until I was practically on top of them. “May I cut in?” I asked conversationally, and I smiled as they instinctively moved into a fighting stance, fangs bared.
“Who the fuck are you?” the shorter of the two hissed.
“We need to work on your manners,” I said with a sigh.
“Don’t make me ask again,” he warned.
“I am Freya,” I said and took another step toward them. “And you are?” I asked, lowering my voice to almost a whisper. They stiffened, growling low in their throats.
“The hell is your problem?” I rolled my eyes.
“You know,” Tristan growled from the shadows. “I cannot speak for Freya, but I am getting tired of that question.” A split second later, a pale hand reached from the darkness, snatching away his friend with not so much as a breeze. My rogue spun about, his eyes wide. I put my hands on his shoulders, and before he could react, I had my arms wrapped around him from behind.
“To answer your question,” I said, tightening my hold around him and nuzzling the side of his neck. “I am hungry, and I consider you as food,” I finished and ripped into him with a growl.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

Completely drained of his vital fluid, the rogue hung limply in my arms. “Hmm,” I said thoughtfully, licking the remaining blood from my mouth.
“Satisfied?” Tristan asked, putting a hand on my shoulder.
“For now,” I said and shrugged.
“Are you just going to hold him all night, revive him, or are you going to kill him?”
“Would you like to do the honor?” I asked as he stepped up beside me. He gave me a blank look, and without so much as a warning, he punched his hand into my rogue’s chest and ripped out his heart. I spluttered, dropping the lifeless body and taking a step back. “You do not know how to give a warning, do you?”
“You should be used to it by now,” he said as the heart burst into flames along with the body.
“Yes yes,” I said with a heavy sigh as we started walking. “How is Ari?” I asked hesitantly, because I did not want my head shoved into a wall if he all of a sudden snapped for one reason or another. For a while, we walked in silence, his aura heavy and oppressive around me. We turned down a relatively quiet street, and for once, no rogues were hanging about.
“She is…” He paused and scowled. “Adjusting. At times, it’s a bit much for her to handle.” We turned down another street, and I blinked at we headed for Seven-Eleven. “I think it helps that the children are around.” Confused to what we were doing here, I opened the door and headed inside. Squinting against the bright light, I looked around and followed him down an aisle. Looking perplex, he walked to the slurpee and stared blankly at it. Shaking his head, he pulled out a large plastic cup and filled it up with the slushy red beverage. Putting a lid on it and sticking a straw in, he handed it to me. “Don’t ask,” he said with a sigh. “It’s for Kira.”
I smirked. “She is forcing you to buy her things now, I see.” He scowled, and I smiled as he muttered something about Ari under his breath. I patted him on the shoulder and followed him around as he picked up more drinks and snacks. “Are these all for Kira?” I asked as we stopped to pay. He shook his head, and he grunted as I elbowed him hard in the side. Blinking, he tore his gaze from the clerk’s jugular and cleared his throat.
“Are those contacts?” the clerk asked, peering curiously at his red-ringed white eyes. I held back a smirk. Damn, if only she knew how very wrong she was. Then I inwardly winced as she looked at me. “And yours?” As she took the cash from Tristan, she blinked, gasping as he grabbed her wrist. Returning her attention to him, she met his eyes, and her expression went blank. “I didn’t see anything unusual,” she said in a monotone.
“Keep the change,” Tristan said and grabbed up the bags and drinks. I waved to the clerk as we headed for the door. Outside, we walked into an alley, and Tristan gave me a questioning look. I nodded, and everything went dark.
“Sweet,” Kira said and leapt to her feet the moment we appeared in Tristan’s living room. She flashed over to me, and I held on tight to the cherry slurpee as she reached for it. “Freya,” she said, all but whining at me.
“Hey,” Skyler said and waved at the drink. “If she can’t have it, can I have it?” Kira glared at her, and I shook my head, amused as I handed the drink to Ari. Raising an eyebrow in question, she took it from me and stared at it thoughtfully.
“Try it,” Kira said and flopped down beside her. “It’s delicious.”
“I have tried it before,” Ari said and handed the drink to her. “I was just deciding if I should give it to you, Skyler, or drink it myself.”
Kira harrumphed and tugged the drink from her hand. “Give me that,” she said with a sigh. Ari smirked and leaned back, looking… drained. Everyone eyed her with concern as they grabbed either drinks or snacks off the coffee table. She didn’t seem to notice, as Tristan dropped down on her other side and rested a cold hand on her forehead. I moved to them and crouched before Ari, taking one of her hot hands into mine. Stroking a thumb over the back of it, I stared into her pitched black eyes, waiting. After a moment, she blinked and looked around. Seeing everyone watching, she let out a groan and tugged her hand out of mine.
“Damn it,” she muttered. “I spaced out again, didn’t I?” she asked as Tristan removed his hand from her.
“Yes,” I said and continued to peer into her eyes. “You did.” I slipped my hands under her shirt and palpated her stomach that tensed beneath my fingers. My hands on either side of her, I dug my fingers in, and she groaned. “Relax,” I said softly. Her stomach quivered under my touch, and I paused, praying that she wouldn’t throw up.
“I’m fine,” she said and took in a deep breath, letting it out slowly. As she did so, I blinked as hot surge of magic rushed from my head, down my arms, and to my hands. She seemed to warp before me, and I blinked as I began to scan her from the inside out. Ari’s blood was a little darker than usual as I focused a beam of cerulean blue light at her heart, her lungs, and every inch of her. Apart from the darker than normal blood, I didn’t see anything abnormal. No extra organs that shouldn’t be there, no baby demons, nothing. Closing my eyes, I pulled back on my magic and removed my hands from Ari. Straightening to my full height, I blinked open my eyes and placed a hand on top of her head. Energies, auras, or whatever you want to call the flow of life, came in all colors and shades, from black, to red, to blue, to gold. Jailyn had once explained to me that spirits see the world in color, and I had theorized that the colors were the energy of all living things. Focusing on my own magic that surrounded me like an ocean of blue waves that battered at my consciousness, I directed a thick tendril of my energy into Ari’s own dark pool of black and red that swirled together in a hypnotic dance of tug-of-war. Ari let out a startled gasp, her body stiffening as my energy zapped her. Removing my hand, I caressed her cheek, and she nuzzled it affectionately. Yes, I could have accomplished the same result by allowing her to bite me and transferred energy via blood, but at the moment, hunger pain stabbed at my gut, and it took all I had in me not to drain the occupants of the room. Blanketed by my own aura and magic, Ari blinked, shaking her head as she sat up straighter. In time, that blue glow would fade, and slowly, she would lose the strength to remain awake for long as fever and pain settled in to claim her.
“If you start to feel weak, you know what to do,” I said quietly, giving her a gentle squeeze on the arm before stepping back. I turned, pausing as Ari touched cool fingers to my elbow.
“Thank you,” she said, and I smiled, nodding.
“It is a pleasure to do what I can to help,” I said and rested a hand over her own. “Never hesitate to ask anything of me,” I continued. “No matter what it is, and no matter how small, or how stupid it sounds to you, feel free to call on me, day or night.” I gave her hand a squeeze before walking to the front door and opening it. Stepping outside, I inhaled the summer night air and launched myself into the sky.
For about an hour, I was alone in the sky, the warm gentle breeze buffeting me as I casually flew through the vast empty space. The scent of old blood was like a punch to my senses, and my stomach churned from the unpleasantness of it. Given that my aura was cloaked, I was no more a fledgling to my pursuer. After all, it was habit to conceal myself from the others who didn’t know me. It was one of the first things Tristan had taught me along with curbing my hunger for blood. Though, the latter didn’t go so well, and though he had not said it out loud, I knew he had regretted turning me, not over the fact that he did turn me, but for all the negatives I have acquired from him. Sometimes, actions spoke more than words. I let out a sigh, hating the fact that my flight through the sky had come to an end. Descending to ground or in this case the bridge, I walked to the railing and stared down into the rushing river below. The rogue landed silently behind me and took a step toward me. I resisted the urge to turn and punch him as he put a hand on my arm. “You don’t look like a hunter,” he growled.
“What do I look like to you?” I asked, not taking my gaze from the water.
“Like someone who could use a drink,” he replied, and if he didn’t remove his hand soon, he was going to lose it. I sidestepped and slowly turned to face him. Old blood stained the front of his shirt as well as his mouth and chin.
“Do you do this often?” I asked. “Walk up to total strangers and proclaim that they could use a drink?”
He shrugged. “You’re new, so thought I’d help out.”
“I see,” I said thoughtfully. “So you are the type to help those who looked like they are in distress?”
He again shrugged. “What can I say? I like to help out.”
“I can see that,” I said dryly and smirked. “But you are correct,” I continued as unease enter his eyes. “I could use a drink.” I shrugged and shoved my hands into my pockets. “Do you have a place you frequent?”
“No,” he said slowly and took a step away from me.
I frowned. “What is it?” I asked, knowing full well the reasons for his discomfort.
“You’re not really a fledgling, are you?” he asked, taking another step away from me.
I arched an eyebrow, amused. “Now, what made you come to that conclusion?”
“It’s the way you talk.” I chuckled, closing my fingers around a needle in my pocket. “And the way you hold yourself.” Pulling out my hand, I held it out to him. He hesitated, before reaching out to shake it. As he made to withdraw, I tightened my grip, though not to the point of pain like I wanted to.
“You are right to be wary of me,” I said and pulled my other hand from my pocket. At one end of the two-inch silver needle was a magnet, and it stuck to my thumb as if pulled there. The rogue hissed as I slowly pushed it into his wrist. “You are a messy, messy eater, my friend,” I finished as his eyes clouded over with pain.
“What did you do to me?” he asked as he wheezed for breath.
“It is a little something I created,” I said and withdrew the needle, placing it back in its tiny plastic container and slipping it back into my pocket. “It will give you something other than blood to occupy your mind.” An imp suddenly scuttled onto the bridge, catching the rogue before he could fall into the river. “Take him to my lab and secure him.”
“Can I play with him until you get back?” Rozalia asked hopefully, her green eyes glowing brighter if it was possible.
I smirked. “Yes, you may, but do not kill him.” The imp let out an excited squeal before disappearing in a flash of fire, taking the unconscious rogue with her.
“Still up to your old tricks, I see.”
“I was beginning to wonder when you would make your appearance…” I paused. “Rory.”
“Freya,” he said in greeting as he stepped from the shadows and crossed the bridge, until he was standing in front of me. “You look the same as ever,” he drawled.
“I can say the same of you,” I said as he dropped the cloak that hid his aura. I did the same to my own, and the air crackled around us, causing lightning to flash in the sky. I stared at him, studying him intently while he did the same to me. My hands flashed, and he growled as I grabbed him and yanked him close. He stiffened as I leaned in, nuzzling his throat and inhaling deeply. I did this for a few more seconds before releasing him and groaning. Tilting my head back, I pressed my fingers into my eyes and sucked in a lungful of air. Rory let out a heavy sigh, wrapping his cool fingers around my wrists and pulling my hands from my eyes. I blinked and glared at him. “This is why you have not come to see me until now,” I said and scowled. He released me, running his fingers through his short golden-blond hair.
“I had to.”
“You know the Council frowns upon a killing of a sire.”
He grunted. “It’s one of the reasons why I came down here.”
“Hmm,” I said and looked around us. “Do I even want to know what the other reasons are?”
He smirked. “Probably not.”
“I thought as much,” I said with a sigh and turned back to the river. Placing my hands on the railing, I held back a shiver as he ran his fingers through my hair.
“Still like the water too, I see,” he said and nuzzled the side of my neck. I groaned, from both pleasure and my hunger for blood. “After all these years, you still want me,” he said and chuckled. He slipped his hand under my shirt and bra, and I hissed as he cupped one of my breasts and circled my nipple with his fingers. “Up for a quickie?” he asked, and I shuddered as his fangs grazed the back of my neck. Seeing red and heat gathering between my legs, it was more like I was going to kill him instead. Rory paused in fondling my breast, and he cupped my chin with his free hand, turning my head until he could see my eyes. I gripped the steel railing and bared my fangs, growling low in my throat. “I’ll take that as a yes,” he growled and removed his hand from my shirt, only to slip it into my pants. Releasing his grip from my chin, he pressed up against me, and I gasped, hissing as his fingers found my opening. Sliding two fingers inside me, I leaned forward slightly, moaning as he moved in and out of me. If we end up in the river, I was going to kill him for sure. Removing his fingers, he pulled back from me, and I groaned as I felt cool air against me. I glanced down as my pants slowly slid down my legs. “You don’t have anything in your pockets that could shatter, do you?” Unable to speak, I shook my head as my pants disappeared. Rory gently set them down beside us as I fought the urge to pounce on him and drain him. “I know you have vials in here so.” He straightened, and I groaned as he pushed a finger inside me from behind. “Next time,” he growled in my ear. “You can kill me.” I moaned, growling as he kicked my legs open wider. Nuzzling me, I stiffened as I felt his fangs. Ignoring this, he sank them in deep and pulled long and hard. Pleasure slammed into me, and I gasped, panting as he growled and entered me with one hard thrust. I arched into him, alternating between moaning and snarling as he pounded in and out of me. Withdrawing his fangs, he took a fistful of my hair, turning my head and kissing me. Growling, I sucked at his tongue, blood filling my mouth as my fangs sliced at it. My pleasure built, and I slammed back against him, snarling as he broke the kiss. Gripping my waist, he drove himself faster and harder into me, and I snarled as I tightened around him. The railing creaked ominously as I tightened my hold on it and pushed against it as I came with a loud moan. Thrusting into me a final time, Rory stiffened, and I rode the waves of pleasure as he spilled himself inside me with a growl. His arms encircled me, and he nuzzled my neck, holding me up as I went limp in his arms. I, I growled into his mind. Am going to kill you. Still deep inside me, I groaned as he went hard. You are impossible. “You like me just the way I am,” he growled as I slowly released the railing. Muttering under his breath, he slowly pulled out of me, and I squeezed my eyes shut as my pants reappeared on me. Too bad there was no bathroom nearby, I thought as I turned in his arms. My eyes automatically went to his jugular, and I snarled. He let out a curse, grunting in pain as I buried my fangs into him. His hot blood slid down my throat, and I growled, even as one of his hands went to my neck and slowly squeezed.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

Blood spilled from my mouth as I struggled to breathe. Rory’s hands around my throat were unyielding and painful, not allowing me to breathe or move my head as he held me against the railing. Still seeing red, I reached up and wrapped my hands around his wrist and squeezed. Reaching up with his free hand, he covered one of my own, stroking his thumb over the pulse in my wrist. “You don’t want to hurt me, sweetheart,” he said gently, calmly. The rush of blood was a roar in my ears, and it was a wonder I could still understand what he was saying. “You don’t want to hurt me,” he repeated and loosened his hold around my throat. “Focus for me, Freya. Reach for the comfort of your magic.” Gasping in air, I took in a deep breath through my nose as I squeezed my eyes shut. “Seek the comfort of your magic,” Rory said softly and pulled me into his arms. It took all I had in me not to bite him again as I nuzzled his neck. Instead, I reached deep into myself, until I found the cool pool of my magic. Taking a deep shuddering breath, I dived into the soothing depths, allowing it to surround me. For a moment, we remained in silence, and Rory arms tightened around me as I lifted my head and slowly drew in the scent of human blood. I also caught the distinctive scent of death magic as Jailyn crossed the bridge with a hand on the male human’s shoulder.
“I see that you two have made up,” the necromancer drawled, bringing the human to a stop just out of my grabbing range. Leaving him where he was, she stepped up beside us and rested a cool hand on my cheek. You know he won’t let you slip away this time, right? She asked into my head, the sound of amusement in her mental voice. I scowled at her, and she smirked. If Ari can handle all of Tristan, he can handle you. I blinked, and she ducked my punch, pulling away from me as she laughed.
“Should I even ask?” Rory muttered and reluctantly dropped his arms from me as I pulled away from him, my stomach painfully clenching and unclenching as I resisted the urge to rip into the human. For one, this wasn’t an inmate from death row who wouldn’t be missed if I drained him. A quick glimpse into his mind told me that he had a loving family to go home to. I could feel Rory and Jailyn’s intense gaze on me as I went over to the human and pulled him into my embrace. Nuzzling him, I inhaled deeply, growling as I sank my fangs into his neck and pulled hard. Gulping down the hot blood, I snarled as the human went limp in my arms a long minute later. It felt like only a mere second to me as I swallowed another mouthful of his blood. The icy cold touch of death magic slammed into me, and I grunted, biting harder as I growled. Jailyn’s hands encircled my neck, and I sucked in a sharp breath, choking as for the second time in one night, blood spilled from my mouth as I released the human, allowing Rory to pull him away from me. Jailyn’s death magic swirled into me, and I groaned as I was frozen from the inside out. She released my neck, only to take me into her arms as I violently shook. She must have said something to Rory, because he gave a nod, and everything went dark. And it wasn’t the darkness of teleportation.
I blinked my eyes open, groaning as I tasted vampire blood in my mouth. The sound of chains scraping floor met my ears as I slowly moved into a sitting position. I didn’t need to feel the charge in the air or look around to know that I wasn’t alone. “So,” Jailyn said from across the room. “Rory is outside your front door.” She smirked. “I would invite him in, but I don’t think you want him stepping over the threshold and explode.” I winced. “And I had no way of knowing if you added him to your…” She paused and frowned. “Magical security system.” She inclined her head, and then winced. “I believe Tristan has just arrived,” she said slowly, and I grunted as a tendril of shadow came at me. It struck the chains, and I squeezed my eyes shut as they flared bright red before dropping from around me. Grimacing, I got to my feet and pressed my fingers into my eyes as I slowly opened them. Jailyn opened the heavy steel door that led into my holding cell, and we stepped from the room, heading for the opened front door. Outside, I leaned against the porch railing and watched as Tristan and Rory had a stare-down. It went on for who knew how long before a dark green card appeared in Tristan’s hand. It was made out of plastic and the size of a credit card. Instead of card numbers, the expiration date, or the security code on it; it had the Council’s logo of a hand holding a bloody heart at the top left, and a simple, ‘You have been summoned.’ Along with the name of whoever was being summoned, a date, and a time. On my other side, Jailyn let out a grunt and nodded. Without a word, one of Tristan’s hands glowed blue as a shard of ice appeared, the point sharp as a blade. He quickly carved on the card, a tiny orange spark flickering as it burned the letters onto it. The smell of burnt plastic rode the night air as he handed it to Rory, who groaned and reluctantly took it and shoved it into his pocket. Tristan stared at him for a minute longer, before turning and walked down the steps onto my driveway. Giving me a nod, he launched himself into the sky and disappeared from sight.
“Let me see,” I said and held out my hand to Rory. Pulling the card from his pocket, he handed it to me. I glanced at it and winced. “I suppose it could be worse,” I said and as he plucked it from me.
“Look at it this way,” Jailyn said and smirked. “You got a week to prepare. Everyone else only get three days.”
“Lucky me,” Rory muttered and glanced at the opened front door. He walked to it and paused, reaching out a hand and touching the invisible barrier. I stepped up beside him, and he gave me a questioning look as I pulled his hand back and turned it until I could see the veins in his wrist.
“May I?” I asked as magic rushed to my fingertips. Jailyn’s pale hand came into view, and I nodded as she held a plastic cup under his wrist. Rory nodded, and he winced as I pressed my thumb lightly into his skin. My magic, on the other hand, continued digging in, until blood was flowing into the cup in a slow steady trickle. When it was full, I drew back on my magic, and I watched as his wrist healed. Rory took my hand into his and gave it a firm squeeze, and I blinked, realizing that both he and Jailyn were watching me intently. Right, I silently thought. No biting. I took the cup of blood from Jailyn and stepped inside. Walking farther into the house, I headed down the hall. I could all but feel Rory’s unspoken question at my back, and I smirked. Yes, I could have placed the all access rune next to the entrance rune, but anybody—with or without a brain—could throw something at it and destroy it. Therefore, deactivating my hard work in keeping this place locked up tight. And yes, I may be a witch and a vampire, but I wasn’t allowing anyone to just open the door and walk into my private space. Stopping in front of a wall, I reached up and traced a finger over the outline of the infinity symbol. It was the size of my hand, pulsing and swirling a hypnotic blue of my signature. Taking a step back, I tossed the blood onto the rune, nodding in satisfaction when no drop missed the mark. My ears popped as the spell glowed a brilliant blue, before dimming back to its original pulsing swirling self as it recognized the blood. Since this was an all access rune as I like to call it, it also activated the entrance rune that was on the wall beside both the front and the back door. You may enter, I said into Rory’s mind. He knew the moment my wards recognized him, but it was not wise to enter until whoever put up the wards gave the all clear. You did not want to enter a warded home, only to find yourself in the middle of a maelstrom, skinned alive, zapped to death, burned to death, or any other nasty surprises. I turned, flashing to the second floor and headed to my library. I plucked Rozalia from one of the bookshelves and glared at her.
“What?” the imp asked and smacked me upside the head with one of her wings. “Let me go.” I loosened my hold from her horn, and she flapped her wings to remain in the air. Snatching Harry Potter from her hands, I set the book on the table behind me and continued to glare at her. Rozalia let out a huff, sparks flying from her mouth as she flew toward the opened doorway. “I still have four chapters to read,” she complained as Rory and Jailyn entered. “And I’m at the good part.” Jailyn picked up the opened Harry Potter book, and she smirked as she began to read.
“These books are so amusing,” the necromancer said as Rory read over her shoulder. “I don’t suppose you have a wand, Freya?” she asked and held up the book as a shield, preventing me from punching her. “And I don’t suppose you fly around on a broomstick, either?” Rory chuckled, and he held up his hands as I glared at him. Jailyn closed the book and set it back onto the shelf with the other HP books and turned to me. Shaking my head, I walked over to my writing desk in the corner, reaching over to the window and pushing it open wider. I glared out at the rising sun for a moment, and then I let the curtain drop back into place as I slowly sat in my chair. I picked up a purple notebook and flipped idly through it as Rory checked his phone while Jailyn attempted to play the violin. To be honest, she was terrible at it. My phone vibrated from my pocket, and she stopped plucking as I pulled it out and answered it.
“Nolita?” I said in greeting. “What is it?”
“Can I walk down the street to Starbucks and grab a coffee without rogues trailing me?” the witch asked, sounding very annoyed. “I would blast them off the face of the earth but.”
“I give her permission to blast them into a million pieces,” Jailyn said, raising her voice to be heard over the phone.
“Thanks, but I think I’ll wait for them to make the first move…”
“Nolita?” I asked as she trailed off.
“I think they’re going to eat the customers,” she said slowly. Jailyn groaned, signaling for me to end the call.
“We will be there shortly,” I said and hung up, shoving the phone back into my pocket as I got to my feet.
“Which Starbucks?” Jailyn asked, placing the violin and bow carefully back in its case and snapping it shut.
“Probably the nearest one to us,” Rory said, a split second before everything went dark.
Appearing across the street from Starbucks, I did a quick scan of our surroundings. Slipping on my sunglasses, I crossed the street and opened the door and went inside while Rory and Jailyn remained outside. From the corner table, Nolita waved to me, a Vanilla Bean Frappuccino sitting in front of her. I went over and pulled out a chair, tugging the drink out of her hand as I sat. She scowled at me as I took a sip of the cold, sweet beverage. “Can I just point out that it’s rude to steal my drink without asking?” I smirked as she pulled the drink back to her, sticking the straw between her lips. “And,” she continued, her bloodstone ring glinting in the sunlight that streamed through the window. “Do you think it needs more vanilla? I think it has too much milk.” I blinked at her. She held up a hand, shaking her head. “Never mind,” she said with a sigh. “Why do I even bother with you old folks?”
“Are you implying that I am old?” I asked and glared at her.
“You’re ancient,” she spluttered. “You’re like… four hundred years old.”
I smiled. “Well, I am deeply touched.” She harrumphed, and then her bright green eyes widened as the gleam of a blade pressed against her throat. The rogue grabbed a fistful of her strawberry-blonde hair, yanking her head back until her neck was exposed. The seven customers along with the barista froze, their eyes going wide in horror. Their fear coated the back of my throat, and the two rogues standing behind Nolita flared their nostrils and growled.
“I didn’t even get to finish my drink,” the witch said angrily. “You fuckers owe me five dollars.” She let out a yelp as the blade pressed in deeper, and I silently groaned as beads of blood appeared on the carbon steel.
“Outside,” one of the rogues hissed and pulled her out of the chair.
“Good idea,” Nolita hissed as they dragged her to the door that Brianna held open. The rogue not holding Nolita stepped up beside Brianna and backhanded her. Suddenly, all I could hear was the roar of blood in my ears as everything went red. Saliva surged in my mouth, and I growled low in my throat. Knowing that Rory or Jailyn would take care of the humans; I slowly rose from my chair and calmly walked outside. Jailyn stood behind the rogue who struck Brianna, her arm around his neck.
“You have just offended me greatly,” the necromancer said softly into his ear. “Do you realize how angry you just made me? You do not strike one of mine and walk away.” She released the rogue, but before she could do more, a furious Brianna grabbed him by the throat, yanking him to her and slamming his head through the window of the coffee shop. From inside, the customers screamed, and I stepped to the side as Rory flashed through the doorway. Given whom her sire was; Brianna was stronger and faster than the average fledgling, even if she was only three months old. Her fangs bared, she snarled and pulled the screaming rogue from the mess of broken glass and bit savagely into his neck. The rogue holding Nolita suddenly let out a scream, and I glanced over to find her hand around his wrist that was holding the blade as her magic charged the air around us.
“Word of advice,” the witch said and stepped away from him. “Next time, do a research on the witch you plan to kill.” She smirked. “Because you never know if you’re going to win or lose until it is too late.” She released him as he continued to scream. She waved to him and stepped back into Starbucks, and I smiled as the rogue slowly disintegrated, his skin peeling away as his insides shriveled up. A beam of purple light shot through the opened doorway, striking the dying rogue and causing him to explode into nothing but ash that blew away in a gust of wind. Out the corner of my eye, Brianna dug her nails into her rogue’s neck and tore off his head with a snarl.
“Well,” Jailyn said conversationally. “I don’t know if I should be terrified or proud of you.”
Brianna wiped blood from her face, panting as she looked around. “That was…” She frowned, as if searching for the right word.
“Exhilarating?”
“Yes.” Nolita reappeared beside me, her drink in hand as she glared at the rogue she had just combust into a billion particles.
“Exciting morning if I have to say so myself,” the witch said cheerfully. I scowled at her. “What?”
“It has not been a pleasant morning for me,” I growled.
“Awww, poor Freya. She didn’t have her morning coffee yet. Whatever shall we do?”
“Keep talking,” I warned.
“Or what?” she challenged and sipped at her drink.
“Who’s going to pay for the broken window?” Rory asked before I could get a word out.
“Call the office,” Jailyn said and turned to look out onto the streets. “They’ll send a team out.”
“Sorry,” Brianna muttered.
“I’m not complaining,” Rory said and chuckled. “It was quite entertaining.”
The fledgling snorted. “Of course, it was,” she said dryly. “Anything involving grievous bodily harm is entertaining to all of you.”
“Precisely,” Jailyn said, and everything went dark as she teleported, taking us with her.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

Nolita let out a yell, setting the drink on the table and throwing up her hands in exasperation. “You and teleporting!” she exclaimed. “And without warning!” She glared at each vampire, her eyes narrowed. “What if I choked on my drink and die from asphyxiation before either of you could save me?”
“Technically,” Brianna said, walking to the small sink I had out on my back porch and turning the water on. “We could save you, because teleporting only takes a split second.”
“Bri! You are not helping my case!”
“I didn’t know I was supposed to help you out?”
Nolita growled, picking up her drink and flopping into a chair with a curse. “You vamps are so annoying,” she muttered. “No one talk to me.” I arched an eyebrow, handing Brianna a hand towel. She took it from me and nodded her thanks as she dried herself off.
“So,” the fledgling said and glanced around. “Lily won’t stop asking me about you teaching her magic.”
“Ah,” I said and smiled in amusement. “I can see her today, if she is ready.”
Brianna nodded, taking the bag of blood Jailyn was holding out to her. “I can bring her over after school. She has a half day today.” She frowned. “Where do you want me to bring her?” she asked slowly.
“Bring her here to my home,” I said and smirked as she blinked. Nodding, she bit into the plastic bag.
“Should I give Alyssa another chance at necromancy?” Jailyn asked with an evil smirk.
“Fuck!” Nolita shouted, and we winced. “No!”
“I will have to agree with Nolita,” I said and glared at the necromancer. “She cannot seem to grasp the importance of magic.”
“Guys,” Jailyn said dryly, holding up a hand. “I’m not that stupid, you know.” She sighed. “I wouldn’t let that child near a god damn box of matchsticks.” She glared at the screen door that led outside. “I will, however, find a mentor for her primary.” She glanced at me. “Maybe I’ll ask Jude.”
I smirked. “Good luck,” I said, shaking my head. “I have a feeling that you will need it.” Jailyn grumbled something under her breath, turning to the back door and opening it before stepping inside. Nolita got up and followed her, looking surprised as the invisible, magical barrier allowed her to pass.
“What was that about?” Brianna asked, staring after the witch.
“See for yourself,” I said and nodded to the opened door. Hesitating for only a few seconds, she slowly walked over and let out a startled gasp as she came up against an impenetrable barrier. Coming up behind her, I placed my hands on her shoulders, giving her a warning squeeze. “One of the rules involving witches or any magic users…” I gently pulled her away from the door, and she turned to eye me nervously. “Never enter a home without checking for any wards.” She nodded. “And, to be on the safe side, I recommend that you do not step onto the property at all.”
“But I’m here.”
I smiled. “That you are.”
“How come I’m not… I don’t know, bleeding from my eyes?”
“Because, I have not warded the grounds itself. Given the in-and-out of vampires, witches, and all who visits me on an almost daily base, I do not want any accidental… misunderstanding.”
The fledgling snorted. “No worries there,” she said dryly. “Pain to vampires and all them is like being stab with a blunt needle.”
“Brianna,” I said chidingly and smiled as she winced. “Do not underestimate magic and how far it can push someone’s pain tolerance, even against one of the strongest of the strongest.”
“I know,” she said with a sigh. “I know.” She turned back to the door and frowned at it.
“Allow me,” I said and took her hand into mine. My magic rushed to my own hands, and her eyes widened as I zeroed in on her blood and pulled at it.
“What are—?” She let out a gasp as her blood slowly pooled in my palm. My hunger rose sharply, and my vision tunneled as I stepped over the threshold. I pressed my bloody hand over a rune shaped door that was beside the actual door, and there was a slight shift in the air. “Can I come in?”
I nodded. “But do not go far.” Brianna nodded and entered, coming to an abrupt stop about five feet in. Since she was standing in a short hallway, the invisible five feet line in all direction only applied in front of her. The only option was to either go forward or back the way she came in.
“Here,” Jailyn said, appearing out of nowhere and holding out a shot glass sized plastic cup to her. Brianna took it with a frown, and the necromancer smirked. “Time to tap a vein, sweetling.”
“But,” the fledgling spluttered and shifted back a step as she saw me eyeing the hammering pulse in her neck. “She just took some of my blood not a couple of seconds ago.”
“Yes, she did.” Suddenly, I was hit with an icy blast of magic. It felt like someone had thrown a bucket full of ice cubes at me. Blinking and hissing, I turned and slammed into a purple, transparent-like shield that shimmered and rippled the air. The roar of blood and the frantic pounding of multiple hearts were loud in my ears, and I had no idea what anyone was saying. Nolita had her hands out toward me, and I grunted, snarling as a hail of ice came at me like bullets. To add to the pain and my utter annoyance, she was emptying my freezer of ice, too. To be honest, being pelted with icicles hurt like a bitch. Nolita gasped as I broke through her shield, and pain flared in her eyes as she backed away from me. The ice storm abruptly stopped, and I staggered as pain exploded in my head. I clutched at it as the pain increase, and I bared my fangs, snarling. This wasn’t Tristan’s doing, and I was a little surprised to find that the magic was coming from Brianna. I turned to the fledgling, and I didn’t know who was more surprised by the strength of her magic… her, Jailyn, Nolita, or me. Of course, any witch could cripple another person with a spell or two, but given the magnitude of pain I was in, it would take more than at least three witches to cast. Blood burst from my eyes and ears, and I grunted, gasping as black dots danced before my vision. If the pain continued to build, I was going to start leaking brains along with my blood. My world spun out from under me, but before I could hit the floor, arms came around me, and I was suddenly surrounded in the aura and scent of my sire. Since he wasn’t groaning or moaning, he had to be blocking himself from feeling the pain I was in. Brianna’s pained gasp sounded so far away as Jailyn knocked her out, breaking the spell she had upon me and acquiring the blood needed for the all access rune. She vanished into thin air, only to reappear a few seconds later, my ears popping as the spells recognized Brianna’s blood. I sucked in a sharp breath, groaning as the pain slowly dissipated, leaving a headache in its place. I dropped my hands and rested my head on Tristan’s shoulder, slowly breathing in and out as I gathered myself… or tried to. There was a curse from behind me, and I smiled into Tristan’s neck as Rory came to a stop beside us.
“I think I need to switch rank,” the spy said dryly. “I seem to miss all the fun.” He held out a slip of paper to Tristan, and my sire stiffened. I pulled back slightly and arched an eyebrow at the amount there. “If you like, I can always compel the owner.”
“What is that?” Ari asked, plucking the paper out of his hand.
“We had a little… incident,” Jailyn said and shrugged.
“I wouldn’t call the incident little,” Nolita muttered as she cleaned up the melted ice and blood from my floor. She could have finished the job with a simple spell, but she was on her hands and knees as she wiped the floor with bleach and other cleaning products; cleaning products that caused my eyes to water. Jailyn had a hand over her eyes, and I was betting that she had them squeezed tightly shut against the stinging pain. I wiped the blood from my face and winced as I felt Ari’s rising hunger along with anger.
“What incident?” Ari asked slowly. With her eyes still shut, Jailyn went to Ari’s side and put a hand on her arm, leading her into the living room. With the exception of Nolita, we followed them, Rory picking up Brianna as he past. He gently put the fledgling on the couch and sat on the arm of it. Jailyn pushed Ari down onto another couch, and I pulled away from Tristan to sit beside her.
“This,” Rory growled. “Is what happened.” A vision of the event earlier this morning flashed in my mind’s eye, and when it was over, Tristan let out a growl, and Ari’s eyes were glowing green. She still hadn’t mastered hiding the demon side of herself, and I wondered if she could.
“I don’t know what to think anymore,” she said with a weary sigh, and like a switch being flipped, all the energy seemed to drain from her as she slumped back on the couch and closed her eyes. I put my hand on her arm, and the heat radiating off of her seeped into me. My stomach clenched painfully, and my vision went dark.
When I came to, I let out a groan of pain. I was on the floor, my wrists held in Rory’s grip behind my back. “Oh,” Ari said with a heavy sigh. “You really do need to feed.”
“No shit,” Nolita muttered.
“Are you offering to donate, love?” Jailyn asked.
“Oh, hell no.”
“Off,” I growled.
“Let her up,” Jailyn said and came over to us. Since Ari was talking and not say, yelling and cursing, I knew that I hadn’t hurt her. Rory slowly released his hold on me, and it took all my willpower to remain on the floor and not attack. Jailyn reached out and flipped me onto my back, and I blinked at her. She shrugged as I pushed myself into a sitting position. I looked around, a little relieved that nothing was broken or smashed. Tristan flashed over to us and crouched before me. I grunted as he pulled me against him, and without any prompting from him, I sank my fangs into his neck with a growl. His hot blood fizzed its way down my throat, and I silently groaned as I pulled fast and hard. After another long pull, I felt Jailyn behind me, and I grunted as she jabbed her fingers into my cheeks. I swallowed my mouthful of blood before I could choke and pulled back, growling at her. “Hey, none of that,” she said and popped me lightly upside my head. I pulled away from Tristan and got to my feet as I licked at the remaining blood. My sire blinked slowly as he followed me up, and this time, it was him that everyone eyed carefully. He walked to Ari, giving her a quick, hot kiss before disappearing into thin air.
“I did not need to wake up to that,” Brianna spluttered as she rubbed at her temples.
“I can assure you, the feeling was mutual,” I said dryly.
She sat up and swung her feet to the floor, eyeing me thoughtfully. “Is it too much to hope that you’ll have coke in your refrigerator?”
I just stared at her blankly. “I do not,” I said slowly. “I, however, have water.”
“But,” she spluttered.
“I only have blood, red wine, or water.” I said and shrugged. She could teleport her own bottle or can of coke from anywhere in the world but… I wasn’t going to be the one to tell her that. Grumbling about old vampires and their strange behavior, she got up and went into the kitchen.
I glanced down at myself and winced. Sighing, I headed for my bathroom and stripping out of my clothes, I jumped into the shower and quickly washed myself of blood. At the same time, I made sure that Rory couldn’t follow me. Because if he decided to join me… well, I wasn’t going to get much done. Much as I would love to reunite with him… so to speak, I had a few witches and vampires to deal with. I sighed and ran my hands through my dripping wet hair. There were one or two witches that I wanted to get my hands on, because three months ago, when Ulrika had staked Tristan and all but incapacitated every nearby vampire in the vicinity at the time, the spell that kept her from shrieking her head off held firm. Since I took the two witches that were with her out of commission, the spell should have broken. And, since it did not weaken or unravel like it should have, there were a couple more players out and about. Yes, I may be a vampire and a witch, but at the moment, I was not happy with the magic community. Oh, if Davina didn’t have daughters—both biological and adopted—I would have killed her by now. However, if she didn’t step up in her role as one of the elders, I would have to do something quite… heinous. Something like… killing Carolyn, but then, that would start a war between the vampires and the witches. Since California wasn’t the only state with covens, the war would be a brutal, bloody one. The New York Covens for instance, weren’t so disorganized like California, and they were not… weak, to simply put it. And, if I had to be honest with myself, I was highly insulted by the display of magical strength in individuals. They may be a force when congregated, but the moment a witch was alone with no help to back him or her up, it was like the magic inside dwindled down to the size of a flickering candle. It was painful to my poor witchy heart as I stood by and watched. Think of magic as a pool of energy, and the energy was like water swirling and crashing about like waves. Whatever color you have decided on this… pool of energy, it became your signature when casting spells. And, casting a spell wasn’t as simple as thinking ‘die’ and the person you directed the word at would just drop dead. If that were the case, not many would be living today. Casting a spell required concentration both on the physical and mental front. And some spells required more concentration than others. For one, the witch, or any magic user for that matter, had to reach for that pool of energy deep down and pull on it, and at the same time, picture what the spell was supposed to do and willed it to happen. The trick with that, however, if the casting went right, the magic users would feel energy traveling to say, their hands and outward if they were casting a fireball, and if you wanted a firestorm, it required more energy and willpower to do it. It was why spoken words were used as one of the focusing tools. Of course, not all magic required spells to be spoken out loud to take effect, and some required the power of will alone to work. Hell, some spells only took a tiny amount of energy and maybe a snap. But alas, the witches here were acting like newly apprentices who were just starting out and had no idea of what they could accomplished… if only they tried just a little bit harder. One of the great things about being both vampire and witch was that, if I were dealing with witch business, the vampire laws didn’t apply, and if I were dealing with vampire business, the witch laws didn’t apply. To simply put it, one couldn’t take precedence over the other. “Freya?” Jailyn called through the bathroom door as she tapped on it. “Are you alive in there?” Fuck, I silently muttered as I blinked, shaking my head as I shut off the ice-cold shower and stepped out. Wrapping a towel around myself, I opened the door and took in a deep breath through my nose, letting it out in a long, suffering sigh. The necromancer stepped aside, and I walked to my closet and yanked it open. “May I inquire to what has you so lost in thought?” she asked as I quickly dressed. When I didn’t answer, she sighed. “Very well,” she said slowly. “May I help in any way?” I picked up the towel and stepped from my closet, tossing it into the bathroom.
“I will be sure to call upon you if I require any assistance,” I said and finger-combed my hair. After a long minute of silence, she nodded. “Has everyone gone?”
“I’m the only one here.” I nodded and headed out of my bedroom. “Brianna has gone to pick up Lily. It’s late in the afternoon, but I didn’t think you would mind.”
“I do not,” I said with a heavy sigh and opened my refrigerator, grabbing a couple bags of blood. “It will help me clear my mind.” I think, I added silently as I sank my fangs into the first bag. For the sake of not scaring the poor little girl on her first day here, I was hoping that I didn’t go into, as the fledglings would say, kill-you mode.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

Sensing the approach of a vampire and another witch coming up my driveway, I walked to my front door and opened it. Jailyn and I watched as Brianna and Lily walked up the steps, bags of food and drinks in their hands. They stopped before the door, and I reached out, taking the drink from Lily. She looked like she was about to drop it as she struggled with her heavy-looking backpack. “What on earth do you have in there?” Jailyn asked as Brianna entered and headed for the living room. Since Lily didn’t follow her sister inside, I guessed that Brianna had told her on the way here. I gave the drink to Jailyn and held out my hand to Lily.
“It is nice to meet you,” I said as she placed her warm one into mine.
“I think we met before,” she said, and I smiled.
“We have,” I said, wishing it was under better circumstances that first time around. Flipping her hand over until I could see the vein in her wrist, I held my hand under it as I pressed my thumb lightly against the pulse I could hear and feel. As I gently pushed magic into her and pulled her blood to the surface and through the delicate skin, I seriously gave thoughts to the fact that I had to give these girls a work-around to the spells that would allow them entrance. “Wait here,” I said and released her. Careful not to spill the blood cupped in my other hand, I walked to the infinity rune and tossed the blood onto it. As it disappeared into the rune, I flashed back to the front door and reached out, putting a hand on Lily’s shoulder and guiding her inside. I led her to the living room as the door slammed shut behind us. Dropping my hand from her, I walked to the closed door of my lab and leaned against it.
“Are you all right?” Jailyn asked under her breath as she came to stand beside me. I gave the barest of a nod, watching as the sisters ate, and every now and then shooting nervous glances our way. I reached behind me and opened the door. Jailyn put a hand on my arm, and I paused, halfway turned to the opened door. “I’m going to take my leave now. If you need anything, call one of us.”
“I will,” I said as she walked toward the girls. I stepped through the darkened doorway and took the twenty steps down to my lab.
Walking over to one of the tables, I picked up two bloodstone rings and frowned down at them. In my four thousand years of living… well, more than that, I had not picked up the hobby of carving. I reached up and rubbed at my temple, wondering if someone like Ari knew how to carve, or inscribe, or engrave, or cut, or whatever in the hell jewelers did when putting designs onto their products. Hmm, I thought and scowled. Dropping into a chair, I leaned back and stared up at the ceiling. The more I thought about it, it was most likely that none of the vampires I knew had such a thing in their list of talents. If they did, they hid it well. Letting out a heavy sigh, I reached out and knocked on Ari’s metaphorical door. Since I didn’t want my brain fried, I did not push into her mind like I would have done before the attack. I was still angry about it, and would remain so until the Kreeto was dead. Hmm, Ari said sleepily into my mind, and I had no idea if that was a good thing or a bad thing. Are you well? I silently asked. Mmhmm, she replied unconvincingly. Is Tristan with you? Mmm, she said, and I scowled. I mentally reached for Rozalia, and a few seconds later, she appeared beside me in a flash of fire. Sitting up straighter in my chair, I nodded to the stairs. “I trust that you will watch them while I am gone?” I asked, and she nodded. Picking up a white spiral notebook, I handed it to the imp along with the rings. “Give these to them.” I picked up a red pencil and dropped it on top of the notebook. Rozalia caught it before it could roll to the floor. “Inform Lily that she is to draw.”
“Draw what?” Rozalia asked curiously.
I shrugged. “She will know what to do.” The imp nodded and flew up the stairs. “If any harm comes to them,” I warned. “I will not be pleased in the slightest.” Closing my eyes, I took in a deep breath and rose to my feet. Picturing Ari in my mind and opening up my senses to her, my magic filled the room as I pulled myself to her location.
I appeared in what looked like a fallout bomb shelter, and I blinked at Ari who was sitting in the center of it. “I am afraid to ask,” I said slowly as she looked up, multicolored wires and fragments of circuitry things in front and around her. “Should you be doing that in the state you are in?” I continued as I studied her flushed complexion. I took a couple of steps back as she carefully inserted a thin, green wire into what looked like an egg-shaped object, except an egg didn’t have a bunch of wires sticking from it. If she was going to blow things up in here, I wanted to be far, far away as possible from her.
“Well,” she said slowly, inserting the tip of a red wire into the egg. “I need something to do and sleeping all day is not it.” She set the egg-shaped bomb on the table beside her and got up from the floor. Putting things back into a couple of plastic bins and setting one on the table, she turned and walked toward me. She took one of my hands into her hot one and teleported. We appeared outside, and as the hot sun beat down on us, she grimaced. I pulled her into my arms, and she sighed into my neck, snuggling into my cool embrace.
“I take it that you do not appreciate summer?” I asked.
“I think we all hate the hot weather,” she muttered.
“I don’t,” Kira said and stepped out onto the front steps, closing the door behind her.
“Kira,” I said in amusement. “Where are you headed, dear?”
“I’m off to HQ if you must know.”
“Then we shall join you.”
She blinked. “Okay?” She hesitated. “Tristan won’t be happy.”
“Like I have a care in the world if he’s happy or not?” Ari asked and grumbled. She pulled back from me slightly and winced. “He’s never happy.”
“Excuse me,” the fledgling spluttered. “I care very much about his mood. I still like to remain breathing, you know.” We turned to her fully and just stared at her. “What?” she asked and stomped down the walkway toward us.
“You?” Ari asked and blinked slowly at her. “Breathing? When has that ever been at the top of your survival list?” Kira continued to splutter as she passed us, and Ari turned and put a hand on her shoulder, halting her. With her other hand still on my arm, everything went dark as she teleported. Damn, I thought with an inward sigh. At this rate, I didn’t think I would have the time to teach Lily magic. Just because she needed rune to work her power, it did not mean she wouldn’t one day lose control in highly stressful situations. Very few witches were able to tap into their mental state and create runes in their minds, and at the same time hold the magic needed to charge the rune for long. It was like a necromancer holding a demon trapped in a summoning circle by will alone. Hell, Jailyn made it look so god damn easy. Lily, I knew, would one day be able to do this. But like everyone else, she needed training and a lot of practice to master it. I swear that by nightfall, I was going to end up killing someone. Tristan, sitting at his desk, wasn’t far behind me on that thought as we appeared in his office. He, too, looked like he was going to kill someone before the day was over, and I had an idea who was on top of his to-kill list. Ari pulled away from me and put her arms around him from behind. “Don’t look so murderous,” she said and nuzzled his neck. Giving him a kiss on the cheek, she straightened and walked to the freezer. Opening it, she stuck her head inside with a grateful sigh. “Snicker ice-cream?” she asked and groaned.
“Hey,” Kira said defensively. “They’re delicious.”
“Only to someone like you,” she mumbled and pulled her head out of the freezer with a couple of freeze pops in her hand. Closing the freezer and pulling open one of the desk’s drawers, she rummaged around inside and came out with a pair of scissors. Kira… wisely took a couple of steps away from her, as if Ari was going to turn around and stab her. I went over to Ari and placed my hand on her arm. She stiffened, but didn’t pull away as my magic rose. She let out a grunt as it slammed into her like a boosting shockwave of energy.
“How many souls have you taken today?” I asked and dropped my hand from her.
She let out a shudder and sat on the edge of the desk. “Two. I was going to go for three but…” She shrugged. “Jailyn said I shouldn’t unless I wanted to screw the trees.”
“Oh, dear,” I said as Kira snorted and burst out laughing. Tristan blinked, but said nothing.
“Have you figured out how many souls you need daily?”
“I did, actually,” she said and smirked. I smiled when she didn’t continue.
“Twenty?” Kira asked, and Tristan’s eyes went wide. Ari choked on the freeze pop, coughing as she glared at the fledgling.
“My, my,” I said and held back another smile. “You are just asking to be smacked, are you not?”
“I—” Kira let out a small scream as she dodged the paperweight Ari threw at her head. It smashed into the wall behind her and shattered into a million shards of glass. Tristan sighed and glared at the wall in front of him.
“You owe me a new one,” he growled, and then scowled at Ari. “I was fond of that one.”
Ari harrumphed, and then shrugged. “I’ll buy you another one.” She shot Kira another glare and threw a pair of scissors at her. This time, the fledgling wasn’t fast enough to dodge out of the way.
“Ow!” Kira yelled as they struck her upper arm. Blood scented the air, and I silently groaned. Tristan closed his eyes and took in a deep breath, letting it out with a growl. Catching the scissor before it could hit the floor, Kira threw it back at Ari, and I caught it before dropping it onto the desk. Ari narrowed her eyes on Kira, and then shook her head.
“If not twenty, then what?” I asked before she decided to throw something else at the fledgling.
Ari sighed. “Four.” I whistled and held up my hands as she glared at me. “Not a word,” she warned.
“I was not going to say a thing,” I said and gave her a knowing smile.
“Not a word,” she repeated and blushed. Tristan looked like he was holding back a laugh, and he, too, held up his hands defensively as Ari turned her glare on him.
“I believe that is my cue to take my leave,” I said, walking to the door and opening it. “If you require anything of me, you all know where to find me.” Closing the door with a soft snap, I headed down the hall.
“Rory,” I said and smirked as I stepped into the elevator. Holding it open, I waited. A second later, there was a strong breeze that lifted my hair from my shoulders. Arms came around me, pulling me back and forcing me to release my hold on the elevator. “Sneaking around is unbecoming of you,” I said and turned in his arms. Before he could reply, the elevator sped upward, and I would have fallen if he hadn’t held onto me. Steadying myself, I glared up at the cameras. The elevator door slid open, and we stepped out onto the first sublevel floor. Pulling away from Rory, I kept pace with him as he opened a door at the end of the hall and stepped inside. Sven looked up from whatever he was reading and nodded to me as the door closed behind us. I glanced between him and Rory as I slowly sat in one of the chairs by the window. “You know,” I said with a heavy sigh. “I am over four thousand years old, and right at this moment, I feel like I have just been called to the principal’s office. Care to tell me what this is all about? Before I decide to kick both of your asses, perhaps?” Sven’s neutral expression turned to rage, and I stared at him in confusion, my vision going red at the heavy aggression in the air. Rory’s eyes went from red to black in a split second, and I had no idea who was going to make the first move. As Sven’s rage built, the light overhead sizzled and went out with a pop. After a long moment, he reached for something on his desk and turned to me.
“I cannot decide,” he said slowly and calmly. “If Davina is stupid or truly insane.” He held something in his hand, and it took all I had in me not to snatch whatever it was from him.
“Let me see it,” I said softly, and he hesitated. Dread settled over me, and I stiffened, baring my fangs in warning. Sven glanced at Rory, and then opened his hand. I sucked in a sharp breath, gasping as I stared at the silver ring that had a blue sapphire stone embedded in it. It was a ring that I knew way too well, because I had made it for someone over two hundred years ago. A ringing began in my ears, and my vision darkened as I struggled to hold back my beast. My magic surged out of me, and the building shook as I doubled over, falling to the floor as I snarled and tried to calm myself. Someone plucked me up, and I let out a scream as everything went dark. I only registered the purple haze of the abyss as I continued to scream in rage. The pillars I could see cracked in two and crashed to the ground as my magic went haywire, destroying everything around me. I wanted to tear something apart, bite something, but there was no living thing nearby. And in such a place like the abyss, I knew there was nothing living here. The sound of rushing blood was a roar in my ears as I continued to scream and destroy more pillars. Debris whirled through the air, creating a windstorm as fire rose up around me. If there were any creatures nearby that had blood circulating through them, it would have exploded from their bodies like geysers. Such a shame, too, because I wanted to so badly rip into someone… anyone. At this point, I didn’t really care who that someone was. Blood burst from my eyes, nose, and ears as I let out a feral snarl. My head felt like someone had taken a drill to it and was repeatedly drilling holes into my skull. I took in a deep breath and let out a bloodcurdling shriek. The edges of my vision darkened, and oh… Davina was so dead. Even though she hadn’t killed my only child I ever sired, she had forever sealed her fate with me.
“Freya,” Jailyn said in my ear as she ran her fingers through my hair. “Wake up, love.” I slowly opened my eyes and stared at the blue, silver-streaked span of one of her wings. Rage simmered just beneath the surface, but this time, I held myself in check. Jailyn shifted slightly, and I realized that she was holding me in her arms. I glanced down and saw the dark red handcuffs around my wrists, and I sighed. We were no longer in the abyss, and I didn’t have to look up to know that Jailyn wasn’t the only one in the room with me.
“Did I hurt anyone?” I growled and rolled away from her onto my back.
“Apart from seriously hurting Tristan, Ari, Rory, and Sven?” She hesitated. “You did inflict minor injuries to a whole lot of other vampires.” I grimaced, because I couldn’t remember hurting anyone. “It was before I jumped you to the abyss.”
I nodded and with difficulty, I slowly sat up. “Davina has gone too far,” I said and looked around, realizing that we were in one of her guest’s rooms.
“Yes,” Jailyn said quietly. “She has.” I looked to Sven leaning against the door and held out my bound hands to him. He came forward and pressed the ring into one of them, nodding to me as he stepped back.
“Whatever you decide to do, I will stand by you,” he growled, and his eyes briefly flashed white.
“As will I,” Jailyn growled. “No one touches one of ours without repercussions. Davina should have known better.”
“But yet,” I said softly. “She has decided to take my child as leverage.” I glanced up at Tristan before looking back at Jailyn. “So in turn,” I whispered. “I will take away what is most precious to her. After all…” I slipped the ring into my pocket and gave an evil smile. “It is only fair.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

About an hour later, I was still wearing the handcuffs, and Jailyn was still in her demon form. Rory had stripped me of all my weapons, and I growled in annoyance. “Will you not release me?” I asked and glared at them.
“Once I am sure that you will not slaughter the entire state to get her back,” Jailyn said, and I snapped the small chain connecting the handcuffs together. Before I could do anything, however, Tristan slammed me to the floor, and I snarled. His forearm came down on my throat, preventing me from biting him. The door opened, and Ari entered with a couple of humans in front of her. Still snarling, I fought against Tristan’s hold on me, and he grunted, growling as he struggled to keep me restrained. Ari flashed over to us, and I screamed as she added her strength to his. Unable to move, I bared my fangs and glared up at Tristan, panting. Rory brought one of the humans over to me, and she knelt down beside me and held out her wrist. I would have snapped at her, but it was kind of hard to do, because Ari had an arm around my neck from behind as she held me tightly against her. Rory pressed the human’s wrist to my fangs, and I growled as I sank them in and pulled long and hard. As the hot blood went down my throat, I let out a shudder. After a long minute, Rory tapped my cheek with a cool finger, and I glared at him, wincing as Ari tightened her hold around my throat in warning. I reluctantly withdrew my fangs before Tristan could give me a migraine. From the look he was giving me, he was about ready to implode my brain. Sven switched humans with Rory, and I once again found my fangs buried in someone’s wrist. “Are you good?” Jailyn asked as I released the second human a long minute later.
“Fine,” I said and let out a heavy sigh. “I will not do anything stupid,” I muttered. Tristan slowly released me, as if waiting for me to punch him. I thought about it, but I knew better. Besides, I didn’t want to be chained up for the rest of the night. Beating the shit out of those trying to help me was also a waste of time, and for all I knew, my child could be slowly dying. Though I hadn’t felt a flicker of pain from her, I knew that didn’t mean shit. Ari still held me against her as Tristan got up and walked to the closed door. I reached up and put my hand on her arm and gently squeezed. Huffing out a breath, she reluctantly released me. Smirking, I rolled off of her and got to my feet with a grunt. Everyone eyed me cautiously as I walked to Tristan and held out my hands to him. He looked at the cuffs around my wrists and growled something under his breath. I scowled at him and made a grab for the key in one of his pockets. Of course, I didn’t make it far as his fingers closed around my wrist. Sidestepping me, he released me and pulled out the key, unlocking the cuffs in mere seconds. “Thank you,” I said dryly and opened the door. At that moment, however, I fell forward, hissing as a burning pain came over me. “Fuck!” I snarled as I felt my magic being drained. The pull was brief, but god damn did it hurt. I mentally reached out, and the edges of my vision once again darkened as I came up against a barrier. Pushing to my feet, I turned to find everyone staring at me, and I didn’t have to be a genius to know why.
“You said fuck,” Jailyn spluttered. “You’re slowly coming around. Keep at it, and the next thing you know, you’ll be using contractions.”
My eyes narrowed on her, and she held up her hands. “Fuck you,” I snarled and flashed down the hall. The only one that followed me as I made my way outside was my sire. He easily kept pace with me as I blurred into the night, fuming.
My magic was no longer being drained, but I could still feel the hold on my magical cord so to speak. Whatever was happening, my child was cut off from accessing her own magic and therefore, pulling on mine. I came to an abrupt stop, turning as I let out a growl of restrained rage. “Are Lily and Brianna still at my home?” I asked, just barely able to get the question out. Tristan’s solid white eyes went distant, and a couple of seconds later, he shook his head. Cursing, I turned and continued running. I didn’t realize I was headed for headquarter until I slammed through my own wards. Feeling a thousand eyes on me, I slowed and raised my hands, even as my beast screamed for blood. Lorena moved out of my way, her eyes widening as I yanked open the door and stepped inside. I went over to the window that looked into the actual waiting room and leaned against it.
“Freya,” Nolita said and got up from the table. “You look like you’re going to flay someone alive.” She stopped at the wall separating us and put her hands on top of it. “Do I even want to know why?” Her questioning gaze flickered to Tristan, but he remained silent, his energy pulsing around me. Along with that, I could feel his hunger. “Freya?” Nolita asked when I didn’t answer. I took in a deep breath and closed my eyes, silently cursing Davina. Honestly, was the witch out of her fucking god damn mind? Seriously, what the fuck was she thinking? I opened my eyes and bashed my head against the wall beside the window and groaned. Fucking god damn witches. Straightening, I walked to the door on the other side of the window and opened it. Stepping through it, I turned to Nolita and pressed my fingers against my eyes, letting out a weary sigh. Dropping my hands, I stiffened as Tristan came up behind me.
“Davina has Isra,” I said, and this time, my vision remained a shade of unwavering red. Nolita blinked as all color drained from her face. I turned to Tristan and held out my wrist to him. The pulse in said wrist beat faster and harder as my magic pushed blood to the surface and outward. The only warning I got was a snarl, and then pain flared up my arm as Tristan drove his fangs in deep and pulled. Wincing, I took in a deep breath and projected my earlier conversation I had with Sven into Nolita’s mind. The witch let out a gasp and fell on her ass, her eyes wide and glazed as she slowly processed the vision.
“Shit,” she said a moment later, still gasping. Tristan reluctantly withdrew his fangs from my wrist, his tongue pressing firmly against the bite wound. With a sigh, he licked at it and allowed me to pull my arm free from his grip. “Shit,” Nolita repeated and pulled herself to her feet. “What are you going to do?” she asked and glanced nervously at Tristan who just gave her a blank look.
“For the time being,” my sire growled. “I am temporarily rendered deaf.” I eyed him thoughtfully, not sure that I had heard him correctly. Nolita’s eyes went wide, whether from disbelief or relief, I had no idea. Though she did not belong to a coven of her own, she was still a witch. But I do recommend taking this conversation elsewhere, Tristan continued into my mind. From the startled yelp from Nolita, I knew she had heard. Tristan’s eyes went to her jugular, and he grunted as I smacked him on the arm.
“Might I remind you that you have already fed?” I asked, knowing full well that he needed more than just three pints or so of my blood. The talk of it alone caused my stomach to clench in pain, and missing nothing, he gave me a knowing smirk.
“Well,” the witch said and touched the bloodstone ring on her right ring finger. Tristan’s eyes went unfocused, and I stiffened, reaching out and wrapping my own hand around her own. Some days I wondered if she had a death wish.
“Remove that ring, and I will bite you myself,” I warned and glanced at Tristan. “I do not like to share.” My sire mumbled something I couldn’t make out as I released the witch and walked through another door. Pausing in the stairwell that led down, I turned to Tristan as the air became even more charged than it already was. A split second later, Rory appeared out of thin air, landing in an undignified heap and cursing as his head struck the wall. Blinking, he got up and looked around, nodding to us in greeting before giving Tristan a glare.
“Your summon has been postpone,” Tristan said to him, and I blinked while Nolita had a confused look in her eyes. Rory inclined his head, and then frowned as the summoning card appeared in Tristan’s hand. “We shall summon you on a later date. For now, do try not to assassinate another vampire, hmm?” Rory winced, but nodded.
“Can the killing of his sire fall on death’s ear as well?” I asked, already knowing the answer. Still, I had to ask. They all looked at me, and I shrugged.
“Sorry, sweetheart,” Tristan said and stared into my eyes. “You will not try anything that would…” He paused as the temperature dropped several degrees. Damn, it was just my luck to piss him off.
“Be stupid? Foolish? Insane?” Nolita blurted unhelpfully. I shot her a glare, and she shrugged.
“Yes,” Tristan replied, still not taking his eyes off me.
“I will not do such,” I said, praying he wouldn’t compel me. For a long minute, he continued to stare at me, and then he slowly nodded.
“I will hold you to your word,” he growled softly and was gone.
“Assassination, eh?” Nolita asked and smirked. Rory shrugged as I put an arm around his shoulders and pulled him close. “Are you two going to kiss? Because if you are, let me get on sublevel twelve first.”
“Well,” I said slowly, and then I let out a grunt as Rory turned and did just that, his tongue slipping inside before I could get another word out. My own tongue tangled with his, and I let out a shudder as I felt his erection pressing into my lower stomach. Heat gathered between my legs, and I silently let out a groan as his arms came around me.
“I have just gone blind,” the witch said and began muttering under her breath. I slipped my hand into Rory’s pants, and he growled as I wrapped my fingers around him. He grew harder as I slowly stroked him. Breaking the kiss, he let out a groan of pleasure.
“Stop,” he growled as I nuzzled his neck.
“This is… quite an interesting sight,” Tristan drawled as he reappeared behind me. “And I did not know your former apprentice is a voyeur.”
“I am not!” Nolita exclaimed and spluttered as I continued to stroke Rory.
“Oh?”
“I’m not.”
“Then what do you call this?” he asked, gesturing between Rory and me. Rory let out another groan, his cool hand closing around my wrist. I stepped back from him and chuckled. Nolita’s blush would have been cute if it hadn’t triggered my hunger for blood. Since my hand was still in Rory’s pants, it also increased my sexual appetite.
“I’m leaving now,” Nolita said loudly and closed the door with a loud snap. Tristan chuckled and stepped up to my side, giving us an amused look. I smirked and winced as Rory’s hand tightened around mine. Cursing, his pants unzipped, and he pulled free of me. I glanced at his painful erection, and then at Tristan who had his arms crossed and an evil smirk.
“What?” I asked suspiciously.
“As much as I enjoyed this interlude,” my sire said dryly. “I’m afraid it will have to wait.”
“Damn it, Freya,” Rory muttered and glared at me. I smiled as he tucked himself back in his pants, looking highly uncomfortable. I, myself, felt hot and bothered, so much so that I almost zap Tristan out of here. The door opened, and Ari came to an abrupt stop, blinking as she stared at us.
“Wow,” she said conversationally and stepped through the doorway, a stack of papers in her hand.
“Shall we go down?” Tristan drawled. His hand suddenly shot out toward Rory, smacking him upside the head. “If you finish that dirty thought in that head of yours, I will take pleasure in spilling your innards,” he warned as Rory held up his hands and backed toward the steps leading down.
“First of all,” the spy muttered. “Stay out of my head.” Tristan sighed, shaking his head as he put a hand on my shoulder and gave me a gentle push. Laughing softly, I went down the stairs, down the hall, through another door, and down more flights of stairs until we reached sublevel eight. This was where all the fun happened, and it was also where Nolita was waiting for me, a cup of rumchata in her hand. Seeing this, Ari snatched it from her and downed it, as if it was water.
“God damn it!” the witch exclaimed, throwing up her hands in exasperation. “Do you people not know how to ask first?”
Ari smirked, setting the plastic cup on the table just outside the Council’s chamber. “Would you have said yes?”
“No, but it wouldn’t kill you to ask.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Ari drawled and held the stack of papers out to Rory.
“What’s this?” he asked, taking them from her and glancing at the top page. He let out a sigh, taking the pen she was also holding out to him. “Do I have to fill them all out?”
“Leave no boxes empty,” she said before disappearing into the chamber with a satisfied smile.
“I hate paperwork,” he growled, dropping into a chair and began to read.
“You should have thought of that before you killed your sire,” she replied in a smug tone.
“Are you going to put me on suspension as well?” he asked dryly.
“No, I think I’ll just fire your ass.”
“Can you do that?” Nolita asked and peeked inside the chamber.
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Ari said as the witch stepped back from the opened doors. A moment later, Ari came out with a thick white portfolio in her hand and held it out to me. Taking it, I glanced at the tab and gritted my teeth as another surge of rage flared up inside me. “I figured that would be of interest to you,” she said and leaned against the wall as the double doors slammed shut.
“What is that?” Nolita asked and came over to where I was standing. Peering at the portfolio, she winced. “I can now officially say that I am glad that I don’t belong to any coven.” I handed the information on the Vongreeus Coven to Rory, and he looked up, taking it from me.
“You want me to go through this?” he asked, and I nodded.
“Afraid you’ll set them ablaze?” Ari asked and smirked. Nolita snatched the portfolio from Rory and quickly backed away from him before he got any bright ideas. She pointed a finger at him as he scowled at her.
“You fill out your murder form, and I’ll go through this,” she said and stepped through an opened door that led into the lounge on this floor. Tristan, who remained silent and still this entire time, followed her in. A few minutes later, he came back out, Natalia at his side. I blinked at the vampire child, a little surprised that she was here. A bag of starbursts in hand, she launched herself at Ari who effortlessly caught her. Their relationship was more of a parent and child rather than siblings, and I also didn’t miss the flicker of pain in her eyes before she quickly hid it. The only one who didn’t notice was Natalia, who was busy one-handedly removing the wrapper from a purple starburst.
“So,” Ari said and glanced at me. “What are you going to do?”
“First,” I said, resisting the urge to growl. “I believe that a visit to a certain… someone is in order.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

Morning was swiftly approaching, and if I had anything to say about it, I wouldn’t be in the sun for long. Standing in the deepest shadows I could find, I took in a breath, letting it out slowly. As I did so, magic rose up around me as I softly muttered a quick spell. My world blurred around me, and I wrapped my arms around Rory and Nolita as everything went dark. The moment it lifted, Nolita stepped from me and looked around curiously. “Where the hell are we?”
“Tuscany,” Rory said, smirking. “How very interesting.”
“Interesting indeed,” I said in amusement as Ari walked down the street toward us.
“Not bad,” she said to me, shielding her eyes with a hand as she looked around in interest. She glared up at the afternoon sun and let out a sigh. “What room is she in?”
“I have no idea,” I drawled, wincing as Rory elbowed me hard in the side. Rory, Ari, and I slipped on our sunglasses and slowly walked into the hotel.
“Shhh,” said Nolita. “I’m doing the talking. Don’t eat anyone. This will only take a minute.”
“Will it?” Ari asked and scanned the hotel lobby. Nolita gave her a salute, but the problem was, Ari let out a grunt as pain flashed in her eyes for the briefest of seconds. Before she could do anything about it, the witch turned and walked up to the receptionist, giving him a bright smile. Rubbing her head, Ari went to the elevator and hit the call button. When it arrived, she stepped inside and held it open as Rory and I followed her in. Nolita joined us a moment later, and we headed up to the second floor. “Are you still doing the talking?” Ari drawled as we stepped off the elevator.
“Hmm,” the witch said thoughtfully, coming to a stop before door 223.
Ari inclined her head, before putting a hand on the doorknob. “She’s in the shower.”
“We’ll wait.”
“You witches are no fun,” she growled, and then she sighed as I touched her arm, stopping her from breaking in.
“Go and stand guard,” I said and scowled at Nolita. “All of you,” I warned. Grumbling—and in Ari’s case—growling, they reluctantly did as they were told. If this were any other situation, I would have liked to stay here for a week or so and just enjoy Italy. Hell, we all needed a fucking vacation from all this endless bullshit going on around us. With a sigh, I slipped my hand into my pocket and pulled out a vial filled with a milky-white substance. Ignoring the sweet scent of witch blood best I could, I muttered another spell under my breath and pushed open the door as the lock disengaged. Stepping inside, I closed the door and walked to the picture-window that took up one side of the room. If she zaps you into oblivion, I will not be happy, Rory silently growled into my head. I smiled, turning to face the bathroom door as the sound of running water shut off with a loud squeak of protest. Oh, you will not be rid of me so easily, I replied silently to him. I felt his slight surprise at my statement, and I inwardly smirked in amusement. Before he could say another word, however, the bathroom door opened, and I smiled as the redheaded witch let out a gasp, her green eyes widening in shock. “Hello, Carolyn,” I said and smiled. “I hope you do not mind my… intrusion. I can assure you that it will not happen again in the future.”
“Who are you?” Carolyn asked as her magic filled the air. “What are you doing here in my room?”
I sighed. “You know who I am,” I said and walked toward her. “And to answer your second question? To put it simply, I have need of you, sweet Carolyn.”
She gulped. “What is this all about?” she asked as I stopped before her. I had to give her credit; she stood her ground, even as fear poured from her in waves.
“Let us not play games,” I said quietly. “We both know why I am here.”
“Please, don’t,” she said and took a step back. “Let me talk to her. I can convince her.”
“Yes, I believe that you will. If not? Well, we all know how it will end.” I leaned forward and placed a hand on her shoulder. “Do we not?” I whispered and ripped the necklace from around her neck and shoved it into my pocket.
“No,” she gasped, and there was a blinding flash of red light as her magic took over. “No.” I held out a hand, and she yelped as I struck her with a bolt of energy. Her defense mechanism triggered, she let out a strangled scream as she hit the floor and convulsed. A shimmering red barrier rose up around her, and I grunted as an invisible force punched me across the room. Righting myself midair, I flashed toward her, and she screamed as I hit her barrier full-on. It collapsed under my assault, and before she could throw another spell at me, I once again hit her with a bolt, knocking her senseless. Landing atop her, I grabbed her jaw and forced open her mouth. Flicking open the vial I was somehow still holding, I poured the liquid down her throat. She instinctively swallowed, and I nodded in approval.
“And here I was, trying to be nice.” I stroked her cheek as she arched her body and gasped in pain. “Now,” I said, her eyes going blank as my compulsion slammed into her. “Be a dear, and do not scream.” Tossing the empty vial to Nolita who appeared at my side with Ari and Rory, I got to my feet, pulling a convulsing Carolyn up with me. I nodded to Ari, and a split second later, everything went dark. When it lifted, we were standing in one of the rooms connected to my lab, and I dropped a now unconscious Carolyn onto the table.
“Do I want to know what was in that vial?” Ari asked and plucked the said vial out of Nolita’s hand. She gently sniffed it and let out a shudder before dropping it into a plastic container sitting on the counter that lined up one wall. “I don’t know if I should be impressed or terrified,” she said dryly.
“I’d go with the latter,” Rory said and stepped up to the table. Leaning in close, he inhaled deeply. Giving the barest of a nod, he straightened and glanced at me. “It’s quickly wearing off.”
“Yep,” said Nolita. “She’s coming around.” She walked to the closed door and opening it, she stepped through it. “Don’t start without me,” she warned as she exited the lab. “I need popcorn.”
“She is not serious,” Ari said and looked between me and Rory. “Is she?” From the table, Carolyn let out a moan of pain. I unsheathed a blade and pressed it to her throat as she slowly blinked open her eyes.
“What did you do to me?” she rasped, and then coughed to clear her throat.
“That is the million-dollar question of the day,” I said slowly. “If you are trying to cast, channel, center, whatever it is that you do to draw power, I hate to inform you that it will not work. The vial I have given you neutralizes your magic.” I removed the blade from her carotid and sheathed it. “But not to worry.” I let out a heavy sigh and rubbed my temples. “It is only temporary.” Nolita reentered the room and handed me a disposable cell phone. I took it from her and held it out to Carolyn.
“You want me to call her,” she said and swallowed hard before taking the phone.
“Yes, that is exactly what I want you to do. Of course, I am sure that you are smart enough to figure out what to say… and not to say?” She glared at me and began to dial. “We will give you some privacy,” I said and flashed from the room. Rozalia flew past me as I headed up the stairs and into my living room. The only one able to hear the conversation between her and Davina was my imp, and knowing Rozalia, I knew she would tell me everything if I asked.
“Privacy, my ass,” Ari muttered as she closed the door and leaned on it.
“It is the notion that counts,” I said and tapped a finger on her arm. She winced as a burst of energy zinged through her, and she sighed, her eyes becoming more focused.
“Can I have the rogue you have locked up in the other room?” I blinked. “You forgot about him, didn’t you?” she asked and chuckled.
“I did, actually,” I said and shrugged.
“How many attached rooms do you have?”
“Only two.”
Nolita harrumphed. “Only?” the witch asked.
“Yes, only.”
Ari smirked. “That’s because she has twenty holding cells.” She scowled at me. What the hell do you need that many cells for?”
“Detainment, of course.”
“We have over a hundred cells at headquarters,” she pointed out and muttered something I couldn’t make out.
“That may be true,” I said conversationally and leaned against Rory as he wrapped his arms around me. “But have you not noticed that almost all of them are occupied? And, I do not want any interruptions during my interrogations.”
“Hmm, you have a point. But that doesn’t answer my question.”
“I like to be on the paranoid side.” Ari shook her head, grabbing hold of my hand before teleporting.
The overpowering scent of blood was like a hammer to my gut. If it weren’t for Rory’s arms still around me, I probably would have staggered and hit the floor. As it was, I sucked in a sharp breath and hissed. Ari, looking dazed, released my hand and glanced around the room. Rozalia had done a number on the rogue lying unconscious and strapped to the blood-drenched table with chains that glowed a soft blue. “I’m going to take a guess that you don’t have a drain under the table,” she said tightly.
“You would be right,” I said, barely able to get the words out. The floor was splattered with blood, and she did her best not to step in it as she shoved the table to the wall. There was a downward slope in the center of the room, and instead of a drain there, I had a huge bucket. At the moment, it was filled to the brim with blood. Ari’s eyes flashed white, and I temporarily forgot about my own hunger, because this was the first time her eyes had turned white from hunger alone and not due to pain or the mix of the two.
“Ari,” Rory growled and released me. Going over to her, he reached out and cupped her chin, turning her head away from the bucket of blood. After a few moments of struggling with her inner self, she squeezed her eyes shut. They opened a few seconds later, and they were no longer white, but black with flickers of green.
“I don’t suppose I can take it?” she growled and stepped back from Rory, her eyes flickering to the five gallons or so of blood.
“It wouldn’t hurt to share,” Nolita suggested from her position at the closed door before I could say anything. “I mean, you have freezers and refrigerators filled with blood.” Ari blinked at the witch, and I glared at her. “What?” she asked defensively. “She does, and they’re not all vampire blood, either.” I growled and contemplated putting her head through the door. Tilting my own head back until I was looking up at the ceiling, I groaned.
“Yes,” I said with a sigh. “You may have your fill of it.” Shaking my head, I glanced at Ari. “You may have the rogue as well. Rozalia has already done my work for me.”
“And I’m going to take a quarter of that work,” Ari said as I turned and left the room. Before I could enter the room opposite the one I just left, the door opened, and my imp scuttled out, her green eyes glowing brighter with irritation. With a huff, she lifted herself off the floor and flew toward me, coming to a stop and hovering at my eyelevel.
“She wants to do a trade,” the imp hissed, and red sparks flew from her mouth in annoyance. “She says she hasn’t hurt Isra, but I can’t tell if she’s lying.” She held up her hands and flew out of my reach as I let out a low growl.
“Did she say why she took Isra?” Rory asked from behind me. He closed the distance between us and pulled me back against him as I continued to growl. I stiffened, and his hold tightened around me as my vision wavered. Rage surged to the forefront of my mind as hot and cold waves of sensation washed over me.
“Something about payback?” Rozalia hissed, confusion flickering in her eyes. Rory slipped a ring onto my finger, and I let out a hiss as my magic vanished with a burning zap of pain. God damn it, when this was done and over with, I was going to destroy all my ‘magical zappers, as Nolita so bluntly put it. I broke Rory’s hold on me and flashed into the room, sliding the ring from my finger and into my pocket as he let out a curse. Carolyn let out a yelp as I snatched the phone from her and crushed it until it broke into several pieces in my hands. Blue fire erupted from between my fingers, and I grimaced at the stink of melted plastic. Yes, I knew that Davina or any of her witches couldn’t track me here via magical or non-magical means, but sometimes, paranoia could be a total bitch when it wanted to be.
“Your elder has a death wish,” I said slowly, calmly, even as rage continued to boil within me.
“She is also my mother,” Carolyn hissed and pushed herself into a sitting position.
“Ah, yes,” I said. “As if I would forget such a valuable piece of information.” The flames between my hands grew brighter and hotter, and the witch in front of me gulped nervously.
“It’s true,” she whispered as she broke out in sweat.
“What is?” I asked and willed the flames to die down to only a spark.
“You’re the one the other witches can’t stop talking about.”
I smiled, and my vision tunneled as the blood drained from her face. “I do not know if I should be flattered…” I said softly. “Or not.” I reached out a hand, and she gasped in pain as I closed it around her wrist. “Tell me, sweet Carolyn. Where is your sister?” I whispered and closed the little space between us. “I suggest that you be truthful with me… unless of course, you enjoy being in pain.”
“No matter what you do to me, I’ll never tell you where she is.” She glared at me. “She’s only a child.”
“That, she is,” I said and stroked her wrist with my thumb. Her eyes widened, and she gritted her teeth as my magic slowly cut into her like needles. It swirled through the air, and it took all I had in me not to fireball or boil her ass from the inside out right here and now. “But I wonder. What would you do if she is to be harmed, hmm?”
“You…” she gasped and groaned. “You… you… you wouldn’t,” she spat, grunting as she tried to pull her wrist from me.
“Oh,” I said slowly and smiled. “Then you do not know me as well as you have thought.”
“Don’t,” she said, still gasping and groaning in pain as my magic continued to burrow into her. “Please, don’t.”
“You see,” I said, ignoring her pleadings. “I have created a one-sided bond with your precious sister.” I let go of her wrist and took a couple of steps away from her. “Therefore, I can find her no matter where she is in the world.” I shrugged, inhaling the waves of anger radiating from the witch. “That is the beauty of a blood bond, especially when you are both a witch and a vampire.” Oh, if looks alone could kill, I would be a spec on the floor. “The question is, my dear.” I reached deep within myself and followed the buzz in my blood to Amaris. Picturing the little girl in my mind’s eye, I surrounded her in the bubble of my magic and put a finger on the trigger so to speak. “How much pain does she have to endure before Davina gives me what I want?” With that, I yanked Amaris to me, and inside my head, the girl let out a scream as the magical transportation took hold. Pain free teleporting it was not.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

My hands shot out, catching the keening pup before she could hit the floor. With a grunt, I held her to me as she shifted to her human form. “What’s going on?” Amaris all but squealed as I settled her on her feet. I loosened my hold, enough for her to back up slightly and crane her neck to look up at me. Her silver eyes met mine, and they widened in fear. “Freya?” she squeaked.
“Shhh, little one,” I said and released her. “Shhh.” Amaris nodded and looked around, blinking as her gaze landed on Carolyn. “Have a seat, sweetheart,” I said as Ari came in with a dark blue fleece blanket. Amaris slowly dropped into a chair beside the table and took the blanket from her, snuggling into it as she eyed me warily. Carolyn, on the other hand, glared at me, even as fear continued to radiate from her in waves. Any more of it, I was going to bite her and be done with it.
“What now?” Carolyn snapped, not taking her eyes off of me.
“Now,” I said and went to stand behind Amaris. Placing my hands on the little girl’s shoulders, I trailed a finger up and down the side of her neck. Squirming in her seat, Amaris reached up and wrapped warm fingers around mine, trapping it. I smiled inwardly, even as magic slowly gathered in my hands. Amaris’s own hand tightened around my finger as she shuddered in response.
“What’s going on, Caro?” the little girl asked, her eyes flickering back and forth between Ari, Nolita, and Rory. I leaned down, and she let out a yelp of surprise as I nuzzled her neck.
“So tell me, kiddo,” I whispered in her ear, low enough for only her to hear. “Have you seen a vampire with Davina lately?”
“No?” she said and frowned.
“Does she tell you what she is doing or where she is going every day?”
“No. She only tells me if she’s going shopping and stuff like that.”
“Ah,” I said, expecting as much. I straightened and gave her a gentle squeeze. If Davina had told the half-witch, half-shifter she was going to torture or kidnap someone, I was going to bitch slap the god damn witch. Hell, I’d slap her just on principle alone. Yes, the girl had seen horrors no child should witness, but she didn’t have to be in-the-know about everything, especially if it involved death and destruction.
“She has nothing to do with this,” Carolyn said and grimaced. “Let her go.”
“I will.” I ran my fingers through Amaris’s hair and gave Carolyn a cold smile. “If you give me what I want.”
“What does she want?” Amaris asked curiously. Carolyn glared at me, but I remained silent, waiting.
“What do you want?” the redheaded witch hissed at me. I narrowed my eyes at her and growled. Was she honestly going to do this? Pulling my hand from Amaris’s hair and releasing her, I grabbed the back of the chair and moved her away from the table.
“You are really testing my last patience,” I said to Carolyn and pointed a finger at her. I twisted my wrist, and she sucked in a sharp breath, letting out a strangled scream as she clutched her head in pain. “That is my last warning. If you do not tell me where she is holding my child, my next spell will not be as friendly as this one.” Twisting my wrist the opposite direction, I released the spell that would turn anyone’s brain to nothing more than a bloody mess of well… nothing, I walked out of the room and headed for the refrigerator sitting at one corner of the lab. “So,” I said, loud enough for her to hear me. “Where is Davina holding Isra?” Opening the refrigerator, I grabbed a blood bag and bit into it, shuddering as the cold liquid went down my throat.
“I thought you find that unpleasant?” Rory asked from the opened doorway. I quickly drained the bag and shrugged. The one pint of blood was clearly not enough. Instead of abating my hunger, it only made me want to bite someone even more. Sighing, I kicked the refrigerator shut and tossed the empty bag onto the counter. Rory stepped out of my way as I reentered the room and straight for Carolyn. She slipped from the table and rounded it, backing away from me as I stalked toward her. Why? Why couldn’t anyone, just for once, give a fucking straight answer to a god damn simple question? Her eyes widening in terror, I grabbed Carolyn around the throat, and my world blurred as I move to slam her up against the wall.
“Remaining silent is not the answer I want,” I growled. It took all I had in me to resist the strong urge to bury my fangs in her jugular and drain her of every drop of that, oh so sweet, sweet delectable blood. “Where is Davina keeping Isra?” I asked slowly, enunciating each word, as if I was speaking to a three-year-old child. Carolyn grabbed hold of my wrist with both of her hands, digging her nails into the skin as she tried to remove my grip from around her neck.
“I don’t know where the fuck she is keeping her,” the witch finally wheezed after a few more seconds of struggling. Before I could, oh… accidentally snap her neck, Ari’s hand shot out, and I hissed in pain as she knocked Carolyn’s hands away and squeezed my wrist. My vision narrowed to pinpricks, and Rory smacked Carolyn upside the head, knocking her out. Ari forcibly removed my hand from the damn witch, and I snarled as she sent me flying across the room. My head struck the opposite wall, and I winced at the pain that exploded behind my eyes. Rory was on me in the blink of an eye, and he retrieved the danburite ring from my pocket. I bared my fangs at him, silently cursing him to hell as he slipped the damn thing onto my finger. I let out a groan as I felt the burning zap, and my magic swirling thick in the air popped as it vanished. I slammed my hands on his chest and shoved him away from me. I got up off the floor, and Ari’s dark red eyes met mine. Before my brain could register what was about to happen, my world went blurry, and I staggered as her compulsion slammed into me. Fucking damn did that silent compulsion rang loud and clear inside my head. I glared at her and rubbed my forehead with my fingers. She held up a hand and smirked.
“Hmm,” Rory said and got to his feet with a grunt. “Should have done that earlier.”
Ari shrugged. “I didn’t think about it until now.” Unsheathing a blade, I threw it at her, and I silently let out a sigh as she dodged it. The blade struck the wall behind her—the hilt vibrating from the force of it. “Take a deep breath and count to ten, Freya. It helps.” I opened my mouth to say something, only to pause as I felt a tugging on my pant leg. I looked down to find Amaris peering up at me. Right, I thought with a heavy sigh and knelt before the girl.
“What is it, little one?” I asked gently.
“Um…” she said and glanced at the unconscious Carolyn. “Who is Isra?” she asked hesitantly. I ran my hands through my ice-blonde hair and closed my eyes, breathing in and out deeply as I fought to keep calm. “You don’t have to answer, if you don’t want to,” Amaris continued, and I felt rather than saw her taking a step back from me.
“Isra is my… daughter,” I said slowly and opened my eyes.
Amaris blinked in surprise and once again glanced over to where Carolyn lay sprawled on the floor. “Oh,” she said softly and grimaced. “Is she a witch?” She frowned. “Wait, never mind, you said vampire not witch.” Her frown turned into a scowl as she took another step away from me. “Or is she like you?”
I smiled, despite the rage that wanted out. “She was not a witch when I turned her so long ago. She now, however, has some witch magic of her own.”
“From you?”
“Yes, from me.” And speaking of magic, I slapped my hands on the floor and sucked in a gasping breath as I began to burn from the inside out. Nolita snatched Amaris up into her arms and stepped from the room as the pain intensified. With a groan, I lowered myself to the floor and rolled onto my back.
“Do you have to remove the ring?” Ari asked, and I shook my head, wincing.
“It only prevents me from feeling or accessing my magic,” I hissed and groaned, silently cursing whoever was hurting Isra. “It is still there…”
“But you’re blocked, and Isra can still drain your magic from you,” she finished for me, and I nodded. “How deep is your magical reserve?” she asked in interest.
I smirked in amusement and chuckled. “I will be fine,” I said and grunted. “It will take a lot more to drain me to the point of helplessness I assure you.” She nodded, and I sighed in relief as the burning pain slowly dissipated a long minute later. Taking in a deep breath, I sat up and allowed Rory to pull me to my feet. I rested my head on his shoulder and breathed in his scent as he wrapped his arms around me. Even though I was no longer being drained, it still felt like I had just stepped off a livewire. My entire body tingled uncomfortably, and I shuddered.
“Do you need blood to heal?” Ari asked as she came to a stop behind me. She rested a hand on my back and patted it soothingly. Lifting my head, I peered over my shoulder at her.
“Are you offering?”
“Perhaps,” she replied and chuckled. “Of course, you can always bite Rory. I’m pretty sure that he won’t mind.” Turning to face her fully, I smirked.
“So long as she doesn’t kill me,” Rory said dryly.
“You have a point,” Ari said and held out her wrist to me.
“Are you sure?” I asked and stared deeply into her eyes. I didn’t see any sign of her getting weak, but that didn’t mean anything when it came to her and her being sick.
She smiled. “I feel fine, and I’m sure. A couple of swallows won’t hurt me.” I nodded and grabbed hold of her arm, bringing her wrist to my fangs. With a growl, I sank them in deep, and she yelped, glaring at me as I swallowed the hot blood with an inward sigh. Though I did not want to stop feeding, I took one last long pull of her blood. Swallowing, I withdrew my fangs and released her arm. “Yes,” she said with a heavy sigh. “You wish I had an endless supply of blood.”
“That would be wonderful,” I said and smirked. “But alas, you do not.” Ari walked to the opened door and peeked out. “Are they still out there?” I asked and went over to her.
“No, I think Nolita took Amaris upstairs.”
I sighed. “Will you stop me again if I decide to kill Davina’s first born?”
“Probably not.”
“I’ve released Carolyn,” Rory said, and I nodded, going over to the downed witch. I jabbed a foot into her side, and she came awake with a pained groan. “Next time,” Rory warned. “We won’t stop her from snapping your neck.” Reaching out a hand, he slid the ring off my finger and slipped it into his pocket.
“I won’t release you until we find Isra,” Ari said, and I scowled at her. “That way, if we have to block you from magic again, you won’t be able to remove the ring.”
I closed my eyes and pressed my fingers into them. “It is understandable,” I said reluctantly and slowly opened my eyes as I lowered my hands.
“If you’re going to kill me,” Carolyn said and glared up at me. “Get on with it.”
“Oh, sweet darling, I will not kill you just yet.” I flashed from the room and stopped in front of the counter in my lab. “Rory, be a sweetheart and keep an eye on our guest of honor?”
“It will be my pleasure,” he drawled as Ari stepped out and closed the door behind her.
“What are you doing?” she asked as I grabbed a bowl from the cabinet and set it in the sink. Turning on the water, I filled it up and carried it to the table.
“I,” I said with a heavy sigh and dropped into a chair. “Am going to try to scry her.” I glanced at the sink and willed the water to shut off. “I doubt that it will work, but I thought I should try this first before I make Carolyn bleed.”
Ari winced, but nodded. “If you want my advice, I don’t think that will be a good idea.”
I smiled and looked at the bowl of water. “I trust that you will do what is necessary to stop me before I go too far.”
“Should I call Tristan?” she asked and eyed me nervously.
“Calling him will not be necessary. I am sure, out of you three, you will be fine.”
She arched an eyebrow and leaned against the table. “I seriously doubt that.” I stared into the water, and an ache began to build behind my eyes as I focused on it and my magic. Ari watched me intently, and I was beginning to wonder if she had an interest in magic or was just simply curious. The more I focused on the water, the more intense the ache became, until it was a full-blown headache. My eyes felt like they were bleeding a minute later as my vision went black. Blinking, I glared at the rippling surface of the bowl and pressed a hand over my eyes. I knew that it wouldn’t work, but it was still annoying as fuck. “Did you get anything?” Then again, it was better to be sure than to wonder.
“As I had expected, it did not work.”
“What if she has Isra at her home, but spelled from something like scrying?” She held up a hand, as my rage surged hot and unrelenting. “Don’t kill me, I’m just thinking out loud.”
I reached out, taking her hand into mine. “If that is the case,” I said slowly and smiled. “Then I will destroy her entire coven.”
“And start a war for sure?”
I chuckled, but there was no humor to it at all. “If it was Skyler or Natalia instead of my child, would you not do the same were you in my place?”
She grimaced. “Yes,” she said with a sigh. “I would do anything, even risking my own death in the process.”
“Then we are on the same page, you and I.” I released her hand, and she nodded, taking the bowl of water and walking back to the sink.
“I don’t suppose a second try at scrying will do any good?”
“No, it will not.” I glanced at the closed door leading back to the room where Carolyn was being held and growled low in my throat. “I believe it is time for Davina and I to meet.” I pushed from my chair, and Ari was quick to open the door before I could kick it in. The moment she saw me, Carolyn held up both hands and backed up several steps. I flashed over to her, and she gasped as I grabbed hold of her wrists and yanked her to me. “I have reached the limits of my patience,” I whispered, and she struggled as I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight against me. Grabbing a fistful of her fiery red hair, I yanked her head back and struck. The witch screamed as I ripped into her neck, and my eyes practically rolled to the back of my head at the taste of hot sweetness all witch blood seemed to possess. Only Ari’s mental smack snapped me back to reality, and I blinked, pausing in my feeding to dive into Carolyn’s mind. The witch’s screams turned into shrieks of agony as I broke down her magical defenses like they weren’t there at all. With a snarl, I pulled back, dropping her to the floor without bothering to close the bleeding wound. I turned away and paced the room, ignoring Ari who was snapping at the witch, even as she sealed the wound with a swipe of the tongue.
“You know where Davina is?” Rory asked softly and put a hand on my shoulder to halt me.
“No,” I growled and stepped away from him. “But I can find her.” Cold settled over me, and I let out a hiss as I walked back into my lab, up the stairs, and into my living room. I didn’t have to look back to know that they were following me with a still gasping Carolyn between them. Nolita jumped up from the couch, and she quickly got out of my way as I came to a stop in front of Amaris. Eyes widening in fear, she stuffed the rest of the cheese pizza into her mouth and quickly chewed. Picking up the can of coke sitting on the table beside the couch, I handed it to her, slightly amused. Shaking my head, I stepped back, allowing her to run to the kitchen and washed her hands. And yes, she was still naked.
“Are you going to kill me?” the little girl asked as I plucked her off her feet and into my arms. Hands slightly wet and napkin clutched in one, she wrapped her arms around my neck. The sound of her heart pounded loud in my ears, and it was a wonder that I could still hear her.
“I do not know as of yet,” I said calmly. “It will all depend on what happens next.” My magic rose up around me, and Amaris let out a squeak as she stiffened in my arms.
“What are you doing?” she asked and squeezed her eyes shut. I nestled her head into the hollow of my neck and smiled. Ari slipped into my mind, a split second before everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

“Fuck!” I yelled as a white blade shot toward me. The world blurred as I spun around and released Amaris, shoving her toward Ari. It struck me in the lower back, and I screamed in agony as black dots danced across my vision. I hit the floor, still screaming as I reached behind my back and yanked out the blade. Fire licked up and down my entire body, and I writhed on the floor, my vision blurring as white-hot pain suffused every inch of me. God damn! They did not just fucking stab me with a lithium. They! Did! Not! Ari and Rory’s snarls reached my ears, and Nolita’s shriek of rage nearly burst my eardrums. Sucking in huge amount of air, I gasped and groaned as my magic slowly, painfully drained from me. Colorful spells flew in all directions, creating pretty rays of light. But there was nothing pretty about the spells themselves, as they scorched the walls, floor, and ceiling. With a shriek, I flipped onto my back and jerked into a sitting position. Since I was also a vampire, I didn’t get the luxury of falling unconscious. My head spun, and nausea rose up with a vengeance. Behind me, I heard the snapping of bones, and I hissed as Tristan’s energy surrounded me. “Do not touch me,” I gasped and coughed up blood. Without a word, my sire pulled himself together, until I couldn’t feel him at all. I projectile vomited blood, and I groaned as I continued to burn from the inside out. As energy continued to drain from me, I looked around. We were in a business building of some kind, and there were witches everywhere. Cheap, uncomfortable-looking red plastic chairs were scattered here and there; newspapers and magazines were strewn on the floor, as if a tornado had passed through. Ari—her eyes flickering back and forth between white and green—leapt over the front desk, snarling. With a hiss, she tore into the witch’s neck before he could utter another spell. Clutching the lithium blade like it was a lifeline, I slowly got to my feet and would have fallen if Tristan hadn’t caught my arm to steady me. Taking me into his arms, he flashed us from the battle and into an empty office. I arched in pain, screaming because it felt like a thousand needle-like icicles were digging into every inch of my skin. “Fuck,” I yelled, moaning as the door slammed shut. The slight breeze created by such action sliced into me like serrated knives, and I squeezed my eyes shut, wheezing in air as my sire lowered me to the floor. He didn’t bother to give me blood, because we both knew that it wouldn’t help. All I could do was ride out the pain and bitch about it. Holy hell, I was going to die. I silently laughed at that thought, ignoring the agonizing pain as I slowly sat up and opened my eyes. Tristan narrowed his eyes on me, and I held up a hand. “Not a word,” I groaned, and then hissed as the door splintered inward. A piece of wood struck the back of my head, and nausea washed over me. Pushing the need to puke down, I got to my feet and turned. The back of my neck prickled in warning, and I had to smile when the witch let out a scream and hit the ground, clutching her head. Tristan’s aura surrounded me, constricting my airway as he stepped up close and put a hand on my shoulder. Maybe it was a good thing that I couldn’t get air to my lungs. Otherwise I would have let out another scream.  A spell came at me, and I ducked, silently screaming in pain as it blasted a hole into the wall behind me. I sheathed the lithium blade and launched myself through the doorway. I grabbed the downed witch, tearing out her throat and tossing her lifeless body at another witch. Nolita appeared from nowhere, her hand outstretched toward me.
“This will help a little,” she yelled over the snarls and screams of rage and pain. With a grunt, she strode toward me, placing her hands on either side of my head. Warmth washed over me, seeping into me, and I shuddered as she dropped her hands and stepped back. “Of course, as you know, it won’t last.”
“It will do for now,” I hissed and snaked an arm around a brown-haired witch’s neck. I squeezed without warning, and she went rigid at the sudden lack of oxygen to her brain. “Goodnight, sweetheart,” I growled in her ear and snapped her neck.
“Did you forget to call out for help?” Jailyn asked from behind me. Rolling my eyes, I turned to her. “You don’t look so well,” she continued, and I scowled at her amused expression.
“Not going to let your demon out to play?” I drawled and winced.
The necromancer tilted her head to the side and studied me. “I could,” she said conversationally. “But I rather not advertise to the entire supernatural community.”
“Ah,” I said in understanding as more vampires appeared out of thin air.
“It’s bad enough that they know me as the harbinger of doom,” she said dryly and snorted. She flashed to my side and put a hand on my arm, all seriousness back in place. “How is the pain?” she asked as Nolita shot volleys of spells into the crowd of witches. At the rate she was firing, one after another in rapid succession, she was going to knock herself out. I glanced at her and grimaced in both pride and annoyance. I had a few who couldn’t keep up with magic, but none were as bad as Alyssa. I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Yeah… let’s not go there. Blinking, I turned my attention back to Jailyn and shrugged.
“It is still very much painful,” I said and shuddered. “But for now, it is manageable.” Creating a blade made of fire, Nolita ran to the nearest witch, shooting bolts at him with her free hand. From the other side of the room, Tristan eyed her approvingly as he casually reached behind him and snapped a redheaded witch’s neck, turning and sinking his fangs into the side of her throat. Sadly, it wasn’t Davina. Speaking of… “Have you seen Davina or her daughters?” I asked, scanning the few witches that still remained.
“Carolyn took Amaris and got the hell out of here,” Sven growled. “And before you ask, I stole the information from Rory.” Ari appeared on Jailyn’s other side, nodding to her. With a growl, I focused inward—red clouding my vision until it was a haze. Pain shot through my skull, and I snarled, as the roar in my ears grew louder and louder. I silently growled the spell, and my brain practically seized as it took hold. From somewhere in the distance, Tristan let out a yell of pain. The world spun out from under me, and Jailyn cursed as she grabbed me and launched us into the air. Someone slipped into my mind, and I was too busy seeing bloody stars to push them out. If my brain didn’t explode from my skull, it would be a miracle. I had no idea where Jailyn was taking me. Hell, I had no idea if we were still in the building or outside in the cloak of night. For that matter, I couldn’t focus on anything but the honing spell and the burning pain that was increasing by the second. A howl of a wolf broke through the fog clouding my mind, and I hissed, groaning as I blinked and straightened in Jailyn’s arms. She stopped her flight through the air and slowly descended to the ground. Ari and Raina landed on either side of us and took in their surroundings. I stepped away from Jailyn and took in the small house in front of where we were standing.
“I am surprised to see you here,” I said to Raina and released my hold on the spell. I almost let out a sigh of relief as the pain dissipated back to a manageable level.
“Just because I am a watcher, it does not mean I can’t kick your ass,” Raina—head of all the watchers—replied, a glint of something in her eyes. I gave her a pained smile. She had a point, after all.
“Who is inside?” I asked as the world continued to waver in and out of focus. I blinked at the wards surrounding the plain home and scowled. While the battle raged on at another location, the beloved Davina was going to make me force my way inside by unraveling layers after layers of ward. Well, I thought in amusement.
“I can’t see magic,” Ari said slowly. “But we all can feel it, and there is a lot of it here.”
“The entire place is warded,” Jailyn said and inclined her head, as if listening to something only she could hear. “Freya, can you sense your child?” Taking in a deep breath, I centered myself and closed my eyes. Opening my senses up to Isra, I focused in on her. As expected, I couldn’t feel anything from her. It was because of the pain I was in, or she was purposely blocking me. Opening my eyes, I shook my head. “Well, there is only one way to find out.” Tilting my head forward, I clutched at it and groaned as I rubbed the back of my neck.
“Teleport twelve witches to me,” I said softly and dug my fingers into my neck. I could have taken down the wards on my own, but at the state I was in, it would take me hours just to lower one. I felt Ari move to stand behind me as the air became even more charged than it already was. Raina and Jailyn closed in on me, and I couldn’t decide whether to smile in amusement, laugh hysterically, or throttle them all. Dropping my hands, I slowly lifted my head, squinting at the intricate wards as Tristan, Casiar, Rory, and twelve witches appeared around us. Before the surprise look on the witches faces could morph to something other than what it already was, I drew on my draining magic and zeroed in on whatever trinket they use to protect themselves from compulsion. Pain once again flared white hot and blinding as I held out a hand and made a pulling gesture. A tendril of shadow wrapped around my wrist and tugs it downward as I fought not to pass out. Several necklaces, bracelets, and rings flew into the air, and they made a clinking sound as they hit the ground in a pile. I let go of the magic, growling as my head spun. Breathing deeply in and out, I met each witch’s gaze, giving them a cold smile as their expressions went blank. “I want all of you to turn around,” I hissed slowly. “Then I want all of you to remove those wards,” I continued, enunciating each word. “When you are done, you will stand there, do nothing, and look pretty.” I looked at each one of them and nodded. At my nod, they turned toward the house, held hands, and began to chant.
“How long will this take?” Raina asked and glanced at me in concern.
“Fifteen minutes at the most,” I whispered, and only Jailyn and Ari’s hand on my arms kept me from hitting the ground. Another stab with the lithium would surely put me out cold. And as that thought crossed my mind, Tristan reached for the two white blades and removed them from me. They vanished into his clothes, and I let out a sigh.
“Are you going to kill Davina?” Jailyn asked, low enough for only us to hear.
“I have not decided as of yet,” I said, and then scowled as my words came out slurred. Casiar and Rory eyed me curiously, and if I had the energy to do so, I would have growled at them. They walked over to us, and Rory pulled me against him, ignoring the fact that he was covered in witch blood. I inhaled deeply, and he stiffened, tightening his hold on me as he turned to face the twelve witches who were still chanting.
“Don’t bite me,” he growled under his breath, and Jailyn let out a huff.
“Mmm,” I said with a weary sigh and dropped my head onto his shoulder.
“There are vampires inside,” Ari said, sounding very annoyed and very pissed off. “Why can’t witches fight their own battles?”
“Because they are too dumb to do so,” Nolita yelled from somewhere off in the distance. She sounded out of breath as she ran toward us, and from the overwhelming sweet scent of blood, she had to be drenched in it. Ari made a choking sound, and she coughed, cursing as she turned to glare at her. Nolita held up bloody hands, and almost everyone let out a groan. “Think of nasty dog shit and stuff like that. Trust me, it helps.”
“Thanks for the imagery,” Jailyn muttered.
“You’re welcome.”
“What do you have?” Raina asked. I straightened and turned, pressing my fingers into my temples. Then I gaped as Raina reached out and ripped Casiar’s shirt from him. I quickly snapped my mouth shut, pain ripping through me anew as I held in my laughter.
“Hey!” Jailyn exclaimed as Raina handed Nolita the shirt.
“He’s the only one not covered in blood,” she said and shrugged as the witch—looking highly amused—wiped the blood from her hands. Casiar scowled at her, his eyes narrowed.
“If you were anyone else,” he drawled.
“Yes,” Raina said with a scowl of her own. “I wouldn’t even be able to lay a finger on you before you tore out my heart and ate it.”
“Oh, you know me so well,” Casiar said dryly and shook his head.
“You want this back?” Nolita asked and tossed his shirt back to him. He caught it, and it vanished from his hand a split second later. “To answer your question, Raina, the witches are dead. Sven, Liana, and Sarisa are making sure that none are left alive and will join us soon.”
“Could you please put on a shirt?” Ari said and squinted. “You’re blinding me.”
“In a good way?” Casiar asked, earning a smack from Jailyn.
She snorted. “In your wildest dreams.”
He shrugged. “What’s the point? I’ll probably be covered in blood the moment we’re inside.” Jailyn sighed heavily, and Rory grunted as I elbowed him in the gut, stopping him before a chuckle could escape him. “Besides, I think they’re about done.” I glanced at the witches, and he was right. A thin layer of warding now shielded the place, and I didn’t know if I was annoyed or amused that no one came outside to check. Whoever had put up the wards knew exactly when they were being tampered with. If they didn’t, they were dumber than a rock.
“We can head in,” I said and put my hand on Rory’s arm as I moved to his side. Tristan, who had remained silent and still this entire time, stirred to attention, nodding as he moved onto the green grass. Sucking in a lungful of air, I released my hold on Rory and followed my sire to the front door. It opened before any of us could knock, and dizziness slammed into me as I moved in a blur, snatching Amaris up and stepping inside. Nolita closed the door and leaned against it, letting out a yelp as Jailyn, Casiar, Tristan, Ari, and Rory engaged the three rogues. I glanced to Nolita and grimaced.
“Try not to kill anyone,” she called after me as I made my way down the hall. Amaris dug her fingers into my upper arms as her magic rose, cutting into me. I wasn’t surprised to find that all of the doors were closed. God damn son of a motherfucking magical blade, I thought with a snarl and kicked in the one that made my head want to explode. Amaris’s eyes widened in terror, and she struggled to get free of me as I entered the small bedroom.
“Let her go,” Carolyn said sharply, a fireball cupped in one hand.
“Are you planning to throw that at me?” I asked softly as Davina stepped up to her daughter’s side. My eyes flickered to the corner of the room, and my stomach clenched painfully with the need to go over to Isra and check on her.
“I’ll do it to protect her,” she hissed. “What do you even know about family and the need to protect? Are those words even in your vocabulary?” My vision deepened into a deeper shade of red, and my ears rang. I put Amaris down, and she all but ran from the room as I walked to the witch. “That’s far enough,” she snapped. I paused, not because of the witch, but because I could feel Isra’s eyes boring into me.
“Oh,” I said, drawing out the word. “You foolish child.” Carolyn gulped, and the fireball on her palm flickered. “Tell me, Davina, does sweet Carolyn here do all of your talking?”
“Don’t you—” My hand shot out, smacking her head into the wall behind her, hard enough to knock her out. She hit the floor with a loud thump, and I growled as Davina raised her hands to cast a spell. God help me, she really wanted to die. Davina ignored the growl, and green sparks jumped from finger to finger.
“I wouldn’t do that,” Isra said in an audible whisper. “If I were you, Sucaerelle. My sire is just itching to be rid of you, and she is not one to give leniency so easily.”
“My witches didn’t stab you with lithium,” Davina hissed and cursed.
I smiled and bared my fangs at her. “I assure you,” I snarled. “They followed your instructions precisely.” I closed in on her, just as a pale hand latched onto Davina’s wrist. “And I assure you that it was agony beyond belief.”
“Where is the blade?” she asked, wincing in pain as she tried to pull her wrist from Isra’s unyielding grip.
“Do you honestly think that I would return such a weapon to you? I think not.” She glared at me. “The matter is simple,” I continued, ignoring the relentless pounding in my head and the fire coursing through my bloodstream. “I came to get my own, and in return, I allow you and your two precious daughters to remain breathing.” I eyed her with hunger, and I half-hoped she would continue to make things harder for herself. “What say you?” I whispered as she broke out in sweat. Pain clouded her green eyes, but Isra held on tight, her eyes closed as she fed off the witch’s magic. “Do you want to die today, Davina? Or do you want to see the light of dawn?”
“Take her,” Davina snapped and tried to yank her wrist away. My childe slowly rose to her feet, and she bared her fangs. Her eyes flashed open, and they were slightly unfocused.
“Release me,” Isra hissed in a whisper. “If not, I’ll make sure that you never regain your magic again.” After a moment, she released Davina and put a hand on my arm. Not taking my eyes from Davina, we exited the room. The others joined us, and Ari gestured to the witch.
“Follow,” Jailyn growled and headed down the hall and outside.
The twelve witches stood motionless, and I smiled as Davina let out a gasp. Isra released my arm, taking Tristan’s outstretched hand and biting into his wrist with a growl. I lifted the compulsion from the witches, and before they could run or try to cast a spell, Jailyn muttered under her breath, and they froze. “You said you would allow us to live,” Davina yelled and glared at me as I unsheathed a blade and walked to the nearest witch.
“No,” I said slowly and smiled. “I said that I would allow you and your daughters to live.” The twelve witches yelled, shouted, and screamed as I pressed the silver blade of the VC to the side of the first witch’s neck. “I said nothing about your coven. I smiled and slashed deep into flesh and bones. Blood flew into the air, and Davina screamed along with her friends. “Next time, pay closer attention.” Her screams turned into shrieks as Isra yanked on her magic, feeding as I stabbed the second witch in the throat. Blood rained on and around me as I slowly decapitated each witch, until there were twelve bodies, twelve rolling heads on the blood-soaked grass, and a ringing silence. Stopping in front of Tristan and all but seeing stars, I took the lithium blade out of his hand and flashed to Davina. Weak, pale, drained, and in pain, the only thing holding her up was Isra’s hand on her arm. “Have you been stabbed with this before?” I asked as my world tunneled to pinpricks. “No?” I whispered. “Well, let this be a memory.” I flipped the blade, until it glinted under the morning sun. Faster than she could track, I stabbed her in the stomach, and she let out a bloodcurdling scream. Darkness suddenly enveloped me, everything went numb, and I gave into the peaceful embrace that was unconsciousness.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

Blood, hot and sweet, poured down my throat, and I silently growled in pleasure. Sensation slowly returned to me, and I realized that someone was holding a cup to my mouth. The pouring suddenly stopped, and I blinked open my eyes. Isra stared down at me, her crimson eyes intent on my own. “You’re finally awake,” she said softly and pulled back slightly to allow me to move into a sitting position. She held a white plastic cup in one hand and a cylinder that glowed dark blue and pulsed rhythmically in the other as she knelt in front of the couch I was on. I took the cup from her and down the rest of the blood. Shuddering, I looked around, blinking at the schematics and diagrams on a desk at one corner. We were in an office, and judging by the multicolored wires, tube casings, a few remotes, switches, triggers, the lingering scent of burnt plastic, metal parts, and black powder, I was a hundred percent certain that we were in Ari’s private office. If that hadn’t given it away, her natural scent lingering heavy in the air would have. At the moment, Isra and I were the only two in the darkened room.
“What time is it?” I asked, sensing that it was night out.
“It’s a little after one in the morning.”
I leaned back, tilting my head to stare up at the ceiling. “How long have I been out?”
“About sixteen hours.” I felt a presence approaching the office door, and Isra got to her feet, turning as it opened. Ari stepped inside and walked toward me, flopping on the couch with a sigh. Outside the door, Rory stood motionless, his eyes solely on Isra.
“She wouldn’t allow anyone but your sire near you,” Ari whispered in my ear. “It was amusing to watch.”
I arched an eyebrow. “What did she do?” I asked, not sure if I wanted to know the answer or not.
“Why, she threw a knife at Rory, threatened to castrate Sven, bashed Raina’s head against a wall, made Nolita choke on her own blood, threw one of my tiny explosive babies at Casiar and Jailyn, and threatened to throw me out of the window.”
“My,” I drawled and put a hand on Isra’s arm, pulling her down to sit on my other side.
“Is it safe?” Rory asked and scowled, stepping inside and closing the door.
“I haven’t decided yet,” Isra said and tightened her hold on the cylinder. The magical object was a miniature energy nexus. Four inches around and eight inches in height, the reshaped, resized, and warm to the touch graduated cylinder was filled with my blood and the blue glow of energy that was my magic. She was able to draw from the smooth, glass-like cylinder and feed off it. Unlike an actual graduated cylinder, there were no measurement markings on it. Rory—never taking his eyes off Isra—came over to us and crouched in front of me. Taking the empty cup from my hand, he tossed it into the garbage can that was beside the desk.
“I take it that everyone is still alive?” I asked and frowned down at my child. Running pale fingers through her long, straight black hair, Isra blinked innocently up at me.
“They deserved it.”
“Hmm,” I said thoughtfully and made a grab for the nexus. With a yelp, she half turned from me and clutched it against her stomach. I smiled in amusement. For all that was unholy, she acted like I was going to take her favorite pet hamster away from her and kill it. Reaching into my pocket, I withdrew the ring and handed it to her. She snatched it from me and slipped it onto her right pinky finger.
“How are you feeling?” Ari asked and peered closely at me. Hmm, good question, I thought and mentally checked myself over. The door opened, and Rory straightened as Tristan entered, Skyler following in his wake. His eyes took everything in as Skyler walked over to me and handed me another cup of blood.
“I thought you could use another drink,” the fledgling said and elbowed Rory out of her way. Ari let out a moan, covering her eyes with a hand. With an exasperated look, Rory went over to the window and leaned against it. Ari dropped her hand to her lap and glared at her childe. Amused, I took the cup of blood from Skyler and sipped at the hot liquid.
“I feel fine,” I said a moment later. “And thank you, Skyler.” She nodded and glanced at Isra, zeroing in on the nexus. Isra let out an exasperated sigh and held it up.
“There is nothing special about this,” she said, clearly annoyed as she got to her feet and shoved it into her pocket. I pushed from the couch, relief when my world didn’t spin out from under me. I held out my hand to Isra, and after a second of hesitation, she placed her cool one into mine.
“Where are you going?” Skyler asked as I downed the rest of the blood. I walked over to Tristan, setting the glass on the desk as I went. My sire held out his hand to me, and I took it, shuddering as his aura wrapped around me. With one last glance around the office, everything went dark.
I inhaled the fresh summer night breeze and sighed. “I will leave you two,” Tristan growled softly, and a second later, he was gone.
“Where are we?” Isra asked and peered into a window that led into Lily’s bedroom. It was late for someone like her to be up, but yet, a dimmed light shown through a gap in the curtains. I felt the stirring of the air, and I turned as Brianna appeared with a can of sprite in her hand.
“Brianna,” I said softly, my senses on alert for anything.
“Freya,” she whispered and eyed Isra suspiciously.
“Do your sisters know that you are skulking around in the dark?” I asked and smirked.
“Only Lily knows I’m out here.” She shrugged. “I take turn with Alyssa.”
“How very…” I paused and scowled. “Charming.” I put a hand on Isra and nudged her toward Brianna. “Brianna, this is one of mine, Isra. Isra, this is Brianna, one of Jailyn’s childe.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you,” Isra said and held out a hand.
“Nice to meet you, too,” Brianna replied, taking the offered hand and shaking it.
“You’re new to this world,” Isra said and eyed her thoughtfully.
Brianna shrugged. “Not really.”
“You girls get to know each other,” I said as magic rose up around me. “In the meantime, I am going to have a word with your baby sister.”
“Which one?” Brianna asked and stared intently at me.
“Lily, of course.” I turned back to the window just as it slowly opened. Lily popped her head out and squinted into the darkness. “Do not go far,” I said and gave Isra a warning look. She let out a heavy sigh, giving me a wounded one of her own.
“What?” Brianna asked.
“Nothing important,” Isra muttered and walked around to the side of the house. Muttering a spell under my breath, the world went black as I appeared inside Lily’s room. I walked up behind her, waiting. After a few seconds, the girl pulled her head back in and shut the window, letting the dark blue curtains fall back into place. Taking a deep breath, she slowly turned. “Hello, Lily,” I said softly and held back a smile as her eyes widened.
“Hi,” she said and glanced at the window.
“Not to worry,” I said in amusement. “I will not harm you.”
She stared into my eyes and shuddered. “Your eyes are red.” I blinked, watching as she walked to her bed and sat. “I supposed you’re here for the notebook?”
“Jumping to conclusion already, sweetheart?”
“What else could you be here for?”
I chuckled, going over to her desk and pulling out a chair. “I hope that you have been drawing?” I said, turning the chair around to face her and slowly sitting.
“I have,” she said slowly, and then jumped from the bed as I looked at the mess of papers on the desk. “Don’t look at that.”
“Why not?” I asked and read the first few lines of the top page. Out the corner of my eye, Lily put her head in her hands and groaned.
“Don’t make fun of me. I know I got most of them wrong.”
“Summer homework?” I asked and tried very hard not to smile as I picked up a pencil and corrected question four on her German study sheet.
“Yes,” she said with a defeated sigh. “Since you are correcting my homework…” She blinked and pouted at me. “Can you do the rest of it?”
“Mmm,” I said, setting the pencil down. “How will you learn if someone else does your work for you?”
She frowned. “Just this once?”
I smiled, picking up the notebook I gave her. “Oh, dear girl,” I said and chuckled. “I am not one of your siblings. That pout of yours will not work on me.”
“Fine,” she said with a dejected sigh as I quickly flipped through the notebook. They were halfway filled with lines and shapes of all sizes. For most of them, I had no clue what they were supposed to represent, and only Lily was able to figure them out. She watched me nervously as I closed it and set it back on the desk. “Did I fail?”
“Now, why would you ask such a question?”
She shrugged. “It’s better to know that you failed at something before moving on.”
“Hmm,” I said and eyed her thoughtfully. “You did not fail.” I picked the notebook back up and held it out to her. “Open it up and focus on the first shape on that page,” I continued as she took it from me. “Tell me what the shape is.”
“A bundle of sticks?”
“Out of all the things you could have drawn, why did you decide to draw a bundle of sticks?”
“Reminded me of fire.”
“Hmm, do you have a chalk?”
She blinked. “I… don’t?” She dropped back onto the bed and scowled.
“Not to worry,” I assured her and got to my feet. “Come.” She reached up, and I took her hand as magic surrounded us both. “We will be just outside,” I said and teleported.
Once outside, I released Lily and stepped back. Isra and Brianna joined us a few seconds later, and they looked between Lily and me curiously. “Either of you have a chalk?” I asked and glanced to Lily as her heart rate picked up. Your eyes just went completely black, Isra said into my mind. Ah, I thought and ruffled the little girl’s unkempt hair. Excuse me if she smelled like the most delicious chocolate ever to exist. I can get her a chalk, if you like. I mentally nodded. I would be grateful. Isra pulled out her nexus, scowling at it as she concentrated. She held up her hand, palm up as a light blue chalk appeared on it. Slipping the nexus back into her pocket, she handed it to Lily, who took it with a whole lot of interest in her blue eyes. And it wasn’t because of the chalk or of what she was about to do. “All right, Lily, plant your butt on the ground and draw your sticks.” Grimacing, she slowly sat and began to draw. When she was done, we all studied it intently, and in Brianna’s case, dubiously.
“Um… what do I do now?” Lily asked and squinted at the ground. Isra crouched beside her, flicking on a penlight and pointing it at the drawing.
“Now, I want you to relax. Clear your mind and center yourself. Once you have done that, let me know what you feel. If anything, you should be able to feel the magic inside you.” Lily nodded and closed her eyes, breathing in deeply through her nose. A long minute later, I felt a slight tugging burn on my magic, and Isra jumped to her feet, yelping as I wrapped an arm around her and pulled her close. “Let go,” I warned. With a huff of annoyance, she released her hold on me and pouted.
“I feel…” Lily frowned and shrugged, before opening her eyes to look up at me. “I don’t know how to explain it.”
I nodded. “What is your favorite color?”
She blinked. “Blue?”
I again nodded. “Picture that color in your head. Once you have that in place, you are going to think of…”
“A pool of energy?” Isra asked.
“Yes, a pool of energy.” Lily nodded. “You are going to draw from that pool.”
“I think I know what you mean,” Lily said, and her eyes narrowed in concentration.
I arched an eyebrow in question and shrugged, taking her word for it. “Think about what you want that rune to do when someone say, steps on it.”
“Got it,” she said a few seconds later, and I plucked the penlight out of Isra’s hand as move to crouch in front of Lily. Shining the light on the rune that—for the moment—was just a drawing, I took the chalk from her hand and set it on the ground.
“Are you right-handed?” I asked, and she nodded. “Place your hand over the rune and try to channel the magic from your head, down your arm, and let it flow out of your hand.” She did as she was told, and after a moment, she broke out in sweat and sighed heavily when nothing happened.
“It didn’t work,” she said and grumbled.
“I did not expect you to get it on your first try.”
“But—”
“No no,” I said, cutting her off. Grimacing, she reached up a hand and covered her eyes as I pointed the penlight into them. “I will hear no complaints from you, girl.”
“But—”
“Liliana,” I said in warning. She let out a yelp and cringed. “It will take a lot of practice to be able to channel. I expect you to have several headaches and nosebleeds before you are able to pour magic into this rune. I also expect you to know your limitation when it comes to magic. Do not overwork yourself. Is that clear?” Lily nodded, and she sighed in relief as I clicked off the light and handed it back to Isra. “Now, would you like to have a guess to what I am going to say next?” I asked and smirked.
“Oh, no,” Lily said and groaned. “No.” Behind me, Brianna let out a snicker as I got to my feet.
“Oh, you can laugh now,” I said, turning to the fledgling and smiled. “Because a few days from now, you and I are going to work on your magic.”
“What?” Briana spluttered, coughing as she blinked at me.
“You heard me.”
“God damn it,” she said and muttered unintelligibly under her breath.
Chuckling, I turned back to Lily and stared down at her. “And as for you, for the next three days, you are to meditate. Clear your mind, center yourself, and focus on the magic inside you. Do not worry about channeling. I want you to get use to the feel of your magic before you do anything else.” She nodded, getting to her feet. “And before you ask, I had you do the drawing and the channeling, because I wanted to see if you could charge your rune on the first try. It also helps me with what to teach you and not to teach you in the next couple of months.” Lily nodded, wiping her hands on her jeans. “Do you understand what you are to do?”
“I understand.”
“Good,” I said and glanced up at the brightening sky. “You best get back inside, little one. I believe your mother will be up in half an hour.” I held out my hand, and I held back a shudder as she placed her warm one into mine. Taking in a deep breath, I silently muttered a spell, and the world went black as I teleported.
An hour later, I stood atop a roof and stared out into the distance, deep in my own thoughts. All around me, the birds chirped to one another, sounding contented, not having a care in the world about who was going to drop dead next. The breeze buffeted me on all sides, and I inhaled deeply, before turning and crossing the rooftop. I leapt across the empty space, landing with a loud clang on the fire escape. Balancing myself precariously on the damn thing, I nodded a greeting to Raina who stood a few steps above me. “If we fall, I am blaming you,” I said and chuckled.
“Ah,” Raina said and smirked. “How come I get the short end of the stick all of a sudden?” I shrugged, taking a couple of steps up and stopping a step below the watcher. “Want the good news or the bad news first?”
I blinked at her. “There is such a thing as good news?”
“Well, I guess it depends on how you look at it, I suppose.”
“Tell me.”
Raina took in a deep breath and closed her eyes. “Davina is of course, devastated by the slaughter of her coven.” She opened her eyes, and something flashed in them before it was gone. “She wants your head as payment.”
“Of course,” I said and laughed softly. “I do not have to be a genius to figure that one out.” I sighed. “Is she rebuilding?”
“Not yet, but I’m pretty sure that she will, sooner rather than later.” She eyed me thoughtfully. “You should make your own coven. Have you ever thought about it?”
“I have not, and I am not in a mood to create one.”
“Should I start finding ways to change your mind?”
“I would appreciate it, if you did not.” Raina nodded, handing me a couple of three-inch red binders that she was holding. “What is this?”
“My reports on the covens. I thought I look into the others for you.”
“Thank you,” I said and smirked. “How long have you been watching them?”
Raina smiled. “About a year and counting.”
“Been busy, I see.”
“It’s sure nice to be on top of everything,” she drawled.
“It sure is,” I mused. “I should have killed Davina when I decapitated her witches one by one. But sadly, I have a few plans in place that involve her.”
She eyed me in interest. “Do I even want to know what those plans are?”
I smiled. “To be honest? I do not think that you do.”
Raina smiled at me in turn. “Fair enough, Freya,” she said and launched herself into the sky. “Fair enough.”


* * * * * *



To find other books by Alina Meuangkhot, please visit:

https://www.alinambooks.com/


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Goodreads:
https://www.goodreads.com/Alina_M

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
