Blood Sacrifice
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2018 by Alina Meuangkhot


Published 2020 by Smashwords


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.



* * * * * *



WARNING

This book contains sexual content and extreme violence that may be offensive to some readers. Discretion is advised.



* * * * * *



Acknowledgements

I’d like to thank Bradley Renshaw for proofreading this book. I also would like to thank each and every one of you who have either read the NSC series, gave me suggestions and ideas, comic relief as I brought new characters to life and killed off some, or all the above. Thank you for joining me on this rollercoaster ride of blood and violence, betrayals and loyalties, and the lengths one would go to for another’s life. I hope you enjoy this last installment of the series. This arc of the story may be over, but the NSC universe is vast and wide. You never know what might come next. Last but not least: I would also like to thank my brother for acknowledging my writing and making fun of my characters, even though he hadn’t read any of the books. Yes, he’s also in the Tristan-must-die club. After every book: “Did you kill Tristan yet?” Me: “Nope.” Brother: “Why not?” Me: *Insert frowny face here* To put it simply, you guys are amazing. Thank you, thank you, thank you.



* * * * * *



“Sometimes in life, you do things you don't want to. Sometimes you sacrifice, sometimes you compromise. Sometimes you let go and sometimes you fight. It's all about deciding what's worth losing and what's worth keeping.”

— Lindy Zart



* * * * * *



Prologue

{About a Year Ago}

FREYA

“He is resilient, this one.” Roxana’s voice sounded muffled over the loud roar of blood in my ears. “Strong shields, too.” Sven’s agonizing groans, and Isra’s wheezing gasps and coughs were like anvils crashing down on me, one after another. “Come on,” she said coaxingly. “Pick.” I shrieked, enraged and barely able to hold on to my other half as blood exploded from Sven like a geyser. Since Tristan hadn’t appeared in the past hour, I knew she had to be blocking him from feeling our pain. “The sun is coming up in a few minutes. Keep this up, and I may just have to choose for you.”
“I will not choose between the two,” I said through gritted teeth and growled low in my throat.
Roxana sighed, releasing both Isra and Sven. “Very well,” she said, and I doubled over, gasping as hunger slammed into me, more intense than I ever felt in my life. “You would rather suffer with your beast, then? Mind you, it will be worse than what your sire is going through. A week from now, he might have no choice but to kill you.”
“Freya!” Isra yelled as I hit the deck.
“Håll henne, bror.” I groaned, silently cursing the universe as I fought not to kill the nearest person to me.
“Yes, hold her, Sven,” Roxana said and chuckled as she crouched over me. A dark energy bolt slammed into me, and I screamed as my bones snapped and popped in my ears. “Well? Choose who dies, or Succumb to your beast. You’ll have the fangs, the claws. Like your sire. But unlike your sire, you’ll have a much, much harder time fighting her. So… make your choice.”
“No, no, no!” Isra yelled. Leave them, I silently growled to Roxana. I would rather suffer eternal torment than sacrifice any of them.
“As you wish,” Roxana said softly, and I let out a bloodcurdling scream as pain exploded throughout my entire body. My blood felt like it was smoldering as an invisible fist squeezed my heart. My eyes rolled to the back of my head, and I screamed as fangs shot from my lower gum and claws shot painfully from my fingertips. All of that was nothing compared to the horrendous snapping of a bond I would no longer feel. I screamed and writhed as blood along with unintelligible words spewed from my mouth. Roxana gave me a nod and dropped the bloody heart she was holding. It hit the deck with a loud splat, and I shrieked as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter One

{Present Day}

JAILYN

Tristan and Ari’s home was quiet, but the energy I could feel from the basement was cold, dangerous, deadly. With a heavy sigh, I opened the door and took the steps down into darkness. The urge to cry and break things were always there, but as always, I held back on the crying. Breathing deeply in and out, I turned down a recently renovated hall. Rory looked up from his phone and gave me a nod as he set it on the table beside him. I stopped in front of him and glanced at the heavy steel door that was to his right. “How is she?” I whispered and held my breath.
“She didn’t try to claw me open yet.”
“Well, I guess that’s a good start.” I took the key from his hand and turned to the door as he punched in numbers on the keypad beside it. Bracing myself for anything, I pulled the door open with a grunt. I stepped into the room and looked around. At the far corner of the room, Freya slept, naked and in chains. A danburite band encircle her right wrist, and she was curled up into a ball. I hesitated for the briefest of seconds, before walking over to her and dropping down beside her. I took one of her hands into mine, relieved to find that her claws weren’t out. The only person who could restrain her was her sire, and sometimes, Rory or Ari. It was kind of scary watching her and Tristan going at it like two enraged berserkers. She would have killed Sven the moment Roxana left, but his thousand years of subduing rogues kept him breathing. It took Tristan and a team of necromancers to knock her out, and it was only long enough to slip on the magic neutralizing band around her wrist. I was still surprised by the fact that she didn’t use magic on us. To this day, I was grateful. “Any progress?” Apparently, Rory was the only one who could remain in the same room as her without getting his eyes clawed out.
“Hmm.” Rory dropped down beside me and ran a hand down her spine. “She’s coherent for about half an hour.” He sighed and scowled. “Enough to hold a very long conversation.”
“Is that better than before?”
He nodded. “I’m hoping for an hour.”
“Yes,” I said and winced. “I heard.”
“Do you know what is like to shower with her?”
“Happy time?” He chuckled and shook his head. “Well, poor you.”
“Sometimes, she’s not focused enough to wash herself.” He winced. “So, I’m doing everything with one hand while leaning as far as I can go without falling.” I laughed under my breath as he mumbled something I couldn’t make out.
“What was that?” I asked and inclined my head.
“Nothing,” he muttered.
“Come now, it might be important.”
He looked to the ceiling and groaned. “It’s better that I show you.”
“What?” I asked cautiously and dropped Freya’s hand.
“You might want to stand on the other side of the room.” He smirked. “I think her lust is worse than her bite.”
“Oh?” I got to my feet and flashed to the door. Closing it with a loud snap, I leaned against it. Bracing himself, Rory trailed his fingers from her back, to her hip, and between her legs. He stroked her, and I stiffened as the temperature dropped. Freya came awake with a snarl, popping from the floor and her fangs aiming for Rory’s throat. He blurred out of her reach so fast that I barely caught it. Freya strained against the chains and let out a feral hiss. “Why not try kissing her?”
“I have,” he said dryly. “It’s nice, until she tries to rip out my throat.”
“So,” I said and nodded to Freya, who was snarling and panting. “Do you keep her like that?”
“Not such a great idea,” he muttered and approached her with his hand outstretched.
“She can’t focus on anything else until she’s partially satisfied,” I said and smirked. He scowled at me, and the chains clanged loudly as he mentally reached out and slammed Freya into the wall. He quickly closed the short distance to her and pressed his wrist to her fangs. Her hands shot up, clamping around his arm as she bit savagely into his wrist. He let out a stream of profanities as the only chair in the room shot toward him. He caught it and promptly sat in it as pain turned into lust. My eyes lowered to his erection, and I chuckled as it strained against his pants. He gave me a murderous look, even as his other hand shot out and grabbed Freya and pulled her onto his lap.
“Hold her hands for me?” he growled. I nodded and flashed over to them. Grabbing Freya’s wrists, I stared into her solid white eyes.
“Let go,” I said gently, and I winced as the full weight of my compulsion slammed into her. Freya released Rory’s arm, and I crouched before them as I locked her arms to her sides. Placing one hand on her thigh and one on the floor, I watched as Freya fought my compulsion. Rory’s hand quickly moved between her legs, and she arched into it as he slipped two fingers inside her and rubbed her swollen clit with his thumb. She moaned, and Rory winced, growling as he bared his fangs and arched his neck away from the alluring scent of her blood. Blue veins stood out in his neck, and I whistled under my breath as he stroked her fast and hard. Rory snarled, and then cursed vehemently as Freya slammed back against him. She was quickly draining him, and I watched intently as he lowered his fangs to her neck and bit her. He withdrew a couple of seconds later, and Freya screamed as he slipped a third finger inside her. She pulled away from his wrist, and she writhed, snarling as she came. She went limp against him, and I quickly grabbed Rory’s wrist. I closed my mouth over the bite wound, licking at it until all four punctured holes were gone. I grunted as Rory sent me sprawling, and I glanced up in time to see him yanking Freya back against him. “She was about to bite my head off, wasn’t she?” I asked and lifted myself up with my arms. He nodded, stroking her arm soothingly as she bared her fangs and snarled at me. I got to my feet and held up my hands, slowly backing away as I released her from my compulsion. When I was far enough out of her reach, he released her, and only the chains kept her from tearing my head off. “God damn,” I said with a heavy sigh as Rory got up and kicked the chair to the other side of the room. Freya yelped as he dropped her onto her ass. Before she could get back up, he crouched down and placed a hand on her shoulder, even as his other hand went between his legs protectively. From the massive erection still straining against his pants, he was nowhere near satisfied. My hands were still in the air, and I watched Freya closely as he spoke softly to her in Swedish. “English doesn’t get through to her?” He shook his head, and I glanced at the closed door as she growled. “I think I will uh… leave you to it,” I said slowly. “Unless you want to feed?” At that, Freya snarled and launched herself at me. Cursing, Rory growled and tackled her to the floor, grunting as he struggled to hold her. “Okay,” I said and pulled the door open. “Okay, I’m leaving now. See? I’m leaving,” I said loudly and stepped into the hall. Shaking my head, I pulled the door shut and turned to Casiar, who was leaning against the opposite wall and looking very amused.
“Everything went well in there?” he drawled.
I glared at him and growled. “You heard everything. You tell me.” He smirked and straightened from the wall. He pulled me into his arms, and I sighed as I snuggled into him. He nuzzled my hair and inhaled deeply, before growling low in his throat. I smirked as a certain part of him stirred to life. “Hey, it’s not my fault,” I muttered and wrapped my arms around him. Before he could reply, his head snapped back, and I lifted mine. Tilting my head to the side, I listened as Ari’s yells reached us. Letting out a heavy sigh, he tightened his hold around me and teleported.

FREYA

My surroundings swam in and out of focus, and I growled softly as I panted. I stared at Rory, and I groaned as I curled into myself. “Are you with me today?” he asked softly and brushed my hair out of my face. He cupped my chin and turned my head, until I was looking him in the eye. I bared my fangs and hissed, and he jerked his hand back as I snapped at him. “Okay,” he said slowly and held up his hands. “What is it that you want?” Oh, there was so many answers to that simple question. The red haze that was my vision blurred, and I blinked as grief settled over me like a black cloud. It had been a year—give or take a few days—since the death of my child, and I was still bleeding inside. “Ari’s about to give birth to her little girl. Any day now.” He reached out and ran his fingers through my hair. “Would you like to be there?” Swallowing hard, I ducked my head and breathed deeply in and out.
“I cannot,” I whispered. “You know this.” The sound of a door being opened barely registered, and I didn’t look up as Tristan came to crouch beside me. My mouth, already watering, watered some more, and I lifted my head before I could drool on the floor. My eyes landed on Ari standing outside the door, and she held up a hand as a growl escaped my throat. My eyes lowered to her stomach the size of a blue whale, and I half growled, and half laugh in amusement.
“Oh, yeah. Go ahead and laugh at me,” Ari said, sounding exasperated as she held her stomach protectively. “Eating my baby is out of the question,” she warned and scowled at me. At that, the baby’s rapid heartbeat grew louder and louder in my ears, and I stiffened as the blood of an infant filled my head. The chains rattled loudly as I placed my hands on the floor. Before I could move into a crouch, Tristan’s hands came down on my shoulders, and I stiffened. Ari poked at her stomach and narrowed her eyes on me. “Off. Limits,” she said firmly. “Do you understand?” She scowled. “How do you say that in Swedish? I don’t feel like thinking at the moment.” I winced as Tristan dug his fingers into my shoulders. “Jailyn?”
“Förstår du?” Jailyn replied from somewhere.
“Yes, that.” I growled, and I tensed as Tristan pulled me into his arms, giving me a warning squeeze before pressing his wrist to my mouth. I sucked in a sharp breath and hissed. He stiffened as I pulled back. With a snarl, I struck fast, hard, and deep. I barely heard Ari’s hissing grunt of pain over the loud ringing in my ears. I had no idea how long I was at his wrist, but the next thing I knew, a sharp pain lanced through my head. I held back a scream, but I couldn’t help the whimper that escaped my throat. Enough, Tristan hissed softly into my mind. The pain increased, and I groaned as my hands convulsed around his arm. That is enough, älskling. The sire bond flared between us, and though he didn’t repeat it for a third time, the urge to pull back was loud and clear. Unable to fight it, I pulled back with a snarl and lunged out of his arms. The chain connected to each of my wrist and ankle cuffs snapped taut, and I fumed as I fought to break free. A jolt ran through me, and my blood heated in warning. My fangs bared, I spun and launched myself at Ari. Even as pregnant as she was, she was still fast. Air whooshed out of me as her foot shot into my gut and sent me flying. Instead of hitting the wall, the chains pulled me to a stop. The cuffs dug into my wrists and ankles, and I screamed in rage as I hit the floor. The dripping sound of my blood was loud as I scraped my claws along the floor. I heard voices, but it was like listening to a horrible radio.
“Freya?” Rory penetrated my mind, and I snarled as the red haze of my vision deepened. I strained against the cuff, hissing as I flashed to my feet. Before I could bury my fangs into Jailyn’s jugular, cold hands wrapped around my throat and pulled me backward.
“No,” Casiar growled in my ear as I struggled to pry his hands from my neck. My claws tore at his arms, and he snarled as he released me. My world spun, and I grunted as he slammed me to the floor. I snarled and kicked him across the room. White-hot pain exploded in my head, and I screamed as I clutched at it and writhed.
“Son of a bitch!” Rory exclaimed and snarled in pain. “Brianna,” he growled.
“Sorry,” the fledgling said, and I gasped as the pain lifted. “So uh… I found these in her freezer.” She tossed several bags of frozen blood at me, and I grunted as they landed more or less on my stomach. Panting, I picked up one and squinted at the label. “You know how many bags of blood she has in her lab? Fucking millions.”
“I doubt she has that much blood,” Ari drawled. “Besides, most of them are demon blood.”
“And witch, and vampire, and shifter, and…”
Ari held up her hands. “You made your point.” Tristan plucked the bag of blood from my hand, and one of them glowed orange as he melted it. After a moment, the hot sweet scent of witch, shifter, human, and vampire blood filled the air. I snatched it from him before he could drink it himself. Growling, he snatched up another frozen bag and moved out of my reach. I glanced down at the five remaining bags and scowled. I tilted my head back and poured the contents down my throat, groaning. Rory and Jailyn melted the rest of the bags, popping each one to my fangs before I could attack the nearest thing to me.
“You should make more,” Brianna said and hesitated before stepping into the room. “Those were the last bags I could find.” She winced. “I’m surprise you had a year supply.”
“I assure you,” I said slowly, drawing out the words. “It was not intentional.”
She nodded, and then pouted. “Next time, share with the rest of us.”
“I will be sure to do that,” I whispered, and without any warning, I snapped the chains. Brianna screamed as I flashed toward her, sending her flying into Tristan as I blurred from the room.


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

RORY

I blinked, staring at the door Freya had just disappeared through. “Well,” Casiar said with a heavy sigh. “Fuck.”
“Damn,” Ari muttered. I glanced up at the ceiling and rolled my eyes in half annoyance and half amusement. Tristan growled and vanished into thin air. With a scowl, I teleported after him.
When I didn’t brain myself, or found myself between something I shouldn’t be, I let out a relieved sigh. Teleporting wasn’t exactly… under the basic magic category. Stepping up to Tristan’s side, I looked down into the alley and winced. Freya had her fangs in one of the rogue’s throat and was telekinetically and repeatedly slamming the second rogue’s head into the brick wall. She had the sense to dress herself, but she didn’t have her standard hunting gear on her. A female human stood silently a few feet away, staring blankly at nothing. She hadn’t attacked an innocent yet, and it was going to remain that way if I had anything to say about it. She released the first rogue and let out a snarl as she spun on the second one. A tingle ran down my spine, and I stiffened as I forced myself not to reach for a weapon. I knew that Sven, Sergei, Cole, and Brynna had followed just in case Freya lost it, but still. I glanced at Sven and gave him a slight nod. Beside me, Tristan was as still as the dead, not even breathing as he watched Freya intently. When she was done draining both rogues, she tore them apart, hissing and spitting as she disemboweled them with her claws. Snarling, she smashed the heads against the ground, and she shook in rage as she slowly withdrew her hands and stood up. Heaving for breath, the alley lit up as she tossed several fireballs at the mess of blood and gore. When it was over, she stood there, going still as she glanced up at the night sky. A long minute later, she turned to the human and closed the short distance between them. She leaned in and whispered in her ear. The human blinked in confusion, before shrugging and walking from the alley. “Are you going to stand up there all night?” she asked mildly. I glanced at Tristan, before descending to the ground behind her. She turned, and I tried my best to ignore the scent of blood that covered her hands. She stepped forward, even as she glanced down at her hands. Tristan landed behind her, and she sidestepped, until she had us in her line of sight. She held out her hand—the one with the band—to Tristan and waited expectantly. He took it, pulling her to him. Cupping her chin with his other hand, he tilted her head back and stared deeply into her eyes. A second later, she winced. With a growling sigh, she relaxed slightly, and I grimaced as Tristan’s biting aura washed over her. He hesitated, and his eyes went distant. After a moment, he refocused on Freya and let out a sigh.
“Do not,” he growled. “Make me regret this.” With that, he removed the band and slipped it into his pocket. He nuzzled her hair, saying something to her that even I couldn’t hear. Freya swallowed hard and nodded to whatever he said. He released her and took a step back. He took one last look around the alley and launched himself into the sky.
“What did he say?” I asked quietly and pulled her to me. She turned, wrapping her arms around me as she rested her head on my shoulder. She let out a weary sigh and shrugged. I held her tighter, seriously hoping she wasn’t going to breakdown and cry. If that happened, it was closely followed by clawing, stabbing, and other… unpleasant things, until her beast was an inch from surfacing. “You’re not going to tell me, are you?”
“Hmm,” she said softly, thoughtfully. “Perhaps later.” She tightened her hold on me, and her magic prickled along my skin as everything went dark.
Appearing inside Sven’s office, she pulled back from me and ducked through the opposite door and headed for the bathroom. Scowling, I pulled off my bloody shirt and dropped it onto Sven’s desk. “I think she’s going to ask for her job back,” I said dryly to the hunter, who was leaning back in his chair and watching me. He grunted, tossing a packet of wet wipes to me. I caught it and ripped open the plastic. Wiping off the blood, I glanced around his office. Catching the lingering scent of Liana in the air, she had been here recently. “Do I have blood in my hair?”
“No,” Freya said from behind me. I turned and scowled at her as she shut the door with a loud snap. Dressed in black sweatpants and T-shirt, she shoved her hands into the pockets and leaned against the wall beside the door. She eyed me up and down, and all the blood traveled southward as her arousal filled the air. Behind me, Sven cleared his throat. Freya blinked, and I glared at her. She smiled as someone tossed a shirt at me.
“Put that on,” Liana said dryly. “No one wants a show.”
“Pity,” Freya said flatly as I shrugged it on. “Are you sure?” she asked, directing the question at Liana.
“Yes,” she said and held up her hands. Freya chuckled and straightened as I turned to face Sven.
“You’re quiet in all this,” I said and smirked.
“What is there to say?” he asked, amused. Shaking my head, I dropped into the nearest chair. “Come here,” he said, holding out a hand to Freya. She closed the short distance between them, and I scowled at the silent conversation that they were having. She growled, and he growled right back, pulling her into his arms.
“Is this really necessary?” she asked, sounding more annoyed than angry.
He arched an eyebrow. “Bond and your job back, or no job until I say so. And before you protest any further, I know Rory and Tristan can keep track of you as easy as breathing.” He paused, hesitating.
“There is no need to say more,” she said quietly. “I understand.” Pulling back from him slightly, she held up her wrist to him. Taking hold of it with one hand, Sven bent his head and sank his fangs in deep. He pulled once, twice, and reluctantly withdrew with a growl. Freya made to pull back, but he held on as his tongue darted out and licked at the bite wound. She pouted, stepping back as he stood.
“Wait here,” he said and disappeared. I blinked and glanced over at Liana.
“Her stuff is at his home office,” she said and walked over to us. She stopped before Freya and inclined her head. “Can I give you a hug? Or is that more of a bad idea than before?” she asked, and not waiting for an answer, she yanked Freya to her. She stiffened, but after a moment, she awkwardly hugged liana back. Sven reappeared beside them, a bundle of clothes in his arms. He set it on the desk and shrugged the messenger bag from his shoulder with a shudder. I smirked as Freya chuckled and took the bag from him.
“Thank you,” she said softly and began pulling handcuffs, stakes, sheathed knives, and everything that hunters carried on them from the pile of clothes.
“Tomorrow night,” Sven said and eyed her thoughtfully. “Unless you want to start sooner?”
She nodded, disappearing into the other room. “I do.”
Sven scowled and glanced at me. “What say you?”
I shrugged. “I can take her with me. Since I was planning to infiltrate a hideout I’ve been spying on for the past couple of months…”
“Ari okay with it?”
“She’ll most likely be.”
He frowned. “I was planning to hit it tonight.”
I smirked. “Even better. Is Ari joining us?”
He made a choking coughing sound and shrugged. “I… don’t think so. If she does…”
“She is,” Liana said and winced.
“You’re… you’re not serious,” I said as Sven spluttered, and then growled.
“Oh, but she is,” Freya growled and wrapped her arms around me from behind.
“She is not,” Tristan snarled, appearing in the office with a blast of angry energy that nearly took my head off.
“You know,” Sven said and dropped into his chair. “How many arguments have you won so far?” Tristan let out a feral snarl, and the lights overhead sizzled and popped. “I’ll take that to be… zero.”
“Not this time.” I inwardly winced.
“Are you going to chain her up?”
“The thought is very… tempting.”
“Let us go,” Freya breathed in my ear as her magic surrounded us. A second later, everything went dark. Cool winter air greeted us as we appeared behind one of the abandoned buildings. I turned in Freya’s arms, giving her a peck on the mouth before pulling away and flashing across the open space of parking lot. Cloaking myself, I slipped into the thickest shadows and homed in on my senses as we waited for the others.

HANNAH

I stared out the window of Sarisa’s office, holding a sleeping Arvind on my hip as I squinted. On the other side, Jillian sat on the floor, humming to herself as she played with colorful marbles. I turned to watch her, picking up handfuls of marbles and throwing them back into the metal container in front of her. Outside the office, the sound of voices and slamming doors reached me as either vampires, shifters, or witches walked up and down the hall to wherever they were going. A chill skittered down my spine, and I stiffened at the sound of the door closing. I took in a deep breath and turned as Arvind stirred in my arm. I looked down and stared as his sleepy blue eyes blinked open. He yawned, grabbing hold of my shirt and clenching it in his fist as he stared at Sergei. My daughter, on the other hand, just ignored us and continued playing. Sergei held out his hand to me, and Arvind slid to the floor as I held out my own to shake his. “Sarisa will be here in a few minutes,” he growled softly, and my fingers twitched against his cold palm. “Why don’t you—” He broke off and dropped my hand, moving so fast that it gave me whiplash. Blinking, I turned and gaped as he plucked a green marble from my daughter before she could put it into her mouth. “No,” he said admonishingly as she blinked up at him innocently.
“Jillian!” I exclaimed as I rushed over to them. “What have I told you about putting things into your mouth?” Sergei put a hand on the container of marbles and gently tugged it away from her.
“Let’s find you something else to play with, sweetheart.” Silently cursing, I bent and lifted her into my arms.
“Sorry,” I said and scowled. “She’ usually good about not putting things that aren’t food into her mouth.”
He chuckled, dropping the green marble back into the container. “Children will do what children do,” he said and set it on top of the filing cabinet, far out of reach of Jillian and Arvind. Speaking of Arvind, I glanced around the office and found him staring fixatedly at the computer.
“Arvind? What are you doing?” I asked.
“Bubble,” he said and nodded. “Bubble.”
“Bubbles?” Sarisa asked as she entered. I nearly jumped out of my skin at the sound of her voice. She looked around and blinked. “Oh.” The screensaver on the monitor had light blue bubbles shooting into the air before popping and repeating. “You’re right.” She walked over to Astrid’s little boy and plucked him off the floor. She bounced him in her arms and smiled. “How did you get to be so smart?”
“Bubbles,” he said dreamily, his eyes never leaving the computer.
Sergei chuckled and walked over to them. “I think he likes bubbles,” he said, amused as he ruffled Arvind’s fine blond hair. Sarisa laughed softly and pressed a kiss to the child’s forehead. Astrid appeared in the doorway and smiled as Sarisa and I walked over to her. She and I set Arvind and Jillian on their feet as Sergei came to stand behind me.
“Come on,” Astrid said and picked up her son. “Let’s head downstairs and see what awesome toys Natalia has.” She picked up my daughter, giving us a nod before turning right and walking down the hall. She disappeared around the corner, and my skin crawled as Freya appeared from nowhere. I knew who she was, but we never actually met before. I took a step back, and I froze as her eyes landed on me. Other than the noise off in the distance, it was silent as she studied me intently.
“Hannah Sulli, is it not?”
I gulped. “Sundstrom. Hannah Sundstrom.” She stilled, and my mouth went dry as I broke out in a cold sweat. Hot and cold wave of sensation washed over me as black dots danced in my vision.
“Sundström?” Freya asked and smiled. “I did not realize you are married. I have heard that you were estranged from your… boyfriend.” She paused. “Did I hear wrong?”
I shook my head, trying very hard not to faint. “Sulli is his last name, and—” I broke off, not even daring to breathe as something cold flickered in her eyes.
“I see,” she whispered. “No need to say more.” I blinked. “You are projecting, little witch.” Sarisa gasped, and I just continued to blink at her in confusion. Freya smiled, and it was a cold, cold smile. She took a step toward me, and my spine tingled as Sergei and Sarisa did the same. “Oh, I will not harm her,” she said quietly. I… was nowhere near convinced. “Her magic is diluted.”
“Hannah, sorry in advance, but don’t scream,” Sarisa said, and I gasped as she grabbed me, nuzzling the side of my neck. She moved to the hollow of my throat and inhaled deeply, sniffing me. She kept at it, until I thought I was going to slip into full panic mode. “Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and pulled back. A pissed off Tristan appeared at Freya’s side a second later, and if looks could kill, Sarisa would be a pile of ash on the floor. She quickly pointed a finger at Freya, at me, and arched an eyebrow. “Sniff her.” I opened my mouth to protest, but a squeak escaped my throat as his hands landed on my shoulders. I held back a scream as his tongue licked at the pulse in my neck as he inhaled deeply. After a moment, he let out a low growl and jerked away from me, as if he had been punched. “Holy shit!” Sarisa exclaimed. “So, it’s true?” He grunted, nodding. “Do you know what her primary is? Or will be?” He shook his head and disappeared into thin air. “Bye to you, too,” she muttered. “Let me know when she’s ready to give birth!” she shouted, and then yelped as she staggered back a step. “What crawled up his ass and died?” she asked no one in particular. Sergei pulled her into his arms, chuckling.
“Come with me,” Freya said softly into my ear, putting a hand on my shoulder as my world wavered in and out of focus. “You will not pass out,” she continued and tightened her grip as she gently, but firmly, pushed me into the hall. I glanced over my shoulder, gulping as Sergei and Sarisa’s eyes followed us, until we turned a corner and headed for the elevator. She pulled me to a stop and gently turned me to face her. She looked like she was in agony, and I realized she was trying to keep her breathing under control. She cupped my chin with a frigid hand and tilted my head back, until I was staring into her solid white eyes. My vision blurred, and I suddenly felt weightless, as if I was in a dream. She trailed a finger up and down my neck as she watched me. I blinked, pressing a hand to my stomach as I looked around for Freya. She was standing by one of the exit doors, one hand on the push bar. I slowly walked toward her, swallowing hard as her eyes followed my every movement. “How old are you?” I stopped before her and just stared up at her.
“Twenty-four,” I said and took in a deep breath.
“Are you…” she paused and scowled. “How do you put it? Up to speed with the supernatural world?”
“Kind of?” I replied hesitantly. “Did you compel me?” I blurted out before I could stop myself. She gave me a chilling smile, and I shuddered.
“I did,” she said softly. “I was going to compel you to not be afraid, but I had a mind not to at the last moment.”
“Why?”
“It is better that you come to terms with your fears of the unknown,” she said and pushed open the door. “On your own time, at your own pace.” She stepped outside, and I followed her as she led me into a small clearing. There was a stump in the middle of it, and I walked over as I peered around. I sat down and rested my elbows on my thighs as I lowered my chin into my hands. “I must go,” Freya said as a thick, red bound book appeared in her hands. I took it from her and eyed the title.
“You want me to read this?”
“Yes.”
“Do I have a deadline?”
She chuckled. “No, but I would like for you to read it. If you have questions, do not be afraid to ask any one of us.”
I nodded. “I’ll grab myself a sandwich or two and start skimming while I eat.”
“Excellent.”
“Can I rope in Astrid to join me?” She nodded. “What about my magic? You said it’s diluted. Will I be able to do it?”
“Yes, but we will talk about it later. Right now, I must get going.”
I nodded. “Thanks.”
“Do not mention it,” she said and vanished into the shadows. I hugged the book protectively to my chest and got up. Looking around, I walked back the way I came.
“Hannah!” Someone called to me, and I turned as Brianna and Ashley ran up.
“Where you headed?” Brianna asked and glanced at the book I was holding.
“To the kitchen,” I said and smirked. “I’m starving.”
“Mind if we join you?”
“Not at all.”
“Awesome.” She grabbed my arm and Ashley’s shirt. “Teleporting incoming.” I nodded, and everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

ARI

“Sit down,” I said exasperatedly and grabbed a fistful of Tristan’s shirt, pulling him to a stop. He had been growling and pacing around the room for the past half hour, and I was seriously contemplating chaining him up just to make him stop. He took my hand into his and pushed my legs apart, until he was as close to me as he could get. I looked down at my stomach and scowled. “You’re in the way,” I growled and patted it. I yelped as I felt a hard kick against my hand, and I laughed softly. Tristan growled, and I reached up, pulling him down to me. “Don’t growl at our child. It’s bad for her mental stability,” I said and kissed him. My tongue slipped into his mouth, and I smirked as he stiffened. Still growling, he cupped my chin, tilting my head back as he deepened the kiss. His tongue stroked against mine, and I sighed as he ran his fingers through my hair, until his cool hand wrapped around the back of my neck. I placed my hands on his arms, gasping as I pulled away. Tristan took a step back, and we both looked to the floor. “Oh,” I said casually as I stared at the pool of water. “That’s… not good.” I almost laughed at the terrified expression on his face. “So, will this be like a human birth?”
“No,” he growled, and I stared in horror as blood began to mix with the water. Sarisa! I all but shrieked into her mind. She appeared before I even finished calling her name. Sergei wasn’t far behind her.
“Want me to call off the hit?” Sergei asked, directing the question to Tristan. “No one has moved yet.”
“It’s already done,” Sven said as he and Freya appeared. Sarisa nodded, putting a hand on my shoulder before teleporting.
“How far apart are you?” Sarisa asked, steadying me as we appeared in the infirmary.
“Ten minutes,” I said and tried very hard not to groan in pain as another contraction hit me, one after another. “Never mind,” I gasped as my clothes vanished. Skyler burst through the doorway, looking… well, like a kid on Christmas morning.
“Okay,” Sarisa said and lifted me onto the bed. “Let’s get blood into you.” Astrid appeared and rushed to Sarisa’s side. “I need two volunteers.” Tristan growled, and Sarisa smirked. “Okay, one volunteer.”
“Me,” Skyler said and snatched the IV from her.
“Do you know how to administer that?”
“Nope.”
“Get on with it!” I yelled. “I’m bleeding to death over here!”
“Right,” Sarisa said with a heavy sigh and quickly hooked me up to Tristan and Skyler. “Freya, are you going to be okay?”
“She will,” Sven said and dragged her to the door. Once there, he wrapped his arms around her, prepared to hold her back if needed. I continued to yell, groaning as Sergei held my legs off the bed. Sarisa checked me over, and I guess she was satisfied, because she nodded as she reached between my legs. The bed rose, until I was half sitting.
“Remember, we’re not humans,” she said to Astrid as I continued to bleed. “Push.” I did as I was told, and I was seriously going to murder someone when this was all over. Instead of counting like the mothers giving birth on TV that Skyler forced me to watch, Sarisa placed her glowing hands on my head and moved them downward. I let out a scream at the sharp pain in my lower stomach, and she cursed. “Come on, you little spawn. No biting,” she chided. I blinked at her, but continued to push. “One more.” I gave a final push and snarled in relief as she caught said spawn in her hands. After a moment, she carefully settled a snapping baby against me. I stared at the wriggling thing as I processed the fact that I had a daughter. Sarisa cleared her throat, and I slowly raised my arms, until I was holding her. Reassured I wasn’t going to drop her, she let go and moved back between my legs. I just stared and gently, tentatively rubbed her belly. I froze as she took in a breath, and with her eyes still closed, she wailed like there was no tomorrow. Sarisa’s hand froze, and then she smiled. “I was wondering if you were going to growl or cry.” Her healing magic poured into me, and I couldn’t help it but moan in pleasure. After a moment, she removed her hand and plucked the infant from me. “Let’s wipe all this blood off you, you little tadpole.” I glanced at Tristan, who looked somewhere between disbelief and… something else I couldn’t make out as Sarisa held the baby out to him. “You want to cut the umbilical cord?” she asked and clamped said cord. She handed him a weird-looking scissor and smirked. Skyler suddenly burst into tears, and I bolted upright. Sergei quickly removed the IVs as I frowned at her.
“Shouldn’t I be the one crying?” I asked in amusement. Out the corner of my eye, I watched as Tristan hesitate for a moment, before cutting. I took care of the placenta, Sarisa said into my mind. While you were busy admiring the spawn. I mentally nodded.
“Shut up,” Skyler said and sniffled. I glanced over at Sven and Freya, wincing as my daughter’s wails turned into an earsplitting shriek. I slipped out of bed, and Tristan caught me before I could do a header with the floor. We walked over to Sarisa, and I waited as she did a scan.
“Shit,” she whispered, and I stiffened as her glowing finger slowly traveled to the infant’s left ear. She stroked it, and she smiled as the shrieking turned into little whimpers. “Feel better?” she asked, still whispering. I leaned into Tristan, watching as she plucked each finger and toe as she counted. “And you have teeth,” she said and stroked her cheek. “What will you name her?” she asked and looked up at us. Tristan and I glanced at each other, before looking to Skyler. It appears, Sarisa said silently into our minds. Your little spawn has heightened senses; even touching her hurts. Right now, I’m blocking her from feeling any discomfort. One of you must take over at home. Tristan and I nodded as Skyler came to stand next to me. She peered at the fussing infant in Sarisa’s arms thoughtfully. I slipped into her mind and plucked out the name. It was a tossup between Zaira and Nova. I smiled and projected it to Tristan.
“Nova,” Skyler said as Kira poked her head in, nodding emphatically. I looked to Tristan, waiting as he thought it over. After a moment, he nodded.
“Nova it is,” Sarisa said cheerfully. “Will she be having a middle name?”
“Just Nova,” I said and took a step closer.
“Stanton or Tronis?” I smirked as Tristan grimaced.
“Stanton,” he growled and pressed a cool finger to my mouth. “Not a word,” he warned. I smiled, and Astrid laughed softly as she came over. Sarisa grinned, her hand moving to Nova’s right foot.
“I beg you to not rip my head off,” she said. “But I must do this.” I nodded, and she pinched the skin between Nova’s toes. The baby opened her mouth and let out another wail. “Good,” she said, and we got a good look inside her mouth. Sure enough, she had teeth, and they looked sharp. On top of all that, she had two tiny fangs. I eyed them and inwardly winced.
“That is just… scary,” Astrid said and shuddered.
“All right,” Sarisa said and lifted Nova higher. “I’ll bathe and dress her. She’ll be back before you know it. In the meantime, I want you to feed. No. Sex.”
“You just ruin everything,” I said and spluttered.
“Too bad. No sex for a year.”
“You’re joking. Tell me you’re joking.” I growled and glared at Skyler and Astrid, who were trying very hard not to laugh and failing miserably. It was made more impossible, because I could hear Kira, Brianna, Natalia, and the other fledglings laughing their asses off out in the hallway. She smiled and vanished. I turned to Sergei and scowled at him. “I’m going to put her head through a wall.”
“Feel free,” he said and chuckled. “I won’t even stop you.”
“Are you going to have sex?” Skyler asked and peered up at me. “If so, let us know in advance.”
“You,” I said and spluttered. “You all are impossible.” I continued to splutter as Tristan led me into the bathroom. “No,” I said matter-of-factly. “I’m not going to have sex.” Astrid and Skyler followed us in as I huffed in exasperation. Also, I was going to bitch-slap Tristan, because his ass looked oh so amused as he held onto me while I got into the shower.
“Hey,” Skyler said and handed me a washcloth. “At least you’re not bleeding down there.” I looked down and grimaced at all the dry blood between my thighs. Muttering under my breath, I reached up and closed my hand over Tristan’s. I gave a reassuring squeeze, and he slowly released me. When he was sure I wasn’t going to slip and crack my skull open, he nodded and took several steps back. He leaned against the sink counter, and I sighed as I turned on the shower. I quickly washed the blood off me and shampooed my hair as Skyler and Astrid walked in and out of the bathroom. I shut off the water and stepped out, taking the fluffy dark blue towel from Tristan. Astrid grunted as she lifted the plastic bin full of water from the sink. Amused, I grabbed my clothes off the toilet seat and dressed. Finger combing my hair, I walked back to the hospital bed and sat. Sarisa appeared beside me, and I still couldn’t process it as she placed a sleeping Nova in my arms. Dressed in a short sleeved, light blue onesie, white socks and mittens, I hugged her to me and just stared. Skyler let out a squeal as she hovered over us. Smirking, I held Nova out to Tristan.
“Want to hold her?” I asked and tried very hard not to laugh at his expression.
“Yes!” Skyler exclaimed and lifted her from me.
“Hey! You’re not Tristan.”
“I know,” she said and cooed at her, petting her head as she peered closely at it. “I can’t tell if her hair is blonde, red, or the mix of the two.”

Strawberry blonde?” Astrid asked as she came over to have a closer look. “Since she’s not human, maybe her hair won’t change color as she gets older.” Skyler nodded, placing the baby against Tristan’s chest before he could take a step back. Looking like he was about to bolt for the nearest exit, he reluctantly, carefully held our daughter in his arms. And yes, he had the good sense to support her head as he did so. The hunger in his eyes grew, and he wasn’t even breathing as he peered down at her.
“May I?” Freya asked, calm as ever as she came over with something in her hand. She and Sven had vanished minutes ago, and even though hunger still lingered in her eyes, it wasn’t as pronounced as earlier. She must have gored herself before returning, and she must have done something magical, because she reached out and closed her fingers around my daughter’s right foot. Tugging the sock down, until it was half off, she tied a braded purple and blue bracelet made from bead strings around her ankle. She smiled as she pulled the sock back up, giving the foot a gentle squeeze as she stepped back.
“What does that do?” Tristan asked softly as he stroked Nova’s plump cheek with a finger.
“It is a good luck bracelet,” she said mildly, and I chuckled as he turned his head to stare at her. “What?” she asked defensively. “Nothing wrong with a good luck bracelet.”
“Freya,” he growled, and she smiled as she reached out and patted Nova on the leg, which kicked up and out, batting at Freya’s hand with her foot.
“The bracelet will suppress her heighten abilities,” Freya said, seriousness back in place. “It will adjust with her as she grows.” She smiled. “I made it during one of my lucid moments.”
“Thank you.” I frowned. “How old do you think she will be able to handle it?” I asked.
“I say once she reaches the age of five. At that time, slowly introduce her to her heightened senses, until she is used to them.” Tristan grunted, and I nodded. Freya stepped toward me and sat down beside me, holding out her wrist. “Do not argue,” she said firmly, and I sighed as I took her arm. Peering at her out the corner of my eye, I sank my fangs in deep and pulled hard. I stopped pulling at her wrist a second later and froze as an ear-piercing wail filled the room. Tristan cursed, and then pricked his finger against one of Nova’s fangs. I slowly pulled at Freya’s wrist, watching as a trickle of blood went down her throat. Her wails mercifully turned into a gurgle, before she started up all over again. Tristan eyed her mouth, as if wondering how to feed her. For one, her fangs weren’t long enough to bite into a wrist. He glanced at me, and I shrugged, shuddering as I continued to pull Freya’s blood down my throat.
Try having her bite into your hand,” Astrid said and shrugged. Nova squirmed and flailed in Tristan’s arm like a demented baby, and my eyes went wide as her fangs extended to their full length. I took one last pull and swallowed as I withdrew my fangs. Growling, Tristan struggled to keep our daughter from falling as he put a finger into her mouth. She suddenly stopped wailing, and Tristan let out a grunt, looking relieved as a snuffling, squeaking-like sound escaped her.
“I think that’s the sound of a happy vampire baby,” Sarisa said in amusement as she came over to me, a piece of paper in her hand. “Eight and a half pounds, twenty-two inches, and she has ten fingers, ten toes, all the right parts in the right places.” She smiled, and we glanced over at the baby in question.
“She’s asleep,” Tristan said softly, even as he carefully pulled his finger out. He watched the two very tiny holes in his hand heal in a heartbeat and shook his head. I reached for our daughter, and I smiled as he reluctantly put her in my arms.
“I think your father is in love with you,” I whispered and chuckled as Tristan shot me a murderous look. Sarisa opened her mouth, but nothing came out as she stared wide-eyed at something. A jolt slammed into me a second later, and I gasped, my eyes going wide as Tristan staggered backward, hissing. “What’s happening?” I asked, shuddering as what felt like an electric current ran through me. Freya sucked in a gasping breath, and then she and Tristan fell to the floor. I would have fallen back on the bed myself, but Sergei’s hand on me prevented it. I looked to Skyler, who was being held up by Astrid. She stared at me, blinking as her mouth opened and closed. “Skyler? Sarisa? Freya? What happened?” Freya took in a deep breath and pushed herself into a sitting position.
“Aura merge,” the witch said, breathing heavily. “Have you heard of it?”
“No,” Skyler, Astrid, and I said in unison. Tristan, Sarisa, and Sergei nodded, and I scowled at them.
“What is that?” Sergei came around the bed, and I yelped as he blew something into my face. I blinked, and then blinked again as I looked around the room. I stared at Tristan and gaped at what looked like an angry black cloud with pulsing, dark red tendrils everywhere swirling around him. “Wow,” I said and swallowed hard. I glanced at Sarisa and the others, who had the same swirling cloud around them, but it was just dark, dark red. I took in a deep breath and glanced down at Nova. I blinked at the shimmering gold around her, as three golden tendrils stretched toward Tristan, Sven, and Freya. Tristan got to his feet and closed the distance between us. He placed a hand on Nova’s head, and he let out a grunt, shuddering as the golden tendril spread throughout his aura. “Does this mean he will be nicer?” I asked and smirked.
Freya chuckled and shook her head. “Just because it is gold in color, it does not mean it will change his personality for the better. It will, however, make him more… over protective.”
“Oh, good. If he turned into a sobbing four-year-old, and nicey-nice, I just may have to—” Tristan slapped his hand over my mouth and glared daggers at me. I just… looked back at him innocently.
“Don’t you dare finish that sentence,” he warned, and I smiled, nodding. He dropped his hand and sat on the bed beside me, pulling me into his side.
“Did you know your stomach is back to normal?” Astrid asked and came to stand in front of me. I blinked at her. “It’d take a human like months to get their baby belly back to normal.”
“Oh,” I said and nodded. “I think it went down when Sarisa healed me.”
“It did,” Sarisa said as she brought in a cradle. “Okay, the others are about ready to stab me to death if I don’t allow them to visit.” She eyed me thoughtfully. “Into the next room. Just you, Tristan, and the tadpole.”
I frowned at her. “Don’t call her that.” She smiled, watching as Tristan pulled me to my feet and led me into the next room. Thankfully, it was freed of blood.
“You know,” Astrid said from the doorway. “That was the fastest delivery I’ve ever seen.”
“Come in,” I said and dropped into the chair that was beside the bed. Astrid hesitated for the briefest of seconds, before nodding and stepping into the room. “Would you like to hold her?” She sat on the bed and eyed Nova cautiously. “I won’t let her bite you,” I said and held out my daughter to her. “I promise.” Astrid nodded, looking wary as she took the baby, who finally blinked open her eyes. I froze, and Tristan sucked in a sharp breath. Emerald green eyes stared into my own, and an overwhelming emotion crashed into me, making it impossible to breathe. The urge to protect her surged up within me, and I almost, almost snatched her from Astrid. “Oh,” I said breathlessly. “Fuck.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

ASTRID

I stood before the door that led into Freya’s lab and shuddered. Opening the door, I peeked inside. “Are you looking for me?” A cool voice asked from behind me. I yelped, and before I could spin around, hands landed on my shoulders, slowly turning me. Freya’s white eyes met mine, and I gulped. “What are you doing here?” I remained silent, staring at her.
“How did you get in here?” Rory called from the direction of the kitchen.
“She is related to Tristan,” Freya said and dropped her hands from me. “Anybody in his bloodline can enter.”
“Hmm.” He grunted, appearing suddenly behind her. “That may be a problem.”
“Yes,” she said with a heavy sigh. “I will adjust it when needed.” He nodded. “Astrid, would you like something to eat or drink?”
I blinked. “Um… sure?”
Rory chuckled. “Do we even have anything?”
“Most likely not,” Freya said as she led me into the kitchen. Rory pulled out a chair for me at the table, and I sat, eyeing Freya suspiciously as she opened the refrigerator. “I have something here that reads… ‘Green bean casserole’.” She looked at me dubiously.
“Green bean casserole for breakfast. That sounds… lovely,” I said and laughed. “Um, do you know how to cook?” I asked and prayed my head wouldn’t go flying.
“Ah…”
“Rory?”
“Microwavable food,” Rory said and shrugged.
“Do you guys eat human food?”
“Um… not really.” Freya closed the refrigerator and walked over to the stove, eyeing it warily.
“What about you? Do you know how to cook?”
“I’m… not bad.” Freya arched a disbelieving eyebrow and strode from the kitchen. I turned in my chair, watching her as she walked to the front door and opened it.
“Hey, Astrid,” Skyler said and stepped inside. “How are you feeling about cheese, eggs and sausage muffins?” She asked and held up a McDonald bag. In response, my stomach let out a loud growl that could be heard from a mile away. The three vampires glanced at it, and my cheeks heated in embarrassment. “I’ll take that as a very good sign.” Rory took the drink trey that held two large cups of orange juice from her and set it on the table. “And before you yell at me, I paid.” She smirked. “With my own money, even.”
“Thanks,” I said and grabbed one of the hot muffins from the bag. “How many did you get?”
“Eight. And it came with two hash browns each so… all the better,” she said and set two said hash browns beside my muffin. “You want some? Freya? Rory?” I unwrapped my food and took a bite, before looking up at them.
“No, thank you,” Freya said and dropped into the chair across from me.
“More for us, then.” Rory rounded the table and dropped into the chair beside Freya, before frowning at us. “What?” Skyler asked defensively as I took a long drink of my orange juice. The damn muffin was so small that I finished the first one in a few bites. Skyler dropped a second one in front of me, and I smirked as I unwrapped it. Picking up one of the hash browns, I bit off a large piece and eyed Freya cautiously.
“Nothing,” said Rory. “It’s amusing watching you eat.” She snorted, and I froze as Freya touched my hand with cold fingers.
“You have not answered my question,” she said softly. Oh, right.
“My sister,” I said and continued eating. “I um…” I frowned, trying to figure out just what to say. “Do you make magical charms? Or is that just in the books and movies?”
“Wait,” Skyler said and swallowed her mouthful of food. It was kind of weird watching her eat. After all, she only ate for the flavor and not for the nourishment it gave humans. “What are you on about?”
“Remember last month?”
“Hmm?”
“Shooting? Riverside? Library? Five dead? Standoff?”
“Yes, yes, I got it.” Freya, for her part, looked confused. Skyler glanced at her, and I frowned even more as I swallowed my last bite of hash brown.
“No!” Rory exclaimed, and then let out a string of curses that blistered my poor ears.
“Shit,” Skyler hissed and scowled. Freya’s eyes were glazed over, and I slowly, slowly got to my feet. And just as slowly, I walked over to the sink and washed my hands, even as I stared over my shoulder at Freya. Rory was… currently boring a hole in Skyler’s head, as if he wanted to melt her brain. “Sorry,” the fledgling squeaked, and I jumped as she appeared beside me.
“Thanks,” Rory said dryly. “Just thanks.”
“I said I was sorry.”
He sighed. “You did.” Ari suddenly appeared from nowhere, and Skyler yelped as her sire smacked her upside the head. She did it while holding a freaking baby in one arm, too.
“Ow!” Skyler exclaimed, rubbing her head and taking the paper towel I was holding out to her. I looked to Ari, who looked flushed and blinking rapidly, as if trying to keep herself focused. I tentatively reached out a hand, only to jerk it back as a low snarl escape her throat. Putting up both hands, I slowly went back to my chair.
“All right,” Rory said with a heavy sigh. “Let us head to the lab, and no one will lay a finger on Nova. Ari, do you hear me?” Ari blinked, and blinked some more, before slowly nodding. He walked over to her, wrapping a hand around her upper arm as he led us to the lab. Freya, no longer looking out of it, was silent as she followed. It was the creepy silence that made every hair on my body stand on end. I couldn’t help the slight shivers that came over me as I took the twenty steps down. Once there, Freya reached out a hand, and Ari yelped as a shudder ran through her. She held her daughter tighter, and I smiled, wishing I had my own son in my arms. But alas, he was with Bridget, and unlike the vampires, I couldn’t teleport him to me. I sighed and glared at Ari. She scowled at me, but said nothing as I walked over to one of the tables lined up with what looked a lot like potions. My spine tingled, and I resisted the urge to squirm as Freya came up behind me.
“Yes,” she said softly. “I can imbue magic into objects. The question is, what do you want it for?” She paused. “And why?” She put a hand on my shoulder, and I held back a shudder as she led me into another room. I was never going to get used to being around vampires, I thought and scowled in annoyance. Freya gently pushed me into a chair, and I eyed Rory suspiciously as he came to stand behind me.
“Not. Comforting,” I muttered.
“It wasn’t meant to be comforting,” Rory said, and I glanced over my shoulder at him, because he sounded like he was choking.
“Rory?” Skyler asked as Freya lunged for him. I quickly got to my feet and turned in time to see blood trickling from his mouth.
“What is it?” Ari growled, and I happily took Nova from her as she and Skyler went to Freya’s aid in keeping Rory from… whatever it was. I buried my nose in Nova’s hair, and I smiled at the fact that she smelled like… well, like a baby; baby powder, baby lotion, baby shampoo, and just… baby. I only hope that she remained asleep while I was holding her. Because tiny fangs or not, they were still sharp as fuck when biting into flesh. She was still dressed in a light blue onesie, just minus the socks and the mittens. I swallowed hard as I saw the half-inch, tiny sharp claws extended from her fingertips. I glanced at her feet, slightly relieved to find none there. She wriggled in my arms, one of her claws catching on my shirt like a cat as she made a squeaking sound.
“You’re a fat baby,” I whispered and laughed under my breath as she continued to make baby noises in her sleep. I glanced around the room and gaped as Rory coughed up blood. “Oh, that’s not good,” I muttered. “Not good at all.” After a long moment, Rory let out a snarl and wiped blood from his mouth, before vanishing into thin air.
“Where did he go?” Skyler asked and frowned as she got to her feet.
“One of his children is in trouble,” Freya said tightly and stepped around the puddle of blood, even as she held out a hand. I watched, as the puddle of blood rose into the air and evaporated, leaving nothing behind. Nova came awake with a soft cry, and Ari lifted her from my arms, carefully unhooking her claw from my shirt.
“So,” Freya growled under her breath. “Tell me, what is it that you wish me to create for this… sister of yours?”
“I’ll be back,” Ari said, putting a hand on Skyler and teleporting.
“I will not harm you, Astrid,” Freya said a minute later and held out a hand. “Kom, älskling.” I slowly reached out and held my breath as her cold hand closed over mine. She gave it a gentle squeeze, before everything went dark.
We appeared in what looked like a bedroom, but there was no bed or dresser to be seen. Instead, there were shelves after shelves of… random things; from coins, to statues, to jewelries, to all sizes and types of containers, to random articles of clothes, to things even I had no idea of what they were. Along one wall was a long rectangular table draped with purple cloth. She led me over to it, pulling out one of the two chairs. “Please, have a seat.” I slowly sat and swallowed hard at the look of some unleashed emotions in her eyes; disbelief, rage, grief, defiance. This… was a bad idea, I thought and held back the sudden tears that wanted out as she turned from me and walked over to one of the shelves. Fuck, I silently growled and mentally shook myself as she picked up one of the sealed containers. She brought it over and pulled out a chair, setting it on the table as she sat.
“I’m… I’m sorry,” I said softly. “I shouldn’t have come. I can’t imagine the loss of a child.” I shifted nervously and glanced at her. “It probably has more of an impact when you’re a vampire.”
“Yes,” she said softly, so soft I almost didn’t catch it. “It does not matter if you are a human or a vampire, the deaths of those close to you can be unbearable. But you are right, heightened emotions are sometimes a terrible, terrible curse. It has been a year, give or take. Yet, it feels like only yesterday.”
“This room reminds you of her,” I said quietly.
She hesitated and let out a long, shuddering sigh. “Yes, it does.” Ari, who had appeared a couple of minutes ago, came over and crouched between us. I looked around the room, and point to me for not making a sound of surprise when I saw Jailyn standing by one of the shelves. I tilted my head back, until I was staring up at the ceiling. I blew out a sharp breath and pressed my fingers into my eyes, feeling utterly terrible.
“There are no words to make it better,” I said and dropped my hands. “But I am… sorry.”
“I thank you, and I know that it was not your intent to bring up memories.” I nodded and straightened in my chair as Jailyn came over with an opaque cup in her hand. She set it before Freya, and I almost smiled as she held out a green bendy straw. Freya stared at it, as if she had no idea of what to do with it. After a long, heavy silence, she took the straw and looked down at the contents of the cup. “Thank you,” she whispered and dropped the straw into it. She looked at it for a moment, and then took a long sip. “Is this necessary?” she asked around the straw.
“Can you retract your fangs?” Jailyn asked. She smiled a little as Freya ignored the straw and picked up the cup. Tilting her head back, she poured the blood down her throat and let out a violent shudder. “Hmm, I guess that works, too,” Jailyn said as the cup disappeared. Freya closed her eyes and breathed deeply in and out. Shaking her head, she opened them and dug her fingers into Ari’s hair. Cupping her cheeks, white eyes stared into glowing green, and I frowned as something silent passed between them. Ari scowled as Freya released her with a smile. Folding her arms atop the table, Ari let her head fall with a sigh. Jailyn let out a grunt and sprawled out behind us as Freya popped open the lid of a white container and pushed it toward me.
“Pick out what you like, and I will be glad to turn it into a protection charm for Bridget.” I peered inside the half-filled, plastic container and carefully went through it.
“So, Astrid,” said Jailyn. “Are you off shift today?”
“Sadly, no. I get in at seven.”
“Twelve hours?”
“Yeah.”
“Do you love your job?”
“I do. Very much.”
“Good. I’d pick a wristband if I were you.” I nodded and picked one up. Freya held out a hand, and I dropped it onto her palm.
“I,” Freya said with a heavy sigh. “Will spell this and get it to you as soon as I am done.”
I nodded. “Thanks. What spell are you going to put on it?”
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and frowned. “Basic protection spells. Each gemstone will be a different spell. Do you have an idea of what shapes she would like? And what color?”
“No orange, brown, or pink.”
“What’s wrong with pink?” Jailyn asked. “Pink can be a pretty color.” I shrugged. “Humph.”
“Would you like a different color band?” Freya asked and held up the thin silver band.
“Silver is fine.”
She nodded. “And, does your sister know that you are doing this?”
“She does.” I squinted down at Ari’s head and wondered if she was asleep. And apparently, she wasn’t, because she turned her head and peered at me through narrowed eyes. Thankfully, they were black and not white or green.
“What?” she asked and scowled. “Why are you squinting at me?”
I shrugged. “Just wondering if you were still awake.”
She smirked. “Oh, I am.” She lifted her head from her arms and dropped onto her butt. “I was multitasking; listening to you guys and having a conversation with Skyler, Brianna, Kira, and Corinne.”
Jailyn smiled. “Did any of them drop Nova on her head yet?”
“Jailyn!” I exclaimed, and she grunted in pain, laughing under her breath as Ari began to pummel her. Freya looked amused as the necromancer blocked the blows and rolled away from her.
“Wait,” Ari said and growled at her. “Come back here, I’m not done.”
“You come here,” Jailyn said and sat up. Ari grumbled something I couldn’t make out and glared at her. My pager suddenly went off, and I yelped as I pulled it from my pocket.
“Never mind,” I said quickly. “I lied. My shift starts now. I have to go.” I pushed from the table, but before I could make my way to the door, Ari’s cool hand stopped me.
“I can take you. It will be faster.” I nodded. “Ambulance bay?” I again nodded. “Done,” she said, and everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

DONNICA

I scowled, scrolling through my text messages for the third time. Other than Trynnadon, I was the only protector alive. That’s not to say we were the only two protectors out there, because there were thousands of them in the world. At the moment, however, the gigantic HQ was silent, too silent. Unlike our previous front that acted as an HQ, the one we were staying at now, was the real thing. And unlike the Council HQ, we didn’t have twenty sublevel floors. Instead, it was a huge underground compound that had everything from a war room, a training room, armory, security, private apartments, and other rooms scattered throughout. Looking back over the past eight, nine years or so, I marveled at the fact that I was still alive. The three other protectors that made up the leading five-member team weren’t so fortunate, and I sighed as sadness settled over me for the briefest of seconds. We seriously had to rebuild, and we had to do it fast. With another sigh, I scrolled through my contacts, until I found the name that I wanted. I glanced around at all the security monitors as I hit call and waited. After the fourth ring, the other end picked up, and I had to smile when no greetings met my ear. I sometimes wondered if he ever answers his phone with anything other than silence or a growl. “Hello, Tristan,” I said and leaned back in my chair. “I was wondering if I can meet with you.” I paused. “And before you ask why I didn’t contact you mentally, blame the fledglings. They insist that I try out new toys.”
“I see,” Tristan growled, and I held back a laugh. “Where would you like to meet?”
“Night Life.” Tristan laughed under his breath, and I shuddered as a cold chill swept over me.
“Nine PM,” he growled and hung up.
“Bye to you, too,” I muttered. “Elena!” I called, and the door opened a couple seconds later.
“Yes?” Elena asked. “You heading out?”
“Yep, mind taking over?” I asked and got to my feet.
“Not at all,” she said and took my vacated chair as I headed for the door.
“What time do you have to be at the Council?”
“Midnight.”
I nodded, giving her a wave. “Have fun.”
At five minutes to nine, I stepped up to the door of the Night Life and pulled it open. I quickly scanned the bar, before entering and heading to one of the corner booths. Before I could sit, the bartender shook his head at me. For once, it wasn’t Cane behind the bar. Interesting, I thought and went up to him. He gestured to someone to take over, before waving me to his side. “This way,” he said and led me to the back. We went through a door, down a dark hallway, through another door, and down a flight of stairs. Stopping in front of one of the doors, he knocked, before opening it and stepping aside.
“You’re not coming in?” I asked and cautiously stepped into the darkened room. He shook his head. “What’s your name?”
“Jericho.”
I blinked. “Like the wrestler?”
“What?” he asked and narrowed his eyes on me.
“Never mind,” I muttered. Shaking his head, he pulled the door shut. I finally took in my surroundings, trying very hard not to fidget as I walked to the table and pulled out a chair. I slowly sat and eyed the four hooded figures. One was standing beside the door, one was leaning on the wall behind Tristan, and two of them were standing at the far corners of the room. Since they were cloaked, and their energy almost nonexistent, I had no idea who they were. I had a good guess who two of the four were, but for all I knew, I could be completely off. There were also two witches in the room, and if looks could kill, I’d be a pile of ash on the floor. “Ah,” I said slowly. “Are the honor guards necessary?” One of the witches had ice-blonde hair and bright green eyes. Her partner, on the other hand, had black hair and ice-blue eyes. Magic prickled along my skin for the briefest of seconds, and I recognized it for what it was. A warning. And it was the only one I was going to get.
“They insisted,” Tristan said, amused.
“But I’m harmless,” I said and smiled.
“Oh, sweetheart, you are far from harmless.”
I frowned. “Compare to you, I am.”
He chuckled. “Sweet, sweet Donnica, you have not change in all these years.”
I scowled at him. “I have,” I said indignantly. “You’re still an asshole.”
“If I were you, I would not say that so loud.” I glanced at the six guards and nodded. “And,” he growled. “Do not underestimate yourself.” I grumbled, but nodded. “Now. Why did you want to meet with me?”
I sighed and leaned forward, resting my arms on the table. “I…” I paused and frowned. “I would like permission to add three vampires to… you know, fill in the available openings.”
He nodded. “Do you have candidates lined up?”
“According to Tryn, yeah.”
“Is Kira one of them?” he asked dryly.
I snorted. “You never made her an official protector.” I glowered at him. “She can’t decide if she wants to be a protector or a freaking hunter.”
He sighed and leaned back in his chair. “That is true enough.”
I eyed him cautiously. “Are you going to let her become a hunter, if that’s what she wants?”
“Fifteen hundred years from now… perhaps.”
“Not five hundred? You can still apply at that age, right?”
He looked at me suspiciously, and then smirked. “Yes. Why?” he asked slowly. “Are you thinking of applying in eighty years?”
I shook my head. “I like what I do now.”
“Glad to hear of it,” he said softly and took a stapled stack of papers from one of the hooded figures. I scowled, because they were seriously giving me the creeps. Tristan looked down at the papers in his hand and growled in annoyance. “And I can see that you have not narrowed down the list.”
“Tryn wanted to run them by you first.” He grunted, quickly flipping through the pages and growling under his breath. After a few minutes, he let out another grunt and handed the stack of papers to the hooded figure behind him, who took it with a nod.
“And the humans?”
I shook my head. “I don’t think we’re going to recruit any this time.” I shuddered. “For some reason, Roxana didn’t touch Jessica or Gabriella.” At the mention of the devil’s name, the temperature in the room plummeted, until the walls were covered with solid sheet of ice at least two inches thick. I cringed and cursed under my breath as Tristan’s eyes—which had no warmth to begin with—went from contented and hungry, to feral and starving. I was used to seeing both, but there was something else in his eyes that I couldn’t make out. I gulped and slowly straightened in my chair. I stared at the six guards and shuddered. The two witches glanced at each other, and then the blonde one slowly approached the hooded figure standing at the door. She leaned in close, placing a hand on its arm and whispering something that even I couldn’t hear. “Sorry,” I said and held my breath as I waited for the hammer of doom to smite me. There was a long, long stretch of heavy silence, before Tristan shook his head sharply and cleared his throat. He took in a deep, deep breath and let it out with a snarl.
“It’s…” He growled and closed his eyes. He took in another breath and let it out sharply. “It’s not you.” He opened his eyes and looked at me. His solid white eyes bored into mine, and my head began to pound. “What I am about to tell you,” he growled. “It does not leave this room. Do you understand?” Swallowing hard, I nodded. I fought the overwhelming urge to run as he leaned in close. He caged me in, and I shuddered as his hot breath played across my neck. “One of my children—Freya—lost her only childe at the hands of Roxana,” he said, so soft I wouldn’t have heard it if he hadn’t also spoken into my mind. “It will take many, many years for the wound to… somewhat… heal.” My eyes wide in horror, I nodded. “Not a word,” he breathed in my ear.
“You have my word,” I whispered, low enough for only him to hear. “Sooner or later, you know it will get out.”
“Oh,” he growled. “I have no doubt that it will. Until then, you’ll act clueless.”
“Got it.” After a long moment, he pulled away, looking pained as he did so. “Wow,” I drawled as the temperature slowly returned to normal. “You didn’t bite me.” He growled, and I held up my hands. “I’m just saying.”
“I don’t like to share.” He nodded to the figure by the door. “If you have not heard, I was not the only one who had… shall we say… an upgrade.”
“Oh, shit,”” I gasped and shifted until I could see him and the hooded figure.
“If you ask me, she is worse than I am.”
I shook my head and tried not to hyperventilate. “Is that…? Is that…?” The figure reached up with a gloved hand and lowered the hood. My world wavered in and out of focus, and I wasn’t even breathing as she gave me a cold smile.
“I am Freya,” she said softly, and it was made even scarier as she remained calm. “It is… finally nice to officially make your acquaintance. We have met before, but I believe I had not introduced myself, then.” I nodded mutely. “And yes, I have heard… much. About you.” Like the green-eyed witch, she also had ice-blonde hair. I suddenly wondered if they were related as I took a closer look at the two of them. Other than Freya being paler than the witch, had white eyes, and was obviously a vampire, they did look somewhat alike; tall, slender, high cheekbones… I scowled and shook my head.
“Random question,” I said. “What color were your eyes when you were human?”
Freya blinked, still smiling as she stared at me. “Green.”
“Thanks,” I said with false cheerfulness.
“Anytime,” she whispered, and I shuddered as she drew out the word longer than it was necessary. “I am… happy to be. Of help.” Her creepy eyes were still boring into mine as she drew up her hood. I do hope that we will meet under… She paused and took in a deep breath. Better circumstances in the future, she said into my head. Do you not agree? I gulped. You have… so much potential, little one. Ah, I silently thought. Sounds like a good idea? Excellent. I felt her leaving my head, and I could have sworn my brain quivered with relief.
“Are you quite done?” Tristan asked dryly, and I nodded. “We’ll review the candidates and get back to you.”
“Thanks,” I said and got to my feet as he stood.
“Would you like a teleport?”
“No. I think I’m going to stay for a couple of drinks.”
“In that case, stay out of trouble.” Without another word, they vanished, one by one, until only one remained.
“Nicely done,” Jailyn said, her melodic voice cutting into me, pulling me under as she lowered her hood to stare at me with glowing green eyes. “We meet. Once again.” I nodded. “I hope that the next time we meet, it will have nothing to do with politics.” She held out a gloved hand, and I took it cautiously. “Have a care, protector,” she said sweetly as my entire body went numb with cold. She held onto me as I fell half on and half off my chair. She gave me a creepy smile and dropped my hand, vanishing as my world went black.

JAILYN

“Really?” Casiar asked sarcastically.
“What?” I asked defensively as I stripped out of my clothes. “I didn’t even hurt her.” He gave me an exasperated sigh as I walked naked into the attached bathroom.
“That’s not the point.” I scowled, and then yelped as the cold shower hit me. I willed the door shut, only to hear a thump as Casiar stopped it from slamming into his face. “Jailyn,” he growled. “Are you just trying to annoy me?”
“Is it working?” He closed the door behind him with a loud snap and glared at me. I washed blood out of my hair, shuddering as the hot water cascaded over me. I glanced over at Casiar, who was leaning against the sink counter, and smirked as he watched me intently. He had no shirt on, and I glanced down, laughing as his erection grew. He growled and glared at the zipper of his pants. I chuckled, turning from him and sticking my head under the hot spray, even as heat gathered between my legs. I ran my fingers through my hair, satisfied when they came away free of blood. Walking around with blood-matted hair was so not cool. Casiar muttered something about cruelty of women, and I glanced over my shoulder, scowling.
“Move over,” he growled, and his hand was suddenly on the glass door of the shower. I stepped completely under the water and grabbed onto the grab bar in front of me. Casiar’s hands appeared beside mine, and he tapped it with one finger thoughtfully as he pressed up against my back. I turned to face him, wrapping my arms around him and resting my head against his chest. His own arms came around me, and he held me close as a sudden burst of rage came over me. Now these days, I was used to it. Still, it was annoying as hell. The shower shut off, and Casiar tightened his hold on me as he carried me out into the bedroom. He nuzzled my hair, sighing as he pulled back and wrapped a towel around me. I smiled, amused as I quickly dried myself off. “You know what will help?” Casiar asked as I turned to the mirror.
“Don’t,” I warned and threw my towel at him.
“You don’t even know what I’m going to say.”
“Don’t do it.” He threw the towel into the bathroom, and I let out a yelp as he grabbed me and spun me about.
“I don’t need to,” he growled and kissed me. His tongue pushed into my mouth, and I sighed as I pulled him close and kissed him back. He growled as his tongue battled with mine; stroking, encircling, exploring. He kissed me deeply, brutally, and thoroughly. I moaned into his mouth and shuddered as hot waves of pleasure coursed through me. I reached between us, and he hissed, pulling back as I wrapped my hand around the thick, hard length of him. Growling low in his throat, he grabbed my wrist. “Not this time, love.”
“But—” I yelped as I suddenly found my back pressed against the wall. “Hey, that’s not—” I let out a moan of pleasure and a shuddering sigh as his mouth closed around a nipple. “Never mind,” I said breathlessly and dug my fingers into his hair as he licked, nipped, and suckled my breasts. Panting, I groaned and tugged on his hair. Growling, he released my nipple with a pop and kissed his way to my lower stomach. He nudged my legs apart, putting a hand on my stomach as I made to move. His free hand trailed up my leg, and I continued to pant as I grew hotter and wetter. Casiar growled, and I gasped, screaming as his fangs sank into my inner thigh. Blinding waves of pleasure slammed into me as I came. I continued to yell and scream, my inner walls clenching and unclenching as his hot tongue suddenly thrust into me, moving in firm, short strokes inside me. My fingers dug into his shoulders, and I arched into him, gasping and cursing as my pleasure built. He licked my swollen clit, and I cried out as he sucked it into his mouth with a growl. He slipped two fingers deep inside me, stroking me as I came. He withdrew his hand, and I groaned as I thump him hard on the head. “Ow,” he growled as he continued to lick and suck me.
“You… inside… now!” I snarled, and he growled as my nails dug into his upper arms. He rose to his full height, and he cupped my ass as I wrapped my legs around him. He lifted me slightly and entered me with one hard thrust. I dug my fingers into his hair, and he growled as my nails scraped along his scalp. Moaning, I clutched him as he moved inside me with short, hard strokes. I arched into him, and I moaned loudly as he moved harder, deeper inside of me. My hands moved to his shoulders, and he snarled as I dug my nails in. I held on for dear life, meeting him thrust for thrust as he pounded in and out of me. Blood coated my fingers as I moved lower and gripped his ass. I turned my head, moaning as I sank my fangs into his shoulder. Casiar let out a feral snarl, and I screamed as he drove his own fangs deep into my neck. I squeezed him, and he growled as I came around him. I swallowed the mouthful of blood and withdrew my fangs, licking at the blood that spilled from my mouth. I wrapped my arms around him, moaning as he thrust into me one last time and came deep inside me. Withdrawing his fangs, he nuzzled my neck, groaning as his hot release filled me. I released my claws and trailed one of them down his back. He jerked inside me, and I moaned, arching into him as he continued to spill himself into me. “Fuuuuck,” I groaned. “What did you do? Power transference?” I asked, shuddering as I slowly came apart.
“You’re just that good,” he growled as his arms went around me and pulled me close. I let out a sigh as I slowly kissed him. And I had to smile as he growled low in his throat and grew hard inside me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

I snuggled into Casiar and sighed. His arms tightened around me, and I was a little sad that he was fully dressed. I, on the other hand, was still naked. “I really don’t want to leave,” I said and groaned as I reluctantly got to my feet.
“If it makes you feel better, I also have to leave.”
“No rest for the wicked, I suppose.” I silently grumbled as I walked into the closet.
“So,” Casiar said slowly as I shrugged into my clothes. “Are you… going to tell her?” I winced and glanced up. “She’s not here.”
“I don’t know,” I said with a heavy sigh. Dropping my hand from the hem of my shirt, I stepped from the closet and grabbed up my weapons, strapping them on and shoving some of them into my pockets. Isra had been hovering around Freya, ever since she departed from the world. She did not want to return to the living, but still, she had her eyes on Freya almost constantly. Casiar ran his fingers through my hair, giving the back of my neck a gentle squeeze. I turned to face him and wrapped my arms around him. “I’ll see how she is in a few days, and then maybe.” He nodded, giving my cheek a peck before pulling back and teleporting. I looked up to the ceiling and glared at it. I let out a heavy sigh and groaned. Sometimes, I really, really fucking hate the universe with unbridled passion. Shaking my head in disgust, I teleported.
“What’s wrong?” Ari asked in exasperation, not looking up from whatever she was doing. She had a gold, metal wire in each hand and was rubbing them together. I took a step back and eyed her warily as sparks flew from them. She smiled, looking very pleased with herself.
“That calms you?” I asked and glowered at her.
“If you must know,” she said with a sigh. “Yes.” She paused and finally looked up at me. “Want to see what happens if I stick one into an outlet?”
“No, I do not,” I said and snatched the wires from her hands, yelping at the scorching contact.
“Hey, give that back.”
I dropped the hot wires onto the table and cover them with a hand. “Where is your little girl?”
“Corinne and Skyler have her.” I nodded. “What’s up?”
“I have a favor to ask of you.” She arched an eyebrow in surprise, and I didn’t much blame her for it. Because, well, I never asked for such a thing before.
“A favor?”
“You’ll like it.”
“I’m listening?”
I smirked. “Infiltrate the protector’s headquarters.”
“Excuse me?” She scowled at me. “Why?”
I shrugged. “I… have my reasons.”
“And, you want me in particular to do it? Or can I appoint someone?”
“Hmm,” I said thoughtfully. “I prefer you to do it, but if there is someone under your command that is better suited for the job…” I shrugged. “I’ll leave it up to you.”
She nodded. “Okay, but for the record, Tristan doesn’t approve.”
“Oh, of course he doesn’t,” I said dryly. “I don’t give a flying fuck about what he thinks. Tell him to shove it where the sun doesn’t fucking shine.”
“Huh,” she said and frowned at me, before giving her head a shake. “You’ll tell me, if you need help, right?”
I smiled and nodded. “Yes, I will,” I said softly and put a hand on her shoulder. Cupping her chin with my other hand, I tilted her head back and covered her mouth with mine. She stiffened and gasped in shock. I took the slight advantage and slipped my tongue inside. I slowly stroked it against hers, encircling and exploring her mouth as I breathed in her scent. The cold, sweetness of a soul filled the back of my throat, and Ari shuddered as I slowly exhaled it into her. Her hands came up, grabbing my wrists as she groaned in pleasure. Her tongue moved against mine as she finally kissed me back. I sucked on her tongue, groaning as she withdrew and thrust, pushing against me as we wrestled and danced for dominancy. After a minute, I broke the kiss, silently cursing as I struggled to bring my breathing under control. Dropping my hands from her, I took a step back.
“I can’t decide,” Ari said, panting. “If I want to kiss you some more or punch out your brain.”
“Well.” I took in a deep breath and cleared my throat. “I rather like my brain right where it is. So, if I were you, I’d pick the former over the latter.”
“I hate you so fucking much,” she growled, shuddering as she slowly gathered herself.
I smirked. “A thank you would be nice, you know.” She scowled, spluttering as she waved me away.
“Just… go away.” Chuckling, I stole one of her golden wires and teleported.
Ah, I thought with a heavy sigh. Hot and bothered. Why aren’t I surprised? Dawn was a few minutes away, and I took in a lungful of the winter air as I turned into an alley. I was a little disappointed when I didn’t find any rogues hanging about. I did, however, found Freya glancing at her phone like it was going to explode in her hand. I quickly caught up to her before she could disappear around the corner. “You’re eyeing that like it’s a bomb,” I said to her as we walked down a sidewalk. She held up the phone for me to see, and I laughed at the incoming text messages. “How many of you are there in the group?”
“Twelve,” she said with a dejected sigh. “I cannot understand why they will not talk amongst themselves and send me a missive after.”
“Freya,” I said gently and held back an amused laugh. “It’s the twenty-first century.”
She scowled, shutting her phone off and slipping it into her pocket. “I do not like it,” she complained. “This… technology… alien… things.”
I patted her on the shoulder and smirked. “Come, now. It’s not so bad.” She muttered something under her breath, shaking her head. “Where are you headed off to?”
“Oh,” she said, sighing heavily. “Nowhere in particular.”
“Wait, you’re on patrol, aren’t you?” She smiled, crossing an almost empty parking lot in front of a book store.
“Yes.” She glanced at me, arching an eyebrow in question. “Was I perhaps… a little too obvious?”
I shrugged. “For someone who doesn’t know you? No.”
“That is… something?” I shook my head, frowning as I followed her around the back. “Amaris,” Freya said, and I chuckled at the exasperated tone in her voice. The little werepup straightened from her crouch and blinked up at her.
“What?” she asked innocently and tugged on the hem of her dark red shirt.
“What are you doing out here? This early in the morning?”
She shrugged. “Waiting for the bookstore to open.”
“Hmm,” Freya said thoughtfully and held out her hand. “How long have you been out here?” Amaris shrugged, stepping forward and placing her little hand into Freya’s. “I do not understand. Does that mean five minutes? Five hours?” I held back a chuckle, watching as she bent and pulled the little shifter close.
“Maybe fifteen minutes,” said Amaris. “I wasn’t keeping track of the time.” A pained expression flashed in Freya’s eyes, but it was there and gone before the little girl noticed.
“Did you steal cookies from the coffee shop not far from here?” Oh, I silently thought and inhaled. Sugar cookies, I thought with a silent groan and inwardly winced.
“Just one?” Amaris replied and glanced at me. “Hi, Jailyn.” She said casually as Freya scowled at her.
“One, is it?” she asked suspiciously as I gave the pup a little wave. Amaris nodded, before shifting and dropping onto her paws. “That will not help,” Freya continued, looking amused as the werepup shook away the rest of her clothes. Freya grabbed them up, still scowling as they vanished from her hands. She reached out, and Amaris yelped as the witch grabbed her, lifting her up into her arms. She glanced up at the sky and nodded. A second later, and to my utter surprise, Zaida appeared and quickly descended to the ground.
“When did you return?” I asked and looked her up and down. She glanced at the phone in her hand and nodded.
“Around eleven PM,” she rasped, and then coughed to clear her throat.
I nodded. “It has been two years. I wasn’t sure if you were going to return.”
Zaida slowly slipped her phone into her pocket as sadness came over her. “I almost didn’t,” she whispered and took Amaris from Freya.
“Are you here to stay?”
She shrugged. “I’m not sure yet. Maybe? Maybe not?” She gave Amaris’s head a pat, before setting her on the ground. “Someone made chicken parmesan,” she said, and I smiled as the pup let out a happy woof and blurred around the bookstore and across the parking lot.
“Sarisa is watching her,” Freya said as Zaida stood awkwardly with us. “Making sure she makes it home safely.” I nodded and put a hand on Zaida’s shoulder.
“I guess I’ll leave you to your hunt,” I said and inclined my head to Freya. She nodded, and I teleported, taking Zaida with me.

ZAIDA

It had been a few hours since Jailyn dropped me off at the HQ of the Vampiric Council. I stared around the apartment I was given and winced. Other than the four white walls and the dark blue carpet, there was only a couch, a coffee table, and a side table with a lamp on it. There was a small kitchen area, and I eyed the refrigerator thoughtfully. Shaking my head, I got to my feet and headed for the door. Spending a couple of hours with Jailyn talking about nothing while she walked the streets didn’t do my nerves any good, because my last encounter with her wasn’t something I wanted to remember. Ever. Reaching out with my senses, I opened the door and stepped out into the hall. “Zaida,” Ari called from the common area of the compound. “Come join us.” Taking a deep breath, I coughed as the air irritated my throat. Ignoring the slight pain of discomfort, I walked down the hall and briefly hesitated before stepping out into the open. I paused and looked around warily. Other than Ari, the baby in her arms, and Amaris in wolf form half in her lap; the only vampire there was Sergei, who looked like he wanted to eat the baby. The only thing that kept him in his seat was the death glare that Ari was shooting his way.
“Zaida,” Sergei growled. “Always a pleasure to see you.” I grunted and walked over to them. He scowled as I squeezed myself between him and Ari.
“You look hungry,” I said, and he let out a grunt as I dug my elbow into his stomach.
“For the tenth time,” he growled in annoyance. “I’m not going to eat the baby.”
“Good,” Ari said and covered the baby’s foot with a hand before she could kick Amaris in the nose for the third time. “Because I would really hate it if I have to kill you.” She shuddered. “And besides, I don’t want an angry Sarisa after me.” Sergei let out a sigh and pushed a hand under my ass, digging his fingers in as he lifted me and dropped me onto the floor.
“Ow!” I exclaimed and rubbed at the soreness, even as I went into another round of coughing.
“You should go bother Freya about that cough of yours,” Ari said, and then smirked as my skin began to crawl with warning. Tristan and Freya walked in, and my brain quivered inside my skull. Ari hunched over her daughter protectively, and I didn’t blame her, because I could all but feel the growl vibrating from Freya. Tristan gave me a nod as he went to stand beside the couch. They both were starving, and I couldn’t tell who was about to lose it. Sergei looked from Tristan to Freya, before getting up and closing the short distance to Tristan. He held out his wrist, and I stiffened as magic settled over me. Tristan sank his fangs into Sergei’s wrist, a split second before everything went dark.
“Aaaahhh!” I exclaimed as my world righted itself. I fell onto my back and stared up at the ceiling as I tried to control the pounding of my heart. When I could somewhat breathe normally, I slowly sat up and looked around the darkened room. “Freya?” I asked softly and eyed her warily as she closed the door with a loud snap. She inclined her head, and one of my legs twitched as she drew near. I let out a silent sigh of relief as she continued toward the desk. “Where am I?”
“My… home office,” she replied a long minute later. She sat, and I watched as she reached for the bottom drawer and opened it. Scowling, she pulled out a small vial and studied the pale blue liquid critically. Her white eyes focused on me, and I fought the urge to squirm as fear settled over me. “Here,” she said flatly and held it out to me. I slowly got to my feet and just as slowly approached her. She smiled, and I prayed she wasn’t going to grab me as I reached for the potion. I closed my fingers around the vial, careful not to make skin-to-skin contact.
“What is this?” I asked, uncorking it and cautiously sniffing at it. The scent of fresh winter mint filled my senses, and I blinked in surprise.
“It is a simple soothing tonic,” she said in amusement. “I assure you that it is safe to drink. I give you my word.” There was a brief buzz in my blood, and I just stared at her. After a moment, I took in a deep breath and downed the potion in one gulp. My eyes widened as my mouth and the back of my throat felt like I swallowed a mouthful of minty Listerine strips. “It will last for twelve hours.” She smiled. “The coolness will wear off in a few minutes. The enjoyment of drinking blood will not be a problem.” She paused. “Unless you would like some now? The taste will not be so pleasant.” I shook my head, handing the empty vial back to her. She took it, setting it on the desk as she got to her feet. “Wait here,” she said softly and disappeared with a pulse of magic. There was a knock at the door, and I turned as it slowly opened. A vampire stood in the opening, his eyes narrowing as he looked me up and down. He held a bowl of… I blinked at him as he entered and handed it to me. I took it and inhaled the steaming baked red beans and white rice.
“Thank you,” I said slowly and picked up the spoon. Freya appeared in the doorway, and I held back a scowl at the humor dancing in her eyes.
“Thank you, Rory,” she said and smirked. “That was not so hard, was it?” Rory glared at her, holding out a bottle of sprite toward me. I shoved the spoonful of food into my mouth, before taking the offered soda and giving him a nod of thanks. Freya put a hand on my lower back, guiding me to a chair. I sat, and I held on tight to my food and drink as she pushed me to one side of the desk. I set them down, my senses on alert as I really dug into the food. I didn’t bother looking up until I finished it.
“Good?” Rory asked dryly as I took several gulps of my drink.
“Yes,” I said happily and straightened in my chair. I took the hot bag of blood from a very amused Freya and bit into the plastic. Since my fangs weren’t out, it didn’t do much but create an imprint of my teeth. Freya’s eyes widened, and I watched as Rory reached out and placed a restrained hand around her arm.
“Pop that bag,” Rory warned. “And I’ll bite you myself.”
“Hmm,” I said thoughtfully and pulled the bag from my mouth. “I hate bagged blood.”
He arched an eyebrow. “So do I, but you don’t see me complaining.” I scowled at him, and then smirked as Freya elbowed him. “Much,” he reamended under his breath. With a sigh, I extended my fangs to their full length and sank them into the bag. I got to my feet, moving away from them as I slowly drained it. My back hit the window, and I scowled as I pulled the empty bag from my mouth, dropping it into the trashcan that was an arm’s reach from me. I put up my hands, palms out as Freya’s eyes zeroed in on my neck. The cool brush of her magic wrapped around me, and I stiffened, even as I willed the window behind me to open. I glared at Rory, who looked like he was about to laugh. His arms came around Freya, tightening as I squeezed myself out the opening I’d made. Giving them a wave and quickly catching the plastic sealed package that flew at me, I launched myself into the night sky.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

TRISTAN

I looked down, staring at the knife that was sticking out of my stomach. The rogue blinked and gave me a weird look. “You’re not a fledgling, are you?” he growled as the cold burn of pain faded into hunger. Of course, I was already hungry, but the wound only added to it.
“Do I look like a fledgling?” I asked flatly. Okay, I might have cloaked myself to the point that I registered as one… but still.
“You’re a hunter.” His throat worked as he took a step back. I wrapped a hand around the hilt of the blade and pulled. I eyed the dripping blood, and I had to smirk in amusement as the rogue’s eyes rose to it.
“I hate being stabbed,” I hissed. He turned and blurred into the night, and I gave him a head start, growling low in my throat as my every predatorial instinct rose sharply. My vision turned a deeper shade of red, and I inhaled the scent of the rogue. Take me to your hideout, I thought and wiped the blood from the blade. Glancing down at my blood on the ground, I tossed a fireball at it and looked up toward the sky. I took in a deep breath as the temperature dropped. Thunder rumbled overhead, and I shuddered as rain poured down on me, drenching me completely. Blood moon? Evelyn suddenly asked into my mind. No, I silently growled and slipped the blade into my pocket. I tilted my head back and inhaled deeply, imprinting the rogue’s scent into my brain. After a moment, I blurred in the direction the rogue took, pulling the shadows around me as I tracked him.
About a few minutes later, I came upon an average-looking house; the garage painted yellow and the roof grey. I squinted against the bright color and walked up to the door. People and their terrible taste in color, I silently muttered to myself as I peered into the side window. I swallowed and coughed as I tried not to breathe in the heavy scent of fresh and old blood. “Move,” a low voice growled from behind me. “And I’ll carve out your heart and mail it to your sire in a box.” I swallowed repeatedly as I struggled to speak.
“Are you sure you want to do that?” I asked in a monotone.
“Yes, are you sure you want to do that?” I stiffened and slowly turned, grabbing the rogue’s wrist and squeezing. Baring my fangs, I growled. “Oh, none of that now,” Roxana said and smiled. “Did you miss me?” Before I could give a reply, a dark bolt slammed into me. I sucked in a sharp breath as my world wavered in and out of focus. I released the rogue’s wrist, and he snarled as he lunged for her. Roxana sidestepped, and he went flying a few feet before hitting the pavement with a curse. He got back up and glared at us as I doubled over in pain. “Just to let you know, I’m blocking you from Ari.”
“Who the fuck are you?” the rogue hissed as I struggled to keep myself in the right frame of mind.
“Silence, nibblet,” Roxana said mildly. “The grownups are talking.”
He blinked. “What?”
“Oh, for the love of—” She turned into a cloud of roiling darkness and shot toward him. “Brainless. Idiot,” she growled and engulfed him completely. The screams that came from him a second later caused my ears to bleed, and a nosebleed was not far behind. I straightened, breathing harshly as I turned and broke down the door. I could have willed it to open, but I seriously needed something to hit. There were four more rogues inside, and for the life of me, they were acting like I wasn’t there to kill them. They rushed from the hall, growling and snarling as they came to a stop a few feet from the front door. I sighed and pulled out a blade, the same one that I was stabbed with.
“Shit,” one of them hissed. “He’s not a fledgling.” I rolled my eyes to the ceiling as my energy flared around the room, causing the rogues to fly backward to crash through a wall into the next room.
“Ah,” Roxana said with a sigh. “Delicious.”
“What do you want?” I growled at her as she placed her hands on my shoulders and guided me inside.
“Who the hell are you?” another rogue snarled.
“Babies can’t talk until they’re the age of two thousand,” Roxana said conversationally. “Since you’re only around two hundred, you should keep your mouth firmly shut.” He opened his mouth, and I growled as my hand shot out, grabbing him and yanking him to me. Roxana smiled as I bared my fangs and struck. The rogue screamed, and I snarled as he struggled to free himself. After a long moment, I dropped the limp body and looked around, tossing the blade into the nearest rogue’s throat. Before I could rip out his heart and tear off his head, he disappeared in a cloud of black smoke. The remaining rogues were also gone. I sighed. To answer your question, the devil said into my head. I want nothing. She paused. Though, the witches are up to something. Thought I’d just let you know. I promise not to get in your way or interfere. She chuckled, and I took in a deep breath as the feeling of dread lifted. One of these days, I was going to commit genocide. I snarled, silently cursing the fucking devil as I teleported.
Sven’s furious rant blasted my ears a split second later as I appeared in his office. Shoving my hands into my pockets, I leaned against his closed door and waited him out. No one else was in the office, and the cloying feeling in the air told me exactly who had been here not too long ago. When the stream of Swedish profanities and creative ways to insert certain sharp objects into certain body parts died off a couple of minutes later, the lights on a couple of floors had short-circuited, fizzing and popping as the sound of what sounded like something being electrocuted filled my ears. Sven took in a deep breath and let it out with a feral snarl. He spun from the window where he was pacing and stalked back to his desk, dropping into the chair with a growl. He looked at me and stared at the bloody hole in my shirt. “Ari won’t be happy,” he said conversationally, as if he hadn’t just got done ranting himself. I scowled. “She’s in the cafeteria.” I pressed my fingers into my temples, rubbing them as I walked to one of the four available chairs and sat.
“Is Nova with her?” He nodded. I dropped my hands and frowned. Before I could say more, there was a tap on the door. Ari pushed it open and stepped inside, holding a whimpering Nova in her arm.
“What happened?” she asked with a scowl and came over to where I was sitting. I reached out a hand and stuck the tip of my finger into Nova’s mouth. Ari ran a hand over her head, smiling as she gently slipped into our daughter’s head and took over. A sting of pain registered as two tiny fangs sank into the pad of my finger. Nova’s claws batted gently at my hand, and I had to swallow hard against the emotions that came over me. I took in a deep breath and glanced at Ari.
“I believe Roxana is walking the streets again.” Ari went very still, releasing her hold on Nova. I pulled my hand away and took the napkin that Sven was holding out to me.
“What did she say?” Ari asked, dropping her voice to a growling whisper.
I sighed. “She just told me that the witches were up to something.” I glowered at her. “And she killed my rogues.”
“Awww, you poor thing.” I scowled as she reached out a hand and stroke my cheek with warm fingers. “How about you, Sven? You blew the lights on sublevel one, two, and three.” Sven shrugged, handing me a packet of wet wipe. I tore open the plastic and wiped away the dry blood. I looked Nova over, making sure that there weren’t any drops on her. Nodding to myself, I tossed the crumpled up wet wipe, wrapper, and napkin into the trash.
“She came to visit me, too.” Ari groaned, dropping her hand from me and hefting Nova higher on her chest.
“Well,” she said and scowled. “We’ll see if she keeps to her word.” I leaned back in the chair, my head hitting the wall behind me with a thump as I let out a deep sigh.

RIANA

I stuck the last bit of oatmeal cookie into my mouth and crumpled up the napkin, before shoving it into my pocket and reaching out to tap on the door. I breathed in and out slowly, trying to ignore the cold emptiness I felt in the pit of my stomach. I shuddered and tried to slow down my heart. It was still pounding when Rory opened the door half a minute later. He stood back, pulling the door open wider and allowing me to enter. “You know,” he said dryly. “You can come in unannounced.” I shrugged, giving him a wide berth as I walked into the living room.
“Where is she?”
Rory cleared his throat and nodded to the stairs. “In the library.” I nodded and took the steps two at a time. Looking both ways up and down the hall, I made my way to the partially closed door of the library. Nudging it open, I stepped inside and looked around. A warning growl reached my ears, and I yelped as I raised a hand. Magic rushed from my palm, and Freya let out a grunt as it slammed her into the wall. Rory, who had followed me up, winced and muttered something under his breath as I slowly approached Freya. She stared at me, somewhere between amused and wanting to rip my throat out. I stopped before her and reached into my pocket. Pulling out a folded piece of paper, I pressed it into her hand. Her cold fingers clamped around my wrist, and I scowled at her, wincing as she fought against my magic. I looked to Rory and arched an eyebrow in question. “What?” he asked casually and leaned against one of the bookshelves.
“Did she make more of her special blood yet?”
He frowned. “I’m not sure, actually.” I yanked my wrist away and closed her hand around the piece of paper. “What is that?”
“Date for the witch meeting.”
“You couldn’t text her?”
I harrumphed and took a step back from Freya. “She hasn’t been checking her text messages for the past few days.” I scowled at her. “And her phone is off.”
“I wonder why.” he drawled, and I groaned as pain lanced through my head. Freya dropped the paper onto the table beside her and straightened, panting as she squeezed her eyes shut. Rory stared at her, shaking his head in wonderment.
“You know,” I said to him and dropped into the nearest chair. “I’m wondering something. How come you’re not attacking me?”
Rory blinked. “Do you want me to?” he asked dryly. “Because I can do that right now.” I held up my hands and shook my head. He smirked, and then scowled. “Because she’s mostly blocking me.”
“Oh,” I said and yelled, clutching my head. With a growl, I kicked Freya in the leg as hard as I could. She stopped pushing against me and took in a deep breath. “You can still feel her hunger though, can’t you?”
“I can, but it’s…” He paused. “More… muted.” He scowled. “You have to be a vampire to understand.” I grunted, nodding. “And before you ask,” he said loudly as I opened my mouth. “Sex is amazing.” I choked, coughing as Freya stopped breathing altogether.
“Um… uh… that’s… good to know,” I spluttered. He chuckled, and I grabbed up a blue pen, throwing it at him. He caught it and slipped it into his pocket, looking very amused. “I have my shields up, how do you know what I was going to ask?” He just… looked at me, as if I was insane. “Okay,” I said with a sigh. “You win. She’s wide open to you.”
“I am,” Freya growled from behind me. Before I could react, her cold hands wrapped around my neck and squeezed, cutting off my airway in a split second. She released me, and I gasped in lungful after lungful of air. She wrapped her fingers around my wrist, and I shuddered as she channeled my blood into her. A minute later, a million pin-needles stabbed at me as cold settled in. Freya released my wrist, scowling as she turned and stalked to the window. She growled something I couldn’t make out under her breath and pushed open the window.
“Here,” Rory said softly and set a bottle of orange juice in front of me. I looked at it, giving him a nod as I opened it and downed half of the contents. Pausing, I shuddered violently, shivering as the citrus drink course through me.
“Drink it all,” Freya said casually and turned to face the room. Nodding, I drained what was left and let out another violent shudder. I dropped the empty bottle on the table and glared at Rory.
“I hate you so much,” I hissed.
Rory smirked. “I haven’t the slightest inkling of what you are talking about,” he drawled and walked over to Freya, wrapping an arm around her shoulders. She scowled at him, and then sighed, holding out her hand as the paper flew from where she dropped it. She grabbed it and unfolded the note. She looked at it and growled under her breath. A second later, the single piece of paper went up in flames. She gave me a cold look, and I held up my hands defensively. Her eyes narrowed as she quickly closed the distance between us. She grabbed one of my hands, and before I could yank it free, everything went dark.

LILY

Holding a dark blue color pencil in my hand, I stared at the blank sheet of white paper in front of me and glowered. The eleven witches in the conference room with me all watched as I continued to stall them. The back of my neck suddenly prickled, and I looked up as Freya and Riana appeared. The witches came to attention, and one of them walked over to them. “Five in the morning,” Freya said mildly. “What is the meaning of this?” she asked slowly.
“Have you made up your mind of whom shall be in this… new… coven of yours?” the witch with light blue eyes and bleached-blonde hair asked. My head fell forward, only to jerk back up as I forced myself to stay awake.
“I have not,” Freya said coolly. “Is there a reason to rush the matter?”
“No,” another witch replied, straightening. “But it has been almost a year. Riana can’t keep making excuses for you.” Braden, who was leaning against the wall behind me, muttered something under his breath that sounded suspiciously like, “idiot”. The drop in temperature woke me as if someone had dumped a bucket of ice water over my head. I held my breath as Freya stared unblinkingly at the witch.
“Excuses, you say?” she asked sweetly. The first witch carefully backed away as the second witch tilted her head back in challenge. She glared at Freya and shrugged. “Oh,” Freya breathed, and I shivered as the temperature in the room continued to drop. “I assure you; Riana was being truthful.”
“Really?” Freya’s eyes narrowed, and I took in a shuddering breath as she growled low in her throat.
“Are you implying that I am… missing your little meetings for the sake of my own amusement?” I set the color pencil down beside the paper and huddled into my sweater, shivering with cold.
The witch shrugged. “What were we supposed to think?” She gestured around the room. “This is your first official meeting, after all.”
Freya smiled cruelly. “And, you want to end it with a bang. Is that it?” I gulped. “If that is the case, allow me to indulge you.” My skin prickled painfully as magic flickered on the witch’s palm. She cupped the crackling blue bolt of energy and glared at Freya.
“I hear a threat in that tone of yours,” she hissed.
“Excellent,” Freya said casually. “I was hoping that you would.” The witch threw the energy bolt, and I gasped in shock as it blew a hole in Freya’s stomach. “Oh, you are such a delight,” she said breathlessly as she fell backward and hit the floor. Blood poured from her like a fountain, and shields went up all around me as her eyes closed. They popped opened a split second later, and I clutched the table, trying very hard to not hyperventilate. Freya bared her fangs and hissed at the witch who was preparing to throw another bolt at her. Braden gently touched me on the shoulder as a transparent, sky blue barrier dropped protectively around me. “That hurt,” Freya said in a monotone. “It is… your turn.” With that, a dark blue tendril of magic shot from her finger and slashed the witch wide open, almost cleaving her in two.
I was never going to get used to someone dying right in front of me, I thought with a cringe as the dead body hit the floor with a thud that chilled me. I was never going to get used to someone bleeding out and not dying, either. Braden muttered something unintelligible beside me, and I shuddered as warmth surrounded me like a heated blanket. The witch settled into a crouch beside my chair, one hand still on my shoulder and one hand on the table. “Why isn’t Tristan or Rory here?” I whispered to no one in particular.
“They are,” Braden drawled, as if he hadn’t a care in the world that they would most likely die in the next minute or two. I looked around the room and frowned. “They’re outside the door.” And, Tristan growled into my head. Judging by the startled expressions of the witches, they heard him, too. If one of you don’t open this door, I’m going to kill every one of you. I gulped. Freya laughed and let out a groan of pain.
“Now!” Tristan snarled from the hall.
“I’d open the door if I were you,” Braden said and smirked. The nearest witch to the door muttered under her breath, and before she could reach out to open it, it was kicked in. Braden straightened from his crouch and pulled me out of my chair as Tristan, Rory, Sven, and Ari entered the room. Tristan and Rory flashed to Freya’s side as Sven closed the door and leaned against it. Ari looked around and scowled as she made her way toward me.
“What are you doing here?” she asked me and gave Braden a pointed look. “Drop it.”
“I don’t take orders from you.” I sucked in a sharp breath as her eyes flashed green for the briefest second. If I hadn’t been staring into them, I would’ve missed it.
“Drop it, Braden,” Riana said with a weary sigh. The witch scowled, dropping the barrier and taking a couple of steps back. Ari closed the three feet distance between us and placed a hand on my shoulder.
“Lily, what are you doing here?”
I shrugged. “Ask them,” I said, nodding to the witches. “I have to be in class in a couple of hours, and I’m about to fall over dead due to no sleep.” Ari growled and glared over her shoulder. Scowling, she cupped my cheeks and stared deeply into my eyes. I felt the slightest pressure against my forehead, and I inwardly shivered as she looked for… something in my brain.
“Hmm,” Ari said thoughtfully. “I may just have a word with your calculous and English teachers.”
“Yes,” I said brightly and straightened. “That would be a lifesaver. Please?”
She dropped her hands and smiled. “Maybe. I’ll think about it.”
“Please?” I pleaded and pouted up at her. She chuckled, ruffling my hair as she took a step back and turned to Riana.
“How long has she been here?”
“I’m not sure. When I try to ask, one of them would interrupt and change the subject.”
“I see.” She nodded, glancing over at Tristan as he wiped blood from Freya’s healed wound with one hand. He glared at her, growling as she sucked at his wrist. “Are they…” Ari gestured around at the witches. “Your new coven members?”
Riana shook her head. “Still in the processing stage. But, I was hoping to pick at least two out of the bunch today.”
Ari nodded. “At the beginning of the year, you told us to leave this alone. Witch business is witch business and so forth.” Riana nodded, dropping into the nearest chair. The room suddenly spun around me, and I took in a deep breath, shaking myself. Damn, the exhaustion was returning. And with vengeance. Ari’s hand shot out, catching me as I stumbled. She pulled me into her arms, and I was too tired to care about anything. My head fell onto her chest, and before I knew what was happening, darkness closed around me like a blanket.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

ARI

Lily’s warmth seeped into me like water. The sweet, sweet scent of her blood teased my senses, and I took in a deep breath, holding it. It was all I could do to just hold her and not bite her. I stared down at her blonde head and frowned, trying to remember what I was saying to Riana. With a sigh, I looked up and sat on the edge of the table that was behind me. “As I was saying,” I said slowly as I repositioned the sleeping girl in my arms. “What just happened a few minutes ago…” I paused and stared into Riana’s bright green eyes. “You know as well as I do that they’re not going to talk.” Around us, the witches were talking amongst themselves, most of them ignoring what was going on just a short distance away. I sighed. “You know that they’re going to want answers.” The witch in front of me took in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“I know. I just don’t want to be covered in blood and gore. You know how hard it is to wash off?”
I smirked. “Well, anyone you want to spare? Pick them out or forever hold your silence.”
She grunted. “Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and glanced around the room. Beside her, Braden was glaring at her.
“Perhaps Braden, for a start?”
“Oh, him? No, fuck him.”
“Well,” Braden said with a huff. “Fuck you, too. See if I ever talk to you again.” Riana smirked, straightening as Tristan crossed the room toward us. “He looks pissed.”
“Oh, that’s his normal everyday expression. Don’t worry, you’re safe.”
“So,” Tristan growled, coming to a stop beside me and glancing down at Lily. “Please tell me that these are not your friends.” He looked at Riana and inclined his head.
She shrugged. “I don’t know what to think.”
“Hmm.” Tristan placed a hand on Lily’s head, and I smiled as she snuggled into me. You will not wake until I call you, he whispered into her mind as she fell into a deeper sleep.
“She’s not going to make it to school today, is she?” Riana asked dryly.
“No.”
“Figures,” she muttered and leaned back in her chair.
“It is truly a shame,” Freya said over the din of conversations. “How some of you go so far as to eliminate another by mere violence.” She paused, and I glanced over at her, wondering what she was getting at. “Violence is the vampire way.”
“Oh, thanks,” I said dryly. “You are very ah… inspiring. Truly, you should become a motivational speaker.” Leaning back against Rory, Freya shuddered and glared at me.
“I think not,” she said with a sigh. “I will most likely die of…”
“Boredom?” I offered. “The stupid-ness of it? The wondering of why you’re still talking?”
“All of the above and beyond.” I nodded and glanced around the room. “My point is,” she continued and glared at the witches. “You do not have the urge for violence.”
“Speak for yourself,” Riana muttered under her breath. Of course, Freya heard that and scowled. Riana raised a hand and shook her head. “Sorry, do continue. I know what you mean.”
“Yet, you are acting like children with no brains.”
“So,” one of the witches said and took a step toward her. I inwardly winced and shook my head at the stupidity of it all. “what are you going to do about it?” Riana rolled her eyes and put her head in her hands.
“Spare me,” she said and groaned. The sizzling of magic filled the air, and Riana jumped to her feet, launching herself across the room. I whistled as she grabbed the other witch by the throat and began to bash her head into the wall. She kept this up, until the witch passed out.
“Anyone else?” Freya asked, sounding oh so very bored. In response, magic flew from almost all the witches. I stood up, hunching over Lily as I moved to the far wall. Kicking the door open, I stepped out and looked around. Huh, I thought and scowled. Guess there were two ways out of the conference-like room.
“I can take her,” Ayla said, straightening from the wall she was leaning against. I nodded, handing Lily over to her. I turned, ducking under a red bolt of energy as I entered and slammed the door shut. It fucking smelled like ozone as Riana faced off with seven witches. The vampires watched with stoic expressions, occasionally dodging spell after spell. Dodging a green bolt, myself, I flashed to Tristan’s side and wrapped my arms around him from behind. One of his hands closed around my arm as he stroked a finger along it. Two of the witches let out bloodcurdling screams, and I tightened my hold around Tristan as they all but exploded into a million bloody chunks. Two down, five to go, I thought and nuzzled the back of Tristan’s neck as his growl grew to the volume of human hearing. Behind me, Freya let out a pained moan. The scent of witch blood permeated the back of my throat, and it felt like I was breathing in steam rather than air. Riana let out a hiss of pain as a green bolt grazed her arm, singeing her skin.
“Fucking… A!” the witch exclaimed and exhaled sharply. As she did, white frost exploded from her mouth and smashed into the face of her attacker. She continued to exhaled frost, until he was completely covered in solid ice. The four remaining witches cursed and slammed bolt after bolt at the blue barrier around her, creating ripples and dents. Riana telekinetically lifted the witch-shaped icicle into the air before slamming him into the nearest witch. They went crashing into the remaining three with a lot of cursing and grunts of pain.
“Hmm, that has to hurt,” I said under my breath, and then winced as an icicle was stabbed into the next nearest witch’s eye. Riana walked over to the ice statue and looked at it critically, ignoring the screams of the injured and the dying. “Is he dead?” I asked and pointed to the statue.
“Yep,” the witch replied. “But, just in case…” She picked up the statue and hurled it at the wall as hard as she could. It shattered into a billion pieces, and my ears rang with pain. Grimacing, I pulled back from Tristan and mentally snapped the neck of one of the two remaining witches. Tristan turned and looked to Freya, who lifted her head and stared him in the eyes. The last witch slowly got to her feet, panting as she raised a hand to cast. A black tendril-like energy shot from her palm, and it would’ve hit the back of Tristan’s head if he hadn’t moved with lightning speed, and I hadn’t been in the way. The spell struck me in the chest, propelling me backward into Freya. She grunted, her arms going around me as she, Rory, and I crashed into Sven. Luckily the door held, halting our progress into the hall. My vision blurred, and I breathed through my nose and out my mouth as pain seared every inch of me. Tristan’s furious snarl filled the silence that followed, and the witch didn’t make it two steps before he was on her. I would’ve smiled at the sound of crunching bones if I hadn’t been in pain. My vision narrowed to pinpricks, and I groaned as I tasted blood at the back of my throat.
“Okay.” I wheezed through the pain, gasping and hissing. “That really, really fucking hurt,” I said before passing out.
I came awake slowly, shivering as I forced my eyes to open. Like always, it was dark. I slowly drew in air, and when I didn’t experience any pain, I let out what air I had in me and took in a deeper breath. Kicking the blanket aside, I swung my legs off the bed and got to my feet. Walking to the door, I opened it and stepped into the hall. The sound of thumping music reached my ears, and I frowned as I made my way down the stairs. It was shut off a second later, and I blinked as Skyler’s arms came around me. “If you fall, I’m going to be annoyed.”
“Hi to you, too,” I said dryly as Tristan and Freya came out of the kitchen. Skyler led me to the couch and gently pushed me onto it.
“She’s alive,” Kira said from the opened door of the basement.
“What the hell were you listening to?” I asked as she slammed the door shut and came over.
“Dance.”
“I… didn’t know that you like dance.”
“I don’t. Clicked on a random video on YouTube.”
“Ah.”
“So,” she said and flopped down beside me. “How do you feel?” I paused and mentally checked myself over. Tristan dropped down on my other side, and I shuddered as Freya gently pushed me back. The jolt from the touch of her fingers was like being shocked with a cattle prod set on low. Tristan’s energy swirling throughout the room wasn’t helping, either.
“I feel…” I scowled.
“Out of it?” Skyler offered as she stared intently at me.
“Sure,” I said with a heavy sigh and blinked in surprise as Jordana appeared from nowhere. “And when did you learn how to teleport?”
“Just now,” Jordana said and coughed, grimacing. She looked… sane for the moment, until she met Tristan’s Eyes. “I saw Roxana,” she blurted and let out a squeal; whether it was a squeal of excitement or nervousness, I couldn’t tell. “Well,” she continued quickly, loud enough to drown out Tristan and Freya’s growls. “It was actually her witch. What’s her name?”
“Did she harm you?” Freya asked, and I wanted the couch to swallow me up as her magic pressed into me.
“No,” she said thoughtfully. “She just waved at me.” Freya let up on her magic slightly, but not by much. “I just thought I let you know she’s back in town.”
“Thank you,” she said, calm as ever. “We knew Roxana is. Just not Alecta.” Jordana nodded. “And please hand over the vials that are in your pocket.”
“What vials?” the young vampire asked innocently and rolled her eyes at the ceiling. “I don’t have any.”
“Is that so?”
Jordana nodded rapidly. “Uh huh,” she said and slapped Skyler’s hand away when she reached in the direction of her pocket. Jordana let out a hiss and snapped her fangs at the fledgling. “No, touch!” Skyler held up her hands, nodding as she took several steps back. I pushed myself up and groaned as the room spun around me. Tristan’s hand pressed into my back, keeping me upright as everyone snapped their full attention my way.
“Okay,” Skyler said and stared at me. “That’s not good. The question is, is it due to the witch’s spell? Or the usual?” Tristan turned to me, wrapping an arm around me as he leaned in and inhaled deeply. I arched an eyebrow.
“Seriously?” I asked.
“Yes, seriously,” Freya said and tilted her head back. She drew in a deep breath through her nose and let it out slowly. Tristan pulled back, shaking his head.
“What?” Kira asked and scowled at her sire. “What does that mean?”
“No hint of the spell on her,” Freya replied, and I let out a yelp as she held out a hand and zapped me with a dark blue bolt of energy.
“Argh, a little warning?” I asked and scowled at her. She smirked, dropping her hand and turning toward the door as someone approached.
“Ah,” she said as the door opened. “Here is little Nova and Brianna.”
“Oooo,” Jordana said excitedly. “Can I hold her? Can I?—can I?”
I laughed softly. “If you promise not to eat her.”
She pouted. “Fine,” she said with a long, drawn-out sigh. “Take away all my fun,” she grumbled under her breath as Brianna entered. Kira jumped from the couch, flashing to her side and snatching Nova out of her arms.
“Hey!” Brianna spluttered. “Give her back!” I opened my mouth to demand that they hand over my daughter, but Tristan pressed his wrist to it, shutting me up before I could get a word out. With an inward sigh, I sank my fangs in and pulled in the hot, sweet, and electrifying blood down my throat. And no, not that kind of electrifying. I shuddered, grabbing his arm for balance as energy zinged through my entire body. Out the corner of my eye, I watched as Nova suckled on one of Skyler’s fingers. From the scent of her blood, it was bleeding. I took in another long pull of Tristan’s blood and withdrew my fangs, sighing in relief as my strength slowly returned to me. Freya, who was as still as a statue, twitched imperceptibly and crouched before me. Tingles shot up my arm as she took my hand in one of her own and pressed a thumb over the pulse in my wrist. I studied her intently and wondered where the fuck she went in her head, because I could feel her hunger as clearly as if it was my own. I could also feel the agonizing pain burning in her veins and the urge to attack anything that was in sight. Hell, everyone present could feel the beast lurking just under the fragile surface, and I thought Tristan had it bad. I supposed if the devil had a hand in it, it could be anyone. For some reason only she knew, she picked the most dangerous witch on the planet. A warm sensation—almost like a heat blanket—washed over me, and I blinked as Freya released my hand and straightened to her full height of five-foot-eleven. Tristan nodded to something she said, and we watched as she turned and flashed up the stairs.
“What did she say?” I asked softly as I took Nova from Skyler.
“She said you’re clear,” Tristan replied, staring after her. I nodded as I gently nuzzled Nova’s fine hair. Dressed in light blue shorts and a pink shirt with a picture of Tweety Bird, I smiled at her. Inside, however, I was angry.

JORDANA

Ten minutes or so later, I found myself outside. I blinked up at the swiftly approaching night sky and frowned. My brain seemed to quiver in my skull as I forced myself to remember why I came out in the first place. A dull ache made its home in my forehead, and I let out a yelp of surprise as a tingling sensation skittered from the top of my head down to my spine. “Oh,” I muttered under my breath. “Not good-not good-not good.” I rubbed my forehead and took in the lingering scent of Freya and followed it to… wherever she was. The sceneries blurred by me as I took in nothing. It looked like I was seeing things through blurry lens as I ran—faster than human eyes could track. Spotting the Night Life Bar, I slowed to a walk and scowled. Freya wasn’t there, but I headed inside, nonetheless. Conversations died off at my entrance, but I ignored it and went up to the bar. The touch of magic in the air caused me to pause, and I looked around without being obvious about it. I stiffened, a growl at the back of my throat as I found two witches staring at me. Witches that I didn’t know, and if I didn’t know them, I despised them. I didn’t like the way they were looking at me, either. “A mai tai,” I said to the bartender and slipped her a ten. If the witches knew they’ve been outed, they didn’t react. The bartender set my drink on the bar and swiped the cash off it as I took it. Without a word, I nodded to her and sipped at my drink as I walked to the table already occupied by the two witches. I pulled out a chair with a foot and dropped into it. I continued to sip at my drink, eyeing them over the rim of my glass.
“Can we help you?” one of them finally asked. I smirked and took a large gulp of my drink before setting it down and sitting back.
“What’s up with the woo-woos?” I asked and waved my hand through the air. They stared at me, confused. I sighed and took another gulp of my drink. It was either that or scoop out their eyes with a paper pink umbrella. Or shove it so far up their asses they would need to shine a flashlight up the assholes to find it. “Why do you have magic at the ready?”
“Ah,” the second witch said and nodded. “It’s just a precaution.”
“Precaution, hmm. I see.” My skin prickled painfully as the magic became more charged. The back of my neck tingled, and I stiffened, shuddering as my blood heated and buzzed to life. I scowled and stared at the witches as the door opened. Sven entered, glancing at the patrons before heading for the bartender. He said something to her that I couldn’t make out, but after a couple of minutes, she nodded and let out a long, ear-piercing whistle. Apart from me and the witches, everyone turned to her as Sven walked to our table. “I didn’t do anything,” I said before he could get a word out.
“I know,” he said casually and stopped beside my chair.
“What do you want?” the first witch asked, and I growled as magic pressed in all around me. In answer, my sire slid a glossy dark blue card with a purple nightshade flower taking up almost the entire card—with its long leaves and black berries. The witch flipped the card over and stared at the crimson teardrop depicted on the top left corner. In the center was a name—a last name to be exact—and I squinted at it.
“Ooo,” I said, a little excited. “Are you guys in trouble?” I pointed at the card and tried not to grin like an idiot.
“She is expecting your visit,” Sven said and wrapped his cool hand around my own. “I advise that you not keep her waiting.”
The witch set down the card and looked up. “Who is… “she”?”
I giggled and leaned back in my chair. “You know her by her first name,” I said and smirked. “Does the name, Freya, ring a bell?” I asked and bounced a little. “Freya Vikanich. Oh, I want to be there. Can I come along?” I let out another giggle as they turned green. Sven growled something under his breath, and I yelled in protest as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

FREYA

Oh, I was going to kill someone before the night was over. I leaned back on the couch in my office and let out a heavy sigh. The only illumination was the small white box on the center of my computer screen prompting me for the password. I glared at it, digging my fingers into my temples as my vision narrowed to pinpricks. I looked down at the golden circular pendant hanging on a silver chain around my neck and lifted it, tracing the sapphire-shaped teardrop encrusted with black diamonds. I had given it to Isra after a few weeks of her turn and found it sitting in a light blue box on her dresser. It was nothing special, but I couldn’t help myself as I lifted it from the white cushion it was on and imbued it with my own magic. The cool pendant tingled in my hand; its magic shielding me from the light and the sun. I scowled, slipping it under my shirt as I sat up. I took in a deep breath and got to my feet as a light tap sounded at the door. “Come in, Brianna.” Brianna pushed the door open and stepped inside, hesitating. “What can I do for you, sweetheart?”
“There are two witches outside. I don’t know them.” She glanced over her shoulder at the opened doorway. “I thought outsiders couldn’t get in.”
“They cannot,” I said and walked to her. “Where is Riana?”
“She’s at the gate with Ari, Nova, Alexander, and Natalia overseeing the few last touch-ups on the wall.”
“Ah, yes. I was wondering about that.”
She smirked. “It was Ari’s idea. I think she’s planning to turn this into a fortress.”
“What does Tristan say about this idea?”
She shrugged. “Nothing much. She gave him the look.” I arched an eyebrow and tilted my head to the side. “You know, the look that says if you disagree with me, I’m going to remove something vital,” she clarified and gave me an exasperated look.
“Ah.”
“So, about the witches, should I escort them in?”
I nodded. “Yes. Who is with them?”
“One of the hunters. I don’t know his name.” She walked to the door and stepped out into the hall. “I’ll be back.”
“Take your time,” I said and walked to my desk. I sat and poked at the mouse with a finger. The screensaver disappeared, and I quickly typed in the twenty-character password into the box. The Council’s logo popped up briefly before the links appeared. The distant sound of footsteps and voices were background noise as my eyes took in everything that was on the screen. After a moment, I shook my head and growled. Taking in a deep breath that burned the back of my throat, I mentally reached out. A light touch pushed gently against the barriers I had up, and I smiled as the light touch became a jab. A second later, Liana appeared beside me and gave me an annoyed look.
“I’m going to catch you off guard one day. Just wait,” the huntress said and glanced at the computer. “What you need?” I pointed to the paper beside the mouse and got up. “Oh. Sure,” she said and sat as she reached for the mouse.
“Thank you,” I said as Brianna appeared outside the door. I walked to her and put a hand on her shoulder. The two witches standing behind her looked about ready to run, and I did my best to breathe as little as possible. Can I come? The young fledgling asked into my mind. Yes, I silently replied. Brianna sidestepped, and the two witches paled as I stepped from the office and closed the door. “This way,” I said to them and led them down the hall. At the elevator, I jabbed the down button.
“Where are we going?” Brianna asked as the doors slid open.
“To the prison floors,” I said dryly, and then smirked as gasps sounded from behind me. I entered the elevator and turned as the others got in. “We’re going to the seventh floor,” I said and stabbed the button to go down.
“That’s where they teach magic,” Brianna said, frowning as an annoying beep sounded on each floor. I nodded and leaned in close to the taller of the two witches as the doors slid open.
“Release your hold on your magic,” I said quietly. “Or I will release it for you. And before you call my bluff, know that I do not give threats without carrying them out.” Her dark green eyes narrowed on me, even as her heart stuttered and sped up, pounding in my ears as Brianna held the doors open, waiting. The light press of magic let up, but it was still there as I stepped from the elevator. I resisted the urge to strangle them as I led them down the dim hallway and into one of the empty classrooms. They followed me to the whiteboard and remained silent as I erased runes and what look suspiciously like a diagram of a bomb. “Please, have a seat at one of the desks.” Rory appeared beside me, and I turned to him as they found their seats. “How did it go?” I asked, low enough for him and Brianna to hear.
“It went well. No one suspected I was there.”
“Good,” I said and glared at the witches. “That is good.” I turned to face them, and I leaned back into Rory as he wrapped his arms around me. “Primaries?”
“Why?” the second witch asked.
I sighed. “Must I spell out everything?” Rory tightened his hold around me, preventing me from launching myself at them and probably slaughtering them where they sat. Brianna, on the other hand, straightened and growled at them as she stalked angrily to the back of the classroom. A soccer ball-sized chunk of ice thunked the two witches on the head a second later as she spun to look out the window and into the next room beyond. They reached up, knocking it to the floor where it shattered into a couple puddles of slush.
“Just answer the god damn question,” the fledgling snapped and folded her arms, huffing out an annoyed breath. “Is it a secret?”
“Yes and no,” I replied and chuckled as she scowled at me. “Think about it.” She huffed out another breath and dropped her arms, turning to lean against the window. “But yes, answer the question. For I am about to melt your brains if you do not. Believe me when I say that you will not appreciate the experience.”
“Fire,” the first witch grudgingly said and glared at me.
“Mind,” the second witch hissed. “And I doubt you can melt my brain.”
“Oh?” I asked. “Are you so certain of that?” Brianna mumbled something I couldn’t make out, but judging by the harsh undertone of it, it wasn’t something nice. The witch hesitated, saying nothing. “I thought not.” Before I could say more, Tristan appeared beside Brianna, who let out a small gasp and quickly took several steps away from him. He glanced at her and said nothing as he moved in a blur, clamping his hands around the shorter of the two witches’ throat. I pulled away from Rory and closed the short distance between us. I stopped in front of where they sat and placed my hands on the desk, watching as the witch clawed at Tristan’s hands in a vain attempt to breathe. “Were you about to cast a spell?” I asked mildly. “Because if you were, I hope it was something painless and… inoffensive.” I reached out and lightly touched the back of Tristan’s hand. In response, he released the witch and rested a hand on the back of her chair.
“It wasn’t,” she hissed.
“Well, that is… a pity,” I said and reached out, putting a comforting hand on her shoulder. She looked at me in confusion, and I smiled at her, before snapping her neck with a satisfying crack. “Take her,” I said to my sire. “Before she grows cold.” He gave me an amused look as he pulled the lifeless witch out of the chair.
“I’ll be back shortly,” he growled and disappeared. I turned to the surviving witch and inclined my head to her. The smell of rage and fear was palpable as she glared at me, trembling as she struggled to hold on to her magic.
“I will not have my witches trying to kill me or each other,” I said softly. “Do not like it? Then find another coven that will take you in. If you wish to join mine, I expect trust and loyalty. I will not accept distrust or betrayal from anyone. There are more to this, of course. But I trust I do not have to list them all… do I?” She pushed back from the desk and got to her feet, fuming as she stomped toward the door. “Brianna, if you please, escort her out.”
“Sure thing,” the fledgling said and flashed to the witch’s side.
“Just one more thing,” I said and flashed to block the door. The witch was forced to stop, and she glared up at me. “I do not forget,” I whispered and broke down her defenses she had up around her mind. She let out a bloodcurdling scream, dropping to the floor and writhing in pain as blood streamed from her eyes, ears, and nose. I quickly sifted through her memories and smiled coldly as I released her a minute later.
“Grrr,” Brianna complained. “You guys need to learn how to give warnings. Like seriously. It’s not that hard, you know?”
“Yes,” I drawled. “You have said this many, many times, I assure you.”
“Just checking, because you know, none of you ever listen.” Huffing and puffing in annoyance, she yanked the witch to her feet and all but threw her out into the hall.
“You’re drooling,” Rory said in my ear. I blinked, shuddering as he put a hand on my shoulder. Placing his other hand on my chin, he tilted my head back until I could no longer see the pool of blood on the floor. Of course, it did not help. But, no matter how much I wanted it, I was not going to subject myself to such depravity of licking it off the floor. I reached up and nudged his hand away with a low growl. Tristan reappeared in the room, and I let out a grunt as he grabbed me and yanked me up against him. Before I could protest any further, everything went dark.
“Oh,” Ari said as Tristan dropped me onto my ass. “Hey, Freya. How are things?” she asked casually. I fell onto my back and stared up at the ceiling.
“You know,” I said flatly and pushed myself upright. “Are we going to—”
“The hideout Rory found and slaughter everyone inside?” Ari finished, interrupting me.
“Yes.”
“We are,” Tristan said, growling as I flashed to my feet and launched myself at him. He hit the floor with a grunt, letting out a hiss as my fangs struck his neck. I was a little surprised that he didn’t throw me across the room. Instead, he wrapped his arms around me, muttering under his breath as I pulled long and hard on his neck. I swallowed the hot sweet blood, inwardly shuddering as I continued to feed.
“So,” Ari said, and I grunted as she jabbed a foot into my ass. “According to Sven, we’re leaving in ten minutes.” She continued to kick me, until Tristan moved, pressing his thumbs into my cheek. I pulled back, wincing.
“Close it.” My tongue darted out, and I reluctantly sealed the bite wound. Ari pulled me up, scowling. Pulling myself together with way too much effort for my liking, I stepped back from Ari and turned.
“Donnica is outside the wards,” Kira said in too cheerful of a tone for my liking. I glared at her as she nuzzled Nova’s hair. “Someone should go and do something before she ends up, you know, accidentally killing herself?”
“I’ll go,” said Ari.
“As will I,” I said softly and walked into the kitchen.
“You’ll scare the poor thing,” she said, following me in.
“Oh, I think you underestimate her.”
“Humph.”
“Freya is right,” Tristan growled from his prone position on the living room floor, not even bothering to get back up.
“Quiet,” she growled, and I smiled as he grumbled under his breath. Pulling open the refrigerator, I looked inside and scowled.
“That doesn’t help you anymore,” Kira said as I pulled out a full bag of blood and bit into it with a shudder. “Does it?” She turned to her sire and waited. “Well?” she prompted as he remained silent.
“How do you younglings put it?” he asked rhetorically. “It… takes the edge off.”
Kira blinked, and then snickered. “Got ya. Still.” She took the last four steps down as I dropped the empty bag into the biohazard bin. “Are you coming?” she asked as Ari and I walked toward her. Ari took Nova from her and cuddled her child close.
“No,” Tristan said as Kira reached for the door and opened it. Cold air blew in, and I took in a deep breath of it as we stepped outside.

DONNICA

“So much for inconspicuous,” I muttered as I forced myself not to turn and run back the way I came. For one, there were eyes on me, and two, I wouldn’t make it even a yard. I took another step back from the pulsing magic I could feel as I looked around. “This is not creepy at all,” I said to myself. “Nope, not at all.”
“Talking to yourself?” Kira asked as she walked toward the fifty-foot gate and opened it with a loud screeching sound that was very painful to my ears. It hit the opposite wall with a clang, vibrating slightly as it settled.
“You guys want to build a wall around our HQ, too?” I asked as she stepped through with Ari and Freya.
“You paying?” I scowled, and she smirked as she reached out a hand. “Come on, you’ll be fine.” She paused. “I think.”
“You think?”
“I’m… ninety percent sure you’ll be in one piece.”
“Kira Conoleki Tronis,” Ari admonished.
“What? I said I was ninety percent sure.” She yelped, reaching up and rubbing the side of her head. “Okay,” she said, exasperated. “Okay, fine.” Grumbling under her breath, she turned to Freya. Ari chuckled, putting a hand on my shoulder and giving it a gentle squeeze.
“That is an adorable baby,” I said and reached out, petting the infant’s hand.
“Thank you,” Ari said and led me through the gate. “I take it Kira has been sending you pictures?”
“Lots of them. I think I need to add another gigabyte to my plan.”
“You do not!” Kira exclaimed as she and Freya followed us up the path.
“How far out is the wall?”
“Three miles all around. A mile outside the wall is a ward, and a mile from that is another ward.”
“I didn’t feel any ward until I got to the gate,” I pointed out.
“Well,” she said slowly. “There will be whenever Freya gets around to putting them up.” I nodded, smiling as Nova gripped one of my fingers. “Don’t let her put that in her mouth,’ Kira warned as we broke from the trees.
“Are there wards inside the walls?” I asked, giving her a nod.
“Yep, but not right now. The only warded perimeters are the wall and the HQ itself.” I nodded as we stepped onto a gravelly path.
“Looks like you’re building a tiny village,” I said dryly.
“Nah. We’re just adding the wall of China.”
I snorted. “Really? Wall of China?” She shrugged. “Where are you taking me?” I asked as we stepped into more of the surrounding forest.
“Just to the stream up ahead.” I again nodded, resisting the urge to squirm as I felt Freya’s eyes on me. Ari dropped her hand from me, nuzzling her daughter’s tummy before holding her out. I blinked, hesitating.
“Go on,” Ari said with a smirk. “You can watch her for the night. Freya and I have to go. We’re late.”
“Ah, right,” I said and took the swaddled-up bundle of baby from her.
“Late for what?” Kira asked as we reached the stream.
“They’re hitting one of the lairs,” I said and sat on one of the stumps.
She pouted. “I can’t go?”
“Not this time,” Ari said and ruffled her hair.
“Is Skyler going?”
“No, she’s not. You guys can bitch about it together.” She harrumphed. “Before we go.” Ari turned to me. “Was there a reason you came?”
“There is,” I said and waved her away. “But it can wait.”
“Are you… sure?”
“I’m sure. It’s not an emergency matter.”
“Okay,” she said doubtfully. “But if you need anything, just call any one of us.”
“I will. I promise.” Ari gazed down at Nova for a long moment, until Freya stepped up beside her and put a hand on her arm.
“She will come to no harm,” she said softly.
“Right,” Ari muttered. “You’re right. Let’s go before Sven kicks both of our asses.” A second later, they were gone.
“We’ve come a long way,” I mused. “Haven’t we?”
“Yeah,” Kira said slowly, thoughtfully. “Just don’t bring up memories left buried.”
I arched an eyebrow. “What memories? Like the time you almost killed—”
“Nope,” Kira said loudly, cutting me off. “I definitely don’t remember that one.” I smirked and peered down at the little thing in my arms.
“Aren’t you adorable,” I cooed to Nova, who completely ignored me as she stared up at the night sky, as if it was the most interesting thing in the world. “So, do you have a boyfriend yet?” I asked. “Or a girlfriend?” A short distance to my right, Kira spluttered, and I could all but feel her glare drilling a hole into the side of my head.
“Hey,” a tall, female human with blonde hair called to us as she jogged over. “Did they leave?”
“Hannah,” Kira said cheerfully, looking relieved. I raised Nova higher and gave her a peck on her plump cheek.
“Your sister has been a bad girl,” I whispered into the infant’s ear. “You should bite her.”
“Donnica!” Kira exclaimed, outraged. “You’re supposed to be a good role model for my sister!”
I lowered Nova and grinned at the blonde fledgling. “Oh?” I asked as the fat baby made a gurgling noise. “I was?” Her mouth opened, closed, opened, and closed, but no words came out. She growled and turned back to Hannah, muttering under her breath. Then she spun back around and looked past me. I stiffened as a tingle of warning ran down my spine.
“Can you hit her?” Kira asked as Tristan silently made his way toward us. “Like, please?”
“I was told that it’s not nice to hit people,” Tristan drawled, plucking his daughter from my arms. Kira snorted, kicking bits of dead twigs and crushed leaves into the stream.
“Why doesn’t anyone ever listen to me?” she complained to the human leaning against the tree. “Hey, you’re not wearing a jacket,” she continued, looking surprised. “Aren’t you cold?” I blinked and stared at Hannah, inclining my head. She was wearing a white hoody and a pair of blue jeans, like it was summer and not mid-winter.
“I er…” Hannah said slowly and shrugged.
“You’re a witch!” she exclaimed, all but accusing her. “You’re a freaking witch!”
“Huh?” I asked and casually sniffed the air. “A witch?”
“Emerging witch, apparently,” Hannah said and shrugged.
I looked over my shoulder at Tristan. “Is she for real?”
“Yes,” he growled and scowled down at his daughter as squeaks issued from her.
“Who found you out?” I asked and leaned forward.
“Freya,” Kira and Hannah said in unison.
I frowned. “Does she have some kind of witch radar or something?”
“She can detect her own line,” Tristan said under his breath.
“Well then,” I said, a little too enthusiastically. “Welcome to the family. Or. Oh, never mind, you know what I meant.” She let out a grunt and muttered something that sounded suspiciously like, “a family of mass murderers, more like”.
“You’ll get used to it,” Kira said and flashed to Tristan’s side. “Give me Nova,” she continued, her arms out. “Give-give-give.” Tristan’s hand shot out, grabbing one of her own and had it to Nova’s mouth before she knew what was happening. Kira let out a gasp of surprise as tiny fangs sank into the side of her hand. “I hate you so much,” she said through gritted teeth as he passed the infant over to her. With a grunt, Kira bounced the baby in her arm once, twice. A silent conversation passed between sire and childe for a couple of minutes, before Kira gave a nod and turned the way we came. I got up and followed them inside. Once there, Tristan gave us a nod and vanished before she, Hannah, or I could say another word.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

ARI

Well damn, I thought, grunting in pain as I yanked a footlong piece of wood from my stomach. A torrent of blood came with it, and it would’ve splashed a crouching huntress in the face if she hadn’t dodged in the last second. I glanced at the bloody wood in my hand, before stabbing the sharp end of it into the throat of a snarling rogue. Tristan, who was behind him, jumped aside before the wood could go through him, too. Since I wasn’t really in vampire mode, my blood wasn’t safe to make contact with. The rogue, on the other hand, was dead long before his head parted from his shoulders. Brynna looked down at the head she was holding by the hair, before tossing it through the hole in the far wall. I took in a deep breath, wincing as the overwhelming scent of blood punched through my demon half, shoving her down. Or was that demon quarter? Whatever. I blinked, and then fell on my ass to avoid the swinging sword aiming for my head. Tristan’s hand came out of nowhere, yanking it from the female rogue’s grip and decapitating her with her own sword. He admired it for a moment, and then the weapon vanished into thin air. “Don’t you have enough swords?” I asked and rolled to my feet.
“He’s not keeping it,” Brynna said casually. “It’s mine.”
“How many are left?” Tristan growled. Brynna paused, tilting her head as she did some mental math.
“Someone is running,” she said and was gone. Tristan growled something to Freya, and then she and I were running after Brynna. Wait, why were we running after her?
“Four of them are on the move,” Freya said dryly, an answer to my silent question.
“You can just teleport them to us, you know,” I pointed out.
“Yes,” she said slowly. “But it is not as gratifying as physically capturing them.”
“You have a point,” I said and launched myself into the air, propelling myself at one of the rogues. Grabbing her around the back of her neck, I squeezed as the sudden added weight dropped us a few feet toward earth. Blood ran down my hand as my claws dug in deep, even as the rogue drove her elbow into my stomach. I wrapped my free arm around her, and she gasped, hissing at the touch of demon blood. Her head suddenly jerked back, and I barely turned my head in time to avoid her breaking my nose. The jolt of pain to the side of my head wasn’t fun, but it was better than smashing in my face. “Feisty little one, aren’t you?” I mused as my feet touched the ground. I released her and punched my hand into her back, straight for the heart. Wrapping my fingers around the pumping organ, I yanked. Dropping both heart and corpse, I launched myself into the air and grabbed the last surviving rogue by the back of his shirt. Before I could detach his head from the rest of him, Freya appeared out of nowhere, wrapping her arms around him and burying her fangs into the side of his neck. I pouted at her and released my hold as I slowly descended. “You’re stealing everyone else’s fun,” I said, nodding to a scowling Brynna. A fireball lit up the sky, and a second later, ashes rained. Brynna harrumphed, kicking over the dead rogue as Freya landed beside her.
“Let us go,” she said, setting the body ablaze. I grunted and walked over to them. Freya rested a hand on us, and everything went dark.
“Down here,” Sven called up to us as we appeared back where we were, in one of the hideouts. We stepped through the broken doorway, Brynna still grumbling under her breath as we made our way down the stairs into the basement.
“Humans,” I hissed, coming to an abrupt stop on the last step. “Great. Just what we needed.” I took the last step down and strode toward Tristan, who was eyeing one out of the seven humans’ jugular. “Tristan!” I said sharply and planted myself before him. Freya stood rigidly at the top landing, forcing Brynna to squeeze passed her. “No. Eating. The lambs,” I said and stroked his cheek, until he blinked and took my hand into his. His grip tightened as he gathered himself and took a step back. Releasing my hand, he scowled at the humans. I glanced up at Freya and nodded to Liana, who had a hand on her shoulder, prepared to hold her back.
“How long have you been here?” Sven asked the nearest human to him.
“Not sure,” one of them mumbled. I turned and looked them over, inwardly wincing. They all looked like they could use a good dose of some blood replenish vitamins, and I was half tempted to ask Jailyn to bring the rogues back from the dead so that I could kill them all over again. Sven nodded, and then stiffened as my eyes shot toward the opening where the door should have been.
“Oh,” Sven growled. “They did not.”
“They did,” Rory replied flatly.
“I hate when there are children involved,” Sven snarled as one of the humans let out a whimper. “Sleep,” he hissed and vanished. “Liana, take care of them,” he continued from upstairs. “Sister, with me.” Freya growled and took in a shuddering breath, before turning and disappearing from sight. “Bryn, tear this place down. I want nothing overlooked.”
“On it, boss,” Brynna said dryly, and I snorted.
“I’ll be outside with Raina,” Tristan growled and teleported.
“Well,” I said and nodded to Liana. “They’re all yours.”
“Thanks,” she grumbled as I went up the stairs.
“How many?” I asked Rory as we stepped outside.
“Two,” he growled and muttered something under his breath. “A three and a four-year-old.”
“Did they…?”
“No.”
“Oh, good,” I said and let out a sigh of relief. “If they did, I was going to have the rogues be resurrected for real.”
“And,” Jailyn said as the horizon began to lighten with the swift approach of dawn. “I wouldn’t have done it if you asked.”
I scowled at her. “Why not?”
She smirked. “You know why.” Letting out a resigned sigh, I nodded.
“Come on.”
“Where are we going?”
I shrugged. “Anywhere and nowhere.” We headed around to the back of the building, in time to see Tristan ripping into a rogue’s neck, and Raina using another one for a punching bag. “Late arrivals?” I asked as Raina drove a blade into her victim’s chest. She grunted and stood up, stomping down on his hand before he could reach up to remove the weapon. Tristan came up to me, wiping the blood from his hands with a dark blue handkerchief. He gave Raina a nod, and she smiled, looking gleeful as she slowly drove her hand into the rogue’s stomach, reaching for his heart. “Since when do you carry that around?” I muttered as Tristan pulled me to him. I leaned back against him and arched an eyebrow when he remained silent.
“Kira bought it for him,” Rory said and smirked.
“Awww,” I said and patted Tristan’s thigh affectionately. “You’re turning into a softy day-by-day.” He growled, and I yelped as a fang pricked the back of my neck. I turned in his arms and scowled. Don’t give me that look, he growled into my mind. What look, I silently purred. I smirked as a low growl vibrated against me, and the red ring in his eyes vanished. His arms tightened around me as I tried to pull away. I let out a shriek at the sudden shock of cold as ice water poured over my head and down my shirt. I glared at Sven, who was holding a red cooler in his arms. I slapped my palms on Tristan’s chest and shoved him away. “Laugh it up,” I growled at him and flashed over to Sven. “Give me that.” He backed up a step for each one of my own, smirking.
“I just thought you needed a cold shower,” the leader of the hunters drawled and closed the lid. “Tristan doesn’t mind the cold.” I bared my fangs at them, huffing as I stalked off.
“Admit it,” Jailyn said in her usual serene, melodic tone as she kept pace with me. “It was a little funny.”
“Oh, go away,” I said under my breath, trying very hard not to smile. She poked me in the cheek, before tapping me on the nose.
“You’re going the wrong way. And Freya wants to see you.”
I blinked. “Why?” I asked suspiciously.
She shrugged, putting a hand on my shoulder and guiding me in the right direction. “No idea. She wouldn’t tell me.”
“That makes me a little nervous. When?”
“At your earliest convenience.”
“Wonderful.” Her hand still on my shoulder, she teleported, taking me with her.
Appearing in the archway between the front door and the living room of Freya’s home, Jailyn patted me on the back and disappeared. With a sigh, I walked into the darkened hallway, coming to a stop as Rozalia zoomed toward me. “Who let you in?” she squeaked, red sparks flying from her mouth as she hovered an inch from my face. “Bad,” she continued, pointing a claw at me as her wings flapped in agitation. “Bad, Ella.”
“Oh, you little.” She let out a squeal as I snatched her from the air. “I will rip off your wings and beat you with them, you little piece of shit.”
“Let me go. Let me go.” Her claws dug into my arms, and I bared my fangs at her.
“I see that you are getting reacquainted with my little friend,” Freya said in a deadpanned tone.
“I’m going to murder her,” I said with a sigh and tossed her across the hall. Rozalia shrilled something incoherent as I turned to Freya. “You wanted to see me?”
“Yes,” she said slowly, unblinking. I cautiously walked toward her, and I gasped as she wrapped a hand around my wrist. Her grip tightened as she pulled me along with her. It was like sticking my hand into a socket—the current shooting up my arm to course through my entire body.
“If you take me to your magical lab, I’m going to beat you senseless,” I warned.
“Will you now?” she asked and turned to me. “I think I prefer being knocked unconscious,” she continued as I leaned against the counter in her ground floor bathroom. “I could sleep and not wake for a century or two.” She closed the door with a snap and tore off her bloody clothes, dropping them in the sink. “But sadly,” she whispered as I stripped out of my own clothes and jumped into the shower. “That is not to be. As much as I crave the release that only deep sleep or death provides, I will not subject myself to the embrace of darkness just yet.” Oh, I wanted to bang my head repeatedly into the wall and weep. I didn’t understand the hold a beast had on a vampire. Not really. None of us did. I faced the wall, my back to Freya as I quickly washed the blood from my hair. Freya remained silent, watching me as thoughts ran rampant in my mind. When I was done, I took the blue towel she held out to me and wrapped myself in it as I stepped from the shower. Putting down the toilet seat, I sat as she took her turn. “I am tired, Ariella.” I winced at the sound of my full name and glared at her back. “Life is…” she paused, running her fingers through her ice-blonde hair. “Such a bore the older you are.”
“Oh,” I said with a sigh and leaned back against the tank of the toilet. “I agree,” I continued softly. “I a hundred percent agree.”
“Humans.” Freya sighed heavily and shut off the water. “How… what is the word?” She stared up at the showerhead, water dripping from her body as she scowled. I stood up, pulling another towel down and handing it to her. With an annoyed growl, she turned and took it from me.
“Dimwitted?” I offered as I walked to the door. I more felt than saw her shrug as I opened the door and stepped out. “They love Hollywood.”
“Oh, how they amuse me,” she said, more to herself than me as we entered her bedroom. Rory looked up from the file he was reading and set it on the nightstand that was beside the bed. From the lack of blood on his clothes and everywhere else, he must’ve showered back at HQ.
“Speaking of Hollywood,” Rory said, his eyes on Freya as she dressed. “I heard that Natalia had a movie night with the girls last week.”
“Don’t you dare,” I warned. Freya chuckled, and I caught the clothes she tossed my way. “I have to put up with Kira moaning and bitching about how mind-numbingly boring, stupid, and ridiculous it was.” I quickly dressed and belly flopped onto the bed with a groan.
“Well,” Freya said, and the bed dipped as she sat. “If the little one wishes to be enamored with a Twilight marathon, then it will be done. After all, we could use—” I pushed onto my knees and slapped my hand over her mouth. She silently laughed, her cold hand covering mine as she pulled it away.
“Do not finish that sentence.”
“As you wish,” she said with a sigh and pushed to her feet. I fell face first to the bed and rolled onto my back. The familiar onset of the flu came over me, and I grabbed a pillow from beside me and hugged it to my chest. Rory got up from his chair and came over, dropping onto the bed with a bounce. We watched Freya leaving the room, and I prayed she wasn’t going to give me another disgusting potion to drink. Rory leaned over me and rested a hand on my cheek.
“Am I burning up?” I asked dryly.
“You are,” he drawled, dropping his hand and leaning back. “If you want to know your temperature, I can get a thermometer.”
I smirked. “Is that a—?” I laughed as his hand clamped tightly over my mouth.
“You and your dirty mind,” he growled, before removing his hand and glaring at me. Freya returned, and I groaned at the light blue bottle in her hand.
“What is that?” I asked and pulled another pillow over my head.
“Oh no,” Rory said and plucked the pillow from my hands. “Sit up.”
“Go away, I’m sleeping.” Freya’s hand slipped under me, applying pressure to my back as she lifted me into a sitting position.
“You may sleep after you take this,” she replied calmly and flicked the stopper that kept the contents from spilling. “Now, drink up.” She took my hand into her own and wrapped my fingers around the bottle. “Drink it all.”
“If I don’t?” She smiled, her hand moving up to the back of my neck. She remained silent, and I clamped my jaws shut as she brought the opening of the bottle to my mouth. Tristan appeared in the middle of the hall and entered the room. I tried to shove Freya away, but it was useless as my strength drained from me. Tristan sat on the foot of the bed, and he grabbed my ankle as I attempt to kick him. He gently squeezed, stroking my bare leg. I let out a long, drawn-out sigh and reluctantly opened my mouth. I gripped the neck of the bottle with my teeth, and Freya released my hand as I tilted my head back. The thick, cool liquid slid down my throat like slime, and I grimaced, spitting out the small glass bottle with a shudder of disgust. Yet, energy zinged through me, coming alive as if I’d stepped on a livewire. As strong as it was, it didn’t last long. Freya picked up the bottle that rolled between my legs and set it on the table. I put my hands on the bed and leaned forward, groaning. My stomach agreed with my dislike of the slime potion, tightening and churning in pain as I tried very hard not to puke. There was some shifting around on the bed, but I was too busy holding my breath and staring at the blanket to pay attention to what was happening. Tristan’s hand appeared in front of me, cupping my chin and lifting my head. I blinked, giving Sarisa a blank look as she limped toward us.
“You look… lovely,” Sarisa said as she fell sideways onto my legs.
“Right,” I said dryly as Tristan held a glass to my mouth. I reached up, taking the cup of ice water and draining it.
“Next time,” she scolded. “Sip it. Don’t pour it down your throat in one go.”
“Yes, mother,” I said sarcastically and sighed.
“Good.” She reached out, flipping up my shirt and pushing me back against Tristan. “Do you want more water? Or are you good to feed?” I moved my tongue around, grimacing as I found a little bit of the potion. Freya took the empty glass from my hand, walking to the water dispenser sitting on her dresser that I hadn’t noticed earlier.
“Freya, I’m never taking that potion again,” I said and scowled at her. “Next time, just slam bolts into me.” I frowned thoughtfully. “Or make a potion that doesn’t taste like dog shit.” Rory arched an eyebrow in question and grunted as I drove my foot into his side. My stomach quivered as warmth seeped from Sarisa’s hand into me. Freya turned from the dispenser, smirking as she handed me my water. I glared at her and sipped at my drink. Sarisa continued doing… whatever she was doing, and I watched as Freya pushed up her right pantleg, wrapping a hand around the bullet wound that was no longer visible. I stopped drinking and blinked at the red swollen bruise. Beside me, Tristan growled. “Risa!” I exclaimed as she withdrew her hand. I sat up, gulping down the rest of my drink before setting it on the floor. Sarisa rolled onto her back and pushed herself up. Leaning forward, she slapped Freya’s hand away and massaged her leg, wincing.
“I fucking hate demons,” she growled, alternating between massaging and rubbing her leg.
“Join the club.” Sarisa’s hands glowed white, and she muttered obscenities under her breath as she healed herself.
“If you like, you can feed.”
“Do I have a choice?”
She smirked. “Not really.” I turned and fell atop of Tristan, sighing as I snuggled into him.
“I’ll do it when I wake up,” I mumbled as his arms came around me. I nuzzled his neck and closed my eyes, sighing as sleep claimed me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eleven

HANNAH

A Starbucks coffee in one hand and a bag of everything-topped bagel in the other, I pushed open the door and stepped outside. It was almost one in the afternoon, and I squinted against the bright glare of the sun as I walked across the parking lot. Reaching my car, I set the bag of bagel on the hood and pulled the keys from my pocket. A beep sounded as I jabbed the button to unlock the doors. Grabbing the handle, I pulled it open and leaned in, setting the quadruple shot caramel macchiato in the cup holder. Ducking back out, I grabbed my lunch and settled into the driver seat. Before I could pull the door shut, a pale hand grabbed the edge of it and held it in place. I looked up and squinted, as if I could see the color of her eyes behind the dark frames of the sunglasses. “Can I help you?” I asked cautiously. I didn’t know her, and vampires I didn’t know, made me nervous. Well, more nervous than the usual.
“That’s a loaded question,” she replied smoothly.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” She chuckled, and I stiffened as she crouched to get a better look at me. “Should I start writing down my own eulogy? Hmm, speaking of eulogy, I haven’t written down my will yet.” She glowered at me, and I gasped as her hand shot out, wrapping around my wrist like a vise. Before I could protest, my entire body went numb, and everything went dark.
Someone was persistently tapping my forehead. I opened my eyes and blinked against the pitch darkness of… wherever I was. I slowly sat up and tried to make out something, anything. A hissing noise—like that of a match being struck—sounded to my right, and I turned my head. A flickering candle came to life a second later, barely illuminating the tall figure standing between a table and a chair. “It was about time you woke up,” she said flatly as she closed the distance between us. When she was beside me, I could see that she was tall with platinum-blonde hair and ice-blue eyes. Dressed in all black, she was impossible to make out. I would’ve thought she was a human, if not for the danger vibe that rolled off her in waves. “It seems,” she continued, sounding amused. “That I’ve interrupted your lunch.”
“So, it was you that brought me here?” I asked and blinked as my coffee and bagel appeared in front of me.
“No,” she replied as another candle flickered to life. “I cannot venture out into daylight.”
“You’re a vampire?”
“Hmm,” she said softly, thoughtfully. I frowned and unwrapped my bagel. “You know, you’re really calm for a kidnapped person.” I shrugged and bit off a large chunk of my food. “Why is that, I wonder?”
“I have a fucked-up sense of mind?” I suggested and swallowed. There was another hissing sound, and I looked up as a third candle came to life. She set it down a couple of feet from my drink and straightened.
“I trust that you are smart enough to realize that anything you say or do, it will not get you anywhere?” I nodded. “Feel free to explore. And if you please, don’t set anything on fire.” With that, she left me alone.

ROXANA

Curiouser and curiouser, I thought, amused as I peered through the one-way window at Hannah. Her eyes darted about, as if unsure of what to look at. “At least tell me where I am,” she complained and chugged her coffee like it was water. I reached over and pressed a button located at the bottom left of the window. A speaker crackled to life, and I smirked as her head jerked up toward the ceiling.
“You’re in Sweden,” I said and chuckled as she choked. She covered her mouth with a hand before the bagel could make its escape.
“I’m where?” she spluttered and took another gulp of her drink.
“You’re in Sweden,” I repeated and lifted my finger from the button. I banged my head against the window as a burning pain ripped through me.
“I haven’t been back here for nine years!” Hannah yelled and chewed nervously before swallowing her last bite of food.
“Take a stroll around town,” I said dryly. Of course, given that there was a thick wall separating us, she didn’t hear a word I said.
“Why did you bring me here?”
“Because,” I said and teleported in front of her. “I need entertainment.” Hannah dropped the empty cup and wrapper into the white bag as she picked up the candle and got to her feet. I pointed behind her, and she turned, grunting as she walked to the trashcan and dropped it in.
“What do you mean by entertainment?” she asked as she slowly turned to face me. I closed the distance between us and took the candle from her. Her eyes went wide as I put out the flame by eating it.
“Good question,” I said and dropped the putout candlestick onto the nearest table. Hannah sidestepped and backed away from me as I leaned in and inhaled deeply. Her scent—hot and sweet—filled my nose and the back of my throat. I held it there, sifting through it like peeling away layers of skin. Straightening, I savored the taste of hot blood and a hint of something sweeter. I broke them down, until I could taste mint, smoke, and the sweet tangy taste of necromancy. Hannah eyed me like I was going to rip her head off, mounted it on a spike, and stake it at the end of my driveway for all to see. Fear rolled off her in waves, and concentrating on dissecting her scent was all I could do to keep from biting her instead. I was more interested on figuring out what her primary magic was going to be. I swallowed and scowled as a swirl of magic surrounded her. From the color of sapphire and the smell of eucalyptus and winter fresh mint, I knew exactly who it was. After all, each person that had a hand in wielding magic—no matter how little or how big—came with their own unique signatures of some kind. The flare of magic lasted for only a couple of seconds, but it didn’t go unnoticed by the human standing in front of me.
“What was that?” she asked and shivered.
“Oh,” I said casually. “It’s just Freya divining your location.”
“Will she see you?”
I smiled. “I am afraid not. Sorry.” She grumbled something under her breath, nodding. “And to answer your unspoken question, she knows where you are.” I smiled. “And, she’s standing outside my door.” She gulped. “Shall I… invite her in?” She nodded. “Ah, sweet girl. One day, you’ll find yourself dead.” I put a hand on her shoulder and teleported. Appearing in my living room, I left Hannah and walked to the door. Opening it, I stood back and allowed Freya to enter.
“How did I know that you would have her?” she asked, calm as ever.
“Your premonitions of such things are starting to be on point?” I suggested and slammed the door shut.
“Or it is perhaps the black cloud that swirls about Hannah like an angry little thing?”
“Do you have a point to make?”
“Yes,” she said softly. “I do.”
“And, what would that be?” I turned from the door and yelled in pain as what felt like a white-hot spear of lightning struck me. It lanced through the top of my head, and my every muscle locked up as currents of electricity coursed throughout my body. Since magic couldn’t harm me, it only meant one thing. “You,” I growled. “Did not.” With a snarl, I broke through the pain and launched myself at Freya. She met me in midair, and we crashed into each other with the sound of crunching bones. Freya’s growls were loud in my ears as I took her to the floor. “Release her,” I snarled as she went still under me.
“Release Hannah,” she hissed. I pushed off her and growled.
“You are just no fun,” I snapped.
“When was I ever… fun?”
“I will not release Hannah.”
“Likewise, I will not release Alecta.”
“Then it seems that we are at a stalemate.” Freya slowly got to her feet and closed the short distance to Hannah. Placing a hand on her shoulder, Freya let out a low hiss, baring her fangs as she glared at me.
“What is it that you want?”
“I,” I said and stared into her solid white eyes. She staggered back a step as my compulsion slammed into her. “I am going to awaken the magic within her. You will stand there and do nothing. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes,” she replied flatly. Hannah slowly backed away, and she yelped as I flashed to her and wrapped my fingers around her wrist.
“Not so fast, sweetheart,” I said and pulled her to me.
“What are you going to do?”
“Nothing damaging,” I reassured her as I picked her up and dropped her onto the nearest couch. Too fast for her to track, I bit into my wrist, tearing it open and pressing it to her parted mouth. She gasped as I tilted her head back, forcing her to swallow the blood. The moment my blood slid down her throat and into her stomach, her eyes went wide as pain slammed into her. I stepped back, watching as she groaned and doubled over. A short distance away, Freya let out a low growl at the scent of fresh blood. A hand pressed to her stomach, Hannah took in a wheezing breath and looked up at me.
“What did you do?” she gasped, shuddering as the pain intensified.
“I did exactly what I’ve said to Freya,” I replied.
“Does it have to hurt so fucking much?” I shrugged and slipped into her mind, easing her into a deep sleep. I caught her before she could hit the floor.
“Freya,” I said and glanced at her. “Take her home. And, release Alecta.” I handed Hannah to her and released her from my compulsion. Freya blinked, her arms coming around the sleeping human. “Just this once,” I said softly as I reached up and stroked her cheek. “I’ll let it go. Next time, however, I’ll not be so… generous.” Freya growled, and I jerked my hand back a split second before her fangs could make contact. I smiled. “Are you still angry at me for ripping out Isra’s heart?” A feral snarl ripped from her, and if looks could kill, I’d probably be a pile of smoldering ash on the floor. Rage barely contained, Freya teleported, taking Hannah with her.
“That was mean,” Alecta said from behind me.
“Was it?” I asked and turned to her. She sighed, giving me an exasperated look.
“You. Are impossible.”
I smirked. “Perhaps. But you like me… just the way I am.”

TRISTAN

“So,” Ari said and wrapped her arms around me from behind. Resting her chin on my shoulder, she sighed. “What you looking at?” I grumbled unintelligibly under my breath and narrowed my eyes at the computer screen in front of me. Clicking on the only blue link there, I watched the one-minute-countdown. “What’s that?” Ari straightened and dropped into the chair next to me, frowning as a red box appeared. I shrugged and turned as my office door opened.
“He’s trying to access the witch database,” Sesilie said and stepped inside.
“Trying? Didn’t know he was a hacker.”
“Oh,” Sven drawled. “He’s not.” He entered behind Sesilie and closed the door. Coming up on my other side, he pulled the keyboard toward him and typed in… whatever it was. A moment later, a list of names appeared on the screen. “Candidates for the Nightshade Coven.”
“Who came up with that name?”
“Riana.”
Ari grunted. “Not bad, I suppose.” The rage that hit me a second later was so sudden that my vision dimmed, and everything went red. It vanished in another second, but it returned just as quickly. “What the hell?” Ari gasped, and I turned, catching her before she could fall to the floor.
“Freya!” I called out into the still silence. My office door was blasted off its hinges a split second later, and Ari let out a yelp as she flashed to her feet. Sven hissed, and I silently groaned as he slammed Freya into the wall. She went through it, snarling as she hit the floor with a loud thud. I got up and walked to the hole in the wall, ducking as I entered the other room. Freya flashed to her feet, and she let out a pained snarl as I dropped her. “What is the matter?” I asked and walked to her. Her mouth opened and shut several times, as if unable to speak. She silently fumed, and I let up on my hold slightly and frowned. Sven and Ari came up behind me, and Ari placed a hand on my shoulder as I slowly released Freya. After a moment, she sucked in a deep breath and held it, before releasing it with a whoosh of air.
“Freya?” Ari asked. “Are you okay?”
“I am going to kill Roxana!” she snarled and flashed to her feet. “One way or another, she is going to wish she had never—” She broke off and growled so loud that my ears popped, and warm blood trickled down the sides of my neck. A headache and a nosebleed weren’t far behind, and I silently groaned, tilting my head back as Freya spun around and began to angrily pace the room. A stream of Swedish profanities poured out of her, and I just stood there, waiting. After a long few minutes, she stopped pacing and panted, still fuming as growls and snarls issued from her.
“What happened?” Ari asked softly as Kira walked in, holding a squirming baby in her arms. She came up to me and held out the infant. Before I could take her, Ari snatched her up into her arms. I scowled. “You have blood on your hands.” Right, I thought and walked to the opened door. Freya and Kira followed me down the hall and into the bathroom.
“How’s the head?” Kira asked as I turned on the sink. Grunting in response to her question, I washed away the blood and glared at myself in the mirror as I shut off the water. Turning to face them, I leaned against the counter and looked them both over.
“Tell me,” I growled softly and stared deeply into Freya’s solid white eyes. Damn, I thought and held back the rage that wanted out. I never wanted this for her, but oh no, Roxana had other ideas. I straightened and exited the bathroom. Putting a hand on Kira’s shoulder, I turned her toward Ari. Sven appeared at my side and wrapped an arm around Freya, who was struggling not to launch herself into the room and… well, eat my daughter. I took in a deep breath and silently cursed as my vision swam in and out of focus. Shaking my head vigorously, I grabbed Freya’s wrist and teleported. “Now,” I growled as we appeared on the roof. “Tell me.” Freya took in a deep breath of the fresh air and let it out slowly.
“Roxana had Hannah,” she growled. “So, I took Alecta.” I stiffened. “I went to her, and I find that I can harm her.”
“Oh?”
“They are mated.” Sven groaned. “And I used it to my advantage.”
“Where is Hannah?”
“At my home.”
“And where did you find her?”
“Sweden.” Sven let out another groan and shook his head. “And… her magic has been awakened.”
“Primary?” She shrugged, and then sighed. No need to ask how she got Hannah back; it didn’t take a genius.
“I did not bother to stay and ask.” I nodded and looked around. I have her, I silently said to Sven. He nodded and disappeared.
“Come,” I said to Freya and stepped from the roof.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twelve

KIRA

I tossed a strawberry crème dark chocolate truffle into my mouth and slowly chewed. “How many of those have you had?” Ari asked and entered the kitchen.
“One,” I said and scowled at her.
“Uh huh,” she drawled, not believing a word I said. I popped another truffle into my mouth and turned from the refrigerator as the doorbell rang. “I told her she can just come in,” she muttered as I followed her to the door.
“Human habits are hard to break.”
“Humph.” She pulled the door open and glared at a smirking Brianna, who held up a white paper bag of… I sniffed and let out a squeal of delight as I snatched it from her. Ari gave me an exasperated look and stood back for Brianna to enter.
“How is the baby tonight?” she asked and reached out a finger. She touched it to Nova’s nose and gently pushed on it. “Meep-meep.” I laughed as she got a kick to the mouth for her effort. Spluttering, she glared at me. “That wasn’t nice,” she said to Nova and gave her a mock growl. “You want to fight?” Nova made a cooing noise and kicked a leg into the air. “Oh, so you do. Fine then, let’s take it outside.” I burst out laughing, shaking my head as I strode into the living room. “She’s going to be a nightmare when she grows up,” Brianna said as she and Ari followed me to the couch.
“Oh, she will be,” Ari said and nuzzled her daughter’s tummy. I opened the bag and peered inside it.
“Krispy Kreme,” I said and sighed happily as I pulled one out and bit into it. Brianna snorted and yanked the bag from my hand.
“Ari, something is seriously wrong with her. I mean, like, seriously, seriously wrong with her. Did Tristan rewired her brain when he turned her?”
“Hey!” I exclaimed and swallowed. “Kira is right here, and Kira can hear every word that you’re saying, you know.”
“Okay, that’s it. It’s official. She’s mental.” I snorted and took another bite of the glazed doughnut.
“Where did Sesilie go?” I asked with my mouth full.
“No idea,” Ari said and looked toward the front door.
“How long is she staying?”
“She’s leaving tomorrow.” I nodded and stuffed the last bite of doughnut into my mouth.
“Do you think she’ll go back to speaking in third person?” Brianna asked in an audible whisper.
“Oh, fuck you, Kegorah,” I said and threw a pillow at her. She snickered and grabbed herself a doughnut from the bag before setting it on the table. “Ari, you should try one.”
“No, thank you.”
“Oh, come on.” She chuckled, and then spluttered as Nova shoved her hand into Ari’s mouth. “That’s new.” Ari gave the baby in her arms an accusatory look as she gently pushed down on the tiny hand. “Damn, too bad I didn’t have my phone out. I wanted to put it on snapchat.”
Ari rolled her eyes. “You people and your social medias.”
“I’ll make you a twitter account and pretend to be you.”
She put Nova into the cradle and groaned. “Please, I beg of you, don’t.”
I smirked and shrugged. “Instagram? Facebook? Snapchat?” She turned and glared at me. “Okay,” I said and held up my hands, laughing. “Okay. No social anything for you.”
“Thank you,” she said and huffed out a breath. “Now, if you two will excuse me, I have some things to hunt down.”
“Have fun,” Brianna said and waved to her as she disappeared. I eyed the bag of doughnuts sitting on the table and sighed. Brianna snatched up the bag and vanished into the kitchen.
“Bitch!” I yelled and got to my feet.
“You’ll suffocate Donnica with your overwhelming scent of sugar.”
“Fuck you,” I said and grumbled as I walked to the door. I opened it and inhaled the night air.
“Scenting for anyone in particular?” I let out a yelp as Rory stepped from the shadows and walked toward me.
“Rory!” I hissed and stood back for him to enter. “What are you doing here?”
“Nothing,” he said and leaned toward me. He sniffed, and then sighed as he straightened.
“Uh huh.”
“You’re going to be like a beacon to every predator out there, you know.”
“I’m not patrolling.”
“Oh?”
“I’m—” My next breath stuttered to a halt, and I stiffened as dread settled over me. Rory cleared his throat and looked to the door I still held open. “God damn it,” I gasped. “Why didn’t you say that to begin with?”
“I love seeing your reaction.” Brianna, who was standing a few feet from us, let out a squeak, and I silently cursed the universe as Freya’s hands came down on my shoulders. A second later, everything went dark.
“Fuck me,” Brianna said and shuddered. I let out a shudder of my own and took a step away from Freya.
“Are we in trouble?” I asked and looked around. We were, of course, in her lab.
“Now, why would you ask such a thing? Freya replied slowly as she walked to one of the tables lining the walls.
“Because you have the creep-o-meter going.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“Never mind,” I mumbled and dropped into the nearest chair. “Is Rory coming?”
She shook her head and picked up one of the many bottles cluttering the tabletop. “He is keeping little Nova from doing anything…”
“Damaging?” Brianna finished for her.
“Yes.” She walked over to Brianna and held out the small glass bottle of clear liquid to her. Brianna took it cautiously, as if the bottle was going to explode in her hand.
“What’s… this?” she asked suspiciously and held it up in front of her. She eyed it dubiously and flicked the cap off.
“A potion.”
I snorted. “That part we got,” I said dryly and sidled up to them. “Do I get one?”
“Hmm, I am still considering it.” Bitch, I said silently and prayed that she wasn’t listening in on my thoughts.
“What does this do?” Brianna asked and gingerly sniffed it. “Doesn’t smell like anything.”
“What? You want it to smell like my dog’s ass?” I asked and snickered at the disgusted look on her face. Freya sighed and picked up another bottle from the table.
“Children, children,” she said, sounding exasperated as she came over and handed it to me. “Drink up.”
“What does it do?”
“Drink it, or I will bite you,” she growled.
“Okay okay,” I said quickly and downed it in one gulp. Brianna did the same, and we shuddered as a cool sensation washed over us.
“You will be protected from any means of magical attacks,” Freya finally said after a minute of silence.
I nodded. “How long?”
“Seventy-two hours.” I again nodded. “You will be joining Ariella in a few minutes, and there will be witches involve.” Brianna perked up at that news and looked around the lab. “And no, Brianna, you will not take any of my magical trinkets, as you put it.”
“Oh, come on,” she complained and scowled up at her. “Just one?”
“What do you need it for?”
She shrugged. “Never know when it might come in handy.” Freya shook her head, and before Brianna or I could say another word, everything went dark.

ARI

The scent of fresh, sweet blood was overwhelming, and I could’ve sworn that saliva fell from my mouth. I grabbed the nearest witch to me and buried my fangs into the side of her neck, using her as a shield as a spell came at me. I quickly drained my witch and tossed her at the spellcaster as I ducked another spell. A vampire grabbed me from behind, and I snarled as I heard my spine snap. I hit the ground hard, and I couldn’t do anything as hot blood rained down on me. “You okay?” Brianna asked and pulled me to my feet.
“I will be in a moment,” I said tightly as my spine realigned itself and began to heal. “Fucking witches,” I growled and charged headfirst into the nearest witch. Air whooshed out of him as I knocked him flat on his back. I straddled him and wrapped my hands around his neck. Before I could tear his head off, an invisible force lifted me off him and tossed me across the parking lot. I slammed into the side of the abandon building, and I snarled as my head struck the ground. White stars burst behind my eyes as I groaned in pain. I let out a yelp, hissing as a bolt of lightning seared into my side. Shit, I silently thought as I flashed to my feet. Either I was going soft on them, or the witches had gotten smarter. I personally hoped it was the latter. I launched myself at two of the witches standing close to each other and buried my fangs into one of them as my hand punched into the other witch’s chest. My fingers wrapped around her heart, and I tore it out before she could focus enough to cast another spell. I quickly drained the one I was still holding and threw the body into the path of a rogue as he lunged for me. Why in the world’s fuck were they working together, and what could they possibly achieve? If the devil was behind all of it, I was going to seriously nuke the planet. Or maybe just Sweden and the surrounding Scandinavian countries. I looked around, realizing that everything had gone quiet. I saw a witch making a run for it and Brianna bolting after her.
“Well,” Jailyn said from behind me. “Looks like I missed all the fun. Again.”
“Sorry,” I said and turned to her. “Next time, I’ll save some for you.”
“Thanks. I’d appreciate that.” I snorted as I watched her eye me up and down. Kira came around from the back of the building, flinging blood out of her hair as she stomped over to us.
“What crawled up your ass?” I asked her as she too, looked me up and down.
“A fireball did, if you must know,” the fledgling muttered and ran her hands through her bloody hair.
I blinked. “Come again?”
“I think it was meant for my head, but it got me in midjump.”
“You’re saying that the fireball actually hit you in the ass?”
She smirked. “Yep.” She turned and patted said ass. “See?” I laughed and shook my head at her scorched jeans. Hell, I was surprised they were still in one piece.
“Better get that off soon,” Jailyn warned. “Before you healed with bits of fabric in your flesh.”
Kira winced and glared at her. “Now that you said that, I’m off to change.” The necromancer smirked and nodded to Tristan as he appeared at my side. He scowled at me and grabbed a hold of my shirt. He didn’t even have to pull hard before it fell into pieces to the ground.
“Damn it,” I said and tried to look at the wound in my side. I wiped away blood and felt around for any open wounds. Finding none, I crossed my arms and glared at Tristan. “I hope you brought an extra shirt.”
“I did,” he said and held out a black T-shirt.
“Thanks.” I shrugged it on and blinked at Zaida, who walked toward us and stopped a few feet away. “Zaida, what are you doing here?” I asked and walked toward her.
“Wow, what happened here?” she asked and looked at the dead bodies strewn all over the place.
“Battles of the witches.” She snorted and walked around the blood and body parts, her chin in her hand as she frowned in thought.
“How come I don’t get invited to these things?”
I shrugged. “Did you sign up?”
“There is a signup sheet? Since when and where?” I chuckled and followed her around as she assessed the scene.
“How’s school?”
“I’m going to all of my classes and passing them like any other good student would.”
“Well, that’s good to hear.”
“My classes are interesting, to be honest.”
“Good. That’s good.” We stopped in front of a charred body, and I watched as she crouched to get a better look at something. “For the record, that was Brianna’s doing, not mine.” She nodded and pointed to a scorched mark in the pavement; a mark that was sizzling, as if someone had poured water over oil. I blinked stupidly at it as I stared. Tristan and Jailyn came over to where we were and followed Zaida’s finger to the mark that was… still sizzling.
“Are you sure you didn’t kill it?” she drawled.
“That sneaky son of a bitch!” I exclaimed.
“Oh, I am so proud of her,” Jailyn said and chuckled. “I’m definitely giving her a promotion.”
“Bitch!” Tristan looked like he was holding back a laugh as he pulled me to him and gave me a, ‘there, there’ pat. I harrumphed and snuggled into him. “And what promotion are you talking about?”
“Hmm, good question.”
“Can I set these bodies on fire?” Zaida asked.
“Yes,” Tristan said, and I smiled as she jumped to her feet, a fireball already formed in her left hand. We stepped back and watched her as she went to work with a little too much enthusiasm on her part.
“I’m not sure if I should be worry about her setting things on fire,” I said and winced as a stray fireball hit a tree. Before it could spread, several ice bolts smashed into it.
“I think you should applaud her,” Jailyn said, amused.
“I agree,” Brianna said as she walked over, a very dead witch over her shoulder. She dropped the lifeless body and kicked it. “Anyone want to eat her?” she asked and arched an eyebrow. “She’s still warm.” Before anyone could make up their minds to eat her or not, the body vanished. “Hey!” the fledgling yelled and scowled up at the night sky. “Give her back!” She looked at us and frowned. “Who took her?”
“I did,” Freya said matter-of-factly. She stepped from the shadows and smiled as the wind suddenly picked up around us, scattering the ashes to… wherever. “You are welcome,” she said casually as Zaida rejoined us.
“All clear,” she said and took a sip of her water.
“Thank you,” Jailyn said and ruffled her hair. “Let’s get out of here.” I pulled away from Tristan and nodded.
“Let’s,” I agreed and looked around at… well, nothing but the abandon building that was falling apart. Nodding to myself, I teleported.
I appeared in my bathroom and stripped out of my clothes, tossing them into the sink. I stepped into the shower and turned on the water, groaning as the hot stream cascaded down my body. “Ah,” I said with a sigh. “Bliss.” I washed the blood off of me and picked up the pink bar of soap. I winced at the sweet scent of it and wondered who had bought it. I quickly soaped up and rinsed myself off. Running my hands through my hair, I grimaced as blood clung to my fingers. “Ugh,” I grumbled under my breath as I shampooed my hair. After the third round of it, I forced myself to shut off the water and step out of the shower. Grabbing a white fluffy towel, I dried myself off and teleported to my room. Throwing the towel onto the bed, I walked into the closet and quickly dressed in a loose-fitting dark blue shirt and an equally loose-fitting pair of black shorts.
“Ari?” Kira called. “You better not be naked.” I exited the closet and scowled at her as she entered.
“If you came in a minute earlier, I would’ve been.”
“Humph.” She held out Nova to me with a scowl. “Here, take her.” I took my squirming daughter from her with a contented sigh. “She tried to eat me, you know.”
“Oh, stop complaining,” I said and nuzzled my baby. From the opened doorway, Skyler snickered.
“She bit her on the nose,” Skyler said and laughed. “Funniest shit ever.”
“Oh, fuck off.”
“Children, children,” I said and smiled. “Be nice.” I gestured to the door and walked out. Skyler and Kira followed me into the kitchen, and I held Nova with one arm as I opened the refrigerator. I scowled at the three bags of blood and sighed as I took one. I bit into the plastic and shuddered as the cold liquid went down my throat. “Disgusting,” I said around the half empty bag of blood.
“Why didn’t you warm it up?” Skyler asked.
“Too lazy.” She snorted and nudged me away from the fridge. I drained what was left of the bag and dropped it into the biohazard bin that was under the sink. “Is Tristan with Freya?”
“Yep,” Kira said as she thumbed away on her phone. “Rory is with them, too.” I nodded and lifted Nova higher onto my chest.
“Who are you texting?”
“Her boyfriend,” Skyler replied and smirked.
“Oh?”
“He,” Kira said with emphasis. “He is a she, and she’s just a friend,” she spluttered and grabbed a pencil from the organizer sitting on the counter. She threw it at Skyler, who caught it and threw it back to her.
“Uh huh, keep telling yourself that.”
“All right, all right, that’s enough,” I said as Nova gnawed on my finger. “Let’s all head into the living room.” They followed me out of the kitchen, and I dropped onto the couch as Brianna came up from the basement. “Do I want to know what you were doing down there?” I asked her as she sat down beside me.
“Nope,” she said and groaned. She glared at her phone, as if it had offended her in some ways. “Seriously?” From across the room, Skyler nodded. With a sigh, she slipped the phone into her pocket and stood. “I didn’t think being a witch was so boring.”
“Meeting?” I asked, and both she and Skyler nodded with equal amounts of displeasure. I chuckled and waved to them. “Just be glad it’s not a Council meeting. Now that’s what I consider as boring.”
“Oh god, you do have a point,” Skyler said and shuddered. “If I’m forced to attend one, just kill me, okay?”
I smirked, giving her a nod. “You got it.” I cuddled my daughter close, watching as they vanished into thin air. I leaned back on the couch and sighed as I looked up at the ceiling. I had a bad feeling that things were going to get worse, before they got better.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirteen

DONNICA

I shielded my eyes from the bright glare of the sun and squinted at one of the candidates standing in front of me. “Huh? Say that again?”
The vampire with dirty blond hair sighed and shook his head. “You heard me.”
“I know I did. I’m just making sure what I heard wasn’t just my imagination. Now, if you would be so kind as to repeat yourself?” He scowled at me and let out a heavy sigh.
“How about not?” Tristan drawled, appearing behind the guy and snapping his neck before he even knew what hit him.
“Hey! I was talking to him.” He arched an eyebrow, and I sighed, shaking my head. “How did you get in? Never mind, don’t answer that.” I waved to the gate and strode toward it. “Come on, I’ll give you a tour.” The feel of him nearby still gave me the heebie-jeebies, even after all these years of knowing him. I pushed open the gate, and I winced at the painful screeching noise it made. I led Tristan up the long winding road and to the back entrance of the dark red building. Before I could open the door, it was opened from the inside. I scowled at Trynnadon as he stepped aside to let us in.
“Tristan?” he said in greetings and eyed me up and down.
“Tryn?” Tristan stopped beside him as I continued to make my way to the second door. I opened it and held it, scowling at them as they communicated telepathically to each other. After a moment, they turned and walked toward me.
“Care to clue me in?” I asked as they entered what looked like a lobby; a lobby without the receptionist desk.
“Care to tell me why you were speaking to an incompetent vampire?” Tristan shot back.
“Ouch,” I said and pushed open a door that led into an empty office. Well, empty except for a table and a few chairs. “He wasn’t that bad, you know.”
“Oh, he was.”
“Do tell,” I said and pulled out a chair. He gave me a blank look, and I scowled at him. I rolled my eyes and sat with a huff. “Fine, what can we help you with?”
He smirked. “I came to see how you were doing with the, uh… recruitment.”
“Well, as you can see,” I drawled and folded my arms atop the table in front of me. “We’re still looking. Most of them are…” I shrugged. “Too… uh… brainless.” Tristan nodded, chuckling as he pulled out a chair and sat. Trynnadon did the same, and I blinked as a small stack of papers appeared in front of Tristan. “What’s that?” He pushed it over to me and smirked.
“I was asked to give you this.”
“By who?” I asked cautiously.
“Read it and find out.” I grimaced and picked up the first page. I briefly skimmed it, and I held back a shudder as a cold chill ran down my spine.
“I’ll uh… read the rest later,” I said and gulped as I dropped the paper.
“She’s not that bad,” Trynnadon said and smirked.
“So you say,” I mumbled. “You never seen her… never mind.”
“Well, you haven’t, either. I take that back, you never been in her company for a long stretch amount of time.”
“Just do not bring up the topic of her child,” Tristan warned.
“Got it,” I muttered. “No talking bad about her child unless I want my head several feet across the room.” I nodded to myself and leaned back in my chair. They stared at me, and I scowled. “What?” I suddenly found my arm in Tristan’s hand, and I yelped, cursing as his fangs flashed and sank into my wrist. It was for a moment, but it still hurt like a bitch. I yanked my arm back, and since he was still holding onto me… I sank my own fangs into his forearm and drew in a mouthful of blood that literally exploded in my mouth. I pulled back and swallowed, shuddering as his blood crackled and popped. Tristan released my arm, looking highly amused as he sat back in his chair. His throat worked as he finally swallowed, and then chuckled.
“Ten years ago, you would have never dared to bite me back,” he said and smirked.
“What was that for?” I spluttered and grabbed up a napkin that was just sitting on the table. I wiped away the small drop of blood from my wrist and glowered at him.
“I was curious as to why Freya found you interesting.”
“And?”
“And, now I know.” He inclined his head and studied me thoughtfully.
“Stop that,” I said and resisted the urge to squirm under his scrutiny.
“She has come a long way, hasn’t she?” Trynnadon asked, amused.
“Oh, fuck you!” I exclaimed and threw the wadded-up napkin at him.
“She has,” Tristan agreed, and I glared at them. He rolled his eyes and looked to the doorway. I blinked as the vampire that I was talking to earlier walked in, his eyes glazed over. “Sit,” Tristan said to him, and like a puppet, the dude pulled out a chair and sat.
“Good to know you’re still the same,” I mumbled and leaned forward in my chair. “Are you going to ask for his credentials?”
“Yes,” he said dryly and glanced at me. “Did you bother to read him?”
I shrugged. “Just his surface thoughts. I was going to go deeper if he pissed me off enough.”
“Mmm,” he said thoughtfully and glanced back at the compelled vampire. “Why did you apply to become a protector?” he asked and arched an eyebrow.
“To acquire rogues,” the brainless vampire replied flatly.
“Acquire?”
“For the witches.” I stiffened, holding my breath as the temperature suddenly dropped several degrees.
“What coven?” Tristan growled, and the back of my neck prickled in warning, even as icy fingers skittered down my spine.
“I don’t know. She didn’t say.”
“Her name?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t ask.”
Tristan took in a deep breath and scowled. “Very well,” he growled. “You’ll make a good plaything for someone I have in mind.” With that, the compelled idiot was gone.
“Magical barriers,” Trynnadon said and glared up at the ceiling.
“Yes,” Tristan growled and got to his feet. Trynnadon and I did the same, and we followed him back outside. At the gate, he stopped and turned to us. His arms came around me as I all but ran into him. Silently cursing, I held very still and prayed that he wouldn’t bite me again. “You have my permission to kill off any candidate you don’t like.”
“Sweet,” I said and pushed against his chest. “What’s the catch?”
“The catch,” Ari said as she appeared from out of nowhere. “Is that I have to okay it.” Her arms came around us both, and I stiffened as she rested her chin on my shoulder. “So, are we having a group hug goodbye?” she asked and sniffed me.
“Hey!” I exclaimed and elbowed her. “Stop that.”
“What?” Ari asked defensively. “I was told to sniff you. So, sniff you I did.”
“If I smell that bad, I’ll go and shower.”
She snorted and straightened. “It’s the opposite,” she said dryly and muttered something under her breath.
“Humph.” Tristan released me and took a step back. “How many members can we recruit?” I asked and sidestepped so that I could see all three vampires.
“Eight,” Tristan replied and shrugged. “Why? Were you planning to recruit an army?”
I scowled. “What number is considered as an army, military boy?” Tristan eyed me up and down, and then glared at Ari, who was holding back a laugh.
“Don’t glare at me. I didn’t serve.” Tristan shook his head and disappeared into thin air.
“Bye to you, too,” I muttered.
“Oh, he’ll be back,” Ari said and turned to Trynnadon. “Show me around?” He nodded, and I followed them, rolling my eyes as I went.
“So,” I said and glanced over my shoulder. “Are you like, our babysitter?”
“I wouldn’t go so far as that,” Ari said dryly. “Consider me as… your Council rep, or something of that nature.”
I snorted. “Sure.”
“What? You don’t like me?” She looked back at me and pouted. “And here I thought we were friends.” I scowled at her as we entered the living room. Walking over to one of the overstuffed black couches, I flopped into it, the cushion bouncing me lightly up and down. Ari dropped down beside me and threw an arm across my half-inclined form. Trynnadon, who was still standing, looked down at us and arched an eyebrow.
“Should I leave you two, to…”
“Yes, yes,” I said and waved a dismissive hand at him. “Go away.” Ari smirked. “It’s girl talk time. Nothing you want to stay for. Trust me. Go hang out with the guys.” He sighed and shook his head as he walked away. “Now then,” I said cheerfully. “How’s life?”

LILY

I rubbed my arm, trying to stave off the chills that came over me as I stood outside of Freya’s front door. I was never going to get used to being around supernatural. I took in a deep breath and rang the doorbell, even though I knew anyone inside could hear me coming from a mile away. Come in, Lily, a very amused Freya said into my mind. There is no need to go through all that. I harrumphed and opened the door. Taking another deep breath, I stepped inside and shuddered at the feel of the wards washing over me. “Where are you?” I asked and slid my backpack off my shoulders and into the crook of my arm. In my lab. Your sisters are also here. Come on down. I nodded and walked into the living room, straight for the closed door that blended with the white wall. I opened it and took the twenty steps down, coming to an abrupt stop at the sound of something exploding. “The hell?” I asked and stepped further into the lab.
“Sorry,” Jane squeaked and quickly backed away from a smoldering bowl of… something. Freya walked in from the other room and eyed the bowl thoughtfully.
“Uh,” Brianna said and scowled at the bowl. “That was me, not you.”
“Oh,” Jane said, looking relieved. Freya picked up the bowl and stared critically at it. From where I was standing, I couldn’t see what was in it. “I murdered it, didn’t I?” Brianna asked and winced.
“You did,” Freya said and disappeared into the next room.
“Crap,” Brianna muttered under her breath. Freya returned with another bowl in her hand and handed it to my sister.
“Try again.”
“What’s in there?” I asked.
“Water.”
“What was in the other one?”
Jane snickered. “She was trying to cook pizza rolls.” I blinked, and then blushed as my stomach gave a very loud rumble. Brianna coughed and glanced over at me. “Wow,” Jane continued. “Guess I shouldn’t have mention that. Sorry. Not sorry.” Freya smiled, shaking her head as she walked over to me. I held back a shudder as she rested a hand on my shoulder. She led me to a small table at one corner of the lab. I pulled out a chair and slowly sat.
“I have more runes for you,” she said as a black, drawstring pouch appeared in her other hand. She set it in front of me, and I resisted the urge to grab it. “See if you can activate them all.” I nodded and pulled the pouch toward me. “And I will have food brought down.”
“You cook?” Brianna asked. “Since when?”
“I do not, but Skyler, Corinne, and Kira do.”
“Since when do Kira cook?” Brianna muttered under her breath. “Please, tell me she sucks at baking. For the love of all that’s holy.”
I snickered. “What, you don’t want her baking cake? I love cake.”
“I already feel bad for Tristan and Ari.”
“Don’t forget Nova.”
“Oh, especially Nova. Her sense of smell will be ruin before she can even walk.”
“Okay,” I said and opened the pouch. “I see your point.”
“Cooookies,” Jane said happily. “Cookie-cookie-cookie-cookie-cookie-cookie-cookie-cookie.”
“Okay,” Brianna said, holding up her hands. “Now you sound like Angelica from Rugrats.”
“Say that loud enough, why don’t you,” Skyler said from the doorway.
“What are you making?”
Skyler shrugged. “Whatever sounds good.”
“Good enough for me.” I nodded in agreement with Brianna and pulled out the first rune tile. I looked at it and blinked at the two red squiggly lines. A sudden scream came out of nowhere, and I dropped the rune, jumping out of my chair and running upstairs.
“Rozalia!” Kira shrieked at the flapping imp, who was scuttling across the ceiling. “You. Little.” The fledgling snarled and launched herself after the imp.
“What is going on?” Freya asked, sounding somewhere between amused and pure boredom. Jane and I stopped in the middle of the living room and watched a furious Kira chase the imp around.
“No bitey for you,” Rozalia trilled, cackling as she let go of the ceiling and dropped to the floor. She scuttled up the stairs… or tried to. She let out a squeal as Freya’s hands shot out, grabbing the imp by the wings and yanking her to a stop. “What is it that you have there, hmm?”
“Nothing. Nothing.” Kira scowled and landed in front of them with a huff.
“She took my milk duds when I wasn’t looking,” the fledgling complained and snatched back her box of candy. With one last glare at the imp, she turned and stalked into the kitchen.
“Well,” Brianna said, looking relieved. “I thought someone was being murdered.”
“Speaking of murder,” Freya said sweetly, and a cold chill ran down my spine as she gave Rozalia a glare that could kill. She threw the imp across the room, and I covered my ears as the demon let out a shrilly scream. “I have a vampire that I need to interrogate.”
“Can I join?” Kira asked and appeared in the archway separating living room from kitchen.
“Mmm,” Freya said thoughtfully and frowned. “Perhaps.” Kira glanced down at the box of milk duds and frowned. The vampire witch hybrid rolled her eyes and sighed. “You can bring your candy with you.” Skyler tossed a double fudge brownie at Kira, who caught it effortlessly and grinned.
“Thanks, sis.”
“Don’t mention it,” Skyler said and smirked. I shook my head and walked into the kitchen. Kira ruffled my blonde hair as I passed her.
“Don’t burn down the house while we’re downstairs,” the fledgling called as she and Freya made their way down a darkened hall.
“You’re the one most likely to burn down the house,” I muttered under my breath. You’re probably right, Kira said into my mind, and she laughed as I let out a startled yelp. Walking over to the kitchen table, I pulled out a chair and sat. “Bri, can you bring up my runes?” My older sister nodded, a split second before a thud sounded as the pouch of runes hit the table in front of me. “Thanks.”
“Mmhmm,” she said as I leaned back and let out a contented sigh.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fourteen

HANNAH

Not again, I thought as I slowly came awake. I swear, I couldn’t even go out for some fresh air just outside my god damn front door. Pretty soon, I wasn’t going to be able to take a shit without somebody knocking me out. At least, this time, it wasn’t the fucking devil that kidnapped me. I rolled my eyes so hard that it hurt. I was also getting pissed off. No more nicey-nice. I kept my eyes closed and allowed my other senses to explore. I didn’t want guards of any kind patrolling my home, so Freya and I came to a compromise; one of the vampires were to mentally check in on me twice a day, and I were to respond. At that thought, I frowned and wondered how long I had been out. Since I wasn’t a vampire, I couldn’t mentally reach out to anyone. Yes, I was a witch, but I had no idea where to start when it came to anything to do with magic. I knew that vampires and all that existed years ago; but finding out that I had a witch somewhere in my family tree, and I, myself, had the ability to do magic, was still a little mind boggling to me. “From the frown,” an amused female voice said. “I’ll take it that you’re awake.” Shit, I thought and opened my eyes. I glared at the speaker and resisted the urge to choke her.
“Who the hell are you?” I asked and wished that my eyes could shoot laser beams. Since her eyes weren’t red, black, or glowing green, she had to be a witch… or a human. If she was a human, then she was the dumbest human that I’d ever met. Her hair was long and dyed black. She had watery-blue eyes, and her nose had been broken at least twice. Huh, I thought. At least I wasn’t the first person that she’d pissed off. I wanted to meet whoever these people were and congratulate them.
“Bliss.”
I snorted. “Bliss? Please, tell me that’s not your real name.” She glared at me. “Your parents must be desperate if they named you Bliss. Do you have a sister name Winter? Or Summer?” She continued to glare at me, and I shrugged.
“You’re a witch.”
“I know,” I said dryly. “Shocking, isn’t it?”
“What’s your primary?”
“You’re asking me? I have no idea.” I scowled at her. “If you haven’t notice, I’m not an expert in the magic field.”
“How do you not know?” I took in a deep breath and counted to ten in an attempt to calm my very strong urge to strangle the living shit out of her. It… did not help much.
“I,” I said slowly through gritted teeth. “Found out that I was a witch like just days ago.” I pushed myself into a sitting position and glared at her. “Did you immediately know what your primary was?”
“Of course. I come from a long line of mind manipulators.”
“Well, lucky you,” I said sarcastically. “You must be. So proud of your skills. Tell me, what juicy tidbit did you pick up from my mind? Any erotic images that you like?” I smiled as her face turned red.
“No,” she hissed. “For some reason, I can’t read your mind. Every spell that I’ve tried so far doesn’t work.”
“Oh, what a relief,” I drawled and snorted. “Maybe you need a touch-up on your ability to cast spells.” She slapped me, and I laughed under my breath as a high-pitched ringing started up in my ears and my cheek stung. “Looks like I touched a nerve,” I said, and bitch slapped her. To be fair, she started it. She shrieked, and I let out a yell as pain exploded in my head.
“You bitch!” she snarled and sent me flying into a wall. My vision went dark for a second, and the sound of my heart was loud in my ears as I saw stars.
“Bitch?” I growled. “What are you, fifteen years old?” Through my blurry vision, I saw her lunged for me. My head was still pounding, and I fought through the pain, getting to my feet just as she reached me. Blood trickled from my nose as I braced myself for the blow. I got another slap to the face, and really, it was getting old. I shook myself, ignoring the pain as I rushed her. From the nausea feeling in my stomach, rushing her wasn’t such a great idea. I grabbed the witch’s upper arm and drove a fist into her gut. The air left her in a whoosh, and she doubled over with a groan. The pain was suddenly gone, and I didn’t give her the chance to recast, or… whatever the fuck she did. I kneed her in the face before I picked her up and slammed her head into the nearest wall once, twice, and a third time just because I could. Besides, it helped to calm my sudden rage. I wasn’t so quick to anger, but god fucking damn, I was tired of being kidnapped, knocked out, and just… fuck it. I slammed her head into the wall for a fourth time, and I snarled as I ground her face into it. “Call me a bitch again and see what happens,” I growled to her unconscious form. I pressed the heels of my hands into my temples and gave her a kick to her kidneys. I looked around the bedroom, sniffling as I walked to the opened door. With one last look at the witch, I went exploring.
The small house looked like it hadn’t been lived in. Other than the light pink carpet that stretched the entire house except for the kitchen and the bathroom, there was nothing apart from the king-sized bed in the room I was in, and a single chair at one corner of the living room. I scowled and returned to the witch. I knelt beside her and carefully stuck my hands into the pockets of her jeans. I pulled out an iPhone and hoped it wasn’t pass-coded as I turned it on. I sighed deeply and glared at the screen prompting me for the code. “At least you’re not that stupid,” I muttered and stood as I pocketed the phone. “Still, I’m keeping it.” The witch stirred, moaning as she slowly came around. With another deep sigh, I bent and bashed her head against the floor. Straightening, I walked out of the bedroom in search of ropes. I didn’t find anything until I got to the garage. At one corner was a table, and I walked over to it as I eyed the cardboard box dubiously. Lifting one side of the box, I peered inside it. “Even better,” I said and smiled. “Duct tape. And a lot of them, too.” I stuck my hand into the center of the mess and pulled out a pair of scissors. Grabbing two rolls of duct tape, I went back inside, only to come to a stop as I felt a light pressure in my head. Hannah, if you don’t answer me, I’m going to go over there and kick your ass, Brianna said into my mind. I’m a little busy, I thought to her and made my way to the—hopefully—still unconscious witch. It turned out that she was. Doing what? Brianna asked suspiciously. I ignored her and cut off a strip of tape. With a smirk, I slapped it over the witch’s mouth. “I swear,” I said to her and began to tape her hands together. “There’s like absolutely nothing in this house, but yet, I found these in the garage.” By the time I was done, no parts of her hands were visible. Hannah, Brianna said, sounding exasperated, even inside my head. I sighed and sat back. I got kidnapped by a witch, I mentally replied and braced myself. You what? The vampire all but snarled. I wiped away blood with the back of my hand and scowled. Before I could answer her back, I stiffened as a chill skitter down my spine.
“Well, holy shit,” Brianna said out loud… from behind me. “Those are going to be a bitch to remove.” She crouched beside me and took my chin in her cool hand. She turned my head until I was looking at her. “How bad are you hurt.”
“I’m fine,” I said and glowered at her.
She arched an eyebrow, and then rolled her eyes. “I can feel your pain, you know.” She dropped her hand and eyed the witch. “What did you do to her?”
I shrugged. “I just bashed her head against the wall once or twice.”
“Uh huh,” she said dryly. “It was more than twice.” She placed a hand on my arm and gently squeezed. “Jailyn is coming.” I nodded and eyed the duct tape in my hands. “And, the witch is waking.” I leaned forward and grabbed the witch by the hair. Brianna grabbed the roll of duct tape from me and stuck a small plastic cup into my other hand before I could get a good grip on the witch’s head. I pouted and reluctantly pulled away. I glanced into the cup and grimaced at the sight of blood. It wasn’t even halfway filled. “Hold your breath, and don’t think about it.” I grunted and threw back the contents. “Or… that.”
“Thanks,” I said and set the empty cup on the floor.
“No problem,” she said, and we both turned as Jailyn appeared just outside the bedroom door.
“What do we have here?” the necromancer asked in interest. I pointed to the witch, who opened her eyes and began to struggle against the binding holding her. Jailyn entered the room and shut the door behind her with a loud snap. She came over to us and grabbed the witch around the throat, hauling her up and tossing her onto the bed. She stared at my handiwork and laughed under her breath. “I think we’re rubbing off on you, Hannah.”
I scowled. “I don’t know if I should take that as a compliment, or if I should be annoyed.”
“What are you trying to say? That we’re not a good influence on you?”
“I didn’t say that, you did.” She chuckled and flashed her fangs, before ripping away the tape covering the witch’s mouth. Brianna and I winced, though not in sympathy. The witch took in a deep breath, and I shuddered as Jailyn gave her a creepy smile.
“You scream, and I promise that you won’t like what I do,” the necromancer warned and lowered herself onto the bed. “Girls, if you would join me?” Brianna and I got to our feet, and we walked over to her. I flopped onto the bed and smiled as the bouncing caused the witch to turn green. Jailyn sighed and bit into her wrist. She pressed it to the witch’s mouth and glared at her. “Drink, or I’ll make you,” she growled. They stared at each other, unblinking. In the end, the witch lost. Her throat worked as she reluctantly swallowed. Jailyn pulled back and studied her critically. “Now.” She pulled out a pair of handcuffs and snapped them around the witch’s wrists. “Why did you kidnap Hannah?”
“I don’t need to explain myself to you,” she hissed.
“Sweetheart,” Jailyn said, her tone gentling. From the expression on Brianna’s face, it wasn’t a good sign. “You really, really do not want to anger me right now.” I took in a deep breath and held it. “So, I ask again. Why did you kidnap her?”
“I have my reasons. Who the hell are you?” Brianna’s mouth dropped open, and I just stared at her. Jailyn glanced at us, and then blinked. A split second later, a snarling hiss escaped her as she all but fell off the bed. I sat up as Brianna jumped to her feet.
“Jailyn?” she and I asked in unison. Jailyn slowly sat up, her eyes unfocused as she stared at… well, nothing. I looked to Brianna and frowned.
“Is she… okay?” I asked and glanced at the witch, who had gone deathly pale. “And, what’s wrong with you?” Brianna, who looked a little more than worried, knelt beside the necromancer and placed a hand on her arm. Tristan suddenly appeared out of nowhere, and I could’ve sworn that my heart stopped beating for the count of ten seconds. Brianna moved in a protective manner, only to freeze in place as he touched a finger to her shoulder. She remained that way, and I watched as Tristan placed his hands on either side of Jailyn’s head. He released her a second later, as if he had been burned. I never saw him move, because he suddenly had the witch around the throat. I yelped as blood all but exploded from her eyes, ears, and mouth.
“Shit!” Brianna yelled. “Don’t kill her!” Tristan dropped the witch and just stared at Brianna, like she had gone mental. The fledgling pointed a finger at me, and he blinked, as if noticing me for the first time. I slowly raised a hand and waved weakly at him.
“Hi,” I said and inwardly cringed. “Don’t stop just because I’m here.” It wasn’t the first time I saw death and violence, after all. Jailyn’s hand shot out, grabbing his wrist before he could finish the job. He looked down and scowled at her.
“I want the necromancers helping them,” Jailyn snarled, and then took several deep, calming breaths.
“Are you going to perform a pathway?” he asked and looked around.
“Not yet.” He nodded and walked over to the duct tape that was on the floor. He picked it and the scissors up, and I blinked as he sniffed the air. It was… a little creepy. The objects vanished into thin air, and I gulped as he nodded for me to follow. With great reluctance on my part, I stood and followed him from the room.
“Can I call my sister?” I asked as he led me outside. We came to a stop at the end of the driveway, and he turned to me, nodding. “I, uh, don’t have my phone.” He pulled out his, and I pulled out the witch’s. We traded phones, and I sighed in relief at the already unlocked screen. I dialed my sister’s number and pressed it to my ear. The other end picked up after a ring, and I jerked the phone away from my head. The speaker came on, and the entire world got an earful of inventive Swedish profanities, how she was going to creatively remove testicles, and ranting about the fact that the person on the other end of the line better be me. “Håll käften!” I all but screamed at the device in front of my face.
“Hannah?” my sister asked after a minute of silence.
“Yes, it’s me.” I glanced at Tristan and winced as she went off with another round of ranting… at the top of her lungs. I inwardly cringed as I saw the blood trickling from his ears.
“Sorry,” I muttered to him and glared at the phone. My sister took in a breath, and I took the moment before she could start up again. “Zabria!” I yelled. “Would! You! Please! Shut! The! Fuck! Up!” She did shut up, and I almost laughed at Tristan’s extreme look of relief. “Now,” I said slowly and pressed the phone back to my ear. “What is this all about?”

JAILYN

“Well,” I said and pushed myself to my feet. “That was very entertaining.” Brianna blinked and just stared at me.
“I didn’t understand a word,” she spluttered and straightened to her full height. I smirked and ruffled her hair as Tristan and Hannah returned to the room. The latter looked flustered as she walked back out and entered the bathroom. At the sound of the sink turning on, the witch, who was sitting on the bed, jumped to her feet, almost falling over onto her face. No one bothered to catch her as she threw herself back onto the bed with an annoyed grunt. Hannah reappeared a couple of minutes later, her face cleaned of blood.
“Did she talk?” she asked and stood awkwardly in the doorway.
“No,” Brianna said with a groan. “We got distracted by your sister cussing you out.”
“I’m right here!” the witch snapped and glared at us.
“We’ve noticed,” Brianna said dryly. “Why don’t you be useful and give us the answer.”
“The necromancers want as many witches we can get.”
“For?”
“No idea.” I stared at her.
“You’re joking,” my childe said and glared at the witch. “You’re fucking joking.”
“You… I… You… You…” Hannah spluttered. “You… I… I don’t even have a word that fits the description of how just fucking stupid you are. Like! Really?”
“I do not question my superiors,” the witch hissed. Hannah closed her eyes, and without another word, she turned and disappeared down the hall. Brianna let out a weary sigh and flashed from the room. Tristan and I glanced at each other, and I was curious enough to follow them, but I didn’t. She returned a few minutes later with Riana and Hannah right behind her.
“Do we have a stubborn witch on our hands?” Riana asked and walked over to us. I arched an eyebrow in question, and she scowled, rolling her eyes as she reached out a hand toward the witch, who jerked back with a hiss. “So, it’s going to be like that, is it?” I’m here, Evelyn said into my mind, and judging from the expression on Brianna’s face, everyone but the soon-to-be-dead witch had heard.
“Don’t touch me,” the soon-to-be dead witch snapped. Evelyn appeared in the doorway and arched an eyebrow in question. Riana shrugged and eyed the witch’s duct-taped hands. Evelyn followed her gaze and smiled.
“Give it up,” Brianna said dryly. “It can’t be that bad.”
“Bri!” Hannah exclaimed.
“What?”
“You’re going to jinx it.”
The fledgling blinked. “Woops. Sorry.” Hannah sighed and walked over to the window. She parted the curtains and looked out into the night. How many? Evelyn asked into my mind. I glanced at her and shrugged. More than I can count, I silently replied back to her. She nodded and went to stand at Hannah’s side.
“What coven do you belong to?” Riana asked as blue sparks danced across her fingertips.
“How is that relevant?” the unnamed witch spat, her eyes flashing.
“Oh, trust me, it’s relevant.” She snapped her fingers and nodded to her. “So, spill. Or I call on someone who won’t be in a questioning mood.”
“I’m not in a questioning mood,” I said and crossed my arms.
“Yeah, but you always get all the fun.”
I frowned. “I do not.” Brianna let out a loud cough that sounded suspiciously like, “bullshit.” I glared at her and sighed inwardly as she smiled and held up her hands.
“Same goes for Evelyn and Tristan.”
“I object,” Evelyn said and bared her fangs. She opened her mouth to say more but paused as Tristan winced. “Brother?” Blood trickled from his ears and nose as he fought mentally with someone. He sucked in a deep breath and went rigid. Guess he forgot the entire room was drenched in the sweet scent of witch blood, I silently muttered to myself and walked over to him. Claws shot from his fingertips, and a low growl escaped his throat. He instinctively took in another deep breath as Brianna ran to Hannah and all but dragged her from the room, pulling the door shut behind them. The air became supercharge, and the fact that the unnamed witch’s fear mingled with the scent of blood, it didn’t help the situation a bit. Evelyn came up behind him and wrapped her arms around him. “Let’s go outside,” she said softly into his ear.
“How—?” the unnamed witch began to say, but I mentally reached out and grabbed her around the throat, cutting off whatever else she was going to say.
“Think carefully about the next word that comes out of your mouth,” I warned. “Because I won’t stop what happens as a result.” Her face slowly turned blue, and I reluctantly released my hold on her. Tristan let out a grunt of pain as more blood dripped from his nose. “Go,” I said to Evelyn. She nodded and vanished, taking him with her. I spun around and face the witch fully. “I’m going to give you one last chance to speak.” I held up a hand before she could open her mouth. “I suggest that you use it… wisely.” Her arms flexed, and she glared at her bound hands.
“We’re told to collect untapped witches, fledglings, and witches that has just awakened their powers.” Brianna and Hannah reappeared in the room, but they remained silent by the closed door.
“Why?”
“For their blood.” Of course it was, I thought and inwardly sighed. It was always the fucking blood.
“And what is the blood going to be used for?”
She shrugged. “I’m not that high up to find out.”
“Hmm, that is too bad.” I walked over to her and gestured for her to hold out her bound hands. Without a word, she did as she was told. I quickly unbound her hands, smiling as she gasped in pain. A good portion of her skin came with it, and she trembled as she fought back tears. I didn’t say anything as I turned and threw the tape into the trash.
“You’re letting me go?” she asked, still gasping in pain as she stared at her ruined hands.
“Yes,” I said and took a couple of steps back. “Yes, I am.” Looking around suspiciously, she struggled up from the bed and tensed her legs to keep from falling. I eyed her neck and scowled when I didn’t find any necklaces. Her ears and wrists were free of jewelries, too. I looked down her body and smirked as I spotted the cheap gold anklet. Before she could try to stop me, I bent and snapped it from her ankle. She let out an enraged shriek and tried to kick me, but I caught her foot and pulled her off balance. She hit the floor with an oomph, and before she could do more than curse me, my eyes met hers. Her expression went blank as the compulsion slammed into her. “You’re going to find out what’s really going on,” I said and mentally reached out. A moment later, Rozalia and Xorik appeared on either side of me. “You’ll report to my friendly neighborhood imps. You’ll tell them everything you know when they appear in front of you. Make sure that you’re alone, and make sure that you will not be overheard by anyone, electronically, physically, mentally, or magically. Apart from my imps, you will keep these findings to yourself. If you’re caught by anyone other than myself or my people, you will remain silent upon questioning. If you somehow break through the compulsion, you will kill yourself by any means necessary. Are my instructions clear?”
“Yes,” the witch replied flatly. I grabbed her wrist and bit into it with a growl. Hot, sweet, sweet blood exploded on my tongue, and I held back another growl as I pulled long and hard. I swallowed the mouthful of blood, and I shuddered as it slid down my throat. After a second mouthful, I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and swiped my tongue over the wound.
“You’ll forget that you ever saw me or my people. I never compelled you, and you have no idea why you have the strong urge to do what I have instructed you to do. Is that clear?”
“Yes,” she repeated, and I handed her back her anklet.
“A couple of minutes after we leave, you may put that back on. Until then, remain silent, do nothing, and look cute.” I uncuffed her and straightened. I walked over to Hannah and my childe as I shoved the handcuffs into my pocket. “Let’s go,” I said and teleported, taking them with me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifteen

BRIANNA

It was the next morning, and I still wanted to kill the witch. Since I didn’t want to be compelled to obey, I told the predatorial side of me to go fuck herself. With a dejected sigh, I entered Ari’s office at Council HQ. Her office smelled like diesel, melted plastic, hot metal, gunpowder, and… well, her. My eyes watered as I walked to the window and pushed it open. I stuck my head out and inhaled the fresh air into my lungs. The office seriously needed several air fresheners or something. A chill skittered down my spine a minute later, but I didn’t bother to pull my head back in. “Sorry,” Ari said, sounding not sorry at all.
“You just like torturing us,” I said dryly and squinted my eyes against the daylight.
“I do not,” she said indignantly.
“Lies.” I snorted and pulled my head back inside. “That is such a lie.” I closed the window and walked to her desk.
“Here.” She held out a stack of papers to me, and I took it with a feeling of dread.
“Do I want to know what’s written on here?”
“Read and sign.”
“That doesn’t sound ominous at all,” I drawled and dropped into her chair. I quickly read them over and blinked at her as I snatched a pen from the cup. “No bleeding on the embellished parchment?”
“What?” Ari asked and glanced down at the papers in my hands.
“You know, the thick, decretive fancy shit with calligraphy writing that rich people hand out in passing? That kind of stuff.”
“Oh,” she said and rolled her eyes. “We don’t do that shit.” I snickered and signed my full name. I braced myself and dropped the pen before I could snap it in two. A second later, the magic hit me like a sledgehammer. My stomach twisted into a painful knot, and I groaned as the contract burst into flames. The pain in my gut suddenly vanished, a sigh of relief escaping me in a whoosh as I shook the ashes from my hands. “Are… you okay?”
I nodded. “I expected it to be more… painful, like writhing on the ground painful.”
Ari smirked. “It would have been, if you had signed in blood.”
I scowled. “Why didn’t you stop me?”
“Because, you are family, and family gets special privileges.”
“But…?”
“You’ll be watched more closely,” she said casually. “After all, betrayals from family members, close friends and the like, are usually the most painful.” I winced, and she smiled as she reached out, patting me on the head. “I hope you never learn what it’s like to truly be betrayed by someone.” I nodded. “She’s in her office, if you want to see her.” I again nodded and stood.
“Thanks,” I said and followed her out. She gave me a wave as she turned down a hall, and I did the same as I headed in the opposite direction. I stopped in front of Freya’s door and knocked lightly on it. It opened a second later, and I found myself staring at a green-eyed blonde.
“Oh, it’s you,” Hannah said flatly and stepped back for me to enter.
“Nice to see you, too,” I muttered and entered the office, closing the door behind me with a snap.
“Freya is—”
“Here,” Freya finished, cutting her off as she appeared behind her desk.
“Yeah,” Hannah said and shivered. “What she said.” I held back a smile and walked toward the desk. I stopped beside it and looked Freya up and down. She did the same to me, and I willed myself to not shudder under her stare. Why was it creepier when she did it? It was kind of not fair.
“Am I part of the coven, now? Or is there a… moonlight initiation ritual thing?”
“We do not cavort naked in the moonlight,” Freya said, amused. “Though, if you like, I can make it happen.”
I held up my hands and shuddered. “No, no. That won’t be necessary.”
“If you say so.”
I squinted at her. “I do say so.” She smiled and nodded. “But seriously, though. The contract is the only thing, right?”
“Yes.”
“Hannah, are you in the coven?” I asked and turned to her.
“Mmhmm,” the human, er, I guessed she would be considered a witch, now, said as she flipped through a book. I nodded and turned back to Freya.
“So, the Blood Moon and the Nightshade, partnership official?”
“It is,” Freya said and handed me a clear plastic, three-by-five sleeve that contained what looked like an ID card. “Keep it in your wallet, or wherever you happen to keep any important credential things.” I nodded and slipped it into my pocket. “Do not lose it.”
“I won’t,” I said and eyed the door as I felt Tristan approaching. I walked over to it and opened it before he could. He arched an eyebrow and stepped aside for me to pass him. Remembering not to run and to keep my heart at a calm, steady beat, I exited Freya’s office and strode down the hall. The entire time, I felt his eyes boring into the back of my neck. I punched the elevator call button and quickly got on before he could change his mind.
Outside, I closed my eyes and looked up at the sky, inhaling the fresh air into my lungs. After a long moment, I opened my eyes and walked into the trees. Watchers and hunters patrolled the area, and even though I couldn’t see them, there were probably spies around, doing the same thing. I walked down a dirt path and let out a yelp as I ran into an invisible barrier at the end of it. The invisible force knocked me onto my ass, and I blinked at nothing as I fought down the burning pain that shot through my head and down my spine. I was sucking down air when I felt it go from calm to supercharged. “Well,” Jailyn said and dropped onto her ass on the ground beside me. “At least I don’t see any open wounds on you.”
“They’re internal,” I said and rubbed my head as I turned to her.
“Today’s your lucky day,” my sire said casually. “If it had been any other day, your exploded brain would be several feet from your lifeless corpse.”
I blinked at her. “Seriously?”
“I’m deadly serious,” she said as a chill came over me. She’s right, you know. A cool, female voice said into my mind. I gasped, and before another word could escape me, white-hot pain exploded in my head.

JAILYN

A snarl tore from me as I felt the full backlash of Brianna’s pain. I pulled her into my arms and jumped to my feet. Stars danced in my vision as I teleported. I fell onto the bed, cursing at the sudden increase of pain. The white walls of the infirmary spun as I sat up. I stood and resituated Brianna on the bed. “What happened?” Casiar asked from beside me.
“I’m not sure, but I think we’re going to find out,” I said as Tristan, Freya, and Sarisa appeared in the room. Brianna looked like she was having an internal struggle with something or someone as blood poured from her eyes, ears, and nose. I took in a deep breath and blocked out the pain. Here goes nothing, I silently muttered and gently slipped into her head. A wall of blue flames met me, and I jerked back with a hiss before it could fry my brain.
“Roxana,” Freya said, and a chill actually came over me. It wasn’t because of the mention of the devil’s name, either, it was how it came out of her; cold, flat, devoid of… something. Brianna sucked in a sharp breath, and she cursed up a storm as fury all but drowned out the pain. She was so pissed off that her fangs popped into view, extending to their full length.
“I. Am. Going. To. Fucking. Kill. Her,” my child enunciated with each exhalation of her breath.
“Tell us,” I said and dropped into a chair that was beside the bed. Sarisa reached out and placed a slightly glowing hand on the fledgling’s forehead. After a few seconds, she pulled back and nodded.
“She’s fine,” said Sarisa. “A drop of blood, and she’ll be as good as new.” She paused. “Or she can just wait a minute or two. Either way, she doesn’t need actual healing.”
“Thank the fucking Jesus,” Brianna said dryly and sat up. “My brothers and sisters are coming.”
I eyed her suspiciously. “Did you create a bond with all of them?” She shrugged, and I huffed out a breath. “At least you’re not walking the streets and creating blood bonds left and right with complete strangers,” I muttered under my breath as the door opened. Jane, Lily, Seth, and Leo all walked in, ignoring the fact that Tristan and Freya had gone predatorially still. Casiar had, too, but he was more gathering himself to throwdown with the vampires rather than going for the witches. I was… somewhere in between. I was going to have words with the girls in the very, very near future, and as for the boys, it was time that they and I officially interacted with one another. Before they could overwhelm her, Brianna held up her hands. Jane, who was the first to reach her, stopped herself from laying a hand on her sister.
“First, I’m fine,” Brianna said reassuringly. “Second, vampires?” She gestured to Tristan and Freya, who were standing at the far side of the room.
“Oh,” Jane said and blinked. “Right.”
Lily scowled and crossed her arms. “Don’t care if something is going to rip out my throat or put a bullet in my head; I felt the pain, and nothing but making you feel better, matters.” Awww, I thought and held back a grin. “So,” she continued. “Jailyn won’t let anything happen to us, and if she does, I’m going to create a rune that will…” She frowned. “Cause her to have a brain hemorrhage, or something.”
“You would not!” I exclaimed, aghast at the thought. I jabbed an elbow into Casiar’s side and glared at him.
“What?” he asked defensively. “I didn’t do anything.”
“He was smirking,” Jane said helpfully.
“Traitor,” he growled at her. The young witch gave him an innocent look and patted Brianna on the head. “Hmm, you’re bleeding.” She pulled back her hand and eyed the blood that coated her fingers.
“I was,” said Brianna. “But I’m no longer bleeding.” She wiped blood from her nose and sniffed.
“All right,” Sarisa said and nodded to the door that led into the bathroom. “Go wash up. Everyone else, out.” She paused. “Well, everyone other than her sires and siblings.” Tristan growled and glared at her, even as he put a hand on Freya’s shoulder and led her from the room.
“Thanks,” Brianna said and slipped off the bed.
Sarisa smiled. “Anytime. Though…” She eyed Casiar suspiciously.
“Don’t worry,” I said. “If he gets out of hand, I’ll kick his ass to Mars and back.” Casiar let out a long, suffering sigh and glared into the side of my head. I reached out and patted him on the ass. Sarisa chuckled, shaking her head as she pulled the bloodied sheet from the mattress. Chuckling, I gave him a quick embrace, before following Brianna into the bathroom, Jane and Lily a couple of steps behind me.
She had her back to the shower glass doors as we entered, running her fingers through her long blonde hair. “What did she say?” I asked softly.
“Well,” she said slowly and turned to face us. Jane and Lily kept their eyes on hers, and I held back a smirk. “The witches are up to something.” I groaned and thought about putting a hole in the bathroom wall, with my head. Of course, it involved the witches. Of course it did. “And the necromancers.” Why me? I silently thought with a miserable sigh. Why? Why?
“If vampires come out of your mouth next, I’m going to stab someone’s eye out.”
“I think the others will join later.”
“Lovely,” I said with a sigh. “Just lovely. Do they hate the world? Or just those who are in power?”
“I think it’s the latter,” Seth said from the doorway. I turned to him and inclined my head. Leo stood just behind his twin, looking a little… nervous.
“Uh huh,” said Lily. “It’s always people in government. Blame the government for everything.”
“Well, they do have a point,” Jane interjected. “But that’s human government. They suck.” Brianna, who was cleaning herself up during the entire thing, snorted. She grabbed the towel that Jane held out to her and wrapped herself in it before stepping from the shower.
“I think they’re going to summon her,” my child said and pulled open a door that was beside the shower. She quickly rifled through folded clothes and pulled out a pair of black sweatpants and a dark red shirt. She dressed in a blur, and I almost laughed at the glazed look in her siblings’ eyes as they tried to follow her movements.
“Is she okay?” Skyler asked breathlessly, and I just stared at her, unblinking.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” said Brianna. “But, what’s wrong with you?” I discreetly sniffed the air, and then chuckled.
“It’s not because of what you think,” I said to them and gave Skyler a smirk. Ari’s childe threw up her hands, spluttering indignantly. Her clothes were torn, she had blood on her skin, and she was sweating.
“I… I… I fucking hate you all,” Skyler hissed and stomped to the door that led out into the hall, before stomping back with an annoyed growl.
“Maybe,” Casiar drawled. “You should shower before coming here.” God, it was hard holding back the laugh that wanted out.
“Don’t you start,” she warned and pointed a finger at him. “Ugh, you guys and your dirty, dirty minds.” Brianna snickered, which got her siblings started. Pretty soon, they were all laughing, including Skyler. Casiar and I waited them out, but inside, I was laughing along with them. Given the way that our lives were going, we could all use a little bit of humor. “Fuck you,” Skyler said and glared at them. “Fuck you all.” She yanked the towel from Brianna’s head and began beating her with it. “Out. All of you out.”
“Hey!” my child exclaimed, even as she shooed her siblings from the bathroom. “Get your own god damn towel.”
“Out! Out-out-out!” I reached out, smiling as I led Brianna from the bathroom. Muttering under her breath, Skyler slammed the door behind us. Sarisa, who had vanished long before Ari’s childe came in, suddenly appeared in the room. She glanced around and frowned.
“What did I miss?” the huntress asked slowly.
“Nothing,” Casiar said and chuckled.
“Right,” she drawled. “Jane looks like she’s about to pee her pants.” A snicker escaped the young girl as she opened the hall door. We stepped out to find Tristan, Freya, Ari with Nova in her arms, and Sven. They looked amused, and I scowled at Sven as I dropped my hand from Brianna.
“All right,” I said and nodded to the elevator at the end of the hall. “Clear the floor.” Still giggling, chuckling, or snickering, the children quickly did as they were told. “Sven, was that necessary?” I asked and walked toward them.
The leader of the hunters held up his hands and shrugged. “It was her idea, not mine.”
“And you couldn’t say no?” Ari’s hand shot out, and he barely caught her wrist as he leaned back to avoid her blow. “You’re setting a bad example for your daughter,” he said and squinted at the mentioned baby. Nova watched us, her emerald green eyes intent. Sven released Ari and quickly took several steps back. She turned to Tristan and held Nova out to him.
“Hold her for a minute,” Ari said sweetly. “I need to have a word with your wayward child.” I think we should go, I said into Casiar’s mind. She’s about to have a meltdown. I agree, he silently replied and chuckled. His arms came around me, and I leaned into him as everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Sixteen

ARI

I stood on the rooftop of my residential home and stared up at the moon. Night had fallen a couple of hours ago, and I was itching to stick something sharp into someone’s brain. No wait, that was too quick of a death for my liking. I scowled and jumped to the ground in a silent crouch. I glanced into the window that looked into the living room, before mentally pushing it open and flying inside. I willed it to shut and locked itself as I strode to one of the couches and flopped down onto it. Beside me, in her cradle, Nova cooed happily. “What are you so happy about?” I grumbled under my breath. In response, I got a happier sounding coo. I reached out and tickled her stomach, one of her hands batting at my own as she kicked at the air. I heard the front door slamming open and shut. I winced as an irritated Kira appeared in the archway. “Did you break the door?” I asked as she came over and flopped down on my other side.
“No,” she said and scowled. “If I did, you’d make me pay for the repair.”
I smirked. “You damn right I would,” I said, tracing circles on my daughter’s stomach. “You break it, you pay for it.” She harrumphed and leaned over me as she reached out a finger toward Nova. “How was your day?” I asked and smiled as Nova clutched at her finger like it was a lifeline.
“It was okay, actually,” she said and bared her teeth at Nova. “Well, it was okay until I got word that Brianna was injured.”
I nodded and scowled. “Yeah, that would be a mood killer for sure.”
“Unless you’re heartless.”
“Hmm,” I said and frowned as I sensed Freya somewhere in the house. Nova had, too, and she let out a happy wailing sound. Well, if a wail could ever be described as happy. Kira managed to free her finger and smiled. I sat up straighter and eyed the archway. Freya appeared a couple of minutes later and arched an eyebrow in question as she came in.
“Tristan is outside,” the witch said and smiled. “With Skyler.”
“Why do I smell smoke?” I asked and got to my feet.
She chuckled. “She is working on manipulating fire.” I let out a yelp and teleported to the backyard. I quickly dodged the orange-yellow fireball that came my way and glared at Skyler as another ball appeared in her hand. With a smirk, she closed her hand around it, snuffing it out.
“I see that you’re in a better mood,” I said dryly.
“I got to beat up some rogues. Who wouldn’t be in a good mood after that?” Skyler asked and glanced down at her bloody clothes.
“It was only one,” Tristan growled as he stepped from the shadows.
“Well, you killed the other one,” she said and pouted up at him.
He grunted. “I was hungry.”
She snorted. “What else is new?”
“This,” he replied, before a huge chunk of ice torpedoed toward her. She let out a shriek and jumped aside, the block of ice smashing into the ground instead of her head.
“Tristan!” I exclaimed and punched him hard in the shoulder. It was meant for his throat, but he moved at the last possible second.
“What?” he asked and took a step away from me. “You can’t improve without practicing.”
“That five-hundred-pound ice would’ve smashed her brains in.”
“Yeah,” Skyler spluttered. “What she said.” He sighed and rolled his eyes.
“Guys!” Kira called from the opened back door. “If you don’t get in here, Freya is going to use me as a chew toy!” A second later, she let out a startled gasp as Tristan appeared in front of her and yanked her into his arms.
“What were you saying?” he growled in her ear.
“Damn it!” she exclaimed as Skyler and I walked to them. I held back a smile and leaned against the wall. Behind Kira, a very hungry, but amused, Freya watched with Nova in her arms. Kira let out a yelp as Tristan sank his fangs into the side of her neck. A low growl came from Freya, and I held back another smile as Skyler snuck out of view. She didn’t… go unnoticed by anyone. Tristan finally pulled back with a snarl and released Kira, who was cursing up a storm and glaring at him. After a minute of rubbing at her neck, she turned to Freya and arched an eyebrow. Before the witch could say a word or do anything, Nova let out an angry cry. The fledgling wisely took the distraction and flashed into the surrounding trees. I chuckled and followed Tristan back inside. I took Nova from Freya and cuddled her close.
“What is it?” I asked. “You didn’t like your father biting Kira?” I bit my tongue to keep from laughing as I felt his glare on me. Nova ignored my question and cried louder. “Okay, okay,” I said and dropped onto the nearest thing to me, which was a table. I stuck a finger into her mouth and pricked it against one of the tiny sharp fangs. I let out a relieved sigh as her cries turned into a gurgle, and then happy baby sounds as her mouth closed around my finger. Freya let out a heavy sigh, before vanishing. I leaned back against the wall and let out a heavy sigh of my own.

KIRA

“You know,” I said casually as I stepped off the sidewalk. “You’re terrible at being stealthy.”
“If you must know, I wasn’t trying to be stealthy,” Skyler replied and reached out a hand. Her cool fingers closed around my wrist and pulled me to a stop. I didn’t have to ask why, because three rogues stepped from the shadows and headed toward us. Oh, yay, I thought unenthusiastically and scowled.
“Well, look what we have here,” the one in the lead drawled. “Two fledglings.”
“Two fledglings who will kick your fucking pale ugly ass to the motherfucking sun and back if you don’t fucking get a move on!” I snapped.
“She’s not joking, either,” Skyler said and smirked as she took several steps away from me. One of them snorted and took a step forward. “I wouldn’t,” she sang as we felt eyes on us. I knew that the rogues had as well, but they either were ignoring it, or too stupid to recognize the feeling for what it was.
“What are you going to do about it?” the one in the back of the trio asked and flashed over to me, baring his fangs. I rolled my eyes at him and casually shoved him onto his ass.
“Please,” I said and bared my own fangs at him. “I’m sorry to say this, but my infant sister is scarier than all of you combined.” He jumped to his feet, and before I could move, I felt a burning pain in my stomach as he plunged a dagger into me. I grabbed his wrist, and I grunted as we fought for the weapon. When the two remaining rogues went for Skyler, I abandoned the attempt and hooked a leg around his. I pulled and drove my fist into his face, jumping back as he fell with a snarl. He took the dagger with him, and I gritted my teeth against the pain as I intercepted one of the rogues lunging for Skyler. I pulled out a blade from a sheath strapped to my thigh and drove it into his right shoulder.
“Bitch!” he snarled as I took him to the ground.
“Right back at you,” I growled and began punching him. God damn, it felt amazing. I snapped his arms and drove a knee into his groin as he tried to buck me off him. Whoever was watching us took care of the third rogue, and I didn’t bother to check who it was as the rogue finally sent me airborne. I flipped in midair and headbutted my rogue as he wrapped his arms around me. He had removed my blade at some point, and it had healed enough for him to use the injured arm. I quickly moved out of his grabbing range as he reared back with a snarl, hissing as more blood poured from his face.
“So,” Jordana said slowly from my right. “Are you going to kill him anytime soon?” We looked at her, and she grinned as she tossed a severed head into the air and caught it with ease.
“Who the fuck are you?” my rogue growled and took a few steps away from us as Skyler tore out the heart of her own rogue. I scowled at them and flashed to him. I wrapped my hands around his neck from behind and slowly squeezed. Jordana eyed him and tucked the head under an arm. She closed in on us and smiled.
“Well,” she said happily and grabbed his wrists before he could pummel me. “If you must know, I’m your friend.” I eyed her suspiciously as she shot me an annoyed look. “I’m going to rescue you from this evil bitch holding you captive by the throat.”
“Fuck you! Bitch!” I exclaimed, spluttering as I glared at her.
“I promise that you’ll be safe with me,” she continued, ignoring me. Skyler came over to us, snickering as she held her stomach. Jordana released her hold on the rogue and took a step back. “Kira, if you could be, oh so kind as to let him go?” She grinned. “Pretty, pretty please?” Skyler sounded like she was choking as I reluctantly let go of my rogue. I didn’t want to go up against Jordana if I didn’t have to. She may be three-hundred and twenty-five years old, but she might as well be seven, eight hundred for those who didn’t know her. Given that she was sired by Sven, who was sired by Tristan, she was stronger and faster than the average, and due to her past—to this day, I still had no idea what had happen to her—she was even more dangerous. “Thank you,” Jordana said and bounced a little on her feet. I harrumphed, and then blinked, because one second the rogue was standing, and the next, he was unconscious on the ground. “Now, where were we?” she asked and glanced around. “Oh, right.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out a vial full of purple liquid. She flicked the cap off with a finger and nodded to us. “Hold hands, cuddle, whatever. Just make sure that you’re touching.” Skyler and I glanced at each other. “Well, I could tell you to lip lock, if you like. That will work, too.”
“Um, I love you and all, Skyler,” I said. “But not like that. Sorry.”
Skyler snorted and grabbed my hand. “We’re on the same page, then.”
“Humph,” Jordana said and kicked the rogue onto his stomach. She pressed a foot into his spine and held out a hand to us. I took it, and she downed the vial with one quick gulp. The moment she did, everything went dark.
We appeared in the middle of the living room. I looked around and walked over to one of the dark blue couches and stood before it. “Oh,” Skyler said appreciatively. “You finally got your own place?” she asked Jordana as I looked around at the décor of black, dark reds, and blues.
“Mmhmm,” Jordana replied distractedly, and I winced as I heard the cracking of bones. The rogue groaned in agony, and I shuddered as she gave us a creepy smile. Jordana removed her foot from him and walked into the kitchen. “If he tries to leave, stab him,,” she said and chuckled under her breath. “But don’t kill him.”
“Can we stay?”
“Uh huh, sure. Want anything to drink? I don’t have food. Well, not really.”
“What do you have?” I asked.
“Capri Sun, orange juice, water.”
“Capri.”
“Sky?”
“Same.” A couple of minutes later, she came out with a tray in her hands. On it were the drinks, a couple bags of blood, and a plate of mini cookies. She set the tray on the small round table beside the couch and moved it until it was in front of me. We watched as she went behind the couch and grabbed something. That something was a sheet of plastic, which she threw over the furniture. I just stared at her.
“What?” she asked and scowled as she pushed me onto it. “I don’t want blood on it.”
“I expected you to have a house full of horrors,” I said and grabbed one of the cookies.
“Don’t worry, that’s in the basement.”
“Oh.” I popped the cookie into my mouth and slowly chewed. Skyler shook her head, looking amused as she dropped down beside me. Muttering something under her breath, Jordana grabbed one of the blood bags and walked to the rogue. She kicked him onto his back and dropped the blood on his chest.
“Drink up. You’ll need it.” He grabbed it and stared at the plastic thing like he hadn’t seen it before. “I know, I know,” Jordana said, exasperated. “It’s amazing, isn’t it? It comes in pouches, too.”
“You drink this stuff?” he asked, disgusted by the thought.
“No,” she said flatly. “I eat bunnies for breakfast, puppies for lunch and Bambi for dinner.” She crossed her arms and tapped her foot impatiently. “Now, be a good little boy and eat your cereal before I get angry.” I shivered as I stabbed the straw into my juice. “You don’t want me angry.”
“You really, really don’t,” I warned and stuck the thin ass straw in my mouth.
Skyler nodded. “But by all means, ignore the warning.” She smirked and leaned back on the couch, folding her hands atop her stomach. “We do need some entertainment.”
“Oh, none of that,” Jordana said and frowned at us. The rogue bared his fangs at us and threw the bag of blood at the wall. She blinked and stared at the red liquid as it dripped to the floor. “You. Did. Not,” she said, so softly that I barely heard her.
“How fucking childish are you?” I snarled and contemplated throwing my drink at him.
“Wow…” Skyler said slowly. “Just… wow.” I eyed Jordana, stiffening as her breathing quickened.
“Dana?” I said and quickly finished off my drink. I tossed it onto the table and got to my feet. Skyler followed me as I went over to her. “Dana?” I repeated and put a hand on her arm. “Why did you want him alive?” She opened her mouth, closed it, opened it, but no words came out. “Did you want him for yourself?” She took in a deep breath, holding it as she shook her head.
“I told her to keep one alive,” Evelyn said coolly from behind me. My stomach dropped, and I barely held back a shudder. I slowly turned, the uncomfortable tingle in my stomach increasing as I saw her with Freya standing beside her. Zaida was also there, but she was busy staring at the blood that was still dripping to the floor, creating a small puddle.

ZAIDA

Out the corner of my eye, the rogue made a lunge for the window. I flashed into his path and grunted as he slammed into me, knocking me to the floor. “Going somewhere?” I asked and wrapped my arms and legs around him. I reversed our position and glared down at him. “The party’s just getting started.”
“Let him up,” Freya said conversationally, and I shuddered at the feel of magic against my skin. I nodded and reluctantly got off him. I wanted to bash his head into the floor a few times, but we needed answers.
“Who are you people?” the rogue growled and wiped dried blood from his face as he sat up.
“I’m Zaida,” I said and held out my hand. “You are?” He stared at it for a long time, until Jordana kicked him across the living room.
“He got blood on my wall!” she screeched and kicked him to the other side of the living room. I frowned and looked down at the floor. Moving into a crouch, I ran my fingers back and forth along the smooth surface. Huh, I thought and shrugged as I straightened. The snarling rogue was flying through the air again as Jordana kicked him for the third time. She landed on top of him and began punching. “You!” Punch. “Fucking!” Punch. “Son of a!” Punch. “Bitch!” Punch-punch-punch. When she was done, he was out cold and very bloody. She pulled out a dagger, but before she could plunge it into somewhere vulnerable on his body, Evelyn had her wrist in a firm grip.
“Enough,” she said gently and waited until Jordana nodded, before releasing her. The young vampire took in a deep breath and jumped to her feet. “Now, then. Where were we?” I took in a deep breath, and then coughed as my throat began to itch.
“Fucker,” I hissed and thought about kicking the rogue myself. Shaking my head, I walked into the kitchen and rated Jordana’s refrigerator. I grabbed a bottle of water and downed it. I almost spewed my last mouthful of water as the nameless rogue let out a bloodcurdling scream. I crushed the bottle in my hand and tossed it into the sink. “A warning!” I yelled. “What if I die from choking?” I let the refrigerator shut and returned to the living room. “Oh…” I said and blinked at the deflated body of the rogue. “Oh…” I repeated. “Wow…” I looked around and took several steps away from Freya, who looked like she was about to cast the same spell on the next person that pissed her off. At least the spell was shocking enough to silence Jordana.
“Nooooo,” Jordana complained, and it looked like she was about to cry. “No-no-nooooo.” I was somewhere in between wanting to comfort her and laughing. Freya cleared her throat and shook herself, before walking over to Jordana and putting a hand on her shoulder.
“Forgive me,” she said gently to her. “I will make it up to you.” Jordana pouted, and for a long moment, no one moved.
“Fine,” the insane vampire said with a sigh. “Can I hit you? It will make me feel a little better.”
Freya smiled and dropped her hand. “If you insist.” Too fast even for me to track, Jordana moved. One second she was just standing there, and the next, she was elbow deep in Freya’s stomach. Skyler, Kira, and I winced in sympathy as Freya groaned in pain. Jordana withdrew her hand, and we winced as she began punching her. Since Tristan and Rory didn’t appear to save her, I figured she was having a mental shouting match with the two. After a moment, Jordana stopped herself, panting as she stumbled backward. “Ow,” Freya said mildly, and I stared at her as she pulled off her ruined shirt. Skyler and Kira, who weren’t used to people just casually stripping, scowled and looked away. I figured you as a voyeur, I silently said into Kira’s mind. The fledgling gasped and lunged for me. Before she could pummel me or I could dodge out of the way, Rory appeared between us and caught her.
“Children,” he drawled and tightened his hold around Kira, who was struggling furiously to free herself.
“Bitch!” Kira yelled. “You fucking bitch!”
“What?” I asked innocently. “It was just an observation.”
“Rory,” she snarled. “Let me go, so I can beat her to death.”
“Sorry, kiddo, I can’t do that,” Rory said calmly and held her tighter. I smiled as she silently fumed.
“All right,” Evelyn said and held up a hand. “That is enough, all of you. We have more important things to do.” Kira, growling under her breath, stopped struggling and Straightened as much as she could in Rory’s tight embrace. “Witch hunt?” At that, Jordana let out an excited squeal, seemingly to forget we were here as she jumped up and down. The older vampires smiled, Freya shaking her head as she ran a hand over her healed stomach. “Zaida, could you pay the protectors a visit?” I nodded. “The rest of you, try not to die.” With that, she vanished, taking Skyler and Kira with her.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seventeen

DONNICA

Wind whipped through my hair as I ran. The witch, who I was chasing all over the place, glanced over his shoulder nervously and amped up his speed. “What part of I just want to talk do you not understand?” I yelled at him. “This is pointless!”
“Fucking vampire,” he gasped and continued to run away from me.
“Fucking witch!” I shot back. “You can’t hold that spell forever, you know!”
“I can, and I will.”
“Stupid! Witch!” I pulled out a blade and threw it at him. It struck him in the spine, and I smiled as he dropped with a scream. “Finally,” I said as I stopped before him. “By the way, nice coat. Can I have it?” It was a light blue poufy thing. Too bad it didn’t protect him from my knives.
“Bitch,” he gasped through clenched teeth.
“Yes, yes,” I said with a sigh. “I’m a bitch. What’s new?” He screamed as I yanked the blade free and sheathed it. “One question for you. Listen up.” Panting, he glared at me. I patted his cheek and smirked. “Is your coven working with a necromancer?” Magic tingled against my skin, and I resisted the urge to rub my arms. “If you’re planning to fireball me, I recommend that you don’t.” He continued to glare at me, hissing as his wound slowly closed. I thought about stopping him from healing himself, but decided against it. “Well?” I drawled. “Time’s a-wastin’.”
“I’m not telling you shit,” he snapped and pushed himself to his feet.
I sighed. “Fine, have it your way.” Before I could knock him out or kill him outright, Jailyn appeared and snapped something around his neck. The witch dropped back to the ground, gasping as he tugged at the plastic strip of band.
“What the fuck?”
“Time for a little chat, you and I,” Jailyn said sweetly, and a second later, everything went dark. We appeared in an empty room, and I blinked at the four white walls. At the moment, there was nothing in the room, and the only thing that stood out was the feel of strong magic in the air. Jailyn removed the band from around the witch’s neck and let out a heavy sigh.
“Where are we?” I asked and glanced at the closed door.
“One of Freya’s many holding cells.”
“That’s… uh, not ominous sounding at all,” I muttered.
Jailyn smirked. “You have nothing to worry about,” she said, and I winced as a thick tendril of shadow came out of nowhere and lifted the witch off his feet. It slammed him into the far wall, holding him there as he struggled and spewed every threat that he could think of at us.
“Were you watching me this entire time?”
She chuckled and walked over to the witch. “I can’t say that I didn’t enjoy it. Always good to have a run once in a while.”
“Humph,” I said and leaned against the wall that was behind me.
“Oh, stop your bitching,” Jailyn said with a huff to the witch and rolled her eyes. He continued to struggle and curse, glaring at us as if he could light us on fire with his eyes. The necromancer let out a heavy sigh and closed her eyes, before pressing her fingers into them and rubbing. “We’re not going to get anywhere, are we?”
“Nope,” I said and winced as another tendril of shadow stabbed the witch in the gut. He screamed as sweet blood scented the air. I think I drooled a little as I watched the shadow pulse with blood. “That is just creepy.”
“Hmm,” Jailyn said distractedly as the shadow swelled and grew.
“Okay, that is really creepy.” The witch finally fell silent, his mouth wide open as he stared at the writhing shadow in front of him. A minute later, it was the shape of a humanoid.
“Last chance,” Jailyn said and dropped her hands from her eyes.
“Headache abated?” I drawled.
She smirked. “Somewhat,” she said and tapped a finger against her thigh. When the witch didn’t answer, she growled and smacked him. “Snap the fuck out of it,” she said sharply. The witch blinked, and then began to struggle… again. “To the fucking devil with you,” she snarled, before the shadow engulfed him. I opened my mouth to repeat my early statement, only to have a cool hand shutting me up.
“We heard you the first time,” Freya said slowly, amused as she withdrew her hand.
“I, uh, I was just making sure,” I said and cleared my throat.
“Show me,” Jailyn said, and I blinked at the very dead witch.
“I… don’t want to know, do I?” Freya smiled as she walked over to him. I watched as the remaining blood flowed from the dead witch and into her.
“No, you do not,” the vampire/witch replied and shuddered.
“Well,” Jailyn said a minute later. “I got nothing from him. At least, nothing useful.” We nodded, and I grimaced as she opened her mouth and inhaled the shadow into her. “Ah,” she said with a contented sigh. “Delicious.” I scowled. “What?” she asked and glanced over at me.
“Nothing, nothing,” I said and eyed Freya nervously. She was staring at me, way too intently for my liking. Jailyn narrowed her eyes at me, and I held up my hands as I straightened. “So,” I continued, drawing out the word. “What now?” Without any warning, Freya’s hand shot out and grabbed my wrist, bringing it to her mouth before I knew what was happening. I sidestepped and tried to yank my arm away. I got nowhere and groaned as she pressed her cool lips against the hammering pulse. Jailyn watched us, amused. “You’re just going to stand there?” I spluttered as Freya parted her mouth and inhaled deeply.
“She’s not doing anything,” the necromancer said and smirked. I yelped as I felt her hot tongue slowly licking at my wrist, as if she couldn’t decide if she wanted to bite me or not. Her eyes seemed to glaze over, and I held my breath as she continued to lick and sniff me. I almost shed a relieved tear when she released me a long minute later. Her eyes met mine, and I prayed that she wasn’t going to compel me.
“Donnica,” Freya said slowly, and I blinked at her. “Who is your sire?” she asked, just as slowly.
“Uh,” I said and blinked stupidly at her. “I, uh, I actually have no idea.”
“Well,” Jailyn said and looked a little too interested. “That is… interesting.”
“Interesting, indeed,” Freya replied thoughtfully. “You certainly keep out of trouble.”
“I try to,” I said and looked between the two. “Why?” I asked suspiciously.
“Come with me,” Freya said, and before I could protest, magic rose up around me, and everything went dark.
“Oh, no,” I said and took several steps away from Tristan. He looked up from whatever he was reading and arched an eyebrow.
“Freya,” he said and glanced at us. “What is it?”
“Sniff her,” Freya said and shoved me at him. I let out a squeak as I all but fell against him.
He smirked. “I have,” he drawled. “Many, many times.” His arms came around me before I could push myself off him. “What is this all about?” he asked, and I shivered as he nuzzled my neck. “Oh,” he said a second later, sounding slightly surprised. I drove my fist into his side, and he grunted, tightening his hold around me. “That is interesting.”
“I hate one-sided conversation,” I said and continued to punch him.
“Stop,” he said mildly and captured both of my wrists with one ice-cold hand. Another shiver ran through me as he inhaled deeply and growled. His creepy ass aura flaring up around me didn’t help any, either.
“You should do it,” Freya said, this time, it was out loud. “We need as many as we can get.”
“Do what?” I asked. “As many as we can get for what?” Tristan sighed against my neck, and it sent another shiver through me. Freya drew closer to us, and I was going to die via creepy crawly energy alone if this kept up. I heard the clacking of keys and the clicking of a mouse as she looked something up on the computer. Tristan pulled back slightly, and I was able to turn in his arms.
“Is this really necessary?” Freya paused, and then nodded.
“Guys,” I said, exasperated. “Can you clue in the only stupid girl in the office?” Tristan turned me back around to face him, and I scowled. “If you’re going to—” He pressed a finger to my mouth and stared deeply into my eyes.
“From the beginning,” he growled. “You realized that you didn’t have the full potential of your abilities, correct?” I pulled his hand away and frowned.
“Yes,” I replied slowly.
“Did you ever wonder why?”
“Not really?”
“Mmm,” he said and scowled at me. Why is that, I wonder, he growled into my mind. I shrugged.
“I cannot find her sire,” Freya said, and I glanced over at her, in time to see her scowling at me.
“Of course,” Tristan said with a sigh. His fingers gently gripped my chin and turned my head, until I was looking at him. “Tell me,” he growled softly. “Would you like to have the full potential of your abilities?”
“Um… uh…” I said and blinked slowly at him. “Yes?” He gave me an evil smirk, and before I could make a break for it, Tristan tightened his hold on me and stood. He dropped me to the floor of his office, and his hand was on my chest a split second later, preventing me from getting up.
“Normally,” Tristan drawled, and I grunted as his full weight came down on me. “I don’t unlock abilities without a really, really good reason.”
“Except for that one time?” I asked and tried really hard not to go into panic mode.
“Yes,” he growled into my ear. “I’m taking it back, and… well, try not to die when the process starts.”
“What are you—aaahhh!” I yelled as two sets of fangs sank deep into my neck. I instinctively struggled against him, and my yell turned into a scream as red-hot pain coursed through me. His legs trapped mine more firmly as the idea of kneeing him in the groin entered my mind. I had no idea how long I was screaming bloody murder and struggling, but the next thing I knew, he withdrew his fangs and licked at the wounds. Panting, I tried to shove him off me with no use.
“That was just the beginning, sweetheart,” he said softly in my ear as my neck throbbed in time with my heartbeat.
“Can I change my mind?” I gasped, grunting as I did my best to push him off me.
“Sure,” he growled, and I almost groan in relief as his tongue soothed the burning in my neck. “But I’m not giving you flight again.”
“You’re a fucking bastard!” I yelled and snarled at him.
“I agree,” Ari said as she appeared. Tristan pulled back and growled at her. “Hey, none of that.”
“Ari, please work your magic,” I all but begged.
“What? Dirty talk?”
“I don’t care,” I said. “So long as it works.”
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully. “Tristan, sweetheart,” she purred, and I blushed as I felt something poking me. “How does dirty dancing sound to you?” she asked, her voice dropping and sultry-sounding. I swear my face was on fire as little Tristan became more and more pronounced. “If you—” I suddenly pushed at him, and then groan when all he did was look back at me. “Oh, come on!” Ari exclaimed. “You ruined it. I was practicing for my… phone sex operator interview. It takes talent to pull it off, you know?” Judging by the massive erection still pressing into me, she’d already gotten the job. She sighed and came over to us. Wrapping her arms around Tristan from behind, she nuzzled him. “Wow,” she continued and glanced at me. “I didn’t know your face could get that red.”
“Aaahhhhh!” I yelled and thumped my fist against Tristan’s shoulder.
“In all seriousness, though,” she said and narrowed her eyes. “Why not make it painless? Freya can cast a… I don’t know, a numbing spell or something.”
“No magic may interfere,” Freya said, and I let out a startled yelp, because I had totally forgot that she was there.
Ari snickered. “Freya, you looked really hot and bothered.”
“I had not the slightest idea of what you are talking about.” She continued to snicker, even as she went back to nuzzling Tristan.
“Well, Donnica,” she said and eyed me. “You still want to change your mind? All or nothing.”
I sighed. “What do I do?” When I got nothing but silence, Ari ran her fingers through Tristan’s hair and tapped his shoulder. He blinked and released me, sitting up and half turning to her. My lower body was still trapped under him, but it was better than being fully restrained. Ari said something to him and gave him a peck on the cheek. His hand went to the back of her neck, pulling her in for a deep, very long, very hot, very passionate, and very brutal kiss. All I could smell was their arousal thickening the air. Well, theirs and Freya. I suddenly wished that there was a bucket of ice-cold water nearby, because throwing it at them would have been really, really satisfying. Ari finally broke the kiss, her mouth swollen and bleeding as she panted. Her fangs were also fully extended, and I blinked at her glowing green eyes.
“Ariella,” Freya said in a matter-of-fact tone.
She blinked. “Huh?” She reluctantly pulled away from Tristan and struggled to her feet. “Right,” she said and scowled. “I’ll… uh, go and jump into the Arctic Ocean or something.”
Freya smiled. “You do that,” she said as Ari teleported away. Tristan growled in annoyance and moved off me. I pushed myself into a sitting position and eyed him nervously. I looked at his erection and smirked. Yep, it was still there. He rolled his eyes, and with a heavy sigh, he pulled me to him.
“Bite me,” he growled as I felt Freya coming up behind me. I hesitated for a moment and cringed. Tristan chuckled. “Once started, you can’t stop.”
“I assure you,” Freya said softly. “You will be glad that you went through with it.”
“It’s a one-time thing,” Tristan said as his hand wrapped around the back of my neck. “Take it, or leave it.”
“Okay,” I said and willed my fangs to extend to their full length. “But you’re telling me what is really going on.”
“Done,” Freya said and squished me between herself and Tristan. Oh god, I thought and sank my fangs deep into Tristan’s jugular. His hot blood fizzed its way down my throat, and I stiffened as I heard him sighing into my mind. Incoming, he silently warned and held me tighter against him. A split second later, white-hot pain exploded in my head, before coursing throughout my entire body with a vengeance like nothing I’ve ever felt in my life. That was saying something, because I’ve endured pain many times before. This just shot straight to the top of my never-again list. I screamed. Whether it was out loud or inside my head, I had no idea. After what felt like an eternity to me, everything blissfully went dark as I finally passed out.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eighteen

ARI

“Hey!” I yelled at the top of my lungs. “You! The dude with pink hair! Get your fucking ass over here! Now! Before I go psycho on your ass!” I launched myself into the air and straight at the damn witch who was ignoring me.
“Fuck!” he yelled as I tackled him. “Why the fuck are you guys snatching us up?”
“You tell me,” I said and snapped a silvery-blue cuff around one of his wrists. He groaned as his magic drained from him.
“What the hell did you do?”
“Nothing that will kill you,” I reassured him and got to my feet. “What’s with the hair?” I asked and hauled him up.
He sighed and scowled at the ground. “It was a dare,” he mumbled. “I lost.” I chuckled and tightened my grip on his arm. He winced.
“You going to be cool with me?”
“Yeah, yeah.” He squinted up at me. “I’m with Breelyn, so I got nothing to hide.”
I blinked. “Well, why didn’t you say anything sooner?”
“I wasn’t sure who you were.”
“What gave me away?”
“Your eyes.”
“Come again?”
“They’re glowing green.” Well, fuck me, I thought and glared up at the night sky. I released him and removed the cuff from around his wrist.
“Where you headed?”
“The deli over there,” he said and pointed in the general direction of his destination.
I nodded and pocketed the magic neutralizing cuff. “Sorry about that.”
“It’s no problem, mam.”
I cringed. “Please, call me Ari.” He nodded and began walking. I followed him and frowned. “You haven’t heard anything… unusual by any chance, have you?”
“Uh…” He thought about it for a moment, and then shrugged. “Not sure what would be considered as unusual…”
“Necromancers leading covens?”
“Oh, not really. I haven’t been paying attention.” I nodded and stopped him before the door leading into the deli. I withdrew an ordinary-looking business card and held it out to him. He took it, eyeing me cautiously.
“When you do, give me a call?”
He nodded. “I will.” Smirking, I gave him a wave and walked out of sight of anyone before teleporting away.
“Holy!” I exclaimed with a yelp as I reappeared in Tristan’s office a couple of hours after I had left. “Is she going to explode?” I asked and stared at Donnica, who was unconscious in Tristan’s arms. She was leaking energy like a day-old fledgling.
“She will be fine,” Tristan growled and glanced down at her. “I think.” I went over to them and pressed my hand to her cheek.
“Yes,” said Freya. “She will be.”
“How long has she been out?” I asked and withdrew my hand.
“She passed out a few minutes into the feeding,” Tristan said, and I eyed the tenseness of his neck. He was so tensed up I was surprised he could still speak. The blue veins stood out against the paleness of his skin, and I was a little amazed that he wasn’t attacking the nearest blood source to him. I glanced at Freya and arched an eyebrow in question, wondering if she had anything to do with it. The witch smiled and shook her head.
“I’m offended,” Tristan growled, and then glared at me.
“Well,” I drawled and reached out. I stroked his cheek and smirked as he continued to growl under his breath. “You’re not known for your… um, self-control.” He scowled and reached up to grab hold of my wrist, pulling my hand away. “Is our daughter having an effect on you? It’s okay to admit it.” If looks alone could kill, I’d implode under the harsh glare that he was giving me. I pulled my hand from his and straightened. “Okay,” I conceded. “Okay,” I repeated and held up both hands. “Forget I said anything,” I said and couldn’t help but smile. Yes, the hunger that I could feel from him; it was nothing to mess around with. He was starving. Okay, he was always starved for blood, but this was… more than starving. I had no idea how to describe it, but if he was blocking me from feeling it through the bond, it had to be really bad. His eyes were also going in and out of focus, and the air was all but vibrating with unleashed aggression. Hell, even Freya looked like she was on the brink of attacking me. Speaking of… I scowled at her and pointed to her, and then to myself. “No,” I said firmly. “If you do, I’ll turn my blood poisonous in the middle of you feeding. Now, wouldn’t that be a fun experience?”
“You would not,” Freya said and narrowed her eyes on me. Okay, I wouldn’t, but she didn’t have to know that. Bonus for me, because she couldn’t read me without frying her brain in the process.
“Try me,” I challenged, and then we winced as Tristan’s energy lashed against our skin. I glanced over at him and moved to sit beside him. Wrapping my arms around his shoulders, I pressed up against his side and nuzzled him. He removed one of his arms from Donnica and wrapped it around me with a growling sigh.
“Go,” Tristan growled at Freya, looking exasperated. “Now,” he snarled when she didn’t leave. When she still didn’t leave, he sighed. “I give you my word that I will not kill her. Go hunt.” She hesitated for a moment longer, before reluctantly exiting the office and closing the door behind her. We sat in silence for a while, until Donnica stirred slightly and mumbled something unintelligible.
“Come again?” I asked. She gathered her energy into herself and slowly pulled away from Tristan as she sat up.
“This is cozy,” she replied and looked around.
“How do you feel?” I asked and removed my arms from around Tristan. I moved into a more comfortable sitting position and looked her up and down.
“I’m… not sure. Feels like my blood is popping, if you get what I mean.”
Tristan winced. “It will pass. Give it…” he paused, looking pained as he concentrated on the here and now. “A few days.”
She let out a squeaking sound and blinked at us. “A few days?”
“Maybe more.”
“Tristan!”
He cleared his throat and removed his arm from around me. “You just ingested a lot of my blood.” He scowled at her. “It will take a few days for it to fade.”
“No shit,” she muttered. “My mouth still feels like I swallowed a livewire.”
He smirked. “Tell me, are you in pain?” She frowned, and I held back a smirk of my own as she began poking herself.
“No,” she said after a few more seconds. “No pain.” He nodded stiffly and reached for the iPhone that was on the floor beside him. He handed it over to her, and she scowled as she took back the device.
“When you didn’t respond to Trynnadon’s mental call, he texted you.”
“Oh.” She unlocked her phone and glanced at the screen. “Hey, you weren’t an ass for once.”
“I have my moments,” he deadpanned, and I snorted.
“Well,” Donnica said and got to her feet. “I better get going. I’ve been here long enough.”
“Hey,” I said indignantly. “You don’t like me?”
“I don’t like him.”
“Uh huh.”
She glared down at me. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Oh, nothing.” I chuckled. “Nothing at all.” She harrumphed and strode to the door, opening it. She looked back at us and frowned as she stepped into the hall.
“Before I forget, there are coven-less witches running around. You might want to snatch them up before the rogues do.”
I nodded. “We’ll do.” Donnica nodded, pulling the door shut behind her as she walked away. I got to my feet and walked over to the computer. Touching a finger to the mousepad, I blinked at the screen. “Huh,” I said and stared at the box where the name of Donnica’s sire should’ve been. “Why didn’t we look her up sooner?”
“There was no reason to,” Tristan said from behind me.
“Right,” I said and closed the browser. “She never did anything to warrant the Council’s attention.” I turned to him and frowned. “Are you going to find out who her sire is?”
“Perhaps.” He scowled at me. “How many souls have you taken?”
I blinked. “Why do you ask?” His eyes went unfocused, and I reached out to slap him. Before I could make contact, his cold fingers wrapped around my wrist and yanked me into him. I slammed against him with an oof, and then let out a yelp as his aura wrapped around me. He grabbed a fistful of my hair as everything went dark.
I had no idea where we were, and I didn’t even get a chance to look around. I felt the burning pain at my neck as Tristan sank his fangs in deep and pulled hard. “Don’t,” I said firmly as heat exploded between my legs. The constant throbbing down there for the past days grew, and I moaned in pleasure. “Drain me.” His growls turned into a snarl as my lower back hit something solid. I grabbed a hold of his shirt and pulled. Not bothering to pull away from my neck, he made our clothes disappear. I wrapped my arms around him, panting as the pleasure from both the bite and wanting him intensified. One of his hands went between my legs, and I moaned, almost cumming as he stroked my opening. The air crackled around us, and his hands were suddenly at my hips, his fingers digging into my ass as he lifted me slightly. My world tilted as he bent me backward and entered me fast, hard, and deep. I wrapped my legs around him, letting out a loud moan as I clenched around him. Growling, he pounded in and out of me as I gasped and groaned. His hands held me still as he drove himself harder and deeper inside me. With a snarl, he withdrew his fangs and covered my mouth with his own as he kissed me. I dug my nails into his back as I returned the kiss. My tongue stroked against his, thrusting and entangling with his as pleasure continued to slam into me. He broke the kiss, and my moans turned into a scream as he increased his pace, pounding into me as I came hard. He thrust into me one last time, holding himself in deep as he came with a grunt. “Open to me,” he growled. I hesitated for a moment, before doing as I was told. As the bond flared between us, he let out a half hissing, half snarling sound as my pleasure hit him. “Fuck,” he snarled and pulled out of me. He straightened, and I winced at the pained look that he was giving me.
“To answer your earlier question, I had six,” I gasped. “I was taking out my anger on the rogues, and I kind of lost count.” I struggled to my feet, and then froze as his eyes turned feral. Oh dear, I thought. I was going to die. My fight or flight instinct kicked into high gear, and my hands shot out. Tristan went flying backward with a surprised grunt. I went after him, landing atop him before he could get up. His arms locked around me, and he snarled in my ear as he slipped out from under me. I almost faceplanted with the floor, but his arms came around me from behind before I could. Still snarling, he pushed me onto my stomach and spread my legs open. His fingers found my clit, and I moaned, gasping as he flicked at it and pinched it, releasing and repeating until I thought I was going to die for real. I let out a strangled scream as he slipped two fingers deep inside me and thrust them in and out hard. He removed his free hand from my back, and I moaned as he circled my clit, rubbing it fast and hard while his fingers continued to stroke and thrust inside me. I squirmed, panting and moaning as heat continued to build within me. He pushed a third finger inside me, and my vision narrowed to pinpricks as I saw stars. I clenched around his fingers, screaming as I came. He flipped me onto my back, and I panted as he gave me a hard kiss before trailing his way to my neck. “Don’t,” I gasped, and then moaned as his hot fingers closed around a nipple. “Oh,” I said happily. “You can do that, but no more biting.” Tristan growled and closed his mouth around my other nipple. Pleasure shot between my legs, and I moaned as he suckled and swirled his hot tongue around it, licking and nipping at it. He switched to my other breast, and I groaned as he reached between us. He stroked my entrance, rubbing at it as I tried to pushed myself into his hand. He stopped rubbing me, and he chuckled as I let out a scream of frustration. He released my nipple with a wet pop, and before I could do more than kick him, he grabbed both my legs and pulled me to him. I let out a loud moan as his hot mouth closed around my clit. “Fuck!” I yelled, gasping for air that was suddenly not there as his tongue slipped between my folds and thrust inside me. I moaned loudly as my fingers dug into his scalp, holding him there. He sucked hard on my clit, and I wanted to cry and kill him all at the same time as he kept me from moving. His tongue pressed down hard on my clit, and I screamed as the orgasm slammed into me. He took all of me, licking, sucking, and stroking hard as I came. I went limp, panting as Tristan gathered me into his arms, flipping us until I was on top of him. Sighing, I nuzzled him and lazily ran my hands over him. My stomach constantly quivered in response to Tristan’s energy wrapped around me, but I ignored it and snuggled into him as he stroked my back. His hand made its way to my ass, and I let out a yelp as he squeezed. “Stop that,” I spluttered, even as my own hand went between his legs. He stiffened, his hold tightening on my ass as I gripped him. He sucked in a sharp breath and growled in warning as he grew hard. “I wonder,” I said thoughtfully and stroked him.
“Ariella,” he snarled, and then glared at me. I released him and rolled off him onto my back. I pushed myself onto my elbows and looked at him. He eyed me suspiciously as I willed his lust to go overboard. A second later, I let out a startled yelp as the lust slammed into me like lightning. I clamped my legs shut and rolled away from Tristan, who was half groaning in pleasure and half laughing.
“Okay,” I said and moaned. “You’re an asshole!” I exclaimed. “Asshole!” I let out a grunt as he hooked an arm around me and yanked me toward him. “I really don’t like that evil smirk, you know,” I said casually as he forced my legs apart.
“Good,” he growled in my ear, and I let out a very loud moan of pleasure as he drove himself into me. His fangs sank into the side of my neck, and I arched into him, screaming as I came. I dug my fingers into his back as he lifted me higher, pounding in and out of me. I met him thrust for thrust, pulling him in deeper as my walls clenched and unclenched around him. I sank my own fangs into his shoulder, and I locked my arms and legs around him, squeezing him as he swelled even more inside me. He released my neck and buried himself deep in me, snarling as his hot released filled me. I screamed as I came along with him, moaning as he pulsed and jerked inside me. I swallowed the large mouthful of blood and coughed as I withdrew my fangs. Tristan bared his fangs at me and growled. My world blurred around me, and I grunted as he bent me over the table and drove into me from behind.
“Fuck,” I gasped, moaning as his fingers dug into my hips. He moved in and out of me, stroking into me as I continued to moan in pleasure. I slammed back against him, gasping as he reached around and stroked my clit, rubbing it. I reached back and grabbed his arm, bringing it to my mouth. I sank my fangs into his wrist and pulled hard on his blood. He let out a snarl, hooking his free arm under my stomach and lifting me. His own fangs struck the side of my neck, and I screamed as I came hard around him. He pounded faster and harder into me, and I groaned as hot wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. I released my hold on his wrist and slammed my hands down on the table as I pushed into him. A squeak escaped me as an ominous cracking sound filled my ears. Tristan stilled inside me and pulled his wrist free of my mouth. He withdrew his own fangs from me and flipped us away as the table broke in half. “I didn’t do that!” I yelled as he fell backward onto the floor. His hand on the middle of my back kept me from following.
“You did,” he growled. “Ride me. Now.” He groaned as my walls tightened around him. I slowly lifted myself, until the head of him was just inside me. Tristan let out a warning snarl, his hands moving to my hips and tightening. Shuddering, I slammed back onto him and squirmed, until the air crackled around me in another warning. I patted his thigh affectionately and slowly rode him. I snickered as he let out a frustrated growl. “I am going to kill you,” he hissed. “If you don’t move faster.”
“Well…” I drawled, and then shrieked as his fingers found my clit and pinched it hard. “Oh,” I gasped. “Don’t do that. You can’t torture me by not allowing me to cum.” He chuckled and released me, groaning as I continued to ride him. Pleasure slowly build within me, and I moaned as I rode him faster, harder. He swelled even more inside me, and I moaned as he stretched me. He snarled, and I ground myself into him as I came with a long, loud moan. He exploded into me, and I shuddered violently as he emptied himself with a feral snarl. My world suddenly flipped, and I found myself on my hands and knees. Tristan’s hand went between my legs, and I moaned as the heat of his touch all but scorched me. Still buried deep inside me, he began to move. His hand moved to my breast, and I continued to moan, panting as he rolled my nipples between his fingers. I slammed back against him, and I shrieked as his fangs sank in and out of my neck in quick succession. The intensity of the pleasure bite sent me over the edge, and I fell onto my stomach as I came. “That was cheating!” I yelled, gasping as his hand came down on the back of my neck. My ass in the air, he pounded into me, applying pressure to my neck as I tried to move. “Fuck!” I yelled as pleasure burned hot within me. “It’s official, I’m doubling my soul consumption.”
“Yes,” Tristan snarled. “Please do.” He rubbed hard on my clit with his fingers, and I screamed as the orgasm hit me. “See what happens.” He drove himself in deep and snarled into my ear as he came, his hot release jetting into me. He pulsed and jerked violently inside me, cursing and snarling as he continued to spill himself into me.
“Fuck!” I exclaimed. “Yes!” His hands on my hips tightened, and I groaned as his fingers dug into me hard. Growling, he thrust into me with short strokes, and I groaned as I slowly came, the orgasm coursing through me in a gentle wave. Tristan shuddered against my back, and I grunted as his weight came down on me. Well, I thought, at least my ass wasn’t sticking up in the air anymore. Panting, I just laid there, completely satisfied for the moment. Besides, Tristan was like a hot furnace against me. I was surprised that nothing had caught on fire. “Off,” I mumbled and smiled as I got a grunt in response. I chuckled and elbowed him. “If you get off me, I promise to make you cum one last time before we hit the shower,” I said sweetly. He growled, and I moaned as he grew hard inside me. “Off,” I said again and repeatedly elbowed him, until he slowly pulled out of me and pushed off me with a grunt. After a moment of gathering myself, I sat up and got to my feet. Turning to Tristan, who was leaning against a wall, I walked over to him and wrapped my arms around him. I nuzzled him and sighed as he ran his fingers through my hair. I ran my hands up and down his body, smiling as a certain part of him kept on twitching.
“Mmm,” he said and nuzzled my hair. He stopped breathing a second later, as my fingers wrapped around the hot, very hard length of him. I dropped to my knees, and he groaned as I retracted my fangs and took him into my mouth. “Oh,” he growled and buried his fingers into my hair. “You weren’t jesting.” I hummed in response, because it was all I could do as I sucked and licked him. I pulled back and swirled my tongue around the tip of him, sucking at it as I wrapped my hands around him. I stroked him, squeezing him as I sucked more of him into my mouth. Panting, Tristan growled and dug his fingers into the back of my head as I worked him. I cupped his balls, stroking them as they tightened even further. He gently thrust farther into my mouth, and I groaned as I took him in deep. I sucked him fast and hard, licking him furiously as I took all of him. He hit the back of my throat, and I tightened my mouth around him as I sucked hard. Snarling, Tristan grabbed a fistful of my hair, yanking my head back as he pulled almost all the way out. The head of him jerked against my tongue, and I groaned as he thrust in and out of my mouth, hitting the back of my throat. I continued to lick and suck him as heat continued to pool between my legs. He thrust into me a final time, and I swallowed him as he came with a snarl, pouring his hot release down my throat. I moaned as he pulled himself out a long minute later and released his hold on my hair. Panting, and before he knew what was happening, I moved in a blur, baring my fangs and burying them deep into his inner thigh. He let out a surprised, half strangled sound as I pulled his hot blood down my throat. After a couple more pulls, I withdrew my fangs, letting out a startled gasp as Tristan snatched me off the floor and blurred into the shower. I glanced down at his erection and winced.
“Sorry?” I said and wrapped my arms and legs around him. He snarled and thrust into me hard. My back slammed into the shower wall, and I gasped, moaning as he pounded in and out of me relentlessly. It was fast, brutal, and I liked every moment of it as my whimpers and moans filled the bathroom. I dug my nails into his back and arched into him, holding on for dear life as he slammed into me with a furious snarl. My moans grew louder and louder as I met him thrust for thrust. He drove his fangs into my neck, and I shrieked as I arched into him, cumming fast and hard as my nails raked down his back. His snarls filled my ears, and he pulled me to him, thrusting himself deep inside me as he exploded into me. I arched my neck, screaming as I continued to cum. When it was over, he withdrew his fangs and set me onto my feet with a very satisfied growl. I pulled him in for a long, passionate kiss, sighing into his mouth as his tongue stroked against mine, swirling and thrusting. He broke the kiss and nuzzled me before reluctantly stepping back.
“We really need to get back to work,” he growled under his breath.
“Later?” I purred. He gave me one last lingering look, before vanishing. With a contented sigh, I smirked and turned on the shower. Damn, I thought. We definitely need to do that again. Definitely.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nineteen

“Where are we?” I asked as I stepped from the shower an hour or so later. “We’re not in Kansas anymore, are we?” I looked around the short hall and stepped into one of the two bedrooms. I could feel Tristan out in the living room somewhere, and I scowled at his amusement I could feel through the bond. I teleported my clothes to me and quickly dressed. No, they weren’t the ones I had been wearing earlier. Running my fingers through my wet hair, I shook myself, groaning as my neck cracked and popped. Shit, that felt good, I thought and exited the bedroom. I walked into the living room and looked around at the dark furniture that were haphazardly arranged.
“Come here,” Tristan said from the kitchen. I turned and walked over to him. I leaned on the counter and arched an eyebrow in question. He pulled me into his arms and nuzzled my neck, before handing me a hot bag of blood. I resisted the urge to rip into the plastic. Instead, I carefully sank my fangs in and drew the hot liquid down my throat. Draining it, I grabbed another bag from the heat box thingy that was sitting on the counter and bit into it with a violent shudder.
“Seriously,” I said and pulled the second empty bag from my mouth. “Where are we?” I asked and popped a third to my fangs.
“One of my homes in Sweden,” he answered, after pulling his uh… fiftieth bag of blood from his fangs and dropping it into the trashcan beside us.
“Oh,” I said and bit into my fourth one. Tristan eyed the remaining blood and scowled. There was a sudden thud, and I almost choked on my last mouthful of blood. I quickly swallowed and dropped the empty bag on the counter. Before I could go and investigate, Tristan tightened his arm around me and held me against him.
“It’s only Freya,” he muttered under his breath. The devil in question walked in a second later, looking… like she was choking on air. I grinned and leaned into Tristan, knowing exactly what the cause of it was.
“Hi, Freya,” I greeted her casually. I reached out and pulled her in for a hug. I nuzzled her neck and sniffed her. “Looks like you and Rory had fun as well.” She growled, and I chuckled. “I can smell him all over you,” I said in a staged whisper. “How was it?” I purred, and then yelped as Tristan smacked me upside the head. “Ow!” I exclaimed and released Freya, who took a couple of steps back.
“Oh,” she breathed, and her eyes glazed over in pleasure. “It was…” She smirked. “Would you like to see?” Her hands shot out and grabbed the sides of my head. I let out a shriek and jerked my head back. I tore from Tristan’s’ arms and flipped over the counter, silently landing on my feet. Freya dropped her hands and gave me a very evil smile.
“No, no, no, no,” I gasped and shuddered as I pointed a finger at her. “I do not want a replay of your… sex escapades.” I glanced at Tristan and growled at him. The asshole was silently laughing at me. The fucking… arrrrrgh!
“Well, sweetheart, you did ask how it was,” Tristan growled, chuckling as he easily dodged the cookie jar that I threw at his head. He caught the blue glass-blown rabbit—cookies and all—and set it back on the counter.
“I fucking hate you guys,” I growled and hopped onto the counter. “Anyways,” I said slowly and glowered at Freya. “Did you need something?”
“No,” she said and smiled. “I came to watch.”
I blinked at her in confusion. “Watch what?” I asked slowly.
 “This,” Tristan said, and before I knew what was happening, he was kissing me, and his hand was down my pants. I took in a deep breath and let out an earsplitting scream. Except, Tristan stuck his tongue down my throat, so instead of a scream coming out of me, a choking sound took its place. His fingers prodded my opening, and I held back a moan as I grabbed his wrist and pulled his hand from my pants. He pulled back and nuzzled me, laughing softly as he held me to him. Chuckling, Freya closed in on us and ruffled my hair.
“I came to have a word with Tristan,” she said, seriousness back in place. I nodded and drove my fist into Tristan’s gut. It wasn’t hard enough to go straight through, but it was hard enough as air exploded from him in a whoosh. He dropped his arms from me and took a step back. If I didn’t know him, I would’ve thought he was pouting, but… he didn’t do pout. Like. Ever. “Are you satisfied?” Freya asked dryly.
“I am,” I said and crossed my arms. “For now.” Freya opened her mouth and said something, but I couldn’t hear her as a high-pitched ringing started up in my ears, followed by the rushing sound of blood. I dropped my arms and just stared at them. Knowing what was about to happen, I mentally braced myself. It… didn’t help as I vomited blood everywhere. Tristan and Freya simultaneously moved at the very last second, completely avoiding being splashed on. “Well,” I said breathlessly. My world spun dizzyingly around me, and I could barely see straight as I spew another gallon of blood.
“Something is wrong,” Freya said helpfully, and she sounded muffled to me as Tristan picked me off the counter and carried me to… somewhere. My vision was too blurry to make out anything. Cool air met my skin, and I shuddered violently as Tristan lowered me into the water. The ice-cold water burned like fire, and I screamed as I thrashed around. My vision slowly came back into focus, but I still felt like shit as I continued to send water across the bathroom floor in waves. Only Tristan’s hand on my chest kept me from vaulting out of the bathtub. Freya clamped her hands on my head, and my screams turned into gasps and whimpers as the feeling of numbness came over me. Oh, Ari, a female voice purred inside my head. “Shit!” I screamed. “Fuck! Shit! Fuck! Shit!” Tristan pressed a hand over my mouth and gave me a weird look. Be still, Roxana said gently into my mind. “Bitch!” I exclaimed and pushed Tristan away. Fuck, I couldn’t even string a god damn fucking sentence together. Up here, she sang, and an invisible force tilted my head back, until I was looking up at the ceiling. A black cloud nearly covered the entire thing, and another violent shudder went through me as I glared at it.
“Ari?” Tristan asked slowly and stared intently at me. Hush, Roxana whispered to me. Only you can see me. You should feel special.
“What do you want?” I gasped as an invisible band slowly tightened around my throat. Freya dropped her hands from me, and a chill skittered down my spine as a low growl rumbled out of her. Roxana appeared out of thin air, and before any of us could do anything about it, she grabbed both Freya and Tristan by their throats and slammed them into the wall hard enough that the entire house shook.
“Children, children,” she said chidingly and dropped her hands from them. They hung there, both of them fuming as their eyes drilled holes into the devil’s forehead, like they wanted to disintegrate her on the spot.
“So that was you?” I asked and slowly sat up. Ice-blue eyes met mine, and she smirked as she inclined her head.
“The extra? Yes, but it was all you. I just took the opportunity. You’re at your weakest when you’re… well, weak.” Her ice-cold fingers gripped the back of my neck a split second later, forcing my head back as she ripped into her wrist with a snarl. It was at my mouth a heartbeat later. Her blood burned its way down my throat as she hauled me out of the tub. I was forced to swallow mouthful after mouthful of it, and my insides felt like they were boiling. She finally removed her wrist from my mouth, but she didn’t release me like I had hoped she would. Instead, she held me in a chokehold. “Here’s the thing,” Roxana said calmly and sniffed my hair. “Humph,” she continued and inhaled deeply. “You guys had fun without me.” Her voice had a pout to it, and I grunted as she tightened her hold on me. “But I digress.” I elbowed her hard, but it was like she hadn’t felt it. “I know what you all are secretly up to, and I will not have it.” Her hold tightened even further, and I grunted in pain as something in my neck was crushed.
“Do you?” Freya snarled as other things in my neck cracked or popped. It wasn’t the good kind of cracking and popping, either.
“I know that you are trying to get rid of me,” Roxana said coldly. “That is all I need to know.” She suddenly released me, and I let out a gurgling, wheezing sound as I hit the floor. Ow, I thought, and then inwardly winced as she dropped Freya, who let out a scream of agony as blood all but exploded from her eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. As a result, Tristan was groaning in pain as blood poured from his ears and nose, too. Freya’s screams grew louder and louder, until I was bleeding from my own ears. “Hmm,” Roxana said and eyed us thoughtfully. “What do I have to do to convince you?” She held up a finger, and I inwardly shivered as silence rang. “Let’s see,” she continued as an invisible force lifted us up and tossed us out of the bathroom. She wasn’t gentle about it, either. I slammed headfirst into a wall and through it. It turned out to be the outside. Ow, I silently groaned and got to my feet. Stumbling like a god damn drunk, I ducked back through the hole and entered the living room. Freya and Tristan looked like they were struggling against invisible opponents, or… maybe they were struggling with their beast. I stood there and watched as they writhed, hissing and snarling as their skin rippled. Both of them had their claws out, and I winced as they made a screeching sound against the floor. To add to it, they were also still bleeding from their eyes and ears. “Would you like me to let them go?” Roxana asked from behind me. “I think it would be fun to watch Tristan tear you apart.” She chuckled. “Don’t you think?” I gulped as my stomach flipped and rolled uncomfortably. “Oh,” she said, sounding a little surprised. “Someone is here. Got to go,” she sang and was gone, a split second before a mass of darkness slammed into the room. I let out a yelp as what felt like a bucket of ice water hit me. Good news, it wasn’t Roxana’s doing, and bad news, the necromancers were here. If they were here, it had to be extremely bad. The darkness suddenly vanished, and I gaped in surprise as Jesric ducked and dodged out of Tristan’s reach. He leapt into the air, hitting the ceiling before dropping onto Tristan and driving him to the floor. At the far side of the room, shadows held Freya, and it looked effortless as they kept her from moving. I was somewhere between wanting to protect Tristan or help Jesric out. With a snarl, Tristan surged upward, and I winced as Jesric went flying. The shadows around Freya wavered, but didn’t break. A stream of dark red flames shot through the air, and I let out a scream as it seared into my side. To be more precise, it hit Tristan, but it might as well have hit me too as I dropped to the floor. It was agonizing to me, but it had enraged Tristan as he launched himself at the necromancer. They met in midair, growling and snarling as they pounded the shit out of each other. Well, Jesric was doing the pounding. Tristan was trying his hardest to get his fangs into the necromancer. Ignoring the pain, I got to my feet just as Rory, Jailyn, Casiar, and Brianna appeared. Tristan abruptly changed target, and Brianna screamed as he snatched her up. A second later, he too, was screaming. What in the world’s fuck? Brianna hit the floor with another scream, sounding more hysterical as Tristan’s fangs drew closer and closer to her neck.
“Tristan!” Jailyn yelled over the noise. “If you hurt her, I swear to the fucking devil I’ll send you into oblivion!” Tristan let out a furious scream as shadows slammed into him, lifting him into the air and slamming him headfirst into the far wall.
“A little help over here?” Rory called out. I looked over at him and cringed. He was holding Freya back, but from the way things were going, she was just seconds from breaking free of his hold. I flashed over to them and punched her in the face. Sadly, she turned her head in time to avoid me smashing her nose into her brain. Even in beast mode, her instinct to evade injuries still took over. A tendril of shadow came out of nowhere, and I jumped back as it ripped her out of Rory’s arms and slammed her up against the ceiling. Casiar put a hand on my shoulder, and I winced as Tristan let out another scream of fury. I turned just as Jailyn appeared in front of me.
“Trade place with me,” she said quickly to him as Jesric went for another round with Tristan. Casiar nodded and flashed over to them, sending an uppercut that snapped Tristan’s head back. “Jesric, help Rory,” she continued and put an arm around me. I didn’t know what was more scary; Tristan trying to get to me, or Freya silently fighting with Rory. Well, the only sound that came out of her were growls, and even those sounded controlled. “Let’s go outside,” Jailyn whispered in my ear and pulled me along with her. The moment we were outside, she turned me to face her fully. “Short version of what happened.”
“I got sick, Roxana invaded my mind, made it worse, showed up in the bathroom, threw them up against the wall, crushed my neck a little, tossed me through a wall, and… you know the rest,” I said rapidly. “She was going to do more, but you guys interrupted her.” I eyed her. “Did she bring out the beast within them?”
She laughed humorlessly. “She brought it close enough.” She frowned. “Well, enough that they’re dangerous to humans and witches.”
I blinked at her. “That’s…”
She cupped my chin and looked deep into my eyes. “Trust me, you’ll know when their beast is fully out.”
“How?” I asked slowly, knowing the answer but needing her to say it all the same.
She hesitated for a moment, and then sighed. “They’ll change.”
“Into what?”
“No idea, everyone is different.” We winced as another wall exploded outward, sending chunks of plaster and mortar into the air. “All I know is that they’ll be a shadowy… something.” I nodded as she dropped her hand. “Let’s get back in there before Tristan does something he’ll really regret.” We turned and headed back inside. “And,” she muttered under her breath. “We should get out of here.” I agreed and launched myself at Tristan. He spun from Casiar, snarling as he caught me. He took me down with him, and he grunted as I shoved my forearm into his throat. “Now!” Jailyn yelled, and everything went dark.
We appeared in one of Freya’s holding cells, and I blinked in surprise when we didn’t explode. “Thank you, Rozalia,” Jailyn called out to the imp. “You can come out of hiding, now.”
“I wasn’t hiding,” the imp screeched indignantly.
“Uh huh, right.”
“Ow,” Jesric said and groaned. “I wish you’d let me bleed him,” he muttered.
“Next time,” Jailyn said, and I yelped as Tristan rolled me under him. “No! Sex!” she yelled. “I will castrate you!”
“Please don’t,” I said as magic filled the air.
“I won’t if you two behave.”
“Humph,” I said and continued to push my forearm into Tristan’s neck. He grunted as magic slammed into him, and I blinked stupidly as a stream of blood poured into his mouth. “What the fuck?” I asked as he pulled back in surprise.
“That’s…” Brianna said and came to stand over us. She sniffed the air and scowled. “I want some. That’s witch blood.” She looked around in confusion. “Who’s doing a spell?”
“I am!” Riana yelled from somewhere. “You better not be going at it like bunnies!”
“Oh, come on!” Rory exclaimed from somewhere else, and I laughed, watching as Tristan quickly swallowed down the blood. It was that or choking on it.
“I mean it,” she sang. “I’ll even help Jailyn cut off your nuts.”
“I’m in!” Brianna yelled, looking way too excited. Tristan, looking sane again, rolled his eyes and got off me. The blood stopped streaming into his mouth, and I watched as it dissipated into thin air.
“Okay,” I said loudly. “Where is the blood coming from?”
“It came from us,” Riana said from the doorway. “You’re welcome.” Tristan coughed and cleared his throat, before scowling at her. I sat up and put my arms around him.
“Say thank you,” I whispered in his ear. He stiffened, and I chuckled as I ran a hand up and down his arm. “Say it,” I said coaxingly. “You can do it.” He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Thank you,” Tristan said to the witch and pulled me onto his lap.
“You’re… you’re… you’re welcome?” Riana stuttered and just stared wide-eyed at him. Brianna snickered and patted Tristan on the shoulder.
“See? Was that hard?” the fledgling asked and grinned.
“Yes,” he growled as she snatched her hand back. Freya appeared behind Riana and gently moved her aside. She came over and crouched beside us. She was still covered in blood. Other than Riana, we all were. Freya eyed me for a long time, and then sighed.
“How do you feel?” she asked and placed a hand on Tristan’s thigh. I paused and mentally checked myself over.
“I’m… okay,” I said and shrugged. She rolled her eyes, and then zapped me. It was hard enough to shove me to the floor.
“Ow!” I exclaimed as my entire body twitched uncontrollably. “That hurt!”
“Next time,” she mused. “Be truthful with me.”
“I was,” I spluttered as Brianna plopped down onto my legs. Tristan let out a heavy sigh and shook his head as he got to his feet. “Where are you going?”
He smirked. “I’m going to wash up. Would you like to join me?” he asked and turned to stare at Jailyn, who smiled and slowly drew one of her blades. “You are no fun,” he muttered and teleported.
“Oh, I am plenty of fun!” the necromancer yelled at the ceiling. “Just ask Casiar!” A second later, she let out a yelp and glared at the open doorway. “Well,” she said with a heavy sigh. “The rest of you, get cleaned up. I’m calling a meeting in an hour.” I nodded, kicked Brianna off me, and teleported to my office bathroom.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty

BRIANNA

“Are you all right?” Jailyn asked as she came to stand behind my chair. We were the only two in the council chamber after the others had left half an hour ago. I hadn’t made a move to leave. I was just staring at my own reflection in the tabletop. The meeting itself took three hours to get through, and by the end of it, I wanted to slam someone’s head into a wall. Repeatedly.
“Yeah,” I said with a sigh. She pulled up a chair next to me and dropped into it with a frown.
“Why don’t I believe you?” I scowled and shrugged. She put an arm around my shoulders and squeezed. I almost shed a tear. Stupid sire bond, I thought and scowled harder. I blame it all on the god damn fucking bond. “Talk to me, sweetling. What is on your mind?” I began picking at my nails, my stomach doing somersaults as I debated with myself. I blinked and sat back in my chair as a bottle of whiskey appeared on the table in front of me. “I know that you can’t get drunk, but you can still enjoy the burn.” Mentally shaking myself, I opened the chilled bottle and slowly poured a generous amount into the jumble shot glass that came with it. I knocked it back and groaned.
“Okay, you have a point,” I said and poured myself another shot. After my fourth one, I set down the glass and looked up at the dark ceiling.
“I always have a point,” she said and withdrew her arm. I poured myself another shot and took a deep, deep breath.
“I want to be a hunter,” I blurted. “Well, actually, I want to be a protector. Except, I don’t want restrictions when it comes to killing things, and…” I gulped and squinted at the far corner of the chamber. “I’m afraid. There, I said it. I’m afraid, okay?” I quickly finished off the rest of the bottle and seriously wished that I could get drunk. Too bad the special kind wasn’t the kind you could just buy from anywhere. I took a peak at my sire out the corner of my eye and inwardly winced. “Hmm, do spies kill without wondering if they’ll get in trouble for it?” Jailyn smiled and pulled the shot glass from my fingers. By this point, my stomach was doing fucking gymnastics. That was how nervous I was. My sire turned my chair around and pulled me to her, until our legs were touching. She gripped my chin with cool fingers and forced me to look at her. I inwardly cringed and willed myself not to make a move.
“Brianna,” she said softly as she caged me in my chair. “First of all, it’s okay to admit that you’re afraid. No one will ever hold it against you. Least of all, me.” She paused. “I know that we, as in the older ones, seem… aloof to you at times, but deep down and as much as we hate to admit it, we’re just as affected as you are. The only difference is; you came out with it.” She pressed a finger to my lips before I could say anything. “Being afraid is not a weakness.” She frowned. “Well, I guess that would depend on how you deal with the fear, but that’s not the point I’m trying to make.” I smirked and leaned forward, wrapping my arms around her in a hug.
“I know what you mean,” I said and snickered as she stiffened. After a few seconds, her arms came around me in an embrace. “It’s okay to show affection to someone, too,” I said and grinned as I heard the barely audible growl.
“Oh, you hush.” She ruffled my hair and chuckled. “You ruined my speech.”
“Sorry,” I said and rested my head on her shoulder.
“Now, tell me what you’re afraid of.”
“Oh,” I said and shrugged. “You know, the usual. With all that’s going on, I’m… I don’t want to lose anyone else.” Her arms tightened around me, and I swallowed hard against the emotions that rose up within me.
“Freya and I are going to make damn sure that doesn’t happen.”
“She’s the devil. She can’t be killed,” I mumbled.
“Who said anything about killing her?” She ran her fingers through my hair and sighed. “And besides, there are other ways of getting rid of someone we don’t like.”
“Do tell.”
“We’re still working it out, but when we do, you’ll know.”
“Hmm, I don’t like the sound of that.” She let out another sigh as I pulled back to look at her.
“I’m going to be honest with you, sweetling.” I definitely didn’t like the sound of that. “Some of us are not going to make it out of this alive.” I gulped as dread settled over me in a wave. “It’s going to get worse before it gets better.” I nodded. “Now, you must promise me something.” I held my breath. “You will not do anything stupid.”
“But.”
“Your word.”
“But.”
“Promise me that you will not do anything reckless.” I closed my eyes and let out a resigned sigh. She waited patiently as I silently fought with myself. After a moment, I let out another sigh.
“Fine, I give you my word that I won’t do anything stupid, or reckless, or… anything like that.” A twinge of pain shot through me, and I winced as my eyes popped open. “I seriously hate when that happens.”
She smirked. “It’s a binding thing. That’s how you know it’s working.”
I grunted. “Now that is done and over with, can we go to brunch? I want some pancakes and hash browns before noon.”
She chuckled. “Of course,” she said and released me. “If you like, you can bring the others along. It will be a good conversation for everyone.” I nodded and mentally reached out to Kira, Corinne, Skyler, and Natalia.
“Are we teleporting?” I asked and got to my feet.
“I think we’ll drive,” she mused and followed me from the chamber.
“Drive where?” Kira asked as she walked up to us, followed by the others. “Where are we going?”
“Out for brunch,” I answered and pushed open the stairwell door.
“Oh, I thought you were dying.”
“Har har,” I said and smirked. “You’re not funny.”.”
“What?” she exclaimed in mock outrage as she and the others ran up the stairs after me. “I’m offended.” I snorted and leapt up the last flight.
“Uh, guys?” Skyler asked as I pushed open the doors. “Ari wants to know where we’re going.”
“We’re going to have breakfast and lunch,” Natalia chirped and ran past me. “That’s why it’s called brunch.” I ran after the vampire child as she made her way to a black van with tinted windows. She popped open the back passenger door and hopped inside. “She wants to know if she can tag along.”
“Sure,” said Jailyn. “But she’s driving.”
“Why?” Ari asked with a huff as she appeared beside the driver door. “Do you all feel like dying?” I grunted and stepped into the van, making room for the others to enter.
“Are you saying that your driving is reckless?”
“My driving is perfect.”
“Hmm,” Skyler said and smirked as her sire got in and started up the engine.
“Not a word,” Ari warned as Jailyn got in.
“Me?” Skyler asked innocently as she pulled out.
Ari scowled into the rearview mirror and shook her head. “Where to?”
“Mickey D’s?” Kira asked.
“IHop?” Natalia suggested and shrugged.
“A random place where they sell pancakes, and hash browns, and sausages, and…” I scowled. “Let’s just go to Mickey D’s. Besides, I like their sausage, eggs, and chees McMuffin thingy.”
“Okay yeah, let’s just go there,” Kira agreed. “We’ll just argue about it for hours, otherwise.”
“Kira, making sense for once,” Ari muttered under her breath. “Hell finally froze over.”
“Hey!” the fledgling exclaimed. “I heard that!” Ari chuckled and shook her head as she turned down a street. “So…” Kira said slowly and eyed me suspiciously.
“What?” I asked and arched an eyebrow.
“Is there something that you’re not telling us?”
I shrugged. “Is there?”
“Brianna!” she exclaimed, giving me an exasperated look.
“Kira!” I shot back at her and smirked.
“Children,” Jailyn drawled, sounding amused. “What do you want to be when you grow up?”
Natalia blinked. “What?” she asked, confused.
My sire chuckled. “That’s the topic of the day. Think about it.”
“Hmm,” Skyler said thoughtfully and frowned. “So… are you asking what field we want to go into?”
“Yes.”
“Are you changing the rules?” Kira asked, a little too hopefully.
Jailyn chuckled. “If you want the rules changed, speak to your sire.”
“But you’re on the Council.”
“I am.”
“Where is Tristan? He should like, be in on this.”
“He’s overseeing the new hunters,” Ari said and smiled. “You should’ve seen the looks on their faces when he appeared.” She snickered. “Priceless, I tell you.”
“What?” Kira spluttered in outrage. “He’s what?”
“Look what you’ve done,” Jailyn muttered.
“What?” Ari asked defensively. “She asked, I answered truthfully.”
“Humph.”
“I want to be there,” Kira complained and grumbled under her breath.
“From the sounds of it,” Ari said dryly. “You want to be a hunter.”
“I’m… undecisive.”
“Well,” Jailyn said with a sigh. “They still have a century of growing up to do.”
“Hmm, you have a point,” Ari agreed and ignored the heated glares boring into the back of her head. “And… we’re here,” she said as she pulled into the parking lot. “Everybody get out and play nice for the next foreseeable couple of hours.”
“Yes, mother,” Kira said sarcastically as she followed me out of the van.
“She is, technically,” Natalia said and snickered.
“Don’t you start,” she warned, and then sighed as I grabbed her and dragged her through the door. The smell of burgers and fries filled my nose as I looked around. Relieved that there were very few to no people other than us, I walked up to the counter and looked at the menu.
“I’ll do the ordering,” Skyler said as she came up beside me. “You all go find a table,” she continued as I felt a light pressure in my head. I shot her a glare as I followed Jailyn to the seating area. She stood aside, and I slid in next to Corinne,, who was peering over the divider. When everybody were seated, the only one standing were Jailyn and Ari.
“Sit,” Natalia said, reaching up and tugging on Ari’s sleeve. “Sit-sit-sit.” Jailyn chuckled and pulled up a chair from the next table, placing it at the end of their own before sitting. Ari smiled, patting the vampire child’s hand before pulling away.
“I’m going to help Skyler,” she said and ruffled Natalia’s hair. “Be back in a few.” I eyed the tabletop and scowled at the sticky film that covered most of the surface. Gross, I thought and snickered as Kira pulled handful after handful of napkins from the dispenser.
“Here,” she said to me and handed me a stack of them. “Help me.” Smirking, we began to cover the table in napkins. “There,” Kira said as she patted down the last piece of the cheap white stuff a couple of minutes later. “Much better,” she finished and waved to Skyler and Ari as they joined us.
“The fuck?” Skyler asked and set down the tray she was holding.
“Don’t ask,” Kira said, and then squeaked as she snatched up a cup of… something. I sniffed and rolled my eyes as I caught the scent of chocolate. “You’re the best.”
“Don’t mention it,” Ari said dryly and handed me two McMuffins.
“So,” Jailyn said and handed me my orange juice.
“I want to be a hunter,” Natalia said cheerfully and dug into her blueberry pancakes.
Ari blinked. “You do?”
“No, I want to be an assassin,” she said with her mouth full of food. “You should change spy to assassin, because, technically, that’s what they are.” She frowned and took a long sip of her drink. “You can keep protector and watcher, though. Maybe change hunter to… executioner?” She shrugged.
“Hmm,” Jailyn said thoughtfully.
“What about you, Corinne?” Ari asked and eyed the hash brown that Skyler was holding out to her. “You’re very quiet over there.”
“I’m working on becoming a healer,” the other redhead of the group said and stuffed a handful of tater tots into her mouth. “So… a protector?” Jailyn and Ari nodded as I took my last bite of my first McMuffin. I took several long pulls of the ice-cold orange juice and shuddered.
“I,” Kira said, drawing out the word. “Want to join… the lazy core.”
Ari nodded. “In that case, you’re fired.” Jailyn smirked, and the fledgling scowled as she stuck her other half of the hash brown into her mouth.
“So, how old do you have to be to apply for the protector job and so on?” I asked.
“Officially,” said Jailyn. “You have to be a century old.” She paused. “In vampire age.”
“Three hundred to be eligible for promotion to watcher,” Ari said and reluctantly took the offered sausage link from Skyler. “Five hundred for spy,” she continued. “At that point, you can also go into training for hunter.” At that, everybody perked up with interest. Jailyn and Ari chuckled and shook their heads in unison. “You guys are hilarious.” Ari looked to Jailyn, who shrugged and nodded. I eyed them suspiciously and I finished off the remainder of my food.
“What?” I asked slowly. Natalia snickered and waved toward the outside door before tapping her nose with a finger.
“Are you guys done?” Ari asked and took Skyler’s last bite of McMuffin that she was holding in the air. I nodded and all but shove Kira off the booth as I stood.
“Bitch!” she exclaimed and shot Corinne—who was smirking—a glare.
“Next time, be faster,” Corinne said and gave me a thumbs up.
“Play nice,” my sire said sweetly as we gathered up the trays and tossed the garbage into the trash. We stacked the trays on top of it before walking out.
Outside, standing beside the van, was an amused-looking Sven, who was—of all things—cuddling a cooing Nova. “So,” he said dryly as we stopped before him. He grunted as Nova dug her tiny claws into his arm. His blood scented the air, and the little spawn opened her mouth. Before she could let out a cry, Sven pressed his finger against her fangs, puncturing it. Instead of what was sure to be a wail, a squealing sound escaped her as she snapped her mouth shut. Ari reached out and removed the infant’s claws from his arm, smirking all the while. “So,” the head of the hunters repeated. “Though none of you want to admit it, you’re all interested about the hunter portion of the discussion.” He scowled at us and removed his finger from Nova’s mouth, her small, pink tongue pushing at it. She flailed her arms and legs, babbling as she wriggled in his arms. I almost let out a scream as she all but levitated out of his arms.
Ari let out a startled yelp and caught her daughter before she could go any higher. “Oh,” she said and cuddled her close. “No-no-no, no flying for you yet.” Nova squealed and kicked her legs in response. A tiny red spark flew from her mouth, and Ari yelped in pain as it struck her on the cheek. “Okay,” she gasped and rubbed at it, wincing. “That one is new.” As Nova continued to coo, squeak, squeal, and babble happily, more sparks flew into the air. Ari leaned away slightly and avoided most of them. “Okay, let’s get out of here,” she said, nodding to Jailyn and inclining her head at the van.
“I got it,” Jailyn said and placed her hand on the hood of it. “You guys go on.” Sven nodded, and everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-one

KIRA

“Where are you going?” Sven asked as his hands came down on my shoulders from behind. It was all I could do to not jump as his energy surged into me. You’d think I’d be used to it by now, but I was far from it. We were standing in the middle of the training center that was underground, and all around me were bleeding and groaning, soon-to-be, full-fledged hunters. They… well, got their asses kicked by my sire when a few of them looked at me the wrong way. I was… I still had no idea how I felt about it. Tristan growled as he sparred with another huntress, slamming her to the floor and driving her back down with a snarl as she attempted to get up. She growled in frustration and tried to bite him, but my sire was a blur as he repositioned them. A split second later, she was unable to move any parts of her body. Well, she could move her head, but Tristan had his jaws clamped on her neck, and… it looked painful.
“I yield,” she said with a groan. “I yield.” Tristan withdrew his fangs from her neck and released her with a growl. She jumped to her feet, blood dripping down her neck from the angry-looking four punctured wounds. I winced. Tristan eyed her neck for a moment, before leaning in and swiping his tongue over the wounds, closing them. He gave her shoulder a squeeze and stepped off the mat. He came over to us and arched an eyebrow in question.
“An hour reprieve,” Sven called out to them, and I could’ve sworn that some of them looked relieved. After a couple of minutes, the room was cleared of everyone except for me, Sven, and Tristan. Still interested? Sven drawled into my mind and removed his hands from my shoulders. I shrugged. Tristan rolled his eyes and scowled at me. Muttering something I couldn’t make out under his breath, he walked over to a table and grabbed a water bottle. Twisting off the cap, he drained it. Tossing the plastic bottle into the trash, he came back to us and looked at me thoughtfully. I looked back at him nervously and waited. For once, I held my tongue. Trust me, it was hard. He and Sven looked at each other, and I scowled at them. Tristan nodded, before teleporting away. Sven harrumphed and gestured for me to follow. I did, and he led me back to his office. “Here,” he said and opened a small glass case beside his desk. The rectangular case sat on a small table, and in comparison, the table looked like the kind you would buy from a scrap yard or something. He removed the dark blue-bound book and handed it to me. I took it and grunted at the weight of it. The book had to be like a foot thick. I was a little afraid to open it. “Get together with the others and have some fun reading through that.”
“What is this?” I asked and glanced down at the blank cover.
“Your guide to…” he paused. “Becoming a hunter,” he finished dryly.
“Okay,” I said slowly and shrugged. I tucked the book under my arm and turned to the door.
“One more thing,” Sven said, and I could feel his glare on the back of my head. “Do not lose it, and do not leave it lying around where anyone can take it.” I nodded and stepped from the office.
On sublevel twelve, I walked down one of the halls and into my apartment. Dropping the book onto the table, I flopped onto the couch and let out a heavy sigh. Oh, we can’t have any of that, an amused female voice drawled into my head. I jumped to my feet and let out a shriek that could probably be heard halfway around the world. A couple of minutes later, my apartment were full of vampires. They looked at me, and then looked around in confusion. “Get out,” Tristan snarled as he, Ari, Sven, Rory, and Freya pushed their way through the door. When they didn’t move fast enough, the air around me grew charged, so charged that my ears popped. A split second later, they went poof as Freya teleported them. I dropped back onto the couch and resisted the urge to claw my head open.
“Okay,” Ari said heavily. “Tell us why you just blew our eardrums out.” For an answer, I punched myself in the head. Repeatedly. Tristan caught my wrist before I could hit myself for the twentieth time. Sven snatched up his book and teleported it to safety as Freya flashed to my side. Tell Freya I said hello, Roxana purred. What do you want? I silently asked her. Well, the devil drawled. I’m attempting to stop what you’re trying to do. She paused. Well, not you, but you know what I mean. Why me, then? I asked as a chill skittered down my spine. I’m poking holes in Tristan’s mind and heart. She chuckled. And besides, what kind of devil would I be if I just idly sit around while my children try to kill me? I gulped.
“Now then,” she said happily as she appeared in front of me. She sat on my table and looked at us with a smirk. I swear Tristan was going to choke the shit out of her when she appeared. He uh… wisely refrained himself. Ari’s hand on his arm might have something to do with that, too. Freya, on the other hand, launched herself at the devil. Before she could do more than grab Roxana, Rory tackled her to the floor. She growled and snarled, and the devil just watched her, amused. “What’s with the drama?”
“Drama?” I screeched and glared at her. Too bad I couldn’t shoot laser beams from my eyes. Before I could do anything that I’d regret, Tristan’s hands came down on my shoulders. I stiffened, shuddering as his energy shot through me from the contact. Roxana sighed and rolled her eyes. A second later, a strangled sound escaped me as my insides felt like they were squeezing in on themselves. Oh, I thought vaguely. This wasn’t good. Tristan growled low in his throat, and if I wasn’t busy trying not to die, I would’ve been across the room, away from him in a heartbeat. “Good,” the devil said dryly. “I hate to kill her. So soon, too.” The agonizing pain was suddenly gone, and I took in a lungful of air, gasping as I continued to glare at her. From the floor, Freya continued to growl. She was no longer fighting Rory, however, and I took that as a good sign. “So, who is in charge of this… plan to get rid of me, hmm?” She glanced at Tristan and smirked. “Is it you?” She scowled at him. “Hmm…” Tristan dropped his hands from me and just stared at her. Silent. She sighed. “You do know that I can easily pluck the answer from your head, right?”
“That would be me,” Jailyn said as she appeared in the open doorway. “I’m going to find a way to boot your ass into the ether.”
“Oh, the sentiment!” Roxana exclaimed and all but bounced to her feet. “I can just! Feel it! All the love! One. Big. Happy. Family,” she finished with a contented sigh. A dagger was suddenly sticking out the side of her neck, and I didn’t even see who threw the damn thing. Roxana blinked and slowly reached up. “Ow?” she said, and it sounded more like a question than a casual statement. She wrapped her hand around the hilt and pulled it free. Dark, dark red blood flew into the air and splattered on her, me, and the floor. “Now, that wasn’t nice.” She pouted and rubbed at her neck.
“It’s only fair,” Ari said casually. “You crushed the bones in my neck.”
“Touchy. Touchy.” The devil sighed and shook herself. “Okay, I won’t hold that against you.”
“Very much appreciated,” Ari said dryly and hopped the two steps leading up to the door that led out into the hall. “Why are you here again?”
“Just to deliver one thing.”
“That is?” she asked slowly, hesitantly.
“This.” Without warning, Roxana’s hand shot out and grabbed my wrist. I let out a gasp as burning pain shot from my inner wrist and up my arm.
“Fuuuuck!” I yelled and yanked my arm back. Tristan, Jailyn, Freya, and Ari screaming in rage simultaneously made my ears pop. Hot blood trickled down the sides of my neck, and I gaped as Roxana was sent flying. The devil snarled as necromantic magic slammed into her. She let out a yelp of pain a second later, but I knew for a fact that it wasn’t because of the magic. That shit didn’t hurt her. I glanced at Tristan and jumped on him, knocking him to the floor. He grunted, growling as I looked over my shoulder at the others. Casiar, Jesric, Kindri, violet, Slade, Skyler, and Brianna had joined the party, and I watched as the six necromancers chanted something that sounded like unintelligible words to me. Rory and Sven were sitting on Freya as she struggled to break Sven’s hold on her. Ari let out a heavy sigh and came over to me. Roxana has a mate, she said into my mind. Freya is hurting Alecta. I turned to her and blinked as she lowered herself to the floor. Roxana let out a furious snarl as more necromancers along with witches added their power to the chant. I had no idea how many people were out in the hall, but from what I could hear, there were more than a dozen of them. A swirling vortex opened up above Roxana, and I gaped as an invisible force lifted her up and all but sucked her through it.
“Stop!” Tristan snarled, and Freya let out a yelp as blood trickled from her eyes. She growled, but nodded, even as she bared her fangs at him. “how long?” Tristan growled and sat up, his arms going around me.
“A few days,” Jailyn said and waved away the others trying to get through the door. “If we’re lucky, forever.”
I snorted. “We’re never that lucky.”
She sighed. “You’re right. She’ll be back in a week or so.”
“Where did you send her?”
“Her favorite place, the void.”
“And she can’t get out, because…?”
“She has to break the barrier to return.”
“Oh.”
“And we need more power in order to keep that barrier up indefinitely.”
“Which we don’t have,” I said and scowled.
“Which we don’t have,” she confirmed and walked over. “Now, let me see your arm.” Tristan let out a grunt, cursing as his blood scented the air. I turned my attention back to him and scowled as blood poured from his nose. He removed his arms from around me and pressed his fingers into his temples.
“You’re not going to puke on me, are you?” I asked and quickly moved away from him. He growled and caught the washcloth that I grabbed from the table and threw at him. Glaring at me, he wiped away the blood and took a second clean one from Ari. Tilting his head back, he held it to his nose. “How bad?” For an answer, I got another growl. “I’ll… take that as really bad,” I said dryly and got to my feet. His hand shot out and grabbed my wrist, pulling me back against him. He dropped the bloody cloth on the table and turned my arm, until he could see the sacrificial mark of a black skull with white eyes surrounded by blue flames on my inner wrist.
“Get. Off,” Freya growled and drove an elbow into Sven’s side.
“You’re not going to blow up the entire compound?” Sven asked and smirked as he and Rory released her. She let out a very aggravated growl and flashed to her feet.
“Everyone’s gone,” Brynna said from the doorway before stepping inside. I gaped at her, because she was holding a squirming, cooing Nova in her arms.
“Did you kill any of them?” Ari asked and chuckled.
“No,” the huntress growled and glared down at Nova. “This little spawn of a thing brought down my threat level to minus a million. Let me tell you, I do not appreciate it.” Scowling, she held out Nova to Ari.
“You can hold her for a little longer.” I snickered, because Brynna looked like she really wanted to strangle her. Jailyn rolled her eyes, sighing as she took the infant and patted her on the head. In response, the evil baby let out an ear-piercing squeal, followed by a stream of red fire. Jailyn yelped, almost dropping her as she avoided it.
“Hellfire?” the necromancer spluttered.
“Huh,” Ari said casually and blinked at her. “I thought it was just regular fire.”
“Ariella!” Jailyn exclaimed. “When were you going to tell us?”
“Um…” Looking exasperated, the necromancer glanced down at my arm and growled. Ari nodded rapidly and pointed to the mark on my arm. “So, how are we going to remove that?” Jailyn glared at her, before turning that glare on Nova, who had dug her tiny claws into her hand. A second later, they vanished, leaving her fingers bloody. Nova took a quick breath in and out, before sticking her hand into her mouth. Shaking her head, Jailyn glanced back at my arm and scowled.
“That’s a good question,” she finally said and nodded to Tristan.
“Wait,” I said quickly and tried to pull away from him. “What are you going to do?”
“What he does best,” Ari said and smirked. “Besides, he could use it.”
“Oh, no.” Tristan released my arm, but since he was still holding onto me, it didn’t help. Digging his fingers into my hair, he pulled my head back, until I was looking up at the ceiling. I began punching him, squirming and cursing at him. A sharp, burning pain shot through me a second later, and I gasped as I felt hot blood trickling from the wound. Tristan caught a drop of it with his tongue, and I rolled away from him as he released me.
“You feel like you’re going to die?” Casiar drawled. “If so, I’ll start cheering. Wait, wait, wait… I don’t mean that.” I looked up to find Ari pointing a blade at him, and Jailyn walking toward him.
“No, no,” Jailyn said and smiled. “You did mean it.” Still smiling, she drove a fist into his stomach, doubling him over. He caught Ari’s arm before she could stab him. Tristan let out a heavy sigh and rolled his eyes. Sven, Rory, and Freya watched them in amusement. Brianna and Skyler were snickering, and Brynna was just… scowling at all of us. Casiar straightened, and we watched as he fought Ari for the blade.
“Ah, guys?” I said a couple of minutes later. “Can we get back to this thing on me? I thought you guys were pissed off.”
“Oh,” Brynna said casually. “We are.” I sucked in a sharp breath as her eyes flashed white.
“Oh…” I gulped.
“We just don’t want to bring down the entire building,” she half growled, half hissed. I nodded rapidly and eyed the opened door. Casiar grunted and released his hold on Ari’s weapon. He took a step back and inclined his head.
“I will see,” Freya said slowly. “What I can come up with.” She flashed over to me and pulled me to my feet. “In the meantime…” She muttered something under her breath, and I shuddered as her magic washed over me.
“What was that?”
“I have concealed the mark from everyone else except from those present here.”
I nodded. “Thanks?” I said uncertainly. She smiled, and it wasn’t a friendly one. “Are you going to kill me now? Because, if you are, I’d like a head start in running away.”
“No,” she said slowly and took a couple of steps away from me. “I have an idea,” she finished ominously and was gone.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-two

ARI

“So…” I said slowly and leaned against the wall that was behind me. “Are you going to call a blood hunt for suspected…” I scowled. “Helpers?” Tristan, who was murdering the keyboard as he typed away, growled. I took that as a yes and smirked as I nodded to myself. There was nothing funny about the matter, but it was either be amuse or slaughter everyone around you. It was the next night after Kira had been marked for death. He was so enraged that blood poured from his eyes, ears, and nose as he held himself back. To be honest, I think he lost a few more brain cells in the process. There was a knock at the door, and it opened a second later to reveal Brynna. Tristan paused in his slaughter of the keyboard and turned to her.
“Come here,” he growled as he eyed her thoughtfully. Looking a little nervous, she slowly approached him and inclined her head in question. Tristan reached out and yanked her to him, flashing his fangs before burying them deep into her neck. She yelled in pain, cursing as she struggled against him.
“What the fuck?” she asked a long minute later, sounding confused as she went limp in his arms. Tristan reluctantly pulled back, growling under his breath as he peered down at her. Brynna blinked up at him, looking dazed. “Okay, what the fuck did you do?” she asked, panting. He sighed and pressed his wrist to her mouth. Without prompting, she sank her fangs in deep and pulled hard. After a few more pulls, she shuddered and withdrew her fangs. “Shit,” she breathed and pushed away from him. “Official?” she asked and pointed to the computer.
“Yes,” Tristan growled and leaned back in his chair. “Take Raina with you.”
She nodded and rubbed at her neck. “How long will it last?”
“Hmm,” he said thoughtfully. “A couple of weeks.”
Brynna nodded and smirked evilly. “Did Raina get an upgrade as well?”
“Yes.”
“Who else?”
“Cole, Eveleigh, the children.”
“Children?”
“The ones who are able to wield magic.”
“Ah.”
“Will Kira be joining us?”
He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Yeah, she will.” Brynna groaned, and I held back a smile. “She gave me her word that she’ll follow orders.” He scowled. “And I’ll be watching.”
“The others will be, too,” I said helpfully. “It’s also a field test for the new hunters.”
“Oh,” Brynna said and nodded. “Just the hunters?”
“No, all of them. That’s why Sven, I, Raina, and Tryn will be participating. Though, if things go well, the newbies will be doing most of the work.”
“Got it.” She glanced at me and smirked. “Did you get an upgrade?”
I arched an eyebrow. “Nope.” She snorted, and then chuckled as I willed myself not to squirm under Tristan’s intense stare. “Right,” she said dryly. “You’re maxed out.” She walked to the door and stepped out into the hall. “Anything else?”
“See Freya.” Before I could follow her, Tristan was suddenly in front of me, and… he was glaring at me.
“What?” I asked innocently and wrapped my arms around him.
“I’m going to murder you one day,” he growled.
“Kinky.” Still growling, he nuzzled me. I sighed and pulled him close. “Well, I better go find Skyler.” Giving him a squeeze, I reluctantly dropped my arms from him.
“At least she listens to you,” he muttered and stepped back.
“Most of the time,” I said and exited his office. He harrumphed and closed the door behind me.
“Sky?” I said and knocked on her bedroom door.
“Come in.” I entered and blinked at the pile of books on her bed. “Spellbooks.”
“I see your studies are going well.”
She nodded. “They are.”
“What magic are you apprenticed in?”
“So far? The four basic elements. Oh, also rune.” I nodded and frowned as she gave me a cautious look. “I want to learn blood, void, and all that, but…”
“I… see.” I walked over and sat on the foot of her bed. “I’m… fine with you learning blood magic,” I said slowly. “I don’t know anything about void magic, however.” She nodded. “But, if you really want to, let that be your last on the list.” She again nodded. “If Freya and Breelyn are okay with teaching you, I’ll be okay with it.” I scowled at her. “Eventually.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” she said and chuckled.
“Where is Nova?”
“Corinne has her. She’s with Sarisa and Astrid.”
I nodded. “Are… are you ready for what’s to come?”
She took in a deep breath and closed the book she was reading. “I am,” she said and placed it on top of the pile. She picked up the entire stack and moved it to her desk. “I can’t wait to stab things, but I really don’t like the reasoning behind it.” I winced. “We’re bouncing ideas off Jailyn and Freya.” She sighed. “No luck so far. I tried to get Freya to spill her idea, but… she’s not budging.”
“Hmm. I’m curious, now.” I smirked. “Did you try to read her?”
“Ari!” she exclaimed. “You taught me better than that. Besides, I doubt that I can do it without her noticing.” I chuckled and got to my feet. I walked over to her and led her from the room.
“You have your weapons on you?”
“Yep.”
“Down a couple bags of blood, then we’ll meet up with Brynna and the others.” Pulling away from me, Skyler walked into the kitchen and straight for the refrigerator.
“This will be an ongoing thing, right?”
“Mmhmm,” I said. “Until this thing with Roxana is over.”
“Did Tristan sign off on it?”
“He did.”
“Sweet.” I looked around and inhaled deeply.
“Where did Amaris go?”
“She went for a run. She’ll be back in…” she paused. “Like a few minutes. Aisley is with her.” She came out of the kitchen and was at my side in a blink. I took the hot bag of blood from her and bit into it. “So, what else can Nova do? Other than flying and breathing hellfire.” I shrugged and quickly drained the blood. Pulling the empty bag from my fangs, I crumbled it into a ball and tossed it into the trash that was beside the table.
“Not sure,” I said and held out my hand to her. “We’ll find out as she gets older.” She took my hand, and I tightened my grip around hers as I teleported.
Brynna and Raina looked up as we appeared in the surrounding trees with them. I dropped Skyler’s hand and looked around. “Where is Kira?” she asked and peered between the branches. Raina pointed up and shrugged. “The hell is she doing up there?”
“Who knows?” Brynna asked dryly. “She’s Kira.”
“Guys!’ Kira exclaimed in a furious whisper. “I can hear you, you know?”
“We know,” I said and grabbed the branch that she was sitting on. She let out a startled squeak as I shook it.
“Ari!” Chuckling, I dropped my hand and stepped from the trees. Glancing up at the night sky, I stared at the moon and wondered if it was going to turn the color of blood. After a moment, I took in a deep breath and held it as I slowly looked around.
“Okay,” I said and nodded to Raina. Brynna had disappeared half a minute ago, taking Kira with her. “Where’s your little watcher?”
“A few miles back,” said Raina. “Where is yours?”
“My little spy is currently sneaking around to see if she can catch some things of interest.”
“Good luck.”
“Same to you.” Raina inclined her head and vanished into the shadows. “Hmm,” I said on a sharp exhalation. “Let’s see what I can find.”
An hour or so later, I came upon a couple of rogues. Wooooo, I thought happily and casually walked up to them. Since I was dressed in casual blue jeans and pale pink sweater over a white T-shirt, I looked nothing like a spy, or a hunter, or anything for that matter. I was just a lone vampire civilian walking the streets. I even had my aura cloaked to the point of a young vampire. Too bad I didn’t look or smell like a rogue myself. Oh well, I thought and came to a stop as they approached me. After a few seconds, I turned and walked into an alley, knowing full well that they would follow. Sure enough, they did. “Good night?” I asked conversationally and turned to them. They nodded as one of them reached out to touch my hair. “Where you headed?” I asked and eyed them suspiciously.
“Nowhere, really,” the shorter of the two said and shrugged.
“Hunting?” I arched an eyebrow as the speck of dried blood on his bottom lip.
“Yeah. Why? You want to join?”
“No, but thank you for asking. I have a question for you, however.” The other rogue, who was looking around, snapped his attention to me and took a step closer.
“Something doesn’t feel right,” he growled to his partner. No, I thought and inwardly smiled. No shit, really? What gave it away.
“Meaning?” the first rogue asked with a scowl and pulled out… something.
“What you got there?” I asked and eyed his hand. There was a flash of silver as he blurred into motion. I grabbed his partner and spun him around, using him as a shield. Sadly, the black-tipped needle stopped an inch from stabbing into his neck. Growling, I threw my rogue at him and watched as they went down. I withdrew my blade and drove it into the second rogue’s back. Claws extended from my fingertips, and I grabbed him around the neck. I dug my fingers in deep and pulled his head from his shoulders, showering his partner in blood.
“Can I have the other one?” Vaelin asked as she let go of the wall and dropped to the dirty ground in a silent crouch.
“Sure,” I said and smirked. “Be careful of the demon blood-tipped needle.”
“Got it,” she said as I retrieved my blade. I wiped the blood off on the dead rogue’s pants before sheathing it.
“Following me, are you?” I mused and launched myself into the sky.
“Nope,” Vaelin said and waved her blood-drenched dagger at me as I flew away.
A few minutes later, I landed on the roof of an apartment complex with a loud thud. I could scent more than half a dozen rogues inside. A couple of blocks away, six new hunters silently made their way toward my direction. Standing beside one of the doors leading into an empty apartment was a watcher and a couple of spies. I had no idea if I should be afraid or not. Hell, the field test was every year, and I still wasn’t used to the feeling of nervous tingles in my stomach. It was also hard to just watch from afar and not jump in at every little trouble. I could sense Sven and Freya somewhere in the distance, also watching. With a sigh, I pulled out a plain-looking silver ring with a small white gem embedded in it and slipped it onto one of my fingers. Magic washed over me, and I looked down at myself to find that I had vanished. I just hoped that there weren’t any witches nearby. Ring of invisibility, I thought, amused. At least Natalia wasn’t around. She would’ve asked Freya for a cloak. Fucking Potterheads, I silently muttered to myself and stepped off the roof.

KIRA

The witch, who was telekinetically holding me by the throat and several inches off the ground, spun me about and slammed me face first into the side of the building. “Fuck!” I growled and grunted as he slammed my face into it for the second time. When he did it for a third and a fourth, I mentally reached out and smacked him upside the head. It was hard enough that he released me. I hit the ground, landing in a heap before I rolled over and glared up at him. “You’re an ass, you know that?”
“Why were you following me?” he snapped and pushed his shoulder-length, pale brown hair from his face.
“I was not,” I said indignantly and got to my feet. He scowled at me and shoved his hands into his pockets. “I was following the rogue that you were following. By the way, thanks for making me lose him.” I wiped blood from my face and scowled. “Why were you following him, anyways?”
He shrugged. “I wanted to see where he was going.”
“Uh huh,” I said and narrowed my eyes at him. Before I could do or say more, I felt a sharp burning pain as someone drove a knife into my back. At the same time, the fucking witch muttered a spell under his breath. Why? I thought to myself as agony exploded in my head. Why me? I hit the ground screaming. Silently, I cursed the universe and fought not to pass out. “Fuck!” I snarled as the pain in my head increase and my vision darkened. Sucking in a deep breath and ignoring the agony that I was in, I flashed to my feet and launched myself at the witch. I could’ve sworn I heard the blood vessels popping as I grabbed him and snapped his neck. The pain in my head was suddenly gone, but I could still feel the residual effect of the spell. My brain felt like it was quivering in my skull as I turned to the rogue. “That!” I exclaimed, panting as I reached for the blade in my back. “Fucking! Hurt!”
“Impressive,” Brynna said and rested a cool hand on my arm. “Let me.” The rogue suddenly lunged for me, only to get blindsided by a ball of orange flame to the face.
“What the?” I spluttered as another fireball came out of nowhere and hit the screaming rogue in the stomach.
“Peyton,” Brynna said with a smirk, and I yelled as she yanked out the knife.
“And me,” Brianna said as she came up to us.
“And Brianna,” Brynna muttered under her breath.
“Where the fuck were you all when I was getting my brain melted?” I asked and scowled at them.
“Watching you from a few blocks back.” She shrugged. “It was amusing.”
“Oh, my god,” I growled. “Fuck you. Just. Fuck you.” She grinned and walked over to the rogue. Brynna stomped down on his head. Repeatedly.
“Fuck,” she said with a groan. “This feels good.” She stopped and looked down at her handywork. “Hmm. I think he’s dead.”
“No shit,” I said and winced. “You flattened his head like a pancake.”
She nodded vigorously. “Uh huh, and I’m just getting started,” she finished as Peyton and…
“Donnica!” I exclaimed and just stared at her. “What the fuck are you doing here?”
“Well, hi to you, too,” the protector said and crossed her arms. “Did you miss the memo?”
“She’s here because of me,” said Peyton. “She’s babysitting us.”
“Huh,” I said and grunted.
“Humph,” Donnica said and glowered at the witch. “You may be like, twenty years old, but to me, you’re still two.”
“Can we reminisce later?” Brynna asked and looked around. “I have a bowling game to get to, you know?”
I snorted. “Just remember to capture some of them alive for questioning later.”
“Yeah yeah.” She glared at me. “Unlike someone I know, I got the memo.” She ran her hands through her black and pink-streaked hair as she casually walked away.
“Bye to you, too,” I muttered and launched myself into the sky, Brianna and Donnica carrying Peyton following in my wake.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-three

SKYLER

Jordana looked at me, as if I was talking in tongues. We were standing in front of a closed movie theater, and I was trying to explain—gently—why she couldn’t eat the lone witch who was inside with a couple of rogue vampires and a rogue shifter. I rolled my eyes and shook my head at her. Jordana harrumphed and glared up at the slowly brightening horizon. With a shrug, she walked to the door and opened it. I followed her inside and blinked at the very dead human near one of the concession stands. Blood was everywhere, and I sighed as I pulled out my phone. “Well,” Jordana said and walked around it. She stopped and bent down, pressing two fingers to his neck. “Yep, he’s dead.” She scowled. “Or… he better be.” Before I could stop her, she tore off his head.
“Dana!” I exclaimed.
“What?” she asked innocently and began to juggle the head.
“Dana, put that down,” I spluttered and slipped the phone back into my pocket. She growled, glaring at me as she tossed the head across the lobby.
“Fine,” she said with a grumbling sigh. “Let’s go.” I silently called out to one of the cleanup crew as I followed her down one of the hallways and into one of the darkened auditoriums. The only light came from the projector at the front of the room. The witch, the two vampires, and the shifter sat in the first row, hissing furiously at each other. The conversation cut off abruptly as we walked down the carpeted ramp toward them. They stared at us, and Jordana stiffened at the feel of magic washing over us. A low, warning growl escaped her, and I tensed as the witch raised her hands. Before she could cast a spell, Jordana’s hand shot out. A dagger flew through the air and struck the witch in the neck, killing her instantly. She was on her before the body even hit the floor. With a snarl, she tore off the witch’s head and threw it at the shifter, who was in the middle of shifting into some kind of bird. I just stood there and watched her. To be honest, watching Jordana kill was… very entertaining, especially when she had free rein to kill things. I sat in one of the aisle seats and leaned back, wishing I had popcorn with me. “Don’t forget to keep one of them alive,” I said to her as she and one of the rogues slammed into each other. I withdrew one of my daggers and sent it flying. It struck the shifter in the shoulder as he was getting up. “Stay down, boy,” I said and smirked as he got back up with a furious snarl. Nobody liked to be called “boy” or “girl”, but it was a little satisfying when it wasn’t aimed at you. The shifter pulled the dagger free and threw it at the projecting screen. There was a split second of static before it went dark.
“Tell,” Jordana growled and punched the rogue in the face. “Me.” Punch. “Who.” Headbutt. “You.” Punch. “Work.” Knee to the groin. “For!” A series of blows too fast for the poor rogue to keep up with. Snarling, he heaved himself upward and threw her across the room. She crashed into the wall with a grunt of pain. I turned to the second rogue and arched an eyebrow at her.
“You just gonna stand there?” I asked and telekinetically lifted the shifter several feet into the air. I slammed him into the wall and bashed his head repeatedly against it. My rogue shrugged and took a step back. She glanced around and pulled out a blade. It was… a very familiar blade. It was black, and the blade itself was thin and extremely sharp. She pulled out something else, and I got a glimpse of something silver before she made both weapons disappear. She tossed a coin at me, and I reflexively caught it. I stared at it and realized that it was actually a summoning coin. “Well,” I said slowly. “Fuck me sideways.”
“Not my type,” the demon growled, and I shuddered as she gave me an evil smile.
“How long have you…?” I vaguely waved my hand around the auditorium.
“A month and a half.” I nodded and returned my attention to the shifter, who was snarling and cursing me out in several languages.
“You want this back?” I asked and held out the coin. She plucked it from my fingers and also turned her attention to the shifter.
“You going to kill him?” she asked. “Or continue to play reverse paddle-ball?”
I shrugged. “You can have him,” I said and released my hold on him. Before he could hit the floor in a heap, the demon was on him in the blink of an eye. She opened her mouth wide—wider than normal—and bit into his neck with a snarl. She chewed through flesh, muscles and bones. At the sound of crunching, both Jordana and the rogue turned.
“Oh,” Jordana said happily. “What is this?” she asked as the trachea disappeared into the demon’s mouth.
“Breakfast?” I said with a shrug.
“Well,” she said slowly, thoughtfully. “In that case…” She spun back to the rogue and decapitated him with a god forsaken sword. It appeared in her hand a split second before it made contact with his neck. It was the same sword that she drove into Tristan’s side about three, four years ago. She caught the head by its hair as the sword vanished. It was there and gone, a heartbeat before one of her sires appeared. Liana let out an exasperated sigh and muttered something under her breath as she looked around. Jordana seemed not to notice as she smashed the head against one of the seats. For once, her sire didn’t stop her as she began to eat the brain that leaked from the crack she’d made. I got up and walked to pick up the fallen daggers. I handed the extra ones to Liana, and after wiping most of the blood off my own weapon with the hem of my shirt, sheathed it. Jordana let out a sigh of satisfaction as she finished off the second head. She caught the last one that the daemon threw at her and grinned, baring her bloody fangs. At least there were no chunks of brain, I silently muttered to myself as she quickly devoured the witch. When she was done, she turned and walked to the double doors that led back out into the hall and lobby. “Oooooo,” she said happily to herself. “Pretty colors. Preeeeetty, preeeetty colors.” The demon nodded to Liana, and I shuddered as she picked up an eyeball and popped it into her mouth.
“You two go on. I’ll clean up here.” Liana nodded and rested a hand on my lower back, giving me a gentle push. I looked back at the daemon, in time to see her crunch down on what looked like a part of a skull.
“That is just…” I spluttered and scowled at her.
“It’s very crunchy,” she said and smiled. “Want a bite?”
“I do not.”
“Hmm, more for me, then.” She gave me a wave as I made my way to the doors. “See you soon, Skyler.” Shaking my head, I pushed open the door and stepped out. Jordana was waiting for us, nearly bouncing off the wall that she was leaning against.
“Took you guys long enough,” she sang and ran down the hall. Actually, she was more skipping than running. All the while, excited squeals and mutterings came from her.
“All is clear out here,” one of the cleanup crew said to Liana as we walked to the doors that led outside.
“Good,” Liana said and inclined her head to him. “Make sure the media do not get a hold of what is going on.”
“Got it,” he said and gestured to Bridget, who was standing by the drinks and talking to Hannah as she made herself a cup of Dr. Pepper.
“Hannah,” I called out to her. “My place in five?” She looked up and nodded to me.
“That just sound so wrong,” Liana muttered as we exited the theater.
“Hey!” I exclaimed as her hand moved to my upper arm. “Get your mind out of the gutter!” She chuckled and snaked an arm around Jordana, pulling her to a stop. “You guys are… Oh, never mind.” Grumbling, I let Liana pull me to the side of the building. “Who was that, anyways?” I asked. “The demon who looks a lot like a rogue vamp, I mean.”
“Oh, you don’t need to concern your little head about that.”
I scowled. “Do I know her?”
“Perhaps, or perhaps not.”
“Liana,” I said, exasperated.
She smirked. “You’ll find out. Soon enough.”
“Jordana, do you know?”
“No,” Jordana replied, looking anywhere but straight ahead. Liana ruffled my hair as she pulled us into darkness.
At nightfall, I found myself standing on Freya’s doorstep. I pushed open the door, and before I could step through it, Rory’s arm came around me. He pulled me back against him, and I tilted my head back to look at him. “What?” I asked and shuddered as his aura washed over me.
“You feel like exploding?” he growled and lifted me off my feet.
“Hey,” I spluttered as he stepped inside. I let out a yelp as a sharp pain shot through my head. “Ow!” I exclaimed and struggled uselessly against Rory as he carried me into the living room. Ari, who was sitting on the couch looking way too comfortable, arched an eyebrow as he set me back on my feet. “Some sire you are,” I said to her.
“What?” she asked and crossed her arms. “You weren’t dying.”
“Ari!” I exclaimed and resisted the urge to stomp my feet like a three-year-old. Dropping her arms, she sat up and rolled her eyes.
“Oh, come here, you baby.”
“I’m not a—” I let out a startled squeak as an invisible force yanked me across the room. She caught me before I could fall on her.
“Now,” she said and held me close. “Would you like a cookie?”
“Yes,” Kira said, followed by a slapping sound. “Ow!” I looked around and found her rubbing at her arm. Beside her, Corinne was smirking and rubbing her own hands together. “You slap like a—”
“Ryah, Peyton, and Ashley are outside,” Tristan growled, cutting her off. Kira snapped her mouth shut and glared at the redhead. Tristan, who was standing by the door that led down to the lab, came over and sat down beside Ari. On her other side, Amaris slept, curled up into a ball in her wolf form. I resisted the urge to pet her like… well, like a puppy. I was more likely to lose my hand than get a happy lick for the effort. Rory appeared in the middle of the living room with three witches holding onto him like he was a lifeline. After another second, they sprang away from him like he was going to bite them. After all, he did looked like he was going to attack the nearest person to him. I was surprised that he hadn’t done so already. Brianna, Jane, Lily, and their brothers were also there, along with Brynna, Natalia, Nolita, Aisley, Elijah, Evelyn, Sergei, Sarisa, Sven, Liana, Jordana, Eveleigh, Braden, Jailyn, Casiar, Cazaron, Jesric, Violet, Trynnadon, and Donnica. To put it simply, there were a lot of vampires and witches around. Some of them were in the kitchen, hallways, or on the second floor peering over the railing. Tristan looked like he was in pain, and only Ari’s arm around his shoulders kept him from attacking. It probably also had to do with the magical red and silver cuff that was around his left wrist. From the coolness I could feel against my skin. It had a touch of necromancy to whatever spell it was.
“Where is Freya?” I asked and looked around for her.
“On her way up,” Rory said under his breath and came to stand beside Sven, who looked like he was having a mental battle with someone. With like thirty of us under one roof, it was surprisingly not loud with conversations. Freya appeared a couple of minutes later, all but dragging the cursing witch into the living room behind her.
“Let me go, you bitch,” the witch hissed and glared around the room.
“Hey,” I said indignantly. “Who you calling a bitch?”
“Right?” Kira exclaimed.
“Release me at once!”
“Oh, I will,” Freya said calmly and tossed her onto the floor. “Once you have answered me to my satisfaction.”
“I’ve told you everything.”
“Have you?” The few conversations going on stopped as everyone turned their attention to what was happening. Amaris’ ears twitched, but other than that, she remained still. Though her eyes were still closed, most of us knew that she was awake. “The only thing you have told me so far,” Freya continued and held up a hand to stop Jordana, who had taken a few steps toward the witch. “Is that you are working with a necromancer.” She crouched beside the witch and stared at her. “There is more to that,” she finished in almost a whisper. Ari’s arm tightened around me as a shudder ran through me. I pushed myself into a sitting position and turned, until I could see everything.
“I’ll not tell you what coven I belong to,” the witch snapped and sat up. She glared at Freya and bared her teeth. “What have you done to me?”
Freya chuckled and stood. “Do you really need to ask?” She smiled. “You know full well of what I have done.”
“Give it back,” she growled.
“Oh, I think not,” Freya drawled, looking amused.
“My coven will find me, you know?”
“I know. In fact, they are here. They have been here for the past half hour.” The witch blinked.
“The elder is moving,” Nolita called from somewhere upstairs. The witch took in a deep breath to scream or call out, but a warning growl and the oppressive weight of Tristan’s energy slamming into us froze her to the spot. Behind me, Ari stiffened, and Kira—as well as Corinne—let out a gasp and shuddered.
“Ooo,” Jordana said, a little too excited for my liking. “Twissy Twisty Twistan is mad,” she sang and snickered.
“Jordana,” Tristan growled as everybody—including me—winced. “One more time,” he warned. Liana placed a hand on her child’s shoulder, shutting her up before she got all of us killed. Jordana harrumphed and pouted, turning to glare at the witch.
“They’re holding hands!” Jane yelled from the kitchen. “Chanting!”
“Jane,” Rory said with a sigh. “We can hear you even if you had whispered it.”
“It’s for dramatic effect.”
“More like blowing out my eardrums,” he muttered under his breath.
“Huh?”
“Nothing, sweetheart. Come away from the windows.”
“Um… I’ll, uh… just stay here. Tristan’s creepy-meter is too much. It makes my stomach hurt.” Jane appeared in the archway, looking thoughtful as she rubbed furiously at her stomach. “On second thought…” She ran up the stairs and disappeared down the hall. After a few seconds, Lily ran after her.
“Now,” Freya said slowly. “Where were we?” She smiled as the house began to shake. I jumped to my feet, only to have Ari grab the back of my shirt.
“What are you doing?” my sire asked as I turned to her.
“Going to pop the leader’s head from his shoulders?” She glanced at Tristan, who looked about ready to kill someone. Ari elbowed him, until he tore his gaze from the captive and growled at her.
“Oh, stop that.” Unsurprisingly, he didn’t. Continuing to growl under his breath, he looked at me and inclined his head. Ari poked him in the side, and he caught the finger before she could pull back. With a scowl, he nodded.
“What?” I asked and looked at them both suspiciously. Tristan’s white eyes bored into mine, and before I could look away, a twinge of pain shot through my head. Fight me as if your life depends on it, he growled into my mind. The minor pain slowly, but steadily increased as I took in a deep breath. I couldn’t even break eye contact even if I wanted to. Remember, no warning will be given. I gulped, and with another deep breath, I slammed back against him. It was like slamming face first into a brick wall while running at full speed. Stop, he growled, and I froze. Everything had faded into the background. Nothing existed except for me and Tristan. Your instinct is to pull back and repeat what you just did. Like breaking down a door. I mentally nodded. In this case, I advised against it. I again nodded. I’m going to weaken my shield to that of… an inexperienced young vampire. Your goal is to break it. I winced. I do not want to see what’s in your head, I silently said and shuddered. Tristan chuckled, and I again shuddered as a chill came over me. Not to worry. I can make you see what I want you to see. Besides, I gave Ari my word that I wouldn’t scar you for eternity. Oh, I said with a heavy, relieved sigh. What a relief. He growled. Just wait until I teach you mental combat. Then we’ll see just how relieved you are. I harrumphed and mentally prodded the barrier that he had up. “Ari, are you watching?” I asked out loud and tried to turn my head to look at her. My brain felt like it wanted to explode as I fought the compulsion… or whatever it was.
“Stop,” Ari said with a sigh. “You’ll only hurt yourself.”
“And you,” I pointed out.
“Okay, and me. Yes, I am watching and listening.” I mentally nodded and poked at Tristan’s mind.
“Wait,” I said and scowled. “Why can’t you teach me this?”
“I melt people’s brains, remember?”
“Oh, right. I forgot.”
“Now, stop talking and focus.” With that, I brushed up against Tristan’s mind and began to push.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-four

TRISTAN

I groaned as hot blood poured from the stab wound in my chest. It had been an hour since I’d put Skyler’s will to the test, and for a fledgling so young, she had a strong mind. With a deep sigh, I grabbed the hilt of the dagger and yanked it out. Smoke rose from the wound, and I inwardly winced as it slowly closed. The two witches blinked and took several steps back. “Not magical enough, it seems,” Hannah said and took a sip of her coffee. I eyed her thoughtfully and shook my head. Like all the others, she had come a long way from when I first met her.
“Can I choke the shit out of her?” Ryah asked from behind me.
“No need to ask,” Hannah said and smirked. “Just do it.” A second later, the witch who had stabbed me and was bitching about one thing or another, suddenly went silent and clutched at her throat. Her partner hissed and took a step forward. He suddenly went rigid, his eyes going wide. “Take another step,” Ashley warned. “And I’ll make a shadow wraith out of you.”
“Girls, girls,” Jailyn drawled, sounding very amused as she walked up to us. The witch, who was still trying to get much needed air to her lungs, finally collapsed to the ground. “Release her, Ryah.” With a grumble, the young human witch did as she was told and looked around. Jailyn pointed to the male witch and nodded to me. “You can have him.” Ashley sighed and reluctantly released him. The witch turned, letting out a yell as I grabbed him and yanked him against me.
“Not so fast,” I growled and bit hard into his neck. Hot sweet, sweet blood filled my mouth, and I swallowed, grunting as the witch fought furiously to break my hold. His screams were like a thousand knives, and I inwardly let out a sigh of relief when Jailyn stabbed a claw into his heart. After a moment, I pulled back and dropped the lifeless body.
“Feel better?” Ari asked and wrapped her arms around me from behind.
“Hardly,” I grumbled as Cazaron appeared at my side.
“Here,” he said and handed me a laptop, which had notepad up, and on it was a huge paragraph. Ari snickered, and I arched an eyebrow as I quickly read through it.
“Why is it in pink and bolded?” I asked and scowled.
“Jordana found it to be highly amusing to her.” Of course, she did, I silently thought and resisted the urge to find her and strangle her. I sighed. To be honest, Jordana was getting a little better with time. At least, her daily episodes were down to three times a week, instead of an episode or four each day. “I have it,” I growled, and Cazaron shut the laptop as he eyed the witch, who was having a yelling match with Jailyn. Well, the only one yelling was the witch. Jailyn, on the other hand, was getting softer and softer by the minute.
“Come, girls,” Cazaron said to Ryah and Ashley. “You don’t want to be here for this.” He smirked. “Trust me.” They grumbled and complained, but they followed him as he walked away. After a moment, Hannah reluctantly followed in their wake.
“I,” Ari said loudly. “Suggest that you answer her.”
“Fuck off,” the witch snapped and snarled at her. Letting out a heavy sigh of annoyance, Ari dropped her arms from me and unsheathed her blade. She drove it deep into the witch’s chest and smiled evilly as she let out a bloodcurdling scream.
“Another inch to the right and you’re dead,” Ari said sweetly as Jailyn caught the witch. The blood flowed into the air instead of hitting the ground, and I turned, following the direction of the stream to a five-gallon jug, which was in Freya’s arms. She smirked at me and shrugged. “Hmm, I take that back. You’re dead,” Ari said cheerfully and without warning, pulled out the blade. I quickly sidestepped as the blood arced through the air.
“Ari,” Jailyn said with a sigh and the roll of her eyes.
“What?” she asked innocently. “I didn’t do anything. If you want to blame someone, blame Freya. She’s the one doing the magic version of funneling blood.”
“Humph.” Jailyn dropped the drained witch and scowled. Sighing, she crouched and placed her hands on the witch’s head. “Why did Cazaron take the girls away again?” she asked no one in particular.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Ari drawled. “Maybe—fuck!” she exclaimed mid-sentence, gasping as white-hot agony slammed into her. My vision darkened for the briefest of seconds as the pain registered to me and almost forced me to the ground. I snarled and quickly blocked out her pain, grunting with the effort. I caught her in my arms before she could faceplant with the ground.
“No,” Jailyn said and groaned as she decapitated the witch. “No-no-no.”
“Sorry,” Ari said and moaned in pain. “I think my brain is melting.” Freya made her jug of blood vanish and came over with a glower. She placed a hand on top of Ari’s head and concentrated while I fought with myself. For one, there was no one to kill, and two, I didn’t want to be chained up. I peered down at Ari, who sounded like she was, well, dying.
“There is a coven of witches nearby,” Freya said after a minute and dropped her hand. “A necromancer, a couple of shifters, and a few vampires.”
“What are we waiting for?” Ari yelled, and I bared my fangs, snarling as her back arched, and blood poured from her eyes and ears. Nothing, I thought and teleported.

UNKNOWN WITCH

“Keep it up,” I called over the chant that was growing louder and louder by the second. I looked around the clearing and froze as I heard the sound of crunching bones.
“Sorry,” a tall, hooded figure rasped. He sounded so casual, as if he was talking to someone on the phone. He held up the bloody heart that he was holding and inclined his head. “I think you’re missing a member or two.”
“Who are you?” I hissed and took a step forward as the clearing went silent.
“Rory, and you are…?”
“None of your fucking business,” I snarled and casted a pain spell on him. Before the first syllable could form in my mind, cold hands wrapped around my neck and squeezed. I nearly blacked out from the shock, but before I could, Rory just as quickly released his hold from around my neck. As he did so, he grabbed my necklace and snapped it.
“You,” he said and looked me up and down. “My sweet witch, will stand there and look innocent.” From the shadows, someone snorted. Rory pulled down his hood and glared at someone I couldn’t see. “Round them up,” he said and turned back to me. “Are you the leader of this coven?”
“What’s it to you?” I gasped as I rubbed at my neck. The air around me grew charged, vibrating.
“Tonight is your lucky night,” he drawled as several figures appeared out of thin air and began attacking. He was a blur as he closed in on me. One second, I was on the ground, and the next, I found myself in his arms and several feet into the air. “We’re saving you for last,” he growled softly into my ear. I shuddered as a cold band of steel closed around one of my wrists, and I held back a gasp of pain as my magic slowly drained from me. Rory turned us, and the first thing I saw was Tristan ripping into one of the rogue vampires. “Watch,” Rory said and took us higher into the sky. Down below, four witches were on the ground, straining against some invisible force. Around them, blood, body parts, and chunks of flesh and bone flew through the air. The one with dark red hair—the target—suddenly appeared, hovering beside us and glaring at me.
“Who’s your friend, Rory?”
“No idea. I didn’t bother to get her name.”
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and gently nudged me. “You the leader of this band of misfits?” Snarls and screams of pain reached me, and I winced as one of the rogue vampires’ innards exploded from him. The redhead nudged me again and arched an eyebrow. “Well?” she drawled. “Yay or nay?”
“Why are you asking when you already know the answer?” I snapped.
“I don’t,” she said indignantly, and then her hands were on either side of my head. “But,” she continued slowly. “If you drop that shield of yours, I’ll know.” She tapped my temple with a warm finger. “So how about it?”
“Never,” I hissed at her and jerked my head back. The back of my head smacked into Rory’s chest, and Ari grunted as I drove a fist into her gut. She stared at me incredulously and shook her head as she flew back an inch or so.
“You’re right,” she said to Rory. “She does have a death wish.” She sighed and shrugged. “Weaken her.”
“What do you mean by that?” I let out a squeak as Rory lifted me higher in his arms and growled in my ear.
“Try not to kill her,” Ari said and smirked as I let out a gasp of realization. “Ooo,” she said with a smile, a second before four needle-like fangs sank deep into the side of my neck. White-hot pain slammed into me, and I screamed as everything went dark.
“Wake up, witchling,” a female voice said from somewhere far away. It felt like someone had stuffed cotton balls into my brain as I slowly came to. Dizziness came over me, and I groaned as I felt hot and cold, like I had the flu. “Sorry about that,” the voice continued and chuckled. “You’ve lost a lot of blood.” There was a pause, and then what felt like a heavy heat blanket, landed on me. “You can open your eyes. We have the lights off.”
“You are… too generous, Ariella,” an amused female voice said and sighed.
“Oh, hush. Can’t I have my moment?” I slowly opened my eyes and blinked at the two vampires staring down at me.
“The sleeping beauty awakens at last,” the one with ice-blonde hair said and smiled.
“Humph,” Ari said and came to crouch beside me. She held out a bottle of orange juice and smirked. “Don’t worry, it’s not Sunny Delight. It has pulp and… extra citryness to it. It should give you a kick or two. And, it’s nice and cold. Lily and Jane can attest to it, if you don’t believe me.” An invisible force eased me into a sitting position, and I shivered as the blanket dropped away from my upper half. Ari eyed me critically for a moment, and then opened the bottle of orange juice. She stuck a purple bendy straw into it and held it to my mouth. “Now, be a good girl and drink up.” I reluctantly parted my mouth and allowed her to slip the straw in. I took a sip of the drink, and then I couldn’t stop myself as I pulled faster and harder on the straw. Before I knew it, the juice was gone. “Feeling better?” Ari drawled and tossed the empty bottle into the trashcan that was beside the door. I gave her a shrug and glanced down at the blood-red cuff around my left wrist.
“Is this necessary?” I asked and looked up at them.
“Very,” the blonde said and eyed me like I was a piece of chocolate.
“Introductions,” Ari said as Tristan, Rory, and another vampire appeared in the room. She pointed to the shortest of the group and inclined her head. “She is Brianna,” she continued and nodded to the ice-blonde. “That is Freya.” She turned her attention back to me and smirked. “And you are… none-of-your-fucking-business, right?” I blinked and stared blankly at her. Brianna, on the other hand, sounded like she was choking on something.
“Really?” the young vampire asked and snorted as she tried not to laugh.
“Well,” Ari said defensively. “That’s what she told Rory.” She shrugged. “So, I’m going with NYFB for short.” She paused. “Or maybe none-ya.”
Brianna snickered and nodded. “Fine with me.”
I glared at them. “Not funny.”
“From your perspective, maybe,” she said and smirked. “Of course, you can always tell us your name,” she suggested and shrugged. “Jailyn, Tryn, and Donnica are coming,” she said to Tristan. He nodded and walked to the far wall, before casually leaning against it. Nothing was ever casual with the vampires. Before I could demand a release, three more vampires appeared before me.
“Huh,” Donnica said and frowned at me. “She looks way too comfortable. Are you guys losing your touch?”
“I. Am. Offended!” Ari exclaimed and glared at her.
“Oh,” Freya said casually and smirked. “She was just… having a moment.”
“Noted,” Donnica said and looked around the cell-like room. “So,” she continued slowly. “Let’s get the show started. I even brought popcorn.” On cue, a large white bowl of popcorn appeared in her hands. We all stared at her. “What?” she asked and looked at the heavily salted and buttered popcorn topped with cheese.
“Give that back to the girls,” Ari spluttered and got to her feet.
“But.” Tristan chuckled, and he was suddenly at Donnica’s side, taking the bowl from her and making it disappear. “Hey!” she exclaimed. “I didn’t even get to try some.”
“We have more,” Ari said dryly. “You can make yourself some after.” She rolled her eyes and looked at me. “She is right, though. Time to get serious.” Donnica harrumphed and crossed her arms.
“Yes,” Freya said, drawing out the word. “Where, oh where to begin?”
“Where is the necromancer?” Brianna asked after a long minute of silence.
“No idea,” I said and eyed her warily.
“No idea, hmm?” Jailyn asked, straightening from the door that she was leaning against.
“I swear it.”
“On your soul?” I hesitated, and then scowled. “I thought not,” Jailyn said, and I yelped as I was yanked to my feet by some invisible rope. Ari grabbed the heavy heat blanket and shoved it at Brianna, who grunted as she staggered back a step.
“The hell do I do with this?” the fledgling asked and walked to the door.
“Put it on the table that’s at the end of the hall,” Jailyn said as the door opened. Brianna nodded and vanished. “Now, where were we?”
“You were going to release me,” I said and continued to glare at them.
“Were we?” I nodded, and then stiffened as I felt a light touch in my head.
“We’ll let you go, if you cooperate with us,” Ari said, and I snorted.
“Really?” I asked dryly.
“No,” she said and shrugged. “But we promise to give you a quick death.”
“Right,” I said and rolled my eyes.
“So, the necromancer?”
“I told you, I have no idea.”
“Drop your shield. Let us read you.”
“Fuck. No,” I snapped.
She sighed. “Oh, come on. Don’t be so difficult.” When I remained silent, she let out another sigh and stuck a hand into one of her pockets. I stiffened. “Fine. Where are the rest of your coven?”
“If you think I’m going to give you that little piece of information, you’re delusional,” I hissed.
“I was afraid you were going to say that. Let’s see if I can change your mind.” Faster than I could blink, a wave of agony slammed into me, and I screamed as my back hit the wall that was behind me. Gasping, I looked down and found Ari holding a blade, which was hilt deep in my lower stomach. Hot blood poured from the wound as my brain tried to process what had just happened. Ari smirked, and another scream tore from me as she ripped the weapon upward. My insides spilled out of me as everything went black.

ARI

“Careful, now,” Jailyn mused as I pulled the blade free and eyed the dripping blood.
“Anybody want a taste?” I asked over the bloodcurdling screams and turned until I could see the entire room. Freya, Tristan, Tryn, and Rory looked like they wanted to, but they remained silent and preternaturally still as I held the blade out to them. After a moment, I withdrew my hand and turned back to the witch, who was trying to keep more of her insides from spilling out. Her dark blue eyes were rolled to the back of her head, until only the whites were showing. “That hurt, didn’t it?” I asked as her screams turned into wheezing gasps of pain. “I can make it hurt more, if you like.” I handed the dripping blade to Tristan as I withdrew a silver needle from my pocket.
“What are you doing?” Tristan growled and eyed the needle suspiciously. Hell, they all were staring at it. I popped the cap off the tiny plastic capsule thingy and slid the two-inch long needle onto my palm. I ignored them and walked to the downed witch. I mentally grabbed her and flipped her onto her back. I ripped away her shirt and bit my finger, allowing a drop of blood to drip into the gaping wound. I dropped down beside her and tapped her cheek with a finger.
“Hey, witchling, focus on me.” Her eyes rolled in their sockets, until they focused on me. “Now, Shhh. Shhh. Quiet now,” I said soothingly as I stared deep into her eyes. Her expression went blank, and her gasps died down to whimpers. “Shhh, shhh, shhh. Hush now and stay very, very still.”
“Um…” Donnica said hesitantly. “Ari?”
“Hmm?” I turned and looked up at her.
“Are… you okay?”
I blinked. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Well… you’re acting a little scary at the moment.”
I smirked. “You’re too sweet for your own good.”
She blinked, and then scowled at me. “What’s that supposed to mean?” Jailyn chuckled and ruffled her hair. “Hey!” she exclaimed and knocked her hand away. “Stop that!”
“You’re too cute,” the necromancer said and smiled as she dodged Donnica’s halfhearted attempt to hit her. Trynnadon shook his head and arched an eyebrow at Tristan, who just stared blankly back at him. With a snort, I turned back to the silent witch.
“Oh,” I said and stared at her stomach. The gaping hole had closed, but it was still raw and angry-looking. I whistled and chuckled. “Damn, that looks painful as fuuuuuck.” I reached out and slipped my hand under her bra.
“Oh, are you molesting her, now?” Donnica asked and came to stand over us.
“Yes, yes I am,” I said dryly and snapped the clasp that held the bra together.
“Tristan, how do you feel about this?” I think she’s cheating on you.” In response, he predictably growled.
“Yes, I’m going to cheat on him by jabbing this sharp needle into her perky little boobs.” I held the needle over a nipple and laughed as Donnica took several steps away from me. She folded her arms protectively over her breasts and shuddered. Jailyn and Freya, on the other hand, just stared at us, waiting. Although, Jailyn looked like she was holding back a laugh, and Freya did her best not to look amused. Chuckling, I moved the needle between the witch’s breasts and trailed my way down to her stomach, past her bellybutton. A thin line of blood followed in its path. “Hmm,” I said thoughtfully as my progress was halted by the waistband of her pants. “Witchling,” I continued and released her from my compulsion. I held up a finger before she could resume her screaming. “Not a sound, or I’ll put you back under.” A choking sound escaped her throat, but she nodded and trembled as I moved my way back up her stomach. “Should we try again?” I smirked and held up the needle for her to see. “Or should I see how long it will take for you to break under my gentle ministrations?” Her eyes bulged, looking like they were going to pop out of their sockets at any second. “Well?” I drawled and gently prodded her arm with the tip of the needle. As gentle as I was, a tiny bubble of blood still trickled from the pinprick-sized wound.
“Go,” the witch said in between gasps of pain. “Fuck.” Gasp. “Yourself.”
I smiled. “Oh, good. I was hoping you would say something like that. This, is going to be fun,” I growled and stabbed the needle into her nipples, one after another in quick succession. “Now, we can begin for real,” I said as she screamed and passed out.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-five

“Ready to talk yet?” I asked as the witch came around a few minutes later. After I had stabbed her, I had given her a couple of drops of my blood. I dropped the needle back into its container and pocketed it. “Girl, you are making my night, and it’s not even halfway over.” I trailed a finger over the healed wound in her stomach and smirked. “Should we try dunking?” I asked and slipped an arm under her. As a result, I got smacked in the face for trying to help her sit up. I spluttered as blood poured from my nose. “Ow!” I exclaimed as Jailyn set a tub of ice-cold water on the floor. Seeing this, the witch became frantic and really got going with the flailing. As a result, I got elbowed, bitch-slapped, punched, and karate chopped in the head, neck, and chest. I could’ve sworn I felt Tristan’s amusement through the bond. “Stop that,” I growled, the compulsion washing over her. I sighed in relief as she stopped struggling against me. I repositioned her, and when I was done, she was kneeling over the tub. I looked around the room and arched an eyebrow in question. “Did you send Brianna away?” I asked, not finding her in the room or sensing her nearby.
“I did,” Jailyn said and chuckled.
“But I sense Raina.”
She nodded. “She’s going to join us…” The door opened, and the vampire in question walked in. “Now.”
“You’re just in time to watch Ari drown our guest,” Donnica said and eyed me nervously.
“Excellent,” Raina said and came to crouch on the witch’s other side.
“You’re going to regret this,” the witch gasped and stared into the clear water.
“You do know how to stop me,” I said and smiled as I placed a hand on the back of her head. “Time to bob for apples.” With that, I pushed her head under the water. As she started back up on her struggles, Raina moved behind her and held her still. After a minute or so, and sensing that she was on the verge of passing out, I pulled her head up out of the water. I let her sputter and cough for a few seconds, before repeating the process. It went on like that for an hour, until I got bored. “Let’s try something else,” I said and threw the unconscious witch against the wall. “What are you afraid of?” I wondered and flashed to her. I kicked her awake and pulled her to her feet. Before she could curse me or say a word, I mentally lifted her up by the throat and slammed her hard into the wall. I held her there and dove into her head. I felt my way around the shield and gently pushed at it. Sadly, it was still too strong for me to break it without killing her outright. Though, it was weakening, be it slowly. “Hey, Freya?”
“Yes?” Tristan’s second eldest child asked.
“I don’t supposed you have any… potions that cause hallucination?”
“Perhaps. Are you planning to start in on the psychological methods so soon?”
“Not just yet. I just thought I’d ask.” Freya nodded and smiled as a scalpel appeared in my hand.
“Please, enlighten us to what you are about to do with that.”
I chuckled. “I’m going to make a jigsaw puzzle out of her. How many pieces do you think I’ll get?”
Donnica looked the witch over and shrugged. “Depends on how big or small of a piece you cut from her.”
“Hmm,” I said thoughtfully, and then waved to the door. “You guys go hunt before you eat my witch.” I gave Tristan, Freya, Rory, and Tryn a pointed look. “And don’t come back until you’re…” I paused and looked them up and down. “Somewhat sated.” After a moment, all four vanished into thin air, leaving only Jailyn, Raina, and Donnica in the room with me.
“Are you going to wait for them to return?” Jailyn asked.
“Hell, no.” The necromancer chuckled and pulled out her iPhone as she dropped into a chair that appeared out of nowhere. I arched an eyebrow, and then teleported in a chair of my own. We looked toward Donnica, who stared blankly back at us.
“Don’t look at me,” the young vampire finally said after a minute of silence. “I can’t teleport shit.” Raina pointed to the closed door and inclined her head. “OH, screw you guys.” Jailyn smirked and pointed to the floor. The young vampire suddenly moved, snatching one of Raina’s many knives. She threw it at Jailyn, who didn’t bother to dodge. The weapon struck her in the arm, burying itself all the way through until the other end was showing. Only the hilt stopped its progress from completing its trajectory to the wall. “I feel so much better,” Donnica said with a contented sigh. Jailyn looked down at the weapon sticking out of her arm and lifted it, as if to get a better look at it.
“You stabbed me,” one of the scariest vampires in the world said in surprise. “You fricken stabbed me. Raina, Ari, tell me you saw that.”
“We did,” Raina said and chuckled. “I only wished I had been recording.” A second later, Donnica’s head snapped back, as if someone invisible had smacked her.
“Ow!” the young vampire exclaimed, and then yelped in pain. After a few seconds of it, she let out a sigh of relief and shuddered.
“Well,” Jailyn said and gripped the hilt. “Let that be a lesson to you.”
“Casiar wasn’t happy, I take it?” I asked and smiled.
“Would Tristan? Would you?”
“You have a point.” I nodded to Donnica. “Don’t stab us unless our other half is in the room with us.” I smirked. “We’re very, uh, territorial that way.”
“Got it,” Donnica said with a grunt. “Still.” Jailyn rolled her eyes and yanked the blade free. A spray of blood followed in its wake, splashing to the floor to mix with that of the witch. And speaking of the witch… I turned back to the struggling witch and grinned.
“I didn’t forget about you,” I stage whispered to her. “Sorry about that.” I closed the short distance between us and cupped her chin. 
“Why don’t you just fucking compel the answers out of me?” the witch hissed through gritted teeth. “Because,” I said slowly and flashed my fangs at her. “This is more fun. Surely, you know that by now.”
“You’re a monster,” she spat.
I snorted. “Oh, that’s rich.” I chuckled. “Coming from you.” I stroked her cheek and smiled. “Tell me, have you or your coven sacrifice a baby lately? If I were to break down your barrier, what would I find, hmm?” I leaned in and grazed my fangs along her jugular. “Tell me I’m wrong,” I whispered in her ear. “Tell me that I have it all wrong, and all I would find in your puny brain is you standing on a beach somewhere, looking out into the serene waters. I’ll even believe you.” I took a step back and held up the scalpel for her to see. The obsidian-edged blade gleamed under the bright light of the cell-like room, deadly-looking and sharp. “Or, I can begin on carving you up like a turkey.” I paused. “Or make Christmas cookies out of you. I’m sure our shifter friends would enjoy them immensely.”
“Animal crackers?” Jailyn suggested and chuckled.
“Brain Jell-O for Jordana?” Raina added and grinned. “She would love you forever if you did that.”
“I’m never looking at turkey or those snacks the same ever again,” Donnica muttered under her breath. The witch began to struggle harder, and I didn’t even bother to choke her again. I dropped my hand from her and inched the scalpel toward her head.
“Last chance,” I sang and waved the instrument a couple of inches from her face. When she continued to strain against my mental hold, I let out a heavy sigh of exasperation. “Very well. Have it your way, then.” My hand flashed, and she screamed as I cut into her chest. A second later, a quarter-sized chunk of flesh fell to the floor. I kept at it, methodically carving shapes into her and slicing them away after each one took form. Every now and then, I gave her a couple drops of my blood, because it wouldn’t do if she died before I was finished. When certain parts of her healed fully, I reopened them, watching as chunks of flesh and blood slid down her body to the floor. She screamed, and kept on screaming as I switch from her torso to her face. “Okay,” I said slowly and stared into her eyes. “Stop screaming and stay still.” She fell silent, and my eardrums were thankful as they healed. “You know, I wonder if your ears would grow back. Your nipples certainly didn’t.” I looked her up and down, shaking my head at the wet, glistening tendons, muscles, bones, and other tissues that I could see. “Left or right?” I asked and tested the sharpness of the scalpel with my thumb. I slipped into her head, and my eyes went wide as I came up against no barriers of any kind. “Shiiiiit,” I said and almost cried with disappointment. “Last just a little longer,” I pleaded. “Put it back up. You can do it. I didn’t get a chance to play with your psyche,” I complained. “What the fuck is this? I mean, what the fuck?” I jabbed the scalpel toward her eye, except, Tristan’s fingers closed around my wrist before I could pop out her eyeball. “But I’m not done,” I said and grunted as I struggled to keep him from pushing my arm down. He pressed up against my back, and my other hand flashed up for the weapon. He caught it before my fingers could close around it. I glared at Jailyn as she removed the blood-drenched scalpel out of my equally drenched left hand. Tristan spun me around and wrapped me in a tight embrace before I could launch myself at the necromancer.
“Enough,” he growled softly into my ear. “That’s enough, sweetheart.”
“But… but… but.”
“Shhh. Shhh,” he soothed and nuzzled my neck. “We have two more to interrogate, remember?” I pulled back slightly and blinked. He looked at me and arched an eyebrow.
“You’re right,” I said slowly. “We do.”
“I got everything,” Jailyn said from behind me.
“Anything useful?” he asked as I snuggled into him.
“Kind of? Not really?”
“Hmm,” he said thoughtfully and nodded. “Kill her.” I grumbled under my breath as I heard the unmistakable sound of a neck being snapped.
“Let’s hope the other two are more forthcoming.”
“Yes,” he growled and tightened his hold around me.
“No time like the present?” she asked. Tristan grunted and teleported, taking me with him.
We appeared in another one of Freya’s cells. This time, only Freya herself, Rory, and Jailyn joined us. “Shifter,” I said as Tristan released me and took a step back. “Do we have a vampire in the next one?”
“Yes, we do,” Rory said and handed me a hot bag of blood. I took it from him and bit into it with a groan. I shuddered as the hot liquid slid down my throat. Taking in a deep breath, I pulled the empty bag from my mouth and snatched the second one from him. After quickly draining it, I tossed both bags into the trash. Turning to the shifter, I winced. He was chained to a metal table, and both it and the chains were silver. Smoke rose from his pale skin, and his black hair stuck to his head like someone had thrown water onto him.
“Ouch,” I said and touched a finger to the chain. Yelping, I jerked my hand back. “What in the world’s fuck?” The shifter smirked and nodded to Tristan.
“Ask him,” he growled.
“I don’t need to,” I said and stuck a finger under one of the chains.
“Padded,” Jailyn said and scowled.
Tristan grunted. “Would you rather he be poisoned to death before we could question him?”
“Hmm, you have a point.”
“So,” I said and glanced at the shifter. “You going to be difficult like the witch?”
“Depends,” he grunted.
“Fair enough, I guess.” Tristan’s hands came down on my shoulders, and I stilled as his energy slammed into me. From the sharp inhalation of breaths, the others also felt it. “What?” I asked slowly.
“EASTENDO-EASTEEK!” Freya suddenly shouted, and I gasped as the shifter—along with the chains and table—exploded. My back slammed into the floor as blood, body parts, and shrapnel flew like tornado. Tristan grunted, and I gasped as something ripped through him.
“Fuck!” Jailyn yelled, and then cursed Freya out in several languages. “Fucking… ow.”
“Off,” I said and shoved at Tristan’ shoulder. He rolled off me, and I got a good look at a huge piece of metal sticking out the side of Jailyn’s head. “Why me?” she asked as Casiar appeared beside her, rubbing at his own head.
“That looks… painful,” he said mildly and stared at her.
“Shut up and pull it out,” she growled. He grunted and eyed the metal thoughtfully.
“Is it in your brain?” he asked and grabbed it. “Because I think I lost a few cells or two… or ten.”
“I will hit you,” she snarled and bared her fangs.
“Actually, that would be kind of hot.” As he spoke the last word, he yanked the metal free. Jailyn yelled in agony, and I winced as she all but attacked him. It would have been hot, except his cursing and the look on his face wasn’t that of pleasure. “Fuck,” Casiar snarled as she took him to the floor. “Enough, enough,” he growled a long minute later and dug his fingers into her hair. Jailyn let out a yelp and jerked her head back, tearing open his neck in the process.
“Ow?” I said casually and sat up. Jailyn, who was busy coughing, glared at me.
“What the hell is going on down here?” Sven asked from the doorway as he appeared.
“What does it look like?” Jailyn asked and cleared her throat.
“It looked like a bomb went off.”
“Humph.”
“Did you get anything from him before you turned him into minced meat?”
“Go look in the cell where the witch was held,” I said and craned my neck to look at him.
“I already did. Your handywork, I take it?”
“Yep. Did you like?”
Sven chuckled and stepped into the room. “Very much so.” He came to a stop beside us and looked down at Tristan, who was still flat on his back and staring up at the ceiling.
“That went well,” Rory said and pulled Freya to her feet.
“So, anything?” Sven drawled as I slipped my hands under Tristan and flipped him over onto his stomach.
“I’m fine,” Tristan growled as I ripped away his shirt.
“Did you forget that I can feel what you feel?” I asked. He grunted as I pressed my fingers into the healed wound in his back. Faster than I could blink, Sven withdrew one of his many knives and stabbed it deep into the left side of his sire’s back. Tristan snarled as I yelled in pain, gasping from the shock of it.
“Sorry,” Sven said, more to me than to him. “So, who wants to root around inside his body?”
“Why not make this more easy on all of us?” Freya asked and arched an eyebrow in question as she held out a hand.
“Because,” he said slowly. “You might blow out his spine in the process.”
“Please, do continue with the spell,” Casiar muttered under his breath, and then winced as Jailyn smacked him. “What?” he protested and scowled. “He’ll survive. If he can survive the 304, 412, 901, 1153, 1401, 1766 bombings, and all the bombing since, this one will be a piece of cake. He won’t even feel a thing.”
“Fuck you,” Tristan snarled, hissing as Sven opened up the wound even more.
“Freya, do me a favor and stop him from healing, would you?” the hunter said and stuck his hand into the gaping wound. Since I couldn’t feel him anymore, I knew that he was blocking me out on purpose.
“You may want to hurry it along,” Rory said and wrapped his arms around Freya. “He’s looking more murderous by the second.”
“You have a point,” Sven said and glanced at me. All the while, he plucked shards from Tristan’s body, his hands moving with lightning speed as he worked.
“How’s your brain?” Casiar asked and wrapped an arm around Jailyn’s shoulders.
“It tickles,” the necromancer replied and gave me a smirk. I snorted.
“Wait, what am I missing?”
“Nothing, love.” I turned to Tristan, my skin crawling in warning as his beast fought to break free. I pulled his torn shirt from him and threw it into the mess that was already there. Sven grunted as he threw several gulf ball-sized pieces of metal to the far corner of the room. He gave Freya a nod, before ripping into his wrist and allowing his blood to pour into the wound. After a few seconds, he pulled back and got to his feet.
“So, the shifter?”
“We got nothing,” I said and put a hand on Tristan’s shoulder. The air was practically vibrating around us; a clear warning to get the fuck away. I fought my fight or flight instinct and stroked my fingers through his short hair. He was still as only a predator could be, and I shuddered as I took in a calming, deep breath. It didn’t help with the somersaults going on in my stomach. Casiar cleared his throat, and I let out another shudder as a wave of magic washed over me. Freya pulled away from Rory and walked over to us with a frown. “What?” I asked her as Tristan’s hand closed around my wrist. He rolled onto his back and pulled me down against him. His arms wrapped tightly around me, and I shivered as his fangs grazed my shoulder. “This is going to hurt, isn’t it?” I asked slowly and tensed in his arm. His legs trapped mine between his, and I gasped as he sank his fangs into my neck. White-hot pain lanced through my head and coursed throughout my entire body. Struggling against him was like trying to break something that was unbreakable.
“Ouch,” Jailyn said as everyone in the room came to stand around us.
“Fuck you,” I groaned and glared up at her. The agonizing pain of Tristan’s bite slowly eased, and I let out a sigh of relief. A second later, a startled gasp escaped my throat as a sudden wave of pleasure slammed into me. Heat exploded between my legs, and I held back a moan.
“You did not,” I squawked as he released my legs.
“He did not,” Jailyn said and smiled. “What the fuck have you been drinking?” Tristan withdrew his fangs and growled as I wriggled my ass against him.
“Should I grab popcorn?” Rory drawled, and I smirked as Tristan’s growing erection dug deeper into my ass. He grunted as I pushed at his arms and sat up.
“I fucking hate all of you,” I said as he gripped my hips and held me still.
“I love you, too,” Jailyn said and smirked. “Now, if you can wait for a few more hours, we have one more to kill. I mean… make friends with.” I harrumphed and pushed to my feet. A dark fabric flew through the air, and I snickered as the shirt smacked Tristan in the face. Letting out a very long, very annoyed sigh, he flashed to his feet and pulled the shirt over his head.
“Okay,” I said with a heavy sigh. “Let’s get this over with.” With that, I teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-six

HANNAH

“Går någonstans?” I froze, inwardly cringing as a squeak escaped me. Taking in a deep breath, I turned, just as slowly, to find Freya standing a few feet from me on the sidewalk. “Var är din lilla tjej?”
“Hon är med min syster,” I replied after a moment of silence.
“Ah,” she said slowly and gave me an imperceptible nod. Even though she was wearing a pair of sunglasses, she still put up a hand to shield her eyes from the bright daylight.
“Doesn’t the sun hurt you?” I asked and glanced at the big ball of flame in the sky.
“Yes,” she said and smiled. I looked her up and down and frowned. “It is not painful as of this moment.”
“Spell?” She nodded. “So, did you track me down for something?”
“I did.”
I gulped. “Do I want to know?” I asked slowly.
She chuckled. “Oh, sweet Hannah, how you amuse me so.”
“You’re not helping.” She held out a hand to me and inclined her head. I resisted the urge to take a step back. Instead, I looked around us and scowled at the cars passing by, oblivious to the danger.
“Kom, älskling. Jag kommer inte att skada dig.” I hesitated for the briefest of seconds, before closing the short distance and taking her hand. “Jag ger dig mitt ord, lilla en,” she said as everything went dark.
Ari looked up from her laptop as we appeared in her office. She and I blinked at each other as I pulled my hand free and dropped into the nearest chair. “Can I help you with something?” she asked and narrowed her eyes on Freya.
“Actually,” the vampire-witch said and rested a hand on the desk beside her. “I believe that Hannah will be able to help you with something, Ariella.”
“Come again?”
“Me?” I asked and frowned at them.
“Yes.” I let out a startled gasp as I—along with the chair—was pulled to the desk by some invisible force. Ari arched an eyebrow in question, and I resisted the urge to squirm from the nearness of them. Well, mostly Ari, because she and I were practically touching.
“Tell me, how do you feel?” Freya asked.
“Hungry, horny, murderous, the usual?”
“TMI,” I muttered under my breath.
Freya removed the sunglasses and rolled her eyes with a sigh. “You know exactly of what I am speaking of.”
“Hmm,” Ari said and grabbed something from the other side of the desk. Her hot hand closed around my own, and I stilled as she placed a purple rubber band in it. “Don’t snap it,” she continued and closed my fingers around it. “It will help your nerves, and it will give you something to do.”
“Thank you,” I said and began the slow process of calming myself.
Ari looked at Freya and shrugged. “To answer your question, my need to enact violence has become… how shall I put it? Harder to curb. I haven’t tortured information out of someone like that since…” She paused and frowned. “1995, I believe. I enjoy it too much, so I try not to do it often.”
Freya smirked. “How long have you felt this way?”
“Since…” She scowled. “Huh, I’m not sure.” She glanced between the two of us and sighed. “It’s a spell, isn’t it?”
“Let us find out, shall we?” Freya reached over and covered my hands with her own. She took the stress-relieve rubber band thingy from me and nodded to Ari. “Look at her.” I turned to Ari and blinked at the flicker of green in her eyes.
“Did Tristan say something to you?”
“I did not,” Tristan growled from the doorway. I stifled a scream and kicked the side of the desk in exasperation. His hands came down on my shoulders, and I shuddered at the electric jolt that shot through me. Ari nodded and leaned back in her chair.
“Now,” Freya said, sounding amused. Tristan removed his hands from me and went to stand behind Ari as I narrowed my eyes on her. “Relax.”
“I am,” I said and glanced at her. Tristan smirked and inclined his head slightly to me.
“No, you are not,” she said dryly and chuckled.
“I wonder why,” I muttered, and then stiffened as a wave of calm settled over me. I looked between the three vampires and scowled.
“Don’t look at me,” said Ari. “I didn’t do it.” I sighed and gathered my magic to me. After a moment of concentrating, my vision flickered, and I blinked, almost releasing my hold on my magic as Ari’s aura of black, dark red, and a streak of green became visible.
“Wow,” I said and glanced at Freya. Her aura was a mix of black, dark red, and blue. “Is that normal?”
“The green is not,” the vampire-witch said and leaned against the wall. “Look at Tristan.”
“I rather you didn’t,” Tristan said as I turned my attention to him. His aura was so dark of a red that it might as well be black.
“Black is demon, dark red is vampire, blue is witch, yellow is shifter,” Freya said and smiled.
“And human?” I asked and tried to look at my own aura, which I couldn’t see.
“It’s blue,” Tristan said before I could ask. “With white.”
I nodded. “Why do humans get the boring color?”
“At least you’re not yellow,” Natalia said from somewhere down the hall.
“You have a point,” I said and smiled. “But Nova is yellow. Well, more gold than yellow, but still.”
“Not anymore,” the vampire child said as she walked in. “She’s like her daddy.” I almost laughed at Tristan’s painful wince. Ari reached up and patted his hand.
“You’ll have to get used to that word again,” the redhead said and smiled. “If I have to, you have to, too.”
“Uh huh,” I said, nodding. “Just wait until she’s my daughter’s age.” At my words, they both groaned. Natalia snickered and held out a box of rice crackers to me. I took one and opened it. “Thank you,” I said as I bit into it. Every time I saw her, she was always eating or drinking something. Another vampire appeared in the doorway and scowled at the child.
“This is Alexander,” she said and gestured to him with the rice cracker box. He gave me a nod and glanced around the office.
“Are you leaving?” Ari asked and stood.
“Yes,” Alexander said as she walked to him.
“I’m not,” Natalia said and ducked behind Tristan. She let out a squeak as he reached back and picked her up.
“You can stay, if you go to school.”
“But.”
“No, buts.”
“I’ll make sure that she goes,” Ari said and scowled at her.
“Fine,” the child said with a sigh.
“And no compelling your teachers,” Alexander continued. “No mind reading, either.”
“Okay. Okay,” she said and squirmed in Tristan’s arms. “No vampire stuff. I promise.”
“Good,” he said and nodded to Ari. After a minute of silent conversation with her, he gave Tristan a nod and vanished down the hall.
“Well,” said Ari. “Shall we remove this spell from me?”
“Oh, yeah,” I said and mentally reached for the green in her aura. I held what was left of my rice cracker between my teeth as I concentrated.
“Careful,” Freya mused as I began to slowly unravel the spell.
“What is this spell, anyways?”
“A spell that brings out the worse in you, apparently,” Ari said, and then yelped as I mentally plucked at it.
“Careful,” Freya repeated as I made the green disappear. After a couple of minutes of unraveling, I pulled back and looked her up and down.
“I don’t see any more green,” I said and glanced to Freya as I ate the rest of my cracker.
“Good,” the vampire-witch said and straightened from the wall she was leaning against. “Ariella, how do you feel?”
“Hmm,” Ari said, looking thoughtful. “The need to make things bleed profusely has lessen somewhat.” She smirked. “But that’s how I usually feel.” Freya nodded. “By the way, how did you know I had a curse on me?”
“I did not. Rory did.” I blinked. “I simply thought you were returning to your old ways. Apparently, I was mistaken.”
“Hmm, very observant, he is.”
Freya chuckled. “He did learn from the best, after all.”
“Wow, I’ll take that as a compliment.” She looked around and scowled. “Where is he, anyways?”
“Wherever you have sent him.”
“Oh, right.”
“Are you all right?”
“Uh huh.”
“Why do I not believe you?” Tristan set Natalia down on her feet and ruffled her hair as he said something to her I couldn’t hear. The little teenage girl nodded and flashed from the office.
“I feel… weird,” Ari said slowly a minute later and frowned. “I’m not weakening. It’s not that.”
“Should I… leave?” I asked hesitantly.
“No,” she said with a sigh. “You’re fine.” She paused. “Well, you can if you want to.” I nodded and leaned back in my chair. Tristan and Freya reached for her as her eyes rolled to the back of her head. “Oh… what’s… happening?” she asked, before passing out.
“That’s… not good,” I said, stating the obvious as I got to my feet.
“Hon brinner upp,” Tristan growled. “Freya, vad fan händer?”
“Det verkar,” she said slowly, thoughtfully. “Att den som har kastat magiken till att börja med vet om borttagningen. Han eller hon försöker nu att rätta till saken när vi talar.”
“Hitta dem,” he snarled. I held my breath, not even blinking as a cold chill came over me. It felt like I was being compressed into myself, and I prayed that I wasn’t on his menu. If he hadn’t been holding onto Ari, I think he would have created a couple of holes in the wall… using our heads as target practice. “Hitta dem och ta med dem till mig.” Freya grunted, shuddering as she removed her hand from Ari’s arm.
“Ja, skappare.” She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Som du önskar.” She touched me on the arm, signaling me to move. When I didn’t start walking, she took me by the elbow and slowly led me to the door. “Kom Hannah,” she said softly. “Vi har lite arbete att göra, du och jag.” I nodded, my skin crawling as we walked passed Tristan. His eyes bored into the back of my head, and his low growls that I could just barely make out, were so not helping the matter. The moment we were in the elevator and going up, she released my arm and turned me to face her. “Andas, älskling.” I heard the crackling of a speaker overhead, and I looked up as someone came online.
“Is she okay?” Brianna asked over the intercom. “She looks like she’s going to faint.”
“She will be,” Freya said, and then muttered something I couldn’t hear under her breath. A second later, it felt like I was breathing in fresh air as magic washed over me. I suddenly found that I could breathe much easier, and I just blinked at her, shaking my head as she dropped her hand from me.
“Oh, that’s much better,” Brianna said as the doors opened, and we stepped out onto the main floor. She met us halfway to the outside door, glancing between us as she fell in step beside me. “So,” she said slowly as Lorena pushed open the door. “Do I want to know?” she asked as we exited HQ.
“Tristan is in a murdering mood,” I said and shuddered.
“When is he not?”
“Ari got hit with another spell.”
“Oh, shit. Never mind what I said.” She hooked her arm around mine and pulled me into the trees. A few feet behind us, a silent Freya followed in our wake.

SKYLER

“Shhh. Shhh,” I said to the wailing baby in my arms. “Shhh.” Nova, of course, ignored me completely. I glared at her and bared my fangs. She ignored that, too. “Typical,” I said under my breath and bounced her.
“Are you that terrible with babies?” Ashley asked and hopped onto the waist-high wall that surrounded the clearing we were sitting in.
“You want to hold her?” I growled and held out Nova to her. The witch-necromancer held up her hands and shook her head vigorously. “That’s what I thought,” I said and smirked as I set Ari’s daughter back in her cradle. I gently rocked her as Corinne, Lily, Jane, Ryah, and Peyton joined us. “Where is Hannah?”
“She’s probably still with Brianna and Freya,” Jane said and shrugged. “I just saw them like… an hour ago.” Ashley and I nodded as I did my best to soothe a very angry Nova, who was flailing her arms and legs. I hoped she wasn’t going to levitate or shoot hellfire, because that would be really bad. Like, really, really bad.
“Did you bring the book?” Lily asked and looked around the clearing.
I frowned. “What book?”
“This,” Ashley said, and I blinked at the four-inch thick, dark-blue-bound book that appeared in her hands.
“The hell is that?”
“One of Jailyn’s. It has all things necromancy in here.” She paused. “Well, some.”
“You didn’t bring the entire collection?”
Ashley snorted. “There were only two books out in the open. The rest were behind a protective case, and mind you, under a blood locking spell and a million wards that would turn me into ash in less than a millisecond. I mean, her blood is old.”
“Ouch,” I said and winced.
“Uh huh. Tell me about it.”
“I got your point.”
“How old is, old?” Jane asked as a gentle breeze began to pick up around us. I shrugged and tickled Nova’s tummy. Tiny claws swiped at my hand, and I grunted at the burning pain. At least her wailing turned into whimpers as the trickle of my blood scented the air. Scowling, I pressed the bleeding wound to her mouth. I had to smile a little as her tiny tongue licked at the blood. When she was done, I pulled my hand back and eyed her warily.
“Please,” I begged. “Please, don’t start crying again. I’m begging you.” She blinked her emerald-green eyes at me and growled. I stared at her. “Did you just growl at me?” I glanced at the others and shook my head. “She just growled at me. Someone, tell me I was just hearing things.”
“I thought it was cute,” Natalia said and giggled as she dropped from one of the branches overhead.
“Oh, just… go away.” The vampire child harrumphed and came over to me. Dropping onto her butt, she leaned back on her hands and eyed Nova thoughtfully. “Don’t encourage her,” I warned. “I think she can understand us more than the average human baby.”
“Well, in the first place, she’s not a human.”
I grunted. “How fast do vampire babies develop?”
“How should we know?” Lily asked and snatched the book from Ashley.
“Hey!” she exclaimed. “Be careful with that!” Lily winced and glanced at the book in her arms. “Jailyn will kill me, you know?”
“It’s okay,” the younger witch said and patted the cover. “It’s okay, see?” she asked and set the book down on the light blue baby blanket that Corinne spread out before her. We all stared at it, as if the thing was going to come to life at any second.
“Well?” Jane asked after a couple minutes of silence. “Are you going to open it? The faster we can find a couple of spells or three that will trap she-who-must-not-be-named, the better.”
“She has a point,” I said and watched Nova closely. I swear she was taking in everything with that tiny brain of hers. Her eyes held just a little too much intelligence in them. A flicker of pain suddenly crossed her face, and I covered my ears, hunching into myself as she let out an earsplitting wail. “Okay,” I said over her renewed cries. “Something is definitely wrong here.” Lily winced, nodding her acknowledgement as she finally opened the book of death magic.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-seven

ARI

Ow, I thought with a groan. I opened my eyes to total darkness and sighed. I rubbed my head and scowled at the residual pain I could still feel. What the fuck had happened to me? I slowly sat up and let out another groan, holding my head as white-hot agony slammed into me. Fuuuuck. The air around me grew charged, and I slowly looked up at Tristan. He put a hand on my shoulder as Sarisa and Sergei entered the room. “Wow,” Sarisa said as she sat down beside me. “You’re burning up.”
“Am not,” I muttered as she grabbed hold of my wrists and pushed them down.
“Sit up straight.”
“Mmm, too much energy,” I said and looked down at the blanket covering the lower half of my body. She smirked and began piling up pillows behind me. When she was done, Tristan pushed me onto them.
“Skyler incoming,” Sergei said from the wall beside the opened door. “With a very angry Nova.” From the fresh scent of blood drawing near, and the fact that I could feel the burning sting of pain in my hands and wrists… Skyler walked in a few seconds later, blood dripping from her hands.
“Holy shit,” said Sarisa. “You weren’t kidding.”
“You can let her go,” Tristan said and eyed the dripping blood. “After you close the door.” Skyler nodded and kicked it shut before flashing to the side of the bed. She opened her arms, and a screeching Nova all but flew toward me. She hit my chest, and I caught her before she could roll onto my lap.
“I’m okay,” I said to her as she whimpered and wriggled in my arms. “I’m okay.” Skyler harrumphed and plopped her ass onto Tristan’s lap. We stared at her, and I arched an eyebrow in question.
“What?” she asked innocently. “He told me to.” Sergei chuckled as he walked into the attached bathroom and came out with a wet washcloth. He handed it to me, and I smirked as I began to clean the blood from Nova’s fingers. Tristan quickly closed Skyler’s multiple wounds and shook his head in amusement. Though she could heal on her own, it was better not to bleed out longer than necessary, even if it was for only a few seconds more. She got to her feet, muttering something under her breath as she walked into the bathroom. When I was done cleaning Nova’s hands, Sarisa took the bloody washcloth from me and set it on the nightstand.
“I hear Astrid,” Skyler said as she came back out. “What’s she doing here? Not that I don’t want her here. It’s just that, she doesn’t drop by for socialization.”
“I think she’s ready to undergo her power transference,” Sarisa said casually, as if transferring power was something you did every day.
“Wait, wait-wait-wait. Hold up a second!” Kira yelled from the living room. Skyler, who looked like she was about to say something to that affect, snapped her mouth shut as she appeared in the doorway. Sarisa held up her hands as Aisley and Astrid came up behind the fledgling. Nova watched with interest, even as she chewed on my finger and batted my hand gently with her slightly extended claws. “Who? What? When? Where? Why? And how the fuck?” Kira turned to Astrid and leaned in to sniff her. “Nope, still human. Aisley, back me up.”
“Still human,” the vampire-shifter confirmed,, nodding. “Elijah and Evelyn are outside,” she continued and glanced at Tristan. “With the others.” Tristan nodded as I pulled my finger from Nova’s mouth. He took her from me and almost, almost smiled as she cooed at him.
“Be good,” I said to her and ran my fingers through her fine hair. I gave Tristan a nod, and he teleported, taking her with him. “Now, what is this about Astrid?” I asked and settled more comfortably against the pillows.
“She wants to help people like us,” Sarisa said and placed a hand on my forehead. “So, I’m going to give her the ability to do that. Before you ask, she was the one who brought it up.”
“Freya?”
“Actually, she’s going to have the children do it.”
I blinked. “So soon?”
“Well,” she said and dropped her hand. “They’re not new at this whole thing. Brianna is, but she’s a quick learner. Freya, Riana, Nolita, and Breelyn will be on standby should anything go wrong.” I nodded. A second later, everything went dark.
Arms came around me before my brain could register that I was going to probably crack my head open against something hard. “Now, why would you think that?” Jailyn asked, sounding amused as the melodic tone of her voice slowly made its way through my muddled brain.
“Um…” I said and tried to blink away the blurriness in my vision. “Uh…”
“Bria, ice water.”
“Got it,” Brianna said as I was lowered onto something soft and very comfy.
“She got you a purple fleece heat blanket,” the necromancer said to me, and I shivered as she pulled it over my body. I snuggled into the blanket and let out a contented sigh.
“Is this me being me, or is this part of the spell?”
“Hmm,” she said and peered down at me. “I think both.”
“Great,” I muttered. “Why aren’t I still passed out?” Freya and Brianna entered the living room, and I didn’t have the energy to roll my eyes at the obvious answer. “Don’t answer that. I think I already know.” Jailyn chuckled and took the offered semi-frozen water bottle from Brianna. She arched a questioning eyebrow at her child before cracking it open.
“What?” Brianna asked and shrugged. “You did say ice. It was un-refrigerated.”
“You have a point,” her sire replied and slipped an arm under me. She lifted me into a sitting position and pressed the bottle to my mouth. “Sip,” she said and nodded a greeting to Cailin, who had appeared out of nowhere a minute ago. I took a sip of the water and resisted the urge to down the entire thing as the cold liquid hit my tongue. After the fourth sip, Jailyn pulled the water away and set it on the table. Freya whispering something reached my ears, and I scowled when I couldn’t make out the words. It sounded like she was whispering in tongues. She probably was for all I knew. “It’s a counter spell,” the necromancer said and eased me back down.
“Kira,” Tristan suddenly said as he appeared beside her. The fledgling yelped and took several steps away from him. I guessed that, in her eyes, Tristan holding an infant in one arm didn’t lessen his threat level. “Kira,” he repeated, growling. “Come here. Now.”
“What did I do?” she spluttered and eyed him nervously. Beside me, Jailyn stared at her intently, her eyes narrowing. Elijah, Evelyn, and Casiar appeared a second later, and the fledgling squirmed as we all stared at her. “Come,” Tristan growled, annunciating the word. “Here.” Gulping, Kira slowly closed the distance to her sire, who handed Nova over to Evelyn. Seeing this, she became more nervous. On the other side of the couch, Astrid was standing in the middle of an ice-blue barrier. Tristan reached out and pulled Kira to him. He grabbed her wrist—the one with the devil’s mark—and turned it. I couldn’t see the actual mark, but the simmering rage that suddenly flared to life along the bond was answer enough. “How long?” her sire asked with a warning growl. When she remained silent, he bared his fangs and snarled. “How long?” he repeated, and I inwardly winced as I felt the pull of the sire bond.
“A week,” she squeaked and tried to pull away.
“A week?” Jailyn asked, almost shouting. I pushed myself up and swung my legs to the floor, practically panting with the exertion as I slumped backward. Brianna dropped heavily down beside me and rested her head on my shoulder.
“This should be entertaining,” Jailyn’s youngest childe muttered under her breath.
“Bring her here,” Freya said as she came to sit on the arm of the couch.
“Yes,” Jailyn said and sat on the edge of the table. “We want a look, too. Though, I have a good idea why you want to bite her head off.” Still growling, Tristan flashed over to us and all but dropped Kira onto her ass. The fledgling winced and grabbed the table before she could fall backward onto the floor. Jailyn’s hand shot out and grabbed her arm, turning it until we all could see the mark. I stared at it, and then blinked to make sure that I was seeing it correctly. The branded skull looked like it was pulsing, and it was a dark, dark red color.
“What does it mean?” Aisley asked from behind me. I leaned forward, reaching out and weakly grabbing hold of Tristan’s arm before he could kill someone. He turned to me, and Brianna moved to make room for him. He took her place beside me and pulled me halfway into his arms. Brianna, who was on his other side, put a hand on my head and gently pushed it down, until it was resting against his arm.
“Before you pass out,” she muttered for my ears and his only.
“She’s trying to control me,” Kira finally answered with a resigned sigh.
“And you didn’t tell us this sooner, because…” Jailyn prompted her.
“I didn’t want anyone to worry about me,” she mumbled. “With everything else…” She trailed off and looked at the floor. Tristan stopped growling, but I could still feel his rage through the bond. It lessened slightly, as if waiting to explode at any moment.
“The children are here,” Evelyn said softly from the kitchen.
“Later,” Jailyn growled. “And you’re not leaving my home until you tell me everything.” Kira winced, but nodded. “Sathia!” the necromancer shouted. “Get your ass out here! You too, Zavar!” There was a blast of fire, and a second later, two demons were standing in the living room with us.
“You called?” Sathia drawled, looking amused. Jailyn rolled her eyes, shaking her head as she waved them over. The demoness smirked as she and Zavar crossed the room to us. “What’s going on?” she asked, all seriousness back in place.
“I want you guys in the void.”
Sathia blinked. “Did you say the void?”
“I did.”
“Why?”
“Just for precaution.”
She nodded. “Who’s dying?”
“Me,” Astrid said and waved. “Probably.” The two demons nodded, before vanishing in a cloud of black smoke. Jane, Ryah, Lily, Peyton, Ashley, and Corinne entered the room a minute later. Jailyn nodded to Freya, who dropped the barrier around Astrid. Bridget’s twin sister came around the couch and walked to the center of the living room, looking slightly nervous as Sarisa exited the kitchen and walked to stand in front of her. Freya got to her feet and followed them. She stopped a few yards from them and waited.
“Let’s sit,” the huntress said and pulled Astrid down with her. “I have no idea what’s going to happen.” Brianna took in a deep breath, before standing and walking over to them. The other six joined her, creating a circle around the two. Outside the circle, Freya, Nolita, Riana, and Breelyn stood at each point of the cardinal compass; Freya to the north, Riana east, Breelyn south, and Nolita to the west. I wondered if they were going to light candles next. At that thought, Freya rolled her eyes at me and shook her head. Hannah, Ayla, Aliyah, and Braden also entered the room, and I blinked stupidly at them as they took up the northeast, northwest, southeast, and southwest respectively, closing the outer circle. The Blood Moon and the Nightshade Covens under one roof, doing a spell for the first time. This should be interesting, I thought and hoped Jailyn’s house was still standing when it was all said and done. Tristan wrapped his arms around me and held me close as a sudden surge of power filled the room.
“All right,” Riana said and looked around the room as Bridget entered, Arvid in her arms. “Everybody is in place. That’s good. Don’t forget to hold hands. It’s overkill, I know.” She took in a deep breath and steadied herself as the girls linked hands. “Better safe than not.” She looked to Jailyn and waved her hand around the room. “Who’s in the void and the abyss?”
“Jesric, Sathia, Zavar, and Friasa are in the void. Amaya, Violet, Kindri, Slade, Sven, Brynna, Cole, and Rory are in the abyss,” the necromancer replied and smiled. “Allia, Rebecka, and Riordan are also with them.”
Riana nodded. “Total overkill, but nonetheless, let’s get started. The demons in the void will make sure that the spell goes off without any trouble.” She held out a hand to Freya, who placed a blue-wax-sealed white scroll on her palm. She cracked it opened and unrolled the parchment. From my position, I couldn’t see what was written on it. Did she write the spell? I silently asked Tristan. Yes, he growled softly into my mind. She did. I nodded and snuggled into him as he pulled the blanket back over me. “Did you girls memorize the scroll?” Riana asked them and inclined her head to Sarisa as they nodded an affirmative. The huntress pulled the human into her lap and tore her wrist open, before pressing the bleeding wound to Astrid’s mouth. “Very well.” She took in another deep breath and let it out slowly. “Repeat after me,” the witch said and cleared her throat. “I luften andas det. På jorden omfattar den. I eld brinner det. I vatten läker det. I blod binds det. Tillsammans är de en. Skicka ut kraften att övergå sinnet, kroppen och själen. Skicka fram förmågan att utöva kraften som läker. Inget mer. Inget mindre. I detta ska det göras. I detta ska det beviljas. Sinne till sinne. Blod till blod. Låt kunskapen flyta från en till en annan. Låt en annan dela i den kunskap som fritt ges. Låt en annan ta sin plats. Inget mer. Inget mindre. I detta ska det göras. I detta ska det beviljas. I luften andas det. På jorden omfattar den. I eld brinner det. I vatten läker det. I blod binds det. Tillsammans är de en.” By the third repetition of the spell, the girls were shouting. I could’ve sworn that Riana was doing a happy little dance in her head as she watched. When the third repetition was done, the silence that followed was oppressive as fuck. Sarisa pulled her wrist back and licked the wound closed as she stared down at Astrid, who was unconscious. I waited with bated breath as the sound of rushing blood grew louder and louder in my ears. If this kept up, I was going to pass out for real.
“Is she alive?” Bridget asked as she held her breath. One of her hands ran up and down Arvid’s back as she stared expectantly at her sister. No one said a word as we waited. As the seconds passed by with no movement from Astrid, she became more and more nervous. I didn’t blame her in the slightest. Hell, I was surprise that she wasn’t screaming, crying, and demanding answers from us. After what felt like an eternity, which was probably only like five minutes in reality, Astrid sucked in a sharp breath, gasping in air like it was the best thing in the world.
“Phew,” Lily said in relief. “She’s alive.” The relief was short lived, because a second later, a blinding light the color of glacial blue, exploded from Astrid and sent everyone standing flying across the room. I buried my face in Tristan’s arm and cursed as my eyeballs felt like they have been seared through and dropped into a boiling vat of acid. Tristan shifted me forward slightly and buried his face in my hair as he groaned and cursed colorfully in several languages known to mankind.
“Fuck!” Sarisa exclaimed as the white spots in my vision refused to go away. Riana muttered something under her breath, and I didn’t dare look to see what was happening.
“Sorry!” Astrid said loudly over the yelling and cursing. “Sorry!”
“I’m going to kill her,” Tristan growled into my hair. I smirked and weakly elbowed him. “What?”
“You will not,” I said with a sigh as the sensation of hot and cold waves came over me. Tristan growled and gently squeezed me as he sat up straighter. A second later, a startled gasp escaped me as what felt like lightning shot through my entire body. He held me as I convulsed in his arms. “What the fuck?” I spluttered as energy zinged through me like, well, like lightning.
“I figure you could use a few volts or two,” Freya said in amusement as she ruffled my hair. “You are welcome.” I slowly opened my eyes and sat up. I glared at her and rubbed at my tears.
“Fuck, that hurt.”
“I concur.” Sighing, I dropped my hands and looked around; my eyes still halfway closed. Hell, I was still leaking.
“Is everyone okay?” I asked. “Astrid?”
“I’m okay,” Astrid said and rubbed her hands together. I arched an eyebrow and stared pointedly at her hands. “They’re tingling. I’m trying to get rid of it.”
“Ah. Gotcha.” She shook them vigorously and sighed.
“You’ll get used to the feeling after a while,” Sarisa said and smiled. “Give it some time.” Astrid nodded and reached for her son, who was all but bouncing in place and growling at no one in particular. To be honest, it was cute. I smiled and playfully growled at the boy. Arvid wrapped his arms around his mother and roared at me. Chuckling, I turned to Freya and inclined my head in question.
“The spell seems to be working,” I said and took the hot bag of blood from Skyler. “The question is, did it really?” Freya smiled and nodded. “Thank the…” I looked up at the ceiling and frowned. “Hmm. Universe? Yeah, I’ll go with universe for now.” I sank my fangs into the bag of blood and shuddered as the hot liquid went down my throat.
“As long it’s not the fates, right?” Skyler asked and smirked. “They’re a bunch of bitches.”
“Aren’t they the same thing?” Kira asked and leaned against my leg.
“Stuff it. You’re not helping.”
“Humph.”
“I’ll just ignore you both,” I said and watched the others slowly pulled themselves together.
“Okay,” Jailyn said and nudged Kira aside. “Time to do something about this curse or whatever that’s on Ari. Everyone who doesn’t have to be here, go somewhere else.”
“Great,” I said dryly and glowered at her. “This should be fun.”
She smirked. “Don’t worry. I won’t make you wear a tinfoil hat. Just… relax.” With a sigh, I leaned back into Tristan and closed my eyes.
“Whatever you say,” I mumbled. “Whatever you say.” She reached out a hand, running her fingers through my hair as the cold wash of necromantic magic came over me. A second later, I was out like a light.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-eight

KIRA

“Don’t think that I’ve forgotten about you.” With a silent groan, I dropped the book I was flipping through and turned halfway in my chair to look at Jailyn.
“I didn’t think that you had,” I said dryly and wrapped my arms around the back of the chair. “I was hoping you’d wait until next week.”
“Oh, not a chance, sweetling,” she said and walked into her own office. “What are you reading?”
“All Things Magical 101.”
“Hmm.”
“Where is Tristan?”
“He’s on the balcony with Evelyn and Casiar.”
“Is he pissed? I couldn’t tell since, you know, he growls nonstop. You can tell what mood he’s in just by the volume and ferociousness of his growls and snarls.”
She chuckled. “In that case, what do you think?”
“I think he wants to kill me.”
She smirked. “Oh, trust me. That’s normal. We try to kill each other every day.”
“Don’t I know it,” I muttered and stared at the light blue carpet, as if I found something really interesting to look at down there.
“All right,” Jailyn said heavily and straightened from the wall she was leaning against. She closed the distance between us and held out a hand. “Let me see it.” Sitting up straighter in my chair, I held out my right arm to her. “No longer red, I see.” Her cool fingers closed around my wrist as she took a good look at it. “Does it hurt?”
“It sometimes burns like a bitch.”
“How often, and for how long?”
Frowning, I shrugged. “Not often, and it only lasts for like a couple of seconds.”
She looked up at the ceiling and rolled her eyes. “Humph. Only, she says. Sometimes, she says.” Jailyn grumbled under her breath and shook her head at me. I scowled. “Honestly,” she said and ran a finger over the mark. “Children, these days.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I asked indignantly.
“Don’t be flippant with me,” she warned as Ari entered. Well, she more like staggered in. “Not the time for it.”
“I want to witness,” Ari mumbled and fell onto the nearest thing, which was, luckily, a couch. “Please, do continue. Just ignore me. Not the time for what?”
“Ari,” Jailyn said, sounding highly exasperated. “You should still be asleep.”
“I sleep too much. If I sleep, I’ll miss all of the fun.” She sighed and grabbed up one of the pillows, hugging it to her chest even as her eyes fluttered shut. Jailyn dropped my arm and nodded to herself.
“Let me know if it starts to burn again, or if anything else happens.” She glared at me. “Got it?” I nodded. “No playing the let’s-see-and-wait game.” Ari sighed and opened her eyes to glare at me, too. Scowling, I held up my hands defensively.
“I swear,” I said. “I’ll let someone know if anything happens.”
“Good,” Jailyn said and walked over to Ari. “I will hold you to that.” She pulled Ari to her feet—with the pillow—and exited the office. Taking a deep breath, I turned back to the book and closed it. Picking it up, I got to my feet and walked over to the bookshelf. With a scowl, I slipped the book back into its place and strode from the office.
“Where are you off to?” Ari called from one of the guest rooms.
“I need my chocolate fix,” I called back to her.
“Of course you do,” she said with a sigh.
“You want anything?”
“Yes. You, to not eat chocolate for a month. Is that too much to ask?”
I scowled. “Yes, yes it is,” I muttered and opened the door.
“I’ll see you at home,” she called after me as I stepped outside and closed it.
“She’s a charm,” Eveleigh said, looking amused.
“Shhh,” I said. “She can still hear you.”
She smirked and shrugged. “Where you headed?”
“To cause some mischief. Want to come?”
“Wouldn’t dream of missing out on the fun.” I nodded and made my way down the driveway. “Where to?”
“Going to grab a few accomplices.”
“Sounds promising.” I snorted and mentally reached out to Skyler and Brianna. They appeared a minute later, falling in step with me as I wandered the streets. Brianna handed me my sunglasses, and I gladly slipped them on as we turned down a side street.
“So,” I said. “Before you ask, I feel like blowing something up.”
“Wow,” Skyler said and blinked at me. “Where the fuck is Kira, and what the fuck did you do with her? I want the other one back. Like. ASAP.” She frowned. “I take that back, I like this one better.” I snorted and turned onto the hidden dirt path that led deep into the heart of Council HQ. I knew that there were explosives at home, but I didn’t want to face my sire or Ari, who would have no problem delving into my head. “Well, to the armory, then.”
“The question is,” Brianna said, amused. “What are we blowing up? Soda cans?”
“That’s for shooting,” Eveleigh said dryly as we entered the building.
“And blowing up. I did it a few months ago.””
“Oh, and you didn’t invite me to watch the show?” I asked and scowled at her.
She shrugged. “Sorry. It was only a tiny explosion.”
“Is that what Ari will say if I ask her?” Eveleigh asked and jabbed the elevator call button.
“If you are, please wait until after we’re done,” I said as the doors slid open and we stepped inside. I hit the button that’d take us to the sublevel eighth floor and leaned against the wall.
“So, will it just be the four of us?” Brianna asked a minute later as we exited the elevator.
“Probably,” I said and made my way to the council chamber.
“It will not!” Natalia exclaimed, and I almost fell as I came to an abrupt stop.
“Where the hell did you come from?” I spluttered as she jogged up to us. Brianna snickered and pushed open the doors.
“Come on,” the little girl said and all but dragged me inside. “Ari’s stash of explosives are in the side room.”
“How do you know that?” I asked, still spluttering as she pulled me to the door that was off to the side.
“We watch her work every now and then,” Skyler said and opened it.
“And where was I?”
“On the streets or on your laptop.” She shrugged and walked to the table. On it were weird-looking devices. They were strategically laid out, and I was honestly afraid to put a finger on one of them.
“Aren’t there grenades around here? Somewhere?”
“Of course,” Natalia said and walked over to one of the crates lining one wall. The room itself was nothing to look at. Other than the four white walls and concrete floor, there was nothing other than a few tables and a bunch of crates. Oh, and cardboard boxes… and a few bookshelves. I went over to one of them and pulled out a book. I quickly flipped through it, and unsurprisingly, the diagrams, weird symbols, and colorful squiggly things made my brain hurt. I closed it and replaced it back on the shelf. “We can use whatever’s in the crates,” Natalia continued and pulled out a grenade. Skyler quickly plucked it out of her hand, her expression somewhere between panic and WTF. Natalia huffed and rolled her eyes. “I won’t blow up the building,” the girl said, exasperated. “Besides, the pin is still in place.”
“That may be,” Skyler said and scowled down at her. “But you’re not handling bombs until…” She paused. “Until Ari gives the okay.”
The little girl sighed. “Fine,” she said and grumbled under her breath. “That will be a century from now.” Still grumbling, she waved to the tables. “Can’t use any of those. Ari’s still tinkering with them.” I nodded as Eveleigh walked around the room and took in everything.
“Okay, let’s get moving,” Brianna said and opened up another crate. “We don’t want to be caught here.” Skyler nodded and began to load up. The others did the same, and then Brianna teleported us away.
We appeared in the middle of nowhere. Literally. There was nothing but cornstalks all around us. “What the fuck?” I asked and looked at Brianna. “Um, where are we?”
“Um…” Brianna said slowly as her face turned bright red. Natalia snickered and weaved her way between the stalks. “Let’s try this again,” Brianna said as everything went dark. A split second later, we appeared back in California.
“Let’s hit Silver Lake,” Eveleigh said as she looked around.
“Why there?” Natalia asked as she wiped dirt from her butt.
“Braden just told me that there are a couple of rogue hideouts we can hit. He’s going to meet us at the nearest one.” I nodded and glanced at Brianna. A second later, everything once again went dark.
“Wheeeeee,” Natalia exclaimed as we appeared somewhere else. The girl did some acrobatics midair, before landing lightly on her feet and looking around. We were standing in a small parking lot of a bookstore, and I frowned at the sign on the window.
“Hmm,” I said as Braden joined us. “Wonder why it’s closed.”
“The owner has been dead for a while,” the witch said and shrugged. “There are about twenty rogues under the store.” I gulped and continued to look around. “Not to worry, I’ve cast a silencing spell. No one can hear us, and before you ask, I also cast a veil over the parking lot.” He inclined his head to Brianna. “If you like, you can test it.”
“It’s okay,” Brianna replied and walked to the door. “I’ll take your word for it.” Squinting her eyes, she peered through the glass.
“See anything interesting?” Skyler asked.
“Just a bunch of dusty boxes and a smashed cash register.” Her nose wrinkled in disgust as she took a step back.
“And old blood,” I said and held my breath.
“All over the walls and floor, too,” Eveleigh muttered and shook her head. “Let’s just blow the whole damn place up.”
“I agree,” Braden said and smirked. “I have Astrid’s sister on running interference.”
“I’m here,” Hannah said from somewhere nearby.
“And Hannah on media scrambling,” Braden finished and waved to her as she entered the veiled area of influence.
“Hey, excuse me. I’m also in on the action.” She glared at him. “We’re going to kill some of them before blowing them up, right?”
“Great idea,” I said and walked to the door. “let’s hope they aren’t…” I frowned. “Older than us by much. If they are, we’re so fucked.”
“My sister is on lookout,” Hannah said and grinned.
I blinked. “She knows about the supernatural world?”
“Of course she does. I’m not going to hide my magic from her. Besides, one day, she might wake up her own magic.”
“You have a point,” I said, nodding. “Speaking of magic, did you figure out your primary?” I paused. “That is… if you want to tell us.”
“Hmm,” she said and frowned. “Freya called me a scrambler.”
I arched an eyebrow. “Like… electronic scrambling?”
“More than that. She said I may be able to scramble brains.”
“Holy shit,” Skyler muttered and took a cautious step away from her. “Please, I beg of you, don’t rewire my brain.”
Hannah laughed. “I doubt it’s that easy.”
“With a lot of practice, it will be a breeze to you,” a melodic voice said sweetly from… somewhere. I spun around, gasping as I look for the source of the voice. An exasperated sigh sounded in my head as the others scanned their surroundings. “You can’t see me,” Jailyn said, and I had the distinct feeling that she rolled her eyes.
“Where are you?” Skyler asked in confusion.
“In the abyss.”
“Oh,” I said, slightly surprised. “Are you going to murder us?” The air rippled around us, a split second before a scowling Jailyn appeared. She looked around, and then toward the sky. “I’ll take that as a yes,” I said slowly and eyed her cautiously.
“No, Kira,” the necromancer finally replied after a minute and several deep breaths. She glared at me. “I’m not going to kill you. I’ll leave that honor to your sire.”
I gulped. “You told him?” I asked as dread came over me.
She sighed. “I didn’t. However, you and I know that, soon enough, he will find out.” She closed the distance between us and placed a cool finger under my chin. Lifting it, she stared deeply into my eyes. “And don’t think for one second that he will not,” she said softly. After another minute of searching for something, she dropped her hand and glanced at Skyler. “You,” she continued, and it didn’t look like she was going to stop anytime soon. I was suddenly glad for Braden’s privacy spells. “I don’t know what you were thinking.” She paused. “Forget I said that, because I can just as easily find out.” She scowled, and then Skyler flinched to whatever was silently said to her. “You may want to think of her the next time you decide to do something foolish.” She smiled, but it wasn’t the friendly kind. “I think she may very well just kill you.” Skyler took in a deep breath, saying nothing as she nodded. “Natalia, I don’t know your sire very well to predict what he will do, but I am sure that Ari will have a long, long talk with you.” She glowered down at the vampire-child and shook her head. “Brianna, you and I will talk later, and as for you, Eveleigh. Out of every vampire here, you should know better.” She let out another exasperated sigh and looked at the witches. “You’re lucky I don’t rule you, but I will speak to Freya about this matter.” Braden winced, but kept his silence. “Now, does anybody have something they would like to say?”
“Are you going to stop us?” I asked and shifted nervously. I really didn’t want to go home and face the music. At least, not yet.
“No, I won’t. If things go horrible, let it be a lesson to you all.” Clearly disappointed in us, she vanished without another word.
“Okay,” I said slowly. “Anyone out?” When I got no answer, I nodded, inwardly letting out a sigh of relief. “Let’s skip the first part.”
“Fine with me,” Brianna said as Eveleigh took the explosives from us.
“I’ll make this quick,” she said and was gone. And before you ask, she continued in my head. I’m rigging up the place. Also, we need to activate the remote as soon as possible. Preferably before they get a whiff of tar. Oh, we’re using C-4s. Kira, hit the button when I tell you to; not a second before or after. Got it?
“Got it,” I said as Skyler carefully pulled out the small remote.
“Let’s get out of here first.” She grabbed my upper arm and flashed us several blocks away.
“Hannah?” I called to her as she stopped running.
“I’m fine,” the witch muttered and disappeared around the side of a building. I frowned, and then shrugged as I took the remote from Skyler.
“I think she’s a little pissed off that we’re not going to personally kill them,” she said as she stared after the witch. Now, Eveleigh suddenly said into my mind. And with that, I hit the button.

JAILYN

“I’M. Going. To kill them,” Tristan growled from beside me as we watched them from afar.
“You and me both,” I muttered as the ground rumbled under our feet. “There goes one,” I said dryly as a loud explosion deafened us. It was followed by another explosion a second later, and we watched as mushroom clouds shot toward the sky. Unsurprisingly, the entire building was consumed in flames within seconds. “Well, that’s out of their system.” I glanced at Tristan. “Does Ari know?” He nodded. Approaching sirens could be heard in the distance, and I sighed. “Should we check for stragglers?” Without a word, Tristan disappeared. “I’ll take that as an affirmative,” I said to empty air and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Twenty-nine

JORDANA

Cool wind breezed through my hair as I stood outside the window of a secluded home. Inside were two witches, and I had no doubt that they knew I was here. Magic prickled every inch of my skin like a million needles. Also, I wasn’t trying to be stealthy. I wanted them to know that I was nearby. I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly as I peered into the cluttered kitchen. Luckily, there were no wards around the property. I reached out a hand and slowly inched it toward the window. An electrical shock suddenly zapped me, rushing into my hand, up my arm to course throughout my entire body. It went off a foot from making contact with the glass, and I rode through the pain as I hit the ground, convulsing. By this point, I was used to all kinds of pain. Hell, I was nearly desensitized to it. After a minute, the convulsion eased, and I panted as I stared up at the night sky. “Well, look at what we have here,” a cool, male voice drawled.
“Rainbows and unicorns?” I asked and chuckled as I pushed myself into a sitting position. “How about glittering bunnies?” The blond witch stared at me incredulously. “No, you don’t like those?” I pouted and crossed my arms. “Fine, how about an insane vampire who’s going to kick your fucking ass?” With that, I jumped to my feet and launched myself at him. I crashed into a dark blue barrier, bouncing off of it and landing on my ass. “Okay,” I said cheerfully. “That was unimpressive on my part.” I smirked at his bored look and sighed, before letting go of my hold on reality. My vision took on a blurry hue, as if in a dream. The rage that was always there, deep down inside me, flared to life. I let out a low snarl and bared my fangs. Hot and cold waves of sensation washed over me as I dodged the myriad of bolts that came at me. With a feral snarl, I slammed into the barrier, growling and hissing as I pummeled it. It rippled under my onslaught, and I ignored the burning stab of pain that repeatedly slammed into my head and back. After a minute of it, I screamed and punched the barrier with all the strength I could muster. The witch let out a scream of his own as the back lash of his magic slammed into him. Hot blood poured from my multiple wounds as I lunged for him. Something cold and sharp slid into my gut as I buried my fangs into his throat and ripped it out. Hot, sweet, sweet blood assaulted my senses, and I growled as I quickly drained him. When I was done, I flashed to my feet, in time to get a face full of fireball. White-hot agony came over me, and I cackled, even as I screamed. My face felt like someone had poured acid over my head. I couldn’t see, but I could sense that more witches had arrived. More spells slammed into me, forcing me to my hands and knees. An icicle slammed into the side of my neck, and I gurgled as blood poured from my mouth. Reaching up, I yanked it out and threw it. A startled gasp met my ears, and I smiled at the thump of a body hitting the ground. Another fireball came toward my face, but before it could make contact, I jumped to my feet and launched myself at the nearest witch. “Die!” I exclaimed as we hit the ground. I grabbed her head and smashed it against the pavement. “Die! Die! Die!” Pulling out a revolver, I began shooting. It was still deafening to my sensitive ears, even with the silencer in place. Not expecting me to have a gun, they fell, one by one as I decisively put a bullet into their skulls. Well, most of them. The remaining three witches hid inside their magical barriers, looking shocked. I blinked and grinned in their direction. My eyes, halfway healed, made out the colorful barriers. They swam in and out of focus as I forced myself to stop shooting. The bullets were acid-coated silver, but a bullet was a bullet, and these witches were all humans. With a sigh, I pocketed the gun and slowly rose to my feet. “I guess three is better than one,” I said as I continued to bleed out. Still grinning, I stopped blocking the sire bond and laughed as I pulled three vials full of black powder from my pocket. I threw them at the witches, unable to breathe because I was laughing too hard. As the vials made contact with the barriers, they popped like bubbles, instantly knocking out the witches as the backlash overwhelmed them.
“Why?” Sven growled, looking both pained and exasperated as he came to a stop in front of me. I looked down and watched the knife slowly exiting my body.
“Huh,” I said casually and gripped the bloody hilt. With one quick motion, I pulled it out with a grunt and sent it flying through the air. It was meant for one of the downed witches, but Freya appeared in its path and caught it. The ground was suddenly rushing up to meet me, and I blinked stupidly at it as my sire’s arms came around me.
“That is enough excitement for tonight, sweetheart,” Sven growled softly in my ear as everything went black.
“Drink,” Liana said as hot blood poured into my mouth. A grunt escaped her as I sank my fangs hard into her wrist. My stomach clenched painfully from hunger, and I snarled as I tried to get blood into me as fast as possible. Hands clamped down on my shoulders, and I struggled against Sven as she pulled her arm back. Tristan appeared in my line of vision, and I froze as his eyes met mine. He looked like he wanted to murder someone. I mentally frowned. Oh, wait, that was normal for him. Sighing, he reached out and pulled me out of Liana’s arms and into his. His cool fingers gripped the back of my neck, and I took in a deep breath as I braced myself. I stared at his jugular, trying not to drool as saliva continued to build in my mouth.
“Have at it,” Tristan growled, sounding amused as his arms tightened around me. I gave in and buried my fangs into his neck with a growling hiss. He stiffened as venom surged into him. Before I could pull away, his hand moved to the back of my head and held me in place. No, I thought and continued to swallow the hot blood that crackled and popped as it slid down my throat. No-no-no. Bad. Bad-bad-bad. Tristan’s own hunger slammed into me before it was quickly blocked. His hand on my head didn’t ease up, so I continued to feed. It was either that, or he was going to make me. After a long couple of minutes that felt like eternity, I retracted my fangs and pulled back. Tristan loosened his hold on me, and I quickly rolled from his lap, before getting to my feet. He swiped a trickle of blood from his neck as he stood. Walking into the kitchen, he quickly washed away the trickle of blood. I looked around and found Freya standing at the corner of the living room, muttering under her breath. Sven groaned and rubbed his temples. Tristan chuckled darkly, and I hunched into myself as aggression swirled through the air.
“OH, dear,” Jailyn said from behind me. “Tristan, are you going to fight me?” she asked as he joined us. Silence hung in the air, and I gulped as I looked around. “Are you blocking Ari?” she continued and stepped toward him as his eyes glazed over.
“He’s blocking all of us,” Sven said and walked over to Freya, who was continuing to mutter under her breath.
“Good,” the necromancer said, a split second before Casiar appeared behind him and backstabbed him with a tendril of shadow. At the same time, Jailyn got him from the front. I winced as Tristan screamed in rage. Shadows swirled around him and forced him to the floor as they writhed and pulsed. Freya and Sven restrained themselves from helping their sire as Casiar and Jailyn lifted him up between them and took him downstairs.
“Sorry, brother,” Casiar said, sounding not sorry at all. I smirked and followed them as they tossed him into an empty room. I picked up a training dummy and looked at it quizzically.
“Want a dummy to beat up on?” I asked and snickered as I walked toward Jailyn and Casiar. In response to my question, I got a feral snarl from the pitched black room. Jailyn put a hand on my shoulder, stopping me from getting any closer.
“Put that away,” Casiar said with a chuckle.
“Fine,” I said with a sigh and set down the dummy. He rolled his eyes, and then grunted, putting a hand on Jailyn as she cursed and stumbled.
“They’re here,” Jailyn said and picked up the dummy. It vanished a second later, and I looked up as Sven came down the stairs with four humans following behind him.
“Can I have one?” I asked and reached out for one of the humans. Casiar’s hand closed around my own as blood trickled from his eyes. Pouting, I pulled my hand free and crossed my arms. “You’re no fun,” I grumbled and flashed back upstairs. I ran into Liana, almost knocking her over in the process. Her arms quickly came around me as she steadied us both.
“What has you in such a hurry?” she mused, even as I scowled at her.
“Nothing at all,” Evelyn said sweetly and placed her hands on my shoulders. “Right?” A shudder ran through me at the shock of the contact, and I resisted the urge to shake myself of the creepy feeling that washed over me.
“Right,” I agreed and turned to her. She smirked and dropped her hands from me.
“Thank you for the witches.” She chuckled and shook her head. “Wish I was there to watch you take down most of them.”
I grinned. “It was fun.”
“I bet it was. Now, come to the kitchen and grab yourself a bag of blood.” I groaned, but did as I was told. They followed me as I made my way into the kitchen. Yanking the fridge open, I grabbed a bag and popped it into the microwave. A squeal suddenly filled the silence, and a startled yelp escaped me as I spun around.
“No eat-no eat,” the imp squeaked as she tried her best to free herself from Freya, who had her wings in an unbreakable hold and looked about ready to bite her; demon or not.
“Sixty seconds,” Freya said coolly and slightly tightened her grip on the wings. Rozalia squealed in pain and rapidly nodded her head. After a few seconds of hesitation, she released the imp and took a step back.
“I did what you asked,” Rozalia squeaked as she fluttered her wings to keep from hitting the floor. “Still alive-still alive.”
“Excellent,” she said with a smile, and then the house shook ominously. I grabbed the edge of the counter to keep from falling on my face. After a moment, it settled, and I was able to retrieve my hot bag of blood. I quickly sank my fangs into the plastic and drained it before some other surprises could occur. “Where are they?”
“In the abyss,” the imp lisped and flew toward the ceiling.
“Hmm,” Freya growled under her breath, nodding. I tossed the empty blood bag in the trash and leaned against the counter as I surreptitiously looked around.
“Tristan no longer has the urge to rampage,” Liana called out to us from the living room.
“Much,” she finished after a short pause. I snorted and eyed Evelyn nervously as her eyes got a faraway look to them. After a moment, she nodded to herself and smirked.
“Bring them here,” Freya said to the hovering imp. A second later, she was gone.
“Rogues are out front,” Brianna said as she appeared in the archway.
“How many?” Evelyn asked.
“Like… half a dozen.” Evelyn nodded and disappeared. A second later, the windows behind me exploded inward.
“Fuck!” I screamed as a million shards crashed into me. Someone suddenly grabbed me and tossed me out of the kitchen as colorful spells flew through the air. “Mother! Fucker!” I yelled at the top of my lungs, before hitting the wall and going through it. I landed hard on my back, and I grunted in pain as I saw stars.
“Here,” Sven growled, and I suddenly found hot blood pouring into my mouth. I quickly swallowed and took a long pull of his blood before pushing him away. He pulled me to my feet, and I winced as the shards exited my body and plinked to the floor. “Stay close.” I nodded and flashed after him. Once outside, I didn’t waste any time jumping into the battle.

UNKNOWN ROGUE

“Fuck. This,” I groaned, and sucker punched a fledgling in the face. She staggered back a few steps, before falling onto her ass. She glared up at me as blood poured from her nose, before slowing to a trickle.
“You shouldn’t have done that,” the blonde said and grinned. I arched an eyebrow, and she pointed behind me. “You’ll only piss off my sire,” she finished as I spun around. White-hot agony slammed into me, and I dropped to my knees with a scream. All I could see was white as ice-cold fingers wrapped around my throat and slowly squeezed. The ground under me shifted, and I knew that I had been teleported out of the fight.
“I was deciding on who I should pick for questioning,” a deep voice growled as the hand relaxed around my neck, before dropping away entirely. “You just made my decision for me.” An oppressive weight settled over me, and I shuddered as I tried to get air into my lungs. My brain felt like it was going to explode from my skull at any moment as eerie silence hung in the air.
“Do I get to search him?” a female voice asked from beside me.
“Yes,” the other vampire replied grudgingly.
“Why, Tristan, are you jealous?” In response, she got another growl. At the mention of his name, my stomach clenched painfully, and a cold wash of dread came over me. The female—it had to be Ari—chuckled and placed her hands on my shoulders. She pulled me to my feet and spun me around to face her. Still, all I could see was white as Tristan kept a firm mental grip on my mind. He hadn’t tried to break through my barriers yet, but that was just a matter of time. “Nothing personal,” Ari said to me as she grabbed a hold of my shirt and ripped it off me. “Wait, what is this?” Her warm fingers prodded my stomach, and I shuddered as the oppressive feeling intensified. “It looks like the same mark on Kira, but it’s not so… visible.”
“It is,” Tristan said as another presence entered the room. From the cold wash of magic and the slight metallic scent, it was a necromancer.
“He’s right,” another male voice said, and I screamed as what felt like a blade cut into me. An ice numbing feeling washed over me, and I dropped to the floor as all of my strength left me. The death grip on my mind also loosened slightly, and my vision slowly returned as I gasped in agony. The necromancer shoved me onto my back, and I let out another scream as he placed a hand on my stomach. I arched my back as a tendril of shadow stabbed deep into me, and my muscles seized as another wave of pain lanced into me.
“What are you doing?” Ari asked and knelt beside me.
“Draining the mark,” the necromancer said and glanced at me. “At the state it’s in, I’m able to remove it.” She nodded and smiled as she patted my cheek.
“Don’t worry,” she said with a chuckle. “It will all be over soon. I promise.” And it was, a few seconds later. Though, it felt like an eternity to me. “Thanks, Jesric,” Ari said and smirked. “See?” she said to me. “That wasn’t so bad.” She frowned. “Was it?”
“Ari,” Tristan growled, sounding exasperated. “Stop taunting him.”
“What?” she asked defensively. “It was only a rhetorical question.” He rolled his eyes and grabbed my upper arm, yanking me to my feet. Jesric shoved a chair at the back of my legs, and I collapsed onto it with a grunt.
“Now,” Tristan growled. I hissed as invisible bands of steel locked my arms and legs in place. “Allow me access to your mind.”
“Fuck,” I huffed and glared at him. “You.”
“Hey,” Ari said with a scowl. “That’s my job.” Sighing, Tristan grabbed the only other chair in the room and sat across from me.
“We’re going to have a civil conversation, now?” I asked and breathed through the pain. God, did it hurt.
“Shocking, isn’t it?” he asked sarcastically and leaned forward, until his solid white eyes met mine. Surprisingly, my vision didn’t blur or go out of focus. “I’ll repeat myself,” Tristan said, sounding calmer than a minute ago. In my peripheral vision, I saw the surprised look coming over Ari and Jesric before it was quickly gone. “Allow me access to your mind.”
“Never,” I hissed and bared my fangs at him. He glanced at Ari and scowled, before nodding. The invisible bands around me flexed, before disappearing altogether. I blinked in confusion, and then jumped to my feet. Grabbing the chair, I bashed it over Tristan’s head. Or… tried to. Instead of hitting my intended target, it smashed against the floor.
“I’m trying not to laugh,” Ari said and snickered. “I really am.” She continued to snicker, and I gasped in pain as something hard slammed into my back. The sound of my spine snapping was loud to my own ears as I, once again, hit the floor.
“Fucking. Viking,” I snarled through gritted teeth. Ari stopped snickering, and Tristan chuckled as he repeatedly crushed my spine.
“I haven’t heard that in over five thousand years,” he drawled as I waited for another wave of pain. When it didn’t come, I inwardly let out a sigh of relief.
“At least it’s something new,” Ari said dryly and chuckled. Jesric harrumphed and stood guard at the door, shadowy figures writhing around him, as if trying to escape. I could’ve sworn I saw a pair of glowing green eyes behind him, but they were there one second and gone in the next. Tristan took in a deep breath and slowly let it out.
“Fledgling,” he growled, and I suddenly found myself looking up at the ceiling. “I’ll say this one more time.” He grabbed my chin with cold fingers and turned my head until I was looking at him. Leaning down, he grazed his fangs along my jugular. “You would do well to comply,” he growled softly into my ear as I stiffened, fighting the urge to shove him away. “If you refuse again, Jordana is standing impatiently right outside the door. I’m sure you know who she is, yes?” I stilled, not even breathing as sudden terror came over me. Everybody knew who she was, or had heard of her.
“Don’t forget about me,” a female sang from outside the door.
“Ah, yes. Brynna is with her, as well.” After a moment, he chuckled and leaned back, releasing me. “So,” he said conversationally, as if we were just… chatting about the weather. “Allow me access to your mind.” I swallowed hard, shaking my head.
“I don’t know anything,” I said and pushed myself into a sitting position.
“Is that so?” he asked softly and smirked. He nodded to Jesric, who stepped aside and pulled the door open to reveal two tall blondes smiling at him. One of them was practically bouncing on her toes. Oh fucking shit, I thought, a split second before burning pain ripped into my neck, and everything went black.

JORDANA

“Oh fucking shit is right,” I hissed and stepped into the room. I flashed to Tristan and wrapped my arms around him from behind. He paused in his feeding and growled. “Don’t drain him,” I said in a staged whisper. “You’ll put him in torpor, and it wouldn’t be fun if he’s not awake.” He growled and bit harder into the rogue’s neck. After a long pull, he reluctantly withdrew his fangs. With one quick move, he reached back and swung me around to face him, forcing me to let go of his neck. I grunted as I slammed into his chest. His arms came around me, holding me to him. “What are you doing?” I squeaked.
“Oh, no,” Ari said from across the room. “That’s a bad idea. Like, a really, really bad idea.”
I peered at her. “What is?” She pushed herself from the wall and walked toward us.
“Just a little,” Tristan growled and pulled her down beside him.
“A little of what?” I asked suspiciously and pulled back. Ari put a hand on my shoulder, and my vision wavered. A second later, everything went black.
It slowly came back into focus a moment later, and I blinked away the haziness as I tried to make out where I was. Roiling darkness and fire played like a movie in front of me. I looked around and slowly turned to take in everything. Wherever I was, it was definitely not my home. Stupid vision, I silently muttered as I looked up. Was it even a vision when I could move around in it? Hmm, out-of-body vision? Nah… I thought slowly and came to an abrupt stop as I broke through the raging flames and darkness. Bodies were everywhere; lots and lots of them. I walked through the massacred scene and gulped as I recognize some of the bodies. Numbness crept over me, as it always did when these visions struck. I bit my tongue, forcing back the urge to scream out their names. The air practically vibrated with magic, and hovering over the vortex, looking furious as she pulled on something I couldn’t see, was Isra. As the vision slowly faded away, I opened my mouth and let out an enraged scream. These were one of the times I was glad that no one could read my mind. I continued to scream, ignoring the heavy weight of Tristan holding me down as I bucked, writhed, and tried to free myself. I screamed gibberish at him, trying to bite anything and everything. With a shriek, I heaved and flipped him over my head. I jumped to my feet, my vision blurring as I ran for the door. It exploded from its hinges as I slammed through it. “Must get away,”,” I muttered to myself. “Must get away. Far away-far away-far away. Far away. Far away. Must get away.”
“Sven!” Tristan roared, and I ignored the blood that trickled from my ears as I broke through another door. Splinters flew everywhere as I ran blindly through the house. “Liana! To me! Now!” Someone suddenly tackled me, and air rushed out of me in a whoosh as my back slammed into the floor.
“Dana,” Ari said softly, gently as she cupped my chin. “You’re all right.” She smiled. “Please don’t flip me over your head too, okay?” I giggled and pressed my fingers into my eyes as I muttered to myself. A bloodied Sven and Liana appeared beside us, and I looked up at my sires with a manic grin. Ari got off me, looking a little relieved as she did so.
“What happened?” Sven asked as they knelt on either side of me.
“I don’t know,” Ari said and frowned. “One second she was fine, and the next, she lost it. Sven and Liana glanced at each other, and then stared at me. Liana leaned forward, pulling my fingers from my eyes as Sven stared deep into them with a scowl. After a moment, he nodded.
“She had a vision,” he said to Tristan, who was standing over him with a murderous look in his eyes. It was probably aimed at me. At that thought, I burst out laughing.
“Everybody is going to die,” I said happily and continued to grin at them. “Yaaaaay!”
“Dana?” Liana said softly. “What do you mean by that?” I let out another shriek and laughed maniacally.
“The devil is coming,” I whispered loudly, and then blissfully passed out.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty

JAILYN

“So,” I said slowly and looked around the council chamber. It was half past noon, and around me sat Tristan, Evelyn, Elijah, and Freya. All looking like they wanted to rip someone’s head off. “Ideas?”
“None,” Evelyn said with a heavy sigh. “She didn’t give us much to go by.” That was true, I thought with a scowl. “I still vote that we talk to her.” She paused. “She is awake. Right?”
“Right,” I said and mentally reached out to Sven. “Is everybody in agreement, then?” After getting nods and grunts of affirmative, I gave Sven a mental nod. Bring her in, I silently said to him and pulled back. They appeared behind us, and I turned to them as Jordana groaned. She was limp in Sven’s arms, and her eyes were glazed over. She looked… a little out of it, if I was honest with myself. “Is she all right?” I asked as they came closer.
“Potion,” Jordana slurred and rolled her head to the side, snuggling into her sire. “Bubbly,” she said happily. “And pinky.” I arched an eyebrow at Freya, who inclined her head and smirked.
“It is just… a relaxant,” the witch said and held out a hand to Jordana. “Come, sweetheart. Sit with us. You as well, brother.”
“What are we doing here?” Jordana asked and sighed contentedly as Sven pulled up a chair at the table and sat.
“We have a few questions for you,” Evelyn said gently and ran her fingers through the young vampire’s blonde hair. “If you don’t feel like answering, that is fine.”
“Hmm,” Jordana said thoughtfully and closed her eyes.
“So,” I said again and leaned back in my chair. “Who wants to start?”
“Dana,” Freya said gently and smiled as Jordana partially opened her eyes. “Did you see Roxana?”
“No,” she murmured and smirked.
“All right. Did you see anyone?”
“No.”
“What did you see?”
“Fire and darkness,” she said with a happy sigh.
“Anything else, sweetheart?” Jordana hesitated for a moment, and then opened her eyes fully to focus intently on the witch. “What is it?” Freya asked slowly, and then went very, very still. Everybody did, expecting the worst.
“Bodies,” Jordana said softly. “Lots, and lots of bodies. Everywhere.” She paused. “There was blood everywhere I looked, and the air was vibrating with magic.”
“What kind of magic, exactly?”
“Mostly necromantic and void.” She frowned and straightened. Settling herself more comfortably in Sven’s arms, she blinked and looked around, her eyes clearing and becoming more focused. “And there was a roiling vortex.”
“Like the one last year?” I asked.
“Not really. This one is different.”
I nodded. “Anything else?”
She shook her head. “That’s all I have,” she said, pulling away from her sire and getting to her feet. “Sorry.” She glanced at Freya, before flashing to the double doors and yanking them open. With one last look over her shoulder, she vanished; the doors slamming shut with a resounding boom. Freya stared thoughtfully at the closed doors, only looking away when Tristan rested a hand on her arm.
“What is it that she is not telling us?” she asked and stared at him.
“I will find out,” I said and glanced at Sven. “Unless you know what she’s hiding?”
“I do not,” Sven replied and scowled at me. “If I did, I would have told you.”
“Fair enough.” I got to my feet and looked at the rest of the Council.
“Go on,” Evelyn said and waved me away. “I’ll wrap up the session.” Inclining my head to her, I teleported.
I appeared in front of Jordana a split second later, and she came to an abrupt stop before she could run headlong into me. I looked around the hall we were standing in and frowned as I reached out with my senses. A huge white wolf bounded down the hall and came to a stop at my side. I glanced down at her and arched an eyebrow. The wolf huffed and squirmed as Jordana threw her arms around her.
“Puppy!” she exclaimed and nuzzled the shifter. “Pretty puppy!” I resisted the urge to chuckle at the shifter’s discomfort and put a hand on Jordana’s shoulder, subtly telling her that she wasn’t hugging a puppy.
“What do you have?” I asked the wolf and lowered myself to the floor. My pack has rounded up around half a dozen rogues, the shifter silently said to me and tried to extract herself from Jordana’s enthusiastic hug. And two witches. “Nice one,” I said and smirked. Tristan and Sven appeared around us, and I glanced at what looked like a clicker in Sven’s hand. “Hey, Dana? Your sire has a clicker, and I think he’s going to use it,” I warned, and then held back a laugh as the young vampire sprang from the wolf, as if her ass had been set on fire.
“Way to ruin my fun,” Sven growled and pocketed the annoying device. The shifter growled at him, who just smirked down at her. “I can use it on you, too,” he drawled. “I heard it’s an effective training tool.” Ouch, I thought and got to my feet as the shifter lunged for him.
“Enough,” Tristan growled and stepped between them. The shifter hung suspended in the air, snarling as she clawed at nothing. I grabbed Jordana before her hand could close around the wolf’s tail. She pouted at me and crossed her arms as Tristan stared down the shifter. “Later,” he growled and released her. She hit the floor with a yelp and growled at us as she regained her balance. With an annoyed huff, she ran down the hall toward the stairwell doors and disappeared through them.
“Did you really have to insult her?” I asked Sven and handed his child to him. “I thought we’re all friends here?” Sven rolled his eyes and held Jordana close, who was muttering to herself. “So, Dana,” I said and teleported to my office, taking her, Sven, and Tristan with me. “What did you leave out?”
“Hmm?” Jordana asked and pulled away from Sven.
“Back in the council chamber.”
“Oh.” She hesitated, and then took in a deep breath. “I saw Isra.” Unsurprisingly, everybody in the office stilled at that news.
“Isra?” I asked slowly, hoping that Freya wasn’t nearby to overhear our conversation, because… that would be bad.
“Mmhmm.”
“What was she doing there?”
“Fighting with something invisible.” I glanced at Tristan and Sven, who looked equally perplexed.
“Show me,” Tristan growled softly and cupped her chin. Her eyes met his, and I held my breath, bracing myself for anything that was to come. Suddenly, my head felt way, way too heavy to hold up. Actually, it felt like gravity was trying to crush me.
“Tristan,” I hissed and slapped him hard on the arm. He blinked and dropped his hand from Jordana. He took in a deep, deep breath, and a second later, the oppressive weight lifted. “Was it her?”
“Yes,” he growled and shook his head. “Before you ask, she didn’t show me the whole vision.” Damn, I thought and frowned.
“Can I get back to my painting?” Jordana asked hopefully.
“Yes,” Sven said with a sigh and teleported her. It was a good thing, too, because the wall behind me exploded. We dropped, and I cursed as dust and plaster rained down on us.
“Sorry!” Ari exclaimed, yelling at the top of her lungs as more things crashed to the floor and shattered. “Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck!” There was another sound of an explosion, and I winced, wondering what the fuck was happening. “Don’t go off,” Ari muttered under her breath. “Don’t go off. Please don’t go off.” A few seconds later, it did. White-hot pain slammed into me, and I groaned as I struggled to my feet. Luckily, no one but us were nearby.
“Damn,” Sven growled and pushed aside the bookshelf that landed on him. I glanced over at Tristan, who looked half out of it as he pulled himself to his feet. Hot blood ran down the side of my head, and I winced as I picked my way to Ari, who was furiously cursing and fiddling with something in her hands.
“Give me that,” I growled and reached for whatever it was.
“No!” she shrieked and leapt away from me. She was covered in blood, and if my eyes weren’t playing tricks on me, I could see her skull. Oh man, I thought and lunged for her. She let out a banshee scream that deafened me within three seconds. The device she was holding was blinking red at me as I grabbed it and tossed it into the abyss. I slammed into her, and air whooshed from her as she blinked rapidly up at me.
“What the hell was that?” I asked and looked around for more potential bombs. Ari said something to me, but all I could hear was the loud ringing in my ears. Growling, she shoved me aside and got to her feet. I rolled onto my back with a pained sigh and stared up at Casiar and Liana. “A little help?” I asked dryly.
“Be still,” Tristan snarled, and I turned my head to find him struggling with Ari. Damn, she looked pissed as hell as he forced blood down her throat. Casiar’s cool fingers touched my cheek, and I refocused on him as my hearing slowly came back online.
“That’s a nice look on you,” he drawled and pressed his wrist to my mouth. Fuck you, I silently growled at him and sank my fangs in deep and pulled the hot, sweet, supercharged blood down my throat. After a long couple of minutes, he pulled me into a sitting position and glared past my shoulder.
“Sorry,” Ari said again, sounding more calm and composed.
“What were you trying to do?” Liana asked and kicked aside broken bits and pieces of debris.
“I was creating a chain reaction.” At that, everyone winced. I withdrew my fangs and sighed.
“Don’t you have a bomb shelter or something?” I asked and brushed dust from my shirt.
“I do, but the bombs were here, and I didn’t feel like moving.”
“Humph,” I said and pushed to my feet. “Do you always work on bombs in your office?”
“Only the small ones.” I snorted and walked over to her. Reaching down, I helped her up.
“Tristan, you still with us?” In response, I got an annoyed growl. I chuckled and looked around the demolished office.
“Are you, by any chance, working on a bigger version?” I asked slowly.
“Maybe,” she replied slowly and held back a smile as Tristan glared at her. “Why don’t we, uh, go talk to the witches and vampires we have held captive?” Tristan growled and snatched her up, a split second before he teleported.
“Let’s go,” I said to Casiar and followed them.
We appeared in one of the cells, and I nearly got my face clawed open by a very, very angry rogue. I punched a hand into his chest and wrapped my fingers around his heart. I slowly squeezed and smiled evilly as his struggles grew weak. “One more of that, my friend,” I warned.
“You’ll do what, bitch?” he gasped and wheezed in pain. I withdrew my hand and cupped his chin, gripping it hard as I covered his mouth with mine. His eyes went wide with shock as I thrust my tongue inside and began to explore. After a moment, he kissed me back, and I smiled as I reached for his soul. I slowly pulled at it, until I could taste it. I wrapped my arms around him and slowly inhaled. He stiffened, gasping in pain as I took my time in ripping him apart.
“Ahem,” Ari said loudly, and I paused as I felt her tugging on the back of my ruined shirt. “We need him alive.” Oh, right, I thought and reluctantly pulled back. “I have to say, that was hot.” Tristan growled at her, baring his fangs. “What?” she asked defensively. “It was.” Sven sighed, shaking his head as Liana walked up to the rogue I almost soul-sucked to death.
“Awww,” Amaya said, sounding dejected. “You should have let her finish the job.” The succubus harrumphed and stalked down the hall, coming to a stop just outside the cell we were standing in. “If she can’t have him, can I?”
“No,” we all said in unison. Well, Tristan and Sven snarled it.
“You guys are no fun,” the demoness said with a sigh.
“Why are you here?” I asked matter-of-factly and glared at her. “And if you’re here to drop another lust spell, I will personally make sure that the rest of your eternity is a painful one.” Amaya winced, her eyes turning from violet to green. “I see that we understand each other,” I said mildly and stepped from the cell. “Now, why are you here, Amaya?”
“The imps have found something interesting.”
I arched an eyebrow. “Oh?” I’ll check it out, Casiar silently said to me and was gone. Thanks, love, I replied and leaned against the wall. Tristan, Ari, Sven, and Liana joined us in the hall, and I almost, almost felt bad for the succubus as they zeroed in on her. To add to it, Freya appeared out of nowhere and dropped her, as if it was nothing. “Talk fast,” I sang and ignored the pained yelps coming from the demon.
“The necromancers are almost ready to release Roxana,” Amaya said quickly and let out another yelp. I held up a hand to Freya, who reluctantly took a step back and stopped casting whatever spell she was casting.
“From the prison that I’ve sent her to?”
“Yes.”
“Where?” Amaya coughed, and then began to choke as she grabbed at her throat. “Fuck,” I growled and spun back to the cells as the unmistakable sounds of something or someone being splattered against something hard reached us. To make it worse, the heavy scent of witch, vampire, and shifter blood nearly punched my brains out of my ears. “Typical,” I snarled. “Just. Fucking. Typical.” Sven, Liana, and Ari’s eyes were wide, and then they lunged for Tristan and Freya, knocking them to the floor and teleporting. “Stop, Amaya,” I snapped. A second later, she stopped choking on her own tongue.
“Mistress,” Ketra squealed and popped into existence in front of me. “Mistress,” she repeated and flapped her wings in agitation. “She free. She free. She freeeee.” She bobbed up and down in midair, her wings going a million miles per minute and giving me a headache on top of the migraine I already had. “What I do? What I do?”
“Nothing,” I growled and snatched her from the air. “And stop moving. You’re giving me whiplash.” Ketra stilled in my arms and nodded her head. After a moment, I set her down on the floor and walked to one of the cells. Taking a deep breath and nearly blacking out from hunger, I opened the door a few inches and peeked inside. Ketra scuttled to the opening and leapt back with a squeal. Something did splattered against the walls, floor, and ceiling all right. Blood was everywhere, and swimming in the red liquid, were chunks of flesh, organs, and half-liquified bones. Some of them were stuck to the walls and ceiling like some maccob decoration. Almost weeping from the hunger pain, I forced myself to close the door and walked to the next cell. Yes, I’ve been around this much blood and violence before, but it was a really, really bad idea to unexpectedly drop a blood bomb on us, because that’s what it was; a bomb, a very delicious one at that. My eyes, nose and throat burned. Hell, even my ears were burning. I peeked into five more cells, finding the same results in each of them. Damn it, I silently snarled as my vision swam in and out of focus.
“Holy shit,” Brianna gasped from behind me. “What the fuck happened?” I turned to her and scowled. Standing with her were Kira, Corinne, Skyler, and Aisley.
“I’m surprise Natalia isn’t with you,” I growled and cleared my throat.
“Oh, Trust me,” my child said and smirked. “She wanted to come with us, but Ari would have none of it.”
“How is Ari?”
“She’s emptying the refrigerator. Literally.”
“The others?”
“The necromancers are on Tristan and Freya. Liana is with Ari on cleaning out the refrigerator. I mean, they’re drinking all the blood bags they can find. Cold, too.” We all shuddered at that.
“Sven?”
“Tristan forced his blood on him. Liana, too. As in, she told Kindri and Violet to hold him down while she fed him her blood.” I winced. “Now, he’s hunting down humans, vampires, and robbing blood banks.” By this point of the conversation, I was sweating, and the blood hunger was growing to the point of unbearable, even for me.
“Um,” Brianna said hesitantly a second later. “You should like… leave. We’ll clean up here.” I nodded and teleported a box of a dozen empty vials. I handed it to my child and swallowed hard. It was that or drool while I spoke to them.
“Fill up each vial with blood from each cell.”
“Got it. One vial per cell.” I grunted. “Anything else?”
“As always, look for anything unusual.” Fuck me, I silently growled. The devil was definitely free and back in the game. With that daunting thought, I grabbed a silent Amaya by the throat and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-one

TRISTAN

I snarled and strained against the necromantic magic that was slowly freezing me from the inside out. Across the room from me, Freya was crying and screaming in rage as she fought with her own onslaught of spells. Hearing my child crying in pain wasn’t improving my mood in the slightest, either. Casiar, who was standing nearby, winced. So did all the necromancers as I let out a scream and a wave of telekinetic energy that snapped the shadows around me. The problem was; more and more tendrils of shadow slammed into me in rapid succession every time I broke them down. Fucking! I silently snarled. Necromancers! I had no idea what happened next as I blacked out. When I came back to myself, Casiar and I were literally straining against each other. He was cursing and trying to crack my skull open with his hands. His glowing red hands to be more precise. It wasn’t hellfire, because if it was, my head would be nothing more than a spark of ember, and I would’ve been dead… probably. I didn’t even know what the fuck I was anymore. I was also done with whatever game the god damn motherfucking devil was playing. I was done a fucking year ago. “Hey,” Casiar snapped and stared into my eyes. “Get away from those thoughts.” My back slammed into something hard, and I seethed as I fought with my hunger for blood, my beast, and the searing need to put down Roxana. To add to all that, my instinct to protect my children and others were so strong I couldn’t even think straight. Nowhere was safe, and if Casiar didn’t stop reading my fucking mind in the next three seconds, I was going to do something I’d really regret. With a pained look, the necromancer slowly released me, a ball of shadow held in one hand as he eyed me nervously. I straightened and took in a slow, deep breath that burned like… well, like fire. From the taste of blood in my mouth, I knew I had fed at some point during the blackout. Kira cautiously walked toward me, holding a couple of blood vials in her hands. My eyes twitched as I fought not to zero in on them. Instead, I looked around the room. The only people left were Casiar, Ari, Freya, Rory, Sven, Liana, and Kira, who came to a stop just out of my reach. Casiar plucked one of the vials from her and flicked off the cap. Taking a deep breath, he poured the contents into his mouth and swirled it around. Kira handed me the one she was still holding and took several steps back. I flicked it open and drained it. Instead of swallowing the sweet witch blood like I so very badly wanted to with every fiber of my being, I forcibly shoved everything aside, clearing my mind as I mentally connected with the blood. A second later, the room vanished, only to be replaced with an entirely new scene. I, or rather, the witch, was standing in a circle formation with eleven other witches. Their hands were linked, and they were chanting a spell. I called Freya to me, and she opened to me as I projected what I was seeing to her. There were runes along the walls, and many of the witches were holding some kind of container. For once, I didn’t see any blood. Scratch that thought, the scene faded, and when it returned, my vision was a wash of crimson. Okay, I was going to die from sensory overload alone as I doubled over in agony. I quickly swallowed the blood in my mouth and shuddered as hands lowered me to the floor. Someone sank their fangs into my wrist and gulped down a mouthful of my blood before pulling back. Something slammed into the back of my head, and I grunted as everything abruptly went dark.
When I next came to, I was more myself. I blinked up at the ceiling as it slowly righted itself. “About time,” Ari grumbled from beside me. She rolled on top of me, and then promptly fell back asleep. Squinting my eyes, I looked at her. From the heat radiating off her, she was burning up again.
“Hey, partner.” I glanced over at the door and blinked at Donnica, who was leaning casually against the wall and cuddling my daughter.
“How long has she been like this?” I asked and rested a hand on Ari’s cheek.
“Like an hour.” She hesitated and walked over to the bed. She sat and placed Nova on my chest, before patting Ari on her head, which was on my stomach. “We tried to give her energy, but you wouldn’t let us.” I arched an eyebrow. “You kind of went all caveman on us.”
“I did not,” I growled and scowled at her.
“Did too!” Kira yelled from next-door. “You know, the gurrrrr, touch her and die, gurrrrr thing?” I stared at Donnica.
“Well,” she said slowly. “You didn’t actually say that, but she got the gist of it.” I looked around my room and glanced at the red musical note rune just below the light switch. Ever since Nova was born, every room of my home now had a soundproof rune that you could activate and deactivate. All of them were, of course, disabled for obvious reasons. The only rooms still with the full soundproof effect was the floor where I kept prisoners. Nova squeaked and squealed, her arms and legs flailing at nothing but air. I slipped my arm between her and Ari as I watched Donnica in my peripheral vision. She cleared her throat and looked at me nervously. “Evelyn wanted me to tell you to call a council meeting when you, um, when you wake up.” I closed my eyes and took in a deep, deep breath. It was that or strangle the protector. “I should—” My free hand shot out and grabbed her wrist before she could get up. She yelped, gulping as she went very still. I slowly opened my eyes and let out a growling sigh.
“Stop,” I growled in warning to the silent repetition in her head of “Please don’t bite me.” I winced as she slammed down on her shield with a curse. I sighed and released her as I nudged Ari awake. When she didn’t wake up after me prodding her repeatedly in the shoulder, I zapped her. She woke with a yelp and flew off me to land in a heap on the floor.
“Ow,” she complained and growled under her breath as she grabbed the edge of the bed and got on it with a grunt. “What was that for?” Nova rolled, until her face was nestled in my arm. A second later, I felt a sharp sting of her teeth as she began to chew into it like I was a chew toy. Ari and Donnica stared at her, both of them blinking in bewilderment as she dug her tiny claws in and growled. “Fuck me,” Ari breathed as horror entered Donnica’s eyes.
“Shit,” the protector said and shook her head. “We have a minimi Tristan.” I lifted Nova, disengaging her mouth and claws from my arm before she could create a puddle of blood and drool on my shirt.
“No,” I growled at her and sat up. Her face scrunched up in anger, and she opened her mouth to scream at me. Before she could, though, Ari stuck a bottle of blood in. Instead of a scream, a happy squeak escaped her. Ari took her from me and held her close as I wiped my arm clean with a napkin. I dropped it into the trashcan and got to my feet. “Whose blood is that?” Donnica asked and rose.
“A mix of mine and Tristan’s,” Ari said and walked to the door.
“Huh. Does she need a hundred bottles a day?”
“No,” she said dryly as I reached over and opened the door. “Twice a day. Unless something triggers her hunger.”
“Ah, gotcha.” I sighed and stalked passed them down the hall.
“Where you guys going?” Kira yelled at us as we went down the stairs. Honestly, did she really have to yell?
“We’re going to have a threesome,” Ari muttered under her breath. There was a strangled sound coming from upstairs, and I stopped a few steps into my residential office. Donnica froze as I turned to Ari. She, too, stopped walking. “What?” she asked and blinked innocently at us. Kira stood at the railing, gaping down at us. The only sound in the room was Nova sucking on her bottle.
“I’m going to gag you,” I said and glared at her.
“Kira, go grab a ball gag from the closet.” Oh, if she wasn’t feeding Nova, I think I would have throttled her. She opened her mouth and yelped as I slapped my hand over it, preventing her from saying another word.
“Say another word,” I warned and dropped my hand.
“I need to bleach my brain,” Kira spluttered and stomped down the stairs. “Better yet, where’s Jordana?” Take Nova for a minute, I silently said to Donnica as I closed the short distance to Ari.
“Hey!” she exclaimed as the protector snatched up our daughter. Before she could protest any further, I wrapped my arms around her and teleported. I released her and watched in amusement as she huffed, and puffed, and spluttered, and… you get the point. Sighing, I readjusted myself and scowled when it didn’t help. Of course, it didn’t.
“Open up to me,” I growled at her and caged her against the wall of my destroyed home in Sweden. It was only one of the two still standing ones, and I glared up at the invisible cloud I could still feel.
“Are you sure you want me to do that?” I paused, and she smirked. Taking a deep breath, I braced myself.
“Now.” If I hadn’t been holding onto the wall, I would’ve fallen as she did just that. Pain, rage, fear, hunger, lust, and all of her emotions hit me at once. My eyes rolled to the back of my head as I held myself back from taking her right there and then. Instead, I pushed through the myriad of emotions and sifted through them. Satisfied that I found nothing unusual, I pulled back. Pulling her close, I nuzzled her neck. She sighed contentedly and snuggled into me. “Council meeting,” I growled in her ear. She groaned, and I more felt than saw her rolling her eyes.
“Can I sit in?”
I chuckled. “No,” I said and teleported back to the others before I changed my mind and fuck the meeting. If it was any other times, and no one was in risk of dropping dead unexpectedly… well.
“Had fun?” Kira asked. I smacked her on the back of the head. “Ow!” she exclaimed, rubbing the sore spot and glancing at me.
“He has the worst case of the blue balls,” Ari whispered loudly and darted away from me. Growling, I squeezed my eyes shut and took a deep breath as chuckles and snickers rang out all around me. “Okay,” she said with another chuckle. “Okay, I’ll stop.” Shaking my head, I reached out to Evelyn, Elijah, Freya, and Jailyn. Council meeting in half an hour, I telepathically growled to them, grunting when Ari wrapped her arms around my shoulders from behind and went limp. She rested her head on me. All the while, she was trying to strangle me. I swear, she was going to kill me before the devil did. Kira appeared at my side and pressed a hot bag of blood in my hand. I reluctantly took it, my eyes on Nova as I bit into the plastic. Luckily, she was finishing off her bottle as I quickly drained it. Kira plucked the empty bag from me and tossed it onto the table.
“Come to the room behind the chamber,” I said and turned, forcing Ari to let go of me. I took her upper arm and teleported.
Ari flopped onto the bed that was pushed up against one wall as the others appeared. She threw an arm over her eyes and sighed contentedly. Donnica walked the short distance into the tiny kitchen area and put the bottle in the sink. It was basically a small studio apartment. So therefore, it was a little cramped with a baby, and four vampires taking up the space. The door behind me opened, and I turned to find Freya leaning casually against the doorframe. Behind her were heavy black curtains, like the kind found on a stage to cordoned off the backstage from the audience. “I see that you are well,” she said to me and glanced at Donnica, who wasn’t supposed to be here to begin with.
“I am.” I paused. “As well as I can be, of course.”
She smiled. “of course. Ariella, are you well?”
“Humph,” Ari replied. “Yes, mom. I’m well.” I smirked and stepped aside for her to enter. Her hunger clawed at my skin, and I once again vowed to make the devil regret the day she was made. I inwardly winced, really not liking the idea of what I had in mind. Well, one of the ideas, that was. Freya walked to the minifridge and opened it, pulling out a bottle of water before cracking it open and downing it like she depended on it. I looked her up and down as I walked over to her.
“Find anything interesting from the blood reading?” I asked softly as she crushed the plastic bottle in her hand and dropped it into the trashcan.
“I have been shown a very… interesting ritual.” At that statement, everybody in the apartment quieted.
“Ritual?” Ari asked, sitting up. “What kind of ritual?” I held up my hand and gestured for Freya to leave.
“After the meeting,” I said to the rest and followed her out.
At the table, Freya and I pulled out a chair and sat. Since there were… visitors nearby, she muttered a silencing spell under her breath. “Ari’s all right?” Jailyn asked and leaned back in her chair.
“She is,” Freya said and pressed a dark red potion into my hand. She popped the cork from her own potion and downed it in one gulp before passing out the rest to the other members of the Council. Scowling, I downed my own potion, which exploded like miniature fireballs in my stomach. After a few seconds, my hunger for blood eased up to the point where I could relax. I blinked and slowly lowered the glass bottle. She didn’t make the potion often, if ever, but whenever she did, it was a sweet relief from the constant grip of hunger pain.
“Can I get a case of these?” Elijah asked and shuddered.
“I am afraid not.”
“A six-pack? A twelve? A twenty-four?” She chuckled and collected the empty potion bottles. “How long will this one last?”
“Seventy-two hours.” She paused. “Provided you stay away from spilled blood, of course.”
“Of course,” he said with a sigh. “There’s always a catch.” He glanced at us and let out another sigh. “That’s not going to happen, is it?” he asked dryly.
“Unlikely,” I said and stared up at the ceiling. “Roxana is very much alive and free.”
“And it won’t be long until she makes her next move,” Jailyn finished. “First, we need to take down her…” She grimaced. “I can’t believe I’m going to say this… Her worshippers.”
“Yes,” Evelyn said and began rhythmically clicking the pen she was holding. “Any ideas?”
“Sven has shown me what he has gleamed from the blood reading,” Freya said and smirked.
“Oh?” I asked. “Other than the ritual?” She nodded. “Tell us.”
“There are four of them.” She smiled. “Working together.”
“Don’t tell me,” Jailyn said and held up a hand, and then began counting off on her fingers. “One vampire, one shifter, one witch, and one necromancer.” The freight train that was my headache grew to the point where I thought my brain was going to implode on itself.
“Correct.” Her smile turned glacial. “And, pray tell, who is the focal point of it all?” Jailyn dropped her hands and took in a deep, shuddering breath.
“Don’t do it,” Elijah said and scooted his chair from the table. “I’m enjoying this lack of hunger for blood.”
“Do what?” Jailyn asked sweetly.
“Whatever you’re going to do.” She patted him on the shoulder and opened her mouth. Freya snapped her fingers, and the silencing spell broke a split second before the necromancer took in a deep, deep breath and… “Amaya! Come! To! Me! Right! Fucking! Nooooow!” Ow, I thought, as hot blood trickled from my ears and down the sides of my neck. Fuck.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-two

LILY

“I want to help.” I stood in front of Freya’s desk, and I wanted to die under her calm gaze. It took all of my willpower to remained still and not dance around her office like a frightened chicken.
“I can see that,” she said after a few seconds of watching me sweat. I was never going to get used to being in the presence of a supernatural being, at least the really powerful ones. The vibe coming off them in waves were just too much for me to handle. “How do you plan to help?”
“I can work with any runic stuff.”
She nodded. “Show me your latest work.” I opened the backpack I was holding and pulled out a soul capsule. Instead of a cylinder, the one I had was a box.
“Is soul capsule the official name for it?” I asked and set the box on her desk.
“It is not. What do you have in mind?”
“Hmm,” I said and tapped a finger against the fiberglass that made up the box. “We can always call it Pandora’s box?” She chuckled and shook her head. “Okay fine, let’s just go with the psychobox.”
“Very well,” she said, laughing softly as she reached out and picked it up. The box itself was black, thirty-six inches on all sides, and covered in silver runic markings that I’d been painstakingly inscribing for the past months. Freya turned the box over in her hands, examining every inch of it as I waited for her verdict with bated breath. She carefully pried the lid off and peered inside. “Ah,” she mused. “What do we have here?” I gulped. She traced a finger along the runes, smiling as she did so. Ugh, she was creepy. After another minute, she closed the box and handed it back to me. I stuffed it into my backpack and closed it as I straightened. “You did well.” Yay, I thought and smiled as I silently congratulated myself.
“Does this mean I can help?” I asked hopefully.
“Perhaps.” She got a faraway look in her eyes as she nodded to herself. Unlocking the bottom drawer of her desk, she retrieved an empty vial and bit into her wrist. She moved the bleeding wound over the vial and watched as it rapidly filled with her blood. When it was done, she corked it and handed it to me. I took it and just stared at her. “Give that to your sister. Have her drink it, and then have her project the vision to you.”
“From the blood reading?”
“Yes, it is only a small portion of it.” I nodded and pocketed the vial.
“Thank you,” I said as the door opened.
“Involving children now, are we?” Tristan drawled as he entered.
“Any help we can acquire is appreciated,” Freya mused and stood. “And I speak for all of us.” She smirked. “Since some of us are still too steadfast in their ways.” She stared pointedly at Tristan, who just stared blankly back at her. The rumbling of my stomach broke the silence a few seconds later, and my cheeks heated with embarrassment as they looked down at me. “I see that someone is hungry,” Freya said with a chuckle. I sniffed the air and winced as my stomach let out another loud rumble. Tristan almost, almost smiled as he put a hand on my shoulder and led me from the office. For once, his energy didn’t send my brain into convulsions.
“Your sister and Skyler are making ribs for lunch,” he said as we walked into the kitchen.
“And mashed potatoes,” Skyler said as I sat in the chair Tristan pulled out for me.
“Thanks,” I said as he pushed the chair in. I lifted my small suitcase of a backpack and set it in front of me. I wasn’t surprised when I got silence in response.
“May I see the box?” he asked and leaned against the counter. I blinked at him.
“Um… sure?” I pulled out the box and handed it to him. Brianna and Skyler sidled up to him and peered at it with interest.
“What is that?” Skyler asked as Tristan studied every angle of it.
“A soul containment box,” Jailyn said as she walked toward us with a very excited Natalia trailing behind her. She took the box from Tristan, nodding to him as she looked it over. “Freya is correct in her assessment, you did an excellent job on this, Lily.”
“Thanks?” I said, drawing out the word. She chuckled as she stepped closer to Tristan. Brianna moved my backpack to the floor as she slid a plate of ribs in front of me. I nodded my thanks to her as she brought over the huge ass bowl of mashed potatoes. Tristan eyed the thing like it was poison. I grabbed the serving spoon and scooped some up before holding it out to him. He stared at it, and then blinked as he took it. He dumped the mashed potatoes onto Natalia’s plate and smirked as he returned it to the serving bowl. I snickered and dug into my ribs with a contented sigh. “So,” I said and gestured to the box Jailyn was still examining with Tristan. From their rapid change of facial expressions, I knew that they were conversing telepathically. They were good at keeping their emotions in check, but I guessed they didn’t care at the moment. “What are you going to do with it?”
“I have an idea,” Jailyn said slowly and vanished, taking the box with her. I picked up my cup of coke and chugged it.
“I, uh, I really, really don’t like the sound of that,” I said and eyed Tristan nervously.
He smirked. “Good,” he growled and teleported.
“Good?” I asked as Skyler refilled my cup. “That doesn’t sound ominous. Like, not at all.” I finished off my fourth rib and reached for my bowl of mashed potatoes.
“Tell me about it,” Brianna muttered and sank her fangs into the hot plastic bag of blood she was holding. “So,” she continued and gestured to me. “You either have a vial of Freya’s blood in your pocket, you guys did the horizontal, or she has marked you somehow.”
“Brianna!” Skyler and I exclaimed. I spluttered and glared at her.
“What?” she asked defensively and drained the rest of the blood. “It’s a valid observation.” She smiled. “So? Which is it?” I rolled my eyes and took my empty dishes to the sink. I washed my hands thoroughly and leaned against the sink as I pulled out the vial.
“First of all, I don’t swing that way, and second of all, if I so much as look at her the wrong way, Rory will shred me into itty-bitty Lily particles.” I paused. “After he drains every single drop of blood from my body.”
My sister laughed, nodding to herself. “You have a point.” She came over to where I was standing and took the vial from me. “What are you supposed to do with this? Is it for healing? Vampires are very touchy when it comes to giving out their blood, especially the really old ones.”
“No,” I said with a sigh and straightened. “It’s not for healing.”
“Not here,” Rory said as he appeared beside us. I stifled a scream, resisting the urge to back away from him as he placed a hand on my shoulder. Taking my sister by the upper arm, he teleported, taking us with him.
We appeared in a pitched black room, and I squinted, trying to pierced the veil of darkness. Rory gently pushed me onto a very comfortable… something as I blinked and looked around. I heard a click, and I breathed a sigh of relief as a soft yellow glow pushed back some of the darkness. We were in what looked like a small cozy sitting room with a couple of couches, a round table between the two couches, a bookshelf, and apparently a small lamp, which Rory set on the side table. The floor was carpeted, and I dug my toes into the soft dark blue carpet as I leaned back. Brianna, who sat across from me, leaned forward and peered through the opened door. “Huh,” she said and frowned. “Where are we?”
“Where else would you be?” Freya asked, sounding amused as she appeared in the doorway.
“It’s her quiet room,” Ari called from down the hall. My sister arched an eyebrow. Freya sighed and rolled her eyes.
“The younger generations,” she said with another sigh. “What have the world turned into?” She entered and dropped down beside me. “I come here to think and relax.” My sister and I nodded. “Ariella, will you not join us?”
“In a minute.”
“Are you all right?”
“I am. Just putting the final touches to this exquisite baby.” She and Rory winced.
“Please, I beg of you, do not detonate my home.”
“I would never. Wouldn’t dream of doing such a thing.”
“I think we need to build an explosionproof room,” Rory muttered.
“I agree,” Freya said and leaned back with a sigh.
“Humph,” Ari said as she walked into the room. “Your trust in me is something to be desired.” She sat on the edge of the table and looked around. “So, what are we doing?”
“Lily, here, is going to see what she can make out from the runes in the vision,” Freya said and nodded to Brianna, who uncorked the vial and downed it in one gulp. My sister’s eyes got a faraway look to them, and she shuddered at whatever she was seeing.
“Wow,” Brianna said aloud to herself. “That is… a lot of squiggles.”
“Let me see,” I said and leaned forward. My sister stood, coming over to where I was sitting and dropping down on my other side. She pushed me back, frowning.
“Look her in the eyes and mentally reach for her,” Jailyn said from somewhere I couldn’t see. Brianna’s crimson eyes met my own blue ones, and we stared at each other for what felt like forever. After what probably took only a minute, my vision wavered, and everything went dark.

KIRA

Why me? I thought as I groaned and writhed on the floor of my bedroom. I was really, really starting to hate witches as I rolled away from the orange ball of fire. There was the sound of crackling, and I cursed as I jumped to my feet, dodging the bluish-white lightning aimed at me. “Someone grab her!” one of the three witches shouted and launched a volley of ice bolts at me.
“Fuck!” I yelled and blasted the nearest one into the wall. “You! Bitches!” I screamed as my head exploded in pain. I hit the floor hard, and I fought the urge to throw up my guts as the pain increased. There was a whump sound, and then the far wall exploded inward. “Shit!” I screamed, gasping as blood poured from my eyes and ears. Okay, they were definitely not Californian witches, because they weren’t that strong or smart as these guys. “Do not release the blood veil yet!” the first witch yelled. Blood veil? What the fuck was a blood veil? Also, there were more than the three witches I could see. When I wanted someone to be home, no one was. Just another façade of my god damn motherfucking bad luck. Panting and gasping like someone in labor, I pushed through the pain and got unsteadily to my feet. My head felt like it was going to roll off my shoulders as I lunged for the nearest witch and took her to the floor. I was a fucking Tronis, damn it. I wasn’t just going to let them take me, and how the hell did they get a hold of my blood to begin with? Questions for later, I thought and bit into the witch’s throat. Except… I didn’t as I got a fireball to the face. I was launched into the air, and I shrieked as I slammed into another wall, through it, out into the hall, over the railing to slam into the table that was like fifty feet below me. Splinters flew into the air as I crashed into the living room. Ari’s laptop went sailing through the air and smashed into the far wall. Notepads, notebooks, papers, folders, pens and pencils rained down around me as I fought not to pass out. If that happened, I was good as dead. There was no way in fucking hell I was going to put my sire through that. For one, he wouldn’t be unconscious if that were to happen. The windows shattered, and broken shards slammed into me as my ears popped. I saw red as my vision swam in and out of focus. A hand reached for me, and I lunged for it, burying my fangs into whoever it was. From the sweetness of the blood, it was a witch. He screamed as I hung on for dear life. I grabbed him in a bearhug, using him as a body shield as spell after spell slammed into us. Sadly, he didn’t combust into flames or anything like that.
“Get the fuck off me!” he yelled, and I yelped as he sent a bolt into my side. An invisible force ripped me from him and tossed me through the shattered window. I slammed headfirst into a tree, and I screamed as my blood boiled. For the record, being burned from the inside out was so not cool. I could’ve sworn I heard a sizzling sound, too. I heard the whump-whump of something, and I let out another scream as dirt and debris exploded all around me. The mark on my wrist burned, and I wheezed in agony as black dots danced in my vision. Percussive waves of energy slammed into my chest, and I couldn’t breathe as darkness slowly crept over me. Shit, I thought frantically. This was bad. Like, on the catastrophic level bad. Think, Kira. Think.
“Not so tough Afterall,” the first witch mused, chuckling.
“Laugh it up, water boy,” I gasped and wheezed. “We’ll see if you’re still laughing when I shove my foot up your ass.” I spat out a mouthful of blood as tears ran down my cheeks. I also got a ringing slap to my face.
“Let’s go!” another witch yelled. “We can’t block her sire from sensing her for much longer!”
“You’re right.” He smirked down at me. “Let’s see how long you can last before she breaks you.” He placed his hands on my head as I grinned up at him.
“Challenge accepted,” I wheezed, a split second before my head exploded in another wave of agony, and everything went dark.

JAILYN

“I have them,” Zavar growled, appearing in front of me with a flash of fire. He held out four Ziplock bags to me and gave me a very dramatic bow.
“Oh, stop that,” I said, groaning as I took the bags from him. He chuckled and leaned against one of the many pillars spread throughout the abyss. “Thank you for these.” He grunted, nodding. “Were they difficult to acquire.”
“They took some time, but no.”
“I take it that they have vacated the premises.”
“Yes. It seems that they were in a rush to leave.”
I smiled. “Very well,” I said softly. “Let the hunt begin.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-three

ARI

My head snapped up, and I fell out of my chair as Tristan’s enraged roar reverberated throughout my entire being. No, I thought with a groan. No, no, no. I kept a death grip on the device I was working on and got to my feet. His screams staggered me, and nausea washed over me as he abruptly blocked the connection between us. Slipping the device into my pocket, I mentally reached for him and teleported. I appeared in front of a fuming Tristan, blood pouring from his eyes and ears as he hit the floor with a grunt. I looked around and realized that we were in the living room of Jordana’s home. Jordana herself stood frozen in the archway separating the living room from the kitchen, her eyes wide. “Jordana,” I said and walked over to her. I cupped her chin and gently turned her head, until she was looking at me. “What happened?”
“Freya!” Tristan roared, bursting our eardrums in the process. I turned as a panting and gasping Freya appeared, crouched on the living room floor as blood trickled from the corners of her eyes.
“Sire,” she gasped, looking like she was about to puke. “Release… me.” Tristan growled, and then took in a deep, deep breath. I put my hand on Jordana’s arm and led her to the couch.
“Forgive me, sweetheart,” Tristan said as Freya let out a relieved sigh. He sat up, blinking as he looked around.
“What happened?” I asked slowly and pulled Jordana down to sit on the couch with me. Freya straightened from her crouch and moved to her sire’s side. She pulled him up and led him to the couch. They sat, and we waited in silence as he struggled with… whatever it was.
“Something has happened to Kira,” Tristan finally said after a long moment of growling under his breath.
“Where is she?”
“She should be at home.”
“Let’s go check,” I said, and then paused as a squeaking sound came from Jordana.
“Jordana,” Tristan growled and looked at her. “What is it?”
“Don’t go,” Sven’s childe said, a pained look on her face.
“Don’t go… where?”
“Home.” Rage flared in his eyes, and I quickly put a hand on his arm, squeezing. The muscles in his arm flexed, and I dug my fingers in, silently praying that he wouldn’t lose it.
“Why?” he asked softly, calmly. Everybody was used to Freya always being calm in any situations, but a calm Tristan was a whole new level of danger on its own. I was used to seeing him angry, destructive, out of control, but rarely did I ever see him as… calm. I badly wanted to jump out of my skin and run away screaming, but I didn’t. The temperature dropped several degrees, and I could see a thin sheet of ice form on the walls and ceiling.
“You… you won’t like what you’ll find,” Jordana stammered.
“I already don’t like what I’m sensing.” He stood, and I was forced to stand with him. The others also stood, a split second before everything went dark.
The heavy scent of fresh spilled blood and smoke punched us in the face, and Tristan’s arm came around me as we staggered from the force of it. I turned to him and wrapped my arms around him as we got a good look at the destruction of the house. “Shit,” I breathed as Jordana and Freya gently sniffed at the air. In contrast, Tristan was still—too still—not even breathing as he took in everything. His aura increased exponentially, and it felt like I was holding onto a live bomb as I held my breath. Speaking of bomb… I slowly pulled away from Tristan and looked to the others. “Do I smell my own making of bombs?” I asked. “Or am I hallucinating?”
“You’re not hallucinating,” Jordana said, looking, for once, totally lucid.
“Shit,” I said again and glared up at the ceiling. “What happened to the wards? Are they down?”
“As of this moment?” Freya asked. “Yes.”
“Witches,” Jordana hissed and jumped to the second floor.
“Yes,” Freya said quietly and placed a hand on Tristan’s arm. “Sire?”
“If,” Tristan growled softly. “I am not mistaken,” he continued, drawing out each word. “I sensed that blood magic has been performed here. Is this… correct, Freya?”
She gulped. “Yes,” she whispered, looking like she wanted to be anywhere else but here.
“And, pray tell, what spell did they cast?” She swallowed and slowly withdrew her hand from Tristan. I stepped up to him and wrapped my arms around him from behind.
“They cast a blood veil spell,” Freya said haltingly, and we waited for the explosion that… never came.
“I see,” Tristan said softly, and I shuddered as he amped up his aura. I fought down the urge to run away screaming at the top of my lungs. Instead, I tightened my hold around him, praying that he wouldn’t send me flying through the broken window when he erupted. “Can you trace it back to the casters?”
“Yes, I can.”
“Do it.”
“Yes, sire.”
“When you find them, let me know. It seems that the witches and I… have unsettling… matter to attend to.” Translation: disembowelment, dismemberment, and of course, death.
“Yes, sire.” With that, Freya took in a deep breath and walked outside.
Tristan turned to me and nuzzled my throat with a growl. His arms came around me, and he held me to him as he inhaled my scent into his lungs. I snuggled into him, and he let out a sigh as he lifted me off my feet and moved to the couch. He sat, and I straddled him, grunting as his hold tightened around me. I rested my head on his shoulder, the tension slowly leaving my body as he drew back on his aura. “Dana,” Tristan growled as I ran my hand up and down his back soothingly. “What did you find, sweetheart?”
“There was a struggle in Kira’s room,” Jordana said and wrapped her arms around me. “And one of the walls have been blown out.”
“What else?”
“Fireballs, energy, lightning, ice bolts, telekinetic, and blood everywhere.” She paused. “From the volume of witch blood, I think she may have killed at least three of them. No bodies, though.”
“Can you tell if they’re local?” I asked, my hand stilling.
“According to the drop of blood I’ve tasted, they’re not.” A chill ran down my spine, and I pulled away from Tristan, looking over my shoulder as Sergei appeared in the middle of the room. Jordana and I stood, turning to him as his aura overwhelmed us.
“Stand down, hunter,” Tristan growled. Sergei froze, his eyes taking in everything in a quick glance. “Are you willing?” Tristan asked and got to his feet.
“I am,” the hunter said through gritted teeth. “Even if you hadn’t asked, I would have offered.”
“Very well. I would have asked Jesric, but he is currently following up on something else for Jailyn. Take whomever you see fit. You’re in charge.”
“Understood,” Sergei said and nodded. “I take it that I cannot ask anyone to join? Such as my sire?”
Tristan chuckled. “No, Cailin and the others are keeping tabs on the world as a whole.” He put a hand on my shoulder and snaked an arm around Jordana before she could walk away. “Keep me informed.”
Sergei inclined his head. “It will be done,” he said as everything went dark.

SERGEI

“What is your opinion on the matter?” I stood just outside the doorway of Kira’s bedroom as the heavy sweet scent of witch blood mixed with that of the fledgling overwhelmed me. My skin felt like molten lava just from the proximity of it. I slowly turned to Freya and looked her up and down. She did the same to me as she came up the steps and to my side.
“I think we’ll be able to get some of them,” I said, turning back to the doorway and crossing the threshold. “I’d like to track them all down, but I have my doubts that we’ll be that lucky.”
“I concur. Nothing is never quite that easy, no matter how we wish it to be so.” She and I looked around the destroyed room, and I inwardly winced as I stuck a finger into the congealed witch blood, swiping up a good amount of it. I inhaled deeply, imprinting the scent into my brain. After a minute, I stuck my finger into my mouth and sucked it clean. I savored the taste of the blood as I repeated the process several more times. Freya was doing the same thing as we walked around the room.
“I was able to pick up seven of them,” I said and nodded to Brianna as she appeared outside the door. “Well, four of them don’t count since they are very much dead, but I took in their scents nonetheless.”
“Likewise,” Freya said softly and waved Brianna over. “Have you undergone training in tracking?” she asked her as she carefully made her way over to us.
“I have,” Brianna said, wincing.
“Excellent,” Tristan’s childe said and inclined her head to the room. “Have at it.”
“Don’t we all have eidetic memory?”
“Yes. Some more so than others.”
“Whose level am I on?” she asked as she crouched before a huge pool of blood, in haling deeply.
“All supernatural beings have above average photographic memory, but since you have asked for the ability in particular, you are at the level of Tristan, his siblings, and a good few of their direct sired.”
“Are you and Sergei one of them?” the fledgling asked and stuck a bloody finger into her mouth.
Freya smiled. “Yes, we are.”
“When did they stopped imparting the ability?”
“After World War II.”
Brianna snorted. “I should’ve known,” she said, chuckling as she straightened from the last pool of blood. “For the record, this is gross.”
“Which part?” Freya asked, looking amused. “Not the tasting part, surely?” She held out her hands, and magic rose up around her as she silently cast a spell. A wave of blood rose into the air, before separating into eight tendrils. Brianna grimaced and carefully made her way from the room with me following behind her.
“The blood is at room temperature,” she complained. “Congealing, too. Talk about ewww.” I chuckled and followed her outside.
The cold night air was a balm to my heated skin as I took in a deep breath. It cleared my head somewhat, and I sighed as we walked to the Council-issued, black-tinted van that was parked in the driveway. Hell, I was surprised that it was still there and in one piece, too. I held out a hand to Brianna, stopping her before she could get in. “Did you step in blood at any point while you were in there?” I looked her over as she lifted each foot and checked the bottom of her shoes.
“All good,” she said a moment later and hopped inside. “Holy shit,” she spluttered as Freya exited the house and walked toward us. “Is this a mini version of a command center?” I smirked as I got in and walked over to sit before one of the monitors. “And why is it out here? In the open?” Freya slid into the driver’s seat and mentally shut all the doors. The van jumped slightly as she started it up.
“Yes, it is essentially a command center, as you put it,” Freya answered and pulled out of the driveway. “As to why it is out in the open, you will have to ask Tristan or Ari.”
“Can I get one of these?” Brianna asked and studied the restraints toward the back of the van.
She chuckled. “You may, if you one day decide to take over Ariella’s position as the head of the espionage team.”
“God damn, I’m jealous. Does Sven have one? And the others?”
“Yes, but they are not as…”
“Decked out as this one?”
“Yes. However, each van comes equipped with a little bit of everything.”
Brianna nodded. “We’re allowed to drive this thing?”
“I have informed Ari that we have her van for the time being.”
“Oh, good, because you know—”
“Stop that train of thought right there,” Freya warned and smiled. It wasn’t a pleasant smile, either. Brianna gulped.
“Forget I said anything,” she said quickly and opened up one of the minifridges.
“Sergei, will your Sarisa be joining us?”
“She will,” I said and looked up from the dark monitor that I was staring at for the past minutes. “Once she is done with Astrid for the night.” I arched an eyebrow. “Will Rory be joining us as well?”
She smiled. “Yes, he will,” she said and turned down the dirt road that led to Council HQ.
Brianna smirked. “He does have the perfect credentials for this job.”
“Indeed, that he does.”
“Is he one of Ari’s top spies?”
“Yes.”
“Damn, you guys are creepy.”
“I will take that as a compliment,” Freya said and parked at the edge of the forest of trees that hid the headquarters itself. Six hunters materialized into view as we got out. They surrounded us as six more watched over the van. We walked into the trees, and the only one that looked uncomfortable was Brianna, her eyes darting everywhere as we stepped into one of the many clearings. Rory, Cole, and Brynna stepped from the shadows and nodded to us as they came to a stop.
“Is um, is Skyler coming?” Brianna asked and shifted nervously on her feet. To be honest, I couldn’t blame her for her nervousness. Being surrounded by those thousands of years older than you could be somewhat… traumatizing.
“She is,” Freya said and placed a hand on her shoulder. “Be at ease, little one. Amaris and Aisley will also join us on the hunt.” The fledgling nodded and took in a deep, calming breath.
“We’re here,” Amaris said as she walked out of the trees, Aisley and Skyler on either side of her. Aisley broke from the group and walked over to Brianna, pulling her away from us with a smirk. “Shall we get moving?” Freya asked, her eyes on the fledglings and the werepup. Wait, Sarisa said into my mind. I’m on the way.
“Sarisa is on her way,” I said and touched her arm before she could teleport us back to the van. Freya nodded and let go of her magic as she walked over to the younger members of the group.
“While we are waiting, has everyone got the scents of those we are hunting?”
“Yes,” Aisley said and ruffled Amaris’ hair. “We’re good to go whenever you are.”
“Okay,” Sarisa said from the shadows. “I have to say it, that was disgusting.”
“The blood?”
“Yes, the gelatin blood.” She came into view and glared At Freya as she walked over to me. “You could at least heated them up before you send them to me, you know.”
“Forgive me,” Freya said dryly and rolled her eyes. “I will keep that in mind for next time.”
“Humph.” I put an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close as Freya did a quick headcount.
“Very good, we are all here. Now, let us be on our way.” With that, magic rose up around us, and everything went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-four

JAILYN

“You have got to be fucking kidding me,” I growled as a red fireball flew from my hands and struck the wall of my summoning chamber. The runes along the walls flared white for a few seconds, before fading completely and leaving white spots dancing in my vision. I took in a deep breath and snarled as I stalked from the chamber. This was fucking ridiculous, and I have had enough of playing nice. Not that I was to begin with. Reaching the main floor of my home, I stopped and looked around, even as I reached out with my senses. Fuck, I thought and teleported. I moved with lightning speed, grabbing Breelyn by the throat and cutting her off before she could send a spell my way. “I just want to talk,” I said sweetly and slowly released her. The witch reached up and rubbed at her neck, gasping and coughing as she gathered her wits about her.
“Never sneak up on a witch,” she spluttered, panting as her heartrate slowly returned to normal. “Please,” she continued and gestured to the only available chair. “Sit.” I sat and leaned back in the chair as I studied her.
“I commend you for your reaction time,” I said and folded my hands in my lap.
“Obviously, it needs more work.” I smiled. “So, what can I do for you?”
“How far along are you in the art of void and runic magic?”
She blinked. “I’m a master in both,” she said cautiously and eyed me suspiciously. “If I may ask, why do you want to know?”
“Have you heard of a void lock?”
She stiffened. “I have.”
“Excellent,” I said and gave her a cold smile. “I want you to make one. In fact, I want you to make a few of them.”
She gulped. “May I ask why?” I fought down the rage before it could overwhelmed me. It wouldn’t be such a great idea to kill the witch in front of me. Not if I wanted her help. I put my hands on her desk and leaned forward. My eyes met hers, and I smiled.
“Let’s see,” I said softly, drawing out the words. “Roxana is free from the prison that I have temporarily put her in, Kira has been taken by a coven of witches, Tristan is one step away from the edge, the Vampiric Council are working with the other Councils to keep the world from annihilation, Roxana is toying with us, and I do not! Appreciate! The devil playing her little games with my family!” Toward the end, I was yelling. “And I will do whatever it takes to lock her in the fucking void where she belongs!” I took in a deep breath and calmed myself before I did something like… blow up her office. “I will not stand by and watch as she takes them down one by one,” I said softly. “I will kill anyone who gets in my way.” Breelyn stared at me, her eyes wide as blood slowly drained from her face. She was also turning blue from lack of oxygen. “No one, and I mean no one, touches my family and live. No… one. Not even the god damn son of a motherfucking devil herself.” I growled and bared my fangs, hissing as I resisted the urge to rip and tear into the witch. My souls spun and writhed; their wails loud in my ears as I kept a tight leash on them. I took in a shuddering breath and gripped the edge of the desk as I fought down the need to shift. The wood under my fingers crumbled to dust, and it was all I could do to keep from screaming bloody murder. “And if you will not help me, I will kill your family, your friends, your coven, your apprentices, your cats, your mate,” I hissed. “Shall I continue?”
“No,” Breelyn gasped and pushed away from her desk, away from the souls reaching for her. “No, you made your point.”
“Good,” I said softly and sat back in my chair. “Now, will you help me? Or do I start with your sister?” She went paler than pale, if that was possible.
“I will help, but you will need a sacrifice for it to work.”
“I’m well aware of what the spell requires,” I said and gave her an evil smile. “After all, necromancy and void go hand in hand with one another.”
She swallowed hard, nodding. “When do you want it?” She took in a shuddering breath and gulped. “And what method do you prefer?”
“As soon as possible,” I said and stood from the chair. “And as for the method, I want a collar, a couple of bracelets, and a dagger.” I walked to her window and looked out at the early morning sky of Chicago. “Also, I want a dozen potions and a couple of the strongest void runes you can create.”
“That will take some time.”
I turned back to her and smiled. “Then you better get to it.” I teleported before she could say another word.
“Argh!” I yelled and slammed my head into a wall. Repeatedly. With a groan, I pushed from the wall and let out a heavy sigh. “You didn’t kill her. I am shocked to my very core,” Zavar drawled. “Be still, my oh so blackened and dead heart.”
“You don’t have a heart,” I growled and walked into my kitchen.
“Sure I do. I just don’t show it.”
“Humph.” I grabbed a blood bag from the refrigerator and popped it into the microwave. “Do you have something to report? Or are you just here to annoy me?”
“I actually have something to report.”
“Please, let there be good news,” I said sarcastically and retrieved my hot bag of blood. I turned and leaned against the counter as I bit into the plastic.
“Depends on how you look at it.” He tugged on the hem of his black hoodie that read: ‘Do not fuck with me, because I fuck harder.’ printed in white with flames surrounding the crude phrasing. “They summoned Amaya again.”
I sighed and drained the last drops of blood. “How long ago was this?” I asked and tossed the empty bag into the trash.
“She was summoned at sunset. Sathia leapt into the circle and grabbed her.” I closed my eyes and took in a deep, deep breath. “I got there in time to throw a lithium dagger, a charm of some kind that sank into her skin on contact, and an imbued dart.”
“Tell me that you didn’t miss with the dart.”
He smirked. “I didn’t.”
“Well,” I said and blew out a breath. “That is something at least. Did Freya mentioned how long the spell will last?”
“A week at minimum.”
“Wow,” I said, impressed.
“I know, right? She really wants to take down the devil.”
I laughed humorlessly. “She is not the only one.” Shaking my head, I walked outside, Zavar following a couple of steps behind me.
“So,” he said slowly and all but bored a hole into the back of my head. “Are you going to tell me what the plan to take down Roxana entails?”
“No,” I said and stopped in the middle of my driveway, turning to face him. “I will not. It’s better this way.”
He scowled. “If you insist.”
“I do.”
“Where are you going?”
“Hunting.”
He smirked. “In that case, have fun.” I chuckled, continuing down the driveway and onto the quiet streets.

FREYA

Sometimes, I wondered if it was worth it to keep on existing, because clearly, nothing had changed in the long run. In fact, it was worse. Of course, that was just my opinion on the matter. The icy wind blew my hair back, and I welcomed the sensation that felt wonderful against my skin. I inhaled the fresh air into my lungs and held it. Rory put a hand on my lower back, applying pressure and keeping it there as we made our way down the few steps to the business-like building up ahead. The sign read: ‘Keller and Kisby Entertainment’. “Please, for all that is holy in the world, tell me that we’re not about to walk into an adult porn filming studio or something of that nature,” Brianna said and shuddered. “If we are, I want out. Like… pronto.” She stopped and grabbed a hold of my arm, forcing us to stop with her. Rory chuckled and continued walking to the door as I turned to her. A few hours back, we had split up into three groups and gone our separate ways to widened the hunt. So far, we found nothing, just places they had been to recently. Some of the trails were fainter than others, and I was beginning to wonder if we would ever find one of them. The only ones who could home in on an exact trail in a very short amount of time were someone like Tristan, Elijah, Jailyn, or Casiar. Hell, even Brynna and Jesric could do it. Sadly, none of them were available. “We’re not, right?” I blinked and smiled down at her in amusement.
“No, sweetheart, we are not.”
“Phew, that’s a relief.” She released me and jogged up to Rory, who was holding open the door. Shaking my head, I joined them. Taking one last look back the way we came, I stepped inside and walked up to the receptionist. The teen, with dyed black hair and dark blue eyes, looked up from her computer and gave us a smile. Before she could spout out a script greeting, I reached for her mind and smiled as her eyes glazed over. From the electrical buzzing throwing up sparks and whatnot, I knew that Rory had disabled the cameras and anything else that would signify that we were here.
“You saw no one enter the building,” I said softly to the receptionist. “You will go on about your business and ignore us. When we leave, you will forget that we were ever here.”
“I saw nothing,” she said in a monotone. “I will forget.”
“Good girl,” I growled and stepped away from the desk. “Now, act normal.” I released her and glared at a snickering Brianna.
“Sorry,” the fledgling said as I followed her through another door. “I can’t picture you saying act normal. I figure you would say something like…” She frowned. “Remain sensible… or something.” Rory smirked, and then winced as I jabbed an elbow hard into his side. He cleared his throat and placed a hand on Brianna’s shoulder before she could open the door that we were standing in front of. Inside, someone was waiting. Someone, who was scared out of his mind and was ready to bolt out of the nearest window. Trackers, I silently sent out to the others. Come. A second later, the air rippled around us. Sergei and Skyler appeared behind us and looked around, saying nothing. I sensed the others answering my call, but they remained outside, on high alert for anything. Should I call it in? Skyler asked into our minds. Wait, Rory silently growled and pulled Brianna from the door. I took the cue and reached for the door handle. Gathering my magic to me, I pushed down on the handle and pushed it open. As I did so, the air sizzled, and my shield flared a blinding bright blue as a bolt of lightning struck it. Grunting from the minor backlash, I stepped inside with the others following.
“Now, now, is that a proper way to greet someone?” I said as Sergei closed the door with a loud snap. “Jumping to conclusions can be… detrimental to your well-being.”
“Vampires compelling my receptionist is always a bad sign,” the witch snapped, his dark green eyes boring into mine.
“You have encountered many of my kind, I see,” I said as the others fanned out around us.
“Not many, but enough.”
“I see. Enough to get a good sense of how we operate, hmm?”
“Yes.”
“How… very astute of you.”
“What do you want?” he snapped and glared at me.
“I would like you to come with us.” I smiled. “I prefer that you come willingly, of course.”
“If I don’t?”
“If you do not, I will have to resort to more… drastic means to obtain your… willingness.”
“Then you best kill me.”
“Oh, let us not jump to that so soon.” I placed my hands on his desk and leaned in. “After all,” I said into his ear. “We only just met. It would be ashamed if you were to ceased to exist before we can extract what we can from you. Would it not?” I straightened and leaned against Rory as I watched him.
“Fine!” he growled and pushed up from his chair.
“Holy shit,” Brianna said and blinked at him. “You’re the first.” The witch glared at her as he pushed back a few strands of his blond hair. He came out from behind his desk as we closed in on him.
“What is this about?”
“You will find out, soon enough,” I said and twirled my finger at him. With a sigh, he turned until his back was to me. This is too easy, Skyler whispered into my mind. I agree, I said to her. Call to your sire. She nodded, her eyes never leaving the witch. I reached for him with my magic, and he grunted as his hands were forced behind him. The sapphire blue energy that was my magic, bound his hands together as I chanted a spell under my breath. The magical handcuffs around his wrists turned a pulsing purple as the blood magic took hold. The witch let out a hiss of pain, and he groaned as he broke out in a cold sweat. “Let us be on our way,” I said and nodded to Sergei. A split second later, everything went black.
Ari and Tristan were waiting for us when we appeared in the living room of their home. The overwhelming scent of blood still hung in the air, taunting me as I put a hand on the witch and led him to the couch. Rory gave me a peck on the cheek, before leaving with Sergei. “Where did they go?” Skyler asked and sidled up to her sire.
“They will continue the hunt without us,” I said and pulled the witch down with me as I sat. I looked around and realized that one of them—most likely Ari—had cleaned up the place. The broken table was gone, the mess of papers and shards of glass were picked up, and the destroyed laptop was nowhere to be seen. The hole in the wall was boarded up, and in the case of the shattered window, covered up with a few sheets of thick clear plastic.
“I’m here,” the witch said and glared at Tristan. “Now, what do you bloodsuckers want with me?”
“Well,” Skyler said slowly and pulled out her phone. After a few swipes and taps, she held it out for him to see. On the screen was a picture of Kira holding up a small sign that read: ‘Chocolate is life, and you know it.’ “Have you seen her?”
“No,” he said and shrugged. “Should I have?” He sounded nonchalant to our ears, but the thumping of his heart sped up even more, and the scent of his fear grew stronger as the seconds ticked by. Skyler let out a heavy sigh and returned the phone to her pocket.
“For what it’s worth, we did give you a chance.” She nodded to his bound hands. “If I were you, I wouldn’t try to cast or do anything magic related. I have the feeling it wouldn’t go well for you if you do.” She smiled, gave us a wave, and disappeared upstairs.
“She is right, you know,” I said conversationally as Tristan and Ari closed the short distance between us. “If you insist on trying, know this: your blood will boil, and the more you resist, the more it will hurt. On top of all the blood boiling, the seizures, the migraines, and the aneurisms… I have made it so that you cannot die.” I smiled as Tristan put his hands on the witch’s head. “You will not die, until I wish it to be so.”
“Then I won’t do any magic,” he said as his fear ratcheted up a few more notches.
I chuckled. “I beg to differ. Soon enough, your instincts will take over.” I stood from the couch and turned to face him. “Last chance,” I said softly. “Have you seen her?” I asked and projected an image of Kira into his mind. He shook his head, grunting in pain as Tristan tightened his hold and tilted his head back, until they were looking each other in the eye. “Are you certain?” I asked and winced as Tristan’s aura flared to life. He was too calm, way too calm, and I did not want to be nearby when it all came to a head at the end. When the witch remained silent, my sire took the cue and blasted into his mind, brutally breaking down every single barrier with the efficiency of only someone of his age could manage. The breach of the mind would have been fatal, if not for my protection on him. So instead of dying, he passed out, bleeding from every orifice in his body.
“I’m here,” Sarisa said a second later and grabbed his arm with a glowing hand as she smirked. “This should be fun,” she finished as the witch’s eyes popped open. He let out a bloodcurdling scream, and I reached out, giving his cheek a pat as he violently thrashed, and writhed, and bucked to no avail. Tristan released him, and he smiled as Ari bared her fangs and bit hard into his neck, her eyes glowing green. I muttered a soul bind spell on the witch, wincing as his screams grew to the point of unbearable. Ari withdrew her fangs and bit into her own wrist, forcing her blood down his throat while giving me a dirty look.
“I apologize,” I said and silenced him with another quick spell. She grumbled, but nodded. “I assure you, trying to drain him hurts him more.”
Ari chuckled. “Good enough for me,” she said and tore into his neck with a growl. Tristan shook his head, stroking her hair as his eyes became unfocused. Ari pulled back and smiled at the witch. “While Tristan is sorting out your mind, why don’t you tell us about this Ritual of Ascendant?” I waved my hand at the witch, removing the spell of silence.
“Fuck…” he choked out. “You… Bitch.”
“I was afraid you were going to say that,” she said with a sigh and looked him in the eye. “Let’s see if you’ll change your mind after I flay you.” With that, she reached for Tristan’s silver blade, flicked it open, and stabbed it into his groin with a cold smile.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-five

BRIANNA

“What are you researching?” Ari asked and rested a hand on the back of my chair.
“Just reading the witch database,” I said and scrolled down the page that I was on.
“Whose logging information did you use?” she asked, sounding amused. She reached out and scrolled back to the top of the page with a harrumph. “Oh, look at this. Logged in as: Tristan Tronis.” She arched an eyebrow.
I shrugged. “He was the one who logged in for me.” She nodded. “Is our guest still alive?”
“He is.” She peered at me quizzically. “Why? Do you want to try and see if you can get something from him?” I shrugged. “Okay. It’s a little after one, Freya will be here at two.” She paused, and then nodded to herself. “Lily is making creamy vegetable soup, if you would like some.”
I nodded and stood. “Can I keep that up?” I asked and gestured to the laptop.
“Yeah. Just make sure you log out when you’re done.”
“Okay,” I said and followed her from Tristan’s office. “So, is the Council going to pay for your new laptop?”
She snorted. “Hardly.”
“Damn, no special treatment?” She laughed, shaking her head as we entered the kitchen. I took my bowl of soup from my sister and winced as it burned my fingers. Vampire or not, hot was hot, and I could definitely still feel pain.
“That’s why you take it with the napkin,” Lily said dryly and tried to hand one to Ari. She took the pack of saltines, instead. “Oh, you eat that but not the soup?” Ari shrugged as my sister and I winced from the gust of wind slamming into the plastic covering that was the broken window. “You are no fun,” Lily said and followed me to the table. Ari joined us and handed us each a soup spoon.
“Thanks,” I said and tried not to shiver as Tristan walked in. Jane detached herself from him and ran to the simmering pot sitting on the stovetop. “Are the boys coming?” I asked and began to eat.
“They are,” Ari said and crunched down on a cracker. “They’re just a couple of blocks down at 7-Eleven.” She set a napkin beside my bowl along with four crackers.
“Same for me,” Lily said as I crushed my crackers and sprinkled them over my soup.
“None for me,” Jane said as she joined us with her own bowl. Lily and I scowled at Tristan, who was eyeing the steady pulse in her neck.
“What?” he asked and glared at us. I gulped as his aura briefly flared to life before it was quickly gone. Sighing, he walked to the refrigerator and grabbed a blood bag from it. He eyed it for a moment, before letting out another sigh and popping it into the microwave. While all this was going on, Jane ate her soup, seeming to be oblivious to her surroundings. She is not, Tristan said into my mind, amused. Ari exited the kitchen, and I heard the sound of the front door opening and then closing a few seconds later. Seth and Leo followed her back into the kitchen with bags in their hands.
“Nostalgia,” Ari said with a wistful sigh, too low for the humans to hear. “I remember them when they were like eleven. Where has the time gone?”
“Yes,” Tristan replied, just as softly and ruffled Jane’s hair. “And this little one was…” He paused. “Seven at the time, I believe.” I resisted the urge to squirm as I finished eating.
“Mmhmm.” I jumped as Leo slammed down a bottle of blueberry schnapps along with lemonade and vodka. He and Seth pulled out more alcoholic stuff and set them on the table.
“Now, I know you don’t get drunk from this shit, sis,” he said to me and smirked. “But you’re going to drink with us whether you want to or not.” I hid a smile behind my raised bowl, nodding.
“Wait,” Ari said, her voice still pitched low so that the humans couldn’t hear. “Are we going to let them throw a drinking party?”
Tristan chuckled. “I’m curious how it will turn out.”
She nodded. “And if they ask us to drink with them?”
He smirked. “Then we will humor them.”
“Okay. Besides, we need something other than doom and gloom.”
“That’s the spirit,” he said and drained the rest of his cooling blood.
“I’m just glad they’re not inviting the entire neighborhood.”
“Oh,” he growled. “They know better.”
“You don’t have neighbors,” I said, just as softly as I stood and brought my empty bowl to the sink.
“Precisely.”
“Freya, Skyler, and Corinne are here,” Ari said and nodded to the window. “With Aisley, Amaris, and Natalia.” She waved to the werepup and Natalia. “Those two are not drinking. Period.”
“I agree,” Freya said from the front door. “No arguments,” she finished as someone took in a breath to speak. They entered a minute later, and I waved to them as I headed for the living room. At the couch, I paused and tickled Nova’s tummy. She was lying half-awake in her cradle, and I smiled as she kicked at my arm.
“One day, you’re going to be a menace,” I said to her, watching as she closed one of her hands into a fist. For once, her claws weren’t out. I patted her on the head and turned to the hall that led to the basement. I stopped before the heavy reinforced steel door and stared at the keypad that was beside it. The air shifted behind me, and Tristan’s fingers were a blur as he punched in the code. They were even too fast for me to catch what the numbers were. There was the sound of a thunk, followed by a click. I moved to open the door, but a cool touch of Tristan’s hand on my arm froze me to the spot. Someone else came up behind me, and I wanted to die as the shock from Freya’s hands on my shoulders jolted through me. Since Tristan hadn’t dropped his hand, the creepy tingling feeling, like a billion ants crawling all over your skin, intensified.
“Reach out with your senses,” Freya said softly and removed her hands. I took in a deep breath, inwardly sighing in relief as they took several steps away from me. I was still pulling myself together a minute later when Seth walked down the hall toward me. He handed me an ice cold glass of blueberry vodka lemonade, saying nothing as he returned to the kitchen. I smiled and took a sip as I mentally reached out with my senses. A second later, I knew why Tristan had stopped me.
“Shit,” I said, almost spewing my drink. Freya came up to my side and placed a hand on the door. There was a brief shimmer of blue light, before it was gone. “Is it safe to open?” She nodded, and I pulled it open with a grunt. She and Tristan grabbed hold of the door, yanking it back until it slammed against the wall with a loud thump. Taking in a deep breath and tightening my grip on my drink, I went down the stairs into darkness.

LOUELLA

“Don’t. Move, sweetheart.” I froze at the feel of silver a few inches from my throat, instinctively angling my neck away from the deadly blade.
“Who are you?”
“Rory. You are?”
“What the hell?” I spluttered. “How long have you been following me?”
“Forty-five minutes, now.” The knife withdrew, and I inwardly let out a sigh of relief. “You catch every supernatural following you?”
“Yeah, within a minute or so.”
“Huh, interesting.”
“Let me see you.” We were standing at the mouth of an alley, and I almost walked past it. I stared up at the fading sun, stiffening as my skin began to crawl. Rory stepped in front of me and inclined his head to me. He was, unsurprisingly, dressed in all black. “Take off your hood.”
He chuckled. “Well, if I do that, I would have to kill you where you stand.”
“What are you? An assassin?”
“What gave it away?” he asked sarcastically. He held a silver dagger in one of his gloved hands, and I eyed it nervously as I took a cautious step back. “So, can I have a name?”
“Louella.” He seemed to ponder on something for a moment, and then the dagger disappeared into somewhere in his clothes.
“Are you off to anywhere important right now?” I shook my head. “You wouldn’t mind coming with me, then? We have a few questions.”
“Um… okay?” He held out a hand to me, and I reluctantly took it.
“Are you friends with any of the witches?” he asked and slightly tightened his grip around my hand, which felt like I had just stuck it in an electrical socket. He had to be a really old vampire, because a fledgling or a young vampire’s aura was nowhere near this uncomfortable. He cleared his throat, and I blinked up at him. Oh, right, I thought and winced.
“Yeah, I have a few witch friends.”
“Teleporting incoming,” he warned. I nodded, and everything went dark.
We appeared in a small room with a round table and a few chairs around it. The back of my neck tingled, as if I was being watched. A speaker overhead crackled to life, and I looked up, frowning. “Have a seat,” Rory said and pulled out a chair. I sat and looked around nervously.
“No cell for our esteemed guest?” a female voice asked over the intercom. Rory pulled off his hood and glared up at the camera. I realized that it was attached to a half-cape thing, completely covering the upper half of his body. Underneath, he wore a dark blue T-shirt. “Brianna is on her way to you. She just abruptly changed direction.” He grunted, pulling off his gloves and stuffing them in his pocket. I nodded to his hood and arched an eyebrow.
“Does it come with pockets?” He blinked, and then shrugged as he picked it up and dropped it in front of me with a loud clang. “Well, I guess that answered my question.” Before I could explore, the door opened, and a young blonde entered, holding a drink in her hand.
“Could you tell Tristan to turn down his creep-o-meter?” she asked and flipped her middle finger at the camera. A gasp came over the speaker, followed by a splutter of… something I couldn’t make out. The fledgling snickered and held out a hand to me. “Hi, I’m Brianna, but you can call me Bri or Bria.”
“Louella, but if you value your life, never, ever call me Ella. You can call me Lou, but I really prefer just Louella.” I said and shook her hand enthusiastically. “Nice to meet you.” I dropped my hand and leaned back in my chair. “So, what nefarious things are you guys planning to do to me, if I don’t answer your questions?”
“I like her already,” the female voice said from the speaker. Brianna snickered and nodded to me. “She’s a keeper, this one.”
“Thanks?”
“You’re welcome. By the way, I’m Ari. I’d join you guys, but this spawn of Satan won’t let me.” She chuckled. “Tristan and Freya will be there shortly.”
“What are they doing?” Brianna asked and pulled out a chair. She dropped into it, resting her arms on the table and setting down her drink.
“They’re grabbing our witch friend.”
“Ah, the one you turned into a eunuch.” Rory winced, and I smiled as I carefully explored the pockets of his hooded cape, mindful of the heat I could feel emanating from the silver. The door opened, and I gaped at the naked dude held in Tristan’s arms. He was unconscious, and my eyes automatically went to his groin. His genitals were intact. Rory pulled his hood back, clearing the table as Tristan dropped the witch. It shook under his weight, but held. “Do you know this guy?” Brianna asked me and poked him in the stomach.
“No,” I said and scowled. She nodded, and then slapped his leg. Hard. He woke with a scream, and I cringed, wincing as hot blood trickled from my abused ears.
“This guy has lungs on him,” Ari said and chuckled. “I mean, look at him go.”
“Shut up!” Brianna shouted over his screams. My ears continued to bleed as I gently rubbed at them. They felt hot under my fingers. Luckily, I wasn’t the only one bleeding. The witch’s screams finally died off, and he blinked several times up at the ceiling, before turning his head to look at all of us.
“Welcome back to the living,” I said and smirked at him. “What did you do to incur the wrath of these people?”
“Who the hell are you?” the witch rasped and glared at me.
“Where’s my sister?”
“With the devil,” he snapped, seeming to forget where he was.
“I thought as much,” I said with a sigh. The vampires around me were so still; they were like statues, not even breathing or blinking. “Wait, if you didn’t know who I was, how do you know that I have a sister?”
“Who else has white hair? Only rabbits.”
“For the love of… I! Am! Not! A! Fucking! Rabbit! Or a duck! Or a swan! Or a fucking chipmunk!” Beside me, Brianna was making squeaking noises as she tried not to burst out laughing in hysterics. The witch didn’t even noticed.
“What are you, then?” I growled and resisted the urge to rip out his throat.
“She,” Jailyn said as she appeared in the room. “Is an arctic wolf. They are most prominent in Russia.” She smiled and inclined her head to me. “Hello, Louella.” I waved and looked around the room for a particular insane vampire. The last time I saw her, she tried to grab my tail and called me a puppy. “Jordana isn’t here. I promise.”
“You two know each other?” Rory asked slowly.
“Uh huh,” I said distractedly as I watched the witch break out in sweat.
“Tristan?” Ari’s voice came over the speaker, and she sounded deep in thought about something. “Do you have everything from the witch?” Tristan looked up at the camera, at the witch, before looking back at the camera. After a moment, he leaned over the table and reached for the witch. Before he could react, I felt a slight touch of magic that moved through the room to settle over him like a caressing breeze. The witch stiffened, unable to move as Tristan pressed two fingers to the side of his neck, as if checking for a pulse. That wasn’t the case, however. He stared deep into the witch’s eyes, and the hairs on the back of my neck rose.
“Tell me,” Tristan softly growled. “Where will the Ritual of Ascendant take place?”
“Where it all began,” the witch replied in a monotone. “Hell.”
“What gateway?” I asked and gripped the sides of my chair.
“Answer her,” Tristan said quietly.
“Take the gateway in Sweden.”
“Thank you. You have been… very helpful.” I jumped from my chair and rolled under the table as blood sprayed into the air. It went everywhere; the walls, the ceiling, the floor… I didn’t wait to see what Tristan did, but it was sure as fuck a lot of arterial blood. At the sound of someone knocking on the table, I let out a yelp.
“You can come out now,” an amused Jailyn said as Brianna laughed her ass off. She sounded like she was half laughing, half moaning, and half crying. “Sweetling, do I need to admit you into a mental institution?”
“Sorry,” Brianna gasped as I stood, taking the table with me. “Sorry.”
“What are you doing?” Rory asked and grabbed the table that was over my head like a shield. He set it down at the far corner of the room and frowned. I glanced down at my hands and realized that my claws were fully extended.
“So,” Ari said and cleared her throat. Brianna brought her drink to her mouth and drained what was left of it. In the background, a baby cooed. “Someone mind removing blood from the camera? I can’t see shit.”


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-six

JAILYN

I snatched Nova from Ari and cuddled her close. “Hey!” Ari exclaimed. “Get your own baby.”
“My baby is all grown,” I said with a smile. “So, I can’t really cuddle him.” She laughed, watching me as I nuzzled the only baby in the room. “She’s the next best thing.”
“Humph.”
“She’s so adorable,” Louella said from the doorway of Tristan’s office.
“Come in,” I said to her and gently removed Nova’s hand from my hair. It was made more difficult by the extended sharp claws of hers. The shifter walked in and stopped beside the nearest chair, her ice-blue eyes taking in everything. “Since you’re still alive, I take it that you’ve answered their questions to their satisfactory?”
She nodded. “Trust me, Tristan wanted to kill me several times over.”
I smiled. “That’s normal for him. He wants to kill everyone.”
“Including his mate?”
“Oh, especially his mate,” Ari said, nodding to herself.
“I just bet,” the shifter said with a knowing smirk. “Has he killed his mate yet? Today, I mean.”
“Early this morning, if you must know.” I raised Nova higher and hid my smile in her soft belly.
“I’m surprise the house is still standing.”
“I know, right?” Louella snickered and flopped into the chair, her head hitting the wall behind her with a soft thump. I lowered Nova to my stomach and held her in one arm as I flipped through another stack of papers on the desk in front of me. Ari turned to face the shifter and leaned back in her chair as she studied her. “On a serious note, though. Do they really have your sister?” Louella nodded. “How do you know it was them?”
“You can’t mistake the feeling of evil in the air.” She paused. “That’s when I called Jailyn.”
Ari nodded. “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry. We’ll get her back one way or another. Dead or alive. I give you my word.” They both winced as the vow took hold and dug its claws in deep. I also winced, but it was more from the brief flare of blood-red light that flashed from Ari to the shifter. It was there and gone in a heartbeat, but it still left afterimages in my mind’s eye. There was a quick knock at the door before it was pushed open. Sven stood in the doorway and leaned against the frame as he stared in at us.
“Yes?” I asked, drawing out the word. “Can we help you?” He smirked, but remained silent. I suddenly felt a sharp stinging pain on my breast, and I yelped as I quickly stuck my hand between the offending fangs and my boobs. “No,” I said firmly to the spawn in my arm. I rubbed at the sore spot, thankful that she didn’t draw blood. They all turned and stared at me as Nova chewed into my hand. This time, she did draw blood.
“Did she, um… did she just try to bite your nipple off?” Ari asked and laughed.
“Shut it,” I growled and glared down at the evil little thing that looked way too much like an innocent baby. Well, if you didn’t count the fangs or the claws. Nova’s hot tongue pushed against my hand, even as she continued to chomp away. She pulled back a few seconds later, and I braced myself as she let out an angry wail. “What?” I asked defensively. “I don’t taste good?” I scowled at her. “I’m offended.” Snickering, Ari reached out and took her from me. Smiling, she bit into her wrist and pressed the bleeding wound to Nova’s mouth. I arched an eyebrow in question.
“Her fangs grew longer since the last time we checked. She’s now able to keep the wound from closing while she feeds. Sarisa thinks they will grow again when she’s like… one or something.”
“How… interesting,” I said thoughtfully as I watched Nova feed. “I’m guessing her claws will grow, too?” She nodded. I glanced down at the paper I was holding and scowled. With a sigh, I set it down and got to my feet.
“Who is the first going down?” Ari asked and gestured to the notepad sitting on the desk behind her. Across the top, it read: ‘Vampire’, ‘Shifter’, ‘Witch’, and ‘Necromancer’.
“Necromancer,” I growled and glared at the offending pad of pale blue papers. “Then witch.” I paused and frowned. “If all four are in one place, we might have to quickly take out the vampire and the shifter.” I sighed. “The magic users will be protected for sure. The vampire and the shifter are just there for sacrificial reasons.”
“aren’t they all up for sacrifice?”
“They are, but they’ll be the first to go. The necromancer will be the last one standing in the end.” Ari nodded, removing her wrist from her daughter’s mouth before holding her close. “We need to find them before they perform the Ritual of Sanguine Unity.”
“When will the other one be performed?”
“On the night of the blood moon.”
“Shiiiiit,” Ari breathed. “The blood moon isn’t that far off.”
“No, it is not.” I exited the office and gestured for Sven to follow. “Were you able to get Dana to show you one of her paintings?” I asked as I led him outside.
“According to her, she cannot show any of them until after the event unfolds.”
“Damn,” I said with a sigh. “I was hoping she would be able to show us at least one small piece.”
He chuckled. “She did show us a piece, but it has nothing to do with what’s going on now.”
“Of course,” I said dryly and stepped up to Ari’s van. I knocked on the driver’s side window and tried to see inside. The window rolled down, and a scowling Jesric looked out at me. “What?” I asked. “Not happy to see me?”
“Oh, he is,” Aisley called from the back. “He’s just great at hiding it.” Jesric sighed and popped open the side door. Sven and I stepped inside, and I squinted my eyes against the bright glare of the interior lights.
“Is there a party here?” I asked and winced as Brynna worked something under the fingernails of a groaning rogue. “You do know that they have a large basement for activities such as this one, right?” I drawled.
“I know,” Brynna said with a chuckle. “We decided on new scenery.” She grinned. “Have you seen the stuff she has in here?” She held up a needle-like device that was currently dripping blood. “She has all these torture implements that I don’t even know about. I mean, what the fuck.” I smirked and settled into one of the many available seats. The large van could hold up to twenty people in total and have room for extras, which Ari apparently had put to good use. It might as well be a fucking mini tour bus. There was a plastic sheeting over everything as Brynna gleefully tortured the poor rogue. She was careful to keep the blood spilling to the floor and off the equipment mounted to the walls of the van. Aisley watched her, occasionally shaking her head in bemusement.
“Tristan is coming this way,” Jesric growled and yanked the door shut.
“Be very afraid,” Aisley purred to the gasping rogue. I held back a snort as Tristan slammed his hand into the window. Remarkably, the glass didn’t break. Rolling his eyes, he opened the door and ducked inside. His nostrils flared as he looked around.
“Hi, Tristan,” Brynna said and waved to him. “Want a snack?” Tristan looked at the rogue, and then lunged for her with a snarl. Brynna yelped and scrambled away from them as his fangs struck the side of the rogue’s throat.
“You did ask,” I said and laughed softly. The rogue would have screamed, if she didn’t sound like she was choking on something. “What is she choking on?”
She shrugged. “A spiked ball.”
“Ouch.”
She pouted. “I didn’t even start the twenty-question game yet.”
“You’ll get your chance,” I said and leaned back in my seat. “Provided Tristan doesn’t deprive her of her head or heart, of course.” She started kicking him, keeping up the assault until he pulled back and spun to her with a low growl. Yelping, she jumped to her feet and quickly moved to the front of the van, away from him. Tristan released the rogue and dropped into the nearest seat with an annoyed growl. “Anything?” I asked.
“Nothing.” He paused, his eyes going unfocused. “Well, except for maybe this.” My vision wavered in and out of focus for the briefest of seconds. When it righted itself, I saw the scene that he projected to me.
“Let’s go round them all up,” I said and waved Brynna over. “Take care of her.” I pointed to the rogue and stood. Tristan followed me up front and opened the door. He stepped out and vanished into the shadows. I jumped out and went after him.
“There are a few nearby,” he growled and tilted his head back. He inhaled deeply, his nostrils flared, and he sniffed at the air, keeping to the shadows as we ran.
Half an hour or so later, we found ourselves striding down a narrow path that led up to a gated mansion. “I think there are more than a few here,” I said as we came to a stop.
“Around fifty.”
“That would be my guess as well.” We melted back into the shadows as a vampire guard came into view. He suddenly froze, his entire body going taut as he turned green; looking like he was going to puke up every drop of blood as he fought the calling pull of his sire. I elbowed Tristan and rolled my eyes. “You’re going to implode his brain if you keep that up.” The guard doubled over and painfully gasped in lungful after lungful of air. After several minutes, he straightened and looked around, one of his hands going to a pocket. He pulled out a demon blood-coated blade and stepped toward the gate. It swung open on silent hinges, and he walked out, quickly closing it behind him.
“What are you doing here?” the guard hissed as he made his way to us.
“I could ask you the same,” Tristan replied and smirked.
“You shouldn’t be here.”
“Oh? Tell me, why is that?”
“You can’t take on all of us at once.” He stopped before his sire and glared at him.
“Can’t I?” In a move too fast for human eye to track, the gate guard drew his blade back and stabbed it deep into Tristan’s gut. Fuck, that was going to leave painful reminders; like Sarisa’s bullet wound.
“Now, you can’t,” he growled, a little too confidently. Boy, was he wrong. Also, Tristan could have easily dodged it, but for some reason, he didn’t. He showed no sign that he was in pain or otherwise, but I knew better. He looked down and grabbed the hilt of the blade as the guard looked on in confusion. “Why are you not screaming in pain? Doesn’t it hurt you?”
“Oh,” Tristan growled, drawing out the word. “Trust me, it does.” He slowly pulled the blade free and handed it to me. “It is one of the most painful things I have ever endured.” Ari was going to be pissed beyond belief, I thought as I continued to watch. Blood poured from Tristan’s wound, and it looked like it wasn’t going to heal anytime soon. “Now, you’re going to do everything I say.”
“You’re fucking—”
“Everything,” Tristan said in a whisper, cutting him off. The guard’s eyes went blank as the compulsion slammed into him. “Am I clear?”
“Yes, sire. I’ll do everything you say.”
“You will open the gate for me. You will not call out for assistance of any kind.” The guard nodded, and we followed him to the gate. Without a word, he opened it, and we stepped through. “Close it.” He did as he was told, and then just stood there. “Now, one last thing. You will be silent throughout this next part.”
“They’re watching us. You know they are.”
“Oh, I do know this for a fact, and I know that they’re listening to every word that we’re saying.” Though it was less so than before, blood continued to pour from his stab wound. His ability to heal wasn’t going to kick in, not until he was clear of the ichor swimming in his bloodstream.
“You’re not going to kill me in front of them. You wouldn’t.” Oh, the ignorance of some people. I sighed and rolled my eyes. Freya, I silently call out to her. Come here and make sure that no one escapes this mansion. She appeared behind us a minute later, and I more felt her nod than saw it.
“It will be done,” she said softly and was gone. Tristan stepped up to the guard and just stared at him for a long moment.
“How you disappoint me so,” he growled under his breath and reached out to caress his childe’s cheek. “I want you to slowly rip out your own heart,” he said softly into his ear and dropped his hand as he took a couple of steps back. The guard’s eyes widened, but the compulsion was too great to resist. He raised his hand, and I winced as he punched through his own chest, wrapping his fingers around the frantically beating heart and slowly ripping it out. He was clearly in agony, but he couldn’t stop, no matter how hard he tried. Tristan watched him, his expression stoic. Since he was shielding himself, and I had to admit, it was the most shielding he had ever done. I couldn’t even feel his hunger that I knew, for a fact, was torturing him. Even the feel of his aura was gone. I found that I actually didn’t like this side of him. It was… unpredictable, and I didn’t like it in the slightest. The bloody, still beating heart fell from the guard’s limp fingers, and Tristan caught him before his lifeless body could hit the ground. He whispered something too soft for me to make out and gently lowered him to the ground. A couple of fireballs lit up the night, quickly consuming both heart and corpse in matter of seconds. Freya stepped from the shadows and quickly moved to her sire’s side. Putting a hand on his back, she quickly muttered a spell. Tristan doubled over, coughing and groaning as blood poured from his mouth. While he was busy expelling every last drop of ichor, the screaming, yelling, and the shouting began as the rogues inside the mansion tried to escape.
“You want this?” I asked and held out the blade to Freya. She carefully took it with a nod.
“Thank you.” Tristan straightened, panting as he glared at us. I held up my hands and shook my head at him.
“Don’t glare at me,” I said with a scowl. “I didn’t do anything.” Freya stared nervously at him, not even breathing. “We came here for a reason,” I said slowly and pointed to the mansion. The frigid wind suddenly picked up, until it was buffeting us on all sides. The explosion came a second later as Tristan’s aura flared to life. The sound of every window shattering was loud in my ears as we flew through the nearest one. “Let him have this one,” I said to Freya and pulled her with me to stand at the nearest wall to us. We watched, as everyone surged forward, running and leaping for the shattered windows. My ears popped as Tristan moved in a blur, displacing the air around us. There were a few witches and shifters in the mix of rogue vampires. Hell, there were even a few humans. I cringed as the witches all focused on him. He hit the floor with a snarl, and I might have did a fist pump when he surged upward with a roar and stabbed his claws into the first witch’s throat, ripping it out. They amped up the aneurism, and he went into berserk mode. Blood flew into the air as heads, body parts, and entrails smacked into whatever and whoever was in the way. I grabbed a table and lifted it in time to block an incoming torso. The agonizing screams were music to my ears as they fell, one by one. Tristan grabbed the last witch, ignoring the rogues and the shifters beating the living shit out of him as he violently bit into her skull with a feral snarl. He tore into her neck, growling as he drove his hands into her gut and split her open. “How many witches was that?”
“Fifteen, I believe,” Freya said and smiled. Tristan spun and stabbed one of the shifters in the eye with what looked like a broken piece of a rib cage. The rogues no longer cared about escaping; they cared more about the amount of blood they could ingest. One of them screamed in rage, and Tristan let out a scream of his own as he punched, kicked, clawed, and fanged his way through them. All the while, he telekinetically slammed bodies into furniture, the walls, the ceiling, and the floor. Some of them dropped dead, like their strings had been cut. One second, they were alive, and the next, they were dead as their brains imploded. If their deaths were causing him pain, he didn’t show it as he leapt to the second floor and chased after the runaways. He body-slammed a panther and snarled as he ripped into him with a ferocious fervor. I think his eyes flashed demon crimson a time or two. He crushed the poor shifter’s skull and jumped up with a roar.
“Okay,” I said slowly to a fascinated Freya. “Something is wrong. He doesn’t get this angry over a mansion full of rogues.”
“I agree,” she replied and frowned. We kept a good distance from him as we followed him, and there were rivers of blood everywhere we went. Tristan smashed through one of the closed doors, and a rogue let out a bloodcurdling scream as he suddenly found himself set ablaze. Tristan ended his misery with a karate chop to the neck that sent his head flying. He tossed the headless corpse at another rogue, even as he plowed into her with a feral snarl. Some of them begged for their lives, but Tristan ignored the pleas as he savagely and permanently ended them. For the humans who were mindlessly wandering about, on the other hand, he snapped their necks, giving each one of them a quick, merciful death. The rest… not so much. A shifter and a rogue lunged for him, and he gave me whiplash as he spun and drove his claws into the gut of the shifter. His insides spilled from him, steaming as they hit the floor with a sickening splat. Tristan’s other hand flashed and tore into muscles and bones, parting the head from the shoulders. The mansion shook as a ball of bluish-white ice smashed into the skull of another snarling rogue. He grabbed the one clinging to him and caved in his head with a powerful smack to the back of the skull. He dislodged the rogue and stomped on his head, until it was nothing more than pulp on the floor. His eyes took in everything in a split second, and then he launched himself at the last of them. The sounds of tearing flesh and crunching bones were loud to my ears, even over the rush of blood and the pounding of my own heart. “I hope he does not throw another fireball any time soon,” Freya said and pointed to a tongue of flame already licking along one wall. A blue tendril of ice flew from her hand and struck the small fire, extinguishing it before it could spread any further.
“I’m not telling him to switch to ice,” I said and ducked under a sailing vase… out of all things. “You tell him.”
“Oh, I think not.” A shrill scream rent the air, and I winced as Tristan sliced a female rogue open from her neck to her groin. There were two of them left, and one of them was just standing there, her eyes vacant as bloody drool trailed down her chin to her torn shirt.
“I think he broke her.”
Freya nodded. “I believe he did.” The rogue—the one sliced open—moaned in pain as she stared up at Tristan in sheer terror.
“I’ll tell you anything you want to know,” she gasped and shook under him.
“Yes,” he snarled. “You will.” She let out a bloodcurdling scream, her body arching off the floor as he tore into her mind. When her screams died off a long minute later, she was only a shell of herself. Tristan leaned down and savagely bit into her neck, tearing into her with a snarl, until the head parted from the shoulders and rolled a few inches away. He pushed off of her and slowly turned to the one remaining rogue left alive. This time, his eyes did flash red, and it wasn’t the red of a sated vampire. Yep, something was definitely wrong, because I never seen him this enraged about something. He was so enraged that the core of his beast was showing. A chill ran down my spine, because there was only one thing I could think of that would cause him to lose it completely. From the expression on Freya’s face, I knew that she had figured it out, too. Ariella, I telepathically said into her mind. Do you have Nova? Yes, she silently replied cautiously. Why? she asked suspiciously. Come to me, and bring her with you.
“Freya,” I said out loud. “Hide the scent of everything here.” She nodded and began to mutter under her breath. Jailyn, what is going on? Ari silently demanded of me. Just come to me, love. Tristan reached out a hand and wrapped it around the rogue’s throat. He casually pulled her to him and bent her backward, until he was able to sink his fangs into her jugular. Growling, he pulled long and hard on her neck, draining her of every last drop of blood. When he was done, he punched a hand through her chest and tore out her heart. It burst into flames in his hand as Ari appeared beside me. Her loud gasp that followed a split second later could wake up the fucking dead. She quickly glanced down at Nova in her arms, letting out a sigh of relief when she remained blissfully unaware, cooing softly to herself. “I’ll tell you everything,” I said to her and nodded to Tristan. “Right now, you need to bring him back to us.” She nodded, gulping as she cautiously approached him. “Make sure that he sees Nova.”
“Got it,” she said and stopped in front of him. She reached out and rested a hand on his taut arm. He still vibrated with murderous intent, but the problem was, there was nothing else to kill, let alone tear apart. She glanced at the lifeless rogue he was still holding and stepped closer to him. She hefted their daughter higher and reached up to stroke his cheek. “Tristan,” she said softly, calmly. “It is over, now. Nova is perfectly safe.” She held out Nova to him, close enough that she was able to kick at his hand and grab onto his shirt. Tristan blinked, and then looked down into innocent, bright, emerald-green eyes. Nova took in a deep breath, and then let out a wail of distress. She fisted her hand in his blood-drenched shirt and hung on, as if her life depended on it, because to her, it probably did.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-seven

ARI

Tristan was out cold. Well, it was more like, he was under a sleeping spell. I sat on the bed beside him and watched him for any sign of movement. Other than the blanket covering the lower half of him, he was naked. After the massacre, because that’s what it was, we returned home, and while I tried to calm Nova, Sergei, Sven, and Casiar cleaned him up, all the while trying not to get their heads ripped off in the process. Nova kept me from strangling them when they had to use force to keep him contained. I glared at her, and she, of course, ignored me from her comfortable position atop his stomach. Dressed in a short-sleeved, pale pink onesie, she was on her back, her arms and legs flailing at empty air. I reached for her, but before I could pick her up, she started crying. “Okay, okay,” I said and threw up my hands. “When did he become your favorite?” After a moment, she quieted and stared intently up at the ceiling.
“I became her favorite the moment she was born,” Tristan grumbled and opened his eyes.
“Oh, you’re awake.” He grunted and scooped our daughter into his arms as he sat up. “How are you feeling?” I asked. “Jailyn told me everything.” He winced. “I’m still mad at you for not dodging.” He squinted at me, and I scowled at him. He sighed.
“It hurts.” He paused. “A lot.”
I blinked. “Wow,” I said and smiled. “You didn’t say you’re fine, for once.” He growled and glared at me. “Okay,” I said and wrapped an arm around his shoulders. “Stop blocking me.” I braced myself, and then gasped as his pain flared through the bond. “Fuuuuuck,” I said and breathed through it. The stab wound was red-hot, and it throbbed in time with his heartbeat. His insides felt like they were quivering from the agonizing pain of it. “Wow,” I said and shook my head. Tristan didn’t cut me off from him, and I was glad for it. Of course, I knew that he disagreed with me when it came to anything causing me any small amount of pain. I moved closer to him and wrapped my arms around him from behind. I’d rather be in his arms, but Nova made that difficult. There was a knock at the door, before it was pushed open. Jailyn and Casiar walked in, and I smiled as Jailyn flopped onto the bed with a contented sigh.
“I got a body count,” she said and smirked. “You want it?”
“No,” I said and frowned. “I’m afraid of what the number will be.”
She chuckled and gave my leg an affectionate pat. “Fifteen witches, twelve shifters, and twenty-five vampires.” I whistled appreciatively. “Oh, and let’s not forget the twenty mindless human thralls.”
I winced. “Seventy-two in total.”
“Yep.” She poked Tristan in his side and grinned. “I hope you had fun, at least.” He grunted and lowered Nova to his lap. “That’s a nice knifepoint tattoo.” I snorted and moved until I could see it, too. The wound was an angry red color, and it felt hot under my fingers as I palpated the area. Tristan’s cool fingers wrapped around my wrist, pulling my hand away with a scowl. Jailyn smiled. “I give you props for not falling to the ground screaming and writhing.” He rolled his eyes, wincing.
“What?” I asked.
“I have a migraine,” he growled and idly stroked his fingers through Nova’s fine hair.
“Sarisa and Astrid will be here shortly,” Casiar said from his seat by the window.
“Great,” I said and leaned against Tristan. “Is Sergei coming, too?”
“He is, actually. Sven, Liana, Jordana, Hannah, Brianna and her sisters are already here.” He smirked. “But of course, you already knew that.”
“Ya,” I said. “I did.” I reached over and tickled Nova’s foot. “Did you know Brianna and her siblings are trying to learn how to speak Swedish?” All three vampires turned to stare at me. Well, except for Tristan, he just looked down at me. I laughed. “I would sometimes stand outside the door listening to them. Poor Hannah is just in there laughing her ass off ninety-nine percent of the time. She sometimes has conversations with her sister over the phone and goes into hysterics.” Casiar arched an eyebrow. “Sexual empowerment, they call it.”
“Ah,” Jailyn said and laughed. “Damn, wish I was there. So, you just stood there?”
“Oh,” I said and snickered. “I was dying inside. I couldn’t even breathe.” She chuckled. “I had to walk away.”
“Do they have a set day?”
I nodded. “Friday night.” I frowned. “Actually, the entire weekend if they can get away with it.” She nodded. “Skyler is taking her lesson from Astrid. She’s having more success than the others.” I chuckled and patted Nova on her leg.
“Why aren’t you guys teaching her?”
I shrugged. “She didn’t ask.”
“Fair point.”
“She’s also trying to learn Norwegian at the same time.”
“What?” Jailyn asked and scowled. “I know the two languages are similar, but god damn. One at a time. Next thing you know, she’s going to want to learn Danish. Or god forbid, Icelandic, and you know that language isn’t really similar to those three.”
I smirked. “Yeah.” I rolled my eyes and waved Sarisa and Astrid inside as they appeared in the doorway. “All right, sweetie,” I said to Nova and tickled her tummy. “Let’s have Sarisa look over your father for hidden injuries.” I took her from Tristan and cuddled her. “Don’t fight me.” She squeaked at me and grabbed a fistful of my hair as I moved off the bed to the floor. I lightly bounced her in my arms and smiled.
“Knowing him, I probably will,” Sarisa said and squinted her eyes. Placing a glowing hand on Tristan’s stomach, she concentrated. I let out a relieved sigh as the pain eased somewhat. I leaned against the bed and closed my eyes. I might have drifted off for a minute or two, because I woke with a jolt as someone took Nova from my arms.
“Huh?” I asked and glanced around. “I’m awake.”
“I have my doubts about that,” Casiar said in amusement and looked down at a disinterested Nova in his arms. Tristan groaned and reached for me, pulling me back on the bed. Casiar smirked and placed Nova in her crib. Giving her head a pat, he pushed it next to us and went over to Jailyn, who was laying half on and half off the bed. She let out a small scream as he suddenly shoved her to the floor. Sarisa and Astrid chuckled as they pulled her to her feet.
“How is he?” I asked Sarisa as I cuddled Tristan.
“Other than the stab wound, he is fine,” she said and smiled.
“Oh,” I said with a relieved sigh and closed my eyes. “Good. Zap me awake when night falls.”
“We will,” Casiar replied, his voice fading into the distance as sleep claimed me.

FREYA

“S-s-so,” Lily said nervously and fidgeted with the pen in her hands. “Jailyn wanted me to get you. S-s-something about a dagger.” Oh, she was too cute, standing there in the doorway and looking as if she was going to pass out. Then again, I couldn’t blame her as my aura wrapped around her like a static field. “She-she’s outside.”
“Thank you, sweetheart. I will be there shortly.” Lily nodded and all but ran from my office. I took in a deep, deep breath and got to my feet. Well, I thought with a heavy sigh. Now or never. I glanced at the screen of my computer and watched letters, numbers, and symbols scroll by at a leisurely pace. Whatever Sven and Liana had done to the machine, it was taking its sweet time about it. I resisted the urge to shut off my computer and exited my office.
Jailyn straightened from the wall and approached me as I stepped out onto my front porch. “Freya?”
“Jailyn?”
“I see that you have tightened your wards?”
“I have.”
“So… will you grant me the honor of inviting me into your home? It is not wise to remain out here where things may go wrong, after all.” I smiled and waved a hand at the opened doorway. There was a soft pop of displaced air as the invisible barrier dropped. Jailyn followed me inside where Lily quickly drew a rune beside the door. A split second later, there was a rippling shimmer of blue light as the barrier reformed to block the entrance. She capped her red marker, pocketing it as she closed the door. “Nice job,” Jailyn said to the young witch as I led them to my office.
“Thanks,” she said and shivered.
“You don’t have to be here, you know.” She nodded and stopped in the doorway. Jailyn dropped into one of the chairs as I sat back down behind the desk.
“I… I want to listen in.” The necromancer leaned back, looking thoughtful as she studied her.
“Would that be wise?” I asked and turned until I could see them.
“You can compel me not to say anything.” Jailyn and I glanced at each other, and I frowned as I mentally shook my head. It is too much of a risk, she said into my mind and sighed.
“I don’t mind if you stay or go,” Jailyn said after a long moment. “But… as of this moment and time, it’s too much of a risk.”
“Roxana?”
“Yes.”
“Oh.” She scowled. “Okay, I’ll go…” She frowned.
“Go annoy Rozalia.”
“Okay, but if I die, I’m blaming you.”
“Deal.” Huffing, she disappeared from view.
“I do not believe antagonizing my imp is wise, either.”
Jailyn chuckled. “It will give her something to do in the meantime,” she said as the office door slammed shut. The temperature suddenly dropped, and the air around us seemed to pulse as darkness gathered and grew in Jailyn’s hands. “All right,” she said and turned off the light, because I only had it on when someone like Lily came to visit.
“She mentioned something regarding a dagger?”
She nodded. “Yes, I have it.”
“And the rest?”
“Breelyn is working on it.”
I nodded. “May I see it?”
“Give me a moment,” she said as the orb of darkness grew to the size of a beachball. With a grunt, she tossed it into the air. It exploded against the ceiling and floated out around the office, encompassing everything it touched. “There we go.” She withdrew the silver dagger and handed it to me. Along the sleek weapon were black runic markings, and it pulsed in my hand, as if it was sentient.
“Have you confided in the others?” I asked and gathered my magic to me.
“I have only revealed our plan to Casiar and Tristan.”
I nodded. “I take it that they are not… pleased?”
“Not in the slightest, but they understand that it must be done.”
“Have you also spoken to the… participants?”
“I have, and they are willing.”
I arched an eyebrow. “Are they, now?”
“Shocking, is it not?” I chuckled, my entire body heating up as I channeled my own blood.
“Quite.” The dagger glowed crimson, and it pulsed in time to that of my heartbeat. It slowly absorbed my blood, and my stomach clenched painfully in protest. In the protection of her void globe, Jailyn watched in silence. It was a see nothing, hear nothing spell, keeping outside influence from interfering in any way, shape, or form. It also acted as a ward, deterring outsiders from getting too close. When I was done, it felt like I had jumped into the fire and bathed in the flames. I took in a deep, pained breath and dropped the still glowing dagger in Jailyn’s outstretched hand. A hiss escaped her as smoke rose from the weapon, creating a small vaporous cloud above it. She took my hand with her free one and groaned as I channeled her blood into me. After a couple of minutes, I could breathe again without the need to enact on my more… violent urges. She released my hand with a shudder and studied the dagger, which was faintly glowing.
“I believe it is time to pull your sire out of bed,” she said and frowned. “He has been asleep for a little over seven hours, now.” She paused. “He better be sleeping.” I chuckled and leaned back in my chair as the darkness pulsed and rippled around us. With a sigh, I got up and walked into the lounge area of the office. Jailyn followed me, her spell never leaving us for an instant. I flopped down onto the couch and groaned, for once, not caring how undignified it was of me. “Comfortable?” Jailyn asked, amused as she dropped onto the opposite couch.
“Yes,” I said, pulling one of the pillows to me and hugging it to my stomach with a sigh. Silence hung in the air between us, and I smirked as I watched her have a mental argument with someone. She set the cooling, no longer glowing dagger on the table between us and rolled her eyes. “Is Ariella not of a mind to hand him over so willingly?” She huffed and rubbed at her temples. I smiled. “Is he asleep, or are they engaged in more of a… strenuous activity, per se?”
Jailyn smirked. “No, he is asleep, shocking as it is.” Chuckling to herself, she leaned back and looked up at the ceiling. “I am of the mind to strangle her.”
I smiled. “Oh, let us not be so hasty in causing bodily harm to one’s person. After all, she is merely protecting him.”
She sighed. “I know… I know. It is, however, beyond aggravating when there are things that must be done.”
“I sympathize with your plight. Truly, I do.” She snorted and rolled her eyes.
“Keep rolling your eyes, and they will forever remain looking into the back of your skull.” She laughed and shook her head at me.
“No more from you. Hush, now. I must concentrate.” I smiled, but kept silent as she returned her attention back to Ari. A few minutes later, I sensed the presence of Tristan as he approached. The spell parted to allow him through, and I inwardly let out a sigh of relief when I saw that he was at least wearing pants. “No shirt?” Jailyn asked and stood.
“No point,” he growled and dropped onto the couch. He reached for the dagger and eyed it warily.
“Just stab yourself in the heart. The dagger will do the rest.” She smirked. “I’m surprised that Ari isn’t here breaking down Freya’s door.”
“I had to put her to sleep.”
Jailyn winced. “She will not like that,” she sang and chuckled. “Better make it up to her.”
“Don’t I always?” he asked dryly.
“She… she doesn’t know, does she?”
He shook his head. “You have told me that this was between yourself, Casiar, Freya, and I.” She nodded. “I will keep it as such.”
“Very well, but I do trust your judgement when it comes to telling Ari.”
He grunted. “I’ll keep that in mind.” He turned the dagger in his hand and scowled. “Shall we get started?” She took in a deep breath, before nodding. Tristan inclined his head, and then drove the dagger into his heart.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-eight

KIRA

“Hmm,” someone said as I slowly opened my eyes. “I was beginning to wonder if you would wake up at all.”
“Roxana,” I gasped, and then groaned as pain suffused my entire body.
“The one and only,” she said and smiled. “So tell me, how do you feel?”
“Like shit.”
“Ah, quaint as always.”
“Where am I?”
“Hell.”
I blinked. “Hell as in… hell?”
“Yes.” I looked around the room we were in and slowly pushed myself into a sitting position. It looked more like a hospital room instead of a regular bedroom. I glanced down and realized that I was on a metal table of some kind. I didn’t see any restraints, but that didn’t mean shit when it came to the devil herself. “You must be hungry,” she said, sounding way too close. I yelped and nearly fell from the table. Cold fingers closed around my upper arm as I groaned and wheezed through the fresh wave of pain. “Easy, easy now.”
“Shit,” I hissed and concentrated on just breathing.
“Here,” Roxana said, and before I could even blink, hot blood was pouring into my mouth. I was forced to swallow it down as fast as I could or choke on it. “There, there,” she all but cooed at me. “Feeling better?” she asked as she withdrew her wrist. I swallowed the last mouthful and nodded. “Good. Now, let us get started.”
“Get started? Get started on what?” I asked nervously.
“The short interrogation, of course.” I gulped. “So, do you have any idea what Jailyn’s plan is for me?”
“No.”
“I know that she has included your sire. Has he told you anything?”
“No.”
“Well,” she said and sucked in a sharp breath. “That is a pity,” she gasped and doubled over in pain. “Fuck my life,” she hissed, panting as she straightened. Her eyes were no longer ice-blue; they were blood-red. “What do you know, then?” she asked as blood trickled from her ears and eyes.
“Nothing really.”
“Humor me.”
“I just know that they have a plan. I tried to ask for details, but they wouldn’t tell me anything about it.”
“Hmm, that is a shame.” She sighed. “No matter. They will come for you.”
“They will?” I asked, knowing full well that they would, but that didn’t mean that she knew for sure.
“Yes,” she said and smiled. It was creepy. “A bond between you and your sire is very strong. Now, I know that some are not as strong like the one between Ariella and her sire. Oh, I know that Alexander would come to her if anything were to happen. Unlike those who have particularly really close connections, he is not… shall we say… compelled to drop everything and run out the door. In your case, teleport.” She sat on the end of the table and stared at me. “Before you ask, Tristan didn’t come to your rescue this time, because the witches that works for me know what they are doing. I would have used Freya, of course, but she is busy cutting down the witches in California and rebuilding from the ground up.”
“Aren’t the elders like the governors of the witches?”
She winced. “Every coven has an elder, but Freya and Riana are one of the Council members.”
I nodded. “What is a blood veil spell?” I asked and hoped she wouldn’t punch out my brain in the process.
“It is one of the spells in the art of blood magic, hence the word ‘blood’. The spell blocks anything from… shall we say… registering.” I winced, both relieved and not so relieved that my sire hadn’t sensed my agony. She smiled. “The moment the spell wares off, he knew you were in trouble.” I again winced. “Before you try to reach out to him, let me tell you that you cannot.” Damn, I thought and scowled. “Now,” she said and tapped a finger against my leg. “Where were we?” She smiled, and then… everything went dark as pain exploded in my head.

SKYLER

“So,” I said to the infant in my arms. “Why aren’t you freezing to death out here?” In response, I got nothing. “Humph,” I said and nuzzled her. She batted at my face, and I smiled. Luckily, her claws weren’t out, for which I was grateful. “What you feel like doing today?” She gurgled something, but for the life of me, I had no idea what she was trying to say. I chuckled and made my way up the driveway. At the door, I mentally opened it and stepped inside. It slammed shut and locked behind me as I walked into the living room. Ari looked up from the laptop and smirked at me.
“Careful, she might bite your nose off.” I scowled and lowered Nova to my hip. Tristan, who was sitting beside her, looked like he was in agony. I walked over to them and plopped Nova on his lap. He snapped to and looked down at her as she grabbed a fistful of his shirt. He scooped her into his arms and leaned back on the couch. I sat on Ari’s other side and peered at the screen of her laptop.
“What you doing?” I asked and squinted at the vampire database. “Do we have a new baby vamp?” Ari snorted and tapped a finger on one of the names. “Dannika Zarlis,” I read aloud. “Who is that?” She pointed to the name in parentheses. I blinked. “NO way. Dannika Zarlis is Donnica, as in Donnica the Protector?”
“Yep.” She clicked on the link, and I found myself reading what looked like a full background on her. “I’m about to fill out this part,” she said as a red box popped onto the screen.
“That doesn’t look good,” I said as she grabbed a red portfolio. I arched an eyebrow.
“Evelyn dropped it off. She was going to enter it into the system herself, but I told her that I wanted to.”
I nodded. “So, what did she do?”
“Guess.”
“Um… stole someone’s credit card?”
She snorted. “If only.”
“Um… compel an innocent to… kill someone?”
“Getting warm.”
“She killed her sire?”
“And his associates.”
“Wow. How did she pull that one off? Don’t get me wrong, anybody can kill anyone, if they put their minds to it, but how old was he?”
“He was a little over a thousand, and his friends were around the same age.” She paused. “Together, they’re around four thousand years old.”
I whistled. “Maybe she caught them alone?”
“Maybe,” she said and began to type. Her fingers flew across the keyboard, and she ignored the ding of an incoming email as Tristan and I watched her. A stab of pain suddenly shot through my heart, and I gasped as I clutched at my chest. Tristan set Nova in her cradle so fast that I didn’t even see him move. Ari almost knocked the laptop from her lap as she turned to me. I dropped my hands and straightened as I breathed through the burning pain. “Talk to me.”
“Can vampires get heart attack?” My sire slowly blinked at me.
“No,” Tristan growled, who was suddenly standing over me.
“I was hoping you would say yes,” I mumbled and opened myself up to Ari. She let out a grunt, and I shivered as Tristan let out a low growl. A squeaking sound issued from Nova, and she yawned as he placed a finger on her forehead. Her eyes fluttered shut as she drifted off into dreamland. I yelped as another burning pain shot through my heart. “What the fuck?” I exclaimed as a hot wave of sensation washed over me. Ari put a warm hand on my arm and scowled. Tristan, on the other hand, bent and nuzzled my neck, inhaling deeply. Another growl issued from him, and he straightened as Freya appeared.
“Sire,” she said as she closed in on us.
“I detect magic,” Tristan said and stepped aside for her.
“Detect? Or scent?” My sire frowned as I inched away from them. The creepy vibe was seriously sending my brain into seizures.
“Scent,” he growled. “It is not necromantic.” Funnily enough, magic had its own general scent. I didn’t smell shit when magic was thrown around. Well, except for blood and necromantic magic, but that was to be expected. Sometimes, I wish I could slip into Tristan’s head and sense what he sensed. On second thought, it was probably a terrible idea. Freya’s eyes met mine, and I shuddered as her magic rolled off her in waves. Combined with Tristan’s need to enact violence, it was terror inducing overload.
“So,” Ari said loudly. “Blood magic?”
“Yes,” Freya hissed and grabbed my wrist. Her fangs flashed, and I yelped at the sharp pain as she sank them into my wrist. It was for only a second, but god damn, did it hurt. She released me and caught Ari’s punch before it could make contact with her stomach. “I mean your child no harm,” she growled, her eyes flashing as she fought not to… probably throw my sire across the room or crush every single bone in her hand. Ari’s eyes were glowing green, and I wasn’t even breathing as I waited for the inevitable outcome. “I have the signature of the caster,” she continued haltingly. “Now, shall we endeavor to find this witch, or shall we continue this…” She trailed off as I leaned forward and put a hand on my sire’s arm.
“Let’s not piss off the scary witch,” I whispered, knowing full well that everyone could hear me. Ari blinked, her eyes reverting to black as she slowly pulled her hand out of Freya’s. She gulped and nodded.
“Please, forgive my indiscretion.” Wow, I thought with a cringe. It must be really bad, because my sire was talking very… formal-like. Tristan just stood there, watching the whole thing.
“Say no more. I quite understand.” Ari nodded and took in a deep breath. Freya turned to Tristan and growled under her breath. “Shall we depart at once?” He nodded, and Ari helped me to my feet. Nova along with her cradle, disappeared a second later.
“Where we going?” I asked as we followed Freya outside.
“One moment,” the vampire-witch said and muttered a quick spell. She stiffened and slowly turned to look upward. Watching us from the second floor balcony were two witches, who were smirking down at us.
“You have got to be kidding me,” Ari said under her breath. “How did we not sense them?” Everything went dark for a split second as Tristan teleported us up to the newly-built balcony. The witches spun to face us as we appeared behind them.
“Roxana sends her regards,” witch number one said and smiled.
“Is that so?” Freya asked with a cold smile of her own. “I apologize. I must say that I am not impressed in the slightest.”
“We are not ones to be trifled with,” witch number two growled.
“Oh, I concur,” Freya said coolly and took a step forward. “Therefore, you must forgive my… heedless disposition toward such matters.”
“What is it that you are implying?” witch number one snapped.
“I am implying nothing, merely stating my clear intentions.”
“Which are…?” Without any warning, witch number two was lifted by some invisible force, bodily flipped over the railing, and propelled to the ground where she exploded upon contact with the pavement. Under normal circumstances, she would’ve escaped with a few broken bones and her life intact, but since it was Freya who did the throwing… well… she had no chance. “How dare you?” the surviving witch hissed. “Have you no respect?”
Freya’s smile grew colder, if it was possible. “Oh, I only respect those whom are in deserving of such regards.”
“I see. Will you take me out in the same manner?”
She chuckled. “Not quite yet.” He arched an eyebrow. “I have only but one question. Perhaps, you can assist me.”
“I am listening?” In answer, Freya placed a hand on either side of his head as her magic rose, nearly knocking me off my feet. The male witch dropped to the balcony floor with a bloodcurdling scream, and she followed him down with a sweet smile. I could all but hear every single blood vessel in his body popping and sizzling. His scream went on and on, echoing in the silence for a few seconds after she released him. His lifeless body tumbled backward into empty space, hitting the ground below with a sickening thud. Freya glanced down at her blood-drenched hands and sighed. I watched as she absorbed it into herself with a shudder. “Let us be on our way,” she said and launched herself into the sky. “We have a coven of witches to annihilate.” Ari wrapped her arms around me from behind just as everything went dark.
When it lifted, all hell broke loose. They were either prepared for us, or one of the two dead witches got out a warning. Whichever it was, they were ready. An orange ball of flame slammed into my chest, and I screamed as the force of it tossed me through the air. A glimpse of steel flashed before my eyes, and I let out another scream as someone drove the damn thing into my side. “Fuuuuuck!” I shrieked and grabbed for the hilt. I slammed my fist into his face, a split second before his head exploded. Ewww, I thought as blood and grey matter splashed on my face. Fucking gross. I yanked the blade free with a grunt and stabbed it into another vampire reaching for me.
“Bitch!” he snarled and grabbed me around the throat. Gripping his wrists, I gathered magic to me and violently pulled his blood from his body. Freya appeared beside me, giving me an approving nod before tearing his head from his shoulders. All around me, people were dying. Horrifically, I might add as I ducked and dodged flying limbs. A shockwave of energy all but lifted me into the air and plastered me against the far wall of the room. I grunted as I tried to push away from it. There was a sickening crunch behind me, and I let out a sigh of relief as I hit the floor. It was short lived, though, as something struck me on the head and knocked me out. I came to and felt like I wanted to puke up my guts. As the hot and cold waves of sensation washed over me, I took in a deep, shuddering breath and cut myself off from my sire.
“Sorry,” Ari said weakly from beside me.
“Did you feed me?” I asked and sat up.
“Uh huh.” I glanced around, realizing that we were in a bedroom of some kind. From the overwhelming scent of hot fresh blood, we were still wherever the witches were. Since the only thing I could hear was Tristan harsh breathing, I figured the witches and the few vampires were all dead or soon-to-be dead. The door opened, and a very bloody Tristan walked in, Freya a few steps behind him. “All clear?” Ari asked as she forced herself to stay awake.
“Yes,” Freya said and growled under her breath. “However,” she continued. “The witch responsible is not one of the dead.”
“I was afraid you were going to say that.” My sire let out a sigh and glanced at me. “Can I get a boost?” Freya didn’t reply, but the air shifted around us as her magic rose. Ari yelped as she got a good jolt of it. “What now?” she asked and pulled herself to her feet.
“I intend to find the one responsible, but first…” She came over and crouched beside me. She placed a hand on my shoulder, and I held my breath as she muttered something I couldn’t make out. A warmth spread through me, and I sighed as the pain all but vanished.
“Thanks,” I said as she straightened. Nodding, she looked between Ari and Tristan, frowning in thought. Ari opened her mouth to speak, only to pause as Tristan put a hand on her shoulder. With a sigh, she reluctantly nodded.
“Fine,” she said and grumbled. “I’ll stay behind.” Freya smiled and waved a hand at me. I fell backward onto the floor as the heavy weight of sleep crashed into me.
“Hey,” I slurred as my vision blurred, spun, and went dark. “That’s not…”

UNKNOWN WITCH

“Let’s go!” I yelled. “Move it!” We had to clear the premises and fast. My stomach clenched with dread as humans and witches ran all over the place, grabbing anything of importance. I felt a cool breeze, and I looked up in time to see a flicker of movement. All around me, everything stopped, as if frozen in time. I gulped.
“You have been a hard catch,” an amused, male voice said from behind me. The ice-cold touch of necromancy settled over me, and I shivered as I slowly turned to face him. “I have to admit, it was a fun chase.” Jesric Knight, one of the Vampiric Council’s top trackers drawled. I glanced around and stared at all of the witches and humans who were frozen in midmotion.
“What did you do to them?”
“Nothing,” he said and smiled. It was a creepy smile. “We are just in a time bubble.”
“Why?”
“So that you and I may chat without any… interruptions.”
“I’m not the one you’re looking for.”
“Are you not?” I shook my head. “Please, pray tell, who am I looking for, exactly?”
“My mother.”
He chuckled. “And that is why, my friend, you are going to take me to her.”
“I am not,” I said indignantly. He sighed, and then I was suddenly hauled up against him and choking. While he was slowly squeezing the life out of me, his free arm banded around my waist, crushing me to him.
“I have it on good authority that I am allowed to carry out this kill order on your coven,” he growled in my ear. I stiffened, and he loosened his hold around my neck slightly. “Take me to her, or I start slaughtering everyone in this building.” My magic rose, hot and swift. I shoved away from him, even as shadowy figures began to appear, twisting and writhing behind him. I heard the unmistakable sound of locks sliding into place and spun.
“As amusing as this may be,” Freya drawled and smiled. “How about we start with these lovely people. After all, I could use a drink.” She looked at Jesric and chuckled. “There is no reasoning with them.” When had time picked back up? I silently asked myself as magic rushed to my hands. Freya was suddenly in front of me, and I gasped as a burning sensation shot through me. “None of that, now,” she said and pulled me to her. “We will be waiting at the van. Join us once you are done here.”
“I shall,” Jesric replied as the air rippled around us. I gathered my magic to me, only to suck in a gasping breath as pain exploded in my head.
“Mmm,” Freya said as my world blurred around me. One second, I was inside, and the next, I was standing before a black van with tinted windows. She released me and popped open the door. “Inside.” I took in a deep breath and froze as a low growl trickled out of her. “Now,” she warned.
“I best do as she says, if I were you,” a blonde female with emerald-green eyes drawled and reached out a pale hand toward me, blue sparks dancing between her fingertips. “Or I could electrocute you to death, if you prefer?”
“Hannah,” Freya growled and gave me a gentle push. The witch, Hannah, sighed and withdrew her hand, taking several steps back from the door. “Get inside, or I will make sure that you suffer in the most agonizing way possible.” I gulped and reluctantly got into the van. She entered behind me and pulled the door shut. “If you would please, cuff her?” At the sound of clinking chains, I spun to Hannah.
“Sorry,” the witch said, sounding not sorry at all as a surge of electricity slammed into me and coursed throughout my entire body. I passed out before I even hit the floor of the van.

HANNAH

“That was quite… unnecessary,” Freya said with a chuckle as I snapped the magic neutralizing handcuffs around the witch’s wrists. I shrugged and pulled her onto one of the seats in front.
“For a while now, I’ve been wanting to test that out.”
“I see.” She arched an eyebrow as she settled herself beside the witch. “What if you inadvertently kill her?”
“My bad?” Rory, who was searching for something in the back of the van, chuckled as he came over to us. He placed a hand on my shoulder and gently pushed me into the next available seat. “What now?” I asked as I leaned back and stretched out my legs. I stiffened as the building we were idling in front of, went up in flames. “Shit!” I exclaimed as Jesric casually walked out of the burning building. The orange flames silhouetted him as he strode toward the van. He opened the door and ducked inside, bringing the smell of smoke with him.
“Let’s go,” he said and looked around as he pulled the door shut. “Preferably before the building blows up.” Freya chuckled as she got up and moved to the driver seat. Glancing back at the unconscious witch, she pulled out onto the streets.
“I see that you had fun?” she drawled and turned off the overhead lights. He grunted, running his fingers through his hair as he eyed the witch with a thoughtful expression. After a moment, he dropped down beside her and placed his hands on either side of her head. “Must you do that now?” He scowled and ignored her as he did… whatever he was doing.
“I won’t bleed her,” he said and rolled his eyes. “Much,” he finished with a growl. Blood trickled from the witch’s nose as I watched him with interest. Freya let out a sigh, and I think I heard a growl accompanying it. My skin began to crawl as the creepy feeling settled over me. I gulped and nervously looked over at her. Jesric laughed softly and released the witch. He glanced at me and smirked. “Sorry.” I sat up straight and shook my head. “Okay, I’m not.”
“When are you guys ever?” I asked as Freya turned onto a dirt road that led into the forest of trees.
“Once in a blue moon?” he replied and shrugged. “It’s the thought that counts.” Freya slowed as several vampires came out of nowhere and surrounded us. Brynna opened the door and peeked in at us.
“Is that her?” she asked and entered. A hooded figure entered behind her, and I silently muttered a spell. I held back a squeak as the—spirit?—turned to me.
“It’s only a detection spell,” I said quickly and held up my hands with a shudder. The figure nodded and snatched up the witch, vanishing into thin air with her. I took in a deep breath and stood. With one last look around the van, I stepped out of it and resisted the urge to run as I made my way into the trees. All the while, I felt like I was being watched.


* * * * * *



Chapter Thirty-nine

ARI

I was swimming in and out of consciousness, as if my brain couldn’t decide if it wanted me to wake up or go back to sleep. I was half aware that Tristan was somewhere nearby, talking to someone. I must have slipped away again, because the next thing I knew, I felt his hand at my shoulder. I reached up and shoved it away with a scowl. I more felt than saw him rolling his eyes as he bent and flipped me onto my back. Before I could protest, he had his bleeding wrist at my mouth. My eyes popped open as the fresh scent of blood hit me. I grabbed hold of his arm and buried my fangs in deep. I pulled long and hard, holding back a groan and a shudder as I swallowed the hot, charged blood. Energy rushed into me, followed by a chill as I reluctantly withdrew my fangs and released him. He helped me sit up as I got a good look at where we were. “Jordana?” I asked and glanced at him. He nodded, holding onto me as I slowly got to my feet. When I didn’t fall on my face, he dropped his hand from me and crossed the room to the opened door. I followed him from the bedroom and into the living room, where Jordana was sitting on the couch eating creamy scalloped potatoes. I arched an eyebrow at Liana, who just shrugged. “Hi, Dana,” I said to the young vampire and peered at her curiously. Too invested in her food, she just grunted at me. “So, what’s going on?” I asked and turned to Tristan and Liana.
“We have a special guest,” Liana said and smiled.
“OH?”
“There is a witch in my basement,” Jordana said and stuck another forkful of potatoes into her mouth. “Freya and Jesric are with her,” she continued and swallowed.
“Let me guess,” I said and slowly made my way down the hall that led to the basement. “Nothing really useful?”
“Actually,” Liana said and reached past me to punch in the code. “There is.”
I blinked. “Say that again?” Chuckling, she nudged me aside and hauled the heavy door open with a grunt. I peered into the darkness and gently sniffed at the air. I caught the lingering trace of blood, and I instinctively inhaled the sweet scent into my lungs as I made my way down the steps. I entered one of the rooms, only to take a step back as Freya spun to me, snarling. “Whoa… whoa…” I said soothingly and held up my hands defensively. Tristan appeared between us and put a hand on her shoulder. I thought he was going to drop as his eyes rolled to the back of his head. I could practically feel Liana and Jesric holding their breath as the oppressive weight of Freya and Tristan’s combined hunger hit us. “Oh, this is not good,” I said under my breath and glanced at the unconscious witch. We watched them, wondering who was going to get in control first. Tristan’s hand on Freya’s arm grew so tight, I was surprised he didn’t crush the bone or break the skin. Jordana slipped into the room and walked toward them, smiling and holding a pulsing athame. I tensed, ready to intercept her if she did anything I didn’t like. Sensing my intent, she glanced back at me and rolled her eyes. I scowled and finally entered the room.
“Don’t worry,” she said cheerfully. “It’s for the…” She took in a deep breath. “Um… hmm… mmm…” Her eyes glazed over, as if she was seeing something none of us could see. “Uh…” She took another deep breath and let it out slowly. Jesric suddenly sucked in a sharp breath, cursing as we all turned to him. Well, all of us except for Tristan and Freya, who were staring at the dagger with interest.
“Dana? Where did you get that?” Liana asked and closed the door.
“I borrowed it from Jailyn.”
“Does she know that you have it?”
“She does. I had to show her a portion of the vision to convince her.”
“I… see.” I shuddered as a cold chill skittered down my spine. Jesric dropped into the nearest chair and seemed to leave his body.
“What is going on?” I asked slowly and looked around. Sven appeared out of nowhere and wrapped his arms around his sire, who was still holding Freya in a vise-like grip, a painful one, at that. Jesric snapped back to himself and was suddenly standing behind me. My stomach dropped as dread slammed into me, but before I could do anything about it, his arms were around me as he held me in an unbreakable hold. I could’ve broken his hold if I was desperate enough, but the ice-numbing cold that seeped into my entire being froze me to the spot. Stupid. Fucking. Grrrr! Silently fuming, I watched as Jordana took the opportunity to stab Tristan in the stomach. The dagger glowed a vibrant crimson as it did… whatever it was doing. She held the dagger in place for about a minute, before withdrawing it and stabbing it into Freya, repeating the process. When it was over, she withdrew the weapon and peered at it curiously.
“Sleep,” Jesric whispered, and as the spell took hold, Liana caught Freya before she could hit the floor. I was shivering with cold as Jesric turned me to face him. My vision went dark as I sensed Casiar and Jailyn entering the room. I tried to force myself to move, but it was futile as I felt Jailyn entering my mind. The feeling of being weightless came over me as she rifled through my brain. I didn’t have to ask what she was doing. Sorry, sweetheart, she said into my mind. This is for your protection. What? I slowly asked, wincing as my mental voice came out slurred. Shhh, she said as the heavy fog of sleep settled over me. Sleep. When you wake, all will be as it should be. With that, I was out. Again. Seriously, this was starting to get annoying. Like… seriously.

UNKNOWN WITCH

I came to with the worst headache I ever felt in my life. Keeping my eyes closed, I reached out with my other senses as I tried to figure out where I was. “You’re awake,” a female voice said from nearby. “I was starting to grow bored.”
“Me, too,” a younger female voice responded.
“You can open your eyes,” another one said and snorted. I opened my eyes to find a lot of people staring down at me. I did a quick headcount and realized that there were at least ten of them. Two of them were vampires, one of them was a shifter, and another one was… something else. A healer?
“Before you try anything,” one of them, Hannah, said and took a step forward. “Your magic is still null and void.” I glared at her, and she shrugged. “Sorry. We can’t have you do anything stupid, you know.” I tried to move, but at the sound of chains, I stopped. The vampire, who was sitting beside my head and looked a hell of a lot like a child, reached out and patted my cheek with a small, cool hand.
“How old are you?” I blurted before I could stop myself.
She squinted at me. “Fourteen?” She withdrew her hand and scowled. “Why?”
“You’re a vampire,” I spluttered.
“I know,” she said and flashed her fangs at me. “I have these for proof. They’re real, too. Want to see?” I stiffened.
“Natalia,” a cool female voice said chidingly.
“Sorry, Bryn.” I gulped as I broke out in a cold sweat. “Ooo, she’s scared.” Brynna appeared in the opened doorway and gave me a cold smile. Everyone in the room shuddered as she entered. A hooded figure followed her in and closed the door. The others shifted nervously as the hooded figure closed the distance to me. Before I could react, something ice-cold closed around my neck. I froze, not even breathing as I waited for it to constrict. Brynna inclined her head to the door, and without a word, everyone slowly left the room.
“Good,” a female voice said sweetly from under the hood. “I hate to kill you before we even get started. Now, do me a huge favor and breathe.”
“Who are you?” I asked as Jailyn appeared in the room. The moment she did, Brynna vanished.
“I’d be glad to tell you who I am, but if I do, I would have to kill you. She moved to sit, and my stomach quivered as a chill settled over me. I was surprised when she pulled down her hood and smiled at me. A second later, fear gripped me as I realized that she wasn’t really corporeal. Well, she mostly was, but I could slightly see through her.
“What the hell?” I gasped and squeezed my eyes shut. After a moment, I opened them and gulped. Yep, she was still where she was, staring at me with amusement. Wearing black slacks and a dark blue T-shirt, she had long black hair and eyes the color of crimson. Her translucent skin was pale white, and I wondered if Jailyn was controlling her in some way.
“She is not,” the, uh, dead vampire said and chuckled. “She just weakened the veil, enough for me to temporarily cross over.”
“You’re dead,” I pointed out matter-of-factly. “How is it that you know what I’m thinking?”
She rolled her eyes and let out a sigh. “Just because I’m dead, it doesn’t mean I no longer have my powers.” Oh, I silently thought and inwardly winced. “But,” she continued and leaned forward. “The best part, I don’t have anything inhibiting my powers. For instance, the barrier that you have around your mind?” I gulped and just stared at her. “It doesn’t work against me.” She smirked and sat back. “It still hurts like a bitch, though. For you, I mean.” She pulled her hood back up and turned to Jailyn, who was leaning casually against the door with her arms crossed over her stomach. The necromancer nodded, and I held my breath as the spirit turned back to me. “So, I’m going to give you a chance to tell us where your mother is hiding.”
“If I don’t?”
“Forget I said anything,” she growled and let out an exasperated sigh. My eyes widened, and I gasped, because it felt like I had submerged my head in a tub of ice water, and the icy band around my neck suddenly tightened. The numbing shock turned into a burning pain, and I let out a strangled scream as sharp claws raked at my brain and along my entire body in a heartbeat. “Ah, here we are.” The pain suddenly increased, and I let out another scream as darkness closed around me.

JAILYN

“Got it,” Isra said and stood.
“Anything interesting?”
“Well, she’s the one responsible for the curse placed on Ari.”
I smiled. “Oh, dear.”
“Can I absorb her?” I nodded and watched as the dying witch turned from pale, to grey, to a deep bluish-purple, before breaking apart into silver particles of light that streamed into Isra’s outstretched hands. When it was over, she became a little more corporeal. I passed the information on the witch’s location to Rory, who was on standby with Raina.
“Are you sure about this, Isra?” I asked, even as I reached out with my senses to make sure that no one was nearby or paying attention. Isra nodded, tugging the hood down to more fully hide herself.
“You won’t regret it. I give you my word.” I sighed, nodding. She gestured to the now empty bed and inclined her head. “This wasn’t in any of the necromancy books I’ve read.”
I smiled and turned to the door. “Oh, it is,” I said softly as I opened it and peeked out.
“What?” she spluttered. “Which one?” I kept my silence as I led her upstairs. “Jailyn!” she hissed under her breath.
“Shhh,” I said and pushed open the door before she could protest any further. Jordana stood at the opposite end of the hall, a finger to her lips. The air rippled around me as Isra reluctantly returned to the abyss. Oh, she was still with us, just on the other side of the veil. Jordana dropped her hand and grinned. The necromancers knew that Isra was hanging around, but none of them knew that she was actively involved in the whole mess of things. Other than myself, only Jordana knew the extent of her involvement, and it was going to remain that way, even if I had to silence a few to keep it so. It was crucial that no one knew about her. Not until it was time.
“Tristan, Ari, and Freya are waiting,” Jordana said, bobbing her head up and down like, well, like a bauble head. “I convinced them to remain up here instead of going after you.”
I smiled. “Thank you, sweetheart.”
“Don’t mention it,” she said cheerfully as she followed me outside. Over in the abyss, Isra too, followed. The sun was just setting, and the wind picked up slightly as I made my way to them.
“Did you get anything?” Ari asked as she idly twirled a thin blade around and around in her hands. Standing in a loose group around us were Hannah, Nolita, Riana, Lily, Brianna, Jane, Natalia, Amaris, Ryah, Ashley, Peyton, and Astrid.
“Okay,” I said, loud enough for all the humans to hear. “We don’t need this many people.” I took in a deep breath and nodded to Tristan. A second later, everybody except for Nolita and Riana vanished into thin air. “Much better,” I said and plucked the assassin blade from Ari.
“Hey!” she exclaimed.
“I did get something interesting,” I drawled. “Now, do you want to hear it, or not?” She sighed and shoved her hands into the pockets of her loose sweatpants.
“What is it?” she asked, looking disgruntled.
“Her mother is the one that placed a curse on you.”
“Really?” she asked and quickly grabbed Tristan, trying and failing to calm him as his growls all but vibrated the air around us. She’s not alone, Raina said into my mind. She has about a dozen witches with her. She paused. The entire property is heavily warded.
“Yes,” I said and smirked.
“But?” she asked and eyed me suspiciously.
“Raina has just informed me that the entire property is heavily warded.”
She groaned. “Of course,” she said with a sigh. “Of course it is.” One of them harmed Skyler, Raina said a moment later. “Okay,” Ari growled. “Now I’m pissed.”
“Wait,” I said dryly. “You’re not pissed that she curse you, but you’re pissed that Skyler is?” She glared at me. Chuckling, I held up my hands.
“Can we just go?”
“Of course,” I said and teleported, taking them with me.
We appeared a few blocks away from our intended destination. Jordana slipped into the shadows and was gone. I looked around and squinted at the shimmering layer upon layer of wards. “Well,” I said with a huff of annoyance. “This should be a breeze to bring down,” I said sarcastically and handed Ari’s weapon back to her. I gathered my magic to me and studied the warded perimeter intently. “Freya, what is your assessment on the matter?”
“The moment I begin, they will know,” she replied serenely.
“That’s what I was afraid of,” I mumbled and glared at the wall of magic. “All right, time to do this my way.” Taking a deep breath, I raised my hands toward the sky and pulled at the element. The sky darkened with rolling clouds as thunder rumbled overhead. A crackling ball of lightning gathered between my hands as I lowered them. I carefully channeled my magic into it, and I smiled as the white ball of lightning turned to black. I mentally held it in place and dropped my hands from it. As I fed more and more of my magic into it, it grew and grew, until it was the size of a large boulder. “Hmm,” I said thoughtfully and almost laughed at the terrified expression on Ari’s face. “Anyone plan to question any of them?” I asked as the clouds parted. “No? Yes? No? Good.” I launched myself into the sky and flew toward the house, taking my magical version of a bomb with me. Luckily, it was in the middle of nowhere. You might want to be far away for this, I sang into Tristan’s mind. Ignoring his rage that battered against my psyche, I positioned myself at the center of the roof. I hovered several feet above the warded home and took in a deep breath. I extended a needle of shadow, carefully snaking it through the layers of ward, under the door, and straight for the witch that I quickly singled out. Her enraged demands cut off with a yelp as I stabbed her in the side of her neck. The shadow dug its way deeper and deeper into her, vanishing inside her as I snapped my end of it. “Perfect,” I muttered under my breath. The others looked on in confusion, but didn’t question her as I pulled her outside. The moment she was out of sight of her coven members, I launched her into the air and straight toward me. I caught her in my arms, and I smiled at her as I flew higher into the sky. “Now then,” I said softly into her ear. With a thought, I sent the pulsing ball of necromantic death hurling downward. Just before it slammed against the wards, I threw a ball of hellfire at it. A deafening explosion went off a split second later, smashing through the wards like it was nothing. It hit the roof soon after, quickly spreading and devouring everything it touched. When it was all said and done, the only thing that remained was a scorched crater. Black plumes of smoke billowed from the decimated area, looking like it was going to be there for a while. “Ah,” I said to the witch. “I should do that more often. I have to admit, that was fun.” I smiled. “No wonder Ari likes to mess with things that go boom.” I tightened my hold around the witch, and with one last look at the smoking crater far below us, I let out a contented sigh and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty

“Would you like a drink?” I asked the catatonic witch, who was just staring blankly back at me.
“You’re having too much fun with this,” Jordana said and chuckled.
“Are you telling me that you wouldn’t?”
She grunted. “I plead the fifth.” I smiled. “So, why did you save her?”
“Trust me,” I said dryly. “I didn’t pull her out to save her.”
“I know, but I’m curious.”
“Tristan!” I yelled at the top of my lungs. “Stop fucking Ari and get your ass down here!” Jordana spluttered, and then laughed hysterically as Tristan appeared, driving the hilt of his dagger into my gut. I grunted as I rubbed at the spot, doing my best to ignore the pain as a snickering Ari appeared on my other side. Jordana got a hold of herself, taking in deep breaths to keep from breaking into giggles.
“For the record,” Ari said and smirked. “He was fingering me.”
“Aaaahhh!” I exclaimed and glared at her.
“Hey,” she said and snickered. “You started it.” Jordana facepalmed as she silently continued to laugh.
“Ugh,” I said and gently sniffed at the air. No trace of arousal, lingering or otherwise. Good.
“I can’t believe you just did that,” Ari said and chuckled. She looked to Tristan and let out a dramatic sigh. “She doesn’t trust our word. I’m hurt.”
“Oh, stop it,” I said with amusement. “You’re not, and we all know it.”
She shrugged and turned to the witch. “What did you do to her? She is like… not home.”
“She turned her into a puppet,” Jordana said helpfully and smirked. “I saw the whole thing.”
“Good enough of a description,” I said and studied the aura around Ari intently.
“You know, that is just creepy,” Ari said and turned to scowl at me.
I shrugged and looked to the witch. “When I release you,” I said conversationally, even as my compulsion slammed into her. “You’re going to remove the curse you have placed on Ari. Once you are done, you’re going to hand over the vial of her blood that is in your pocket. After that, you’re going to tell me who has been providing intelligence on us. You’re going to spill all of the secrets pertaining the Vampiric Council and all of its relevancy. Am I clear?” Since she couldn’t nod or speak, I plucked the answer from her head. Satisfied, I forcibly removed the shadow from her. She gagged and heaved as the tendril crawled up her throat and out of her mouth. A lot like a snake, in fact. We watched her, gasping and shaking as she tried to get herself together. After a few minutes of it, she straightened and began to chant an incantation. Tristan growled in warning, even as he held himself back from attacking her. As the last sickly-green strand vanished from Ari’s aura, she ended the spell and pulled out the vial of blood. I held out my hand and took it from her.
“The demon Amaya has been giving us what we need,” the witch said and bit down on her tongue to keep from talking. It… didn’t help. “Kira has been helping her.” A high-pitched ringing sound started up in my ears as a cold wave of sensation washed over me. “She doesn’t know or remember doing it.”
“Why is that?” I asked softly, calmly. I already knew the answer, but I had to hear her confirm it.
“One of the vampires working for the Protector has been compelling her to forget.”
“And, this vampire is…?”
“I don’t know. She doesn’t know.”
“Anything else?” Ari asked in a whisper.
“That is all.”
“Are you certain?” Freya asked, calm as ever. When the hell had she arrived?
“Yes,” the witch said, nodding.
“Thank you,” I said, a split second before a bloodcurdling scream escaped her. Tristan, Ari, and Freya were on her in a heartbeat, their fangs and claws flashing as they slowly and painfully ripped her apart. After what seemed like forever, Ari, who was in her demon form, swallowed her last mouthful of flesh and blinked her glowing green eyes at me.
“Fuck,” she growled and peered down at herself. She poked at her distended belly and groaned. “Fuck,” she repeated and flapped her wings in agitation. Freya and Tristan helped her to her feet as I walked toward them. There was nothing of the witch except for the few fragments of bone and the little puddle of blood on the floor. Ari pulled off her tattered clothes and scowled. “I liked that shirt.” Grumbling, she glanced at me. “Want me to come with you?”
I nodded. “After you get cleaned up.” She grunted and teleported, taking Tristan and Freya with her.
“Are you pissed?” Jordana asked after a long minute of silence. “At Kira, I mean.”
“No,” I said and let out a weary sigh. “You knew it was her all along, didn’t you?” She hesitated, before reluctantly nodding. I squeezed my eyes shut in an attempt to get my rage under control. I knew exactly how Jordana’s vision worked, and getting pissed at her for the choices she made wasn’t going to help anyone. If she had shared her vision in its entirety, the universe would’ve backfired on us. No one was allowed to know what the vision entailed, not until an event had come to pass. No matter what, the end outcome was going to happen, one way or another.
“Sorry.” I opened my eyes and took in a deep breath.
“I’m not pissed at you, either.” I walked toward her and opened the door. “Let’s find the vampire who’s behind all of this, hmm?” She nodded as I followed her from the room.
A couple of hours later, I stood before the gate leading to the Protector’s HQ. I was half tempted to just barge in and kill everyone in sight. Instead, I stood patiently for someone to come and open the damn gate for me. A vampire guard flashed into view a few seconds later and pulled it open; her heart skyrocketing as I stepped through. Ari fell in step beside me with a sigh. “What you got for me?”
“I can tell you for sure that it’s not Tryn or Donnica.”
“How sure of this are you?”
“A hundred percent. Tristan and Casiar even double and triple checked.”
“Oh, well. Okay then.”
“Although, Tryn knew his mind was being invaded a minute into it.”
“What did he do?”
“Nothing. He just gave a resigned sigh and rolled his eyes.” I chuckled as we came to a stop before a heavy steel door. “It’s official, the Council has selected eight vampires to join them.”
“When?”
“After this whole shit with, ahem, is over.” I smiled, inclining my head as Elena opened the door. “They’re going to be under a three-month evaluation period, though.”
“Good. Who’s in charge of them?”
“Raina and her people.” She smirked and followed me inside. “After all, it’s part of their job.” Donnica, who looked extremely nervous, met us halfway to the security center.
“I got it from here,” she said to Elena. The younger vampire nodded, looking relieved as she ran back the way we came.
“Does everybody know that we’re here?” I asked and followed the twitchy vampire into a conference room.
“Yes,” she said with a heavy sigh. “But they don’t know the specifics.” I arched an eyebrow, pulling out a chair for Ari before pulling one out for myself and sitting. Donnica dropped into the chair across from us and took in a deep breath that did nothing to calm her nerves. I took pity on her and handed her one of Jordana’s stress balls along with a discloser contract. Trynnadon entered a moment later, and Ari handed him the second contract that she held. Unlike Donnica, he was calm and collected, not showing the tinge of fear I could detect from him. Donnica cleared her throat and looked at us. “They know something is wrong.” Ari and I nodded. “And yes, this room is soundproofed.”
“How many vampires do you have working for you?” Ari asked and pulled out a quill pen. Yes, we had quills lying around. They worked just as well as a number two pencil or a ballpoint pen.
“About a dozen,” Donnica replied and cracked open the official-looking scroll that was sealed shut with a dark blue wax. Since it wasn’t a kill order, Tristan switched out crimson for a cheery dark blue. As for the actual kill order, I had that hidden somewhere on my person. Tristan hated writing up anything, kill orders, contracts, arrest warrants, summons, whatever. Sometimes, even he had to follow his own rules. It was another reason why he didn’t come along with us. Ari handed Trynnadon a pen and slid the same liquid-silver one with a black raven’s feather at the end of it toward Donnica, who picked it up and stabbed it into her wrist with a grunt. After she got a good amount of her blood on the tip, she withdrew it and carefully signed her name on the contract. I noticed that she had signed it with her full given name. I smiled with approval as she sucked in a gasping breath against the magical binding. A second later, the contract went up in blue flames. “The hell?” she spluttered in confusion.
“Not to worry,” Ari reassured her. “We have a copy in the system with your name and all.”
“Oh, good,” she said and let out a sigh of relief. “Tryn, did you sign yours?” In answer, his contract also burst into flames. “Never mind,” she muttered under her breath and brushed the ashes from her hands. “So… what can we do for you?”
“Gather all the vampires and bring them here,” I said and leaned my head back, until I was staring up at the ceiling. Trynnadon nodded, before exiting the room.
“When we checked them out, they were clean,” Donnica said a long minute later.
“I know,” I said, sighing. “But we will see.” Ari picked up the pens and wiped them clean with a small white cloth before pocketing them. “By the way, who is Kira seeing?” I asked casually. “Anyone that we know?”
“Um…” she said slowly.
“Come, now. She tells you everything.”
“Not everything,” she mumbled and shifted nervously.
“Out with it,” I warned and draped an arm over Ari’s shoulders. I could all but feel the animosity pouring off her in waves. Down, girl, I said into her mind. I inwardly chuckled as she silently snarled at me. I pulled her to me and ran my hand soothingly up and down her arm. We’re here on business, remember? I silently asked, trying and failing to hold back my amusement. Which means that I get to kill him or her, she growled back at me. If it’s a female, she doesn’t get a pass just because she’s a female, she silently hissed. Let’s save the dismemberment for after? I won’t even stop you. Slowly, her mental growls and snarls died off. After a moment, she took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. A couple more minutes passed before her glowing green eyes, which were hidden behind a pair of ultra-dark sunglasses, reverted back to their normal black. A burning pain suddenly shot through my skull and down my spine. At the same time, Ari yelped and pulled away from me. “Quick,” I said to Donnica. “Is she, or is she not seeing someone?”
“She is,” the protector replied, looking about ready to bolt for the door.
“Go,” I said sharply to Ari, and without another word, she was gone. Skyler! She mentally yelled. Come to me! Now! “I’m glad one of them is somewhat calm,” I mumbled and winced as Tristan opened up another wound in Casiar. I really, reeeeeally hoped the boyfriend or girlfriend had nothing to do with the kidnap or the mind control. Grimacing, I cut myself off from Casiar. It was that, or I wasn’t going to be able to focus on the task at hand. I returned my full attention to Donnica, realizing that Trynnadon had returned with a group of vampires. “Right,” I muttered and looked them over. I mentally slammed the door and smiled at them. Too bad it didn’t ease their anxiety in the slightest. Oh well, at least I tried. “So,” I said conversationally. Only a few of them were over the age of five hundred, and all of them were under the age of a thousand. “Tell me. Do any of you know why you’re here, exactly?”
“We did something wrong?” one of them hesitantly answered.
“Oh? Like what?” I was not going to strangle them. I was not going to strangle them, I silently repeated. It was, apparently, my current mantra of the night. I carefully sifted through their thoughts and memories, almost falling out of my chair as I came up against a nearly impenetrable barrier around one of them. I kept my expression in check, even though all I wanted to do was launch myself across the room and rip into one of the youngest amongst them. I glanced at Trynnadon, who gave me an imperceptible nod. I’ll hold a few of them back when they’re dismissed, he silently said to me and growled. I inclined my head in acknowledgement and turned my attention back to the group. “Well?” I prompted when they remained silent.
“Not sure,” Elena muttered under her breath. “A Council member here on an official capacity is never good.”
I smirked. “You make a good point, young one. So, tell me this, how many of you know Kira?” They all raised their hands. God damn it, that wasn’t going to work. I silently grumbled to myself and scowled at them. “Very well, how many of you know her personally? How many of you have casual conversations with her? I don’t know, go to concerts and movies with her? Basically, how many of you consider her as a good friend?” This time, only five hands went up. Good, I silently muttered to myself. Now we’re getting somewhere. I nodded and swept through their minds one last time. “Thank you,” I said and inclined my head at the door as I opened it.
“Sia, Elena, Hazel, Aldrik, Dorinda,” Trynnadon called as the group left. “Please, stay for a moment.” Dorinda, who was already out the door, came to a stop and turned. The others went around her, giving her a nod as they disappeared down the hall.
“Come, come,” I said and gestured for her to step back into the room. “It won’t take long. I promise.” The other four came over to the table and reluctantly sat. Taking in a deep breath, Dorinda reentered the room and joined them. I eyed them speculatively and rested my arms on the table as I leaned forward slightly. Three of them were blondes, one of them was a brunette, and one of them, Dorinda, had midnight-black hair. “Which one of you saw Kira last?” I gave them a cold smile and flashed my fangs. “Do not even think about lying to me,” I warned before any of them could come up with an answer. “If you do, I assure you that none of you will like the end result. Do I make myself clear?” They nodded. “Now, then. I ask again, which one of you saw Kira last?”
“We did,” Sia said and nodded to Dorinda and Elena. “She had Nova with her.” I nodded and leaned back in my chair.
“Was she herself?” Sia, along with Elena and Dorinda, nodded.
“The baby, however, was very… fussy,” Dorinda said and sighed. “More than usual.” Well, that was interesting, I thought and glanced to Trynnadon and Donnica.
“Thank you,” I said and resisted the urge to snatched one of them up and teleport away. “You have been very helpful.” After a moment, I nodded and pushed from the table. “You may go.” Looking relieved, they quickly left the room.
“I don’t want to know,” Donnica said after the door closed behind them. “I really, really don’t want to know.” She gave me a pleading look. “Please, don’t say it. I beg of you.” I smiled and gave her arm a gentle squeeze. “You’re going to say it, are you?”
“It’s Hazel,” I said casually and teleported.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-one

The next night, I found myself itching to go after Hazel. Alas, I couldn’t just yet. I had to wait until she did something stupid. Like running. Grumbling under my breath, I walked into Freya’s office and glared at Evelyn, who was casually leaning against the witch’s desk. She held up her hands and smiled. “You’ll be happy to know that she ran.” I perked up at that and smiled.
“Did she, now?” I asked. “Excellent.”
“Tristan won’t be joining you, I’m afraid. He is… still too volatile.” I nodded and began rummaging through Freya’s magical things. “What are you looking for?”
“Her sleep powder ball thingies.”
“I don’t think she keeps them here.” After another minute of looking, I nodded and closed the drawer that I was going through. Evelyn picked up a file from Freya’s desk and exited the office, muttering something under her breath as she went. I looked around the office one last time, before exiting and walking to Raina’s office. I knocked and pushed the door open. The head of the watchers looked up from her computer and gave me a nod. “She left about forty-five minutes ago. I have Arvennia and Blaze on her trail.”
I smirked. “You work fast.”
“I try.”
“Is she alone?”
“Yes.”
“Any idea where she’s headed?”
“Out of California, that’s for sure.”
“She does know whatever state she ends up in won’t protect her, right?”
She shrugged. “If not, she’ll find out soon enough. I sent out a worldwide BOLO the moment she made a move. Let’s just hope she remains in the US. Otherwise, Tristan will really lose it. He despise dealing with the international Councils. Last time we chased someone across Stateline was… What? Two hundred years ago? Oh and, the incident with the shifters three years ago doesn’t count, either.” I chuckled, turning to the door as Ari appeared, pulling the hood over her head with an annoyed huff.
“I see that you’re ready to go,” I said dryly and looked behind her. “Is anyone else coming along?”
“Jesric, Brynna, and Rory.”
“Oh, god, Brynna?”
“That’s what I said, too.”
“Well, we’re fucked,” I said matter-of-factly and followed her out. Raina’s amused laugh followed us as we made our way to the main floor of the HQ.
Brynna was, unsurprisingly, throwing her weapons at the walls when we stepped off the elevator a minute later. I caught one of the daggers and ducked another one as we approached her. “Having fun?” I asked and handed back her weapon.
“I got bored,” she growled and moved in a blur to collect the rest of her weapons.
“I can see that,” I drawled. “Where are the others?”
“Rory is throwing someone in a cell, and Jesric is…” She scowled. “Hmm, I actually have no idea what he’s doing.”
“He’s with Tristan,” Ari said and leaned against the counter that ran the width of the room. “He will…” She paused. “Never mind, they’ll both be up in a moment.”
“Please, tell me that Tristan is seventy-five percent here.”
“Make that twenty-five,” she said as they appeared. Hmm, I thought as I looked him up and down. Make that ten. Tristan drew in a slow breath and looked around at all the holes in the walls, floor, and ceiling. He glared at Brynna, who glared right back at him. A glaring contest ensued, until Ari cleared her throat and inclined her head to Rory. “I think we’re good to go,” she said loudly and pushed her way outside. Brynna blinked, shuddered, and followed her through the door that was being held open by a hunter, who looked way too amused for his own good. Rory and I followed them out, and I inhaled the chilly night air into my lungs. I walked into the surrounding trees, resisting the urge to look over my shoulder as Tristan came up behind me. Brynna, Ari, Jesric, and Rory went ahead as Tristan and I kept a leisurely pace.
“You’re going to make me ask, aren’t you?” I asked after almost five minutes of awkward silence. In answer, his creepy aura washed over me. I held back a shudder as we stepped into one of the clearings. I groaned as twelve hooded figures dropped from the sky to surround us. Ari nodded in agreement with me, while Jesric and Rory let out a resigned sigh.
“Do we really need them?” Brynna exclaimed and fingered one of her many knives.
“Bryn,” Ari groaned.
“What?” she asked defensively. “I’m being serious.” She went pale a second later as Tristan’s aura pressed down on her. She staggered, sucking in a gasping breath as she willed herself to remain upright. I sidestepped, turning until I could see the entire group. Plus, having a predator at your back was never a good idea.
“So am I,” Tristan said, so softly that I almost didn’t catch it. The twelve vampires acting as honor guard did a marvelous job at keeping their cool. “Yes, they are necessary,” Tristan continued and slowly walked toward her. “My question is, are you up for this mission?” Stopping before her, he cupped her chin and tilted her head back, until her eyes met his. “Or should I replace you?”
“No, no need for that,” she gasped as she involuntarily twitch, resisting the strong urge to back away from him. Tristan stared at her for another long minute, before dropping his hand and walking over to me. The oppressive weight of his aura lifted, and I could practically hear the sighs of relief, even though none came. Or rather, it wasn’t audible. After a couple of minutes, the guards melted into the shadows, and everything went dark as Tristan teleported, taking us with him.
“Florida!” I exclaimed. “Really?” I spluttered. “Where is the god damn vampire responsible for teleporting her to this god forsaken state?”
“Ahem,” Ari said and pulled her hood off. “Jailyn?”
“What? I don’t like this.”
“Ahem, the vampire you’re looking for is behind you.”
“Oh,” I said and turned. “Well, hello there, sweetheart.” I smiled at the black-haired, terrified, young vampire being held in Tristan’s arms. “Is she one of yours?” I asked him. “She looks like she’s going to piss her pants.” The vampire in question went paler than pale if that was even possible. “From your reaction, love, I’ll take that to mean you are his.” I scowled at Tristan. “Is Hazel yours, too?”
“No,” Brynna said with a sigh. “Hazel is mine.”
“I beg your pardon?” I said and spun to her.
She grimaced. “I turned her during one of my turning phases.” Ari gaped at her, and I just stared at her, slightly dumbstruck.
“What?” she asked and threw up her hands in exasperation. “How many have you turned during your time of loneliness and straight up boredom?”
“Less than you have,” I muttered and shook my head. “Was she your last turn?”
“Yes.”
“How old is she?”
“A little over two hundred.” I nodded and reached over to close Ari’s mouth. I smirked at her as she broke from her trance and blinked at me.
“Someone had to do it,” I said as she pulled the hood back over her head. “By the way, you just broke protocol.”
“Humph,” Ari said and sidled up to Tristan.
“So,” I drawled and returned my attention to the terrified youngling, who was trembling as she watched us. “Is teleporting all you did?” I asked and glanced around the dingy hotel room we appeared in. She nodded. “Who is Hazel to you?”
“An acquaintance,” she said, sounding like she was out of breath. I looked at Tristan, who looked like he wanted to strangle someone and keep at it until the head popped from the shoulders. Ari placed a hand on his arm and stroked it in a soothing manner as he fought with himself. Slowly, he released his hold around his child and took several steps away from her.
“What is your name?” I asked as her legs gave out. She crumbled to the floor, her eyes going wide with embarrassment. Hey, at least it brought some color back to her cheeks, if anything.
“Jetha. My name is Jetha.”
“And, how old are you, Jetha?”
“One-hundred-five,” she mumbled and picked herself off the floor. She sat on the edge of the twin-sized mattress and closed her eyes.
“Okay,” I said, shaking my head. “Get up.” She opened her eyes and stood. “Turn around.” Grimacing, she turned and placed her hands behind her back. I snatched Ari’s pair of handcuffs from her and snapped them around Jetha’s wrists.
“Hey!” Ari exclaimed.
“Sorry, I didn’t bring mine.
“Why didn’t you take Tristan’s, then?”
“Because you were closer. He’s standing all the way by the door, if you haven’t noticed.” She harrumphed as I led Jetha to the door. Brynna opened it, and I thought the young vampire was going to faint as she saw the guards lining up the hall. One of them stepped forward and took her by the arm before teleporting. He returned a couple of minutes later and tossed Ari’s handcuffs back to her. She caught them and inclined her head to him as he stepped back in line.
“Thank you,” she said as Rory walked down the hall toward us.
“Clear,” he growled under his breath to Tristan, who nodded.
“Pick up anything, Bryn?” I asked.
“Working on it,” Brynna replied as we made our way outside. “Cutting off your sire should be impossible,” she muttered to herself.
“If that was the case, you wouldn’t be able to keep Elijah from tracking your every move,” I said with a smirk.
“Fuck. You have a point.”
I chuckled. “Do you, by any chance, have something that belongs to her?”
“Probably,” she said slowly and frowned. I had no idea how long we were aimlessly walking, but however long it was, it was long enough for the wind to suddenly shift direction. I got a face full of fresh, sweet, witch blood. It actually burned my nostrils and the back of my throat. We came to an abrupt halt, and Tristan almost fell on his ass as the scent punched him in the face. His aura flared to life, and I grunted as I fought against the crushing pressure of it. Except for Brynna, Rory, Jesric, a couple of the guards, and myself, everyone hit the ground, either gasping or grunting as they resisted the urge to pass out from terror overload. Snarling, Tristan disappeared, reappearing several minutes later holding a bleeding witch and…
“Hazel!” I exclaimed with false cheer. “I am so glad that you could join us!” I snatched her from Tristan, and Brynna grabbed the witch as we teleported.
“You are dismissed,” Tristan all but hissed at the guards as we appeared back at headquarters. Without a word, they scattered. Hazel struggled against my hold, and I sighed as I glared down at her. She squeaked as her feet left the ground, and her arms instinctively went around my neck. The witch was busy cursing us out as we walked down the steps that led to the prison area of the building. Tristan’s hand shot out, grabbing the witch by the arm and bringing the bleeding wrist to his mouth. She fought futilely against him as his mouth closed over the self-inflicted wound, healing it. Stopping before a closed door, I kicked it open and entered one of the rooms we used for interrogation. Setting Hazel back on her feet, I turned as Ari, Brynna, and Tristan followed me inside. Ari closed the door behind her and leaned against it. She tugged off her hood and sighed in relief. Brynna shoved the witch into a chair and turned to her wayward child.
“Anything you would like to say for yourself?” she snapped at her and closed the short distance between them. Hazel glared at her, wincing as blood trickled from her nose.
“No.”
“No?” Brynna growled. “What do you mean by “no”?”
“Exactly that. I don’t know why I did it.”
“Then, why did you run?” She opened her mouth to reply, but instead of words coming out, blood exploded from her in a torrent. Brynna screamed in both pain and rage as Hazel’s brain leaked from her ears. The witch tried to use the distraction to escape, but sadly for her, I hadn’t forgotten about her. I telekinetically grabbed her around the throat and slammed her headfirst into the far wall. Tristan grabbed a snarling Brynna, yanking her back a split second before her child went up in flames. Her pained screams filled my ears, and I winced as Hazel’s death registered to Casiar. Since he was mostly blocking me, it only faintly registered through the bond between us. The fire finally died down as I took in shallow breaths against the wash of emotions bombarding me. Hazel’s spirit hovered motionless a couple of feet above the pile of ashes that was her shell just moments ago. Brynna let out another enraged, pain-filled scream as she fought ferociously against—to the outside world—a stoic Tristan. Too bad that Ari and I knew better to think such things. Elijah appeared beside them, grabbing his child and disappearing with her in his arms. Her screams echoed in the heavy silence that followed. Tristan slowly pushed himself to his feet, and we walked over to Ari, who was unconscious. He crouched beside her and stroked her cheek. From above, hovering at the ceiling, Hazel silently watched us. I placed a hand on Ari’s head and focused on her. The room became more and more charged as Tristan’s rage grew by the minute. My ears popped as a result, and hot blood trickled from them as I quickly unraveled the dark strands of black magic that was in her blood and keeping her from regaining consciousness. As the last of it left her, Ari’s eyes popped open. She sat bolt upright, gasping as she clutched at her chest.
“What the fuck did that bitch do to me?” she exclaimed and took in a shuddering breath. I stood and walked over to the unconscious witch. I pulled her to her feet and slapped her awake. I smiled down at her as her eyes flew opened.
“Rise and shine,” I said sweetly as Tristan snatched her from me. “You shouldn’t have done that,” I continued and waved. “I hope you last the rest of the night. I got somewhere I need to be,” I finished in a conciliatory whisper. Giving Tristan and Ari a nod, I jumped over to the abyss.
“Do you want to talk?” Hazel turned and eyed me nervously as I approached her. I reached out and placed my hand on her shoulder as the veil between worlds shimmered and vanished.
“I guess I have nothing to lose, now,” she said softly as I led her away.
“Well,” Isra said as she materialized at my side. “That was intense.”
“Tell me about it,” I muttered as I launched upward into the thick swirl of purple haze, taking Hazel with me. Isra easily floated up beside me, looking anywhere but at me. “What are you looking for?” I asked wearily.
“The pearly white gate,” she said casually.
I chuckled. “Well, you won’t find it here.”
“There’s hell, why not heaven?” She frowned. “Or is it called the afterlife?” She yelped as I mentally reached out and tethered her to me. I pulled Hazel into my arms, and I grunted as a blinding white light flashed before my eyes. My ears popped as the black, purplish wasteland that was the abyss, vanished. In its place was an ocean of energy, crashing and swirling around a focal point. I stopped a few feet from the black obelisk that periodically pulsed crimson in the mix of the multitude colors that were already there. I squeezed my eyes shut against the painful kaleidoscope of… well, life in its purist form, I guess you could call it. I opened my eyes and blinked away the scene before me as I returned to the abyss. Mentally, that was. I could still see, for instance, Hazel and Isra. Though, they were greatly muted, like looking through a window that was seriously warped.
“All right, Hazel,” I said and turned her head away from the obelisk. “Who told you to do the things that you’ve done?”
“A necromancer,” she said and scowled.
“Witch or vampire?”
“Witch.”
I stiffened and held back a growl that really wanted out. “Did this witch have silver hair and sky-blue eyes?” I asked and projected an image of Alecta into her mind.
“Um, no. It was a male.” Well, at least I didn’t have to murder Roxana’s favorite pet, I thought and nodded.
“The witch with us, was it her that took your life?”
“No, it was a failsafe.”
“I thought as much,” I said with a sigh.
“But why didn’t you guys neutralize her?”
I chuckled. “We didn’t on purpose.”
She blinked. “Huh?” she asked in confusion.
“We wanted to see what she would do.”
“Oh.” She hesitated, and then smirked. “She won’t last the night, will she?”
“Um… no,” I said dryly.
She nodded, and again hesitated. “Tell my sire that I’m sorry. Roxana was with him when he found me.”
“I will,” I said and inwardly winced. “Is there anything else that you wish to tell me?”
“Tell Kira that I’m sorry, too.” Aaaahhh! I silently yelled, but nodded all the same. It was the least I could do. “One more thing, and then you can… do whatever necromancers do.” She reached up and placed her hands on either side of my head. In a flash, information poured from her mind and streamed into my own. It wasn’t the location of Kira, but it was a lot more than we ever had before. I smiled. 
“Why, you clever little spy.”
She shrugged. “I knew that something was wrong.” I inclined my head and started for the obelisk. Once there, I released her and held her hand a couple of inches from the pillar.
“Thank you, Hazel. You gave us more to go on than anyone else so far.”
She smirked. “You can thank me by putting down Roxana. I don’t care if that means killing her, cutting her off from the devil’s influence, locking her away with him, whatever. As long as it ends.”
“That, I can certainly do.” I gave her hand a gentle squeeze, before placing it on the obelisk. I dropped my hand from her and took a step back as the thing began to vibrate. I gave Hazel a reassuring nod, before jumping back to the abyss, and then back to earth. After all, it was time to find one of the top players in the game.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-two

FREYA

I let out a groan as someone softly knocked on my bedroom door. The sun was up, and I wanted nothing more than to just lie here and never move. I was so god damn tired of just… everything. Rory, who was half asleep next to me, nudged me hard in the side as another knock sounded. I growled and kicked him. Just because I could, and it felt good. I rolled onto my stomach and pulled a pillow over my head. Rory rolled atop of me and sighed. “You know that she won’t go away if you ignore her, right?”
“I can dream,” I mumbled.
“And I can hear you,” Jailyn sang through the door. “Besides, it’s noon.”
“Come back at nightfall,” I muttered.
“No can do.” I growled, and then let out a heavy sigh as Rory got up and walked into the bathroom. “Fine, how about I talk to you while you stay in bed?” Hmm, I thought. That actually did sound nice. I let out another sigh and reluctantly lowered the ward I had over the door. Jailyn entered a second later, and I could all but feel her rolling her eyes at my lack of clothes. Oh well, all she could see was my bare ass. She flopped down beside me and groaned. The feeling was mutual.
“I heard,” Rory said as he exited the bathroom.
“Good,” Jailyn said as she got comfortable.
“Heard what?” I asked and shuddered as Rory placed a hot hand on my back, stroking it.
“Ari called a meeting,” he said, before sinking his fangs into my shoulder. A second later, he was gone, and I was busy gasping as blinding pleasure coursed hot and swift throughout my entire body. My nipples grew hard as heat exploded between my legs, my core aching and pulsing. I groaned, even as I cursed him out in several languages, none of which was English. Son of a fucking hell, I was going to have… what was the female’s version of blue balls? Grrrrrr.
“Wow, that was just plain cruel,” Jailyn said with a chuckle. She swiped the little bit of blood from the healed wound and sighed. “Want help?” she asked, sounding way, way too amused for my liking.
“No,” I growled and threw the pillow at her.
“Are you sure?” I opened my eyes and glared at her. “Your fingers are shooting sparks.” I looked at my hands, and sure enough, they were, indeed, shooting sapphire sparks into the air. She patted me on the ass, her fingers dipping between my legs. Growling, I slapped them away. She sucked in a sharp breath as my magic zapped her and danced up her arm. Not in a bad way, either. “Now, that is just wrong.” I smiled and rolled onto my back.
“What is it that you wish to speak to me about?”
“Hazel.”
“Brynna’s childe? What about her?”
She frowned. “Are you sure you don’t want help? Your accent is coming out. More than usual, I mean.”
“I will hit you,” I warned.
“Fine, fine,” she said, smirking. “Have it your way,” she conceded and held up her hands defensively. “Back to the topic at hand; you up for going with me to her home?”
“Perhaps.”
“She has… things that you might find interesting.”
“I see. I take it that this has something to do with magic, yes?”
“Mostly.”
“Mmm,” I said thoughtfully and flashed to my feet. It was that, or I was never going to leave the comfort of my bed. I walked to the bathroom and stepped into the shower. I turned it on, setting it to the coldest temperature possible.
About half an hour later, I exited my room and joined Jailyn outside on the porch. Jordana stood beside her, looking nervous as she shifted from one foot to another. She was also fidgeting with something in her hands. “Jordana?” I greeted her and inclined my head toward the plastic, white table and the four chairs arranged around it. “Please, have a seat.” She was clearly troubled about something as Jailyn and I followed her over. We sat, and I waited for her to speak, if that’s what she wanted to do. She still looked uncomfortable as she clenched her hands around something that squeaked. It sounded a lot like a toy of some kind. She glanced to Jailyn, to me, and back to her with a scowl.
“Go on,” Jailyn said coaxingly and smiled. “I only found out this morning,” she said to me. “I wouldn’t have, if I hadn’t pulled her aside for a little… chat.” I arched an eyebrow. When Jordana remained silent, Jailyn reached over and took one of her hands. “Look at me, sweetheart.” The young vampire looked up from the table and met her unblinking eyes. A silent conversation passed between them, peaking my interest. After a long moment, Jordana took in a deep breath and withdrew her hand, which was still clenched in a fist.
“Do you remember me slapping the devil’s conduit?” she asked and held her breath.
I blinked. “I was not there when you did it, but I have heard about it,” I replied slowly and sat back in the chair.
“Well,” she continued, hesitant. “She went into my mind and did something. At the time, I didn’t know what it was.” She frowned. “I still don’t know, but that’s not the point.” I kept silent as I studied her intently. “Whatever it was, it has been slowly…” She scowled. “Mending my mind, I guess.” At that, I sat up and leaned forward. Forget about being a little interested, I was more than that.
“I simply thought you were making major progress.”
She slowly nodded. “I… was, but the poke at my mind really jumpstarted it. It didn’t happen over a night, or a week, or a month.”
“When did you realize the difference in your… behavior?”
“In the recent weeks.”
I nodded. “How does your sire feel about this revelation?”
She winced. “The only person I’ve told so far is Jailyn, and now you. Although, Sven knows something is off.” She paused. “And I guess Tristan knows about it, too. He might have caught me doing something.”
Jailyn groaned. “What did you do? And what did he do?” Jordana hesitated, and then I gasped as my energy all but drained from me. It wasn’t the slow drain, either. It was like someone had pulled the plug, and suddenly, energy was rushing out of me in one massive burst, leaving me in agony and resisting the strong urge to throw up. Only Jailyn’s hand on my arm kept me from hitting the porch in a heap.
“That,” Jordana said as I continued to gasp and groan in pain. “The same thing I did to you.”
“What did you do?” I slurred and slumped on the table. Jordana dropped the two stress balls she was playing with and wrapped a cool hand around my wrist. My vision darkened as my strength returned to me in a shockwave of rushing energy.
“I absorbed your powers,” she said over the pounding of rushing blood in my ears. “Well, most of it. If I took all of it, you would be unconscious.” She shifted nervously and took in a deep breath. “Sorry, you’ll have a migraine for a while.” I pulled my arm from her loosened grip and clutched my head as I squeezed my eyes shut.
“Do not. Ever. Do that. Again.” I gasped. Fuck, was it agonizing. When I got no reply, I partially opened my eyes and peaked at her. She was slowly nodding, but her gaze was far away. A sketchpad appeared on the table in front of her as a red color pencil appeared in her hand. As Jailyn and I watched, she began to furiously draw something. The necromancer released her hold on my arm and patted me on the shoulder.
“It will ease up within a couple of hours.” Ugh, I thought and closed my eyes as my head hit the table with a thump.
“What is she drawing?” I mumbled as she got up and went back inside.
“I have no idea,” she said as she popped a blood bag in the microwave. “I’m trying very, very hard not to look.” Jailyn returned a few minutes later and pulled me back from the table. “Open your mouth.” I did, and she popped the first hot bag of blood to my fully extended fangs. A shudder ran through me as the hot liquid hit my tongue. I took the plastic bag from her and quickly drained it. After the fourth bag, I was most of the way to my normal self. Well, what was considered normal for me, that was. She and I watched Jordana, as she muttered something under her breath and continued her drawing. The only sound was the angry flipping of paper and the pencil moving across it at lightning speed. After a few more pages, she dropped the pencil and leaned back in her chair. Her head tilted back until she was looking up at the sky, she let out an enraged scream that echoed long after she fell silent. “The visions are coming to you more frequently now, aren’t they?” Jailyn asked gently. Without answering, she slammed her sketchpad close and made it vanish. I really, really wanted to know what she saw, but I bit down hard on my tongue, until I tasted blood. Jailyn cleared her throat and nodded to the pencil. “So, what did Tristan do when he saw you?” Jordana said something unintelligible and pressed her fingers into her eyes. “I beg your pardon?”
“He just stared at me, and then I briefly felt him entering my mind.” We nodded as she pushed from the table, grabbing the pencil and the stress balls as she stood. She made the balls disappear, but kept the pencil clutched in her hand as she moved off the porch.
“Are you of sound mind?” I asked as we followed her down the four steps. “I mean, since you realize what was happening.”
“For the most part,” she replied flatly. Jailyn and I winced, and my wanting to know of what she saw increased. “I still have random panic attacks, but I no longer have blackouts.” Silence hung between the three of us as we made our way to Hazel’s home, which was surprisingly, not that far. “Hannah is helping me unravel the rest.”
I nodded. “Has your desire to consume brain and children lessened?” She mumbled something that I couldn’t quite… make out.
“I’ll never be who I once was, you know,” she said a moment later.
“I do not expect you to be, nor would I want you to.”
“Good, because I still fucking hate witches,” she growled. “And necromancers.” I inwardly winced and glanced at Jailyn, who had a pained look on her face.
“Are you going to tell the others?” I asked as we slowed to a stop a mile from our destination. Jordana remained silent for so long I thought she wasn’t going to answer.
“There is no need,” she said in almost a whisper. “They will find out, soon enough. Everybody will.” An icy chill ran down my spine, and I almost, almost asked her to clarify what she meant by it. “I sense witches,” she growled low under her breath. She went predatorially still, and instead of her expression turning lifeless, her eyes glazing over with insanity; she became cold, calculating, and… something else. I do not know if I like this side of her, Jailyn said into my mind as we looked around. I said nothing to that as I turned my attention solely on Jordana, who was growling low in her throat. Still holding the color pencil in one hand, she brought it up in a blur and stabbed at empty air. A gurgling sound met our ears, and I smiled as a witch popped into view, his sweet blood scenting the air. Jordana’s smile was creepy as she reached out and grabbed his wrist, crushing it. Insane or not, the young vampire was not one to be trifled with. Since the pencil was still lodged in his throat, the witch couldn’t really scream. “How many of you are here?” she asked in a monotone. The witch gurgled something, and she sighed. “are there more than the two of you? Nod if there are.” He nodded., or as much as the pencil would allow. “How many? Half a dozen?” He shook his head. “A coven?” He again, shook his head. She growled and grabbed his head in a vise-like grip. When she released him, he dropped lifeless to the ground. I arched an eyebrow, and she shrugged as she bent and tore his head from his shoulders. She picked up her pencil and took several steps back as the head along with the body went up in flames.
“Jordana,” Jailyn said conversationally as we melted into whatever patch of shadow we could find. I also casted a veil spell over us as we waited, because it was better safe than sorry. “What did you mean by powers?”
“Magic, shifting, whatever.”
“What about things like super strength and speed?”
“I need blood for that.”
“Hmm, I see.” Half a dozen witches came into view a few minutes later, and Jordana, who was standing slightly behind me, stiffened as her breathing became short and fast. I halfway turned to her and put a hand on her shoulder.
“Calm your heart,” I said, low enough for only her to hear. “Center yourself, rest your mind.”
“Right,” she mumbled to herself. “Right. Happy place. Go to my happy place.”
“We know you’re there,” one of the witches called out and took a step forward. I slowly withdrew my hand and gathered more of my magic to me. “Come out.”
“And, pray tell, why would we want to do that, hmm?” Jailyn asked, a split second before an arrow of shadow punched through the back of one of the witch’s necks and out the front. Colorful barriers popped into existence, but she punched through them like they were not even there at all.
“Shadow wraiths,” Jordana said under her breath as each witch fell lifeless to the ground. In their place, shadowy figures were rapidly forming from the equally disappearing pool of blood.
“Can they do magic?” Jordana asked and shuddered.
“Yep,” Jailyn said as she appeared beside one of them. “They retain whatever abilities they had in life.” She turned to the nearest one and nodded to it. “Show me.” The wraith nodded, and we waited as she retrieved all their memories. When she was done, she came over to us and let out a heavy sigh. “There are a couple of necromancers nearby. Both of them have their Ahzeeki with them.”
“Wonderful,” I said sarcastically and growled.
“Nullify them as soon as you see them.” I nodded as Brianna, Jesric, Zavar, and Kaleentha appeared in a swirl of black smoke. Brianna looked green as she dug her fingers into Jesric’s forearm, like he was her lifeline.
“Never again,” the fledgling said and swallowed hard.
“Sorry, sweetling,” Jailyn said and handed her a small bottle of ice water.
“How are they not noticing us?” she asked and released her death grip on Jesric. She twisted off the cap and chugged the contents of the bottle with great relief. Her stomach made a gurgling sound as it settled.
“We are veiled,” I answered and glanced at Jordana, who was staring at me, a thoughtful expression coming over her.
“That, we are,” Jailyn confirmed as the shadowy wraiths moved toward us. “Jordana, slaughter or hunt down data?”
“What kind of question is that?” she asked, still staring at me. If she kept this up, I was going to have to rethink my assessment of her mental state. Jailyn chuckled, holding out her arm as Xorik appeared. The imp climbed up and settled on her shoulders, his glowing red eyes darting every which way.
“All right,” Jailyn said and looked at Jordana. “First, is there a reason to why you are staring at Freya like she’s an experiment?”
Jordana blinked and tore her gaze from me. “Um… no?”
“Uh huh.” Jordana smirked and moved toward Jesric, who eyed her warily as she stopped before him. “What are you doing?” Jailyn asked and eyed her suspiciously.
“They’re moving,” Brianna said and waved toward three witches heading in our general direction. Jordana, who was about to answer Jailyn, snapped her mouth shut and stepped out of the spell’s range. The others, unsurprisingly, cursed colorfully as the witches immediately spotted her. “Shit,” Jailyn’s childe hissed as they raised their hands to cast.
“I wouldn’t do that,” Jordana said in a singsong voice and smiled. They paused and glared at her. “I was being serious.” The air rippled as Ari suddenly appeared in our midst.
“Do they have shields up?” the leader of the assassins asked no one in particular.
“Yes,” I said and arched an eyebrow. “Why?”
“Fuck,” Ari growled and glared at the witches. “I wanted to punch a hole in their skulls.” Three dark blades appeared in her hands, and she frowned at them as she muttered to herself. Meanwhile, Jordana and the witches were having a staring contest not twenty feet from us.
“May I see them?” I asked and gestured toward the weapons in question. Eyeing me suspiciously, she reluctantly dropped them into my outstretched hands. Tightening my grip around their hilts, I silently muttered a spell. A blue glow surrounded my hands and sank into the weapons, briefly bathing them before fading completely. I handed the slightly vibrating blades back to Ari, who was staring at me like I had sprouted a second head. “You may now assassinate them with ease,” I said with a smirk.
“You’re enchanting all of my weapons from now on,” she said as she took them from me. “My previous witch sucks.” I chuckled as she turned back to the standoff between Jordana and the witches.
“He doesn’t suck,” Jailyn muttered. “Freya is just a lot older than he is.” Ari ignored her and narrowed her eyes on her targets. As the first blade left her hand, Jesric, Zavar, and Kaleentha broke from the veil and moved in a blur. Seconds later, screams filled the air, and blood—both witch and demon—assaulted my senses. My head swam as hunger burned through me, hot and demanding as what felt like claws tore at me, doing its best to rip me apart from the inside out. The surge of saliva filled my mouth as I growled and fought the urge to, either attack, or curl into a ball. Jordana lunged for the third witch as the second one dropped dead to the ground, Ari’s blade sticking out of the side of his head. My vision darkened and narrowed, my brain feeling like it was about to explode. I blinked, as a dark blue light poured from the third witch and into Jordana, who had her fangs buried in her neck. I flashed over to her and snatched her up from the dead witch, a split second before the body ignited.
“Is that supposed to happen?” Jordana asked as she clung to me. Since I was busy fighting with myself, I couldn’t answer her; mentally or otherwise as I caught up with the others. I set her back on her feet and forced myself to release her. Turning, I hurled a disc of energy at the nearest group of witches. The transparent blue disc sliced through nine of them; their bodies in two pieces as they hit the ground. Blood fountained into the air, and I snarled as my vision wavered in and out of focus. The five remaining witches screamed in rage and spun toward me. They quickly moved in around me and linked hands. Before they could start up on their chanting, I let out a feral growl and launched myself at them. Their enraged screams turned pained as I tore into them, my vision going dark as my other half took hold and dug her claws in deep.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-three

JORDANA

The witch’s stolen magic coursed through me like a wildfire as I stood before Hazel’s front door about twenty minutes or so later. Night had completely fallen five minutes ago, and everyone was finally dead. Well, all but one. The sole survivor, a necromancer, writhed in agony as Jailyn latched onto his spirit and squeezed. At the same time, she slowly and painfully removed the souls under his control. He was fighting her like someone, well, like someone possessed. She just smiled and leaned casually against the side of the small house, her unblinking eyes never leaving him. So technically, the poor guy was fighting empty air and screaming his head off. Brianna appeared beside me and reached over to open the door. I scowled at her and stepped inside. I paused in the living room and frowned. Ignoring the dark décor, I tilted my head back and gently sniffed at the air. I followed the scent of the owner to wherever it was the strongest. Of course, it was the bedroom. I stopped in the doorway, inclining my head as I thought. Whatever she wanted us to find surely couldn’t be in her room. Outside, the necromancer was still screaming bloody murder. I was a little pissed that Freya took out all of the witches, leaving me with no one else to kill. Growling, I stomped down the short hallway and joined Brianna in what looked like an office. “Find anything?” I asked and followed her gaze to one corner of the small office. “What?” The fledgling eyed me nervously as she walked over to the corner in question. I followed her, and the telltale feeling of magic increased as I drew closer. Brianna reached out a hand to touch the wall, but before she could make contact, a bloody, feral-looking Freya appeared out of nowhere and caught it. The fledgling gasped and instinctively stumbled back a step. She tried to pull her hand free, but to no avail. I picked up a figurine of… a ballerina? I stared at the thing dubiously for a moment, before throwing it at the spelled wall. There was a whump, and my eyes widened as Freya grabbed me and yanked both of us out the door. A split second later, a small explosion went off. To my sensitive ears, it sounded more like a nuke instead of what was probably a pipe bomb. Jesric, Ari, and Jailyn appeared, and we stared at the destroyed office for a long moment.
“Ahem,” Jailyn said and scowled at Freya. “Could you please release my childe?” Freya blinked and looked down at where she still held Brianna’s hand in a vise-like grip. She stared at it for a few more seconds, before she slowly released her hold and took a step back. “Thank you,” the necromancer said and pulled Brianna to her side.
“Your making?” Jesric asked and turned to Ari.
“What?” she asked and glared at him. “I don’t put my creations up for sale, you know.” He smirked and stepped into the smoke.
“A small fireproof safe,” he said and reappeared with it. It looked like he’d ripped it from the wall. Stopping before Freya, he handed it to her and inclined his head. She took it without a word, and I nearly passed out as white-hot agony sliced my skull in two. At least, it felt like it as I dropped, screaming. Not again, I thought, as everything went black.

ARI

I caught Jordana before she could hit the floor. Tristan’s enraged scream filled my head, and I winced as he appeared. Sven and Liana wasn’t far behind him, either. I handed Jordana to Sven and turned to the others. The metal safe was glowing white in Freya’s hands as she glared at it. A second later, she punched a hole through the lid. Tristan dropped his hand from Jordana and spun to her, growling as he snatched the safe from her. She smiled and began to heal herself. Tristan reached in and pulled out a Ziplock bag that held a… silver thin laptop? I stared at it stupidly, before snatching the sleek device from him. It looked like he was going to smash it against the nearest wall, and we couldn’t really have that after coming so far to obtain it. “How’s Jordana?” I asked and tucked it under my arm as we all turned our attention to her. I found them! Brianna yelled into my mind. I grunted and looked around, realizing belatedly that she wasn’t with us. “Found who?” I asked as Sven, Tristan, Jesric, and Freya vanished into thin air.
“The witches, of course,” Jailyn said as Jordana’s eyes popped open. She sucked in a gasping breath and groaned as she fought to free her hands from Liana.
“She wants to pluck out her own eyeballs,” Liana said in reply to Jailyn’s questioning look.
“Ah.” The necromancer reached out a hand and cupped Jordana’s chin, turning her head until she was looking her in the eye. “Fuck,” she growled a second later and sent Liana flying into the wall, hard enough that it knocked her out.
“Why the fuck did you do that for?” I spluttered and looked around for Sven, who, thankfully, didn’t appear.
“Hold her.” I set down the laptop on the end table that was just outside the destroyed office and pulled a furious Jordana to me. I grabbed her hand before she could stab a finger into her eye. “Find her,” Jailyn said to… someone that I couldn’t see, but I could sense the spirit that was definitely in the hall with us. She sighed as a tiny tendril of shadow gathered in her hand. “This will hurt, but I’m hoping it doesn’t register to Sven, who reluctantly agreed to cut himself from her for the time being.” She rolled her eyes and pointed to the floor.
“You’re going to tell us what’s going on eventually, right?” I asked dryly and wrestled a snarling Jordana to the floor.
“Right,” she said and crouched beside us. She extended a hand, and as Jordana open her mouth to… probably scream, a ping-pong-sized ball of shadow flew into it and down her throat. A choking sound escaped her instead as she stiffened, her body arching off the floor. Then, she began to fight me with all the strength she could muster. It felt like I was going up against a one-thousand-year-old vampire instead of three hundred as I struggled to keep her from throwing me off her. Jailyn’s hand flashed, and Jordana screamed as the necromancer’s fingers wrapped around her throat. Hot blood trickled from my ears as her screams turned shrill and bloodcurdling. “Now!” Jailyn yelled aloud and into my mind. Since I was busy trying not to get my head slapped off my shoulders, I knew that she wasn’t talking to me. A moment later, Jordana let out an enraged scream and went limp under me as she passed out. I released the young vampire and rubbed at my hot-to-the-touch ears as I sat back with a relieved sigh. The others returned, and the only one not covered in blood was Jesric, who was holding a shadowy figure in one hand and shaking it like a dog. I would have laughed if the situation wasn’t so dire. Tristan looked like he wanted to rip the soul from him and bash it repeatedly against something sharp. Jordana took that moment to regain consciousness. She popped from the floor and snarled so loud and ferociously that it vibrated all the way to the center of my being. I shuddered and edged toward Liana, who was still unconscious.
“I!” Jordana shrieked at the top of her lungs. “Will! Not! Be! Controlled! Again!” She screamed, causing Tristan’s nose to bleed. The most sensitive out of all of us, he also bled from his eyes and ears. Jordana kicked at the soul still held in Jesric’s grip. Her foot went through it like it was not there. She let out another scream and turned her rage on the nearest wall. Sven didn’t even try to stop her as plaster and other things rained down on and around her.
“Shall we get going?” Jailyn asked, as if nothing had happened. “Did someone walk through the entire house?”
“Yes,” Freya replied as Sven pulled Liana up and into his arms. “There is nothing further that is to be found here.”
“Very well, let us be gone from this forsaken place.” With that, everything went dark.

TRISTAN

I blinked, as someone smacked me upside the head, and blinked again as I realized that we were back at headquarters. More precisely, we were standing in the Council’s chamber. Ari hooked her arm around mine and all but dragged me to the back of the chamber, where a door leading to the small studio apartment stood opened. I pulled myself free and walked over to Freya, who was leaning against the sink and staring off into space. I stopped in front of her and eyed her thoughtfully as Ari, Brianna, and Sven gathered around the laptop. From the opened doorway, Jailyn watched me, her eyes narrowed. You or her, she said into my mind. I prefer not to fight both of you. I smirked and took Freya by the arm, pulling her to the couch with me. She seemed oblivious to everything as I sat and pulled her down beside me. Well, not until I stuck a finger between her parted lips and pricked it against one of her lower fangs. Before her mouth could clamped down on it, I withdrew it and licked away the trickle of blood. She snapped to with a feral snarl, and I suddenly found myself being pressed into the couch. I tilted my head back, grunting as she struck, growling as her fangs sank in deep. She all but tore my neck open, but nonetheless, I wrapped my arms around her and held her to me, even as I inwardly winced and silently cursed the universe. My head felt like someone was repeatedly hammering spikes into my brain, and my stomach was in a whole new world of pain as my own hunger grew by the second. I had no idea how long Freya was at my neck, but I was vaguely aware of her breaking my hold and jerking her head back with a growl. She sprang off me, as if I had set her on fire. Before I could instinctually react to the sudden movement, her binding spell hit me, and everything briefly went dark.
When I came back to a resemblance of myself, I found that I was staring up at the ceiling high above. Nearby, someone was typing and clicking away on a laptop. I turned my head and squinted my eyes at Sven, who was staring at me as he typed away. Beside him on the couch was Jordana, who was curled into herself and looked to be in a deep sleep. I swallowed the taste of Ari’s blood and held back a growl. She only gave me enough to remain just an inch from insanity. I was going to kill her, I silently muttered to myself as I continued to watch Jordana sleep. Since the spell was still in effect, the only thing I could move was my head. “The others are out hunting,” Sven said before I could ask it.
“And you?”
“I’ll hunt once they’ve returned.” I turned my attention to him and reached out with my senses. I quickly pulled back with a growling hiss. My stomach clenched painfully, and I snarled as I fought not to fight against the spell holding me. I breathed shallowly in and out, thinking of anything else that wasn’t… My vision, already seeing red, deepened as the rush of blood grew louder and louder in my ears. I returned my focus to the ceiling and waited for something to strike me dead. Of course, nothing happened. I must have blacked out again, because I didn’t remember attacking anyone, or how hot blood was pouring down my throat. I blinked, trying in vain to clear my vision along with my head. The blood flow stopped, and I surged upward with a snarl. Or… I tried to. Someone, Ari, jumped on me and sent me back to the floor. She grabbed my head and slammed it against the floor. I briefly blacked out, coming back to a tongue down my throat and a hand down my pants. My other half slammed against my brain, beating at it for all it was worth as hunger and pleasure came to a standstill. Ari’s hot fingers closed around my erection, and I groaned as she stroked me. At least, her tongue was no longer down my throat, I thought as she freed me.
“Are you back with us?” she asked, sounding way too amused for my liking. My brain felt like it was going to implode as she took me into her mouth. I arched, snarling as she sucked me deeper into her mouth, her hands squeezing and stroking the rest of me. Hot waves of pleasure rushed through me like lightning as I swelled and grew harder. Ari sank her fangs into me, and I came with a roar. She took all of me, sucking, licking, and swallowing as my hot release—as well as blood—continued to pour down her throat. I went limp a moment later, panting as she released me with a wet pop. My vision cleared somewhat, and I blinked at Ari, who was crouched over me with a satisfied smirk. “Now, that’s what I called a quickie.”
“Yeah,” Jordana suddenly said from nearby. “It only took ten seconds, and you cheated.”
“It did not, and I was not,” Ari said indignantly. I looked around and smirked as I found her watching us along with Sven and Freya. I yanked Ari down atop me and flipped us. She squeaked as I moved off her and made her pants vanished. I pulled her to me, spreading her legs wide as I moved between them. I trailed my fingers up her inner thigh, and she let out a shuddering moan as I found her opening, hot and wet. I pushed a finger inside and stroked her. She moaned, her eyes wide as she dug her nails into my arm. She let out another moan as I slipped a second and a third finger inside her, spreading her open as I thrust them in deep. She writhed and groaned, arching into my hand and gasping as I hooked my fingers and stroked her hard. My thumb found her swollen clit, and she arched as I rubbed at it, circling it. I thrust my fingers in and out of her, fast, hard, and deep. A strangled scream escaped her, her walls clenching around me as she came. Before she could come down from her orgasm, I lifted her slightly and slipped my tongue between her folds, thrusting deep inside her with one hard stroke. Another strangled scream escaped her, and I growled as I swirled my tongue inside her. She dug her fingers into my hair, holding me there as she writhed and moaned in pleasure. I took her clit into my mouth and suckled it as she arched into me. I pulled back slightly and slipped two fingers deep inside her, followed by a third, and thrust them in and out as I circled her clit with my tongue. I pulled my hand free and took all of her in my mouth, licking, sucking, and thrusting my tongue in and out of her. She arched, screaming as she came. I sank my fangs into her, and she continued to scream as a third orgasm ripped through her. A growling sigh escaped me, and I smiled as she began hitting me on the head. I pulled away, my eyes never leaving her as a shudder wracked her entire body. Ah, I thought. Payback was a bitch. “I hate you,” Ari said breathlessly. “I fucking hate you.”
“You started it,” I growled and cleared my throat. She glared at me as she grabbed her pants and struggled back into them. I hid a smirk as I pushed to my feet and stepped back into my own pants.
“Hot. Damn,” Jordana said and laughed. A little hysterically, I thought as Sven and Freya let out an amused chuckle of their own. A loud, long, high-pitched beep sounded from overhead, and we all looked up at the tiny speaker that was to the left of the door that led back into the Council’s chamber.
“Anybody need a cold shower after that steamy show?” Raina asked over the intercom. Ari groaned, and I silently chuckled as she rolled her eyes. Freya smiled and patted her on the back as the witch walked to the door to open it. A grinning Raina strode in with a very amused Jailyn following behind her. Sven, who still had the laptop, cleared his throat and held up said device. Jailyn took it from him as I zeroed in on the compelled human male standing beside Raina. She brought him over to me, and I pulled him in close and bit hard into his neck. Beside me, Ari winced. I growled and swallowed the hot blood. Instead of the pain lessening, it increased and twisted my stomach into a tight knot, as if punishing me for not quenching my thirst much sooner. After a long minute, my hunger eased up slightly, and with all the strength I could muster, I retracted my fangs and pulled back. They popped back out a split second later as I leaned in and swiped my tongue over the punctured wounds, healing them. Sven took the human from me and teleported him to a nearby hospital, because… well, he needed an emergency transfusion.
“Humph,” Jailyn said as Sergei appeared in the doorway. She waved him inside, and the door slammed shut behind him. “This is very anticlimactic. I can’t decide if I’m more annoyed or angry by this fact.”
“What?” Ari asked and flashed to her side. “What did you find?”
“Coordinates,” Jordana said for her and glared at the laptop. “How are they useful?”
“Coordinates for the gates,” the necromancer said and sighed. “The question is, where in Sweden?” She turned to me and arched an eyebrow. “Where were you turned?”
“In a cave,” I said dryly.
“That is very helpful,” she replied, just as dryly.
“In what is now known as Gothenburg.”
“Well, at least that narrows it down quite a bit,” Raina said and frowned. “I wonder if the gate is closer to Norway…”
“It is,” Jesric said, appearing in the middle of the apartment with a frigid blast of wind. Jailyn turned and arched an eyebrow at his drenched appearance.
“Gone for a swim, I see.”
He sighed. “I was thrown into a lake.”
“By whom?”
“Me,” Brianna said, popping her head out the bathroom door. “He’s so grumpy.”
“Come out of there,” Jailyn said, exasperated. “You’ve been in there for an hour now.” Her child snorted and exited the bathroom, coming over to join us. She flopped onto the futon and rolled her eyes toward the ceiling. “Now then,” the necromancer said with a heavy sigh. “Raina, what you got?”
“My people are ready to go,” the leader of the watchers replied and scowled. She seemed to be calm and casual about the matter, but I could detect a continuous low growl coming from her. It was so faint that an average vampire wouldn’t be able to pick it up, but since I was a freak of nature, I could. “Just say the word.”
Jailyn nodded. “Ari? Sven?”
“Same here,” Donnica said from the laptop. I blinked at it. What the hell? “Tryn is too busy growling to answer.” Skype, Brianna said into my mind and laughed. Oh, right, I thought and scowled. Stupid technology, I silently muttered. Whatever happened to messengers and telegrams?
“As Raina said, my people are ready,” Sven said, and Ari nodded.
“Okay,” Jailyn said and took in a deep breath. “For now, continue to take down anything or anyone you come across.” There were nods all around as they slowly made their way out into the chamber. “Sven, if you find anything else, let us know.” Sven grunted and teleported away, taking the laptop with him. Ari wrapped her arms around me from behind and sighed as she nuzzled the side of my neck. I turned and pulled her in close.
“Freya,” I said and gently pulled at her. “Come.” She appeared at my side, and I took her by the arm as I teleported. After all, there were people that needed killing. And sooner, rather than later.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-four

RAINA

I stared up at the rising sun, slowly creeping its way across the horizon as I watched, only half aware of my surroundings. In a few nights, the world was going to go up in flames. I was not excited about it. Oh, I didn’t care if I perished in the upcoming battle, but my people, who were my friends, my family… I sighed and lowered my head into my hands. I dug my fingers into my eyes in a futile attempt to get rid of the spiked hammer that was furiously hammering away at my skull, as if it was determined to crack it open like a watermelon. At the rate it was hammering, it was going to succeed in no time at all. “Raina?” I lifted my head and dropped my hands as I turned to one of the younger hunters. She held a notepad in one hand and a dagger in the other. “Tristan would like to see you.”
I nodded. “On my way,” I said and leapt off the roof I was standing on. “Thank you. Return to what you were doing,” I called back up to her. She nodded and launched herself into the sky.
Tristan was sprawled on the couch as I entered his home office. My eyes immediately went to Ari, who was holding a bundle of blue wires. She was lying in Tristan’s arms, his fingers absentmindedly stroking her hair. Freya, on the other hand, was standing over by the opened window. I breathed in the cold refreshing air into my lungs and shuddered as I sat on the edge of the rectangular oak table that was in front of the couch. I was careful not to knock Nova’s cradle off it. Nova herself was sleeping fitfully inside it, her legs kicking at empty air every now and then. “Liana said Hazel had a few videos on her laptop,” Ari said and bent one of the wires into a ninety-degree angle.
“Oh?” I said and ripped open a packet of saltine crackers that Ari liked to snack on for some unknown reason. I stuck a cracker into my mouth, chewing and swallowing as I watched her bend and twist wires.
“A couple of meetings and a few clips of preparations for… probably a ritual.” I nodded as I continued to eat.
“Huh,” I said and held out a cracker to Tristan, who scowled at me and shook his head. “Is this the only thing she snacks on?”
He shrugged. “She is partial to berries.”
I blinked. “Really?”
“Hey,” Ari said defensively. “They’re juicy and… delicious.”
“Will I find containers of berries hiding behind bags and pouches of blood in your fridge?” I asked and smiled.
“Humph.”
“So, why am I here? Not that I’m complaining, of course.”
“Of course,” she said dryly and elbowed Tristan in the ribs.
“Ritual of Asunder,” Tristan growled and captured Ari’s hand in his.
“Ah… huh?”
He chuckled. “Read up on it and give Jailyn your opinion.” I nodded. “Also…” His creepy, solid white eyes met mine, and I stiffened as my vision blurred and darkened, as if I was about to pass out. No-no-no-no-no-no! I silently yelled at him. Ari reached out and patted me on the leg.
“It’s okay,” she said with a smirk. “He’s going to wipe me, too.” Since I was under Tristan’s compulsion, her voice sounded faint and distant. After you tell Jailyn what you think of the ritual, you will forget what I told you to read up on, and you will forget your conversation with Jailyn that will follow. Is that clear? His deep voice in my head sent chills skittering down my spine like icy fingers of dread.
“Yes,” I said in a monotone and nodded. I blinked and shook myself, literally and figuratively as he released me.
“You could’ve compelled me from afar too, you know,” I grumbled under my breath. He just smirked at me and cuddled Ari closer.
“His brain is slowly melting,” Ari said in an audible whisper, and she smiled at the sound of him growling. I chuckled and finished off the cracker that was in my hand.
“Is the book in the Council’s library?” I asked and stood. I looked down at the sleeping baby and resisted the urge to pet her. Ari pulled from Tristan’s arms and sat up as she pocketed the wires. Reaching over to the cradle, she lifted her daughter from it and cuddled her.
“It is,” Tristan said, and I nodded as I went to the partially opened door. “Raina?” he continued before I could exit his office. I glanced over my shoulder and waited. “Have a care that you do not speak a word of this to anyone.”
“I give you my word,” I said, inwardly wincing as a brief burning pain shot through my skull and was gone just as quick. He nodded as I stepped out and pulled the door shut behind me. Well, I thought as I stepped out into the cool sunlight of doom. Guess I know what I will be doing for the next few hours. I glared up at the bright horizon and rolled my eyes. Shaking my head, I teleported.

FREYA

Tristan’s hands were like livewires, as he placed them on my shoulders and turned me around to face him. “Are you certain of this?” he growled and stared deeply into my eyes. I reached up and wiped away tears as I blinked several times against the white spots. Staring into the sun for a long period of time without means of protection was seriously not a great idea. It burned like a bitch, and I continued to leak, long after the white spots were gone.
“I am certain,” I said and refocused on my sire, who—after a long moment—reluctantly nodded.
“What are you guys talking about?” Ari asked from the couch. Tristan and I looked at her, and I inwardly winced as her eyes glazed over. “She will not appreciate that,” I mused.
“She cannot, if she does not remember.” He crossed the office to the door and opened it. “Come, walk with me.” I followed him from the office and continued on outside. I ducked my head and took the ultra-dark sunglasses from him, slipping them on as we walked down the driveway.
“You wish to speak to me about certain matters?” I asked after about five minutes of wandering aimlessly.
He grunted. “No.” I frowned as we turned into a side street. After a moment, I nodded to myself, because I had an inkling of an idea to why he was with me. I inwardly winced, and then froze at the scent of old blood and aggression. Okay, it probably wasn’t a rogue, but ninety percent of the time, it was.
“Rogues,” I growled under my breath. A few paces in front of me, Tristan too, froze on the spot and inhaled the scent deep into his lungs. Sighing, he flashed out of sight. I remained where I was, because there was another presence nearby and drawing closer. “Brianna,” I said casually as she sneaked around the corner with one hand up to shield her eyes.
“Freya.”
“Are you following us?” I asked and held back a smirk. She wasn’t, but…
“No,” she spluttered as Tristan returned with a struggling rogue in his arms. She was cursing up a blue streak, clawing at him and trying her damnedest to bite him. A car that was blaring Ariana Grande sped past and nearly ran them over. Tristan growled and shot the driver one of his death glares. I groaned as the car swerved and nearly careened into the side of the building. Actually, it would have, if I hadn’t slammed my hands on the hood and stopped it in its tracks. I walked around to the driver side and mentally unlocked it before opening it. The college-looking teen stopped cursing at the top of her lungs and jerked her head to me.
“What the…? How the…? Who the…? Who the fuck are you?” she spluttered and stuck a hand into her backpack that was sitting on the passenger seat. On the other side of the car, Brianna was doing a little dance. Really? I thought at her.
“What?” she yelled over the music. “I like this song! Don’t judge!” I held back a smile and bent until I could lean into the car. I clamped a hand on the teen’s arm and pressed her back into her seat. Pushing up my sunglasses with a finger, I looked her in the eye.
“What the hell—?”
“Silence,” I said both out loud and into her mind. With the music as loud as it was, she couldn’t hear me. Her eyes glazed over as my compulsion rolled over her. “Let go of what you are holding and remove your hand,” I continued as a new song started up. She did as she was told, and I breathed in the scent of fear that was beginning to roll off her in waves. I sensed Tristan coming up behind me, and I silently cursed as I refocused on what I was doing. Right, I thought and scowled at the teen with fiery-red hair, dark green eyes, and wearing a white UCLA sweatshirt. “Forget that you ever saw us,” I said to her. “You will drive safely to wherever you are headed to, and for the love of god, turn down that music to where only you can hear it. The entire world does not need to hear it, too.” With that, I repositioned my sunglasses, pulled back from the car, straightened, and slammed the door shut. As I released her from my compulsion, I mentally locked the door and waved to her. We flashed out of sight and watched her. She revved the car and drove away a long minute later, shaking her head in total bewilderment. The rogue was gone, of course, and I resisted the urge to scowl at Tristan. Instead, I sighed heavily and arched an eyebrow at him.
“Time for you to go to Chicago,” he growled and handed me a piece of paper. I blinked and looked down at it as I took it from him.
“Can I come?” Brianna asked and looked around. “I never been there.”
“No,” Tristan said before I could reply.
She pouted and crossed her arms. “Why not?”
“You will be with Hannah.”
She blinked. “I will?” Shaking his head in exasperation, he teleported her away.
“That was quite rude of you,” I pointed out, and then gasped as everything went dark. Son of a bitch, I thought as I appeared at the end of a driveway that led up to a small house. My skin prickled as the ward crackled, hiss, and spit around me. I took a step back and brought up my shield in time to block a crackling blue ball of flame aimed at my head.
“Freya!” Breelyn exclaimed and caught the doorframe in surprise.
“Forgive my intrusion,” I said and smiled. “You may blame my sire for this.” The witch looked past me and frowned. “May I enter?” She blinked, and after a long moment of contemplating, she lowered the ward around her home. I inclined my head and dropped my shield as I walked toward her. “Thank you.” She stepped back and allowed me to enter. The door closed behind me, and my skin tingled as she reengaged the ward.
“Come to my office,” Breelyn said and led the way. Once there, she went behind her desk and sat.
“You know why I am here, I presume?”
She sighed. “Yes, I do.”
“Do you have them?” She nodded and unlocked the top drawer, pulling it open. She reached in and came out with a black collar and a matching pair of cuffs. She held them out to me, and I took them from her with a nod. I am outside, Sergei growled into my mind. Alone? I asked and glanced out the window. Too bad that it was facing the wrong way. Yes. “Thank you,” I said out loud and inclined my head to the witch.
“I hope that they are of use to you,” she said and walked me out.
“Likewise.” I continued my way down to the streets and looked around. Sergei appeared at my side and put a hand on my arm. A second later, everything went dark.
We appeared in his office within the headquarters, and I set down what I was holding onto his desk. Hot and cold waves of sensation washed over me as my stomach painfully clenched and unclenched with hunger. It wasn’t helping the fact that I could sense Sergei’s own hunger, too. From the intensity of it, he was on the verge of losing it. I eyed the collar and cuffs with dread. “Would you like me to chain myself?”
“I beg your pardon?” I asked and turned to blink at him.
He chuckled and leaned against the wall. “I will be your witness while you infuse the items.” Well, shit, I thought and frowned. I glanced at the dorm-sized refrigerator beside his desk and arched an eyebrow in question. “I ran out.” Double shit. He smirked, even as a low growl trickled out of him. I glanced at one of the cuffs and picked it up. Taking a deep breath, I dropped into his chair and pulled hard on my magic. A wash of dizziness came over me as my hands glowed a dark crimson. My blood all but shot out of my hand and drenched the cuff I was holding. I quickly grabbed the other one, not even breathing as I concentrated all of my focus on channeling. It was either that, or I was going to die. Okay, not really, but you get the point. My other half slammed against the bars of her cage that was my skull, and my eyes began to bleed as I ignored the agony of it. For one, drinking my own blood did absolutely nothing to ease the hunger, and two, it was just unbecoming of me if I did. Sergei’s growls and snarls sounded so far away as I chanted under my breath. I didn’t bother to look over at him, even as his aura pressed down on me, squeezing me. Since he wasn’t attacking, I knew that someone else was in the office with us. There was a flash of blue light, and I dropped the cuffs and snatched up the collar. My vision wavered in and out of focus, and I nearly lost control of my magic as white-hot pain exploded in my head and stomach. My entire body felt like it was on fire as my two halves went to war with each other. The witch and the vampire. I wondered, vaguely, which one was going to win. As the collar flashed blue, I dropped it. Good thing I did, because I fell out of the chair with a pained, enraged scream a second later as Tristan imploded my brain. The high-pitched ringing in my ears that started up minutes ago, grew louder and louder as he increased the intensity of it. I curled into myself and clutched my head as I continued to scream. To add to it, I was also spewing up what was left of my blood. All I could see was white as I writhed in nothing but pain. Someone plucked me from the floor, but I was too busy dying to sense who it was. Shhh. Shhh. Shhh, someone said into my brain. Something hot, sweet, and electrifying was suddenly pouring into my mouth, and I choked as I simultaneously stopped screaming and tried to swallow. I coughed and managed to swallow most of it. The blood stopped flowing into my mouth, and I took a moment to catch my breath. The moment I did, it was back before my brain realized what was happening. My senses came back on line somewhat, and I grabbed Tristan’s arm, holding his wrist to my mouth as a moan escaped me. From the crinkling of plastic and the scent of hot, not-so-fresh blood, I realized that he was also feeding. Just not from a vein. After all, bagged blood could only do so much. In the case of my sire, not so much, but it was better than nothing. I bit harder into his wrist, growling as I swallowed down mouthful after mouthful of his blood. As I continued to feed like a newborn babe, he slowly eased up on his brain imploding ability. The crinkling of plastic stopped, and I scented Jailyn’s blood soon after. Growling, he struck. The pain in my head lessened even more, and I slowed on my feeding. I blinked as my vision returned, along with everything else. I was no longer in Sergei’s office, I was… being held by my sire. I didn’t bother to look around to see where I was.
“Switch place with me,” Jailyn said to… Astrid? I blinked at her as she took Jailyn’s place beside Tristan. He took her arm, and she gasped as my sire sank his fangs into her wrist. Unlike Jailyn, it was more of a gentle bite.
“Why isn’t she feeding from someone else?” the, uh… somewhat human asked in confusion.
Jailyn smiled and leaned back on her hands. “Tristan is her sire. The rule of thumb is, if you for some reason lose a lot of blood for whatever reason, you are to feed from the one who turned you. There is a bond between sire and childe. Therefore, the blood of the sire is more potent. That’s why injured vampires feed from their sires if possible. Faster replenishment, faster healing, etcetera.” After a long minute, I withdrew my fangs and lazily licked at Tristan’s wrist, healing it.
“Faster easing of hunger?”
“Yes, and before you ask why we don’t feed from whoever turned us all the time…” She arched an eyebrow. “Do you want to rely on your parents for everything for your entire life? In the case of vampires, eternity?”
“Um…” Astrid said as Tristan released her. “You have a point.”
“Also, we do feed on human blood. There is a lot to learn. It is why fledglings are with their sire for the first one hundred years of their vampire lives. After that, they can be free to do their own thing. One thing to keep in mind, a bond between sire and childe can only be broken by death.” Of course, there was a magical way to break it, but Astrid didn’t need to know that. The human nodded, and I fell back against Tristan with a heavy sigh. His arms came around me and held me tight as he nuzzled my neck, inhaling my scent deep into his lungs. I turned halfway in his lap and rested my head on his shoulder as my own arms went around him. I inhaled deeply and closed my eyes, contentment settling over me as I relaxed into him. He stroked his fingers through my hair, and I sighed. Ari’s warm hand settled on my arm, and I smiled into Tristan’s neck as she patted my back. It didn’t matter how old I was, a deep bond between sire and childe was on a whole confusing level of its own.
“Sleep, my child,” Tristan growled softly into my ear. “Rest this night. When you wake, all will be well.” That is unlikely, I thought, but I didn’t fight him as he eased me into a deep sleep. His amused chuckle was the last thing I heard, as darkness swiftly claimed me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-five

I slowly opened my eyes and stared up at the ceiling of my room. “How long have I been asleep?” I asked softly into the darkness.
“You have slept through the night and a day,” Tristan replied, just as softly. “It is the next night.” I nodded and pulled a pillow to me. I hugged it against my stomach and sighed.
“Have you been here this entire time?” The silence between us stretched on for a long time, until I thought he wasn’t going to answer at all.
“Mostly,” he said and let out a heavy sigh. “Rory and I have been alternating.”
“Speaking of Rory, where may he be?”
“He is hunting.”
I smiled. “Hunting as in, sustenance? Or hunting as in, he is after a mark?”
He chuckled. “The latter, if I am not mistaken.”
“Did you send him out on this… hunt, by any chance?”
He smirked. “I have nothing further to say.” Chuckling, I threw my pillow at him. He dodged it, and instead of hitting him like I wanted it to, it sailed past him to hit the wall. “How are you feeling?” he asked, all seriousness back in place. I did a quick mental check of myself, and after a moment of pondering, I nodded.
“I am well.” I paused, and then frowned. “More so, in fact. My hunger is not so…” I trailed off, unable to find the word that I wanted.
“Ari, Rory, and I,” Tristan said slowly and smirked. “Have been feeding you while you slept.” Well, no wonder I didn’t have the urge to murder someone. For once.
“Thank you,” I said and slowly sat up. He grunted, nodding as he slipped out of bed and stood. He came around to my side and waited as I debated with myself. I couldn’t decide if I wanted to get up or stay in bed and sleep for the next one thousand years. God, the latter was so, so, so tempting. Tristan put a hand on my shoulder and stroked his fingers through my hair, soothing me and all but lulling me back to sleep.
“Kom, älskling. Det är nästan över.” I took in a deep breath and squeezed my eyes shut. After a long moment, I nodded and opened my eyes. I took Tristan’s outstretch hand and allowed him to pull me to my feet. He led me from the bedroom and into the kitchen, where Ari was busy going through my refrigerator.
“May I be of assistance to you in any way?” I asked dryly.
“Huh?” the redhead said and glanced at me. Her hair was so dark of a red that it might as well be black. “Oh, uh… No.” Tristan released me and shook his head, as if saying, “don’t ask”.
“Might I ask what you are looking for?”
“This,” she said and came out with a bag of blood. On the plastic, it read: ‘AB neg’. Damn, I thought as she popped it into the microwave. That was my last one, too. I sighed and rolled my eyes. “You have leftovers.” She inclined her head to the opened refrigerator. I glanced inside and resisted the urge to roll my eyes again. On the middle shelf were a couple of Styrofoam takeout containers.
“Lily,” I said and closed it. “Speaking of her, where is she?”
“Out on your balcony with Jailyn.” I blinked. “Void globe.”
“Ah.”
“Don’t worry, no one is around to hear. Besides, who would dare to even try?” I smiled at that, because her words were true. No one would dare try to break the spell or eavesdrop on Jailyn. Not if they wanted to live.
“How long have they been out there?”
“Hmm,” Ari said and popped the bag to her fangs. An hour or so, she said into my mind, and I nodded. Walking toward the stairs, I glanced back at her and Tristan.
“Behave. No copulating on my table.” I smiled as Ari pulled the half empty bag from her mouth. Choking and coughing, she glared at me. Tristan just looked… amused. Much to Ari’s annoyance. “Or anywhere else for that matter.” I flashed up the stairs, chuckling to myself as I approached the balcony door and pulled it open. The cold touch of necromancy was like plunging into ice water as I stepped out. The ward parted around me, and I shuddered violently as the necromancer herself and Lily popped into view. The youngling’s bright blue eyes were wide as I went over to the table.
“I told you she would be fine,” Jailyn said to her with a slight smile, giving me a nod as I pulled out a chair and sat.
“We were deciphering runes,” Lily said and eyed the pulsing shadows around us. “Well, I was.”
“Worried about my well-being, are you? I am touched,” I said to her and chuckled. I reached out and covered her hand with my own as she blushed. Jailyn hid a smile behind her hand and shook her head at me.
“Stop teasing the poor girl.” I smirked, giving Lily’s hand a gentle squeeze before releasing her and sitting back in my chair.
“How is the progress coming along?” I asked.
“Almost done,” Lily said and finally looked at us. “I just have a tiny portion left.” On the table in front of her were stacks of spiral notebooks. I arched an eyebrow.
“No tablet?” I drawled. “I thought you younglings do everything electronically.”
“Yeah,” she said slowly. “They’re all on my laptop. Don’t worry, I didn’t make it obvious. They’ll just think it’s art. I had Bri photograph everything into her brain, too.” She shifted uncomfortably in her chair. “I didn’t want you guys strangling me, after all. Or draining.”
I smirked. “And those?” I asked and inclined my head at the notebooks.
She shrugged. “I was told that you guys like to keep paper records, sooo…”
“Ah,” I said and nodded. “Everything ready?” I asked and glanced at Jailyn, who was staring at Lily, who in turn, had a glazed look as the necromancer projected images to her mind.
“Focus,” she said to her and inclined her head to me. “Are you?”
“I am.”
She took in a deep breath, before slowly letting it out. “Let’s hope this goes the way that I wanted it to. I really don’t want to put you down.”
I nodded. “Everyone else?”
“They are. We just need to give the signal.”
I inclined my head. “Very well,” I said softly and stared at the pulsing shadows around us. “Very well.”

KIRA

“Tell me. If I let your pain register to your sire, will he come?” Roxana’s voice slowly penetrated my brain as I returned to consciousness. It was like struggling against quicksand as I tried to focus on her. As my vision cleared, I stared at her sucking at my wrist. She pulled back and rolled her eyes at me. “I pumped you full of venom, remember?” she asked dryly. Oh, right, I thought as she slashed at my wrist with one of her claws. “Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and bit her finger. Black blood welled up from the wound, and I struggled to pull free of her grip. “Shhh,” she said, and I screamed as she stuck her finger into the gaping wound in my wrist. “I can’t have you heal on me within ten seconds, you know. Don’t worry, it won’t kill you or turn you into one like Ariella.”
“Demon blood turned her?” I asked and wheezed through the pain. “And I thought my sire couldn’t sense me here in hell.”
She smiled. “Not quite. It’s not so easy as becoming a vampire. She and her demon opponent fought for a long time. A lot of blood, magic, and energy were thrown around.” She smirked. “She shouldn’t have survived the attack at all.” My eyes widened as the realization came to me. “Yes, I had a hand in her survivability. I just gave her a nudge. The rest was all on her.”
“Is the demon dead?”
“No, he is not.” She smiled. “But he will be.”
“He will?”
“Mmhmm.”
“When?”
“Hmm. You know, that is a good question.” She whistled loud, long, and piercing. My poor ears throbbed in pain from it. The door at the far end of the room opened, and Alecta stood outside it, her eyebrows raised in question. Roxana sighed and scowled at her. “Come in, come in. Don’t just stand there.”
“I was afraid you were going to strike me down with lightning,” the witch said casually and entered.
“I would never,” Roxana said indignantly. “I thought you knew me better than that.” The witch smirked and stopped beside her. “Heal her.”
Alecta blinked. “Uh… okay?”
“I would do it, but there is a massacre going on somewhere, and I’m more likely to kill her on accident.”
“Are you all right?” the witch asked, and I gaped as blood all but burst from Roxana’s eyes and ears.
“Fine,” Roxana said and walked toward the opened door. “Heal her.” She stopped and turned to me. “Also, you are right about sires unable to sense their children when in hell,” she said to me. “But all of you are my children. Therefore, I can rip you wide open to him if I so wish it.” With that, she strode down the hall and disappeared from view.
“What’s wrong with her?” I asked, hoping she wouldn’t… implode my brain or something.
“She feels every supernatural death. Every time one of them dies, it causes her pain.”
“Holy shit,” I said as she muttered a spell under her breath. I glanced around, realizing that I was in a cozy-looking bedroom. The walls and ceiling were sunny yellow that hurt my eyes, and the carpeted floor was the color of snow. The bed, which was the only thing in the room aside from an oak nightstand, was the color of the sky. Whoever decorated the room needed to be strangled. Like, seriously. “Are we still in hell?” I frowned as my pain slowly eased. “Wait, we are. The décor of this room says as much.”
Alecta smiled. “We are.”
“So… where did she go?”
“She went to suffer alone.” She paused. “Hmm, yeah, suffer alone. The ones dying aren’t really suffering.” She smirked. “Not anymore, at least.” I nodded and pushed into a sitting position. Alecta inclined her head, studying me. With a grunt, she sat. “For what it’s worth,” she said to me. “I am sorry for what’s going to happen soon.” She glanced at the doorway and frowned. “I do hope, for the sake of the world, that Jailyn and Freya has something planned. If not… Need I say more?” I shook my head, hoping like hell that everything would work out, because if not, we were so fucked.

JAILYN

“I found them.” Raina strode into my living room and flopped onto my couch with a heavy sigh. “Of course, the leader wasn’t with them.”
“Witches?” Casiar asked and tightened his hold around me. I snuggled into him and thought about kicking Raina. She looked like she was about to fall asleep right there on the couch.
“Shifters, for once.”
“Really?” I asked with interest. “How many?”
“I detected eighteen.”
“Humph,” I said and scowled. Casiar’s hand slipped under my shirt, and when it slid toward my pants, I grabbed his wrist and growled at him. He sighed and grumbled something that I couldn’t… quite make out. “Any wards around the property?”
Raina nodded. “A couple of layers. Riana is there, waiting.”
I grunted. “Give her the go-ahead.” I reluctantly pulled From Casiar’s arms and stood. He and Raina followed me up as I looked around. “Zavar,” I called out to him and waited. The demon appeared a minute later, coughing. “Where is Brianna? And are you all right?”
He nodded. “She’s with Aisley, and I was in the middle of swallowing a mouthful of reapers when you called.” Whoops, I thought and smiled.
“Sorry about that.” He nodded, shrugging. “Well, whatever you’re doing, finish up. Things are about to… get very interesting.” His eyes, which were the color of glacial blue, flashed red.
“I see,” he said softly, and then nodded.
“Get the others ready.”
He inclined his head. “It will be done.” He gave Casiar and Raina a nod, before disappearing in a flash of fire. I glanced around at the other two.
“Shall we investigate?” I reached out to Ari and tapped on her fiery metaphorical door. Plucking the location from Raina’s head, I passed it along to her. Got it, Ari said into my mind a second later. We will be waiting. “Go on without me,” I said to Casiar and Raina. “I’ll be there shortly.” They nodded and teleported away without a word. After a long moment of just standing there, I too, teleported.
Reappearing back in the home of Freya and Rory, I followed the witch’s energy to her library. I almost, almost smiled as I entered and made my way through the oppressive minefield that was Rory’s barely detained rage. If that didn’t give away the mood of the room, his low growls and snarls would have. Also, he was glaring into the side of Freya’s head. If looks could kill, his glare would have set her head on fire. I held back a chuckle at the image that conjured up in my fucked up brain. I stopped in front of Freya and leaned against one of the bookshelves. “It is time,” the witch said, calm as ever. However, on the inside, she was anything but calm.
“Yes,” I said softly. You must restrain him once we get there, I telepathically said to her. He will not let you go through with it, if you do not. A pained look crossed her face, but she nodded. Have you told him? She swallowed. I did not. I mentally inclined my head in acknowledgement. But I believe that he has an idea. She smiled and glanced over at him. Ariella has taught them well. I inwardly winced. That she has, I silently agreed and sighed. Freya turned from the opened window and pulled Rory to her. She whispered something for his ears only, and I patiently waited. My gaze drifted to the far wall, and I studied the large tapestry that depicted a snowy landscape under a starry, moonlit sky.
“Do you like?” Freya asked softly. I mentally shook myself and nodded. She and Rory were at my side, and without a word, I teleported, taking them with me.
Icy wind whipped through our hair as we appeared on a rooftop of an abandoned building. With an effort, Rory pulled back on his aura and cloaked himself as Freya and I did the same. I looked around and narrowed my eyes as I slowly turned. If I hadn’t been expecting it, I would have stabbed Tristan as he suddenly appeared from the shadows. The wind picked up slightly, and Riana’s voice sounded in my ears. I twitched, because god damn, my eardrums felt like they were being assaulted with a million dull needles. Tristan stiffened, a shudder racking his entire body.
“The wards are down,” the witch said, and just as quickly, the unnerving feeling was gone. Grimacing, I shook myself and turned in time to see the last golden strand of magic vanishing into thin air. Surprisingly, Nolita was the first to make a move. She jumped from the shadows, two bluish-white crackling swords in her hands as she leapt into the air and slammed through one of the ground-floor windows. Riana and Brianna were hot in pursuit as the first scream rent the night air. Magic rushed out of Freya in waves, and my head felt like it was going to explode as she growled and launched herself from the roof. I went after her and briefly caught Lily running down the street. I dove into the shattered window and dropped the first shifter I saw. She was dead before she even knew what hit her. Ignoring the others, I launched myself at them. My fangs struck the skull of a small bird, and I grabbed him before he could fly away. Opening my mouth wider, I crunched down on his head. I dropped the lifeless corpse and tore into the rest. Blood along with body parts and steaming organs rained around me as I punched a hand through another shifter’s head. My claws sprang free, and I cursed as I nearly stabbed Ari with a fiery claw. She dropped and swept another shifter off his feet. She grabbed him and brained him against the fireplace. Glancing at me, she shook her head. With a sigh, I willed my claws to retract. I took out my annoyance on a panther that tried to sneak up on me. Too bad for him, my senses were better, if I do say so myself. I grabbed his legs, twisting and pulling at each one of them, until they broke with a loud snap. He screamed, and I smiled as I ripped into his belly, exposing his innards. Cursing, I launched myself away from him as his blood exploded out of him like a geyser.
“Freya!” I yelled and glared at her. She ignored me and ripped into… hey, a witch. Look at that, I silently mused. A few witches had joined the party after all. Chuckling, I straightened from my crouch and flashed outside.
I found Lily crouched behind a bush, furiously drawing a rune on the ground in front of her. Standing protectively over her were Jane, Brianna, Hannah, and Zavar. My demon was more protecting Brianna rather than her sisters, but… I wasn’t going to make a big deal out of it. I approached the group and watched Lily for a moment. Inside, the battle was still going on. There was a brief spark of blue light, and Lily straightened, glancing at us before hopping over the rune and running for several feet. She stopped and allowed her body to drop like a stone. She grunted in pain, but her hands were already at work on the next rune. Covered in blood, innards and things I did not want to think about, I smiled, wishing like hell that her mentor was here to see it for herself. I followed the group around, keeping a close eye on the young witch as she drew twenty-one more runes. In total, there were thirty-two of them around the grey building the shifters had called home for the past months. When she was done, she stood and pocketed her blue enchanted chalk. She took in a deep breath, and we followed her as she ran around to each rune, double checking each one of them as she went. When she was satisfied, she turned her attention to the building and scowled. Zavar touched her arm, shaking his head. “It’s over.” She nodded and reluctantly looked away. I looked up at the night sky, inwardly wincing as teleportation suddenly took hold. Frigid ice water splashed against my face as we appeared somewhere in Sweden. Lily shrieked as she plunged into the semi-frozen lake, her arms flailing as she went under. Her head broke the surface a minute later, and she spluttered, coughing as she violently shook. Jane and Brianna pulled her up as I turned. One by one, the others joined us.
“Who teleported us?” I asked and glanced around. It was early morning in Sweden, but still completely dark.
“I did,” Alecta said and smiled. I turned to her and smiled back.
“How lovely,” I said and stared at her. “We meet again.” She was dressed in black jeans, a baby blue sweatshirt, and her hair was, once again, purple.
“I wish it was under better circumstances, but…” she paused and shrugged.
“Likewise,” I agreed as a swirling portal popped into existence off to her left. “Are they already there?”
“Yes, you’re the last group to arrive.” Murderous rage was so thick in the air, I couldn’t even breathe, let alone think.
“Well, no pomp and circumstance for us, then.” I smiled. “Too bad.” Sighing, I shook my head. “Shall we get going? After all, I so hate to keep Roxana waiting.” Alecta ducked her head and nodded. Her magic slammed into us, pulling us toward the portal and through it like a fucking freight train. Everything went dark, and I did my best not to puke up my guts, because, you know, that wouldn’t be very dignified of me. I still had some left. All I could hear was the roaring of the wind as the portal did its best to tear me apart. Or squeeze me to death.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-six

The reddish-black sky of hell greeted me as I slammed hard into the ground. Face first, too, I might add. The portal vanished with a pop, and my world spun as I tried to reorient myself. My stomach churned, and my head throbbed in time with my pounding heart. Nearby, Alecta stood patiently and watched us, her hands crackling with void and necromantic magic. I groaned and rolled onto my back. The cool sulfuric wind breezed around us, and I couldn’t decide if I wanted to throw up or strangle Alecta. Oh wait… I flashed to my feet and lunged for the witch. I grabbed her around the throat and squeezed. She instinctively grabbed my wrists, but didn’t struggle as I squeezed harder. I resisted the urge to snap her neck. Instead, I lifted her off her feet and threw her as hard as I could. She flew across the span of dark red packed dirt for about half a mile, before slamming into the thick trunk of a tree that was the color of ash. She crumbled unconscious to the ground, blood pouring from a headwound. I didn’t have to wait long for Roxana, herself, to appear. An invisible force grabbed me and lifted me into the air. A strangled scream escaped my throat as the feeling of being flayed alive came over me. For all I knew, I was. “Now, Jailyn, that was not nice.” She dropped me, but the pain didn’t let up for a second. Instead, it got worse. I let it all out. I screamed. “How would you like it if I did that to Casiar, hmm?” I was too busy still screaming to answer her. She finally eased up on the pain, and I could, once again, breathe. Not that I needed to, to begin with, but old habits die hard and all that.
“I had to make an entrance,” I wheezed and smiled through the pain.
“Do you, now?”
“I am known for it.”
“Yes,” she said, amused. “So I have heard.” In the distance, I could barely make her out through the hazy fog that was my vision. She pulled her bleeding wrist from Alecta and straightened from her crouch. “So tell me, Jailyn—”
“My clever plan to take you down?” I asked, and I nearly passed out as I pushed myself into a sitting position.
“No,” she said and smirked as she walked toward us. “I gave up on that. As a matter-of-fact, I like to be surprised.” She crouched before me and stroked her ice-cold fingers through my hair, tilting my head back until I was looking her in the eye. “So, surprise me, Jailyn.” I bared my fangs at her, but remained silent. “I will not even read you or anyone else’s minds.” She glanced around and smiled. “After thousands of years, I still admire you. You do realize this, do you not?”
“I… thank you?”
She chuckled. “You are welcome.” She released me and inclined her head, her eyes missing nothing. “And you, Freya.” In a heartbeat, she was crouching before the enraged witch. “You are very wise, patient, tenacious, and stubborn to your very core.” She reached out and stroked a finger along her cheek. I half expected Freya to bite her hand off, but she didn’t. “Even now, you still fight your beast. Admirable of you. I was hoping that you would let her out, but you did not. You allowed yourself to bleed, to endure the pain for as long as possible. But hear me, and hear me well, Freya Vikanich. You do not have control over your hunger, nor the beast inside you. You are just hanging on by a thread.” Roxana sighed and pulled her hand back. She stood and walked over to Tristan. Stopping before him, she inclined her head. “And Tristan, my special child. You took a gambled risk when you killed Soren and Ulrika. Imagine my surprise when they figured it out. It took them five thousand years, mind you. Five. Thousand. Long. Agonizing. Years. I almost killed them. Oh, how I wanted to kill them and start all over.” She took in a deep breath and slowly let it out. “In the end, I am glad I stayed my own hands. After all, you came along. You, your brothers and sisters that make up the original ten members of the Tronis bloodline.” She chuckled. “Oh, how far you have all come over the millennia. You have done well.” She looked around and nodded to herself. Look at them, Jailyn, she said into my mind. Their trust in you is so great, it makes my head hurt. Did you give them an elixir of passiveness? Hardly, I thought as I looked around at the vampires, witches, and the one demon with me. Silent and motionless as they were, they were aware of everything around them, even the witches. Roxana silently laughed as she came to a stop in front of me. “But enough of that for now. The others are waiting.” With a pained hiss, I got to my feet and joined the others that came with me through the portal. Roxana walked back to Alecta and pulled her up into her arms. A split second later, everything went dark as she teleported, taking us with her.
The scent of fresh blood smacked me in the face as we appeared beside an opening that was nestled into the side of a smooth cliff. A few feet to my right was the churning fiery pit of souls; their wails and cries of despair and agony were so loud in the silence that they made my ears bleed. Roxana nodded to the opening, and after a long moment, Ari pulled away from Tristan and ducked inside. Tristan and Brianna quickly followed her, and one by one, we stepped into a small cave. Roxana was the last to enter, and my skin crawled as she sealed off the entrance, oily black tendrils of magic coiling and writhing before dissipating altogether. The feel of evil clung to her like a second skin, and I shuddered as she drew near. It was like being cocooned in a spiderweb, the filaments sticky and cold to the touch. “Come,” she said and led the way. Silently, we followed her into a low tunnel. Most of us had to crouch in order to go through it. Luckily, it wasn’t for long. I was relieved when we exited into a larger cave. There was nothing but fragments of bones scattered all over the floor, and somewhere off in the distance, I could hear the crackling of a fire. Roxana led us down several very steep inclines and through twists and turns within the network of tunnels. As we traverse the system of caves, the fire grew louder and louder by the minute. Also, I could hear hisses, growls and snarls, along with moans and groans of agony. After what seemed like an eternity, she stopped before another steep incline that went down for miles. Okay, it was for only twenty feet or so, but it might as well be miles away. In the center of the largest cave that I’ve seen so far, Amaya stood in a summoning circle, glaring at everyone that was present through a curtain of hellfire. I glanced around and spotted Sathia standing off to one side, her expression stoic. “Come, come,” Roxana said, and I held back a yelp as an invisible force lifted us, propelling us forward and down. For the third time, I slammed hard into the ground. I groaned as everything hurt. Whatever Roxana did to me earlier, it still hurt like a fucking bitch. I pushed myself to my hands and knees, before getting to my feet. There were a lot of supernaturals around, and I inwardly cringed as they all turned their hostility on Tristan, Freya, and myself. Great, I thought. Just. Fucking. Great. There was going to be a lynch mob before the fun even began. What the hell? It was not amusing in the slightest. I shook my head at them and turned to the circle. It was enclosed in another circle of blood runes, and outside of the runes was a huge ring of crackling hellfire that nearly reached the ceiling. Roxana walked through it like it was water and not something that could melt someone in less than a heartbeat. She appeared unscathed on the other side and smiled at Amaya, who glared silently back at her. “I will save you for last,” she said, and her eyes turned from ice-blue to blood-red in a flash. “But first, I need to charge you up.” An ornate athame appeared in her hand as she turned and walked out of the circle. The hilt of the weapon was black; the grip wrapped in dark blue leather. The silver blade gleamed in the firelight, and the deadly tip was pointed and slightly curved. Roxana stabbed the dagger into the nearest demon’s gut, burying it up to the hilt before yanking it free. Black blood arced through the air, and the closest group of vampires to her quickly got out of the way. “Thank you for your service,” she said to him and smiled. “I will not forget it.” Her smiled grew creepier as a ripple passed through the crowd. Her free hand shot out and sent his head rolling. It bounced once, twice, thrice, before coming to a rest at the feet of one of her witches. She stepped away in disgust and kicked it into the fire. The rest of the daemon’s body was lifted into the air, and it exploded into a black cloud of smoke that drifted toward Roxana and poured down her throat.
“What are you going to do?” someone in the crowd asked nervously.
“Quiet, whelp,” she growled, and then glared at the witch who had kicked the head into the fire. “Do something like that again, and I will be sure to make your death memorable. Do I make myself clear?”
The witch in question trembled and nodded vigorously. “Please, forgive me.”
“You are a pathetic excuse for a witch. It is astounding beyond comprehension that the race did not go extinct centuries ago,” she hissed ferociously and spun to face us. Ouch, I thought and winced. God fucking damn, that had to burn. I glanced over at Freya, who was nodding in agreement with Roxana. I smirked, even as I pressed the heels of my hands hard into my temples. I let out a heavy sigh and leaned back against Casiar, who had moved up behind me and pulled me into his arms. I allowed my strength to leave me, forcing him to take all of my weight. Freya gave me a weary smile and inclined her head, as if saying, “I feel your pain”. “Now then,” Roxana said, sounding way calmer than a couple of minutes ago. “Shall we get started?”
“Get started with what?” someone else in the crowd yelled. I closed my eyes and prayed for something, anything to strike me dead. Anything was surely better than witnessing stupidity in its full glory. “Come here, sweetheart.” At that, my eyes popped open, and I stared, as the idiot in question nervously approached her. She waited patiently, because… well, she had all the time in the fucking world. After a long, painful few minutes of my life, the young fledgling reached her and stopped before her. He shifted from foot to foot as he looked anywhere else but her face. He seriously needed to attend etiquette school, or something close to it, because he was a millisecond away from losing something that was very vital to his continued existence. “So tell me,” Roxana said in a conversational tone, as if she wasn’t going to rip out his spinal cord in the next thirty seconds. Not at all. “Do you have a habit of interrupting people?”
“I… uh… I…”
She smiled. “Do you suddenly have a problem constructing comprehensible sentences?” He blinked. “You seemed to lose the ability to hold a simple conversation. Is this a common occurrence?”
“Uh…”
“Ah, tsk-tsk.”
“What?” She rolled her eyes so hard; I thought they were going to permanently remained looking into the back of her head.
“Who is your sire, child?”
“I don’t know.”
She nodded and glanced over at us. “Who here has claimed this child as their own? I advised that you come forth at once. If not, well…” She didn’t finish the rest of her sentences, she didn’t have to. When no one stepped forward after a couple of minutes of nothing but the crackling of the fire, she took a step back and eyed the young fledgling up and down. “Do you know who I am?” she asked him curiously.
“Um, no?”
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully and nodded. “I guess that you are in luck, then.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
She smirked. “Will someone here be gracious enough to kindly inform this child of my identity? It would be ashamed if he is left out for much longer.” She inhaled deeply, and her eyes seemed to pulse as a low, warning growl escaped her throat. A young female vampire with dark blonde hair slowly raised her hand, as if we were in class and not, say, in a cavern and about to die within the next hour. Tops. Roxana nodded to her and arched an eyebrow.
“That is Roxana,” the youngling said in a rush. “She is a conduit to the devil.”
“Hmm, that I am.” The fledgling standing in front of her spluttered as his fear rose, thickening the air with the scent of it. “And I grow weary of this farce.” She gave him a cold, tight smile and slipped the athame into a sheath that was strapped to her right thigh. “Come, my child, come to me.”
“No. Why—?”
“Come,” she repeated, interrupting him. Pulled by some invisible force, he took a step toward her. He struggled against her will, but it was no use as she reached out a pale hand and wrapped her fingers around his upper arm. He opened his mouth to probably scream or call out for help, but unfortunately for him, no sound came out. Roxana pulled him close and opened her own mouth, revealing her razor-sharp, shark-like teeth, two sets of fangs, and a pink tongue that tapered to a point. At the end of it was a hollow, tube-like needle that dripped venom; a very familiar-looking venom at that. She leaned in and slowly pushed the flat side of her tongue against the fledgling’s neck, growling as she withdrew it and stabbed the needle into him. Baring her teeth, she bit into him with a feral snarl. We watched as his skin quickly turned brittle and grey. Roxana held the paralyzed vampire in a loose, gentle hold as she fed. After a few seconds, she pulled back with a loud slurp. I grimaced at the brief view of the black goopy-like substance that was a mix of blood and liquified innards, a split second before she snapped her mouth shut and swallowed it. She dropped the lifeless corpse with a contented sigh, and it crumbled to dust as it struck the cave floor. Someone let out a terrified squeak, and I couldn’t blame them for their reaction. “Now then,” Roxana said cheerfully and kicked at the pile of dust that used to be a living thing a minute ago. “Where was I?” When no one answered, she smiled and withdrew her dagger. She turned to one of her vampires and frowned as she tapped a finger against the flat side of the blade. “Any volunteers?” Silence. “Very well, all of you will do.” Without warning, she struck with lightning speed. As the first vampire fell dead, followed by one after another in quick succession, the eight remaining members that made up the Tronis bloodline began to grunt and groan in pain. Casiar’s arms around me tightened to the point of adding more pain to the agony I was already in. I grunted and elbowed him as I straightened. It, however, only lasted a second. She somehow cut them off from feeling their deaths. Well, all of them except for Tristan, who was taking deep breaths through his nose and out his mouth. If anything, the pain was growing worse by the second. Blood began to trickle from his eyes, ears and nose as she fought through it. Roxana was moving so fast that even I couldn’t keep track of her movements. She stabbed each one of them through the heart, and they let out bloodcurdling screams as their heart slowly melted within their chests. When she finally stopped her whirlwind attack, only one vampire remained. I took him to be the leader of the bunch that were sizzling on the floor. A short distance from me, Tristan was on all fours. Only Ari and Skyler’s arms around him kept him from fully going down. The only sound was the rhythmic drip, drip, drip of his blood splashing against the floor. I did a quick body count and winced. In total, there were about a hundred or more corpses around Roxana. She smiled and glanced at me. “Not to worry, that was just the beginning.” Her dagger hand shot out, stabbing into the last of the vampires with her. I held back a hiss as he all but went up in flames. The hellfire that was the size and shape of a humanoid condensed and elongated, until it was just a thick tendril of red-hot flame. It shot toward Roxana, who calmly held up the dagger and channeled it into the weapon. Guttural sounds escaped her throat as a black cloud formed around her, swirling and pulsing. There was a whoosh, and then I hit the floor as the oppressive weight of her aura flared to life. Tristan screamed and passed out a moment later, pulling Ari and several others under with him as several vampires, shifters, witches, necromancers, and demons alike either exploded into a million pieces or had their brains imploded. I growled an incantation, my heart thundering in my ears as a black dome-like barrier sprang up around me and anyone I could reach. Fuck! Fuck-fuck-fuck! Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuuuuuck! I silently screamed as Roxana’s aura pushed relentlessly against me. Open to me! Casiar snarled into my mind. Now! I did, and I almost lost control of the spell as strength rushed into me like a tidal wave. “How long do you think you can keep this up, Jailyn?” Roxana asked over the screams of the others. I ignored her and mentally reached out to the four covens that were on standby. Half of them were in Sweden while the other half were somewhere nearby in hell. Now! I telepathically yelled at them. Start now! Whatever happens, do! Not! Stop! Is that clear? Vad som än händer, gör! Inte! Sluta! Without waiting for a reply, I pulled back, snarling as I pushed against Roxana. Grunting with effort and ignoring the agony I was in, I took in a deep breath and strode toward her.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-seven

“Well, well, well,” Roxana mused. “What is this?” The pressure of her aura slowly receded, and I inwardly sighed with relief. I reluctantly dropped the barrier, but remained on high alert for anything. “Did you come forward so that you can talk me out of it?”
“No.”
“Oh? Then, pray tell, why did you come up to me?”
“Why are you doing this?”
She smiled. “Because it amuses me.”
“I call bullshit.” My world narrowed, until there was no one else but she and I. “You can tell me. No one is listening. They are too busy making friends with agony, torment, and misery.”
She chuckled. “Is that your plan? Be my friend? My… confidante?”
“Is it working?”
“Hmm,” she said thoughtfully. “No, it is not.”
“Pity,” I said with a sigh. “Well, you cannot say that I did not try.”
“I agree. That, I cannot.”
“So.” I gestured around us and arched an eyebrow in question.
“Very well,” she replied and squinted at me. “I wish to not be forcibly returned to the void. I wish to return of my own free-will.” She smiled. “I am a victim in all this, and I wish to not be any longer.”
“I… see.”
“Do you?” she asked softly and smiled. It was a cruel smile. “Do you? Truly?” I inclined my head and shrugged. Her smile turned into an evil grin, and she did a slow clap, looking like Christmas had come nine months early. Hmm, too bad it was only early March, or… was it mid-March. Oh, fuck it. Who was keeping up with the times, anyway? I sure as hell wasn’t. Hell, another ten thousand years could have gone by, and I wouldn’t have even notice the passage of time. Roxana stopped clapping, still chuckling under her breath as her eyes wandered over the large crowd. “You have not sired many over the millennia, have you?”
I frowned. “I have not.”
“Why is that?” she stared deep into my eyes, and I resisted the urge to look away from her.
“Oh, you know how it is, necromancy is a fickle bastard to get along with.”
“Spreading the art, all the while not succumbing to his insidious whispers.” She laughed softly, highly amused. “Only you, Jailyn. Only you would find a way.” She sighed. “But alas, not all are as strong-willed as you are.” She smiled. “Are they?” Before I could reply, she tore into the nearest necromancer to her.
“Fuck!” I yelled and barely got out of her way.
“Such crude language,” she said casually and laughed as she disemboweled three more necromancers before the rest could react. I didn’t even try to stop her. After all, she was doing my work for me. Yes, her power was growing after each sacrifice, but I needed all of my energy for what was to come at the end. Even with the help of Freya, channeling and simultaneously protecting everyone in the cavern and elsewhere was no easy feat. Especially when I knew for a fact that she was going to try and kill me. Ugh. I winced, unable to imagine the pain she was in as supernaturals quickly dropped dead at her feet, one by one. She smacked heads from shoulders, tore out spines and snapped bones like they were toothpicks. The screams were deafening to my ears as she eviscerated them. Oh, they fought back; biting, clawing, throwing souls and spells around, but they were no match for Roxana. I flashed around the cavern, avoiding as much blood and guts as I could as Freya and I dragged the injured and the unconscious up the steep incline. Lily, Jane, and Hannah, who were the only human witches with us, had so many protective spells around them that it felt like I was carrying live bombs instead of people. Lucky for them, they were blissfully unaware. I wish I was, too, I thought wistfully as I set Lily down next to her sisters. I placed a hand on Brianna’s head, putting her into a deeper sleep. At some point, Casiar, Elijah, Riordan, Rebecka, Cailin, Allia, and Evelyn passed out, joining Tristan in dreamland. Or was it considered a nightmare? Freya, Sven, Brynna, and Raina stood over them and their children as I went back to Roxana. Out in the wide world, I knew that many more vampires were unconscious. I just hoped that they weren’t in a compromised position when it all happened. While everything was happening, Amaya, Sathia, and Zavar hadn’t move, other than to duck and dodge. The only ones untouched were the imps, who were hovering near the ceiling, clinging to it as they scuttled and flew around in a silent panic. If the situation wasn’t so dire, I would have applauded them. Usually, they were loud and generally fucking annoying. “Why did you do that?” Roxana asked as she saw me. Blood and gore was everywhere. There wasn’t even room on the floor for me to step in. The others, who were able to stand on their own, gave me a wide birth as I walked past them. Roxana growled, tearing into a screaming necromancer with her teeth and ripping out his throat. Instead of spitting it out, she swallowed it. Half a dozen souls rushed her, but she just spread her arms wide and open her mouth. She absorbed each one of them, and I watched as the souls either turned into a cloud of smoke and sank into her skin, or she inhaled them into herself. I glanced around at the five remaining necromancers and shrugged at them. You guys got yourselves into this situation in the first place, you can get yourselves out of it. Cruel of me? Perhaps. But I did warn them, and did they listen? No. The souls kept coming, and Roxana kept right on eating.
“Stop that!” I finally snarled at them, just about had it with their stupidity. “You’re just making her that much more stronger, you fucking idiots!” I reached out, tearing their souls from them and redirecting them toward me. Roxana dropped her arms and gave me a pout as I inhaled one soul after another in quick succession, and then it was a race as she and I began ripping souls and inhaling them like they were candy. Oh man, soul overdose. Was there such a thing? The necromancers screamed and writhed on the floor; some of them even begging for us to stop, but we didn’t. Strength and energy poured into me in waves, and I shuddered as everything became even more heightened than it already was. When it was over, the necromancers were so weak that they passed out.
“How many did you get?” Roxana asked, and she looked fucking high as hell or drunk. Maybe it was both, because I felt like I was floating on cloud nine, blissfully weightless and… yeah. Lust was riding me hard. So hard in fact, I thought I was going to die from the pleasure of it alone. I was surprise that I could even focus on other things at all, let alone think logically and rationally.
“I was not keeping track,” I said and shuddered violently.
“I did not, either.” She smiled and let out a dreamy sigh. “It is a shame that I cannot fit in an orgy or two. Hmm, too bad.” Yes, please, fit in a couple of orgies, I thought. That way, the necromancers and witches up top could have more time to finish the ritual. Although, it would be torturous and sad for me, because I couldn’t join in the fun. I had more pressing matters to deal with. Like… slowly weakening her, for instance. Roxana sighed and casually walked to each necromancer, stabbing them through the heart with the demon blood-coated dagger. As she stabbed the last one, he went up in flames like the vampire did. She repeated the process of channeling the fire into the dagger and straightened to her full height. She looked over at the shifters and witches, smirking as she walked toward them. “Hmm, whom to slaughter next?” At that, they ran. Or tried to. A wave of darkness rose before them, and I winced as it swept over all of them, slamming them to the floor like a tsunami. “Now, now, not so fast. I promise to make it quick.” With that, she was, once again, a whirlwind of death and destruction. I left her to it and flashed to Freya’s side.
“How are you holding up?” I asked in a loud whisper.
“I could ask the same of you,” the witch replied in a hollow tone. She smiled. “I have been better.”
“How is it that you are still yourself?”
“Ah,” she said with a pained sigh. “My sire has compelled me to not partake.”
“You are hurting.”
“Very much so.”
“When you say “compel”, how do you mean?”
“He has compelled me via the sire bond and the control of my mind.” Well, fuck, I thought and frowned. I could overrode the mind compulsion on her, but I couldn’t override the sire bond. Actually, I didn’t know if I could even do that much. Tristan was older than me in vampire years, but then again, I was also a demon. Hmm. “What is it that you are thinking?”
“I wish for you to feed. It does not matter who takes down the…” I looked over at Roxana and hissed out a breath. “Witches,” I continued. “So long as she stabs the leaders with the dagger.” Raina and I grabbed her as she began to convulse. She screamed as fangs shot from her gums and claws sprang from her fingertips.
“Say it is time!” she yelled at me.
“What?”
“Say it!” She gasped, groaning as Raina and I held her between us. “It is a trigger phrase. Say it to break it.” Clever bastard, I thought and looked her in the eye. I delved into her mind and quickly found Tristan’s clear instructions to her.
“Freya,” I said calmly. “Are you listening?” With an effort, she pulled herself together and nodded.
“I am.”
I took in a deep breath and nodded. “It is time.” Before she could tear us to pieces, I rolled her. Her eyes, which turned feral the moment I said the triggered phrase, glazed over as my compulsion slammed into her. “Do not kill the leader and those on our side. Do not try to kill Roxana. Do you understand?”
“I understand,” she said, her voice coming out guttural and garbled. Raina stepped aside, and I released her, both physically and mentally. An enraged, bloodcurdling scream tore from her, and Roxana paused in her slaughtering of the shifters. She looked at her and smiled.
“Come, Freya,” she said and dropped what looked suspiciously like a lung and a spleen. They made a sickening splat sound as they struck the floor. “Join me.” Freya snarled and bared her fangs at her. She launched her self at her, but before she could impact with Roxana, she changed course and savagely bit into one of the wolves’ throats. Snarling, she hung on, feeding as if she hadn’t tasted blood before in her life. After a moment, she tossed him aside and launched herself at the next one. A disc of red-hot fire tore from her hand and into a panther leaping for her. It sliced him from his head to his tail, and the two halves of him fell to either side, covering her and drenching her completely with blood and innards that sizzled in the cool air. Another scream tore from her, and I winced at the sound of snapping bones and the multiple squelching removals of something vital. Roxana stood out of the way, watching. Freya finished off the last of the shifters and moved onto the witches, who were flinging spells at her like they were in a god damn competition to see who could hit her first, uncaring of who was in the way. With a smirk, Roxana casually walked between the witches, blocking incoming spells and giving Freya what she needed most, which was blood. Naturally. For whatever reason, she was allowing her to feed. She had a plan. I had a plan. We all have plans. Can we just fucking scream for ice cream now? I looked around and spotted Alecta, who had apparently regained consciousness and was trying to hide behind a broken section of the wall. I flashed over to her, and I smirked as she let out a yelp, her sky-blue eyes going wide.
“Not to worry,” I said in an audible whisper. “I will not throw you halfway around the globe again.” She nodded, looking like she didn’t believe me in the slightest. I was good at keeping my word, damn it. Why couldn’t people see that? I inwardly sighed and grumbled under my breath as I crouched beside Roxana’s mate. “Powerful as you are,” I mused. “You are not much of a fighter, are you?” She shrugged. “I have a question.” She inclined her head and waited for me to continue. “Would you do anything for her?” She nodded. “Would you die for her?” She stiffened, but after a long moment, she nodded. “I am glad to hear it.”
Frowning, she eyed me suspiciously. “Why do you ask?”
I smirked. “Just double checking my facts, is all. Nothing to worry about.”
“Oh, I doubt that very much.”
“Doubt me all you like.” I smiled. “I assure you, you will thank me for it later. Both of you will. Provided that it goes off without any… complications, of course.”
“What are you talking about?”
“If I give away all of my secrets, it would not be a surprise, would it, now?”
“I do not like surprises.”
“yes , you do.” I straightened and inclined my head to her, smirking. “Otherwise, you would have not taken Roxana as your mate. She is full of secrets, that one.” Giving her one last nod, I walked away.
“Had a nice talk with the uber witch?” Raina asked as I returned.
“I did,” I said and shrugged.
“So?”
“We must wake them.”
She nodded. “Anyone in particular?”
“Tristan, as well as his siblings. Once they wake, the others will soon follow.”
“Well,” she said with a sigh. “Here goes nothing.” I followed Sven over to Tristan and knelt beside Ari. I put a hand on her shoulder and took in a deep breath. Reaching into her mind, I poked at her with a metaphorical finger. Well, it was more like a jab. She came awake with a loud gasp, and only my hand pressing down on her shoulder kept her from getting up. It was soon followed by the sound of Tristan snarling, and a very loud, long string of epithets from Sven as he tried not to get his head ripped off. With a roar, his sire surged upward and all but sent him flying into the nearest wall. Freya suddenly came out of nowhere, and I winced as Tristan let out an enraged scream. Without a word, she dropped him with a single telekinetic force that easily held him to the floor, as if it took no effort at all on her part. It was something like: “Hold up just a second, Roxana, I need to drop Tristan on his ass. Be with you in less than five.” As for Tristan, he was piiiiissed as fuck, and understandably so, too. But no matter how hard he strained against the spell, it got him nowhere. Ari’s hand was suddenly a vise around my wrist, and I grunted as I glanced down at her. To be honest, I kind of half-forgotten that I was preventing her from getting to him. I covered her hand with my own, giving it a reassuring squeeze before releasing her and pulling back. She was at Tristan’s side in a flash.
“Oh, Jailyn. Freya,” Roxana called out to us in a singsong voice. I didn’t bother to hide it, I shivered. “What are you two doing?” I turned and just stared at her. She was standing in a river of blood and gore, like she was standing in the middle of a fucking pool of tranquility, or some shit like it. All around me, the survivors screamed at her, cursed at her, or just tried in vain to escape. They flowed around us like eddies, only to be dragged back by her, furiously flailing at unseen foes only they could see. “Nothing to say?” She pouted. “You disappoint me.”
I rolled my eyes. “Should I apologize?” I asked dryly.
“You know, Jailyn, if you were anyone else, I would kill you for your insolence.”
“I know.” Red-hot agony suddenly exploded in my head before quickly spreading throughout my entire body. I screamed, falling backward as I fought vehemently not to pass out. Over my screams, I heard Casiar, who was also screaming. Sathia and Zavar finally left their position, they, along with Jesric, flew at Casiar and grabbed him, holding him back from attacking Roxana. If they were anyone else, they would have been tossed around like ragdolls, or worse, instantly killed. Arms caught me before my head could make friends with the uneven hard floor of the cave. My vision darkened, swimming in and out of focus as my insides made their displeasure known to me by evacuating my body in the most painful, violent way possible. Another wave of red-hot agony slammed into me, and I passed out, gladly welcoming the darkness of nothing but silence.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-eight

Oh, Jailyn, Roxana sang into my mind. Wakey-wakey-wakey. Wake up. Wake up, now. I gasped, wheezing in agony as I tried to gather myself. That’s it. Wake up, now. As my senses slowly returned to me, I realized that someone was stroking my hair and whispering soothing words in my ear. Thankfully, it wasn’t the personified devil herself. Otherwise, I would have done something I’d truly regret. Like, on a world-annihilation level kind of regret. Brianna must have regained consciousness shortly after I passed out. On that thought, I wondered how long I have been out. I tried to open my eyes and quickly dismissed the idea as pain exploded in my head. “Brianna, be a sweetheart and feed your sire. I cannot have her remain in this state.” The stroking and the whispering stopped, and I moaned in pain as she handed me over to Ari. Shit, what in the world’s fuck did that fucking bitch do to me? “And Casiar, you trying to attack me is cute. Please, cease and desist at once. It is so unbecoming of you.” He did as he was told, but so much rage was pouring off him, I was surprise that the cave was still standing. She smiled. “Besides, you are setting a terrible example for the children. Is that not right, Brianna?”
“Uh…” my child said as she brought her bleeding wrist close to me. Hot, sweet, sweet witch blood poured into my mouth, and I all but moaned as I sank my fangs deep into her wrist and swallowed the much, much needed sustenance down my abused throat. After a long moment, when my insides didn’t feel like they were being puréed, I forced myself to retract my fangs and release her. “Feeling better?” Roxana asked and slowly approached the summoning circle. Oh, shit, I thought and silently groaned. I am so not ready for this, I muttered to myself and slowly opened my eyes. I didn’t have to see her to know what she was doing, I could fucking sense her like a god damn beacon. She stopped before the curtain of hellfire and stuck her dagger into it. She stepped through a second later and turned. Opening her mouth, she inhaled the fire into herself, until there was nothing left but the rune-enclosed circle. The smell of death, sulfur and smoke hung heavily in the air, making it impossible to breathe. If the humans weren’t being protected by layer upon layer of spells, they would have been dead long, long before it even began. I sighed, and then winced, because breathing on its own was painful.
“Yes,” I said and tried not to gasp in pain. “Thank you for asking.”
“How glib of you to think so.” Ari’s arms trembled around me and tightened slightly. Not from fear, no. It was from rage. Oh, it didn’t mean she wasn’t afraid, she was just angry enough that her rage overpowered the fear. If someone here wasn’t afraid of Roxana, even in the slightest bit? They were either too arrogant or too stupid for their own good. I grabbed Ari’s arm and used it to steady myself as I pulled away from her. She and Brianna rose with me as I got to my feet. All around me, I could hear groans and moans of pain, eerily echoing throughout the cavern. The constant drip, drip, drip of blood hitting the floor only added to the eeriness of it all. I felt like I was in one of those god damn horror flix. Why? Just… why? “Amaya,” Roxana mused and walked toward her. “Are you alive in there, or did you suddenly become a statue?”
The succubus blinked and shook herself. “I was enjoying the show,” she said flatly and smirked. “It was… entertaining, to say the least.”
“Was it, now?” she asked and stopped before the demon. Amaya just stared at her, her expression stoic. Roxana’s hand shot out, and Amaya let out a strangled scream of pain as she stabbed the dagger into her gut. Roxana yanked the weapon free, and the moment Amaya’s blood struck the floor, the air thickened, becoming more oppressive as a swirling vortex of a portal popped into existence behind the succubus.
“Oh no,” Jordana muttered under her breath. “No-no-no. No-no-no-no-no-no. Not happening. It’s not happening. Not happening.” Roxana ignored her as the young vampire continued to mutter to herself. “I’m just seeing things. Right, just seeing things. Nothing to worry about.” I glanced over at her, and she shook her head vigorously as she mumbled something I couldn’t make out. I mentally reached out to Riana, a sigh of relief escaping me as I made contact. Get them chanting,” I silently said to her. Remember, whatever happens, don’t stop. No matter the cost. After a brief hesitation on her part, she gave me a mental nod of assent. Understood, she replied with a heavy sigh. Good luck, Jailyn. With that, she broke the connection. Good luck to you as well, I silently muttered as I carefully made my way toward Roxana. I suddenly got punched in the face by a random female vampire, and while I was busy cursing her out in several languages, she got her head ripped off by an enraged Ari for her troubles. I would have laughed, but it was so not the time for it. Besides, if I did laugh, I was seventy-five percent sure that she would rip my head off, too. Taking a deep breath, I released Isra from my control. Her shadowy self took form beside me, and before anyone could gasp or shout out in surprise, she flew toward the portal like it was an escape from the hounds of hell. Roxana blinked, slightly startled as we watched her watch Isra. Jordana moaned as she continued to mutter unintelligibly under her breath. Something invisible grabbed Isra, and her form wavered slightly as her hands shot out and snatched a hold of… whatever it was. She yanked hard, and her form shot back several feet from the portal. She strained against the force, and a tug-of-war began, with her as the target. Roxana’s eyes widened, and a surprised gasp escaped her as she doubled over in pain. No time like the present, I thought and inwardly cringed. Bracing myself, I took in a deep breath and gathered my magic to me. Roxana sucked in a breath and straightened with a laugh.
“Woo!” she exclaimed and smiled at me. “That tickles!”
“I am glad that you enjoyed it,” I drawled as a hissing, pained breath escaped her.
“Please, enlightened me. What did you do?”
“Honestly? Nothing.”
“Oh, is that so?”
“Yes.”
“Hmm. Why do I not believe you?”
I shrugged. “Trust no one is always a sound advice.”
“True enough.” A second later, a very bloody and unconscious form of Kira appeared, and she hit the floor with a crunch. It was Tristan’s turn to be forcibly held back. I grabbed the fledgling, tossing her through the air like a baseball. At the same time, I unleashed a wall of darkness at Roxana. She flew back like she was shot from a cannon at high velocity. She smashed into the wall several hundred feet behind her and straight through it. The sound of crumbling stones striking floor was loud to my ears as Brynna, Raina, Sven, Liana, Cole, Ari, and several others propelled themselves at the devil’s conduit. The shifters transformed midair, while deadly spells flew passed them. They tore into Roxana, and while all that was going on, I ran toward Tristan and Freya.
“I have her,” Freya said the moment I reached her side, and to prove her point, Alecta’s bloodcurdling screams rang out over the sounds of the others screaming, snapping bones and snarls. “Get her out,” she growled at Tristan and telekinetically lifted Kira and pushing her at him. Without a word, he was gone. He didn’t go far, however. He reappeared a couple of seconds later, a void dagger in his hand and blood pouring from him like he was a fountain. Only Freya’s arms around him kept him upright. Alecta’s screams were so loud that it deafened me to the point where everything sounded muffled and far away to me. I glanced at Freya, blinking at the slight crimson glow emanating from her. Shifters, vampires, witches, necromancers and demons alike were tossed around like toys as Roxana fought back, ripping into them like someone out for revenge. Alecta kept on screaming, and Freya kept at it, slowly increasing the strength of whatever spell she was using. Whatever it was, it was slowly killing her. Roxana might be safe from death, but her mate was sure as hell not.
“Freya!” Roxana screamed over the chaotic sounds of battle. Freya yanked the void dagger from Tristan and turned to her. A wave of darkness slammed into us, seeping into us like ice-cold fingers of death. It lifted us into the air, throwing us back before slamming us against the floor. Pain exploded along my entire body, and I screamed as several somethings snapped, popped, and tore inside me. Fire as hot as hellfire itself licked along my insides as I sucked in a breath. I let it out in a bloodcurdling scream of agony as I was held paralyzed.
“Fuuuuuck!” I screamed as Freya pulled herself toward me. With the willpower that was beyond possible, she raised the dagger and stabbed it deep into my gut.
“Let go!” she snarled, blood pouring out of her as she shuddered violently in agony and the ice-numbing cold of Roxana’s power. “Now!” With another scream, I released my magic, and as she channeled it, things in my head began to rupture and pop, one by one. An ice-cold hand grabbed me up and pulled me free of the dagger before she could. No matter, the connection was already established. With what strength I could muster, I mentally reached for her. Get to Jordana. Tell her it is time. She will know. Roxana hauled me to her, and I screamed as a million serrated knives tore into me, over, and over, and over. All I could see was darkness, and all I could feel was pain. So. Much. Pain.
“What is this?” Roxana snarled into my ear. Another scream tore from me as the bonds linking us all together in one way or another flared to life, opening us wide to each other. I realized quickly that whatever Roxana was doing to me, she was doing the same to everyone else, along with minor changes here and there. For instance, she was breaking everything inside Tristan’s head, healing him, and repeating the process. And I mean everything. Roxana screamed, but her power over us didn’t faulter, not even for a second. Her arms tightened around me, cutting off my screams as she tried her damnedest to squeeze me to death. More things snapped and crushed within me, and I was beginning to wonder how I was still alive, let alone conscious. Another scream tore out of Roxana, and hot blood drenched me as she began to violently cough. She snarled, her entire body spasming as she fought the covens of witches up top. “What is this?” she repeated, letting out a bloodcurdling scream as Alecta finally passed out. Before she did, however, she broke the soul capsule that held more than a thousand souls inside, unable to fight Freya’s punishing hold on her. They rushed toward the witch like a tide of shadows. Freya screamed even louder as she was lifted to her feet and bounced off the ceiling, the floor, the walls. Gripping the dagger tighter, she twisted in midair and propelled herself at Riordan. The dagger slammed into his chest, and I silently screamed as the dagger stabbed into his heart. I was watching all this through Roxana, so I saw the moment Jordana struggled to her feet and drunkenly stumbled her way to Isra and the portal. Sven and Liana would have stopped her if they could. Roxana’s body arched, and she screamed as something stabbed her from behind. She finally dropped me, and I crumbled to the floor in a heap. I puked up what was left of my blood as she savagely tore into my mind. I was only glad that she hadn’t done it earlier. As Freya killed Rebecka, Cailin, and allia, I felt my brain cells rapidly deteriorating by the second as the overwhelming, heartrending death bond took hold. If I was sobbing like a baby, I couldn’t tell, nor did I care, for that matter. Roxana let out another bloodcurdling scream, and I sensed her running for Amaya, Freya hot in pursuit.
“No!” Tristan roared, and I wanted to—so bad—know what had just happened, other than the sacrifice of his four siblings. “Do not do it!”
“I must!” Freya screamed at him as sobs of agony tore from her. Roxana, once again, screamed, and I quickly slipped into Freya’s head, in time to see her plunge the dagger into the conduit’s back. Roxana snarled and spun, but Freya held on as the dagger tore free. She backhanded the witch so hard that she flew back for several feet. Tristan caught her, holding her to him and snarling something incomprehensible as she passed out. As I felt Isra rushing past, I slipped into her head and hoped like hell that she would grabbed the dagger and get back to the portal in time. Well, before Roxana killed the succubus. Luckily, the ritual dropped her onto her ass, and she was too busy screaming and writhing in agony for the moment. Isra came to an abrupt stop before Tristan and snatched up the dagger. She hesitated, and then placed a hand on Freya’s cheek.
“Not yet,” she said softly as tears rolled down her cheeks. Huh, I didn’t know spirits could cry. Now I did, and oh, take note of the sarcasm. With a sad smile, she gave her sire’s cheek a pat and reluctantly pulled away. “Keep her safe,” she said to Tristan. “Even from herself.” Tristan didn’t say a word, but we both knew that he would. With one last glance at her sire, Isra rushed back to the portal. In tremendous pain as I was, I forced myself to blink through the darkness that was my vision. Slow by slow agonizing second, everything came back into focus. I zeroed in on Isra, Jordana, Amaya, and Roxana as I crawled toward them. It took forever, but I eventually made it to Jordana’s side. Panting and gasping, I reached for Riana and slipped into her mind.
“What have you done?” Roxana asked as she gasped in pain.
“Ritual of Asunder,” I wheezed through my own pain.
“Why?”
“You are the creator of the vampire race, how could I not?” Roxana's gasps turned into a wheeze as the chanting in my head grew in volume. I watched her, hoping beyond hope that it wouldn't fail. A scream tore from her, and I winced as blood all but exploded out of her like a geyser. Beside me, Jordana was mumbling under her breath, twitching and cursing out the universe like it had wronged her somehow. Isra pricked Jordana with the dagger, and I watched as a thick oily black tendril came into view. It wound around Roxana’s entire body like a net, and I could all but feel the hatred emanating from it. Isra whispered something to Jordana, and the young vampire nodded as the spirit lunged for the tendril and hung on. With a scream, Roxana got to her feet and stalked toward Amaya. As she drew closer and closer, Jordana tensed, looking nervously around as she prepared herself.
“This better be worth it,” the young vampire whimpered and pulled. Hard. I was glad I was already down as the rest of my energy left me in a rush. The air pulsed around Jordana, and Isra waisted no time in channeling it. Roxana launched herself at the succubus, and Isra screamed as she struck the tendril. An otherworldly scream vibrated the air around us, but she kept on stabbing, even as Roxana stabbed her own dagger into Amaya’s heart. With a shriek of rage, Isra tore into the tendril like… well, like a spirit possessed. After a long terrified second of my life, the tendril broke and shot toward the portal like a string had been snapped. It took Isra with it, and she glanced back at Freya, who was conscious and screaming for all she was worth. She waved at us, smiled, and then plunged the dagger into herself. Another otherworldly scream rent the air, and the cavern rumbled ominously as I waited for the inevitable. With a scream that shook the entire universe, Roxana stood and spun to face the portal. A wave of hellfire shot out of her, and she and the entity screamed as it raced toward the opening. Her aura flared to life, and I heard the unmistakable sound of an explosion as everything finally, blissfully went dark.


* * * * * *



Chapter Forty-nine

ROXANA

I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t think. I couldn’t do anything but stare. I was the only one not dead or unconscious, and I so wanted to be one of the unconscious ones. Jailyn and her people had done the unthinkable and the impossible, and I had no idea how to feel about it. Honestly, I couldn’t feel a thing. I was numb to the core, unable to wrap my head around anything. Hellfire crackled around me as I tried and failed to take everything in. With a long, pained sigh, I pulled the fire into myself and flashed to Liana. I knelt beside her and placed my hands on her head. Darkness coiled and pulsed inside me as I healed her mind. What was given can never be taken back, I thought and smiled. Other than the absence of the need to feed on all thing negative, I was still myself; abilities and all. I was not sure about being able to still feel every death of a supernatural, but I was not in a hurry to find out. Pain suffused my entire body as I moved on to the others, healing them to who they were, or at least, their minds before it all began. I had no idea how long I was at it, but I finally stopped at Jailyn, who I was purposely saving for last. I looked over at Jordana and frowned in thought, indecision warring within me. After a long moment, I sighed and reached over to her. Placing my hands on her head, I healed the rest of her fractured mind, removing the small amount of insanity that still lingered within her. As I healed each one of my children, I had placed them into a deep sleep, unable to wake until I called to them. As for the others, I did the same—minus the putting them into a deep sleep part—and teleported them to their respective leaders. I returned my attention to Jailyn and mentally lifted Freya, pulling her away from her sire. I dropped her beside the necromancer and began relieving the witch of souls, transferring them into Jailyn. As the last soul sank into the necromancer ten minutes or so later, I reached out and channeled necromancy back into her. When I was done, I sat back and returned Freya to her sire. I rocked back and forth, back and forth, shaking my head as I tried not to inhale the scent of death. God, I was so hungry. So, fucking hungry. A hot hand landed on my arm a moment later, and I almost, almost eviscerated Zavar on the spot. I stopped my rocking motion and stared blankly at him, saying nothing. “Are you… are you all right?”
“How are you not dead?”
“You were not really focused on us,” he replied slowly.
“Oh… right…”
“Kira is awake, as well as the humans.”
I inclined my head. “I know.”
“Should I make the humans forget?”
“If they were merely humans, I would say yes, but since they are not…” He bowed his head, nodding. Removing his hand, he straightened. With a sigh, I teleported the Silver Wind Coven of Chicago and the Nightshade Coven of California to me. A second later, twenty-two witches stood in a loose group before me. They were good, no reactions showed on their faces. In their minds, however, that was a different story. One of the Nightshade members walked over to Jane, Lily, and Hannah, checking them over. I smiled. “They did well,” I mused as an ice-blue glow surrounded her hands. She nodded as she healed the rest of their injuries.
“Why did you not put the others to sleep?” Zavar asked as he watched the witches running around and cleaning up the place. I could have done it in a heartbeat, but… they needed something to do. “You could have, you know.”
“Yes, I could have, but I am not their leader or their creator.”
He nodded. “Fair enough.” I placed my hands on either side of Jailyn’s head and concentrated. Darkness flowed from my hands and into her, but instead of harming, it healed. The scent of fresh witch blood reached me, and I almost passed out from the hunger that shredded my insides. Zavar dropped down beside me and frowned. “Here,” he said and held out his wrist to me. “Take it. I offer it freely.” I pulled my hands from Jailyn and grabbed hold of his arm. With a snarl, I bared my fangs and struck. I pulled hard and swallowed the scorching liquid down my throat, shuddering as his blood exploded inside me like miniature fireballs, spreading throughout my entire being like lava. Too bad that your normal everyday vampires couldn’t drink demon blood for sustenance, because it was indescribably the best thing I had ever tasted. After a long couple of minutes, I reluctantly pulled back with another shudder. “Good?” he drawled.
“Yes, thank you.” I released him and got to my feet.
“Have you… sensed any deaths?” he asked hesitantly and eyed me warily.
“I have,” I said slowly. “But they are not…” I paused, frowning. “AS bad as before,” I continued, drawing out my words.
“That is… a good thing, right?”
“Perhaps,” I said as I walked toward Alecta. Her eyes met mine, and I almost laughed as the relieved look that came over her. I helped her to her feet as I looked her over, making sure that she was no longer in pain of any kind. Freya sure as fuck did a number on her and almost killed her in the process, but, killing Alecta wasn’t the goal, was it, I thought with a scowl.
“Are you all right?” Alecta asked and looked me up and down. “I can’t tell with all that blood.” I snorted and pulled her toward the others.
“Let’s bring them up top,” I said to the witches. “Prepare yourselves.” I gave them a minute, and then I jumped into the void, taking them all with me. With one last jump, we landed back in Sweden.
The moment we appeared, the Blood Moon Coven of Pennsylvania and the Golden Blaze Coven of Florida joined us. Without a word, they rushed to each vampire and fed them. Though they were in a deep sleep, their brain knew what to do. It was the witches, who had to be careful that they weren’t drained dry. The only one not being fed was Kira, who stood off to the side, watching. “Should we dunk them in the lake, perhaps?” I asked Alecta and arched a questioning eyebrow. “While we still can?” Shaking her head, she pulled from me and walked over to Kira. I harrumphed and jumped into the lake with a loud splash. The frigid water closed over my head, and I allowed myself to sink toward the bottom before taking my time in swimming back to the top. My head broke the surface, and I tread water as I watched the witches wander about, muttering to each other and occasionally glancing over at me. I smiled, shaking my head at them as I went back under. Why aren’t they waking up? Kira suddenly asked into my mind. I looked around and found her floating beside me, washing the blood from her hair and skin. I blew out a breath and watched the bubbles form and dissipate with interest. They won’t wake up unless I tell them to. Oh, she said and nodded. So, are all the vampires sleeping? I mean, the ones that aren’t here. No, I said with a mental sigh. I’m surprise that no one has shown up yet. Kira coughed, forming a large bubble as she eyed me warily. What? I asked suspiciously. And by the way, why are you not beating the living shit out of me? She swam a few feet away from me, looking like she was about to leap from the water. Be-be-because, she said with a stutter. I’m not that stupid. Hmm, could have fooled me. She glared at me, and I smiled. I’ll just pretend the punching bag is you when I hit the gym. There was a sound of a splash, and we looked up to see Alecta dragging two female vampires into the water with her. Humph, I thought. About time. And um… to answer your question, Kira said and glanced at me. You’re emitting evil. I don’t know what you would call it. The feeling of paralyzing fear; the run-now-or-die feeling. Oh, I thought and hid a smirk. Sorry, I can’t help it. Shouldn’t that, uh, like, be gone? When… you know… She stopped herself, and I silently chuckled. So, you were there, I said as more splash sounded. Only at the end. I pouted. And here I was, planning to kill you. Jailyn just had to grab you and throw you out of harm’s way, didn’t she? Uh… she said and continued swimming away from me. Naturally, I followed. You can just ask, you know, I said as I followed her to the surface. My head broke the water, and I inhaled the cold fresh air into my lungs.
“Only if you promise not to murder me,” Kira said aloud and turned to look at me. I pulled away my tattered clothes, and she yelped as I set them ablaze with hellfire. I held my hand out toward her and smiled. “No no, I’m good,” she said with a squeak. “Thanks, though.” I dropped my hand and chuckled. “Why aren’t you waking them up?” she asked quickly and glanced around. “Not that it’s any of my business…”
“I don’t feel like hearing them scream at me, try to kill me again, or both.”
She cringed, nodding. “You have a point.”
I sighed. “But you are right, I have to wake them, sooner or later.”
She hesitated, eyeing me like I was going to attack her. “You are, uh… free… right? I mean, you don’t… uh… sense it anymore… right?” I smiled, because she was just too cute. She was looking anywhere else but at me. Just to make sure, I reached deep inside myself and really searched within. Everything was there, except for the presence that I was so used to arguing on a daily basis with. To be honest, I was going to miss screaming at the god damn entity. It was so satisfying pissing it off to no end. I was, however, not going to miss the control it had over me for so, so very long. I had to admit, it was going to take some adjusting to, that was for god damn sure. “Um…” Kira said and took several steps away from me. I blinked and shook myself back to the present.
“Sorry,” I said and scowled at her. “Yes, it is just me in here.” I tapped a finger to the side of my head.
“That just tells me you’re messed up in the head.” I smiled and flashed to her. She gasped as I grabbed her and leaned in, nuzzling her neck. “What…?” I…”
“Shhh,” I said into her ear. “Who is to say that I am not?” I whispered, and she stiffened as I grazed my fangs along her jugular. With a chuckle, I pulled back , releasing her.
“You’re not convincing me, you know.” She flashed over to her sire and looked down at him, as if saying, “Help me, she’s going to kill me. Like, for real this time.” Unsurprisingly, she got no response to her silent plea. A billion needles suddenly prickled along my entire body, and I looked up at the sky with a growl. In the distance, the sun was rising over the horizon. Damn it, I thought and looked around at the vampires, who were still in a deep sleep, blissfully unaware. As the sky brightened, the needles turned into red-hot pokers, until it felt like I was an average vampire standing in the middle of hellfire. I held back a scream and willed myself to become insubstantial, fading away until I was no longer visible to anyone. Shit, I silently snarled. It wasn’t even that bright yet. I sighed and swirled around Kira, because… she was staring at me like she had seen a ghost. The fledgling gasped and swatted at me with her hands. “Stop that!” she exclaimed, spluttering as Alecta came up to her.
“Ah, Kira, you are no fun,” I said and sighed. “No fun at all, I tell you.”
“Roxana,” Alecta said and groaned with exasperation.
“Fine, fine,” I said and pulled away from the fledgling. “Happy?”
“We can’t see you, remember?” I threw up my hands and glided toward Jailyn as I huffed under my breath. With a growl, I reached for the necromancer. “You can always make yourself visible, you know,” Alecta called to me. I ignored her, because I didn’t feel like expending the tiniest drop of energy to do it.
“Jailyn,” I sang into her mind and out loud so that the others could hear. “Wake up.” A second later, she came awake with a startled gasp. “There you are,” I continued and patted her on the head. “It is so nice to have you back.”
“Finally!” Kira yelled as a dazed Jailyn looked around. “I was about to make a quick stop at a coffee shop for my chocolate fix, you know. Do you know how long it has been since I’ve had one?”
“I see that you two made up,” Jailyn said, slightly out of breath as she slowly sat up.
“Not really, I just didn’t want to get my head bitten off. Like, literally.” She and Alecta, followed by Zavar and Sathia, came over to her and stood there awkwardly.
“Pretend that I’m not here,” I said and growled.
Jailyn smirked and looked in my general direction. “To be fair, this is kind of awkward.” I growled. Again. “By the way, can you do anything in your current form?”
“I am glad that you asked,” I said and plucked Kira off her feet. A scream tore from her as I tossed her through the air.
“Well, that answers my question,” the necromancer replied and telekinetically caught the fledgling, gently setting her back onto her feet.
“Any other demonstrations that you wish to see for yourself?” I asked dryly.
She held up her hands, glaring at me. “I do not,” she said and slipped on a pair of ultra-dark sunglasses. “That one will do.”
“Good.”
“If it is not much to ask, can you wake the others? Please?”
“Such manners,” I said with false cheer. “Very well, Jailyn, as you wish.” I reached out, touching each mind as I projected my senses outward. Awaken, my children, I said into their minds. Before one of them could blast me to Pluto and back, I quickly pulled out. I launched myself into the sky, until I was able to see for miles all around. The others slowly came to, and I was a little surprised that no one had an outburst upon awakening. In Tristan’s arms, Freya blinked open her eyes, only to closed them as her sire returned her to sleep. I didn’t have to ask why. He sat up, handing her to Rory as he appeared. Turning to Jailyn, he arched an eyebrow.
“It worked as I have planned,” the necromancer reassured him and tossed him a pair of sunglasses, who easily caught them. “Though, it came dangerously close to not succeeding.” He growled, nodding as he slipped them on and looked around. “She’s here,” she continued and winced.
“Where is she?” he asked and turned instinctively in the direction his senses were telling him to.
“You’re probably looking right at her. Save your smackdown for nightfall.” He grunted, getting to his feet as Ari, Sven, Liana, Jordana, Skyler, Corinne, and Kira approached him. The rest looked like they wanted to follow, but they hung back, be it reluctantly. I glided down and went over to Alecta, placing my hands on her shoulders from behind as we silently watched the interaction. Jailyn came over to us and inclined her head. “I have the feeling that this is not the last we will be seeing of you,” she said and smirked.
“Oh, I assure you that it is not.” I smiled, even though she couldn’t see it. “After all,” I continued, lowering my voice for only her to hear. “I have a little… tadpole whom I wish to meet in the very near future. Or did you think I would not know of her existence?” I swirled around Alecta and leaned toward the necromancer. “I will let you in on a secret,” I whispered into her ear. “When a vampire is made, I am instantly aware of the new addition to the line. It sparks within my blood, warm and full of dark promises to come. So naturally, when a life is brought into this world not by the means of bloodletting of one to another, but by the means of a union of two very powerful beings; mind, body, heart, and soul, I waited, I watched, I listened. Ariella is not the first to give birth, nor will she be the last, but she just may be the first to have a child that surpasses the one-year mark. The previous fourteen did not make it past their first month of life, Nova has.” Jailyn was so tensed, I thought she was going to burst a blood vessel or two in her brain. “And one more thing,” I continued and gave her an evil grin that she couldn’t see. “Be wary, for the beast is not the only thing lurking inside the child.” Her eyes widened in horror, but before she could do more than suck in a sharp breath, I gave her a peck on the cheek and teleported, taking Alecta with me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Fifty

DONNICA

I gasped, jolting awake as what felt like a livewire had gone off in my brain. Panting, I looked around, blinking furiously against the black dots dancing in my vision. As it cleared, I realized that I was on the floor of my office. What the hell? I thought and stared at the ceiling as it spun. It even had silver twinkling stars as decorations. Fuck, what in the world’s fucking fuck had happened? The last thing I remembered was a hell of a migraine, and then nothing. I felt the approaching presence of Trynnadon, and I slowly sat up as he entered. “Teleportation incoming,” he warned. “We have a meeting with the Council.” Before I could reply, everything went dark. Good thing I was already on my ass, otherwise, I would have faceplanted with the unforgiving hard floor of… wherever we were. I looked around the spacious room, and there was nothing but the table with five chairs behind it. At the far end, a heavy black curtain blocked my view from whatever was behind it. At the table, Ari cuddled a sleeping Nova to her, looking as if she was never, ever going to let her go. Tristan stood behind her chair, his warning growls barely audible to my ears. To his left stood a very nervous-looking Kira, who was gripping his arm so tight, it was a wonder that she didn’t snap his bone or crush it. On either side of Ari was Elijah and Evelyn, who looked about ready to melt me on the spot. Over by the entrance, standing at each corner were Sergei and Brynna, and standing on either end of the table were Sven and Jesric. None of them looked friendly. I resisted the urge to squirm as the silence that hung heavy and thick in the air stretched on… and on… and… on, until I thought I was going to die from anxiety overload.
“Tristan!” Jailyn exclaimed, spluttering as she came out from behind the curtain. A few steps behind her were Freya and Sathia. “Why did you teleport them into the circle?” Tristan blinked, and I shivered as his feral eyes zeroed in on us. She and Freya came over to us, and I held back a gasp as Freya pulled me to my feet and walked me out of the circle. Her cool hand on me made my skin crawl, and I shuddered as she led me to one of the empty chairs. Without a word, Trynnadon and I sat. Jailyn and Freya went around the table and turned to face us while Sathia stood on the other side of Tristan. The demoness gave him a smirk, which he ignored. I resisted the urge to look at Evelyn, who was sitting to my right and way, way too close for my comfort. Jailyn harrumphed and placed her hands on the table, leaning forward. “So,” she said and looked at us. “First, Raina, are you with us?”
“I am,” Raina said from the speakers that were somewhere near the ceiling.
“Excellent. Second, Donnica, you don’t really remember, do you?” I blinked at her, and she chuckled, shaking her head. “Let me help you out.” Before I could figure out what she meant by “help”, her hands were on my head. I winced as she tightened her grip in warning. “Sorry, but this might hurt.” With that, white light filled my vision as pain exploded in my head. I yelled, cursing her as the pain suddenly increased. Just as sudden as it came on, it was gone. As Jailyn released me, memories assailed me like a fast-forward movie. When it was over, I sat there, blinking, panting, and trembling like I had just ran a million-mile marathon. After a moment, I pulled myself together and nodded to her. “That was just a glimpse. Be glad that you were not there.” Shuddering, I nodded. “Now, the recruits. Let’s get the easy stuff out of the way, then we’ll get to me possibly getting my brain liquified and digested by a very angry Roxana.” I was so dead, I thought as a small white scroll appeared in her hand. She cracked it open, unrolled it, and took in a deep breath. “Sia, Dorinda, Elena, Aldrik.” As she read off the names, they appeared, one by one. “Alison, Venita, Nikolai, Savan.” When she was done, five females and three males were standing in front of us. Jailyn turned the scroll around so that Trynnadon and I could see the Council’s seal of a red spiral inside a blue ring and Tristan’s name written in blood at the bottom. “Do you approve? If not, speak up now or forever hold your silence.” I raised my hand. “Yes?”
“What color are the other spirals? I take it that there’s more to it?”
“There is more to it, but we’ll get to that in a bit.” I nodded. “No objections?” When no one answered, she looked at Nova in Ari’s arms. “Nova, what do you think?” The baby, sadly, ignored her and kept right on sleeping. “You approved, too? Well, that’s good enough for me.” Nodding to herself, she turned to the eight vampires, who were watching the Council warily. “Any of you had a change of heart since my last visit?” They shook their heads. “Awesome,” she said and made the scroll vanish. “Since you are being recruited into the rank of protectors and not… sworn into the Council for example, there is no… official thing to sign or vows to be acknowledged.” She inclined her head and smiled. “Just do your job well, write up good reports so Tristan doesn’t cry like a baby, and follow orders.” Kira snorted, and I laughed as the necromancer smirked, moving with lightning speed and catching the dagger that Tristan threw at her head. Trynnadon chuckled and rolled his eyes at the ceiling. “Any questions? No? Yes? No? Good, off you all go.” With that, she teleported the eight newly recruited protectors away. “Now then,” she said and looked around. “Raina, are you still in Sweden?”
“Yes,” the leader of the watchers said over the sound of rushing wind. “Give me a minute and I’ll be there.”
“You got it.” The speakers briefly crackled, before going silent with a pop. “Hannah, how are you doing up there?”
“Alive,” the witch slurred and groaned. “I’m drunk.”
Jailyn sighed. “I can hear that,” she said dryly. “What did we tell you girls about alcohol and magic?”
“Humph,” the witch said, and I could practically feel her rolling her eyes behind the monitor. “We almost died. We sooo need this.” The necromancer glanced at Freya, who sighed, and then shrugged, as if saying, “whatever”.
“Let them have their fun,” Freya said and glared up at the ceiling. “They will regret it when morning comes.”
“I’ll regret nothing,” Hannah mumbled and took a swig of something. “The people on skype are ready for you guys. I even looped the system correctly this time.”
“Who is people?” I asked.
“Tavia, Louella, and Eliza.”
“Thank you, Hannah,” Jailyn said over the sounds of more crackling.
“Humph. Good luck with Roxana.” With that, white noise briefly came over the speakers, before being replaced with distant background noises.
“Hello?” a female voice said, hesitant.
“Hello, Louella,” Jailyn replied as Raina suddenly appeared beside Sven.
“Oh, great,” said another female voice. “It’s Jailyn.”
“Eliza,” another one—Tavia—growled.
“Glad to hear your voice, too, Eliza,” Jailyn drawled.
“Let’s get this over with,” Eliza growled. “I have things to do.”
“I couldn’t agree more,” Jailyn said and turned to the circle. “Roxana!” she shouted, the power of her voice vibrating the air around us. “I request your presence!” The runes suddenly lit up, the red light all but blinding me. When it faded, Roxana stood in the center of the circle, her head tilted to the side as she studied us with interest. At least, her eyes were blue. Dressed in a pair of black sweatpants and a dark purple T-shirt, her eyes slowly wandered the room, taking in everything before focusing on Jailyn.
“It has not been forty-eight hours, but yet, here I am, being summoned. Truly, I should feel honored.” She smiled and arched an eyebrow. “Now, to what do I owe the pleasure of being in your company, once again?”
“Coalition of the Five,” Jailyn said and arched an eyebrow. “Council of Five, The Alliance, The Union Council. Shit, I don’t care what the fuck it’s called.”
“I am listening?”
She sighed. “It is time that we form a Council that consists of a member from each faction.”
Roxana nodded. “And… do you have these seats filled and ready to go?” Jailyn and Freya nodded. “And they are…”
“Myself, representing the necromancers.” She paused, waiting.
“Continue?”
“Freya for the witches, Sathia for the demons, Louella for the shifters…”
“And the vampires?”
“For now, Tristan.”
She arched an eyebrow. “For now?”
“Until Ari is trained to take his place.”
“Ah.” She nodded. “And, why am I here?”
“I was wondering, if you would be willing to arbitrate.”
“Become an arbitrator?” She smiled. “After all that I have done?” She chuckled. “Tell me, Jailyn, did you consult the others in this matter?”
The necromancer rolled her eyes. “Of course I did. Would I risk summoning you, otherwise?”
“Yes, you would, actually.”
Jailyn scowled. “Yes, I have spoken with the others, they love nothing more than wanting to see you dead, but alas, some things cannot be done so easily, as you very well know.”
Roxana inclined her head in acknowledgement. “Very well, Jailyn, I accept your offer.” Freya and Jailyn glanced at each other, before quickly looking away. “I know you,” Roxana mused. “Where are the binding contracts?”
“I just wish to establish a binding vow with you,” she said slowly, hesitantly.
“Oh!” Roxana exclaimed, slightly surprised. “Please, do tell. What does this vow entail?”
“Just say that you will not usurp the Council or any powers that are not yours to take.”
Roxana smiled, and I stiffened as her eyes turned red. “Very well. Come here and hold out your hand.” Taking a deep breath, the necromancer walked to the circle and held out her hand. All the while, she was muttering, “This is so stupid”, under her breath. Roxana’s smile grew wider as she approached the edge of the circle and took the offered hand into her own. Jailyn gasped, and I leaned forward as Roxana tightened her grip. “It is too late to pull back, now.” The former conduit chuckled, before taking in a deep breath and holding it. After a long moment, she slowly let it out. “I, Roxana Silenssika, vows to not usurp the Council, or the powers of those that are not mine to take.” A hiss escaped them both as it was completed. Jailyn yanked her hand from Roxana and stood back, wincing. “Another thing, what is the name of this… Council? Also, may I see the seal?”
She shrugged. “The seal is six rotating spirals. Each color represents each faction.” The seal appeared in her hand, and she held it up for all to see. “And for the record, I did not come up with it.” The seal was circular and made from what looked like sea glass. It depicted a blue ring, and inside the ring were six spirals, rotating clockwise and counterclockwise from each other. The spiral colors ranged from black, red, blue, green, yellow, and purple.
“Since you have had the seal already made, I take it that this idea was in the works for a while now, am I correct?”
“Yes.”
Roxana nodded. “Once you give me the name, it will be official.”
“Just call it the Coalition,” I said and shrugged. “Besides, people won’t get confused. If they say Council, they’re talking about their own respective Council. Now, if they say Coalition, everybody will know they are referring to the uber Council.” I again shrugged. “A scary ass Council, too. I mean, if I didn’t know anyone here, I’d be half the world away, screaming bloody murder as I go.”
“I like this one,” Roxana said and smiled. “May I keep her?”
I sat back in my chair and held up my hands defensively. “No, no, that’s okay. I’m good where I am. Trust me.”
“Are you?” she asked, amused.
“Totally.”
“Such a buzzkill,” she growled under her breath and shook her head.
“Anybody objects to it being called the Coalition?” Jailyn asked and looked around. “Speak up now or forever hold your silence.” She waited. “Going once… Going twice…”
“Coalition, it is, then,” Freya said, and I instinctively dodged as four bodies suddenly went flying.
“The fuck?” I exclaimed and just about fell out of my chair. Over the speakers, Louella was cursing up a storm. There was the sound of someone slow clapping, and I glanced up to find Roxana focused solely on Nova with interest.
“Excellent,” she said and smiled as her eyes reverted to their normal color of ice-blue. She turned and walked around the circle, as if she hadn’t a care in the world of what people were up to or thinking. She didn’t look worry about anyone stabbing her in the back, either. Then again, she could probably sense it coming from a million miles away. After a moment, she stopped before Freya and inclined her head. “Ask it.” The witch scowled at her. “Better to know than not to know.” She paused. “Hmm, sometimes.”
“Is she gone?” Freya asked and held her breath. At that, the room fell silent. Roxana glanced around and smirked.
“The suspense is just too much fun to cut short, but for the sake of Freya…” She took in a deep breath and let it out with a dejected sigh. “Yes, she is.” Freya nodded, before disappearing with a blast of magic that all but froze me to my chair as ice formed over the walls. Nova came awake with a startled squeak, and Ari all but curled protectively around her daughter as she soothed her with soft words that I couldn’t make out. “Anything else?” Roxana asked and smiled as she stared at Ari, or more precisely, the plump baby held protectively in her mother’s arms.
“That is all,” Jailyn said, suddenly appearing before her and blocking her view.
Roxana laughed softly and rolled her eyes. “Do not worry,” she said in a conciliatory whisper. “I will not harm the teeny, itty-bitty niblet.” She leaned to the side and gave Nova a pout. “Will I, you poor little cupcake?” she asked and smiled. Straightening, she refocused on Jailyn, who looked like she was about to splatter her brains all over the walls. Tristan and Ari looked like they were about to level the place, just to get rid of her. “Ah,” Roxana said with a contented sigh. She bowed to Jailyn, and then the world exploded. Okay, it didn’t, but the circle did.
“Fuck!” I yelled at the top of my lungs and sprang out of my chair. Shards of ice shot through the air like shrapnel as I ducked and dodged. The table exploded soon after, followed by the chairs as I dropped onto my ass and slid along the floor to Jailyn, who was unconscious and bleeding from her eyes and ears. “Hey, before I die, can I have an estimate of how many died in hell?” Suddenly, letters and numbers were flashing in my mind, and I groaned as I clutched my head. About a thousand vampires, shifters, necromancers, and witches in total along with a handful of demons had gone down fighting. Amongst them were Cole, Carlie, Alek, Kilirik, Elkeihrahlich, Dezmordai, Kaleentha, Amaya, Zynzaulatris, Baily, Ayla, Audrianna, Iris, Paige, and Alexander. Oh, and the most painful of all—when it came to death bonds—Allia, Rebecka, Riordan, and Cailin. “Fuck,” I repeated under my breath and rubbed my eyes. I blinked and looked up at Tristan, who was standing over me. I realized that the room had, once again, gone silent. He held out his hand, and I took it, allowing him to pull me to my feet. I looked around, and yep, Roxana was nowhere to be seen. “She just had to go out with a bang, didn’t she?” I asked no one in particular.
“before I go,” Roxana disembodied voice said from all around us. “I have a present for Ari.” Her laugh rang out like bells as something appeared in the broken circle. “Have fun,” she sang and chuckled. “And yes, Donnica, I do like to go out with a… “bang”, as you put it.” With that, she vanished. Before I could get a good look at the demon, Ari was on it with a scream so loud that my eardrums burst. Tristan didn’t even have time to grab her. I looked around and found Nova in Kira’s arms. The fledgling was even covering the child’s eyes. The demon let out a bloodcurdling scream, and I looked back in time to see him engulfed in… hellfire? A long minute later, when it died out, there was nothing but a pile of ash.
“Ow,” Jailyn said with a groan and rubbed her head. “I really hate that bitch.” Grumbling under her breath, she sat up and looked around. “Whoa, what happened here?” she asked as she stared at the scorched circle.
“Ari 2.0 came out to play?” I asked and shrugged.
The necromancer looked over to Ari, who was panting and snarling. “Are you okay?”
After a moment, Ari nodded. “I’m fine.”
“I’m okay, too,” Louella said from the ceiling. “Thank you for asking.” Someone cleared her throat behind me a minute later, and I glanced over my shoulder to find Ari suddenly there, with Nova back in her arms, her eyebrows raised. When I just stared at her, she looked pointedly down at my hand. Spluttering, I blinked and quickly pulled my hand out of Tristan’s, who chuckled and patted me on the head as he moved to her side.
“You did that on purpose,” I spluttered as the others snickered and chuckled. “I fucking hate you.” With a huff, I stomped to the doors that led from the room.
“Where ya goin’?” Kira asked as she appeared at my side.
“Out of here,” I muttered and pulled one of the doors open.
“Do you know where you’re going?” she asked and followed me out into the hall.
“No idea, but I’ll eventually find my way out.” I turned right and began walking. Kira kept pace with me as I turned down another hall. “I’m… I’m going the wrong way, am I?”
She snickered. “Yep.” Her cool fingers closed around my arm, pulling me to a stop. A second later, I found myself outside.
“So,” I said to her and stared up at the night sky. “What will become of the Vampiric Council?”
“Nothing,” Kira said and looked around. “I think. The Vampiric Council will be as it always was. I think the Coalition will be for things like…” She shrugged. “Problems that forces all of us to work together.”
I nodded. “Let me guess, this all happened because of Roxana.”
“Yeah,” she said with a sigh. “I mean, it was planned to happen all along. Roxana just got things in motion that much faster.” She walked over to the fortified wall and leaned against it.
“Anything else that I need to be aware of?”
“You’re asking the wrong person.” She kicked at the large puddle of rainwater and shrugged. “I know that the witches are gonna be better at what they do. Right now, they fucking suck. No offense to them.” I snorted, silently agreeing with her. “I don’t know about the others, though. You’ll have to ask Tristan.”
I nodded and glanced toward the gate. “You coming over?”
“Yeah…” She paused. “Yeah, I think I will.” She glanced up at the sky and sighed wistfully. “I’m terrified of what is next. I mean, peace and happiness are so out of the question.” She straightened and made her way to the gate. Sighing inwardly, I followed her. She pulled it open and smirked. “But hey,” she continued and stood aside for me to pass. “What do I know?”
“Well, Kira,” I said and stepped through it. Turning to her, I smiled. “We can always hope, right?”
“Right,” Kira, childe of Tristan, said with a sad smile, watching me as I turned and strode away from the gate, vanishing into the shadows.


* * * * * *



EPILOGUE

{Ten Years Later}

ARI

“Again,” Kira said to the emerald-green-eyed, strawberry-blonde-haired vampire standing beside her. The vampire-child didn’t wait, she leapt into the air and flew at the wall like a rocket. “Wait!” Kira exclaimed, spluttering as she leapt after her. The child laughed, ducking, dodging, jumping, twirling, flipping, and bouncing along the gigantic obstacle course. “I have to time you! Nova! Get your butt back here!”
“You have to catch me,” Nova sang and jumped into the pool with a loud splash.
“Grrrrr,” Kira said and ran after her. I smiled and leaned against the wall as I listened to them; Kira exasperated, and Nova full of laughter and energy.
“She is going to kill her,” Tristan said as he stepped from the shadows and joined me. “I just know it.” I snorted, my eyes never leaving the rippling water that was several yards away from us. “Should I get someone else to train her?”
I chuckled. “Nova adores her. Don’t break her little heart.”
He scowled. “I would never…” He trailed off as Nova’s head popped from the water. The little girl shot out of it and was halfway up the climbing wall before Kira even appeared.
“That’s it! I give up!” the fledgling exclaimed and threw up her hands. Nova just laughed and climbed higher. The gym, where mostly hunters trained, was expanded extensively within the last two years or so. To be honest, I think it took up an entire floor on its own. Huffing and puffing, Kira teleported and reappeared next to Nova, who yelped and almost fell off the wall. In her surprise, a stream of hellfire flew from her mouth, and Kira barely got out of the way in time as an entire jungle gym, a tumbling mat, and a few punching bags were disintegrated.
“Don’t do that!” Nova exclaimed and began to kick her.
“I told you,” Tristan muttered and shook his head, amused.
“You have to get used to it,” the fledgling said and smirked.
“I am,” Nova said and scowled. I straightened as she disappeared. Before I could freak out, she reappeared, slamming into me and almost knocking me over. I caught her, and then almost dropped her as hellfire sparked in her mouth. Kira jumped off the wall and flashed over to us with a smirk.
“It’s lunch time,” the fledgling said and ruffled my daughter’s hair. “Besides, I think we need a break.” In response, her eyes lit up.
“Blood first,” I said and waved her and Tristan away. “Go on, we’ll be there shortly.” They nodded and walked off as I embraced my daughter, who was completely drenched and smelled of chlorine. Nova wrapped her arms around my neck, squeezing me before pulling away and wriggling out of my embrace. In the distance, Kira gave her sire a pleading look as they disappeared from view.
“Will I get to see the world?” she asked me and all but bounced in place.
I smiled and crouched before her. “There is so much out there for you to see, sweetheart, so much for you to explore.” My daughter smiled at me, her emerald-green eyes—so much like my own when I was human—gleamed with happiness as she hugged me. 
“Don't worry, mother,” she whispered in my ear. “I'll make you and father proud.”
I wrapped my arms around her and held her close. “Of that,” I said into her soft, strawberry-blonde hair. “I have no doubt that you will.” I held my daughter tighter as two sets of sharp fangs sank into my neck, because whatever she grew up to be, I was going to be proud of her. Be it ten, twenty, two hundred, or two thousand years from now, it didn’t matter. As long as she was happy, because seeing her happy, making sure that she was happy was one of the very few things I would ever care about in my long, long life. Whatever the future had in store for her, there was one thing she would always have that most vampires did not have; protection, love, loyalty, friends, a family who would die for her, and at the very least, a home to call her own.


* * * * * *



To find other books by Alina Meuangkhot, please visit:

https://www.alinambooks.com/
