Blue Moor
Brick ONeil

Published by Lione Services at Smashwords
Copyright 2017 Brick ONeil

Discover Other Titles by Brick ONeil

Aside of Murder
The Bamboo Killer

Simple Healthy Fresh 1, 2, and 3:Dinners
Free Introduction to Simple Healthy Fresh Cookbook Series

Country Tried Chicken
Never Trust The Moon
Under The Woodlands

Go to http://brickoneil.com for more information and to contact.



All Smashwords books are sold DRM-free, without copy protection or encryption. This means you're trusting your customers not to pirate your books. In our experience, the vast majority of customers are honest. Yet without proper education and reminders, a well-intentioned but enthusiastic fan might feel inclined to share your book with someone else. 


1650 GERMANY

   He was collecting open pinecones in the forest to heat his meager home the bag, huge and heavy. He didn't dare slack off his task. Rose, his overbearing wife, would nag at him until he wearied of her. Then there would be no supper until whatever dismal chore she screeched at him. 
   "No, all her love and kindness go to that damn coven of hers." He stooped to gather another armful of prickly wood under the cluster of Pine Trees. "My greatest wish is to have all the power!" he murmured to a knot in the pine tree. Pulling the moley and musty wrap around his thin shoulders for warmth; thin, shapeless fabric hugged his bony hips, providing no protection from the drizzle and chill of the deep forest. The bags were pregnant with burden.
   He stood to crack his back, pushed his chest out to press out the tension. He twisted left and noticed something shiny sticking out the knot of wood he had spoken to earlier. Tying the open bags with a loop to prevent losing the commodity, for he would not want to be late getting back. There was a knife sticking out the knot, winking at him in the sunlight that dared to weave its way down to the rotting vegetation.
   Regarding the knife without touching it, Torin found both the handle and blade clear of ownership markings. The wood handle was black. Blacker than the coal that Mildred used in the only stove in the thatched cottage. The handle was so black, it gleamed in the dark night of the forest. The blade was both gold and silver. Streaks that inflamed his desire, his very soul struck out and was gone. 
   'Yes.' He sighed into the blade. His milky white hand grasped the black wood of the handle, ripped from the tree. A bond was formed. Forgetting the sacks on the forest floor, he strode with purpose back to the ramshackle cottage.
    Torin Vossen stomped back to the cottage, hating it and his wife every step of the way. Each step vibrated with memory; memories of brow beatings from his Mother and now wife; welts on his back from his father, all to instill a sense of purpose, thrift and hard work. None of which he desired. All he desired was the work of others.
   Long had he dreamed of snuffing out the spark in his parents. They wished their only son was like their friends' sons. Hardworking in the fields, or perhaps intelligent as the sons who bent over thick papers with numbers. Neither harvests nor numbers appealed to the lazy, pirate-eyed Torin whose name meant Chief. His parents had been fools, hoping the name inspired thrift and hard work.
   Oh, how he longed to lord his desires over others! He saw how the villagers strode to do the wishes of the Manor Lord. What he didn't know is the Lords took care of the serfs in their stead. Torin performed the bare minimal his parents would beat and belittle him for. Mother Hanover had accepted the marriage proposal for her daughter Rose. 
   Rose didn't care for the layabout either, but the Vossens were great friends and had to marry off their son. Rose replied that she could 'help' the young man. And at first, her Witchcraft helped the wayward youth in his work ethic, but his natural tendency for sloth and idleness could not overcome her strong Witchcraft. She would advise her industrious daughter to keep on Torin's behind. Her daughter laughed, saying Torin couldn't muster the strength or desire to fight her magic.
   "Oh, how wrong you both were." The man who held the Dark Knife. 
   She was chanting a happiness spell over some thick lamb stew, placing some apart for her daughter in a crock wrapped in a spell-enhanced towel. She had left home years before, to escape her father. He would steal her hard-earned money from the stall she held in the market square. Drinking, running around-no sort of ethic at all. 
   The door creaked open, probably so Torin could drag, rather than carry, the lightweight bags of fire starter. Such a lazy man. 
   "If you're hungry, there's lamb stew in the pot over the stove." She answered to the room behind her, not bothering to turn around. Her stews and breads always had been spelled with work spells, to encourage her wayward husband. He was goodlooking enough but his spark of hair belied his dark personality. 
   "Yes, I am hungry," the pale man's eyes shone with greed, "and I think you'll be enough for a start." 
   Rose spun around, her eyes narrowing her eyes, seeing the knife and immediately knowing her end was coming.
   "Torin Vossen, you will rue this day!  You will rue this day with vehemence" Mildred Hanover Vossen promised her last spell with her last breath.
   "Witch, you will not see." The knife plunged deep in her heart, hilt deep. The knife drank deeply and greedily. Torin Vossen left, Xaphan setting the thatched cottage on fire, walked with singular steps into the night of the forest.
*******
PRESENT TIME, WASHINGTON STATE, US

  He trudged down the pot holed, dusty country road with dirt devils swirling down the expanse. He stopped, tilted his head, hearing nothing, continued, mumbling all the way. After an hour and fifteen minutes, a huge lodge came into view. Three stories tall, as long as a city block and huge, flat windows that overlooked the forest. 'That is one gorgeous grange.' He thought. There were several outbuildings behind the behemoth not-quite-mansion.
   Across the road, if one would call it that, was a large glen. 'Maybe that's more a strath than a glen. The valley is wide enough.' That was true. If he looked closer, he would see large wolves had been following him from the highway, discreetly, of course. There were many more on the outskirts of the strath, in the frills of the forest. 
   Dylan Walker had taken the bus from downtown Seattle east an hour, then transferred to another bus that went another hour east. There was a sign at the entrance that suggested pulling the stop bar to exit, as there were no official stops this far out. He felt a push in his mind, pulled the string and exited at Ulfhedner Road, meaning wolf coated men. The bus driver had only shaken his head, closed the bus doors and drove away. Dylan watched the bus trundle down the highway before starting the five-mile walk.
   Just wanting to get the ordeal over with, Dylan set his shoulders straight and marched up the lawn and to the wide, rambling covered wrap-around porch. This was gorgeous and would love to sit on one of the rocking benches and read the latest mysteries on his Fire. He sighed inwardly and only then noticed the giant guarding the door. Well, at five foot six, everyone was a giant, but nonetheless, the shaggy brown-haired giant was huge. 
   The door was double oak or walnut or something, ten feet tall and six feet wide. The man was nearly a foot taller than Dylan and almost twice as wide. His friendly face held bemusement, arms crossed over a wide, muscular chest and bulging biceps that could pop his head off. He was leaning against the door jamb, and held an easy demeanor. Dylan walked up the two steps in front of the door and the man. 
   "Hello, Dylan." The man greeted, holding back a chuckle. He was known, but unknown.
   Dylan grimaced a smile. "Hello Straw." They looked at each other. Now that he was here, he wasn't sure what he was supposed to do. He'd never been here before.
   "Are you lost?" the man wasn't used to him or strangers wandering up and into the den, unannounced. The man stared up at him with a blank face and answered after fifteen seconds of silence. The young man looked as if he were having an inner conversation. Odd.
   "No." His face still was unreadable.  Straw was a third generation German-Viking Wolf in Western Washington; his parents had been second generation. That generation hadn't been speaking or learning English not quite fluently and misunderstood the difference between names of things and names of people. He had been born with brilliant yellow hair, coarse and bright. He couldn't blame his parents, none of them could. 
   Back to the man, he wondered just how he learned of the lodge.
   "Do you want to tell me how you found this place?" He was still amused at the sight of the well-dressed man, in faux snakeskin walking shoes, brown-tan slacks and a pale blue shirt, now sticking to his small frame due to the humidity of the forest. He could just see flattened ears of the wolves in the strath, across from the lodge.   
   The man stood up straighter, squared his shoulders, with a look of annoyance on his face. Suddenly, his face broke into a wide, friendly smile, his posture relaxed, arms at his side.
   "Not really." And gave another wide, friendly smile, which Straw had seen on others.
   Dylan didn't want to just blurt out "oh, the annoying voice told me to blunder blindly into an unknown situation." Dylan hadn't been allowed to go to the lodge. The giant's face turned slightly confused, wondering why this tiny man arrived unannounced. 
   The annoying voice had come to him just after his 23rd birthday last spring. In dreams, usually in a beautiful Blue Moor with a Fjord running alongside and between generously rolling hills. The voice had been cajoling him along the walk. He was cray cray for following this stupid voice, which was the first sign of schizophrenia. Wasn't that congenital? He knew he was adopted, his parents, Wilma and Wiliam Walker, had told him when he began asking why he had blond/red hair and his brothers, Mark and Luke, had black hair like them. Maybe his biological parents were housed in a psychiatric facility somewhere.
   'Nonsense, Dylan. Your parents just couldn't care for you. Wilma and Wiliam have been great parents, right?" 
   "Yes, they've been great. And how do you know them?"
   'Well, i'm just a voice in your head. Maybe your subconscious.' 
   Dylan didn't think that warranted a response. The voice changed tack.
   'Not long now, just another quarter mile. Now you don't have to use that treadmill in your living room.'
   "The bright side, huh?" No response. 
   Now Dylan was in front of the huge man, who was clearly amused at his appearance. That was fine, the sooner he got whatever this was over with, the sooner he could head the three hours back home. He tuned back into what the giant was saying.
   "You want to tell me how you found this place?" 
   Dylan stood up straight, squared his shoulders and placed his best award-winning smile on his face.
   "Not really." He smiled once more, wiping anything else from his features.
   'Now that won't raise any suspicions. But, under the circumstances, that's for the best. Now ask if you can go in. Just continue to be relaxed and confident.'
   Dylan would be so glad to get rid of the supercilious voice. 
   "May I go in?" He relaxed his smile and waited.
   Straw was impressed by the small man's confidence, but wondered why he couldn't hear his thoughts or read his face. What was obvious, was he was listening to someone. He wanted inside, sure thing. Straw reached the doorknob on the left side, turned the knob slightly, leaving the walnut door just ajar.
   "Help yourself." Straw chuckled and stared at the first step. 
   Dylan started to rush up the one step and barge in. The voice had another idea.
   'Stop. Raise your right leg just above the step.'
   He snorted. "Like a stork?"
   Straw gave the man an odd look, several of the wolves had ventured into the yard, about ten of them, all tilting their heads at the tiny man standing on one leg above the step. Two or three of them had grins on their faces. Straw winked at them.
   'Now, quickly and strongly, stomp on the step and push down.'
   "This is ridiculous. What is this? An initiation?"
   'No, that's something else to prepare for.'
   "What?!" Dylan asked in surprise and shock. What was this place? He didn't mind at all he'd never been allowed to go, now. The place was big and creepy. His brothers had played with their cousins here, but they were older. And they always had that chaperone. 
   Straw's thick, dark blond eyebrows rose up and under his shaggy bangs and threw a questioning glance at one particularly large gray and black spotted wolf with dark grey eyes. The wolf shook his head, not understanding either. They all watched as the man quickly stomped on the step, releasing the spring, his leg pushing the step down. Four or five wolves grunted in disappointment and left behind a hedge to the back of the lodge. Three more watched to see what the self-talking man would do next. The large dark grey wolf winked at Straw.
   'That was a trick step, devised to spring unsuspecting, unwanted visitors.'
   "Does it work?" Dylan had forgotten Straw and the wolves at his back. 
    'Oh yes.' The voice chuckled with glee. 'Ok, walk inside to the far wall.'
   Dylan strode in with purpose he wasn't feeling. The first floor of the lodge was as large as a warehouse. The far side from the door was forty or fifty feet, he centered his gaze at some sort of stuffed paw, complete with huge, velociraptor like claws. He shivered when he realized there were about fifty other GIANT, HUGE men in clusters, talking and eating from a tantalizing buffet down the hall.
   Ignoring them, he walked just in front of the disgusting claw.
   'It was won in battle. I meant the long ways, down to the far wall.'
   Dylan had had just about enough of the vague instructions.
   "Why didn't you say that in the first place. You have been a pain in my backside for too long." Dylan didn't see the shocked faces of the large, stern men. Some were grinning at Straw, some wore confused faces. "Fine, I'm walking to the far side." He got a quarter of the way down the 100 or so yard long hall when the voice came back.
   'NO, NO, the OTHER way!' He wished he could reach out to the men in the hall. Soon.
   "You are SO annoying." Shaking his head.
   The large men were shocked when Dylan snarled, turned 180 degrees and stomped toward the other end of the hall. Now they were intrigued by this brass and bold tiny man who talked to himself. Afterall, they did protect the weak and the ill, part of their job.
   "Now I'm inside your house, at the FAR end of your hall, standing in front of your wall." The man gritted between clenched teeth. "Now what, o grand and mighty annoying voice?"
   Straw had his hands inside his back pockets, could it be? Several of the heads swivelled towards the main hall along the wide meeting hall. Straw nodded at the Alpha, who was buttoning his shirt. He nodded back and at several of the men who had been called to a meeting because of the natural wolves attacking surrounding farms. He stood by Straw, looking at the tiny man, standing in front of the wall. His anger was palpable to the sensitive wolf senses around him. 
   "The tiny man has a big temper." Straw giggled. The new man, grinned, and slapped his big hand on Straw's bulbous shoulder. "Think I need to get him out?"
   The man tilted his head, raked his fingers through his black hair and shook his head no.
   "Let's see if he knows." Straw nodded and several men nearby nodded as well. 
   'Take hold of the wall sconce and bring it down towards the floor.'
   "How, jackass? It's two feet above me. And why the hell is the ceiling twenty feet high?" Dylan demanded.  He heard the voice sigh in exasperation and counting backwards from ten. 'Serves you right, asshole.' He thought to himself.
   'If you had talked to me inside your head, no one would think you were schizophrenic. But that would be ok, if you were. You're safe here.' Dylan thought, rather than saw, the voice rubbing his temples. 'Just jump up and grab the damn sconce, Dylan.'
   Dylan's face contorted to just under rage. "I'm certainly sure as hell not going to jump like some tiny, excited west highland terrier. Ask one of the behemoth's behind me if this damn wall is so important to you."  The men behind him all held wide eyes, several jaws hit the floor. Could it be? 
   'Dylan....' the voice was trying to calm itself, "ok, just.... grab that chair along the wall to the right, drag it under the damn sconce, then jump just a small bit.' He had to see if Dylan was worthy of touching the chair first.
   Dylan looked to his right and saw a rather large, ornate chair. "That is the most ridiculous chair I have ever seen. You may as well have made it out of deer and moose antlers." Straw gave a wide, fearful gaze at the man next to him. The larger man smiled, wondering if the little man could even move the chair. The congregation watched as Dylan grabbed the back of the chair, turn it sideways, the backed it across the wood floor to just under the sconce. 
   Everyone's face wore a look of stunned shock. Again. 
   Only heirs could touch and move the chair. Several faces nervously gave side eyes to their Alpha, who was also wearing a shocked expression. 
   The large man was stunned. Only he, his brother and Aunts could move the chair. Who was this tiny man that could touch the chair? He was his Aunt's adopted son. But still. He'd hadn't been allowed to see the man before, but, lo and behold, he was here. He slowly walked to the front of the group, members moving out of the way for him. Straw followed at a respectful few feet behind, watching his Alpha's back. They stopped in front of the group, who now moved from the far side to the other side, just behind Dylan.
   They watched as Dylan situated the heir's chair, using the back to stop the dizziness. His blond and bright grey, blending beautifully, glistening under the dark steel hanging lights. The front of his hair, a bland, pale red. Straw leaned a half-shoulder length to the Alpha. "See his hair?" He whispered underneath normal human hearing.  Dylan was now not so sure of himself, upon hearing all those large, beefy men behind him. He stole a glance and noticed they all wore slightly angry faces. 
   'Don't worry about them, Dylan. You're so close, just hop up, grab the silver and hang on.'
   "If you get me killed because they think I'm stealing your damn gold and silver, I'm going to exorcise you right straight back to hell!" The voice didn't think Dylan would appreciate the logic of that sentence and chose to be quiet.
   The Alpha, ghosted a chuckle. He wouldn't have gotten on the road, if he wouldn't have been welcome. The tiny man wouldn't have even gotten two steps before one of the pack stopped him. None of the men would have struck, let alone, killed him. He shook his head at the foolishness. Those standing nearby, heard their Alpha in their minds and chuckled together, elbowing each other. They could all tell he was a bit scared, nervous, frustrated and really, really angry. Whomever he was conversing with clashed with his laid-back personality. The tiny man would be a beta, if he was a member of the pack. Alpha's always protected betas, nonetheless. 
   With the fifty or so members of the 500 or so pack in attendance, they watched as Dylan, none of who even knew his name, jump slightly, grab the silver sconce and hang on. To even let a stranger inside the lodge, let alone drag the Heir's Chair, was unheard of. But he knew of the trick step at the door. Everyone was intrigued.
   The wall jutted back a few inches, much to Dylan's surprise, then moved to the right. It kept on moving right until the center quarter of the wall was ten feet to the right. 
   'Great! This is fantastic! Now, drop to the floor. It's not far.' The voice let out a long-held breath of air.
   Dylan held his breath, not knowing the group of men behind him were stunned into silence. The Alpha was gazing at him with an open mouth and wide eyes. No one knew the Grand Alpha's personal space was behind that wall. But he had disappeared over twenty years ago.
   Dylan had enough. The back of his neck was prickling uncomfortably now. He hoped this was the end of this farce. "Now what?" 
   'Now what? What do you mean, 'now what?' You walk into the room, is now what!" The voice was yelling and Dylan could envision long, muscular arms waving about in frustration at him.
   Dylan's face paled in his own anger. He was through. He looked up at the ceiling, for wont of anywhere to direct his anger. He pointed a finger at the light fixture, for somewhere to focus.
   "No. I am done with you, jackass. You've been stalking me for months, like some animal! I'm going back to my life in Seattle. Enjoy your moving wall, trick steps and secret gang!" Dylan swiftly turned his back to the wall, not even curious about the now open secret room. He ignored the open-mouthed shocked expressions on the now one hundred plus overly-large men, now littering the main hall.  He had to stop because some larger than life man was blocking his path. 
   "Get out of my way, behemoth." Dylan shouted, not seeing the openly angry faces surrounding him. If any of the pack had talked like that to the Alpha-in-Charge, they would have been beaten then and there to show just exactly was in charge. Instead, the Alpha was giving the tiny man some inscrutable gaze. 
   The Alpha was looking down at the tiny, angry, frustrated man, who was so angry, tears were forming in his eyes. Suddenly, the man's face shot up at his face. Alpha gasped. His face clearly showing shock. And a memory violently shoved forward. Aunt Rose and Aunt Wilma explaining something to he and his brother. Something they weren't allowed to see.
   Blond and gray hair. With a shock of pale red right in front.
   Light skin. As light as he was dark.
   Pale, pale blue eyes. That were now glowing.
   Dylan.
   He slowly inhaled a deep breath of air. He knew. The Grand Alpha-who nurtured and grew his pack, welcoming anyone. His Father. 
   His Father was behind Dylan's arrival. But for what purpose? Clearly Dylan had no idea. When he moved the Heir's Chair, hexed so only the true heirs could move or sit in it-for anyone else, the chair was unmovable. His Father wanted Dylan in the room, then, for God's sake, Dylan would be in the room. He took another deep breath.  
   Looking into Dylan's glowing, pale blue eyes, he saw nothing familiar. He willed Dylan to calm down, which he did, surprisingly.
   "Dylan, please, just walk into the room." His calm demeanor drew confused gazes from his pack. He would deal with that later. Dylan's stone face didn't register anything. Then he spoke.
   "At least you're friendlier than that jackass." Dylan's anger simmered just under the surface. 'Ok. I don't know what he wants, but he wanted me here for some reason." Dylan shrugged, turned around and shuffled towards the gape in the wall. The Alpha looked at Straw, who wore confusion, mirrored into faces near him. The Alpha followed Dylan.
   Dylan couldn't hear the voice, but knew he was there, somewhere. There was a ten-foot walnut desk, looking hundreds of years old. The office was twenty by forty or fifty feet long. 'Big office for a big ego.' Nothing from the voice. Truth must hurt. His eyes were drawn up to the top of the wall behind the desk. 
   "AAUUUGHHHHH!!" His gasp was heard halfway down the main hall. His mouth gaped open, his stance opened up for a fight.
   "THAT GODDAMN PAINTING! YOU'VE BEEN HARASSING ME FOR MONTHS WITH THAT GODDAMN PAINTING! NOW YOU BRING ME HERE TO TAUNT ME IN PERSON?!?! THAT TAKES GALL, YOU ASSHOLE!" Dylan was shouting at the top of his lungs.
   The Alpha was shocked beyond words. Dylan had been dreaming about the Blue Moor? And the snaking Fjord? And hearing Father? Something was odd about this whole thing.
   Dylan heard laughter ringing in his ears. He jerked himself around, looking at the faces in the seven men and the others crowded beyond the opening. No one was laughing. In fact, they were all just as stunned as he was. 
   Now, everyone heard the laughter. The Alpha's face was one of recognition, love and fear. Another man burst through the crowd until he was standing next to the Alpha-in-Charge. The Second in Command had arrived, leaving Straw to stand behind them, covering their backs. Nothing was said, Dylan just gazed at the two impressive standing men. He couldn't read anything from them. Nor the other seven crowded into the doorway.
   Dylan turned and threw an angry gaze at the tall, wide painting. It was a combination of a Moor and Fjord, somewhere in Northern Europe. Far north. There was a beautiful blue haze--the grass, trees, rocks and river--all blue. Suddenly, he began laughing.
   "You jackass...you painted it from the wrong shore!" He began laughing again.
   The Alpha was just about ready to calm Dylan down again when a cold, swift breeze came down from the painting. Dylan looked up at the air conditioning register in the ceiling. A light mist swirled between him and the Alpha and the Second. Something was forming. 
   The Grand Alpha. Father. No one could say a word. Instead, the now two hundred members gathered dropped to one knee. Silent. Listening. Awestruck.
   Everyone, but Dylan. 
   His eyes grew wide, his skin paled even more and if he could see, his eyes were now glowing a bright white, just behind the pale blue of his eyes. Yes, he was angry. The mist was now a man. Nearly seven feet tall and four feet wide, in life he would be close to 400 pounds of fur and muscle. His features were more canine, or lycan, than human. He was still laughing, throwing his head back in full glee. 
   "YOU GODDAMN JACKASS! IS THIS ALL YOU WANTED, TO BRING YOU OUT INTO THE WORLD? WHAT DEMON FROM HELL ARE YOU?!" Dylan couldn't think straight. The beast of a man was corporeal then disappeared. The air in front of him shimmered, so he knew the taunting man was still there. His gaze turned to shock, seeing the big men now kneeling on the floor. The bigger man gave Dylan a pleading look. Not knowing what it meant, he started to storm out of the room.
   Dylan slowly rose into the air, the giant's eyes and mouths open, Dylan felt a huge pair of hands under his armpits.
   "You're not going anywhere, little man." The amused face of the much bigger giant was giving Dylan the look of a father whose child had been naughty. Dylan's own father, came to the forefront of his mind. Mr. Wiliam Walker. The giant's face broke into a huge grin. Almost wolf-like. Dylan just now realized all the men gathered had somewhat similar facial features, though none of them resembled anyone else there. Save the two right in front. They could have been brothers. 
   "And just who in the hell do you think you are?" Dylan asked, arms crossed and dark features grew across his pale face. 
   The large man, threw his head back again and laughed. Then turned serious.
   "I think I'm in charge now. And poor, weak Mr. Wiliam Walker can do nothing for you." His features changed slightly, his nose grew a few millimeters slightly black and flat. He shoved his nose into Dylan's neck and inhaled deeply. He laughed again, merrily.
   Dylan had had enough. He shoved the man/beast's chest away from his body. Unfortunately, the beast had a firm grip. He was right, he wasn't going anywhere. But he didn't have to be a willing doormat. He never was and never would be.
   "That is just plain creepy. Stop sniffing me." His anger was growing, much to the amusement of the beast. "And my father could beat your creepy, stalking old ass." The man wasn't old, probably forty-five or so, but he wasn't giving him the satisfaction that he thought the beast goodlooking.
   The beast was corporeal again, smirking as though he knew Dylan thought he was good looking. The beast had a consternated look across his features, like he was trying to do something, but couldn't.
   'Good, let him suffer, like I have been. Doesn't feel good, does it, Mr. Beast.' 
   Just then, the beast wore a triumphant look. He was brought way too close to the overly long canine teeth, Dylan thought.
   "Your father couldn't beat a weak, week-old pup!" the beast seethed with glee. 
   That was all Dylan could take. 
   "AAAUUUGHHHHHH!" he screamed in frustration, his arms flew from his crossed chest, his hands squaring themselves around the beast's throat. 
   The beast had the gall to laugh at his attempt. His eyes glowed bright green. 
   "Now," The beast started, "we need to have a little chat."  
   Having said that, the beast and Dylan faded out from reality, the painting sucking them slowly and disappeared with a pop. Two hundred and fifty men stood straight up.  There was complete silence, quite impressive for that many men.  The Second-in-Command softly spoke.
   "Did anyone else just piss their pants?" 
   Two hundred and fifty men raised their arms.


Chapter Two
   The doors of the lodge burst open and a tall, lithe woman of Germanic and Viking heritage strode into the hall and towards the open office. Her black overcoat fluttered behind the breeze she created. Underneath the coat, she wore trim, bespoke dark richly colored brown silk slacks and a glittery, gauzy dark purple shirt with a black bra showing underneath. Completing the outfit were three inch black and purple heels, some designer none of the men knew or, really, cared about. Dylan would have thought them "Manilows". He would have no idea the crooner was a shoe designer.
   The men bowed their heads and parted immediately to allow her entrance. After her were a handful of stout, slightly shorter men. The lead man wore black slacks, a short sleeve, expensive shiny black tshirt and black smooth sneakers. His skin dark as the rich earth where they grew sustenance for the pack and community. His eyes were black and shiny as patent leather. His name was Rust, from a Central American pack that Aunt Rose knew. That's where the rest of her smaller pack was from. Rust, her second, stood near but not annoyingly close to the woman. 
    "He was here, Hunk? Diesel? Burn was here?" Her hands caressed the two Alphas faces. The third generation, some five to seven hundred years from the first generation, were getting better at naming their pups and children.
    The two men nodded. "Yes Queen, he was here." Hunk gestured behind him to the painting. "He came out the painting. He was corporeal for a few moments."  
   Rose wavered a moment, looked at the open wall then noticed the Heir's Chair against the wall. She gave Hunk a questioning gaze. 
   "Dylan." Was all he said. Rose's eyes grew wide, then discomforted. 
   "But..." She was cut off when her smartphone trilled "Happy", informing her that her sister Wilma, was calling. She put on a smile and answered.
   "Wilma, hello!" She oozed warmth and generosity. Nothing her enemies would have recognized. Rust gave a questioning look. He always knew when something was up.
   A musical, light hearted voice emanated from the earpiece. Hunk's and Diesel's hearts tore at their Aunt's fearful voice, underneath.
   "Hello, Rose, Darling." the voice was quiet for a second, then continued. "Sorry to bother you, I know you're at that convention and I hope I'm not interrupting at an inconvenient time. We know those are important to the packs."
   The convention was a meeting of all the Alphas of the Packs of North America. Burn had given her the right to wheel and deal for the two Packs in Central Western Washington. When their parents passed away, Burn, being the eldest, became Grand Alpha for that central region and Alpha for the Pack. Rose was anointed with the business end, Burn not having her tact and elegance for meetings.
  "Nothing, Wilma, is more important than family. Father and Burn both made this abundantly clear. You know this. The Pack loves both you and Wiliam, and all the children. Now, are you and your wonderful husband alright? The children?" Wilma was the only human born in hundreds of years in the Pack, but she was still the Alpha's child. But she couldn't be raised with them. Their parents had found a pleasant, happy couple to raise Wilma nearby.
   Wilma tittered across the airwaves. "Funny you should ask, Dylan is missing."
   Hunk and Diesel both looked uncomfortable at the mention of Dylan. They both pointed to the Blue Moor across their shoulders. Rust walked up to Hunks side and placed a calming hand on his shoulder, his gaze never wavering.
   Rose walked between her nephews, around the desk and sat in the buttery soft black leather Ambassador's chair her brother had ordered just before he disappeared. She was one of the very few who was allowed to sit in the Grand Alpha's place. Not even Hunk or Diesel sat there, even though they had permission. They had offices in the lower floor, behind the meeting hall.
   "I'm not at the meeting, Wilma, I'm back at the lodge, with Hunk and Diesel. Where are Wiliam, Marc and Luke?" 
   "Wiliam is here with me, at home," Home was 4,000 square feet, which was granted by Burn, to make up for not being able to grow up at the lodge and with family. Rose was a frequent visitor to the Walker House. Wilma and Wiliam visited on occasion to the lodge but not with the children. "Luke and Marc are out looking for Dylan."
   "They're in Seattle?" Rose was only slightly concerned, as her two beloved human nephews were known to rival packs. 
   The almost full pack was now in the main hall, each having succinct, perfect hearing. Rose had the speaker on so all could keep up. She hated repeating herself and her orders.
   "No, I found a few friends of Dylans. He'd been having trouble sleeping, so he was headed home for a visit." Rose caught Straw's head shaking then her not-so-human nephew's faces drawn in sorrow.  Straw's head shaking meant Dylan wasn't going home.
   "What? Two hours on a bus?" Rose asked, keeping the conversation going, while her mind was moving at 200 miles per hour.
   She heard a door open at Wilma's home, heard heavy stomps. Wiliam was back from somewhere. A murmured conversation, for humans, was clear to the two packs.
   "Was he at the cafe, Wiliam?"
   "Did he show up?" 
   The two humans asked each other simultaneously. Parents. Worried. They needed to be around family. Wilma had been sent out to live with relative safety, out from the pack. She had been loved and wanted, but being human, especially a human baby and toddler, would have been too risky in the open forest. This was before the lodge was built and they could change from human to wolf at will. Changing at will was still needed concentration for Rose. Hunk and Diesel were much better. Hell, Rust was good at the control. Then again, Rust could almost control the very elements of Earth. Almost. She looked at her second in the main hall and he smirked at her. 
   "Wilma, why don't you and Wiliam come to the lodge?" Rose offered. 
   "Are you sure you all want us there?" Wilma hadn't really understood why she had been sent away. She knew she was loved, but thought she was just in the Pack's way simply because she was human.
   Rose sighed heavily. And with some guilt. Maybe Father and Mother had been wrong to send Wilma away. She had such a huge and tender heart. Suddenly, she wanted her sister near and protected. From what? She thought.
   "Of course, we want you here, Aunt Wilma." Hunk answered for his Aunt. She was the Queen, not his Mother. Titles passed from blood to blood but didn't extend to spouses. 
   "Yes, sister, we want you here, close to us. We can discuss Dylan." More murmuring ensued.
   "Are you certain we'd be welcome, Wiliam? I don't want to step on toes or hurt feelings. I'm just a silly old human woman." Sniffling was heard, making the pack uncomfortable. They all loved the human relatives and had been taking turns watching out for them over the past decades. Rust shifted from one foot to the other because he'd been assigned to watch the two human kids, Luke and Marc. Those two had nearly tried his inestimable patience he was famed to have during their teenage years. Dylan was five years younger than Luke, who was a year younger than Marc.
   "Of course, we'd be welcome, Wilma. If your sister or nephews didn't want us, they wouldn't be shy about telling us to stay away, now would they?" Rose smiled. Darling Wiliam. He was a realist and pragmatist and loved his little family. As well as the extended family. He had taken the news quite well. For a human.
   "Call Marc and Luke, Wilma. Have them meet you here at the lodge. Or Rust will meet them somewhere in town and bring them here." Rust nodded his head. He thought the two former hooligans would carpool. 
   "Alright, Darling. Wiliam and I are heading out now. I'll just leave a note on the counter." She was moving in the background, a door closed--probably Wiliam getting the car ready so Wilma wouldn't have to trek out to the garage. "Luke and Marc will come together, they're in the SUV."
   "See you soon. Just park behind the lodge and enter through the kitchen." She pushed end and ran her long, elegant fingers through her professionally tousled hair. She gave a steely gaze to the lodge Alpha. Something had happened.
   "Now, tell me what happened to Dylan and Burn." Her eyes glowed the same bright emerald green as Burns had.
   After Straw, Hunk and Diesel had fully debriefed the Queen, she was in stunned silence.
   "And Burn was here? Solid?" 
   "Yes. Fully solid, but none of us touched him. He was concentrating on Dylan." 
   "And they disappeared into the painting?"
   "Yes."
   A door softly closed somewhere in behind the building, one of the Pack hurried down the central hallway. Wiliam and Wilma were escorted by one of the shorter security guards Rose brought. His hands gently on the center of the human's backs. Wilma greeting several of the men, Wiliam, clearly sure of himself, greeting others as well. Rust walked forward, taking Wiliam's hand in a firm shake, Wilma hugging, true to her heart. 
   Rose hurried around the desk, bringing the Heir's Chair in front of the desk, pushed Wilma into it.
   "Oh, Rose, I couldn't sit here." She gave a self-deprecating laugh, "I'm not a member of the lodge. I'm just a human." She looked at the floor.
   Rose brought her sister's chin off her chest until they were looking eye to eye. "You're not 'just a human, you're a loved member of the Pack. You're just human." She smiled the warmth again, gently pushing Wilma into the ornate chair. Wilma moved the chair so she could see the pack crowded into the hall. Several smiled. She could move the chair at will--only heirs of the Grand Alpha could. Rose, Hunk and Diesel smothered their grins. Chairs appeared for Wiliam and the other family members. 
   Tires screeched outside the lodge and gravel was heard snickering against...well...everything. Wilma rolled her eyes and Wiliam placed his face in his hands, arms resting on his knees. 
   "If those two would just..."
   "Now dear, the doctor said your blood pressure..." Wilma was heard gently chiding her husband. Typical. Rust smiled at the two. The door opened slowly and two long legs avoided the trick step and another set of legs stepped over. A clunk and a thud was heard along with a giggle.
   "Stop playing with it. You know Diesel hates it when you do that. You'll..."
   "Don't be such a downer. If they didn't want anyone to play with it, they wouldn't put it there."
   Their backs were to the hall, arguing, their favorite past time. 
   "And Hunk has asked you time and again not to..."
   "What, are you scared of our cousins? They wouldn't hurt us."
   "Of course, I'm not scared of our cousins. I'm scared of the lodge Alpha and his Second!" The first voice was dripping with exasperation. Then a heavy sigh from the other voice.
   "If you're putting it that way, yah, I'm....yah, they concern me."
   "Hello boys." Rust's thick, rich Mahogany voice greeted the boys from the front of the hall. The boys, in their late 20s, pivoted around and blanched at seeing Rust, along with most of the Pack. Their eyes were large as dinner plates.
   "OH!"  Marc breathed out, "Rust." He took an involuntary step backwards into one of the Pack members, who couldn't help smiling at the boy's' discomfort. They had been fun but full of trouble. Some things never changed.
   "WeDidntDoIt!" Luke blurted out, which was just an automatic response to seeing their childhood protector and disciplinarian. After Rust got through disciplining them, usually laps around the track at school, their father, Wiliam, punished them. Usually grounded and some loved thing taken away for weeks. 
   Rust grinned, crossing his thick arms under his chest, pushing his massive pecs out, which he knew freaked the boys out. It worked, they both paled a bit. Good to know he still had it. The little hooligans. If he were human, he would have a head full of gray and stooped shoulders. He allowed a small gaze at Wiliam, who now just winked at the family friend. 
   He slowly threw his gaze directly at Luke, the more easily intimated of the two, until he wised up after a year in his teenage years. 
   "Didn't do what, Luke?" He allowed his eyes to slightly glow. This typically made Luke squeal a fraction of a second faster than Marc. Luke just learned and avoided his gaze while Marc was always fascinated. Marc had been a slow learner. Jumping in feet first, consequences be damned.
   Feminine laughter pealed out at the front of the scrum of men. 
   "Rust, show my darling, innocent nephews inside, please." Rose laughed, making Wiliam and Wilma laugh with her.
   "I'm not so sure innocent as impure." Wilma suggested, causing more laughter from everyone in the building.
   "MoooooOOOom!" Marc squealed out, causing more laughter. Luke turned a shade of red. Rust walked over to them and steered them to join their Mom and Aunt Rose. Both Hunk and Diesel wore difficult expressions with crossed arms. Luke cleared his throat.
   "Sorry about the trick step." Both boys gave wide, award winning smiles that their brother Dylan gave Straw earlier in the day. 
   Hunk burst out in laughter and Diesel grinned. Marc and Luke sagged their shoulders in relief. More chairs appeared and the group settled to discuss the missing Dylan. Rose was contemplative. Since she was the Queen, she had precedence over Hunk, the lodge Alpha. She nodded at herself, reached over to grasp Wiliam's hand. Wilma just waited for whatever was coming. 
   "Wiliam, do you remember helping Burn with the painting?" That had been decades ago. 
   "Of course, Queen." He was human but he still had the uncanny knack to know when to be deferential to his Sister-in-Law and Nephews. Rose smiled and patted his hand.
   "It's just Rose now, between family and pack." Wiliam and Wilma nodded. 
   "Of course, Rose," Wiliam began, "the boys," he nodded at Marc and Luke, "were just four and five, Burn showed up with Dylan asking us to care for him. Then a few days later, he asked me to help with that." He nodded his head at the huge blue landscape.
   "And do you remember, exactly, what he asked you to do? Did you mix paint? Hand him brushes?" Rose gently pushed for details.
   Wiliam's easy laughter put Rose at ease. He was easy to be around and comfortable with himself and others. "No, I don't have a creative bone in my body," you're wrong, My dear Sweet Wiliam, "he asked me to repeat some chants or spells, or something over the paints and brushes."
   "And why do you think he asked you to do that?" Rose still held his hands, helping him remember.
   "Probably to make me feel useful. He was always trying to build my self confidence." Wiliam's demeanor changed from happy go lucky to sorrow and defeat. He clearly loved his brother-in-law and missed him. The Pack had always had Wiliam's back because of his feelings. They weren't the hard-assed killers everyone thought. Well, not usually. 
   Rust walked behind Wiliam and massaged his shoulders. 
   "We all miss him, Wiliam." The seated man nodded. 
   "And I very much doubt he invited you to help, just to make you feel useful." Rose added. "Did you recognize any of the lines you repeated?" 
   "Rose, that was decades ago. But, no, I had never heard them before." He was quiet, now looking at the wide painting. "But..." His forehead scrunched in wavy lines.
   "But what, darling?" Wilma now, intrigued. They had never discussed the work before. Too much pain. Now it was bearable, with family around.
   He turned to his wife and best friend. Both his boys were looking, interested. They'd never heard this before either. 
   Wiliam removed one hand from Rose's grasp, ran it through his thick black hair, a few grey hairs at his temples. He was concentrating on a memory. 
   "I remember my Grandmother telling me as a child that there was an ancestor who was shunned somewhere back in the line."
   "Really?" Wilma now absorbed in the family history. Wiliam turned to Wilma, Rose still grasping one hand, helping him remember. Rust continued to massage the human's shoulder. Their friendship was a testament to just how willing Rust was to even put his hands on a human. In kindness.
   "I can hear her voice, soft and velvet. She and Grandfather lived on the outskirts of town, in the midst of the forest." He had love written all over his face, "This neighbor grew these....no, she said this was a relative of some sort...anyway, there were these rare flowers on their property. Funny, I have no idea why these are important now. Anyway, this relative was gifted in runes." He stopped to listen to the past.
   "Go on, Wiliam." Rose suggested.
   Wiliam turned to his Sister-in-Law, whom he had never seen a resemblance to Wilma. Rose and Burn looked alike, though. Just like Marc and Luke looked alike, but Dylan didn't resemble anyone else. 
   "Anyway, Burn thought since I had some magic in my blood, from someone distant, tenuously related, he thought my repeating the words would imbue the paint and brushes with what he wanted to accomplish."
   "And did it? I mean, did your repeating the words help Burn imbue the painting?" Wilma asked. Rust gave Rose a nervous glance. 
   "I have no idea, a few months later Burn vanished. But," He gazed at the painting, "he did finish the wall." Wiliam gave a broad gesture to encompass the fifty-foot earth and water view.
   "Oh, it worked. Clever Burn." Rose let Wiliam's hand go but Rust still massaged. Wiliam looked up and over his shoulder, giving Rust a grateful nod. His shoulders were knotted with stress, his youngest son gone.
   "What do you mean? Do you know where Burn and Dylan are?" Wilma inquired, her face scrunched with worry.
   Rose shook her own shoulders, rearranging the filmy, gauzy blouse, wishing she were wearing something more substantial like her kind-hearted sister.
   "I at least have an idea." Her eyes moist. 
   Wanting to contribute more, Wiliam continued.
   "Burn really put his soul into that painting. The work became almost religious to him."
   "And good reason, a very powerful Witch was after Burn and Calfuray." Calfuray, Burn's Wolf mate, her name meant violet flower. She would have been second generation, so Wolf names were still after objects instead of this fourth generation. Wolves of Man were long lived, some almost 200 years old, the average was 150. Burn and Rose were near 75, Wilma was thirty years younger, if their parents were human, she would have been named Baby Oops, so no one knew if Wilma would age as long or slow as her siblings.
   "Wait, so Uncle Burn's actual soul is in the painting?" Marc asked, always the more curious of the humans. Rust nodded in acquiescence. Rose turned to face her beloved, aggravating nephews. 
   She thanked whatever higher power they weren't wolves. They were damaging and inquisitive enough as young boys and teenagers. The Native American community held several prayers over the boys. Mostly to keep the wolves and their Aunt from killing them. Rust had helped many a time. 
   "So, where is Uncle Burn's body?" Marc blurted out but before anyone could answer, a cell phone beeped somewhere and an embarrassed Marc fumbled his pocket, almost dropping the smartphone. He pushed end, not looking at who was calling. Rust grinned.
   "Soroya is going to call again. Head to the hall and answer." Sure enough, the shrill ringtone burst the silence, Marc burst out his seat and into the hallway. A security guard walked a sedate pace behind, giving Rust a grin. Soroya was good for the impetuous young man.
   Since almost everyone was Wolf, everyone enjoyed the chewing out. 
   "Heeeey, Soroya..." Marc's tone was smooth and gentle. Rust snickered. He held the young Indian woman in high regard. She was a modern Indian woman, her parents trying to break the strict and restrictive norms of their native country. 
   "Don't give me those honey tones. Did you forget the Cake tasting?" Soroya asked, belying her calm appearance. Honestly, the man was loving and caring, but had the memory of a gnat. "Honestly," she repeated her thought, "how are you your parent's child?" The pack grinned and elbowed each other. Rose allowed herself a grin and relayed what the to-be daughter was saying. Wilma grinned and Wiliam shook his head.
   "I did, but it wasn't my fault?" He rushed the sentence out. "Dylan is missing." 
   There was quiet and everyone knew Soroya was weighing the excuse. 
   "Where are you?" She demanded.
   "At the lodge," was the quick response. The silence was deafening. 
   "Since you're not asking me to come, I'll be there in five minutes. Your poor Mother will be frantic." She was quiet a few more seconds. "I hope Aunt Rose is there. Rust needs to bust your butt." 
   "I was out looking for..." there was an exasperated sigh and nothing. This was going to be painful. The security guard smirked at Marc and he tried to ignore the all-knowing look. Stupid wolves and their preternatural hearing. 'Couldn't a guy have some personal space to work things out with his fiancee?' he said softly to himself.
   He was almost in his chair when Rust spoke out and was grinning. That never bode well for him or his brother, Luke. 
   "Nope." 
   'Stupid wolves and their preternatural mind reading.' 
   "If Rust wasn't able to read your mind, we wouldn't've know what all you two were getting into as teenagers." Rose spat out.
   "Exactly." Marc waved his arms around in front of him and spoke without thinking, once again, crossing his arms. He looked up at the painting.  "So, where is Dylan?" He looked over at his cousin, Hunk. Surely the big, bad Alpha was concerned for his smaller cousin. Dylan was five and a half feet tall. Both Marc and Luke were six foot even, their Dad was six one, their Mom was tall and curvy, at five eleven. Aunt Rose was six one and with heels like now, she was an intimidating six four. 
   Remembering the question, Wilma and Wiliam looked at Rose, who had originally asked them to the lodge to discuss Dylan.
   "In the painting, with Burn." Was all Rose could say.

Chapter Three
   Everything was blue. The sky was blue. The water was blue. Those, in themselves, were normal. However, the grass was blue. Even the air was blue. He could see it swirling through the blue trees. Blue Trees. The Sun was blue. A blue ladybug landed on a blue daisy. A blue shadow grew behind him and swallowed his own blue shadow. 
   Burn. 
   He slowly turned around.  The name just came to him, a blue whisper on the blue breeze.
   He couldn't help gasping. The man WAS huge. Standing next to him was different than being held aloft by him. Burn looked around seven feet tall, four feet wide and four hundred pounds of muscle. He looked at the forearms. Huge as his thigh. He peered closer. Was that...actual fur on his arms? The arms crossed and uncrossed. The beast was uncomfortable. Good.
   Now that Burn had him, he wasn't quite sure what to say. Dylan was 23, short but not a waif and more than a foot shorter. Not stocky and not rail thin either. A good average. He'd seen the face before and smiled. Even the hair was familiar, almost, save the light red right in front. Burn smiled sadly. 
   "Well, you're not a disembodied voice anymore." And the mouth. Different words had spoken out of those lips before. Tiny arms crossed a tiny chest. A tiny face full with big fury. Which Burn expected. 
   "Let's take a walk." Burns suggested and started walking away. After a good ten feet, he looked behind and the tiny Dylan was stationary, with arms still crossed. He sighed inwardly. This would go quicker if he was a pack member. He walked back.
   "If you think I'm walking anywhere with you, you are sadly mistaken." A tiny bundle of fury and immovable. Burn waved an arm and two wooden chairs appeared. Dylan gazed thoughtfully, then sat down. Burn sat as well, not sure what to say. 
   "Are we inside the painting?" Dylan asked, incredulously.
   Honesty was the best policy, he had told his Pack. Good to see that Hunk had taken good stead. Diesel was a good Second, he noticed when they were both kneeling. Burn took in the blue sky, breathing deep.
   "Yes."
   Dylan blinked. "Is this witchcraft?" His head steady, unblinking.
   "Yes."
   Dylan wasn't sure and he hadn't drunk anything at the overly compensating lodge, so he wasn't drugged. Burn's right eyebrow shot up.
   "Overly Compensating Lodge?" He wasn't sure what that meant.
   Dylan smiled. "You can still read my mind?" Burn nodded, crossing arms across his muscular chest. "Yes, Overly Compensating. You'd clearly overcompensated for something lacking in your life." He let his gaze wander down Burn's abdomen, landing between his legs. Burn followed his gaze and when realizing what he was looking at, furrowed his brows and stabbed Dylan in the chest.
   "Look, kid, there's nothing I've got to compensate for." He leaned back. This wasn't going at all like he planned. Dylan grinned.
   "Oh, so you've got nothing there." He started to rise, "good to know." 
   Burn's face turned an impressive mauve, considering everything was blue. A large hand grasped Dylan's shoulder slamming him down in the chair. Dylan could hear heavy, angry breathing. He could admit he was a little concerned for his safety.
   "Listen child, drop the sarcasm and juvenile humor. I'm just not in the mood!" He growled more than he would have liked and saw the young man's eyes grow and big wide. He then realized he was starting to transform. This wasn't at all what he had in mind. He was beginning to wish he'd brought Wiliam like he originally planned. 
   The tiny man's legs swung uselessly as he tried to get off the chair, which greatly amused Burn. He could keep him in the chair as long as he liked, since his hand was still on the irritating child's shoulder.
   "For one thing, i'm not at your disposal, which you seem to think your oversized ego can institute your will over anyone you damn well please. And for another, I'm NOT your child!" Burn wanted to squeeze the tiny shoulder until he remembered another. Her sacrifice was not going to be in vain.
   He popped up from the chair, standing right in front of Dylan, his face turning an impressive brilliant red, exploded at the tiny man with the big mouth. His breathing was ragged, he could feel fur growing on his face, neck and claws reaching out his fingertips.
   "YOU ARE MY FUCKING CHILD AND YOU WILL SIT HERE AND GODDAMN WELL LISTEN TO WHATEVER I HAVE TO SAY. MY WORD IS LAW AROUND HERE!" 
   Upon reflecting his words later, he would suggest to himself he probably could have phrased that better. But in the heat of the moment, after 23 years, he was THIS close to getting out and finding his body. 
   Dylan's face turned translucent, his pale blue eyes shone like beacons, unlike anything he'd ever seen. Slowly, he began seeing fur growing out the man's narrow neck, heart-shaped face and slender forearms. Looking down, he would reflect later, cute little claws poked out the fingertips. He was half wolf! He was bursting with pride when Dylan waved his arm, much like Burn had done in creating the chairs.
   "I am so done with you." Dylan whispered, which now greatly concerned Burn. He missed the shouting fury and arguments they'd had the past few months. With a brilliant pale blue flash, Burn was thrown several yards backward and landed hard on his butt on an outcropping of blue granite. That hurt. What hurt more was Dylan was nowhere in sight. 
   He had his Mother's magic. 
   It wasn't the magic he imbued in the painting that Burn was drawing from.
"Well shit." he mumbled to a passing blue caterpillar on the rock.
*******
   Hunk had just finished explaining about Burn, Dylan and the disappearance when there was a light knocking at the door. Straw opened and smiled. He leaned down and drew Soroya over the threshold. At five foot even, she couldn't just step over the trick step. Soroya meant Princess and her last name, Gill, meant protected. Which was certainly true. Her parents, first generation Americans, had insisted she become more American, wearing American clothing, allowing some light eye shadow when she graduated high school. She immediately entered college and graduated after three years of continuing classes in business. 
   She was employed by the town in finance, worked hard which earned her the respect of her coworkers, the pack and the nearby Native American community. Her caramel skin and long shiny black hair always glowed with health. Her parents were protective of their only daughter. Now Marc and the Pack were also protective of her. She was grateful and never took advantage of the large men. Her fiance was a foot taller than her and she was careful never to take advantage.
   "Hello Straw" she waited for him to lean down so she could kiss his cheek. She had the entire pack wrapped around her slender pinky. She waved, kissed and laid her gentle hand on friends as she walked through the group. From the central hallway, a few more women walked in chatting. Her friends had scented her arrival and carefully walked slowly. She was still getting used to her friend's abilities. However, Soroya didn't know everything.
   "Soroya!" Seeing her friends, she gave a big smile.
   "River! Stream! Cornflower!" She at first thought the parents were all new age new millenial hippies but now understood the second-generation parents had a difficult time understanding people-names. They had wanted their children to better blend in with the humans. 
   After ten seconds hugging and greetings, she nodded an apology at the tall, kind of scary Aunt Rose, Hunk and Diesel. She had understood that the lodge was under cousin Hunk's direction with cousin Diesel in charge whenever Hunk wasn't around. 
   She ignored Marc completely, shoulder hugged Luke, smiled at Rust and gave double hugs to Wiliam and Wilma. She truly loved her to-be Parents-in-Law. She had known Dylan was adopted, with the lighter coloring and loved him just the same. 
   "Any word on Dylan?" She asked Wilma, not realizing she should have directed the question at Rose first. Rose smiled at the innocence and leaned back in the chair. Soroya took Wilma's hand and sat in chair that appeared in a slight of hand by Rust, next to Wilma. Wilma glanced at Rose, who shrugged and raised an eyebrow. 'Whatever you're comfortable relating,' was the meaning.
   Wilma grasped her son's fiancee's hand. "We know where he is and who has him." She answered. Soroya gasped, retrieving her smartphone from her tiny handbag. She wasn't one of those high maintenance girls that Marc had dated in high school. They all had stars in their eyes upon seeing the lodge and the Walker estate. They did not last long in the Walker household. Wilma placed a gentle hand on the phone.
   "We need to call the police, Mrs. Walker!" Soroya was nervous and scared for Dylan. 
   Wilma gave a generous smile and brought the girl to her chest. 
   "Now, no need for police. The family friend just needed help with something that only Dylan apparently can help with." 
   "But, this looks like the entire organization." Soroya hadn't been entirely told everything. She knew the large group was bound together, that they were protective of each other, the environment and protected people. She had asked Marc when they first dated if they were the mob but Marc softly laughed and told her no. But whomever crossed them would find themselves in danger. They just preferred to be left alone and treated with respect. That was something she and her parents could understand. So, whenever they saw one of the group in town and were vocally abused, they stood tall (for their five-foot heights) and berated whatever bully that was responsible.
   A few times the wolves had to show who was in charge when the aforementioned bullies tried to retaliate. The Gills never knew. Rose and Hunk agreed they never would. The bravery they showed impressed the entire pack and the Native American friends.
   "Oh, so what do we do now?" She asked Wiliam with big innocent eyes. Rose nodded at Hunk who leaned over Wiliam, "We wait to see how we can help."
   "Alright." Soroya answered, confused at the large gathering for a simple misunderstanding. She finally realized the wall was open and looked inside the room. Seeing the mural, she gasped.
   "That is gorgeous! You can just feel the energy!" She raised her hand to push at the energy field. Rust raised his eyebrows at Rose. Rose cleared her face from any emotion. She knew the girl's parents were more in tune than other humans. Maybe their nationality opened their other senses. Rose could bet her favorite Peridot earrings the Gills knew about the Wolves. Rose leaned towards the girl. 
   "So, what are you feeling from the painting darling girl?" Rose gave a rare smile, which she invariably gave to Soroya. Marc was so grateful everyone loved his fiance. 
   Soroya wondered how to answer. Her parents usually suggested silence on her gift. But if she were to join Marc (whom she was still mad at for not telling her about Dylan's disappearance and not showing up at the tasting) she would have to tell everyone here. She took a deep breath. 
   "Well, I have the ability to read paintings, art, writing. I majored in business so I could get a better grip on the value, historically." Marc had been nervous, because if she read some of the art of the Pack, that could be disastrous. He needn't fear because Rose smiled. 
   Rose leaned back again, gazing at the blue strokes and turning her gaze to the girl. "And, what do you read into this painting?" Rose was expecting a discourse on brush strokes, or commentary on the use of blue hues and shades. She wasn't expecting what came out.
   Soroya arose from the chair, gave the painting her full attention. 
   "Hope. Beauty. Love." She turned and gave Rose her full dazzling smile. 
   "The painter loves life, is a realist, has or had, two great loves in his life." Wilma gave her sister a wide-eyed gaze. Wiliam was slackjawed. 
   Soroya felt Rose's big energy behind her and wasn't surprised to feel hands lightly on her shoulders.
   "What else, girl?" Rose held her breath.
   Soroya was quiet for a full minute. "There's another energy, younger, angry, confused." She held out her arms and stepped into the open office. She gasped as she felt the painting eagerly trying to draw her in. Before Marc could race through the bundle of chairs, Rose and Rust each grabbed a shoulder and painfully pulled the girl back over the line demarking the main area. Their breaths were hard and fast. Soroya turned to Rose.
   "Dylan's in there." 
It wasn't a question.


Chapter Four
   The pull from the painting shook Burn's attention from his missing son. He sat up from the boulder.
   "What the hell?" He looked over at the blue sky where he knew the painting ended on the near side. He stood up. 
   "Who was that?" He wondered. He raised both arms, to feel the magic from the painting but nothing was there now. Then he got an answer. The painting had tried to pull a Seer. The only Seers he knew were of Indian descent. The only one he knew was an old, old friend in San Francisco who didn't travel. Odd. 
   Then he started thinking. The energy was young. Human-young. Mid to late 20s? And feminine. The only one he could think of was probably a girlfriend of Marc's. Neither Hunk nor Diesel had interest in human women and Luke? Burn sighed. Luke was just plain scared. Had always been, since a baby. He could scent it. He hoped Rose and Wilma were being smart about this. 
   He had bigger problems to deal with. Several hours had passed and thought Dylan had calmed down by now.  He hoped. 
   Burn brightened again. He had another wolf son! Well, half-wolf. And half-magic. Half-earth magic. A half-wolf, half-witch son who was royally pissed at him. Why was life never easy?
   'If life were all rabbits in warrens, no self-respecting Wolf would want to live.'
The memory of his Father rushed forward. Burn had never understood the saying. Rabbits were never caught in their warren and were more difficult to catch than deer, for example. 
   'Fast food my furry ass', he thought. 
   On the other hand, this particular rabbit was in a warren. Burn walked a few feet. He had felt the big rush of Earth Magic half a second after Dylan disappeared. At least he couldn't leave the painting. Or maybe he didn't realize he had the power? Burn's mood lightened exponentially. This was good, he thought as he rubbed his large calloused hands together.
   'He's on the north side of the Moor, over the Fjord and beyond the hill. Directly caddy-cornered from my home, on the opposite corner here.' He pointed behind him, where he originally wanted to take the boy. 'That's where he put his house.' 
   "As far away from me as he could get." Burn said to himself miserably. He wondered if Wilma and Wiliam had to deal with children who ran away. They raised three kids, so maybe? Neither he nor Rose would have dared. Wilma had run away from the Andersons once. He knew because an Uncle vowed to watch Wilma and reported back to Father. Wilma, at that age, probably 8 or 9, knew of the Wolves and the difference between natural wolves. Being human didn't remove the lecture from two very worried Wolf parents. Some things never changed. 
   Ah, the Andersons. Basel and Mariemma Anderson. But, he was getting ahead of himself. His Father and Mother met around 180 years ago, both having passed about 40 years previously. They had met during an arranged mating between rival packs. Arranged mating was hit or miss, if the couple didn't like each other, that was just too bad. Mating and pups were expected. The fact that they loved each other at first sight was a bonus. 
   A pup was totally dependent on his or her parents for their first year. They shared parental responsibilities, the Mother provided milk, the Father provided energy and health. The packmates fought on babysitting rights. 
   The pup of an Alpha was expected to mate upon puberty, usually between fifteen and twenty, in human years. That was usually between seven and eleven in wolf years.  His Father was an Alpha at birth and upon mating, was turned out and expected to make his own Pack a year later. He could take a beta sibling or pack mates with him, if he so chose. He had opted to take Rose, his Alpha sister, who split her time between his pack and her own when she turned twenty in human years. She travelled to Central America and came back with Rust and his litter mates. He was the strongest beta he had ever met.
   When Burn was born, there was a difficult wildfire in the northwest region of the U.S. Naturally, his parents heard some humans discuss the fire and misunderstood the term and named him Burn. He remembered his Father's consternation when he was an active pup, getting into trouble. He was always having to be quiet after barking whenever a deer was being stalked for dinner. He just got excited about a hunt. That was when Father discussed Rabbits in Warrens. Then Rose was born. Ahead of himself again.
   Their Mother was always scenting farther and farther from the forest. One day she had reached the far side, many hundreds of miles east, just shy of the big mountains. Now he knew they were called the Cascades. Mother was scenting something sweet.  Sweeter than the small sugar flowers in the forest. She had been over-confident hiding in the tall grasses. 
   'What was that sweet scent?' 
   His mother had related the story long ago. She twisted back and forth as she travelled forward. Her nose poking forcefully forward when she abruptly found her nose in the middle of a soft puddle of mist. Confusion clouded her wolf face. Then she scented a human.
   The young woman was busy working in the garden her great grandmother planted years and years before. Just 18 and married, her twenty-year-old husband of three months was out hunting for a deer or other large animal. That would keep them in food for months. That and the large, verdant vegetables from her garden. Her garden, now. Well, her Great Grandmother's garden. It was up to each descendent to add her own touch and enlarge the patch. The garden was up to a quarter acre now, she grew everything. She especially loved the large pink and white roses with the heavy scent. She leaned forward to inhale the heady aroma and bumped noses with a wolf. A very large wolf. Their eyes were wide with astonishment.
   "Oh," the woman started, "hello there, Miss." Her Mother and Grandmother instilled a respect for Nature. Respect Nature and Nature Will Respect you back.
   "So glad to meet you, Miss. Are you new to the neighborhood?" She mused.
   "My name is Emma Anderson. Glad to meet you." She nodded her head like she was greeting the town empress. Or, the woman who imagined herself as the town empress. Shaking her head at the gossipy thought, she took the wolf in stride. A beautiful tawny brown with white streaks and the most big, wonderful pools of cinnamon Emma had ever seen.
   "Why, you have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen!" Emma's childhood friend had always chided her for speaking to animals and insects like they could understand her. However, this very large wolf had the most intelligent eyes she had ever seen.
   The wolf gathered the woman in detail. Petite, open in her heart and mind. She couldn't understand the words, but understood the woman's mind. She and the new Pack were wary of humans, her mate had told her. They hurt packmates with hard and fast pebbles, so avoided them. Let the slower, stupid nature wolves fend for themselves after they refused to cooperate. 
   This EmmaAnderson woman was open and gentle. The wolf laid down in front of the sweet-smelling flowers. Her own wolf mother explained the difference between poison sweet flowers and harmless sweet flowers. She was taken to understand this sweet flower was harmless because the open woman had her (rather short) muzzle directly in the flower as well. Poor hairless thing, how did she breathe and scent? 
   "Oh, you like the roses? My Great Grandmother planted these...well.... I guess a hundred or so years ago, now. I don't know the name but they have the most heavenly scent. Sometimes I take a break from my garden," she waved her small, delicate hand over the vegetables the wolf recognized and nodded her understanding, "to smell and remember my ancestors. Oh, my goodness, you nodded!" 
   The wolf stood, hearing her mate calling in her mind, they would meet before the sun dove under the far side, half way in the forest. 
   "Oh, you're leaving? Ok, darling. Come back anytime. Base will be back soon. That's my husband, Basel Anderson, he's out hunting." Upon seeing the fear on the wolf's face, she quickly added, "He's on the other forest," she pointed behind the pale-yellow house with pink trim, "there are meaty deer and other animals he hunts to feed us." EmmaAnderson gazed behind her, brought a delicate hand to her mouth, smiling, she leaned forward towards the Rose veil between her and the Wolf.
   "Between you and me, I have a surprise for Base tonight. Or, more a secret!" She giggled and the Wolf found the sound pleasant. She walked forward, her muzzle deep between the sweet smelling 'roses'. The woman slowly pushed her face between the roses and the Wolf decided that was ok. 
   "I'm going to give Base a baby!" She giggled softly and blushed. The Wolf scented deeply, understanding she was growing a pup. The Wolf smiled and nodded her head. 
   "You too? Oh, how wonderful! Please come back." 
   The Wolf nodded. 'Yes, EmmaAnderson, I'll be back.'
   He walked over to the chair he previously sat on and lowered himself. He rubbed the seat of the other chair. The anger was still on the chair. Burn sighed and leaned back, arms behind his head staring at the blue painted sky. 
'Rabbits in Warrens'.


   Soroya Gill turned to Rose and Rust after nearly getting sucked in the painting. 
   "Who magicked the painting?" She inquired, turning her head side to side. That hurricane-like wind was strong. And not natural. Before the two could answer, Wiliam did.
    "I did." Wilma nodded, smiling sadly.
   "You, Mr. Walker?" He added another sad smile. "How? Why?" 
   "Darling," Rose began, "Burn had some rather difficult enemies after him. He had to do something to protect himself and his family." 
   "Oh, alright..." the girl was confused. 
   "How did the Grand Alpha know you had magic?" Rust asked Wiliam.
   "Grand...?" Soroya was horrified. Grand Dragons were that horrible leaders of the hate group. She shot Rust a fearful gaze. Were they after...
   "No, our sweet little plum," Rust used her parent's childhood pet name for her, "Burn is the head leader of this group, the title is just that, a title. It just happens to be 'Grand Alpha'. Nothing untoward or sinister.  Everyone here is perfectly safe." He gave a protective thought over to the frightened girl, who immediately relaxed. Marc gave a very warm thank you in his look, Rust just nodded. Maybe he shot too much safe and protective thoughts at her, because she blurted out a question she normally would not have.
   "Why did your parents name you Rust? Why not Steele, the strongest metal on the planet?" She was still under the spell. Rust gave a very Wolf-like grin.
   "Because Rust eats Steele." She giggled and Marc rolled his eyes at the flirting and playful banter. Wolves could be the most playful creatures, in both canine and human forms. However, if they were under attack or felt backstabbed or doublecrossed, they could be your worst enemy. Soroya turned to Wiliam and asked a question.
   "Are you a Witch, or Warlock?" 
   "Me, no. Burn said I had enough magic in my blood to make the paint and brushes powerful enough for the spell." 
   "Wiliam," Rose began, "just who in your family was a Warlock or Witch?" Rose watched Wiliam slightly scrunch his face, which for him, meant he was in deep thought. He was remembering their earlier conversation. She sensed no guile or deceit. Rust nodded his agreement in her assessment. So, did Hunk and Diesel. Marc and Luke just watched the interplay with interest. 
   "Let me see," Wiliam started, "I think it was a far Grand Uncle. He was rumored to acquire wealth and land suddenly somewhere here in Washington State. There were all sorts of rumors about him, shifting and swirling down the family."
   "What was the rumor, Wiliam?" Rust asked, using his influence to jostle the memory. 
   Wiliam turned to Rust, laughing, "Why, that he was a full-fledged, elbow deep with the crows, black heart Witch!" He was silent again but his face was still slightly scrunched. Rose knew there was something else.
   "Is there something else, Wiliam?" The entire main warehouse full of Men, quiet.
   "Just that he was vain or something." He shook his head at the memory. Rust cricked his neck at the effort it took to help his friend dig up the memory. 
   "So, that's why Burn asked you to read the spell?" Wilma asked her husband. 
   "Yes...I mean, no.  He didn't know about the Uncle, he just scented me."
   "Scented you?" Soroya asked, very confused. Everyone had forgotten she was there. This was becoming problematic. Rose wasn't sure what to do. Humans normally weren't involved in Wolf issues. But, Wilma was the first human born to two Wolves in a century and a half. That had changed life exponentially for everyone. Some in the pack wanted their Father to kill the human child, others simply said the world was changing and they had to get with the times or die out.
   Outside a car slowly pulled up in front. One door opened and closed, then a second door opened and closed.
   "Mr. and Mrs. Gill are here." Straw announced from his post at the door.
   "Show them in, please." Hunk asked, looking over at Marc. Marc looked lost and Luke was so afraid. 'What in the world is Luke so afraid of all the time?' Hunk asked himself, throwing the thought out to only his family. Diesel shrugged his shoulders and Rose was quiet. 
   A soft knock at the door, a greeting.
   "Mrs. Gill, you remembered the step." Straw's genial voice carried over the thick tension. Straw was seen moving a tiny human with upraised arms, his huge hands carrying the human from the porch to the main floor. He repeated the gesture with a smartly dressed man of Indian nationality. The two greeted Straw as old friends, a few Wolves in their Human forms, greeted them as well.
   "Soroya, my plum!" Mrs. Balqis (distinguished or after Queen of Sheba) Esme (esteemed) Gill strode quickly for someone with such short legs. Mr. Gill's stride was slower but no less quick. Mrs. Gill noticed Rose and gracefully floated towards the woman, who towered over her.
   "You simply look divine! I remember, the conference? You must have slayed them!" She winked, catching Rose slightly by surprise. 
   Mr. Sanjar (meaning King) Gill, taking a quick glance at the crowd, turned towards his daughter.
   "My darling girl, why don't you show your Mother and I the offices, I must see what plans I can steal for my own businesses." His eyes twinkled. Everyone knew he didn't need help designing the strip malls around the country. Somehow, the Gills knew. Everything. 
   Soroya was so confused, she didn't know what to do. Rose put up her hand.
   "No need, Esme." Mrs. Gill arched a perfectly plucked eyebrow.
   "You are certain, Rose?" NO one else, outside family, called her Rose. Mrs. Esme Gill was highly regarded by Rose, apparently. 
   "Yes. Since she will marry Marc soon, she will learn of the Pack." Mrs. Gill walked to her daughter again.
   "My sweet little plum," Mrs Gill caressed her daughter's beautiful hair. Why shouldn't the world see her healthy beauty? "You will witness something very few humans have ever seen. Or ever lived to witness."
  "What are you saying?" Soroya knew there was something amiss.
   "We are saying, there are things in the world that Science cannot explain. Things that happen that have no explanation." Mr. Gill took his daughter's shoulders firmly. 
   Rose nodded firmly back. She contorted her shoulders, gasped, arched her back and groaned. She hunched over further, her nose elongating, narrowing, her jaw cracking, elongating and narrowing. Soroya could not shift her gaze even if she wanted to. She stared, horrified, entranced. Her fiance's somewhat scary Aunt Rose was terrifying. 
   Rose always thought the transformation was agony. Bones breaking, reforming into sharp angles, her brain even changing shape to fit the skull. Then she was done.
   Soroya came to herself, screeched and involuntarily turned to run. Someone grabbed her shoulders.
   "Sweet thing, Straw is here, girl." He held her small shoulders gently, her parents at her back, rubbing and caressing. "Do you know who I am?"
   Soroya Gill gulped in deep, ragged breaths. 
   "Yes, you're my friend, Straw. My fiance's friend at the lodge. We have lunch together occasionally at the BBQ Grill in town." She rested her forehead on the giant man's sternum. "OH MY GOD, everyone here is a....Wolf!" She shrank a bit.
   Straw put his beefy arms around the girl's shoulder. He looked over at Marc, who had tears streaming down his face and knew the man couldn't bear seeing the woman he loved so torn. Rust took a step sideways and gave a protective hug.
   Soroya pivoted, staring at Marc, Luke and their parents. "Are all of you...Wolves....too?" Her voice an octave higher.
   The wolf on the floor, gave Wilma a look, who nodded and started to walk to Soroya. Soroya shrank a bit, so Wilma stopped. She looked at Wiliam, who nodded.
   "No, sweetie, I'm human. Wiliam is human, so are Marc and Luke. We're all the same as we were before. Aunt Rose is the same, Rust is the same. Straw is the same."
   "How can you be human?" Soroya was now curious but not enough to leave Straw's shadow. If she had logically thought about this, she would have laughed at her own fear. Now was not the time.
   "No one knows, sweetie. Sometimes a human is born to wolves." She tried to shrug carelessly. She felt fur under her fingers. Tell her. 
   "Our parents were Wolves, Burn, Rose and me. They got the gene, I didn't. I couldn't pass it on, either. You've been dating Marc for a year now, Darling girl. You knew the lodge was different and you didn't care. Do you care now?"
   Soroya heard the woman she loved like a second mother. Her own Mother came forward.
   "This is my fault." She proudly stood there. 
   "How is this your fault, Esme?" Rose asked.
   "You know we come from a family of seers." Rust nodded.
   Mrs. Gill turned to her daughter. "You know, of course."
   "Of course, Mother." 
   "When you were a child, you became so frightened of Seeing. Your father and I discussed it and came to the conclusion at once."
   "Which was?" Soroya was dreading the answer.
   "We had to bind your ability. That is why you can only read pleasant, happy things. You would have nightmares" Mrs. Gill sadly spoke, the memory of a frightened, shivering child with a wet face and sweaty hair plastered down her arms and neck.
  So much made sense now. The childhood nightmares, the fear. Her parents had been right. But if she had her ability, her full ability, she could have sensed the Wolves.
   "Would it have made such a difference, my Sweet Plum, if you knew beforehand? Would seeing a human change to a Wolf had been less frightening?" Her father, always loving and logical, threw the obvious statement out to her. She grasped immediately and wrung it out.
   "No, you both were right." She turned to Straw. "And you'll always be my friend, Straw." She hugged and turned around. 
   "Now that is done, Rose needs to scent Wiliam for the magic he used." She turned to her husband and her sister.  "Both ready?" Both nodded. 
   Soroya watched as Aunt Rose, the most gorgeous Red Wolf with brilliant green eyes, jumped her forelegs on Wiliam's chair then on his shoulders. He held the Wolf's body, to stabilize the tenuous balance she had. The Wolf pushed her muzzle into her brother-in-law's neck, right over his carotid artery. He knew if she wanted, all she had to do was use her powerful jaws to snap his neck or teeth to rip out his arteries. 
   Wiliam continued to hold his Sister-In-Law, she was scenting, sniffing and tasting. Rust looked on, as well as Hunk did. After fifteen minutes, Rose jumped backward and on the floor. Her large, bright green eyes landed on Hunk. 
   "No, I trust your judgement, Queen. I wouldn't disrespect you by scenting Wiliam. Besides, I don't know what to scent for." He nodded his head deeply, Diesel followed the gesture. The Wolf, Hunk had called Aunt Rose, 'Queen'. Soroya realized this was an entire civilization no one on Earth realized was among them. She understood the privilege. Her gaze landed on Rust, who smiled gently and nodded his head at her.  Had he read her thoughts, like she read an Artist's work? 
   Rust hurried over to Rose, holding up her overcoat from the chair. Soroya could hear the bones re-breaking, mending and saw Rose's head. Rose stepped into her dress and brought it up her body. Soroya blushed at the intimacy and wanted to give the woman her privacy. Straw gave a low laugh and gently pushed her head back to Rose.
   "In our world, to turn your head on the Queen is disrespectful, Soroya." Straw explained. Rose was now dressed and seated. Her gaze drew Soroyas. Her parents hadn't moved a muscle, their faces, placid, even smiling. 
   "This is a privilege, my Plum." her Father grasped her hand to emphasize the importance.
   "When you mate.... marry, Marc, you may be called upon to help one of our kind dress like this." Rose's face was still kind, her voice gentle, but the meaning was crystal clear. 
   "What you have, Wiliam, is an old, old, ancient magic." She saw Wiliam blanch. "Not enough to do any damage," She laughed, Wiliam's face lightened. "Less than one quarter of one percent, perhaps. I'm surprised Burn could even scent the magic."
   Wiliam blushed a little and Rose raised an eyebrow. This could be interesting.
   "Remember that Men's retreat Burn and I went on two summers before he disappeared?" Rose thought back, laughing.
   "Oh yes, it was a Men's Movement or Reaching the Inner Caveman or something." She gleefully shouted. Wiliam laughed and Wilma only shook her head, grinning.
   "He reveled in it." Wiliam leaned back, his head casually falling, then straightening. "The yelling, shouting, beating on drums. His face was so alight with fire. I was exhausted. I fell asleep after the New Moon Ceremony."
   'It was based on a Native American recharging ceremony, you know. We learned it at the NA School." Rose announced, reliving her childhood days.
   "That night, I woke to Burn, kneeling on all fours over me, with a look of pure concentration. He announced he wanted to scent me." Wiliam related, laughing all the time.
   Wilma laughed, having been woken by Burn scaring her, as all children do. The NA headmaster, Chief Sequoia, watching from a darkened corner, watching so the two Wolves didn't harm the human sister. He needn't have worried. 
   "What did you do seeing big, bad Burn right over you?"
   He looked Wilma directly in her eyes. "When a Wolf wants to scent you, you damn well let him scent you." Everyone joined in the laughter.
   Soroya finally deigned to look at her fiance. 
   "I ordered the German Dark Chocolate Wedding Cake with Chocolate Ganache." Marc was so still, she wondered if he were asleep while standing. She saw Luke elbow his brother. He shook slightly.
   "I love chocolate." 
   'Honestly', she thought.


Chapter Five
   "And Bless this Land and the People in it." Merriemma Anderson finished the Blessing of the Land when she felt another's presence. Hoping the visitor wasn't the neighbor with the black soul, she peered out from the thick vines and stalks of her garden.
   "Oh, my gorgeous friend!" Emma announced, seeing the Tawny Wolf at the pink and white roses. The Wolf nodded in greeting. Emma picked up the Magic Basket her Mother had kept in the cellar. Amongst the fruits and vegetables was a small cabinet, where the Ancestral Women's Book was kept. Basel Anderson was across town helping neighbors rebuild a home destroyed in a wildfire. 
   Emma sat by the roses and the Wolf laid down as well. 
   "Hello, friend. Long time since your last visit." The Wolf nodded. A squeal brought Emma's attention from her friend. The Wolf looked around the pleasant EmmaAnderson and saw a large, hairless pup. "Oh, that's my baby, Tom. Thomas Anderson." Emma was glowing but looked a bit tired. Emma walked over to the blanket, picked up the 'baby'...odd name for a pup, but he was EmmaAndersons. Emma sat back down with a baby basket and the blanket. She spread the blanket down and set the basket alongside her.
   "This, my friend, is Thomas." Emma proudly held out the baby for the Wolf's inspection. The Wolf sniffed the baby, who at that very moment scrunched his little face and a terrible smell assaulted the Wolf's nose. 
   "There's something wrong with your ugly, bald pup." Wolf wanted to say, but Emma laughed.
   "Oh, my big boy needs changed." Wolf watched in horrific fascination as Emma undressed the 'baby' boy, cleaned, powdered and re-dressed him. 
   'Just let him squat under the leaves, like any other Wolf' she thought to Emma. Again, he was her pup. She could do whatever she wished. 
   "There, all clean again!" Emma turned to her friend with the gorgeous, large cinnamon colored eyes. The Wolf sat stock still, and grinned.
   "Do you have something to show me?" Emma grinned back. The Wolf looked behind her, the tall grasses parted and her mate, the Alpha, walked forward. He was the largest Wolf Emma had ever seen. And if she hadn't already known her friend, she would have been scared.
   The Alpha, carried the squirming, wriggly pup, named Burn in his teeth. He could hear his brother, his chosen second, beyond the grasses, laughing at his attempt to carry the little bug. Emma's eyes widened in wonder.
   "Your baby is so handsome!" The Wolf thought that was a good thing. Her mind was full of life and love. Burn escaped his tired Father and ran towards the garden, wanting to explore the huge red balls on vines. Emma startled a bit when another huge Wolf ran from the tall grasses, pounced on the pup, head firmly in muzzle and dropped the now defeated pup in front of the female Wolf. 
   Emma laughed as her friend placed a large paw firmly on the pup's tail. 
   "Oh, I know what you mean. This little one is crawling all over the place. Sometimes I feel he needs a little bell on his neck." She was laughing again, then suddenly gasped in horror. Her friend followed the woman's gaze and her own eyes were wide with fear. Not far from her mate was the largest poison snake, her Mother taught her to avoid. Now here? That didn't feel normal. 
   "Ok, darling, do you trust me?" Emma gave her friend a hard, long look. The Wolf drew her mate's gaze, who said, 'If you trust her, we trust her.' She returned Emma's gaze and nodded. Emma reached behind the roses, brought out a rifle. She stared at the Alpha.
   "I'm going to shoot the snake, kind Sir. Please do not move." The Alpha knew these 'rifles' shot the fast and hard pebbles. His mate's friend wouldn't double cross the Pack, would she?"
   Emma held the rifle stock still, just like her husband Base taught her. He was patient with her right after their marriage, to ensure she could protect herself when he was gone to work or hunt. She pulled the trigger just as the snake was about to strike the Alpha. The head disintegrated. The Alpha bowed his head to the human woman in gratitude. 
   Emma returned the bow and looked at her friend. "There's been an increase in bad things happening." She looked worried, some sort of gaze far in the distance. The Wolves could see another human, far on the horizon, standing unnaturally stock still but eventually turned and walked away.
   The Pack was in EmmaAnderson's debt.
   "WoooWoooWooWooo!" The tiny pup was howling in fear, thinking his Father had been shot. Cinnamon picked up her baby in her muzzle, turned and plopped him down by his Father's chest. The tiny pup rooted around his Father's fur, began suckling the energy and health, like his Father and done and His father had done.
   Burn woke with a start. He hadn't thought of suckling his father's nipple for energy nor Emma Anderson in decades. In two decades, as a matter of fact. What had brought that memory? He had been just a pup, a few months old and a thorn in his Father's side, he laughed outloud. He did remember the blast and cried when he thought his Father, the Alpha, had been killed. Fast pebbles. Gun shot. How the memories came.
   Rose was conferring with Hunk over some security matter, Diesel was laughing with Marc and Luke over a childhood run-in with boys from different schools, public for the latter two and native for the former. Wilma and Wiliam were discussing vacation spots with Rust and one of his Packmates in Central America after Burn and Dylan came back. The large majority of the Pack had left, leaving around 50 milling around the large main hall. Soroya and her parents had departed for home, to talk about unbinding her Seer ability and what that meant.
   In the center of the hall some sort of commotion was happening. The Wolves were on alert but couldn't find anything amiss. A bright sparkle of white light flashed, several Wolves transformed in an instant, Rust and Diesel shoved the humans behind them and crouched for whatever was appearing. Hunk crouched beside the Queen, who threw off her heels and hunkered down. The sparkle exploded and a small, beautiful, almost translucent woman appeared.
   She had blond-grey hair, a heart shaped face and a slender body. Rose immediately relaxed, so did the others. The woman and Rose met halfway, reaching out to each other. Rose threaded her fingers in the woman's silky hair, the woman laughed and placed her hand over Roses' heart.
   "Daire Wolf!" Rose exclaimed. The woman laughed merrily, shaking her silky hair. 
   "Rose Wolf!" They hugged with everyone watching the two interact. 
   "What are you doing here? We all thought you were killed." Rose, shocked to see her friend and her brother's lover, held her shoulders, to see if she were real.
   "Someone used my magic. I came to see who would take my Name in such a brass fashion." Daire grinned at the impudence. 
   Rose was confused. "No one here." She gazed about the room.
   "No... Not anyone here, or recently in this plane." Daire allowed her gaze to envelope the group. There was a mix of Wolf and Human. She regarded the humans and focused on Wiliam, who now stood beside Rust. Daire dropped her arms from Rose's shoulders, walked directly to Wiliam. Her soft hand caressed his face. He blushed at the intimacy. Daire had a long, faraway gaze.
   "No... not anyone here, for a long time." She smiled at Wiliam again and noticed movement out her peripheral vision. Her eyes, wide with shock, her smile wide and open. She rushed past Rust and held Wilma in her arms.
   "My darling girl..." She held Wilma's face with one hand and the other running through Wilma's dark, thick hair. "My darling girl..." She smiled again. Wilma wasn't smiling, only confused.
   "I'm sorry, do we know each other?" Rose walked two steps forward, a scowl on her face. 
   Daire's heart-shaped face held another scowl. This wasn't right.
   "Why...yes, darling..." She turned to Rose, who's face held a worried consonance. 
   "How do we know each other?" Wilma knew the woman was obviously a Witch of some sort.
   "We...we met through Emma. Base and Emma?" Daire wondered why...
   Wilma straightened her shoulders. "I'm sorry, who?" 
   Daire could not believe what she was hearing. "Emma..." she turned to Rose, who was now concerned for her Sister. Was this memory loss due to being human? A half-breed? 
   "Wilma, darling, Emma...your foster mother." Daire tilted her head, to see any sign of rememberance. Another movement caused Daire's focus to shift. Luke had sidled out from behind Hunk and was staring at Daire with a look she could not decipher. She dropped her arms from Wilma's shoulders, patted Wiliam's arm and strode over to Marc, who was standing beside his cousin and brother.
   Diare's eyes started to water. "You must be Burn's child." She drew the back of her hand across Diesel's stubbled chin. Diesel, in turn was stunned and couldn't think. He blinked.
   "You're Dylan's Mother." Daire smiled, Wilma gasped, legs quivering, Rust helped her back into the Heir's Chair. Wiliam sat beside his wife and held her hand. 
   "That's why we weren't allowed to see him very much." Diesel whispered. 
   "A Wolf may either love a Witch or despise a Witch," Daire explained. "We all thought it for the best if we limited Dylan's exposure. Afterall, his grandfather..." 
   At the mention of the Grandfather, Luke paled and tried to escape, unnoticed. Rust rushed to him, holding his shoulder. He turned Luke to face him, his face cracked with fear, his eyes wide and haunted. 
   "Luke, what's going on? No need to be afraid." Rust was holding the young man, by the shoulders now. A single tear escaped the frightened gaze.
  "Luke, its Rust. Just tell me." Rust didn't like using his Wolf mind reading but now was the time. Luke was starting to disappear. He quieted himself, feeling Rose and Hunk helping him concentrate. He was aware of Wilma and Wiliam's weaker human minds pushing their strength to him. Luke stiffened, trying to throw off the intrusion of his digging. Rust forgot everything and everyone. He needed to find out why Luke was so afraid all the time. 
   With a pop, he was inside Luke's mind. The memories flooded so fast, Rust could hardly keep up. He was a baby, seeing his parent's faces for the first time. He was watching himself hold him as a baby. He watched his Aunt and Uncle transform into Wolves, laughing joyously. His brother was holding his hand in the shared crib. He saw Rust for the first time. Something stabbed at Rust's heart. He put it aside.
   Luke was a toddler, watching several Wolves jumping and cavorting across the strath. His father was putting a tricycle together. His mother was a baby in his arms. There was a large vegetable garden, he was holding a basket, gathering beans and squash. He, Marc, Hunk and Diesel were sneaking out to a concert. 
   The little hooligans. Right under his nose, literally. He'd save that another time. The memories were jumbled. Why did his memories include his infant mother? Why was he holding himself as a baby? The vegetable garden made sense, the lodge had gardens and many times he and Marc were roped (or punished for some miscreant deed) into gathering harvests. 
   Luke was a toddler, looking up at Rust. The truth hit Rust with the force of a sledgehammer. His own eyes, wet with sorrow. Sorrow that Luke had held who he was secret. That Luke had felt the need to hide who he was. 
   Luke had been in love with Rust since he was two. Tears streamed down Luke's young face. All Rust could see was the two-year-old who was fascinated by the stout, muscular dark man who had the softest, silkiest black fur. Of course, Luke didn't know what love was at two, he only knew, in his child mind that he felt differently. 
   Luke was a teenager, Rust saw, when his brother Marc, flirting with a girl from school. That's when he knew. 
   Rust held onto the struggling young man and his heart broke.
   "Oh Luke." He whispered and gathered the trembling young man to his body, holding on, holding Luke together. It was then he felt Daire's magic, pushing him, helping him. He turned to her and saw Wilma's hand on her shoulder. Luke then broke down in huge, hysterical sobs. Rose was beside them, holding the two of them in her arms. 
   "Oh, my baby nephew." She kissed Luke's soft black hair. Wilma had no idea her son held this secret for so long. If she missed the signs in her beloved son, what else had she missed? 
  Daire walked softly over to Luke and held his chin in her hand. A bright shadow crossed his eyes then disappeared. 
   "Luke," Daire began, "what else is in there?" His eyes got wide and scared.
   Rust ran his hand over Luke's head, caressing the scared young man. Marc had his hand on his brother's back, just realizing what had happened. He had no idea Luke was so scared to talk to him. He felt like the world's worst brother. 
   "Luke," Rust held his gaze again, giving him calm feelings, "Is there anything else you would like to tell me?" Luke looked defeated, finally spilling the final piece. He fearfully grabbed Rust's shoulders, forgetting Aunt Rose, forgetting Hunk, forgetting Diesel, forgetting Wiliam, forgetting Daire. He threw a terrified gaze at his mother.
   His voice was barely above a whisper, but loud enough for all the Wolves and the Witch in his presence.
   "I have memories that aren't mine." His eyes wide, leaning into Rust's chest, his hands gripping the enforcer's tshirt. 
   "Tell me, Luke." He continued holding his shoulders, giving him the secure thoughts. Luke gulped.
   "I remember raising Mom." Rose's eyes widened. Wilma covered her mouth with her hand. How?
   "I remember an old cottage." Daire tilted her head. "I remember a husband. I raised a little boy." Now the memories flooded back and Luke couldn't wait to finally share someone else's memories. Rust didn't understand what was going on. He could fight a handful of powerful Wolves single-pawed, but the quivering, scared boy, in his mind, was beyond him. 
   'Keep him talking.'  Rose told him. He felt the Queen behind him. 
   "What else, Luke?" Diesel was looking at his Alpha, Hunk, who was ill equipped to handle this situation.
   'How had we missed this, brother? How had we missed how lonely and scared our own blood had become?' 
   "I remember a man on a hill. I remember a young maiden with ethereal hair." Daire gasped. Suddenly, she knew. 
   Luke broke down in sobs. He collapsed, Rust held him up easily. Wiliam rushed to his son's side, helping to hold him up. Diesel put a hand on Rust's shoulder, unable to handle the emotion. 
   Out of nowhere, Luke's body convulsed, stiffened and he spoke. A harsh, raspy voice.
   "You'll never get her back Witch! You'll never get any of them back, Filthy Dogs!" Harsh laughter pealed from Luke's throat. Then his heart stopped and he fell to the floor.
   Rust immediately began breathing into the human's body. He tore his gaze to his Queen.
   'Do it.'
   Rust breathed part of his Wolf's soul into Luke.
   Daire let out her own held breath. She shared a look with Rose, saw Wilma's confusion. And she knew. 
   "Rose, I can't explain now. I've run out of time. Opening the door again will take time." Rose understood the panic in her old friend's mind, but not what was causing it. Too many coincidences. 
   Burn. Burn was the common point. Rose nodded and Daire disappeared with a flash.


Chapter Six
   'You can't avoid your son forever, old dog.'
   Burn Wolf sighed. Setting his blue coffee cup in the blue ceramic sink, he walked out his front door. 24 hours had passed and he had to Wolf up. He stared at the morning sky, shades of blue. If he had known he'd be trapped in the painting, he'd've used more color. He sighed again. Hindsight is 20/20. He clapped his hands and arrived across the painting, over the hill. 
   Before his eyes was a stone and glass home, one story, narrow but long. All-natural elements. Great for an Earth Witch. He strode into the home, steeling himself for some sort of blast. Nothing came. This was unusual. He entered the sparse living room. A small couch, table with a lamp. Then a two-person table--that was encouraging. A galley kitchen with a stove, refrigerator and sink. A bathroom with a large standing shower. He noticed the showerhead came to his chest. The sink and toilet rounded out the bathroom. 
   Soft snoring came to his ears and found a bedroom across from the bathroom. His son. Half-Wolf, Half-Witch and all his. His and Daire's. There was a moderate sized chair in the bedroom, he carried to the other side of the bed where he could see Dylan's face. He sat down, wanting to feel his son's skin. He patted the calf that had snuck out from under the covers during the night. He grinned.
   His tiny, tough man. He remembered Hunk and Diesel. Hunk had been born during mealtime. After his birth and cleaning, Burn grabbed a hunk of deer meat for his mate. Hunk smelled the meat and lunged for it, making both of them laugh. So, he was named Hunk, after the chunk of meat. The double meaning wasn't clear to them until years later, when Emma's tinkling laughter explained the meaning. Base knew as well, but never said anything. He learned so much from the humans. Base taught him what it meant to be a human, his father taught him how to be a Wolf. His Mate taught him love. And Daire. Daire taught him Magic.
   Diesel had been born a few years later. He heard the name out the radio decades earlier and loved how it felt across his muzzle. Neither he nor his wife understood until later. She was willing to give their pup the new name. So much time had passed. Time was fuzzy, though. Had he forgotten how time worked? He didn't know. Dylan rolled onto his back, a smile ran across his face. Burn looked closer around the bedroom.
   A full-sized bed, small dresser and open closet with a few clothes hanging. Good, this was good. Dylan was making a home, for the long haul. Hopefully they wouldn't be there that long. There were no wards keeping him out. That was good. Or, Dylan didn't know about them. He just wanted a home and created one. He looked at the walls. Stone walls, wood floors, some synthetic rugs. He grinned, time moved on. No bearskin rugs. At least, thankfully, no wolfskin rugs.
   Using that much magic had depleted Dylan's energy stores. Anger could only take you so far. Burn sighed, ran his calloused palm across his face. The rough texture woke him up and he wanted coffee. Looking at his son, now fur-free, he smiled. He had thoroughly messed up their first encounter. Nowhere to go but up right? 
   Burn figured the coffee pot out and was seated at the table. He had to magic the chair a bit bigger though. He could fit one ass cheek on the former one but it was uncomfortable. He had finished one cup and was enjoying another. Food sounded good and thought Dylan would like to wake up with breakfast. Or lunch, by now. He was frying eggs in the bacon grease and toasting some bread. He decided on BLT's for their first meal together. Dylan groaned from the bedroom. 
   Burn could bet his son had a hangover. Big magic was like getting drunk--heady at the time but miserable the next day. Soon a shower was heard on the other wall. Dylan stumbled into the kitchen from the back of the house, Burn handed him a cup of coffee, smiling.
   "Good Morning, Sunshine!" Burn enthused. Inside, he had crossed his fingers. They had a love-hate playful banter before. Dylan gave the greeting a one-fingered salute.
   'So, he DID inherit something from me. Other than anger, I mean.' His face broke out into a goofy grin. 'Other than the fur and claws.' He took a deep draw of coffee, placed a plate with two sandwiches in front of the tiny, yawning man. Dylan took one sniff of the meal and immediately inhaled the first sandwich. Burn grinned again--he remembered both his other sons doing the exact same things while being growing Wolves. 
   'Hmmm...wonder what his fur would look like?' He found himself daydreaming. Could be white with red spots or streaks. 
   "You look happy." Dylan eyed his...Father? No, Wiliam was his Father. Burn eyed the young man and sat his coffee cup down on the table.
   "You bet!" He just smiled. He wondered if he should broach the subject. Remembering the day before, how he had goaded Dylan into making skin-to-skin contact (necessary for the spell to work), he thought he should explain a bit.
   "You know, we asked Wiliam and Wilma to adopt you. Your mother requested someone she could trust." He threw it out there, hoping Dylan would take the bait. Of course, he did.
   Dylan was quiet, looking out the plate glass window at some blue whales breaking the surface. He had chosen the location well, Burn thought. 
   "Loving more than one person the same way isn't a sin, Dylan." Dylan considered the pronouncement while Burn sat, drinking another cup of coffee. 
   "Who was my.... birth mother?" 
   'Birth Mother?' That was a good term. 
   "She was an open, loving Earth Witch, Dylan." 
   "Did Hunk and Diesel's mother know?" He could only imagine the jealousy.
   "Of course, she did, Dylan. Wolves don't lie or hide the truth. She was full with pregnancy; my mate's time was difficult. Daire was understanding, not wanting to be tied down."
   Dylan sat his coffee down, set the now empty plate aside and regarded the large man. 
   "Really? No jealousy?" His eyebrows shot up adorably. Burn reached over and ran his thumb over them. Dylan leaned back a bit.
   Burn raised both hands in surrender. "Sorry, I just missed everything with you. And most of the other boys as well." Dylan nodded his understanding, picked up his plate, set in in the sink, walked over to the counter, refilling his cup, returning to the table and sat down.
   "No, neither my mate nor my love were jealous. Witches and Wolves have their own sets of rules, Dylan. Not necessarily the same as Man's." 
   "Hmmm." was all Dylan said. He had a lot to think about. "How did you meet?" 
   Burn leaned back, smiling at the memory. 
   "My sister kicked me out of the Pack for a week, my mate was in her final days of pregnancy and I was cranky, fighting with everyone over petty details. Rose, my sister, told me to leave, she didn't care where. I could have fought her, but we would have come to a draw, then I would have been forced to kill her."
   "Wow, she really took a chance." Dylan admitted and admiring this Rose.
   "Yes, she did. And she was right. So, I headed off west for quite some time." He stopped to pour more coffee, but found half a cup left. He emptied the used grounds, spooned more aromatic grounds in the top cup, refilled the tank and leaned back against the counter. 
   "There was a buzzing in the atmosphere around this little cottage. I was in Wolf form, could cover more miles, faster. I didn't even scent the cottage, or the human. That's how our Mother found Emma. Bound right up to the garden, scenting the pink and white roses." He finished the half-cup just as the coffee pot finished. Pouring himself a cup, thought a second, walked over to the table and warmed up Dylan's cup. He returned the pot to the warmer, returning to the table. The galley kitchen was tiny, but he regarded his son, he was tiny.
   He glanced up at the three hanging pot lights in an amber and black swirl glass cover. 
   "Where is the electricity coming from" He looked down at Dylan. Now Dylan was a little uncomfortable.
   "Part solar energy, part wind." He looked away from Burn's curious face. When he disappeared, solar and wind were just daydreams. 
   "Part?" He tilted his head reminding Dylan of a husky, with his thick beard, thick hair and the...yes, he was sure now, fur on his chest and forearms. He fidgeted.
   "...And part electricity." He took a sip.
   Burn leaned forward, arms on the sturdy table and tried to catch his son's attention. "And where is the electricity coming from. That wasn't part of the mural, nor did I add outlets in the magic."
   Dylan gave a wide smile.  "Somewhere?" Burn gave one of those heavy sighs fathers did when their children exasperated them. He began rubbing his temple.
   "Just....tell me Dylan, I won't get mad."
  'You won't wolf out on me?" Dylan quirked his eyebrows, blond and grey. Burn smiled.
   "No, I won't.... wolf-out on you." He laughed inside his mind. The kid came up with some good sayings.
   "I'm drawing on electricity from the lodge." He gave a sigh of his own. 
   'That's ingenious.' 
   Dylan sighed louder this time. "Fine, I created a virtual transformer so I could have hot water for my shower." 
   Burn regarded Dylan. He would also enjoy a hot water shower. 
   "Could you do that for my house? And create a shower big enough?" 
   Dylan saw the hopeful expression on his...Father's face. And he could envision the big man as a Wolf. He did have such an open and honest face.
   "Yes, I can do all that." He drank the last of his coffee. "Why didn't you?"
   "I can only draw on the magic of the painting. I created it as a last-ditch effort to protect the lodge from magic attacks. The magic is old, even ancient. Daire taught me a little and copied some spells she thought would help."
   Burn thought he should tell everything. 
   "Yes, and your Father." He could be the bigger Wolf...no pun intended. 
   "Dad?" Dylan could not have been more shocked. "How? He's not a Witch or Warlock or whatever." 
  "He has some magic in his ancestry and all I needed was the spells to be read. I scented the magic but it took me a long time to realize what it was. Rose is more in tune to that side."
   Dylan was silent, looking around at the sky, the lake with the sea creatures. 
   "My birth mother and my dad created all this?" As much as it hurt to hear Dylan say Wiliam was his father, that is exactly what he wanted. Still, it did hurt a bit. 
   "Did they know you were painting this?" He turned back to Burn.
   Burn shook his head slowly. "Not specifically, though each one could imprint their wishes, desires onto whatever the thing is being spelled.
   "Daire gave her love and wish for beauty. Wiliam gave his wish of love and protection for me, the Pack, the family."
   "So, if you didn't intend to be in the painting, how did you end up in here?" Dylan crooked his head, trying to wrap his mind around the idea.
   Burn stared right in Dylan's eyes, allowing them to glow an Emerald Green. "My soul was ripped from my body, an unintended wish of mine. I was banned from leaving the painting and my body hidden somewhere."
   "Who would do such a thing?" Dylan could not imagine the hate.
   Burn didn't want to just blurt out the truth, however, he didn't want to lie.
   "A malevolent Witch who wished the world went his way. A Witch who turned Dark and couldn't abide seeing any White Witch or Wolf thwart his desires." 
   Dylan whispered the response: "You and Daire." And closed his eyes. 


Chapter Seven
   Straw carried Luke up the chat and dirt driveway, the others trailing behind. Marc, his brother, had taken the experience especially hard. Hunk knew a little of the pain, being their cousin. The door of the community lodge opened, a tall, gray haired man, still quick and sharp walked up and shook Rose's outstretched hand.
   "Queen." 
   "Chief Sequoia." This was an ecumenical Tribe, having their numbers decimated over centuries of war, famine, disease and broken treaties. They entertained the idea from Ecumenical Churches around Washington State, sending representatives of the communal Tribe. The Churches incorporated different religions, beliefs and had success in developing their centers. When they came back, out of the endless meetings and conferences, the N.A.E.C. was born. The Native American Ecumenical Church welcomed anyone from any North American Tribe and any Ancestry. 
   "The White Man's doctors cannot help."
   "No. May I ask for the Tribe's help with my nephew, Luke Walker?" 
   "Do you, Hunk Wolf, Alpha of the Forest Tribe from Burn and his Ancestors, ask this as well?" Wilma and Wiliam could only watch as their young nephew, stood tall and proud, his Wolf Ancestry backing him, asking his former high school principal to help heal his cousin, now in a coma, carried by Straw, who protected her family. 
   'Yes, Great Sequoia, I ask on behalf of my Pack, my Second, my Father, the Queen and her Second, Rust Alamendez."
   "Very well. Enter." Chief Sequoia relaxed his posture and drew Rose into a bear hug."
   "Ah, our little Rose. What have you gotten yourself into now? Hmm?" He gave Wilma a warm smile, reached out his hand to her. She and Wiliam came to him. Wilma received his hand, who drew her to his chest alongside Rose. He broke the circle and held the lodge door open.
   "Straw, please carry him inside and place him on the bed."
   The straggled group entered one by one, unsure what to do or how to do it. Wilma entered after Rose and saw about ten or fifteen Native Americans along one wall, a double bed with what she knew was a healing quilt. Straw carefully laid Luke down, unmoving. He hadn't moved since Rust gave him CPR and left a bit of his own Wolf soul. Even she knew how big a sacrifice that was. For an Enforcer Wolf to help another Wolf with his own life force was something special. To help a human was extraordinary and never heard of before.
   Luke's body gave a shiver, still unconscious. This was all Marc could take. He didn't want to embarrass himself by crying in front of his Father. He stole a look at his Dad, he was looking at Luke's feet. His mom was still crying. What must Aunt Rose, Hunk, Diesel and Rust think of him? He knew he failed to protect his brother. He had to get out of there, so he turned around, hurrying out the door.
   Wilma's automatic reaction was to follow, but Chief Sequoia placed a stilled hand on her shoulder and gave Wiliam a shake of his head. He regarded Rose.
   Hunk gave his brother the nod, so Diesel followed his cousin, the big man with the big humor. Always grinning, always looking for the next fun thing. His big desire to protect all he loved from all harm. He figured his Father, Wiliam instilled the desire after watching how he did. 
   Diesel walked past all the vehicles, past the small parking lot on the other side of the communal hall. A short distance there was a baby Sequoia, over fifty feet tall, with Marc Walker underneath. True, humans had great emotions. He saw that with Aunt Wilma. She was always bringing over sweets for him and Hunk. 
   "This is not for you, nor your Second, the Enforcer Rust." Rose nodded at the Chief's words, the people along the wall walked forward, joined hands with the five or so Wolves and Humans. Chief Sequoia nodded at someone and a chant began.
   Diesel sat back on his heels in front of his broken cousin. The wracking sobs about did him in. As the Second in the Pack, he had done his share of administering and calming. He had no idea Marc had felt responsible for his brother's welfare. He held Marc's chin in his large palm to bring their faces even.
   "Marc?  Marc. Look at me." Diesel knew humans had to be treated a bit calmer than Wolves. 
   Marc was still sobbing. "I failed my brother! I didn't even know he was in pain! I couldn't help my brother." He broke down in hysterical sobs, mumbling about honor, serving and pride. 
   Something was wrong. This wasn't how a human talked. Usually. Marc was taking this especially hard. Diesel more firmly grabbed his cousin's chin, brought his face back up to meet his eyes. He decided to try something.
   "MARC WALKER OF THE FOREST WOLF PACK, LOOK AT ME RIGHT NOW!" Diesel's own cinnamon colored eyes glowed with the order. Marc's eyes immediately snapped to attention, directly meeting the second's command. Diesel fell back on his ass, jaw smacked open. There was no way. NO WAY!? 
   'ALPHA! I NEED YOU. NOW!"
   In the lodge, Hunk Wolf heard his brother's command. His eyes sought the Queen's. She nodded. Hunk held his Aunt Wilma's smaller hand and squeezed slightly. She nodded as well. What had happened?
   Chief Sequoia shook his head slightly at Rose. Rose moved to hold Wilma's hand and they drifted on the sea of Sorrow together. 
   Wiliam dropped to the floor.
   "Something's wrong with all my sons! I can't do anything to help!" Wiliam now cried. He cried for his children's pain. Cried for his inability to help. Rust gathered his friend and rejoined the circle. Rose felt so helpless. She couldn't help laying some of the blame on her Brother. Burn was at the center of all this pain.
   "Burn is not to blame, my little Rose." The chief's voice centered her Wolf mind. 
   "No." She agreed with a small voice.
   "There is another with a black heart. One who wished to stop any joy. Even from his own flesh and blood. Can you agree, little Rose? And you, My Innocent." He directed the latter to Wilma. That's what he'd always called her whenever she would visit her siblings at the Native American School when they wanted to incorporate themselves into humanity. 
   Outside, Hunk discovered his cousin sobbing into his brother's chest, his hands grasping the other's biceps for his life. He gave his brother a questioning glance and was surprised when all Diesel could do was shake his head no, doing all he could to hold back his own tears. Diesel never, or rarely, cried. His own heart was breaking over all that happened. But as Alpha, he couldn't show tears.
   He knelt beside Marc, laying a hand on his shoulder. He looked into Diesel's eyes and discovered a different type of sorrow
   "What's wrong, Diesel?" 
   "Look into his eyes." 
   "What?" Hunk was a bit surprised at the pronouncement.
   "Just...look into his eyes, Hunk." Diesel was giving him a wide, expectant gaze. So, Hunk squeezed Marc's shoulder.
   "Marc, can you look at me?" Marc shook off his cousin's hand from his shoulder, and sobbed even harder. Hunk knew something drastically was wrong. 
   "No, Hunk. Ask him as the Alpha." Diesel's face was so forlorn but he would do as his Second asked, no matter how odd the request sounded.
   "MARC WALKER, AS YOUR ALHA, I DEMAND YOU LOOK AT ME!"
   Marc's head immediately snapped up, his eyes locked on Hunks at once. Once Hunk was gazing in his cousin's eyes, he saw. His arms dropped to the ground, he fell on his haunches and felt tears streaming down his face.
   "How?" Diesel asked as tears streaked his own hardened face. As Wolves, as Warriors, they were trained to separate their emotions from their duties. But this? Hunk continued to look into his cousin's eyes.  He saw his mind.
   They saw a small light grey pup, ears flattened against his tiny round skull, his tiny grey paws covering his closed eyes, tears staining his light grey fur, matted. His tiny tail curled under his body. His inner Pup was alone, scared and shivering with fear.
   "Oh my god." Hunk uttered at Diesel.
   "Marc was supposed to be a Wolf."
*******
   "The wards have been set." Chief dismissed most of the group, only one woman remained and two husky young Natives. "Is the tea ready, Margaret?" The Native American woman, nodded, glancing at Wilma and Wiliam. The back wall slides sideways to reveal a full kitchen in the N.A. Community Center. Luke continued to sleep. Rose, her sister and brother-in-law, were all seated. Straw was talking to the two young men. The Chief sat on Rose's left side, with the other two on her right. Rust had been overwhelmed and chose to go for a run. On four legs.
   Margaret served the four cups of tea in square, white bisque handleless tea cups. She eyed Wilma and Wiliam as the drank the hot, aromatic tea. After a few minutes, they fell asleep.  The two young men picked them up and carried them over to a large queen size bed behind the wall that Luke was sleeping.
   "They will sleep for as long as we need, Rose."
   "I could smell the sedatives. But why?" The Chief only nodded at the door, where Hunk and Diesel were walking Marc, their arms under his. They sat him down and joined their Aunt, whereby Margaret served three more cups of tea. Marc glanced up at his Aunt, who gasped, threw a glance at Hunk, who only responded with silent tears. 
   Marc fell asleep and Straw carried him to another bed beside his brother and parents.
   "This is terrible." Rose shook with rage. "Half my family is missing, the other half is sleeping or in a coma, or devastated."
   "All can be salvaged, my little Rose." Chief Sequoia motioned one of the young men, who left the kitchen and immediately returned with the last person Rose expected.
   "Soroya! What are you doing here?" Rose greeted the young woman, who was fighting tears.
   "Aunt Rose, Mom and Dad unbound my Seeing Ability. I knew this would happen and approached Chief Sequoia, who, apparently, knew I was coming."
   The Chief's eyes sparkled, "Rose, you are blessed to have this young woman on your side. She has been busy."
   "Even I can see that." She eyed the calm young woman, who was looking over where all her in-laws were on beds. "Do you love him, truly, Soroya?"
   "Yes. And I'll do anything to help." She grasped 
   "Good, because I have no idea what to do, girl."
   "I think that's where we can help, Rose." The chief responded.
   Soroya brought out a smartphone, punching the screen and addressed Rose.
   "I've been doing research on Merriemma Anderson and I think I know where she is." 
   A sparkle of light burst in the kitchen, Margaret was nonplussed and the Chief stood, chanting. 
   "Chief Sequoia, Margaret" Daire nodded, respectively.
   "Daire Wolf." He nodded back. "I can only keep the doorway open for a short time, Witch." Chief added, grinning.
   "You know Daire?" Rose was stunned that her world was so small.
   "Not important, Rose. My father did a lot of damage on Emma's own ground. He was powerful then and is even moreso now. If you go with Soroya, Luke and Wilma, three wrongs will be righted. Remember, you must go back in order." Daire gazed behind her and spoke faster. "I've got to go. Be strong, Rose." And Daire disappeared with a pop.
*******
   "Your time is over, Devil Witch!" 
   Merriemma held ward in one hand and her Great Grandmother's Oak Wand, which her Great Grandfather had whittled, stained and varnished after it was carved with runes. Xaphan eyed the foot and a half long wand and silently cursed his sister for creating it. This Witch was cavorting with the others, her wards interfering with his work. 
   "Your influence will not be tolerated with the other Witch. Soon I will have your power. And hers. Your mere dabbling has no chance against my power."
  "Power, Xaphan? You've never created power, you've stolen power. Besides, I think Daire has her own mind. But if you please, I'm a Kitchen Witch. Daire is an Earth Witch." She smirked at the building fury in the Dark Witch. "And our power will never be yours, Black Witch."
   "Never is a long time, Devil Witch." Xaphan could almost taste the power, he wanted it so much.
   A car carelessly pulled up to the yellow and pink cottage, Wilma, her foster daughter ran, leaving the car door open. She was carrying Luke, her youngest.
   "EMMA! Something's wrong! There was a sigil this morning in the..." Wilma just noticed the tall, angry man black mist swirling around him. The mist was almost palpable.
   "YOU!" Wilma held out her arm, her hand flat facing the Dark Witch.
   "WILMA, NO!" Emma dropped everything to run at Wilma, the Dark Witch's deep laughter rang in Emma's ears. Then an explosion hit everyone.
   Earlier in the day, Wilma brought Luke over so Emma could see him properly. Emma's son, Tom and his Daughter, Rose, was on a 'child building exercise' that Burn asked them to go to with he and his eldest, Hunk. Wiliam had been cajoled to go with Marc. Marc was so easy going and willing to go after the "Get in Touch with your Inner Caveman" that Burn had loved so much. 
   Emma cuddled with the handsome baby, Luke. 
   "Take some tomatoes for Burn. I know how he loves them." She laughed at the long-gone memory. 
   "I've heard this story before," Wilma laughed alongside her Foster Mother. 
   "Yes, but seeing Thorn's brother carry him with his powerful jaws, was just too much." Emma clearly enjoyed the memory of Calfuray holding her paw on Burn's tail. "Oh, my goodness. So many memories." 
   Wilma headed out to the garden with the woven basket Emma made decades before. She picked some cucumbers, lettuce and radishes for a salad to go with the decadent tuna melts for lunch. She noticed dark clouds on the horizon and made a mental note to get back home before the storm hit.
   They had a good time, discussing old memories, Wolves from the Forest and family. 
   Soon Wilma was headed home, removed Luke from the safety seat, locked the door and entered through the backdoor of her home. She put Luke down for a nap, put the vegetables on the counter and the tomatoes separately for Straw to pick up. She rarely went to the lodge-not because she wasn't welcome, it was just that Wolves could be unpredictable around Witches. Even her.
   An hour later, fully refreshed, Wilma checked Luke, still asleep. He would be up tonight. Rust had stopped by last night, Aunt Rose was in town from the northern part of the property, something to do with an advanced takeover attempt. Whatever that meant. She remembered how wide Luke's eyes had been watching the dark furred Wolf transform into the dark-skinned man. At least he was showing an interest in something, she mused. 
   Remembering that her other two 'boys, weren't going to be home that weekend, she decided to order her own pizza, a thin crust artichoke-black olive-red onion with feta. Her husband liked the all meat version. She called it the heart attack waiting to happen, but if it made him happy. She was glad that Burn took an instant like to her husband. If she didn't know better, she'd've thought Burn, Rose and Rust had already staked him out before. 
   The pizza would take an hour, so she had time for a bath. Luke was still asleep and the lavender scented bath had relaxed her. The spell she murmured over the splashing running water did help. During her bath, she thought she heard something in the back, but decided if one of the Wolves were there, they would have just entered and yelled for her. Especially Straw, she laughed. The tall, roughened Wolf loved carrying the boys around the house and yard. 
   She dressed in a casual knit pant and shirt, with low sandals.  Just a girls' night in tonight. The back doorbell rang, she picked up the twenty and opened the door to see the pizza owner's teenage son, Ralph Donato, smiling.
   "Here's your Mediterranean Lover's pizza, Mrs. Walker." they exchanged items, his voice only crackled once. 
   "Thank you, enjoy your pizza." He tipped his hat but stared at something near the back door. "If you don't mind me saying, Mrs. Walker, that design gives me the creeps a bit." 
   "What design, Ralph" She couldn't remember doing anything but thought Wiliam was trying a protective rune he found in one of his Mother's books. She set the pizza on the side kitchen counter and walked outside. She paled.
   "You ok?" Ralph asked. Mrs. Walker turned a shade of greenish white. He hoped she didn't have the flu, he just got over a summer cold himself.
   She turned to him, put her hand over her mouth, then dropped it. 
   "Yes, Ralph. This is just a design we're thinking of putting in the den. Go ahead on back. Tell your mother the aroma is fantastic, as usual." 
   Ralph tipped his hat again and took off on his bike. She looked at the sigil and realized the intent. Running back inside, she grabbed Luke, her purse, tore to her car and headed back to Emma's house.
   She woke up on the ground outside a strange fairytale book house in all yellow and pink. There was a huge garden on the left, with some sort of oblong granite box in front of it. Luke's squall brought her attention at once. She found him in front of the box, she shook her head, picked him up and went home. Seeing the vegetables on the counter, she sighed. She probably went back to return something.
   She didn't notice the sigil was gone.
   Rose, Soroya, Wilma and Luke parked in front of the yellow and pink house. They climbed out the SUV, plate reading WOLF-TWO. A young woman, about Luke's age, greeted them like long lost friends. In the window, Wilma saw three little faces, probably the woman's girls. 
   "Thank you for meeting us, Merriemma," She greeted her namesake.
   The young woman, held Rose's hand for a moment. "If this helps." She sadly grinned. She stared at Wilma, with some sort of expecting face, then turned around.
   "Are you sure?" The woman asked Rose again. Rose turned to Soroya, who nodded. 
  "This is the right time." Soroya gazed out the straw filled field to a small hill in the distance. Wilma looked at Luke, who was looking at the big oblong box. 
   'Honey?" She touched his arm. He nodded, not removing his eyes from the box. She looked at it and didn't think it added anything to the beautiful garden. Leaving him to his thoughts, she returned to the odd scene, of her sister, Rose, Merriemma and Soroya raising their arms and chanting. It worked.
   A cold rush of air suddenly waved over the yard and Wilma gathered her arms around her midsection for warmth. Luke walked over to her and put his arms around her shoulders. A black mist raced over the hill, the field of straw and stopped just behind the largest bush of pink and white roses she had ever seen in her life.
   "The Dog and the Witch." A man formed, looking fully solid with a malevolent, seering gaze. "And you've brought a gift to me." He laughed while looking at Soroya. 
   "Adding two more to the collection would be grand." The Black Witch stretched out the last word, making shivers race down Wilma's back. What on earth is going on? 
   "Nothing will be added to your collection." Rose's red Wolf hair was glimmering and fur was breaking out over her body. Wilma's stray thought about shaving her legs came out of nowhere and giggled. The Dark Witch just saw her there.
   "Oh, and the visitor." He cackled. He cackled? Wilma wondered just what company the young woman kept. 
   "She still doesn't remember, does she? And the boy. Well, he wouldn't remember anyway." He took a good, hard look in Luke's eyes. 
   "No, it can't be!" He double whispered. 
   "You weren't very clear on your intention before, were you?" The owner of the house, taunted.
   "You can bet I'll be clearer this time! Then you can join the Kitchen Witch in your misery." The black mist slowly started seeping underneath something at the edge of the property. Wilma noticed it was coming from underneath the beautiful rose bushes. A flash of green and black was stopped momentarily by the two women in front of the Rose bush. Then an explosion of white and red blacked out everything.
   "NOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Xaphan screamed, the tall grasses on fire in front of the Rose Bushes. Wilma raised her head enough to see the black mist racing back across the fields and over the hill.
   "It worked!" The homeowner excitedly screamed. Wilma felt as if she'd had a hangover from a fifteen-day drunken spree, the side effect of Magic.
   Luke was sprawled on his back, eyes wide open, not moving. Wilma crawled the few feet to him and cradled his head.
   "Luke, darling." She slapped his face lightly. He closed his eyes, then blinked rapidly and his face held sad smile.
   "She's gone." A tear streamed sideways down to his ear.
   "Who is gone, Luke?" 
   "Emma." That same Emma that Daire was talking about. 
      The Rose and the other woman groaned and stood up, Soroya helping the the two women to stand. All three had done something to the Black Witch. 
   "Wilma, are you alright?" Her sister's voice, full of concern.
   "Yes, what happened?" Wilma wasn't sure what was going on.
   "I think I can answer that, he was always lazy, always looking for a shortcut, to benefit from other's work." A young girl's voice rose from behind the broken crypt. Stone and Granite littered the side yard. Wilma watched as the girl, dressed in a pretty mid-calf muslin dress, ready for a day of gardening. Her blond hair in a wraparound braid, drawing attention to her slim neck and blue eyes.
   Luke ran forward, embracing the young woman. 
   The young woman held Luke's face with tenderness. Who was this woman and why was her hand on her son's face? She started towards the two when she heard Luke's tender voice. He caressed her face back.
   "Emma." He was smiling and kissing her cheek. 
   "My Little Luke." 
   "Excuse the hell out of me, but who the hell are you and why is your hand caressing my son's face?" Wilma was getting a bit angry. A lot was going on and very little was getting explained. The girl smiled, walked her way around the rubble to Wilma. She raised her hand, still giving Wilma a loving smile.
   "Here, I think this will help.  I'll get rid of the block." She raised her hand, gently placing her palm against Wilma's temple and murmured something. Pain seared across the front of Wilma's forehead, she lurched forward taking huge gulps of fresh country air. Her mind was overrun and flooding with memories. Her eyes popped open and saw.
   "Emma!" She threw her arms around the girl, saw Rose dabbing her eyes with the back of her palms while Merriemma handed her kleenex from pocket in her smock.
   "What happened?" Wilma inquired. then remembered. Everything.
   "Xaphan, The Black Witch." Emma nodded. "His spell backfired, but why?
   "His original intention wasn't clear. All he wanted to do was hide."
   "Hide?" Wilma repeated while the others looked on in confusion.
   Emma smiled, then realized her skin looked different. She shook her shoulders in laugher and talked on. "Yes. When he tried to curse me the first time, all he wanted to do was get me out of the way from helping his daughter. Intention is everything in a spell.
   "A spell requires your full attention and your desire right on the tip of your tongue. Many a Witches have had failed or disastrous consequences upon trying a spell."
   Wilma could only close her eyes, trying to understand what had happened 23 years prior. She opened them again to see Emma looking at her with such great concentration. 
   "Yes, so after he spoke the incantation, he thought 'hide her'. The spell didn't know what he meant, so he ripped my soul from my body, it having no prior place spelled out for it..."
   "...it went for the nearest vessel...me." Luke took up the thought, embracing Emma.
  "Oooohhhhhh." Wilma and her sister gasped outloud.
   "I'm so sorry, Luke, I had no idea." Merriemma groaned in a girl's voice. "I didn't think..."
   "It's ok, Emma, I didn't tell anyone and no one had mentioned the name Emma before. But we got to know each other very well." He was smiling and confident.
   "I'm so sorry you were so scared, Luke. That wasn't MY intention, afterall. I stayed in the background as much as I could." She gave Wilma a side eye, "I tried to help you as much as I could."
   "It's ok, Emma. I thought I was schizophrenic, with all the memories. And I did block you a lot. Sorry about that." Luke shrugged one shoulder. 
   "Grandma, why are you 16?" Merriemma the younger asked. Three teenaged girls tumbled out the back door in awe.
   "That was some awesome spellwork, Mom!" The eldest teen gushed. "And you two were grand!" 
   Rose and Soroya grinned. Teenagers. 
Emma laughed merrily. "When he read the spell, he was thinking specifically "hide and go back". Again, the magic didn't know what he meant, 'go back to my parent's house? Go back to bed?' So, the only thing the magic knew, was my background, when I first started my spellwork. Magic is its own intention and will revert to itself."
   "I'll be." The younger Emma stated, flabbergasted. Just then another SUV pulled up and three teenaged girls jumped out the door, waved to a bearded man wearing a red and black flannel shirt with pink beads woven into his brown beard. He grinned and took off.
   "Oh damn, I forgot the girls were coming." Emma the younger looked worried and before she could think of anything, in rushed the eldest teen.
   "Violet! Violet!" Midge, the excited teen screamed, "I brought the bead kit and Grandma showed me some bead magic! Oh, you have a guest, wow, what happened to the crypt?" She eyed the rubble on the ground and the base in front of the garden.
   Merriemma the younger panicked and couldn't think.
   Violet's mind worked furiously. 
   "She's a cousin from the other side of the county..." she began but didn't know how to finish the thought.
   "She's just starting 4H and wanted to see our CoOp garden." Iris, the middle daughter continued.
   "Oh, that's fantastic," Violet's friend from middle school, Midge, was truly impressed. She loved 4H with all the new agriculture techniques. She turned to the girl in the long, durable dress. "You'll love all the new technology big agriculture techn..." She was interrupted by a younger sibling.
   "If you let her go on, she'll talk the whole day about it." She stuck out her hand, "She's Midge, I'm Veronica, this is Betty. Yes, we're named after comic book characters. What's your name?"
   If she were a new cousin, there would be no way she could be named Merriemma as well. She couldn't think up a lie that quickly. Her parents had taught her the value of truth and honesty at an early age. She looked at the other Emma, whose eyes were also blank. The younger daughter, Chrys (Chrysanthemum Anderson) spoke up.
   "This is Emma Rose." She announced with a smile. She had long heard of the beloved great great grandmother Rose who had planted the beautiful rare pink and white roses along the fence. Emma smiled and extended her hand.
   "I'm Emma Rose Hanover." 
   "Oh wow, just like your 2GMa, Violet!" 
   Emma smiled, "I am family, afterall." Her smile was wide. Emma the younger smiled back. 
   "Why don't you girls head on inside and i'll make grilled cheese and ham sandwiches. The tomatoes are fresh from the garden." She turned to the gathered group.
   "Would you like to join us?" She grinned at 'Rose'.
   "Would you mind terribly if I went along with your friend, Wilma? I promised to help weed at Wolf Lodge."
   Midge gasped. "Wolf Lodge! They only have the biggest organic garden! I've heard they use the bypass..."
   "Midge, Rose had previously promised. And you promised to show Violet the bead magic." Iris shook her sister's shoulder to emphasize her point. 
   "Ok, we'll see you again, right?" Midge asked, taking an instant like to the new girl.
   Emma spoke. "Of course, she's staying here for the rest of high school. You'll have plenty of time getting to know her." Emma shooed the rambunctious girls into the house."
   Rose leaned forward, "Need a calming spell?" She giggled.
   Emma leaned forward as well, "That's what wine is for." She winked, waved the group off and entered the fray.
   They were silent on the way back to Wolf Lodge when Rose spoke up. 
   "Sure, feels different being 16 again." Her eyes held a far away look.
   "You were a great foster mother, Emma...I mean, Rose." They all shared a laugh. 
   "I'd like to keep up our friendship, Rose." Luke smiled from the 3rd row back. Rose, concerned her nephew was getting depressed and sad again, sent off some calming thoughts to the young man. They couldn't have him off and asleep again. There was much work to do.
  Luke sniffled. "Thanks Aunt Rose." He caught her eyes in the rearview mirror. Then she caught Wilma's head tilt back and heard her sniff. 
   "Wilma, what are you doing?" Rose's brows knit in confusion.
   "Scenting." The SUV swerved into oncoming traffic, a horn blazed from a long Subaru and an old, wrinkled fist shook out the window. Rose jerked the SUV into a pullout along the highway. She turned in her seat.
   "What did you say?" Not quite believing her Wolf hearing.
   "Scenting." Wilma cracked her window and was sniffing deeply. 
   "I"m a Wolf Witch." 


Chapter Eight
   Hunk Wolf and the Lodge Cook were baking and cooking huge mess of biscuits and sausage gravy for the Pack when they heard the SUV park in the side lot. Hunk smiled, Aunt Rose was back with Aunt Wilma and their little human entourage. The cook pulled another tray from the oven while Hunk was browning sausage. An assistant was buttering the tops of the biscuits and placing the trays on a waiting shelf.
   The side door opened with a weary Rose. Hunk sniffed.
   "You used Wolf Magic. Here," Hunk grabbed a bottle of Orange Juice from one of the overflowing side refrigerators. They were set up for the Pack to grab juice, milk or whatever else during the day. They expended a lot of energy patrolling in Wolf form, or working in the gardens or just playing. Rose took the bottle, drank a deep mouthful and caressed her nephew's face.
   "Others did too." Was the curious reply. Then Aunt Wilma came in, Hunk grabbed another bottle to give to Wilma. Two pack mates entered the kitchen from the main hall, seeing Hunk busy, they nodded at each other. One started up a playful conversation with the assistant cook, while the other went to the cooling racks along the kitchen wall, grabbed two biscuits and palmed them.
   Diesel ambled into the kitchen from his office, that was between the main hall and the kitchen, saw the two Wolves and smiled.
    "Alright you two, you got your biscuits, get out of here." He rolled up the paperwork he was reading, smacking each one on their noses and laughed. He tousled the assistant's hair.
   "You'll learn." His face broke out into a huge wolf grin. Hunk and Diesel met Wilma at the same time, leaned forward to give her a kiss on the cheek. They kissed, heads snapping back, then put their noses to her carotid arteries.
   "Aunt Wilma?" The two big, bad Wolves wore faces of shock. "You have Wolf Magic?" Hunk grinned even bigger.
   "How did THAT happen?" Diesel blurted out. Wilma accepted the bottle of Orange Juice with one hand and caressed Hunk's face with the other.
   "That's a long story." Aunt Rose answered from the kitchen barstool. Wilma walked over and sat down, holding her sister's hand. Diesel was confused. Their Aunt Wilma had a brand-new scent now. Hunk shrugged one shoulder, confused as well. They scented their cousin Luke and another human coming inside. The door opened, Luke was arguing with someone to enter first, losing the argument, walked in.
   "Luke." Hunk greeted suspiciously. Something was different.
   "Hunk, there's..." he began when Hunk grabbed his cousin by the waist and threw him behind Diesel and was halfway transforming. A witch had beguiled the human cousin and was breaching their perimeter.
   Diesel grabbed the young woman by her arm, much to Rose and Wilma's protestations. The Witch had tricked their Aunts but they would protect them as their Father would have. Hunk snarled, Diesel crouched down to attack.
   "Diesel, Hunk, please stop!" Luke yelled and tried pulling Diesel back by his muscular shoulders. Diesel spun around, pushing Luke away gently.
   "We do not blame you, Luke, you were beguiled by the Witch! We failed before, but we will protect you now." He pushed Luke for emphasis, transforming while spinning around.
   For all her worth, Rose was silent and accepting. She nodded at Rose and Wilma, who calmly sat drinking their juice. Rose could handle herself and the two impetuous Wolves. 
   Hunk rose to attack but scented the Witch when he drug a breath to snarl. He tore a gaze at Luke, whose scent was different as well. He was confused and by looking at his brother, he had come to the same conclusion.  Rose was nonplussed. 
   "Go ahead, Wolf, scent me." Her face, amused. Who was this.... this teenager to come into his home to give him orders. He lunged and grabbed her shoulders, scenting her neck, face and hair. Diesel made a circle around Luke.
   "It's ok, Diesel, go ahead." Luke stood up on his back two Wolf legs, Luke catching his body, like they had done so many times during play in childhood.
   Both Wolves backed up and transformed. 
   "What trickery is this, Witch?" Hunk demanded, his gaze penetrating the Witch. She laughed. She laughed? His hackles rose and he growled. Impressive in his human form.
   Luke rushed over to the Witch, Hunk was concerned.
   "Guys! Guys!" Luke spoke softly. "I'd like you to meet my Mom's foster Mother." Luke gulped. "She's the soul I was sharing my body with." He hugged the girl's shoulders. She wasn't nervous in the slightest. 
   "How can this...this...child be your Mother's Mother?" Hunk spat out. Trickery. Wolves hated Witches because of trickery and deceptions. Poor Luke. His mind was fuzzy after looking between the two. Clearly, she masked her scent to match Lukes. 
   Diesel was calmer about the situation and able to think clearly. He gave the girl an inscrutable look.
   "How can a child be a mother?" He asked. She asked in response.
   "Diesel, how can two souls inhabit one body?" Her pretty face quirked sideways, her blonde hair cascading down the side.  Hunk stormed over to Luke, grabbed the back of his neck and brought their faces within half an inch. Hunk's warm eyes glowed into Lukes. 
   "It's gone. The other light from your eyes. You are less troubled." All Luke could do was agree.
   "Yes, Hunk. Emma's soul is gone." He whispered.
   "Rose." She whispered.
   "Rose. Rose's soul is no longer here." He quickly amended.
   Hunk backed up, shaking his head. Wilma's gentle hand took his shoulder. That was right. She now scented like a Wolf Witch.  He backed up, confusion clouding his handsome face. He allowed his gentle Aunt guide him to the barstool she abandoned. Rose put a maternal hand on his shoulder.
   "How, indeed, could two souls inhabit one body, Hunk? How, indeed, could Wilma's Wolf Magic be obscured?" Rose put the questions out in the ether for her two nephews to digest. Diesel was the first to respond.
   "Dark Magic." Rose nodded.
   "Black Magic. Someone who willfully traded their soul for power. Someone who only wished for their desires. Someone willing to destroy others for their own gain." She pronounced each sentence with a push.
   "All this time? 23 years, Aunt?" Hunk leveled his eyes.
   "Yes, Hunk. All this time." Rose felt a bit sorry for her Nephews. They were innocent bystanders, hurt and pushed by someone so greedy. Hunk rushed to Wilma, grabbed her face and looked deeply into her eyes. He pushed himself back at an arm's length then hugged her fiercely.
   "You don't have a wolf, but you have Wolf Magic. And I suspect you can scent!" His inner wolf was grinning and wagging happily. Diesel looked into Luke's eyes, nodding and hugging his cousin.
   Luke casually wrapped his arms around Diesel's waist. 
   "I"m not a Wolf, I don't have Magic and I don't have two souls." His voice was so sad. Diesel put his hands around Luke's face, his nose touching his cousin's. Wolves had no concept of a human's personal space.
   "No, but you are ours." He allowed his wolf's smile to show on his face, eventually drawing out a wide grin from his cousin. 
   Wilma disentangled herself from Hunk's fierce, protective hug and walked over to Rose, standing at the door still. She wrapped her arms around the teenager's waist, bringing her forward. Hunk, Diesel were standing at guard, unsure.
   "Boys, I'd like you to meet Rose Hanover, formerly Merriemma Anderson, my Foster Mother." She proudly stood by the girl. Both boys stepped forward one step. Hunk snorted dismissively.
   "This...girl? She's a witch who uses deception." The girl straightened her back.
   "Listen here, Pup, I am 73 years old. I will not have a wet-behind-the-ears, willfully ignorant, spoiled pup dismissing me, my magic or my family." She grabbed Hunk by the front of his shirt. "Better Wolves than you have tried me and failed. Your Mother and Father came to ME, Willingly! Asking for my help. Do you know why, you miserably, ignorant Pup?" Hunk was stunned and shocked. Behind him Rose continued to sip her juice, watching. Hunk and Diesel shook their heads 'no'.
   "Your grandparents came to me and Base, my wonderful husband, to learn humanity. To learn to shift. To learn how to speak, dress and walk. And I was the first human to show kindness to Thorn. HE gave his approval for your parents to keep seeing me. THEY gave me Wilma to raise. So, do not presume that all Witches are evil and do not presume to know what and who I am! Do you understand me, children?" Hunk and Diesel both nodded their heads, mute. 
   Luke casually walked over, threw an arm around the girl's shoulder.
   "That's my girl. Let's see what there is to drink in the coolers, huh?" He walked her over to the floor to ceiling, wall to wall, glass door refrigerator units so they all could cool down.
*******
   The Dark Witch paced back and forth across the black slate floor. Wisps of black mist swirled in between solid legs that swirled back into the black mist. The dark stone walls, chipped into perfectly square blocks, some six feet thick to protect against the chill of the dark end of the forest. Above the canopy sunlight aggressively burst through, flooding the large home's windows. An oppressive air, thick with tension, surrounded the grounds of the home. 
   "How dare they oppose me?!" The Black Witch seethed. He grabbed a clear ball with midnight tumbling in the crystal. He enjoyed how the midnight mist inside was a stark comparison to his white skin. 
   "All my plans, I got rid of them, one by one." He whispered his memories into the ball. The midnight inside twisting in agreement. "How did the Wolf Witch get her power back and how did the Earth Witch escape the human?" 
   He had given up his soul, his Wife, taken her sister's magic. All his work would not be for naught. His memory came alive before him in the midnight mist inside the crystal.
.
   "They will not have escaped for long." He promised the Midnight Mist in the crystal.
   The Midnight inside, swirled again, tempest in his hand. 
  What was it he had done wrong all those years ago? Could he have stopped the Witch last time? 
   "Could I have stopped The Witch, The Wolf and the Watcher this time?"
   The Midnight answered immediately: 
   DESIRE DOES NOT EQUAL INTENT
   The words repeated over and over. They were too successful this time, it had only been seconds. What was it he had thought of when he cast the spell? 
   Witch, wolf, watcher three, push them back for all to see
   Witch of one, of fair hair, bind her keep her hide her there
   Boy of one, man of 24, push him back as he was before
   Then he knew, the spell was too vague. He had reacted to them too fast. They laid the bait and he had taken it. Like a crow to freshly tossed seeds on the land. Yes, his desire was very clear, but the intent was missing. Yes, he only told the magic to push the three back. Well, he had done that, they flew back ten feet. Plus, he didn't tell the magic what to do, exactly, with the witch of one, of fair hair. He did bind-keep-hide her. The magic reversed her to a young girl. He was vague on what to do with the boy; he had nowhere to go but 'the before he sent the soul into him'...but why didn't he turn into a writhing, screaming baby? Magic could be deceptive. Or was there something protecting him? The critical piece? He forgot the Wolf Witch.
      He tried doing too much with one spell. 
   "All this power and energy, wasted. And I lost a Witch." He paced some more, going over the spell. The magic had dragged him over the field, across the hill and into the forest to hide him. 
   'Am I going to lose this war?' He didn't want to ask the Midnight.
   "Not if I can help it." He spied one of the Nature Wolves cowering in the corner. 
   "YOU!" He pointed and used a tendril of the mist to drag the poor, ragged wolf to do his bidding. 
   "Thank you for enlarging my bathroom. I love the new showerhead." Burn smiled at the long, hot morning shower under the rainforest showerhead embedded in the ceiling.
   "You're welcome. So, been wanting to ask, since you rely on the painting imbued with magic; you don't have any yourself?" Dylan asked his Father, inspecting the painting from the inside.
   "Wolf Magic," Burn was excited, his son was asking openly about Wolves. 
   "Like what?" Dylan wondered what they could do.
   "Oh, we can enchant things, like water, trees-anything from nature; mesmerize people and animals, we can wipe memories, that sort of thing." He stretched out on the adirondack chairs in the open strath, enjoying the view of the Fjord where he first met Dylan. 
   "Can you find things?" His head tilted adorably.
   "Wolves can scent, certainly. We can see the past, the future sometimes."
   "So, Wolves are psychic?"
   Burn considered the term. "Sometimes. I do not have that ability very well, though. Sometimes your Aunt does."
   "Aunt Rose? Does Mom?" 
   "Yes, Aunt Rose," He laughed. Rose could come across as a bit hard, but knew she loved all her nephews, all five of them. She would have been a great mother. He sighed sadly. "As for your Mom, as far as I know, she doesn't have any Wolf ability."
   "What about Daire?" He thought he should ask about Burn's love, who gave birth to him. Burn sat up straighter, thankful Dylan was asking about Daire.
   "Daire? Psychic?" He hmmm'd. "Daire...has her own magic." He tilted his head. "I know she speaks to Earth, so maybe she gets messages?" He saw Dylan's confusion. 
   "Her own magic. Like what?"
   "Daire is an Earth Witch. She asks the Earth to help in spells. That's how we met, actually." A fond expression wiped over his rugged face.
   "Tell me." Dylan asked his Father. She obviously meant quite a bit to him.
   "She was in her garden, her arms up in the air, murmuring something I couldn't understand. The air around her was lifting her blond and grey hair." His gaze was loving as he watched Dylan's expression. He took a chance and ran his fingers gently through Dylan's. Dylan allowed the touch, glad he was learning more.
   Burn dropped his hand, placing it back on his lap. "There was a light swirling around her body, along with some leaves. I was in Wolf form, hidden, watching the performance. My Wolf saw the leaves and wanted to jump and play with them."
   Dylan laughed, not believing a Wolf was capable of playing. "Playing?"
   Burn realized Dylan knew nothing about Wolves, just what he learned in school, probably and those horrible moving pictures that made him ill. Nonsense. True Wolves weren't the killers all those movies made them out to be.
   "Yes, playing. Wolves are the most fun, playful and friendly beings on the planet, Dylan. We're open hearted, loving, protective. When we take someone-another wolf or human, into our circle, or Pack, that means they are friends for life. We love, respect, protect. For life."
   Dylan was quiet at this revelation. "What happens if that wolf or person backstabs or double crosses you?" 
   "Then we're their worst enemy and they don't stand a chance." His eyes grew dark. He felt Dylan's eyes shift away.
   "Like the Dark Witch that trapped you here."
   'Yes." He gulped the sweet air. "Anyway, Daire knew I was there, watching because she laughed and told me to stop hiding. And to use the garden's gate, if I pleased." He laughed at the memory, gleeful peals of laughter.
   "She had your number from day one." Dylan smirked. Someone, her Mother, had his number.
   "You're like her, you know.   You're the first one since her that called me on my bullshit." He smiled at Dylan like a proud Father, reaching over and tousling the young man's hair. Dylan laughed and didn't push him away this time.
   "Well, I don't care for anyone bossing me around." He grinned, looking away.
   Burn was quiet for a few moments, then spoke softly, "you get that from both your Mothers, you know."
   "What about my Dad?" Burn noticed the far off, hungry look. His dad, Wiliam.
   "Oh, Wiliam...Sweet Wiliam." He saw Burn take a deep breath then gulped. "Wiliam was always such a gentleman, with such pure love. If anyone was hurt, he was the first one to want to heal them--heart, body, mind or soul." Several tears snuck down the Wolf's rough, hairy face. "Dear, Sweet Wiliam." 
   "You smell like all of us, you know." Burns was openly crying, tears snaking down his cheeks. His voice sounded far off, "Daire, Wilma, Wiliam...Me." His head was shaking, "So much time, taken. So greedy." Dylan didn't know who he was talking about. Probably the Dark Witch. "So much time lost." He whispered.
   Dylan, wanting to take Burn's mind off the morose thoughts, suddenly had another question.
   "What do you mean, I smell like everyone?"
   That perked Burn's face into a wide smile. "I scent when I'm a Wolf. I can as a human, but the scent is much weaker." 
   Dylan considered the information. Wanting to do something for his Father, to make him happy, he continued in a soft voice.
   "Burn, do you want to scent me." Burn gave him a strong gaze, not saying anything. "You know, as a Wolf?" Dylan tried not to fidget, but to give the offer, freely. 
   Burn's face lit with excitement, a wide, friendly smile bursting from the sorrow. 
   "Yes! Only if you're sure?" His smile was so infectious, he could see why the Wolf was a leader and why others would follow him. 
   "Yes, you.... we both need it." He smiled back. Burn jumped up, eager and looking forward.  "And I can see what your Wolf looks like." He grinned again.
  "Ok, just to let you know what will happen, my body will break and contort, it'll go fast, because i'm older and have experience. Try to not be afraid, I won't hurt you, just play, understand?" Burn was bursting with excitement and Dylan had to remember he had no one to play with for 23 years. "Chasing a rabbit would be fun again. Daire's rabbits won't play, they disappear immediately if I start to chase." His smile frowned a bit. "Anyway, I'll stand back, transform, then scent you." 
   Within seconds, Burn stepped back ten feet, about two or three steps for him, his being seven feet tall and his step about three feet long each. He stood on his tiptoes for half a second, then hunched over, twisted side to side, four feet hit the ground. There was the sound of bones breaking, reforming, skin ripping, muscle twisting, all in the space of five seconds.
   Dylan saw the most gorgeous calico Wolf standing in front of him. And the hugest he thought possible. Burn's Wolf was about four or five feet tall at his head, three or four feet at his front shoulders. His pelt was all blacks, browns, greys and whites, with a bright orange spot that ran across the right side of his Wolf face. Burn smiled and Dylan saw the biggest canine teeth and shivered involuntarily for a second. 
   Burn took a few steps, then pounced on the back of Dylan's chair, turning him ass over teakettle, as his Mom, Wilma would state. Dylan's laughter pealed and Burn stood still, enjoying the sound. Then playfully gummed Dylan's shoulder, pulling him the rest of the way out the chair. 
   Now they were in open blue grass, Burn sniffed his son, thoroughly from his hair to his feet. Dylan was giggling and laughing the entire time, reminding the Wolf of his other two children, Hunk and Diesel. He thought maybe he and Daire had been wrong, keeping Dylan apart from the Wolves. But there hadn't been witch-wolf children before, that they knew of and didn't know how the Pack would react. They only trusted Straw and Rust for contact.
   Right there, Burn could scent everyone! His Mother and Father, Thorn and Cinnamon, even Rose; of course, Wilma and Wiliam, himself, Daire and her ancestors. All the good and the bad. He was suddenly homesick. But that was the point of trapping him in the painting. 
   Sensing the change in Burn, Dylan was gasping for breath. Burn was laying on his side, catching his own breath. Dylan laid on his Father's chest, a large leg and paw gently rested on his body. He looked up and the big Wolf was smiling and panting. Dylan wanted to do something for the big and lonely Wolf. Big and lonely Burn. Remembering Burn's childhood rabbit story, he shamelessly eavesdropped in on, he sat up, earning a reproachful gaze.
   "I want to do something for you." He smiled mischievously. "It won't be real but you can catch it." 
   At once, Burn jumped up, his tail wagging furiously, front paws in front, his upper Wolf body in a crouch, his back end arched. Dylan concentrated, waved his arm, much like Burn had done before. Burn looked around, not seeing anything around them, arched his thick Wolf eyebrows at him. Dylan laughed and pointed behind the Wolf in the open.
   There sat a huge, fat rabbit, winking his eyes at Burn and twitching his bunny nose in Burn's direction, teasing and making fun of the Wolf. Burn's Wolf became indignant, taking off in a run, barking, growling and nipping. Dylan had thought of random zig-zag, circular, diagonal, 180 and 360-degree patterns to keep the wolf happy and busy chasing again.  
   The huge, playful wolf was barking loudly and gruffly, running as fast as he could, trying to catch the wily rabbit. The rabbit would wiggle his tail each time he took a corner, Burn would run past, barking and snarling furiously. The rabbit ran in circles fast and faster then took off in a straight line as far as the eye could see. When Burn got within snapping distance, the rabbit did a 180, ran underneath Burn's body, stopped, wriggled his light blue fluffy tail, tickling the giant Wolf, then took off again. This set off the giant Wolf into another set of barks, growls and snarls. 
   Dylan's heart burst with happiness. And something inside wanted to join in the fun.


Chapter Nine
   "Hey Plum!" Straw waved over to Soroya at the BBQ Gin Joint, the BBQ restaurant she and Straw ate lunch at a few times a month. Straw picked up his order of Blunt Back Ribs and spicy curly fries, which was ribs rolled in espresso and cayenne, a play on words. Not many people ordered them, mainly the local Wolves who were great customers for the restaurant. Gin was for Ginerva, the proprietress, who loved Gin based Martinis. 
   "You got your Double Jack, huh?" Seeing her pulled pork sandwich with Jack Daniels sauce and pepperjack cheese on top.  
   "Of course, I get a buzz and I get to go back to work." She winked while biting the end of a long curly fry.
   "I don't see how you manage to stay clean after eating that thing." Straw eyed the drippy, sloppy sandwich.
   "And some of us take small bites over a plate rather than eating a whole sandwich in one bite or a rack of ribs then spitting the bones out." She laughed and Straw joined in. Then calmed down, Soroya snuck a forlorn gaze out the window, watching the trees swinging in the breeze.
   He placed his large, rough hand over her small delicate one to get her attention.
   "How is he? I'd ask Wilma and Wiliam but they are busy helping Rose with Rose." His smile told the strange circumstances of the newly young Emma. "Have the Tribe released him?" The Tribe had helped Marc dealing with his new-found Wolf, and the loss of the past 28 years.
   "Yes, he's back home at his parents. He's been in his childhood room, Luke moved back as well."
   "Poor Luke, not knowing he was carrying Emma...uhm...Rose's soul." Straw enjoyed one of the ribs, his teeth enjoying scraping the bone, which always made Soroya grin.
   "Isn't this wild? After 23 years, all this coming home to roost." She had been given a shortened version of the Black Witch named Xaphan.
   "So many people were changed. Not just Daire, Calufray, Burn and Emma. The side effects trickled down to the entire lodge, Hunk and Diesel, Rose, Wilma and her family." Straw stopped to sip some Cherry Tea that the restaurant specialized in. No alcohol, but was a fan favorite.
   "The repercussions were devastating." She sipped her own Blueberry Tea, "But, I suppose that was the point. Hiding or crippling everyone who could stop him." She took another bite of her Double Jack. "Can anything be done to help Marc?" She meant the lost little wolf inside. 
   "Maybe. There's an old mythology that an Alpha can combine."
   "Combine?" She had been thinking sex and didn't see how that would help.
   Straw laughed heartily, "No, dear Plum, not sex. Kind of like a mind meld from that science fraction show..."
   "Fiction" She could not help herself.
   "Oh, yes. Anyway, an Alpha stares into the Wolf's eyes, unlocking the door to get inside."
  "What Rust did to Luke, to read his mind." Soroya remembered the breakthrough Luke had. His personality was lighter these days.
   "Exactly, Soroya. Then the Alpha finds the Wolf and coaxes him to come out. With 23 years of being alone, whether or not the Wolf will come out, is anyone's guess."
   "That is so sad." She felt awful for her Fiancee. Now the cake didn't feel as important. Straw covered her hand with his again.
   "Moving on, getting excited for a big life event, is always important." She gave a grateful smile. The young Seer's face scrunched up a bit.
   He laughed at the odd expression.
   "What's the face for?"
   "A homeless man just came in, from the looks of him. He's kind of scrawny, in worn and torn cords, a stained silk shirt, long scraggly, oily hair and wearing flip flops. He doesn't seem comfortable handling money." 
   "There's a black cloud around his aura." Straw nodded. "Poor guy. I hope he goes to see Navina at the Heart, Hands and Hope center."
   Straw shook his head slightly. "Don't worry, the down and out have long known of Navina and her mission. She'll set him right. The Lodge get a lot of homeless around the forest and we gently nudge them to her front door." Straw took several sniffs when the young man walked by their table.
   "No illness, just needs a few squares, some clothes and a help up." Straw held out his hand to help Soroya up from her chair, dropping a tip, nodded at the waitress, walked her back to work.
   Rose and Wilma were also meeting in town a few blocks away, at 'RR HOODS', in all red letters, an under-the-radar bar for the Wolves in and around the county. Both enjoyed the subtle word and color play. The walls were painted a brilliant red, the floors were cork, to absorb sound and spillage, because a Wolf's hearing was superb, the floors helped murmured conversations stay more private. Red swirled glass light pendants spotlit each table in a warm, low-wattage glow. Red tablecloths dressed the sturdy legs to give an elegant air.
   Rose lifted the long-stemmed glass of red to her lips, casually checking out the clientele. Wilma speared an almond stuffed olive with an appetizer fork. Not seeing anyone listening, she continued the conversation.
   "What are we going to do about Marc?" Asking with all the aplomb of a weightless feather.
   "I really don't know. They've been spending a lot of time in their old attic room."
   "Are they brooding or depressed?"
   "I'm not seeing any signs of either, really. Luke looks like a weight has been lifted from his shoulders. Emma has been talking to him about her life, magic and family. He really misses the conversation now that she's 'out'."
   "Of course, he does.  The poor little lamb." Rose nodded in agreement. "I think he'll be fine. I'm so glad there was no damage from his heart stopping."
   "Yes, the doctors are unable to find any stress." Wilma lowered her voice. "Wiliam and I are so very grateful Rust was there to restart his heart. No doubt that's why there isn't any damage." 
   Rose was waving off the compliment and thanks when Rust walked over, kissing her cheek, then walking around the table, kissing Wilma's and taking a seat between the two on the other side of Wilma. He was wearing black wool slacks, a black button down silk oxford and black wingtips. He ordered a red Bordeaux when the cocktail waitress hurried over and was disappointed when he ignored her flirtations. Wilma grinned at Rose. 
   "Sorry to interrupt, ladies." He nodded at each, "but Hunk and Diesel have an idea to help Marc."
   Rose nodded to continue just as a well-heeled man looked behind his shoulder as he walked by, to get a second look at the tall, vivacious redhead. She winked back in acknowledgement.
   "What do they have in mind, Rust?" Rose inquired, she would do anything to help her loved nephews, all five of them.
   "Hunk thinks one of them can join with Marc's wolf. They've discussed this with Straw, who thinks Wilma can aid with her new-found Wolf Magic. Maybe they can coax the pup out." Rust shrugged his shoulders and raised his arms in a 'maybe and maybe not' gesture.
   Rose leaned forward, elbows on the table, fingers steepled in concentration.
   "Is that dangerous for anyone?" Wilma asked, of course she did, big hearted Wilma. Rose held out her hand for Wilma, who joined her sister.   
   "No, this is like taking a trip to a long, lost relative. The pup may or may not like the intrusion. He's been alone for 23 years, after all."
   "The very fact that he allowed both to see him at the Tribal Center speaks volumes, though." Rust added, quickly.  "The faster this is done, the better it'll be for the pup. He's aware that Hunk and Diesel exist now."
   "When are you thinking?" Wilma inquired, remembering the sorrowful faces both her boys held these days.
   "Wiliam is home now and he's been checking on the boys almost hourly. I think he'd like to be involved." She sipped her wine, "how do you think I'll be able to help?"
   "That's actually a good idea. If the pup comes out, Wiliam will need to be there." Rose added, nodding to herself.
   "They're thinking this weekend, day after tomorrow. And the pup will want both his Mother and Father there. In the meantime, have the boys come over. Several of the packmates want to huddle with Marc, and Luke, if he wants."
   "What do you mean, huddle?" Wilma was thinking of Football.
   "Huddling is," Rust was thinking of a good way to explain, "like human snuggling. We curl around each other for warmth, protection, safety in numbers sort of thing."
   "So, Marc's pup will feel the pack and want to come out and play?" She asked, to verify her understanding. The waitress came over to ask if they needed any refills. Wilma raised her glass, as did Rose. Rust continued to ignore her.
   "Yes, we're hoping. Then if that doesn't work, Diesel or Hunk will try to combine."
   "Won't the pup need a Wolf to show him how to do things?" Wilma was unsure how two humans could help a pup.
   "We'll cross those bridges when they come up." Rose and Rust shared a hidden glance.
   That weekend Wilma, Wiliam and Marc were seated at the second floor of the Wolf Lodge with Hunk, Diesel, Rose and Straw and Rust, keeping the group to a minimum so that Marc's Wolf wouldn't feel overwhelmed, scared or defensive.
   "What will we expect and how will this work?" Wiliam asked, as Marc was still unsure he even had a Wolf inside him somewhere. He was bitter against Xaphan for trapping his Wolf as a child, often wishing he could run with Rust and Straw, who would often keep track of the Walker boys, save Dylan, who was kept separate from the pack and the lodge.
   "First, all the boys will lay in a pile in front of the fireplace in this large area." Rose indicated a twenty by twenty-foot area, that just covered the six or seven of them. There was low fire burning, capturing the imagination of the group. Rust, Straw and Hunk transformed into handsome Wolves with fur covering the gamut from grey, white, black and orange. 
   "Now, Diesel will look into Marc's eyes, break through the barrier as he did before. He'll try to contact the Wolf who we now know is a light gray." The two seated parents nodded their understanding. "Then when Marc transforms, he'll be ready." 
   Marc laid against Rust, feeling he the closest to with Straw and Hunk on either side. Diesel sat facing his cousin, grasping his head in his hands, rubbing his thumbs in small circles around Marcs temples. 
   "Ok, Marc, just look into my eyes, see my Wolf. He's looking for your pup, Marc. Listen to my voice, smell the wood burning, feel your parents sitting across from us."
   At once, Diesel popped inside Marc's head, seeing a Wolf pup off in one corner, eyes full of dread, wonder and fear. Diesel's Wolf, large and friendly, spoke to the Wolf who had been left alone for so long. 
   "Who are you?" Marc's Wolf demanded.
   "A friend, if you let me." The pup regarded the very large black and grey Wolf with green eyes. He seemed friendly but there was something he smelled.
   "What is that smell?" The pup lifted his small snout to scent.
   "That's my scent and you're scenting, baby pup."
   "What's a pup?" His tail slowly wagged back and forth.
   "A pup is a smaller version of me.  I'm a Wolf, a canine or like a lower life form a dog." Diesel's Wolf slowly explained, then laid down, facing the scared pup.  "You're looking a mite better than the last time we met."
   "A dog? The others here pet dogs before. So, you're a bigger dog?" His head tilted adorably, his Wolf smiling.
   "Very close. And I'm guessing you miss one of the others that left. Her name was Rose and she was trapped here by the bad man, Xaphan." 
   "I know Xaphan, he said no one wanted to be with me, and I was safer here." The pup nodded as if it were true.
   "That wasn't true, he is a bad Witch and wanted to harm many." 
   "Oh.  Then why didn't anyone come find me? I've been awfully lonely."
   "He put up a wall that I've torn down. It just didn't occur to anyone that your human, Marc, had you inside him. You've been awfully scared, huh, pup?"
   "Yah, my human and I have been protecting his brother, Luke. I know all about him. Your scent is becoming familiar as well. I smell...scent, the other big dogs...uh...Wolfs."
   Diesel smiled, "We're called Wolves if there's two or more. But yes, we would all play together, years and years ago, pup."
   "There are other Wolves out there?"
   "Oh yes, pup," Diesel yipped at the pup, "There are many Wolves that want to meet you. We're all so very sorry that we waited so long to come and get you."
   "Is Merriemma still out there?" He whined a little at missing the friendly old woman.
   "You'll meet her, just know that there have been some changes, but nothing to be frightened of." The pup crawled a little towards the big, friendly Wolf. There was less than two feet separating them. His little tiny grey tail was no longer curled underneath him in fear and his fur wasn't matted any longer. 
   "Is my Dad out there? I've scented him from the beginning but was too afraid that he wouldn't want me."
   "Oh, pup," Diesel couldn't help his Wolf's voice from cracking with emotion, "Your Dad so wants to meet you!" The pup crawled another foot.
   "Does it hurt to leave?" His grey eyes wide with curiousity.
   "Only a little at first, then you become faster at transforming from human to Wolf."
   "Will I still be me? Or am I Marc?"
   "That is a very good question, little pup. You'll still be you and Marc. You'll merge your thoughts, personalities and love. We're all out there, waiting to meet you." The pup crawled right between Diesel's front paws, pushing his little nose in his chest."
   "Ok, I am awfully lonely and I want to meet everyone." He backed up, standing on his little legs and tail wagging profusely. Diesel stood tall and proud and stared into the pup's eyes.
   "I'll help you transform while you're learning." Diesel started pulling the pup up and out.
   Rose Wolf gasped in delight and took the few steps over to her sister and brother-in-law.
   "Don't be alarmed, gasp or make any noises, alright?" They nodded as first Diesel transformed from human skin, legs and arms into shorter, muscular furry legs, shortened chest, elongated face and sharper teeth.
   Marc's transformation wasn't as slick or pretty. Marc gasped, yelled, turned into a fetal position, light gray fur sprouted over his body which disappeared into his clothing.
   Out crawled a tiny light grey pup with wide brown eyes. The surrounding Wolves nosed the pup, whose tail was windmilling a mile a minute. He was staggering on unsure, unsteady legs with a tentative smile on his short muzzle. He nosed at Diesel's chest, scenting, then Hunks, Rusts, Straws before lifting his nose, softly yipping and stumbling over to the area Wiliam was sitting.
   Wiliam and Wilma were wide-eyed, meeting their pup for the first time their oldest son, who had been blocked from becoming his true self, all due to a mad Witch with a grudge. Rose quickly looked at Wiliam.
   "Wiliam, quickly, take off your shirt! NOW!" She aggressively whispered, making to take off his pullover. Wilma sensing what was needed, helped her husband with all five of the grown Wolves glaring at him to hurry up. He had no idea what was going on, only that he wasn't going fast enough. Rose raked her fingers through his chest hair, only covering his pecs, while not overly muscled, were decent for a middle-aged human. 
   Diesel reached over the pup in his Wolf form, gumming his Uncle's hand, pulling him into the scrum of Wolves while Rose pushed him from beside the couch. Hunk and Rust nestled Wiliam's human body in between theirs while Diesel picked up the wriggling pup who had scented his Dad. 
   Diesel placed the tiny, excited pup onto Wiliam's chest, Marc, who wiggled his butt and nose in opposite directions, tickled Wiliam's pec then jumped when Marc's muzzle found his nipple.
   "Uhm. Rose, what is my son doing?" He looked worried but tried to relax when Rust on one side and Straw and the other with Hunk behind him supported his body and grinned at each other. Wilma stifled a laugh.
   "It seems that Marc, needs to suckle some Wolf energy like the pup he is."
   "But there are these adult Wolves here, I remember Burn nursing the boys here," He nodded his head at Diesel and Hunk, who only grinned back.
   "That's true, but the pup needs energy, he's going to be growing, I believe, faster because he was hidden for so many years, and decades."
   "Wiliam, Marc needs his father." Wilma gave a steady gaze, trying not to laugh as the ball of grey fluff was trying to figure something out, but not quite getting it. Diesel leaned his huge Wolf head against Wiliam's other pec, licked his nipple the nudged the pup, who was staring back and forth between Diesel's tongue and his Dad's other nipple.
   "This feels a little weird, everyone." He whispered so as not to disturb the new pup that the big bad Wolves were now enamored with.
   "Yes, well, it will feel weird for a bit, Wiliam." Rose was now nibbling her bottom lip.
    "Tell me again why my almost 30-year-old son is nursing at my middle-aged chest?" Wiliam gave a worrying glance at the accompanying group of Wolves.
   "Because you're his father." Rose waved a careless arm at them. "And besides, you're his father. He needs your energy first, then he can suckle at the Wolves for Wolf energy. And he's not your son, he's your two-week-old pup." 
   "Oh." Wiliam stated, not knowing what to do. "Will he be nursing for years then? What about milk?" He looked at Wilma who was now openly chuckling at her husband's clear uncomfortableness.
   "Oh, he'll be growing faster than normal because he was a full-grown human before the pup came out. So, it'll be, months, at most." Rose was grinning fully now. 
   "Well, he's still my son, so I'll do whatever I can to help his Wolf fully develop."
  Wilma reached over and patted his knee, which was sticking up at an angle. "I'll get some lotion for the chafing, dear." 
   "Thanks, you're a peach." The wolves smiled while the human women giggled.
*******
   Xaphan confidently strode across the grange, his stride wide, his shoulders back. The Midnight had come to him with a plan to strike a blow to the Wolves. This would take them decades to recover from. He'd already gotten rid of the Earth Witch and the She Wolf. They would never be found, he'd made sure of that. Now for the Alpha. The idea was pure genius.
   Too bad the Earth Witch had given the spells for the paint and brushes, but the human had spoken the words. The magic was watered down, but it was just enough to enhance the spells. The painting had done its job to keep him from causing harm to the pack. No matter, this would be devastating. He could taunt the two women he had locked up. Laughing grotesquely across the road from the lodge, he shot two black lightning bolts at two Wolves rushing at him, killing them instantly. A great roar came from the lodge, Wolves poured in from the forest, scoring the air with their outrage.
   He calmly walked through the wards all the Witches had provided for the Wolves. Xaphan was surprised, as Wolves and Witches didn't get along, normally. The large calico Wolf was guarding the Lodge, the human, WIliam, was standing along side, brothers in arms. He laughed at the futility.
   "Having humans do your guarding, right Burn?" Xaphan condescended to the Wolf.
   "He is no guard, he is fighting along my side. You stand no chance." The Wolf snarled.
   "We're not afraid of you, Xaphan." The human belligerently announced, full of bravado.
   "I wish to give you my thanks, human. Without your spellwork, I wouldn't have this opportunity to strike this blow." 
   Before anyone could take Xaphan down, a black mist swirled around his feet, grew as it bellowed and breathed. The mist was thick and pulsing, black as midnight. No, darker than midnight. Wiliam could only stare in horrified fascination. Something deep within him recoiled but he was steadfast in his support. Wolves surrounded the three, Human, Wolf and Witch. 
   Without warning, Xaphan threw out a blast of black and orange cloud that struck WIliam in the center of his chest, throwing him backwards on the wide front porch, his eyes wide open and vacant. The trick was just enough to distract Burn, which Xaphan took advantage.
   "Wiliam, NO!" He turned to see if his friend and brother-in-law was still alive. Something struck his back and he was forcefully turned around to face the coward, Xaphan.
   "I have allowed you to live long enough in this plane to see your loved ones disappear, your friends killed and maimed. Now you will live with this guilt long into the future. Your pack will dissolve, your family will perish and your lodge will crumble around your dogs."
   "You are arrogant, Xaphan. This very arrogance will be your undoing."
   The black mist had almost fully engulfed Xaphan, save his face and hands. His very eyes glowed black, if Burns own eyes hadn't deceived him, he would have never believed this possible. Xaphan raised his hands, pushing out a glowing black and silver mist with bright orange pulsing lights inside.
   "Your painting may prevent me from stepping foot inside, but it will also be your home for eternity, Burn Wolf! From This Very Day, The Blue Moor will be your very PRISON! You shall not escape the confines of which you, the witch and your pet human have created! I cannot change the painting; however, I can prevent you from ever leaving! 
   "From this very day, Burn Wolf, you will be confined to the Blue Moor, forever locked away from your pack. You shall be alone...save from the paint magic in the Blue Moor...Save from the very blood which flows in your veins!"
   Burn disappeared from sight within the swirling black, silver and orange mist. Xaphan calmly walked around the side of the lodge, the Wolves snarling and drooling in anger, impotent with rage. Xaphan strode through the large and bountiful gardens behind the lodge, setting fire to all he could see. Wolves were howling in pain as the Black Fire took them.
   "When you were first confined to the painting, you thought Dad had been killed, you watched Daire and ...my stepmom..."
   Burn sat up straight, grinning broadly. "Yes, Calufray." He added. He was telling Dylan everything.
   "Disappear. You must have been horrified."
   "Yes, horrified is a good word. Xaphan had destroyed everything I held dear. I didn't realize Wiliam was alive for years. I guess he would visit the painting now and then. I don't know what happened or when, but at times I could feel him, there, in the corner." Burn pointed to a far-off corner, where the light hadn't reached. There were dark blue shadows, as if there were a dark, dank forest.
   "It was there, I could feel Wiliam sometimes. And it was there that I first felt you."
   "But I had never visited your office or the painting." 
   "No, but when you turned 21, the Earth Magic in your blood woke up. I spent a year tracing your magic. And your Wolf Magic."
   Dylan sat up straight as well. 
   "I don't have Wolf magic, Burn. I'm not a wolf." He pronounced with a huff. Burn brought Dylan straight to his wide, furry chest, grinning like a fool. His nose was touching Dylan's, whose face wore an exasperated expression.
   "Do all Wolves have no sense of personal space?" Dylan asked as he tried to push Burn away.
   "Wolves have no need for personal space, Dylan. We're social, personable, playful creatures. Only when we're fighting do we give space to cool down." Burn's eyes glowed green with excitement.
   "And you're wrong, you do have a Wolf. He's in there," He said as his eyes were penetrating Dylan's mind, "But I can't see him. He's hiding quite well." A furrow grew between Burn's eyes, making Dylan laugh.
   "I could plant corn in that row between your eyes!" Dylan laughed as he squirmed in Burn's hands, which were at that moment, ticking him gently. Burn inhaled deeply, right there, he could scent Daire, himself, Wilma and their Sweet Wiliam, but it was all Dylan. Dylan squealed with laughter. Burn kept looking inside Dylan's mind.
   THERE! 
   There was the tiny Wolf pup, rolling around on his back, tail wiggling in happiness, tiny muzzle open and laughing. They caught each other's eyes. Dylan curled up inside himself, peach fuzz fur sprouting over his arms, neck and face. Dylan's laughter changed from a human sound to a Wolf's.
   "Hahahahahahahipyipyip...YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIPYIP YIP YIP YIPYIP YIP YIP YIPYIP YIP YIP YIPYIP YIP YIP YIPYIP YIP YIP YIP!!!!!"
   Burn's eyes watered, happy tears ran down his weathered, rough face. Dylan was truly a Wolf! He looked again. 
   Dylan was a miniature Wolf. A miniature BLUE Wolf.
   "YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP YIP" Each time Dylan's pup yipped, his front legs rose off the ground, just too much energy for one little body. Burn's mouth broke into a full Wolf grin. Dylan was adorably cute. Each little Yip brought his little front legs off the ground. 
   "YIP YIP YIZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz" Thud. Dylan fell over in exhaustion and fell right asleep. 
   "Awww," Burns cooed at the sleeping ball of blue fluff. "Wore himself out already." Burn held the little blue pup between his fur covered pecs, where Dylan snuggled inside, lightly snoring. Burn's face held a huge, stupid, proud Father grin.
   "And this is why Wolves prefer to give birth in the forest." Burn announced to himself. Wolves preferred to give birth in forests, because a pup could take on the color of their surroundings. Sure, parents or sires, and some genetics had a hand in a pup's colorings His own were a combination of Thorn's, Cinnamon's and the fall foliage of the forest. He rather liked all his colors. No one ever said anything. But, his being five foot at the shoulders, no one ever dared. 
   He looked down at Dylan. Dylan's fur was a combination of blonde and grey, blending perfectly to give him a blue hue. Or maybe it was blue fur blending to give the appearance of blonde and grey? He lifted Dylan's slightly elongated muzzle. Dylan had a splotch of orange-red above his left eye. He thought of his own splotch of orange-red above his right eye. How odd...unless...
   Everyone should have been here to see this. Dylan's first transformation. Wiliam should have been here for Dylan's first energy feeding. Afterall, he had raised Dylan from a baby human. Were they aware a Wolf pup was in there? How would his brothers, Marc and Luke feel? How about Hunk and Diesel? He sighed. Maybe keeping Dylan away from the pack had been a bad idea. But, no one could know how a pack of Forest Wolves would react to an Earth Witch. There was so much he didn't know and would have done differently.
  There wasn't anything to be done now, but go forward. In the meantime, he decided a nap was in order, with his little whelp nestled between his pecs. He brought forward the lawn chaise waving his arm, enjoying the feeling of a pup sleeping on his chest once again.
   He was awake instantly when Dylan shifted back to human some time later. He brought forth another chaise and laid his son down. Dylan would be feeling as if he had a hangover. When he and Rose were growing up in the forest and shifted after Merriemma taught them how, his parents were right there to ensure they were safe after. He had done the same with Hunk and Diesel, with Calfuray. They would be stumbling a bit and feeling a little buzz.
   "Oh man, that was wild." Dylan muttered. Burn created two glasses of unsweet tea, held one out. Dylan accepted the cool drink and took a gulp.
   "How you feeling? Burn asked, a little excited, bouncing a bit on his chair, seated sideways to look at Dylan fully.
   "Like I had a binge drinking party but without the searing pain of a hangover." Dylan ran his fingers through his blond hair.
   "That's how transforming feels the first time."
   "Yah, I feel a little loopy." He took another drink.
   "Did Hunk and Diesel feel like this too?" He quirked one eyebrow, so much like Daires.
   He laughed, "Yes, they were loopy for hours after that first time.  We had to keep them between us the whole time." His face broke out into wide, open pleasure at the memory. 
   "Do you think my Wolf would have come out sooner if I had stayed with you and, whomever?"
   "I don't know, Dylan. Daire would have wanted to keep you if life had been different. Calufray would have accepted you, raised you as a Wolf if she hadn't disappeared. But, I think life went on just as it should have. I am grateful for my sister, Wilma and Wiliam for raising you. You were kept away from the evil."
  "How can one person have so much hate?" Dylan could not understand that mindset.
   "He held an old hate, Dylan. So much pain and suffering."
   Wanting to change the atmosphere, he wondered what his wolf looked like.
   "What color is my Wolf?" His head was tilted sideways, just as before.
   Burn sat back in the chaise, his long, muscular legs stretched out in front of him. Burn sat the empty glass on the flat ground, put his big arms behind his head and sighed.
   "You're a miniature Blue Wolf." He grinned, giving Dylan side eye.
   "Great. I'm a small Wolf, too." he sat back, glum. 
   "Do you know what my Wolf is, Dylan?" Burn raised an eyebrow in questioning.
   "Yes, huge, almost as tall as me, and Calico." He answered, shrugging one shoulder.
   "That's called a Dire Wolf, Dylan. My wolf is an ancient breed, just like my Father and his Father. So, no, you are not just a small Wolf." He gave his son his full attention.
   "You are a miniature Dire Wolf. That is nothing to be ashamed of. At all." He was sure to hold Dylan's gaze, to ensure how rare and precious his Wolf was. Maybe when they got out and he was around the pack, he would see and understand.
   "Oh.  Well, i'm still small. And Blue." He grumbled making Burn laugh.
   "I'm guessing that is Daire's hair coloring coming through." He sat up straight then. "That must mean you have more of Daire's magic than I originally thought." He muttered to himself.
   "What do you mean?" 
   Burn thought of the best way to discuss the entire mess.
   "When Xaphan trapped me in the Blue Moor, his curse stated only the painting magic and my own blood trapped me here. It took me years to discover the loophole." He gave a large, wolfish grin.
   "What loophole?"
   "Daire gave the spells and her own intention, your Father-Wiliam, gave the words life with his own intention over the paints, and I gave my own Wolf magic my intention when painting the Blue Moor."
   "Ok, but what does that have to do with me?" Dylan, still groggy from the Wolf transformation, couldn't connect the dots.
   "Alone, none of the three of us could break the spell. It would take someone with all three of us, that had all three of our magic, or soul, inside. That's how I found you, Dylan. I concentrated on you, hoping you had all three of us in you."
   "Oh, you know, I felt something different when I turned 21 but chose to ignore it. Was that you?"
   Burn laughed. "Yes, that was me. When a Witch or Wolf turns 21, their magic or soul, enhances. They can choose to study their witchcraft and magic craft."
   Dylan was silent for a moment. "What about Mom?"
   Burn tilted his own head, "Wilma? That's the part I couldn't understand or reach. She would have to have been a Wolf Witch, since she didn't have a Wolf. Thorn looked into her soul for years before coming to the conclusion she was a human." Seeing Dylan's confusion, he continued.
   "See, a 100% human born to two Wolves is so rare, it falls into Wolf Mythology. That's why they asked someone else to raise her, because they weren't sure how the pack would treat a human baby and toddler."
   "Is that why you and Daire gave me away?" Dylan, crushed, which made Burn feel awful all over again.
   He gulped, "Yes, Dylan. We weren't sure how the pack would react to a half human-half witch baby. That, and the Evil Wizard. He was greedy. Death followed him."
   Dylan was silent, ingesting the statement, then turned his head.
   "Who was the witch?"
   Burn, confused, answered, "Daire."
   "No, I mean, which Witch set the Wards on the Lodge grounds that held Xaphan back before he attacked? From the history of the attack you told me of."
   "Oh, well, we never figured that out. Whomever she was, was very powerful. Xaphan was greedy and we were pretty sure his attack on us all was a notice to her."
   "She had to have died for the wards to break, right? That's the only way Xaphan could have walked onto the grounds?"
   The pup had a good point, thought Burn. "Hmm....so if she died, the wards disappeared and there was no one left alive to continue them." 
   
Chapter Ten
   "Come with me, Dylan. Let me show you something." He stood with his hand outstretched, and helped Dylan to stand.
   "Where are we going?"
   Burn pointed to the dark navy color at the edge of the field. A copse of dark navy trees stood, obscuring the ground from the light. A breeze, coming from somewhere, was blowing the tops of the trees back and forth, the leaves near the trunks were billowing back and forth. The effect was daunting.
   Reading his son's mind, he took the smaller man by the shoulders and walked him towards the trees. His pace, eager with longing.
   "I know the area looks scary, but you'll be glad you went when we go inside." Soon they were at the entrance of the copse of trees. The stepped inside and Dylan gasped.
   All around them was a blue light, swirling, playing and dancing throughout. Dylan felt something familiar but couldn't decide what the feeling was.
   "Dylan, may I introduce Daire and Wiliam from 23 years ago." He gestured to the lights, breeze and loving atmosphere.
   Dylan felt his Father, after Burn explained what was there.
   "This is their soul that they poured into the spellwork, paintings. Burn's eyes watered in memory. 
   "There's a lot of love here, they gave so much of themselves. This marked them for Xaphan but they willingly gave of themselves, Dylan." Burn was whispering, no doubt feeling the love all around.
   "This is how I knew how to find you. All three of us, inside you--you, who has the magic of the painting, Daire and Wiliam, and my 'own blood which courses through my veins.'"
   "Xaphan's spell. His unintended consequence." Dylan finished the thought.
   Wiliam was getting used to the energy feedings with Marc's Wolf pup, who, indeed, was growing in fast and large proportions. He didn't know where the energy was coming from, but if the Wolf pup was benefitting, he wasn't one to question. And to think, these huge, powerful Wolves all did the same thing for their pups. He was trying to imagine Thorn, who he met a few times and Burn, feeding theirs.
   He was thinking about the past a lot these days, of Hunk and Diesel, laughing at Burn's and Calufray's choice of names for their pups and kids. Ah well, they fit their names. OR did their names fit their pups? Nature versus Nurture. 
   "What's that look for?" Rose came into the Lodge's kitchen joining her brother-in-law at one of the huge tables in the large farmhouse lodge kitchen.
   "Just thinking of all that has happened the past 25 years or so. I had no idea this culture even existed."
   Rose brought over a platter of cinnamon buns, the chef created in honor of her mother. There were sugar flowers from the forest that the old Witch at the edge of the Forest created as a treat for the Wolves. Wiliam accepted one from the platter and refilled his coffee from the carafe on the table. 
   "Normally, humans are not aware of Wolves and our habits, Wiliam." She winked in concert with his gaze. "But we knew you were special and that you were destined to marry our Wilma."
   "Was that Wolf Intuition?"
  "No, that was the goofy look on your face whenever you were around Wilma." They shared a laugh at the memory.
   "So much has happened, Rose, but I'm glad these buns haven't." He gave a roguish wink.
   "I'll tell the cook you approve." Rose laughed, then sighed. "Burn always loved these, they reminded him of our Mother. At least he's nearby, in the Blue Moor."
   Wiliam took Rose's hand, giving some comfort to the formidable woman and even more scary, Wolf. They were remembering the spell Xaphan said when he trapped Burn in the painting.
   Suddenly Wiliam sat straight up, which wasn't an unfamiliar move with Rose. He would have ideas for his work at the University, only to bolt, grab pen and paper from an office nearby and write feverishly. Instead, he sat stock still, gazing off into nothing. Rose wondered what the man was thinking.
   "Wiliam, are you alright?" She inquired, finishing a sugar flower cinnamon bun.
   "What?" He slowly shifted his gaze onto red-haired woman next to him. 
   "Oh, yes." He ran his fingers through his already wild black hair. He wasn't getting much sleep now that he was feeding energy to his pup/son. 
   "I was thinking of the curse Xaphan gave Burn."
   Rose gave a snort of disgust, "Why are you giving that evil Witch any thought whatsoever, Wiliam?" Any other human or, indeed, Wolf would have shrunken under the verbal assault. Wiliam was oblivious.
   "Burn was trapped by the painting's magic and the very blood that runs through his veins," Wiliam slowly said outloud, not really talking to Rose. 
   "Yes?" She gave a half-hearted inquiry.
   Wiliam's far off gaze landed on Rose's eyes. "In essence, the painting's magic and his blood would free him from the painting." His words were slow and thick. "Xaphan shot me in the chest with his magic. Could there still be some left, after all this time?"
   Now Rose sat straight up, staring at Wiliam.  She stood up and slowly circled the large table they sat at.
   "Hard to tell, but..." She began.
   "If Xaphan's own words blocked Burn IN the painting by the magic and blood of his friends and family..."
  "Then Xaphan's words repeated back by Burn's friends and family would reverse the spell!"" Rose finished the thought.
   "But, the trick is, neither Hunk's nor Diesel's blood or Wolf magic would work. The spell needs Burn's blood and those whose magic went into the painting. I'll gladly spill my blood for Burn, Rose!"
   Rose walked to Wiliam's side, caressed his face, "Our sweet Wiliam. We thought Xaphan had killed you. I heard what Burn's had thought, when Xaphan's spell hit you. We can't take the chance that the spell that is trapping Burn would backfire."
   "But if there is a chance..."
   "Yes, this could theoretically work."
   "Is there something of Daire's here? We need something of hers to react to the spell." Wiliam stopped pacing and stared at Rose.
   "Have you seen her again?"
  "No, the doorway of which she spoke must be blocked to her now. I know none of the Wolves can scent her, nor can Emma Rose find any trace of her or her magic."
   "Yes, and Wilma has said she is unable to 'feel' Daire." He looked up from the floor. "Just as she is unable to 'feel' Dylan anymore." He gave a serious gaze to Rose.
   "Since Dylan is trapped in the painting by magic..."
   "Then Daire must be trapped by magic somewhere. But that doesn't help our current situation." He brought out his smartphone and typed out a message.
   "Are you texting Wilma? Isn't she at a city council meeting?" Rose thought of Wilma's fight to help stop homelessness, at least in the town. She held the unpopular opinion that the homeless just needed a hand up instead of a hand pushing them out of town.
   "Yes, I asked if she knew of anything of Daire's she left behind." His smartphone beeped at him.
   "She said the baby blanket Diare left Dylan in is in the attic, in one of the chests." He grinned up at Rose.
   The Lodge had been empty when Rose and Wiliam brought Dylan's baby blanket that Daire had wrapped him in when presenting him to the two humans. Hunk and Diesel walked into their Father's office after Rose called them with her Wolf. 
   "Hello Aunt Rose, Aunt Wilma, Uncle Wiliam, what's going..." Hunk stopped to sniff the air. Diesel followed behind him, also scenting.
   "What is that scent?" Hunk whispered, unable to place it. 
   "Smells similar to Emma Rose, but different." Diesel stated. Wiliam nodded to Rose.
   "This is the baby blanket Dylan was wrapped in when she gave Dylan to Wilma and Wiliam. Wiliam thinks using something that belonged to Daire will break Xaphan's spell and retrieve them from the Blue Moor." Rose nodded her head at the wall.
   "Gave Dylan away? Wait, Uncle WIliam, how do you think this will help?" Hunk waved a hand at the blanket.
   "There's blood on the blanket, Uncle Wiliam." Diesel stated the fact.
   "There is?" Wiliam looked at Rose.
   "I'm not a great scent Wolf and Wilma is probably too new at scenting to discern it. Diesel is the best scent Wolf here." Speaking her thoughts outloud. Wiliam handed the blanket to Diesel, with a memory.
   "Yes, we're sure, WIliam. He wants the baby for his own power. I don't know if he has any or not." Daire rushed the words out as she swept the blond and grey hair off her son's face. Burn was too emotional to talk, as Wolves never gave their pups away, but understood from his Father's choice to hand Wilma over to Merriemma and Basel.
   They had arrived in the dead of night during a New Moon, best under cover of absolute darkness and obscuring their scents in case Xaphan had tried to track them. He had been using the nature wolves to do his bidding lately, an unholy alliance that nothing good could come. 
   Both Burn and Daire had scratches on their faces, blood dripping onto the baby blanket, a mixture of rain and sweat plastering the hair on their skulls and faces.
   "Wilma, please, keep our son! We have no other choice, believe me." Burn had begged his human sister, trusting no one else. Wilma nodded, taking the small burden from the powerful Witch across the porch. A soft white glow popped up then disappeared the moment Wilma gathered the small baby in her arms. Daire cried.
   "There, it is done. He is no longer our child." Burn nodded, holding Daire close to his heart. Wiliam placed his hand on Burn's shoulder, understanding the burden of proof.
   "Good, good." Wiliam whispered, mostly to himself. He stood straighter than he was before, accepted the blanket and caressed with love in his heart.
   "Good," He said stronger, "we can call Burn and Dylan out, we have friends and blood, painting magic..."
   "Meaning, the intent of those who had a hand in creating the painting," Rose repeated so she and the others understood.
   "Yes," Wilma caught on, "Daire's blood on the blanket-she created the spell of protection,"
   "My intent on saying the spells over the paint, brushes and wall," Wiliam continued the thought.
   "And Burn's blood, coursing through our veins," She looked at Hunk and Diesel, before finally giving her sister a concerned gaze. "What happens now, Wiliam?"
   "I'm not certain. I don't have spells at my convenience." He gave a hopeful gaze at Wilma.
   "I have Wolf Magic, Wiliam, I'm not qualified to do Earth Magic, so I can't help you." She placed a loving hand on her husband's chest, careful not to brush up against his sensitive nipples where Marc's pup was suckling. 
   "Just use your heart, Sweet Wiliam," Rose whispered, "It's all in there, your love, your protection. That's where the words will come from." 
   Wiliam nodded, placed the baby blanket on the wide, long desk in front of the painting. Wilma placed her hand on Wilam's shoulder, Rose placed one on the other, while Hunk and Diesel stood behind their Uncle and placing hands on his back for support.
   "Whenever you're ready, Uncle Wiliam, just start." Hunk stated, not wanting to give his fear away in his voice. 
   A breeze blew in from the far window of the long office, some twenty feet away. A calm swept through Wiliam.
   Rose scented the air, "That's Daire!" Her voice quivering with excitement.
   "You can do this, Wiliam. Daire is giving her approval and help."
   "We're all behind you, Uncle," Diesel intoned rubbing small circles in his Uncle's back. Unbeknownst to Wiliam, a large portion of the pack was in the main hall, sending out their Wolves' spirits to help Wiliam.
   Then Wiliam knew. 
   He knew what to say and what to do. His arms shot up and out to the painting. The words tumbled into his mind and out his throat. His voice, strong and steady. His love for his friend, Burn Wolf and his child, Dylan Walker giving him strength. The pack who had his back.
   "I, Wiliam Walker, friend of Burn Wolf, father of Dylan Walker, along with his family, friends and pack Demand their return, unharmed and whole." Wiliam swallowed hard, "Blood of his blood, spells written and spoken with love, protection and intention, these brushes held, applied a magic we now call upon for release!"
   The painting shimmered and a black mist covered the entire wall before an orange ball of light came from all four corners of the painting, then shooting at Wiliam's chest as had been done decades before. Instead of falling back, the family of Wolves took in the charge of dark magic, which dissipated harmlessly. The pack in the hall sent their spirits to help the human. They each had a hand on one another's shoulder, with a small chain into the office, one Wolf being the point to have a hand on Diesel's shoulder. 
   Wiliam, indeed, had the entire pack at his back. 
   The painting shimmered again, another orange ball of light shot out, the black mist held its own as a blockade. Black lightning shot out the barrier, swirls of black mist protected itself. Another breeze blew in from the window, lifting everyone's hair, giving everyone's skin a blue glow. 
   "WE DEMAND THEIR RETURN, UNHARMED AND WHOLE" Wiliam repeated again, with much more force, his voice reverberated with a hundred voices behind him. 
   He shouted over the howling black mist and blue breeze "EVERYONE, REPEAT THE PHRASE WITH ME!" Hundreds of voices repeated with him:
"WE DEMAND THEIR RETURN, UNHARMED AND WHOLE!"
   Inside the painting, Burn and Dylan stared up at the sky. Dark clouds were forming, a harsh breeze was picking up leaves and other debris. 
   "What is this, Burn?" Dylan asked, and seeing the confused look on his Father's face, became concerned.
   "I don't really know Dylan, but" He sniffed the air, "I scent Wiliam and Daire." 
   "Wouldn't you, if they created the spells for the paint?" Dylan offered. Burn tousled his son's hair.
   "Yes, of course, but this is new." Burn turned to the close side of the painting.  He scented the air again. He grinned with excitement.
   "Wiliam's going to do it!" He whispered with astonishment. "Dylan, there's going to be some destruction, the painting will either disappear or a hole will open. When that happens, I'll have to carry you and jump through. Don't be alarmed."
   That's when they both heard the crowd chanting, the black mist pulsing with anger then a sudden explosion outward. They could see the group in front of the painting, Dylan could feel Daire's magic helping to pull them out of the painting. Burn grabbed Dylan, whose Wolf was afraid burst out in Burn's arms.
   Wiliam saw Burn running forward from far in the distance of the painting. The black mist exploded outward, splattering everyone with blue paint, Daire's breeze was strong then disappeared just as Burn burst out the center of the painting carrying something small and landed on the desk. 
   From somewhere outside came an explosion, which sounded like a blast of TNT they used to clear the land of stumps and boulders to build the Lodge. The window at the end of the long office exploded inward and a huge pile of dirt, strewn with rock blasted toward the desk. Hunk leapt forward to gather the small furry thing on the desk seconds before the mound of dirt thudded on top of the desk. 
   Burn's soul didn't have anywhere to land, so kept blowing around the room, causing a tornado of papers, small items and dust to swirl. A few times the soul stopped in front of various people. The only person that could handle Soul Magic was Luke. And he wasn't in commission.
   The soul raced towards the dirty lump, crashing into it. The pile of dirt and detritus threw itself off, mixing with the paint on everyone's body. The body, was Burn. Burn's body convulsed, shook and levitated off the desk six inches. There was a blue and pink glow about the body, the soul now fusing back. A brilliant white light burst, causing the group to protect their eyes with hands and arms, then all the lights disappeared. 
   Burn was crouching on his desk, tears streaming down his cheeks. Wiliam was stunned, then ran forward hugging and holding his friend. Burn took the small, six-inch pup from Hunk and placed him on the baby blanket and held Wiliam in a one-armed hug, then saw his family and the pack. 
   He was back.


Chapter Eleven
   Burn looked around the room, his Sisters, brothers, sons were all there. After 23 years, he could not believe his eyes. His senses were in overload. So many new sights, scents and feelings. He wanted to hold everyone. He wanted to yell, howl, run. He let go of Wiliam, then grabbed everyone in an all-embracing hug. Rust and Straw ran into the room, having been on patrol. They stopped and stared.
   "Burn!" Rust was the first to break the silence. 
   "Father?" Hunk whispered, still unable to believe Wiliam rescued their Father and Grand Alpha from the Blue Moor. 
   "Yes." He turned to Wiliam again. "How did you get us out?" 
   "Rose gave me the idea." "He grinned in self-depreciation.
   "No, it was all Wiliam." She beamed at her sister and in-law.
   "Well, it was in the kitchen and breakfast room. I don't even remember what we were discussing, but..."
   "It was Xaphan's curse. Wiliam got the inspiration that speaking the curse back, with all who were involved in creating the painting, would break you free."
   "Thus, the baby blanket." Burn picked up the blue baby blanket Daire had made. He sniffed and nodded.  "Yes, Daire's blood. Very smart, Wiliam." He clamped his huge hand on the smaller six-foot man in front of him. 
   "Father, now that you are back, I will relinquish control of the pack..."
   "No, Hunk. I've been gone too long. You, Diesel and Rose have done an outstanding job. I have too much to learn to catch up. I can give advice, if you want it." Burn placed both hands on his son's shoulders, squeezing slightly to ensure his place.
   Hunk stood up straighter. "I'd like that, Father." He and Diesel grinned. 
   There was shouting from outside, the kitchen door slapped open and thunderous footsteps echoed in the main hall, some two hundred wolves were standing in awe. Into the office three security Wolves, the big ones that initially wanted to see Dylan spring from the trick step, and three farming Wolves, all burst into the crowded office.
   "What happened?" One of the farming Wolves shouted at Hunk, not seeing anyone else. "We were working in the far field when a boulder burst apart, some pile of dirt went racing towards the Lodge." They slowly looked at the far window, seeing the glass shining in the afternoon sun on the floor.
   "What is this?" The Lodge's head security Wolf asked in wonder. It was then they noticed Burn, standing off to the side, beside his Sister, Wilma. The six Wolves gazed between Hunk and Burn, falling to their knees in reverence. 
   "Alpha!" The second security Wolf whispered. Burn grinned, echoing his son's face, Hunk.
   "You may rise, faithful Wolves. We'll hold a celebration, if that pleases the Lodge Alpha." He gave a searching look to Hunk.
   "The celebration will be held in two days! Please tell the kitchen and muster all the help you can." Hunk's face broke into a Wolfish grin, causing the six to exit with matching grins.
   "Who is the little blue pup?" Wilma asked. Burn turned to his sister, scenting her. 
   "Something's different than the scent I remember." His eyebrows pivoted up in consternation at Wilma.
   "Yes, I'm a Wolf Witch. Xaphan had blocked my power at some point." 
   "Xaphan. That Black Witch has done more damage."
   "Yes, so, who is the Blue Pup?" She asked once again. 
   Burn picked up the blue pup with gentleness, who was no longer than his middle finger. 
   "This is Dylan." He handed the whelp to Wiliam.
   "We have a pup to nurse." He grinned widely.
   Wiliam sighed deeply.  "Another one?" Taking Dylan and curling him into his chest.
   "Another?" Burn quizzed Rose. She cleared her throat.
   "Yes. Xaphan had blocked Marc's Wolf--Diesel and Hunk recently brought him out of hiding."
   "Xaphan again. Is there any further damage that Devil can do?" He was asking theoretically but Wilma answered.
   "Well, yes. He removed Merriemma's soul and put her into Luke's mind and body."
   "He what?" Burn blinked not believing what he was hearing. 
   "He then put her body in a crypt on her land. We, that is, Wilma, Luke, myself and Marc's fiancee, Soroya, fought him, freed Merriemma's body, returned her soul. Then Xaphan's spell backfired, turning back her body's age to a teenager." Rose succinctly explained to the Wolf.
   Burn exhaled his frustration, "Is she alright?" 
   "Yes, she's living with her granddaughter and going to highschool with her own Great Grand Daughters." Rose explained with a laugh.
   "Our lives are a mess." He gave a lopsided grin.  Diesel was staring at his cousin, Dylan, asleep on their Uncle's chest.
   "Why is our cousin blue?" he threw a confused look at his Father.
   "See, a Wolf will take on characteristics of their surroundings when they are born. Parents' own fur colors will take effect as well." Burn cleared his throat. He hadn't thought of how he would explain Dylan's parents. They'd all agreed that Wilma and Wiliam adopted Dylan from an agency. However, he'd always advocated truth, he decided that was best here.
   "Daire and I are Dylan's parents. Xaphan wanted Dylan for some reason and this was the best outcome. Daire performed a spell that enchanted Wilma and Wiliam as his parents."
   Hunk shifted from one foot to the other. "So, Dylan is our brother?"
   "Dylan has four brothers, Hunk. Marc, Luke, Diesel and you." Rose put it out there for everyone to understand.
   "Then why wasn't he allowed to grow up with us?" Diesel was confused at the revelation.
   "Because Daire was or is, an Earth Witch, Diesel. None of us knew how the pack would react to a half Witch-Wolf baby and toddler." Diesel nodded his understanding. 
   "To further answer your question, Hunk, Daire has blonde and grey hair, which can look blue." Burn described his lover to his children.
   "But we know Dylan now and he scents like he always has." Hunk nodded his statement that Dylan would be accepted.
   Burn, Wilma and Rose exchanged a look.
   "We don't know how much magic he has and how much Wolf he has."
   "We know he's blue." Diesel gave a wide, Wolf smile. Burn reached to tousle his middle child's hair.
   Hunk couldn't stop staring and his eyes went wide then he started laughing.
   "You figured it out, huh son?" Burn grinned, giving a wink to his sister and in-law.
   "Dylan's a miniature Wolf!" He laughed, with Diesel joining in, both crowding around the blue ball of fluff in their Uncle's chest. Dylan just then started nosing around his Father's chest. Wiliam sighed, pushed part of his shirt over so Dylan could start suckling energy.
   The Wolves in the room, including Rust and Straw, awwwww'd at the sight.
   "A miniature blue Wolf. Who would have thought." Rose announced. 
   "Now I have two sons to give energy to."
   "They're not your sons, they're your pups." Burn automatically stated, which earned a grin from Rose. Wiliam was doing his best, under the circumstances. To soften the news, Burn answered.
   "After the initial feedings, we'll help suckle the whelps." Burn slapped a huge hand on his brother-in-law's shoulder and squeezed. Rust, Straw and the two brothers smiled in unison and kept staring as they all walked up one story to the main living room hall.
   "Hello Wilma!" Navina greeted her longtime friend and volunteer at the Homeless Center. Navina Jones started the center when she discovered how prevalent homelessness was in America and vowed to do something to help. She had seen much homeless in her native India. Her own mother helped and she vowed to continue her Mother's work in America. Wilma had helped her navigate the red tape of government departments decades before.
   "Hi Navina! How goes the work?" She carried over a bag of used clothes she gathered from the community center in the suburbs.
   "Great, we got some new castoffs from the department store they couldn't sell." Navina was separating men from women's. Wilma emptied the huge lawn bag full of clothes and started dividing. The front door opened and the bell over the threshold rang out.
   "Hello, Welcome to the center. If you need help, just ask anyone." Navina shouted out over the busy noise of the shop. 
   "He looks new." Wilma whispered to Navina, looking at the average height, scruffy looking man. Wilma's nose twitched slightly, she could scent something but for the life of her, could not determine what it was.
   "He is, reports from around town state he's getting his feet wet. No one knows where he came from nor what he's doing here. But, nonetheless, we're here to help." Just then a young girl came up and stated one of the veterans wanted to discuss a cookout for the coming holiday. 
   Wilma was left to her own devices, thinking about the council meeting when the scruffy man ambled up, going through the men's clothes.
   "Why, hello there. You're new around these parts." She gave a wide, non-threatening smile. The man didn't smile back, probably hadn't seen much kindness throughout his life. He nodded at her statement but volunteering nothing else.
   He picked up some pants, a pair of yellow cords and a white pullover with a generic "" University of Life" statement on it. He looked at her from the sides of his eyes then walked to the shoes and picked up some newer athletic shoes than he was wearing. Changing out his clothes, he walked out the door.
   He took the back way, behind stores, bushes and trees to the woman's house. He remembered what he was supposed to do, hurrying to the back door, he drew the sigil again with a small can of red paint. Looking around, he didn't see any of the large Forest Wolves that normally patrolled the huge house. He didn't scent the human male, nor the new whelp or the other, younger male. 
   He finished again, looking around, swiftly departed for the evening meal at the homeless shelter the center supplied. 
   After her shift at the Homeless Center, Wilma brought the few bags of groceries from the back of her SUV and walked behind the house from the front of the garage. Parking inside was useless because of all the errands she ran throughout the day. Emma Rose was coming over for dinner and she was going to treat the woman...er...girl, to tacos. She missed having them when she was sharing Luke's body. Luke would be there, with Soroya but Marc was still in pup form, as he had been the past month.
   She almost dropped the bags when she saw the red sigil. She could feel the magic beading off the red drawing. She did set the bags down, dragged the green water hose over to the door and started spraying. Whomever drew the sigil must have just left because the paint hadn't even been dry yet. Some rustling behind the backyard caught her attention and turned with the hose.
   "Wolves don't enjoy getting sprayed any more than dogs do." A deep humorous voice calmly explained to her. 
   "Straw," She laughed, "Spraying you wasn't my intention. Just cleaned another sigil off my house." She waved to the now dripping red paint running down her back door. Straw quickened his steps and sniffed the back-door area.
   "Nothing here, can you scent something?" 
   "No, nothing, but i'm so new at this. Anyway, the sigil is gone and the malintent is gone as well. Want to help prepare dinner? We're having tacos tonight, in honor of Luke and Emma Rose." 
   "Tacos? I'm in!" Straw announced with as much vigor as he would chasing a rabbit. He picked up the second bag and entered the house with her.
   An hour or so later, Wilma and Straw had chopped, diced and slivered vegetables, lettuce and cheese for the tacos. Wilma was just starting to brown pounds of ground beef, turkey and pork for the chili seasoned meat. Wiliam entered with Rust and Emma Rose, all laughing and sharing a conversation. Rust and Wiliam were carrying six packs of various ales and beers for the evening.
   "Wow, something smells great!" Wiliam sniffed the air, showing the guests into the large kitchen. The decor was 'Country French', Wilma's love of the friendliness and warmth of the white and blue, was greeting everyone.
   "Tacos, in honor of Emma Rose. Where's Luke?"
   "He wanted to check in at the Lodge, to see Dylan and Marc. He's been feeling a bit left out because his brothers and cousins are Wolves. He'll be here before long."
   "Luke will be better soon. He just wants to fit in and he'll find his place" Rust reached over for some shredded cheese. Wilma was adding a pound of diced mushrooms to the meat and shredded leeks to enhance the taco meat. 
   "How are the new pups?" Wilma asked, grinning at Straw, who had spent fifteen minutes almost shredding his knuckles on the box grater, perturbed at Rust who was snacking on the cheese. He handed the half pounds of cheddar and swiss with the box grater to Rust, who smiled back.
   "They're rambunctious." Wiliam announced with a sour face, making the two Wolves laugh.
   "Burn said Marc is old enough now that the pack can take turns suckling him. He's about ten or twelve weeks old now, so Papa's job will wean a bit." Straw lightly pounded the pack's friend on the back. 
   "Has Dylan woke up yet?" Wilma turned back around to ask Wiliam. 
   "No, I fed him my energy for a few hours. Burn said we'll take turns every other day or two, because we're both his Father. Which means my nipples will heal." 
   "Better you than me. My nursing days are over." Wilma laughed with Emma Rose joining in. 
   "I don't envy you at all. Tom was a darling, quiet boy. So sorry I missed my granddaughter and great grands growing up." Emma Rose added. Straw gave her a shoulder hug.
   "They were all great, we took turns keeping watch over the house and your crypt." 
   Emma Rose grasped his hand, "Thank you."
   The back door opened and Luke waltzed in through the mudroom.
   "Mmmmmm, I smell tacos!" He hugged his mother around her waist, then snuck a fingerfull of taco meat, earning himself a playful smack on the wrist and kiss on his cheek. 
   "What are you thankful for, Emma?" Luke asked. He still missed her and spent a lot of time with her still.
   "Oh, the pack for keeping watch on the old household and my family." Luke gave her a big hug and kissed her on the cheek. He hugged his father, then grabbed the two Wolves by the shoulder and joined them on the wide bar table opposite the stove.
   "I would have gone to the house, if you had wanted me to, Emma." He looked down at his fingers, splayed on the eating counter in front of him.
   "I know you would have, my darling." 
   "How did it go at the Lodge?" Wiliam asked his middle child.
   "Good," Luke's smile was wide and genuine, "played with Marc for awhile with one of the security Wolves. Dylan is still conked out, his blue fur is so soft, though." 
    "You're a good brother, Luke," Rust patted his shoulder, Luke gave the Wolf a grateful smile. 
    "I'm trying." He admitted. 
   Just then the front door opened with Burn and Rose entering with bags of food.
   "We decided to join you for Taco night!" Burn poured out extra taco and tortilla shells, pre-shredded vegetables and cheese.
   "Thank you for the pre-shredded cheese!" Rust shouted, dropping the box grater, but Straw put it back in his hand. 
   "Oh, you're not done, O mighty warrior." Straw and the others laughed.
   "Harsh taskmaster, you are." Rust laughed, grating once again.
   "Builds character." Rose winked at Rust as he narrowly missed grating his knuckle again.  Rose placed ten jars of medium and hot salsa and sauce on the counter. 
   "We may have another visitor or two tonight." Rose announced mysteriously. Wilma turned around again.
  "Oh? Who?" she folded in some diced celery and a bag of the shredded carrots Burn brought to wilt with the meat and mushrooms.
   She only smiled vaguely. There was a knock at the back door, Straw quickly gave the group a look, then relaxed as he walked to the door. Quiet words were spoken, the door shut and he walked back, handing a report to Rose.
   "This is a report from the Security Wolves who patrol the outskirts of all the Wolf properties." She gave the document a once over. "The nature wolves have been attacking more neighbor's farms. They've been killing chicken, livestock, in fact the alpaca farm lost two baby alpacas and another farm lost two yearlings."
   Straw's eyebrows furrowed, "We know they've been active but this shows they're not afraid of consequences." 
   "Someone's been giving them ideas, if they're blatantly creating havoc." Rust offered. Burn was quiet, not sure if he should be offering anything. Rose, his Sister, patted his arm. Nothing he could do. She turned to her younger counterpart, giving her a quizzing glance.
   "Something on your mind, Rose?" She smiled.
   "Burn and I were just wondering on the way over how our Mother and Father got their human names." She smiled at the deceptively old witch in the young body. Emma Rose smiled at the memory.
   "Your mother had been visiting three or four times already and your father appreciated my friendship, especially after I killed a snake that almost attacked him a year before, that was when they brought you, Burn, for the first time. In fact, you ran towards the tomato trees!" She laughed heartily and Burn blushed.
   There was a knock at the back door, Rust rose, smiling, trotted to the mudroom and greeted someone with vigor. He walked back in with Marc under his arm and the Black and Brown fur covered security Wolf from Rose's own secondary pack on the northern side of the property, behind them.  He acknowledged his Queen, with a nod, stating Marc and the Lodge were fine, no issues or problems.
   Marc, however, was stumbling a bit, a wide wolfish grin and stumbled into his father's chest. He had big wide eyes for Wiliam. Wiliam opened his arms, to ensure his eldest son he was there. Wiliam stood directly between Wiliam's wide stance, his feet meeting the insoles of his Father's. His arms encircled Wiliam's shoulders, his hand shot up to Wiliam's head, fingers running through his hair while he sniffed the sides of Wiliam's head, face and neck.
   "Hi Dad!" Marc gave a stupidly happy grin. Wiliam was getting used to a Wolf's lack of personal space, grinned back.
  "Hi Son." He was calm and relaxed, having been given many lessons on Wolf whelp and pup behavior. Marc took a long step to his Mother, wrapped his arms around her body, fingering and sniffing her hair. She gently laughed.
   "Hi Mom!" 
   "Hi Marc. Are you eating with us tonight?" He sniffed again. 
   'Wouldn't want to miss taco night." He stepped around the center island, boldly sniffed Burn and blurted out.
  "I don't know who you are." Then absolutely ignored him, gave Rose a hug, sniffed her hair and moved on to Luke. He stood right in front of his brother, who was sitting sideways on the stool, his knee pushing Emma Rose. 
   "Hi Luke." Marc was staring in Luke's eyes, not moving, his smile not releasing his face.  Luke gave a sad smile back, raising one hand to shake his brother's hand in return. That was all Marc needed. He bent his knees, picked up Luke's six-foot frame, giggling and laughing while hugging and sniffing his brother. 
   "You came to see me!" His wide eyes teared up and Luke couldn't help grinning back.
  "Of course, that's what brothers do." He held on to Marc's shoulders, which were stronger now. "You can put me down; taco shells are heating up." 
   "Ok." Marc put his brother down and sat on the other side of Straw. 
   "Hi Merriemma." He finally greeted. 
   "Hi Marc, my name is Emma Rose now, due to a slight mix up." She nodded demurely.
   "Ok." He answered then ignored her, too. Marc noticed Straw, so began his greeting of hugging and sniffing once again. Rust's mouth quirked up slightly in amusement. Wiliam shook his head at the new life developments. Straw was showing Marc the proper way to sniff and was laughing at Marc's playful attitude.
   Emma Rose piled her plate with tacos, broccoli salad, enjoying the tacos. She gazed into a painting off into the living room, tall trees, shadowed bushes and ferns. She could almost feel Wolves off into the dense undergrowth. She remembered her Wolf friends from another lifetime.
   "Rose, do you remember visiting with me" Emma Rose quirked her eyebrows up at the formidable woman. 
   "Of course," Rose began, "I was about two or three as a whelp at my first visit. Mother had such a huge love for you." A scent of a smile touched the corners of her mouth.
   "Yes, Cinnamon brought Thorn to meet me. This was before Xaphan sent the cobra to kill him." Emma Rose brought up her bottle of Ale and set it on the coaster at the kitchen island. She began the tale.
   Emma Rose, then Merriemma, was pulling up weeds amongst the beans and tomatoes when she heard rustling near the roses. Looking around the foliage she found Cinnamon patiently waiting for her human friend. Both were in the early stages of pregnancy, Merriemma with Tom and Cinnamon with Burn. She placed the hand hoe on the ground, stood up from the garden blanket she knelt on for comfort and walked over to the Rose bushes.
   "Hello, Cinnamon, my friend!" She laid crosswise on her legs, getting comfortable. Cinnamon nodded her head regally and gave a Wolf smile. Then she gave a scowl, tilting her head over the gentle rolling hills and gave a serious look to her friend.
   "No, nothing from him lately. Don't know what he's up to, but glad he's not around." Cinnamon nodded again, looked behind her in the wheat field and another Wolf crawled out the stalks. He was large, magnificent and intelligence glowed from his green eyes.
   "Now, whoever is this handsome Wolf?" 
   Cinnamon placed her paw on the larger Wolf's own paw, then looked back at her friend.
   "Oh, so this is the father, himself! Well, Cinnamon, you've done quite well for yourself." Merriemma glowed at her friend, stroking her head. "Does he have a name?" 
   Cinnamon thought not, they only ever called him Alpha or Leader, his brother only called Second. She shook her head, while communicating with her Mate.
   'This is the sweet flower that caught my attention years ago.' 
   'Yes, the scent is sweet, but different from the Sugar Flowers the Witch made for us.'
   'Go ahead, smell them, then.' Cinnamon goaded her mate to the Roses.
   Merriemma watched as the large Wolf walked over to the roses, stuck his face inside the bush, then crashed backward, yelping in pain. He had inadvertently gotten one of the bigger, sharper thorns in his tender nose. Merriemma gasped and leaned forward.
   "Oh, that is terrible, Mr. Wolf!" Merriemma was concerned, because a Wolf's nose was more tender and could scent more aromas and odors than a human's. "If you come to me, I can get the thorn out your nose, if you trust me." 
   Cinnamon pushed gently at her Mate to go to the human and trust him. The Wolf crawled forward until he was at Merriemma. 
   'Alright, I'm going to pull this straight out for you." She slowly pushed her hands towards the large wolf, who could easily have snapped his muscled muzzle and break her hands and arms. He laid perfectly still, which was difficult seeing how much pain he was in. 
   She put two delicate fingers on each side of the thorn, suddenly grasping and pulling back out so as not to leave the sharp, pointed tip in the poor Wolf's nose. He waggled his head back and forth, glad for the thorn to be gone. 
   "There, it's all gone. And I think you'll be feeling much better." Merriemma grasped one of the larger Roses by the stem and pulled it down for the Wolf to scent.
   "Just place your poor nose inside the Rose and you'll smell it much better." The Wolf was second guessing his visit, but he only felt kindness from the woman and truly she was sorry he had gotten hurt. So, he did lean forward and the scent was even more remarkable.
   "These were planted by my Great or Great-Great Grandmother. Each woman is responsible for keeping them alive. They are filled with love and protection." Merriemma glanced at the thorn and had a thought.
   "You know, a thorn protects the Rose from deer and other nibblers who would eat the rosebuds. I believe you protect your group of other Wolves, so how would you like to be called Thorn?" She gave a smile. The Wolf thought about the proposal. Indeed, the thorn had protected the Rose and he nodded.
   "That's a wonderful story, Emma Rose!" Wiliam announced, helping himself to a 4th taco. Marc and Luke each ate five, with Rust and Straw gobbling eight each. Burn and Rose each had seven as well. The broccoli salad Rose had brought was gone, a hit with the group. Bags of various potato chips were still on the Island as well. 
   "That was my first of many meetings with Thorn. Base, my husband, was a good friend with him. Thorn stated many times how grateful he was for the human male for teaching him how to be human." She was lost in thought, when Rose Wolf stretched her arm to grasp the human's shoulder in camaraderie. 
   "I'm not feeling all that well." Luke arose from the chair, grasped the back for balance and wobbled towards the stairs. Marc's head immediately snapped up to attention and sped to help Marc up the stairs. 
   Wilma placed her hand on her husband's arm, with a look of alarm.
   "You think he's alright?" Her face wrinkled with concern. Wiliam placed his large hand on top of hers and held it for a fraction of a second.
   "He just could have eaten too much, you know how much competition the boys have with each other." He gave his worried wife a wink but secretly thought something was up with Luke. 
   Rust and Straw sniffed and stood up, both squinted at Burn and his sister Rose. 
   "We're going to head outside for some fresh air." Rust announced in no uncertain terms. Emma Rose quirked her head a little to ascertain what was going on. Wilma sniffed and shook her head and started to rise after the two experienced Security Wolves. 
   "And just where do you think you're going, our sweet little Wolf Witch?" Rose questioned her sister, pointing with fork full of the broccoli salad. Wilma withered a little under her big sister's gaze with Burn watching, amused. 
   "Uhm....bringing more taco meat to the table? She questioned then laughed. 
   "Those two have more experience and can defend themselves better," Rose lectured, then smiled.  The two walked back inside and sat back down. 
   "Was it anything?" Rose inquired, not bothered at all. She scented a visitor as well.
   Rust shrugged and Straw went back to devouring a new taco. "Just a nature wolf, probably scenting Wilma's delectable tacos." He winked and shoved a handfull of potato chips in his mouth, grinning. Burn threw a thoughtful gaze at Emma Rose.
   "What?" She wiped a napkin across her face, "Do I have taco meat on my face?" She asked, laughing.
   Burn laughed, shaking his head no, "No, Emma Rose, I was just wondering did Thorn know how to shift to human by himself? That wasn't done in the Forest Wolf pack."
   "No," She answered softly, "Thorn and Cinnamon came to us a few months later, in late Autumn." 
   Base and Merriemma were working in the garden, harvesting the late fall vegetables, the rose bush already gone into hibernation for the long hard winter ahead. Base stood straight up, Merriemma not paying attention, continued to work the yams out of the earth. She turned to her husband upon hearing him chuckle.
   "What on earth has you so humored?" She asked, sitting up on her heels. Base pointed with a garden rake to the waving sheathes of field grass that had replaced the wheat earlier in the fall. 
   "Someone's paying us a visit." He leaned the rake against the big tree between the house and the garden and walked to the edge of the property. Merriemma stood and joined her husband. Two black noses appeared, followed by one blond-red wolf face then a calico wolf face. They scented for predators, guns and poisons. Satisfied they weren't in danger, they ambled into the open patch of grass, carefully tendered by Basel over the spring and summer. 
   Base and his wisp of a wife, sat on the grass and petted the friendly wolves. 
   "Well, hello Cinnamon, Thorn." Merriemma invited sweetly. 
   "Always a pleasure to see friends." Basel roughly fingered Thorn's amber, black and brown fur, which he seemed to enjoy the human's touch.  "How can we help you today?" Base asked with a grin. 
   Thorn threw a concerned gaze at Cinnamon, who nodded, approving whatever her mate had to say. Thorn placed his huge paw on the human man's hand, giving him a thoroughly concentrated gaze. Base picked up the paw, looking for a cut or scrape, but the wolf shook his head no. Cinnamon placed her huge paw on her friend's hand as well. 
   "You want us to help you with something?" Merriemma leaned over, confused. Cinnamon nodded thoughtfully. 
   Base leaned over so he could look the wolf eye to eye. "How can we help, friend?" 
   Thorn put his paw back over the man's hand and was concentrating on Basel's hand. Something shimmered in the wolf's paw, and for a moment, Base thought he saw human fingers through the fur. He gasped and placed his hand over Thorn's paw.
   "Does that mean what I think it means?" He gasped in surprise. 
   "Chief Sequoia did mention shapeshifters at the lecture in Native American Mythology." Merriemma suggested as she remembered the lecture the tall, sturdy Chief in their community gave. She also remembered him throwing several glances her way that day. "We could go get him?" She tossed the question out in the open. 
   Abruptly Thorn shook his head no and nosed Bases hand again.
   "Oh, Merri, I think they want us to help them." Base carefully petted the Wolf's giant head and Thorn pushed his head further under the human's touch. 
   Merriemma gasped, "Well," she tenderly took Cinnamon's paw in her hand, "if you trust us that much, we'd be honored to help you turn human." The correct terminology would come later as their friendship continued, favors asked and granted.
   "What do you want us to do?" Base asked Thorn. Thorn, nipped at Base's shirt and made to take it off. Since wolves had no personal space or body issues, asking the humans take off their, unnecessary in their opinions, clothes so they could see what they had to transform into. Base chuckled at Merriemma's initial embarrassment.
   "How about we go into the house? You know that busybody likes to snoop on others."  Merriemma gasped again--she was doing that a lot lately. 
   "Honestly, Base, she's not that--" Base was giving her a playful scowl, cutting her off. She laughed heartily.
   "Ok, yes, she's that bad." She tenderly caressed cinnamon's muzzle. "We'll be safe inside the house, away from people staring and intruding." Cinnamon nodded in agreement, "Tom is with my mother, who is at her sisters, so we'll not be bothered." Thorn was sniffing for lies and doubts, but scented none. They had already trusted the human, Base, with a gun in their presence. Base and his wife put away the gardening tools quickly, and the four of them entered the back door.
   They entered through a small, but efficient kitchen on one side of the room and a small four-person table on the other side, just beyond the door. Through a small hallway they found a moderate but comfortable living room, wallpapered in a happy yellow, mimicking the outside of the house. There was a chair on the end of the room, a loveseat along the wall opposite the wide front windows. Base closed the heavy curtains, to keep out the nosy busybody and muffle sound. 
   "Thorn, you and I will stay out here, while Merriemma and Cinnamon head to the bedroom, to give them more privacy." Merriemma pointed to another small hallway and walked to the door on the left. Thorn followed carefully, at a crouch, throwing quick glances. He and cinnamon scented the humans everywhere in the house. Satisfied that no one was waiting for them inside, he nodded while the human woman and his mate entered the small chamber inside with the big bed.
   Thorn walked back to the living room, sniffing the furniture, under the couch, then laid down on the soft carpet. It wasn't his forest floor, but it was comfortable.
   "So, how do we do this?" Base asked softly as he sat cross legged with the huge wolf. Thorn nipped at the man's clothes and gave him a look he gave his pup, Burn, when he couldn't follow simple instructions. Base laughed softly again.
   "Oh, ok, you need to see what a human man looks like so you know what to do?" Base was a bit uncomfortable but tried to act like it was nothing. He removed all his clothes and tried to sit on his carpet as nothing were different. Thorn pushed his chest with his powerful head, to lay down. 
   "Well, ok, Thorn, you need to see?" Thorn nodded and sniffed Base's face, neck and wide back. Base wiggled a bit when Thorn was sniffing his sides.  "I'm just a bit ticklish, Thorn." He made himself relax but when Thorn sniffed his bellybutton and swiped with his tongue, he gave a small gasp of surprise making Thorn fall back in a crouch, his ears flattened. Base propped himself up on one arm, laughing.
   "Sorry about that, Thorn, I'm ticklish as I said." He pointed to his bellybutton, "That's a leftover after humans are born, there's a cord attached to the mother, inside her body. We call this a bellybutton."
   Thorn nodded in agreement, pups sometimes had a scar after the mother chewed the after-pup but no big crater on their body. He was surprised again when he saw a soft lump of flesh flop over and softly growling at it. Base gave a hearty laugh.
   "Thorn, this is exactly what you have, just..." Base pointed at his own member, then at Thorns "without the fur." Thorn nodded then wondered how human males kept warm in cold times and protected their skin. He remembered the thick, heavy clothes he and his mate, Merriemma wore. Thorn looked at the clothes and nodded again. Base followed his gaze and knew what the wolf was thinking.
   "Humans wear clothes for modesty--so we don't walk around naked and to protect our skin from the sun, wind, rain and snow." 
   Thorn nodded and laid on his side, facing Base. Base followed suit, laid on his side, facing the wolf, who was wearing a concerned look. Base held the wolf's paw in his hand.
    "I'll be right here, Thorn," He gave the paw a kind of handshake, "go ahead and look, to see if you're getting the hang of the switch from wolf to human."
   They looked into each others eyes and Base could swear he saw something other than eyes looking back. He would swear to his dying day he could see a tall, well built man staring back. Not quite Native American but not quite German like he and his father either. Nothing seemed to be happening for a long time, but a kind of mist or smoke arose from the Wolf's fur. 
   Thorn was quivering and slapped his paw on Basel's hand. The Wolf's eyes were black and concentrating, his gaze switching from Basel's meaty arms, in the wolf's eyes, to his powerful thick shoulders and chest, as trying to mimic the human's form. The Wolf was jerking his arm, the fur was matting. Base heard bones cracking and the Wolf yipped while skin tore, muscles contracted, stretched and shrank. 
   Suddenly a hand was grasping Basel's, the wolf back broke, elongated and thickened. The fur disappeared over the body, his muzzle shortened and his face drew long, full lips appeared, his black eyes bore into Basel's own blue. Base was fascinated as the wolf's legs kept growing, he thought Thorn would meet his height. He realized he had been holding his breath, waiting for the change to stop. 
   Thorn was gasping, his eyes glazed over; arms, legs inert, breathing heavy as if he just ran through the forest chasing a deer for his pack. His slightly hairy body was glistening with sweat, the muscles taut. His eyes snapped into focus, terrified, not remembering where he was momentarily. He felt strong arms grasp his upper body.
   Base brought Thorn to his side, both still sitting on the carpet, holding the new man up, almost cradling to himself.
   "Thorn, it's Basel. You're in my house, you just changed to human." He whispered, as if his very voice would startle the man. Base regarded the new human-wolf. Thorn now had black hair, the same black eyes, a reddish beard and blond-brown chest hair. No wonder his wolf was calico. He turned slightly to the couch and brought the sofa blanket across Thorn's body, thinking the air was slightly cooler for the man, now that he didn't have all that fur keeping him warm. Not knowing what to do, he just held onto his friend.
   

CHAPTER TWELVE
   Everyone was silent at the table in Wilma's Kitchen-Dining area at the end of Emma Rose's tale. Finally Rose spoke.
   "That was beautiful, Merri....I mean, Emma Rose." Rose put a gentle hand on the young woman's hand.
   "Thank you Rose." She removed her hand from under the other woman's hand and patted with affection. "I was Merriemma for so long that even I have to admit getting used to Emma Rose has taken some time." She chuckled, stirring the poppy seed and raspberry vinegar coleslaw around her plate.
   "You're doing wonderfully." Burn agreed with his sister. "We never knew the story about their learning to shift. When they came back that next night, they were different but we didn't know what it was." Burn stared off into the living room.
   "How about a spicy, zesty Syrah in the living room while we-" Wilma started to say when Rose cut her off with a hand gesture, staring at the ceiling where her nephews were resting. Just as she cocked her head, Burn took a step forward, his face scrutinizing something he couldn't figure out. Rust and Straw were cocking their own heads, fur starting to push through their skin simultaneously. Thundering footsteps were heard pounding down the stairs, Wiliam and Wilma were looking around, not understanding.
   "Luke's not well." Marc whispered, waving his arm up the stairs, where harsh moaning, gasping and thrashing around in covers could be heard emanating from their shared room. 
   The four wolves and two humans followed Marc, a newly changed wolf, into the room. Luke's skin was blotchy pale and alternating red with black, his eyes open and glassy. His young face contorted in pain. His torso shot up from the bed, doubled over, both arms holding his abdomen, sweat pouring off his body.
   "DAD!" he grunted, Wiliam sat on the edge of the bed, holding his middle child.
   ''Dad's here, buddy." Wiliam held on, gently rocking back and forth, shivering with fever. 
   "What's going on? Is it food poisoning?" Wilma looked over at her sister, Rose. Emma Rose took a step forward, her hand lightly resting on her namesake's arm.
She was looking into Luke's eyes; her soul having shared his body for many years.
   "I don't think so, Wilma." She whispered then shot a look at Rose, Burn then Rust.
   "What's going on with my child?" Wiliam asked the room in general. 
   "Oh my dog..." Burn mumbled. Instead of correcting or glaring at her brother for the childhood joking term, held onto Burn's huge bicep that could easily crush a human skull, now impotent to help his frightened nephew and family.
   'It can't be possible..." Rose was dumbfounded. She stared at Rust, who was pale and shaking. Which was impressive, as he had dark, richly colored skin himself. He tore off his clothes, lept onto the bed while Straw tore his own clothes off, pushed Wiliam off the bed and laid on Luke's other side. They were both holding onto his shoulders, looking intently into his eyes.
   "What's going on?" Wiliam asked again, his voice deathly calm.
   Burn walked over to Wiliam's side, hugged his body to his side while Rose walked to her sister and held onto her body. Wilma started crying. Marc stood behind his father Wiliam, grinning and hugging from behind, around his neck.
   "Luke's gonna change!" Marc whispered excitedly and Emma Rose nodded in agreement. 
   Sure enough, Luke was screaming in pain, his skin mottled, patches of black fur sprouted from his neck, arms and legs. His body shuddered and a loud POP shattered the silence. 
   Luke's spine had snapped, a black and green mist swirled up from his body, which was now writhing in pain. Burn and Rose held up their sister and brother-in-law. Watching a shift to wolf was agonizing for anyone. Especially one's child. 
   Luke curled up into himself, with Rust and Straw holding onto his body to prevent a real bone break or muscle tear. Rust's black-red mist swirled along with Straw's gold and brown mist, making the change difficult to witness for the small group standing around the bed. Muscle, bone, tendons, skin disappeared, three bodies shrank on the bed. When the mists cleared, there were two fully grown wolves protecting a tiny wolf cub.
   The cub was pure black with a patch of brown over his heart. Wilma and Wiliam fainted. Burn caught both in his arms.
   Thoroughly excited now, Marc swiftly changed to his own light brown wolf pup and tried to jump on the bed, with Emma Rose helping him up to join his brother and fellow wolf pup. The two bigger wolves made room for him. 
   After a few minutes silence, Emma Rose spoke.
   "How about we have that Syrah now." 
*******
   Emma Rose, Rose, Burn, Wiliam and Wilma were on their second glass of Syrah and munching on Taco leftovers in the human's living room. No one was speaking of the new development upstairs in the boys' bedroom. Soon, Rust and Straw came down, sat on the love seat. Rust poured himself and Straw glasses of wine, Straw grabbed another taco while Rust sat dumbfounded.
   "How is this possible?" Wiliam asked the group, then turned to Emma Rose.
   "Did you see his wolf when you were?" he waved his hand helplessly, "inside him with his soul?"
   Emma Rose regarded the wiped-out man and spoke carefully. "No, I don't believe Luke was supposed to be a Wolf, Wiliam." She glanced at a sculpture that had multiple infinity sigils on their ends. 
   "What happened, Rose?" Wilma gave her sister a hard look. "It's enough that Xaphan blocked Marc's wolf from coming out, then hiding Merriemma's soul in Luke, then kidnapping Burn. Is this his doing?" 
   Rose put her glass down, looked at Burn and sighed.
   "This isn't Xaphan's fault, Wilma." She picked at a loose thread and tapped her foot against the living room wingback chair. "I think that when Rust gave part of his Wolf's soul to Luke when Xaphan?" She couldn't finish the sentence.
   "Luke HAD died, right?" Wiliam demanded, sloshing some wine on his thigh, his other hand gripping the furniture's arm.
   "Yes," Rose agreed, "Luke had died and I gave Rust permission to give part of his Wolf's soul so Luke and Merriemma could live."
   Burn was looking at the people he loved going through something he could not fix. He thought he understood what had happened but didn't want to contribute to the hurt.
   Wilma sat back with pasty skin, loose and sagging. "Why did Luke suddenly become a wolf?" She asked the ceiling, not looking at anyone.
   "Because he's a full human." Rust drank half his glass of wine. "There wasn't any sort of magic blocking the wolf from taking part. Since his soul didn't have Merriemma's magic to block it?"
   "That part of Rust's soul became a wolf pup." Rose finished. "He's from quite a very powerful Wolf Pack in Central America. They are thousands of years old and pass down a strong wolf line. Any time they pass part of their soul on, it will break off, sort of like an ameba. It becomes fully whole, by itself."
   "Wow. So, Rust, you now have a pup." Wiliam's face was streaked by tears. All his sons were someone else's.
   "No, Wiliam, he is your son and your pup."
   "What do you mean?" 
   "Luke is pure black. We all saw it."
   Rust sat on the edge of the loveseat, "Not all black, there's a brown patch over his heart, Wiliam. That's yours. Yours and Wilma's." Wiliam put an arm around his wife.
   "We can't stay here. Those nature wolves are somehow casing the house. They know we're all here and something has happened.  We need to get to Wolf Lodge as soon as possible." Burn looked over at Straw.
   "They're both sleeping right now." He looked at Wiliam. "Luke's pup doesn't need to feed on energy right now, since Rust's wolf is so powerful. Luke won't need to feed until he wakes up, in about 16 hours. If we go, we need to leave soon. The nature wolves are planning something."
   Rose stood up, tapping her finger on her chin. "Alright, Wiliam, Wilma, can you pack bags for you and the boys?"
   Wilma, now having something to do, nodded. "I can pack a few bags for everyone for a few weeks."
   "I'll let the security company know we'll be gone for about a month." Wiliam went to his home office while Wilma started upstairs. "Will you pack up the perishable food, Emma Rose?" 
   "Sure, I'll have Rose help me." Emma Rose winked at Wilma. There was no need to state that Rust would be packing up the two wolf pups. Burn and Straw would be patrolling the grounds and edges of the woods. Soon a caravan of three SUVs were headed to Wolf Lodge.
*******
   Burn, Rose, Rust and Straw caught Hunk and Diesel up on Luke's transformation. 
   "Well, I'll be damned." Was all Hunk could say. "Luke's a Wolf because Rust gave part of his Wolf soul?" 
   "Yes, quite a surprise to me." Rust abruptly answered. 
   "Are you sorry to have a pup?" Diesel asked, roughly. If he were in Rust's place, he'd be honored to have saved his cousin and having a new pup. His inner Wolf's hackles were raised.
   "No, of course not, Diesel." Rust was exasperated. "I just meant, I didn't expect to have a pup in this manner. No one could have foreseen this result. I'm glad I was there to save Luke, he's a vital and important part of this large family."
   Diesel nodded, then headed out with more security wolves. The Nature Wolves were getting bolder. Plus, there were more incidents in the human town of the aggravating beasts tearing through garbage, killing pets that were outside, unnerving stares at the public going about their business. 
*******
   The swirling black mist engulfed Xaphan, his anger apparent by the flashes of lightning inside the mist. He was pacing back and forth inside his holdout in the dark forest, where no foolish humans nor Wolves dared enter. The thin man wearing the tan and yellow clothes, cowering under Xaphan's anger.
   "What did you learn?" he demanded, stopping to glare at the poor man.
   "They're all at Wolf Lodge now." He answered, daring not look the wizard in the eye.
   "Even the witch?" He leaned forward, eager to hear the answer.
   "Yes." The man didn't know why Xaphan was so happy to hear the odd witch, an old woman inside a young body, was staying with the pack of wolves. He hated that the Wizard kept Nature Wolves like himself under his control. All he and the others wanted was to live out in the forests, glades, moors and mountains. 
   Xaphan's broken, dark laughter broke through the misty halls of the stonework house.
He hated being human. 
*******
   There was a lot of movement throughout Wolf Lodge, emptying rooms on the upper floors for Wilma, Wiliam, Luke and Marc. Burn and Rose had suites on the second floor on one end, Wilma and Wilma had a suite on the other end of the floor, with Dylan, Marc and Luke taking a smaller guest room themselves.  Emma Rose, Rust and Straw had rooms in the middle of the hall with the boys. Hunk and Diesel had the ground floor master suites for themselves, seeing they had the business end to run for the gardens, the house and overseeing security as well as day-to-day operations for the pack. 
   The second-floor common room was always packed, with the group and many of the pack's Wolves, in human and wolf form crowding the overly large stone fireplace. Many were either seated or standing at the wall of windows flanking the fireplace, overseeing the gardens and side yard of the grounds. 
   A few days later, Marc, Luke and Dylan were in their human form, seated with their parents, aunt, uncle and family friends around the fireplace. They were enjoying the casual chat, hot cocoa and snacks.
   "So, when Base bought the tractor out from under that snoopy neighbor's husband, despite the fact that World War Two had just ended, she filed a complaint with the sheriff's department- "
   "Wait?" Luke was figuring out something in his head, "the end of world war two was in 1945, you met Cinnamon and Thorn when you were twenty or so. Mom and Dad, Burn and Rose are in their forties but?"
   Now Marc was screwing up his face, "Luke said you were in your fifties when you were banished to the crypt and joined his body?" 
   "You can't have been 20 at the time you met Cinnamon and Thorn." Luke was leaning forward, giving his soul mate a questioning glance. "Something had to have happened at some point. Was it Xaphan's curse that changed your age?"
   Withholding the truth would have been the easier option, but having shared the young man's body and soul prevented the Witch from lying. 
   "No, Luke. There are some reasons that can be shared because it answers more than one question." She patted his hand in a gesture of companionship.
   Rust sat up straight, quickly threw a gaze at Burn and Rose, then stared at Luke.
   "The reason we knew sharing a Wolf's Soul would bring you back to life and health is because it had been done before."
   Everyone stared at Rust, Burn nodded at Rose.
   "Our Father knew that sharing a Wolf's soul would heal a human, because Chief Sequoia had related a tribal mythology about it when Burn and I started at the Tribal School." 
   "Our parents knew we couldn't be around human schools, so the Chief agreed to educate us in both human and tribal ways." Burn sipped some cocoa, something he missed being trapped in the Blue Moor.
   "What happened?" Wilma asked, clearly surprised.
   "You were born later in life to our parents and realized they couldn't raise you in the forest." Rose replied gently.
   "They wanted you to have the best life and who else to ask raise you than their own human friends, Basel and Merriemma." Rose gave a nod to the deceptively young girl.
   She took a big breath. "That is true, Rose." Emma Rose gave a loving look to Wilma.
   "I do remember you and Basel raising me. I didn't remember for so long due to Xaphan's curse." Wilma's eyes teared up. Emma Rose kneeled at her feet, bringing her to her chest and hugging.
   "When Cinnamon and Thorn came to our back yard one spring, they asked if we would raise you, Wilma. We were just starting our golden years, I was around fifty or so, Basel was a few years older. Working the land, hunting and building a community was a hard life and took the toll on Basel's health."
   "Dad could scent the cancer in Merriemma." Rose answered.
   "What cancer?" Wilma was aghast. Emma Rose patted her hand.
   "It was a form of ovarian cancer and at that time, wasn't possible to treat."
   "Father agreed to share his Wolf Soul, to ensure that Merriemma, or our Emma Rose, would be alive to raise Wilma to adulthood." Burn softly said.
   "What?" Wilma was wide-eyed. Dylan, Luke and Marc were avidly listening. They had never heard of this. Diesel and Hunk were not aware either-Calufray disappeared during their childhoods as well. But they had the entire pack and Hunk was old enough when Burn disappeared to lead the pack.
   "Your Father performed a similar ceremony on me in our living room. He had to shift, of course, but we were long friends at that point. That white light left Thorn's throat, entered mine and I immediately felt different."
   "Then why didn't you turn to a wolf?" Luke asked, "And why didn't I know that if we share a body for so long?"
   Emma Rose took his hand, being seated next to his parents, "Because a wolf's magic is weaker than a Witch's magic, Luke. And a girl has to have some secrets." She winked at her good friend, who understood. "When Thorn gave me part of his soul, he not only destroyed the ovarian cancer, he turned my age back about ten years. Basel was offered a part of the Wolf Soul as well, but he said that would have just been pure greed on his part."
   "That's one reason other wolf packs don't like witches. The Witch Magic overpowers a Wolf's Magic." Rose explained returned to the former conversation that Luke had brought up.
   "That's true, I can tell Emma Rose's magic is stronger than my Wolf Magic. Her granddaughter, Merriemma, would be weaker than her Father's and Grandmother's (nodding at Emma Rose) but still stronger than mine." Wilma explained the Witch-Wolf magics, to her best efforts.
   "That's right, Wilma. Daire was an Earth Witch like her Mother, Mildred, more closely related to Wolf Magic, but vastly stronger than Kitchen Witches like myself and my ancestors."
   "Wow. This is so complicated." Luke sat back, shaking his head. 
   Someone clearing their throat, gently and succinctly, broke the little conversational group. The acting door security had come up stairs, was staring at Hunk. 
   "Yes, Journey?" Hunk asked the younger security wolf, who was shifting his weight from foot to foot.
   "Alpha Hunk, there's a visitor for Queen Rose." He wouldn't meet Rose's eyes. He'd get the confidence soon enough. Hunk nodded and stood up, the man left the second floor, disappearing to return to his post. The small group left to greet the visitor. 
   In the main hall, on a settee was a young woman with red and blonde hair, five feet ten, with a stout, curvy body. She was chatting with the dark-haired security wolf that had followed Dylan that first time as an adult to the lodge all those months ago. He bowed and departed when the group was downstairs. The girl turned around, bowed at Queen Rose and Alpha Hunk.
   "Queen Rose, Alpha Hunk, my Father, the Alpha of the Mountain Wolf Pack, has sent me. He states this is the time for my arrival." The girl spoke with authority but grace, looking at Rose the entire time.
   "What is your name, child?" Rose asked, looking a bit peaked. 
   The younger Wolf, curtsied, clearly having been trained by someone, a human, used to the gesture. 
   "My name is Crocus Wolf." She waited for a reply.
   Rose Wolf stared, her skin waxy and pale, swallowed deeply and closed her eyes.
   "Abuse Not." Remembering the flower's description.
   "Father preferred 'Youthful Joy'." She instantly replied with a glowing smile.
   Back upstairs in the more informal common room, the pack wolves cleared the area in front of the fireplace for the group, knowing something serious was going on. Besides the three humans turned into wolves. They regarded the new wolf, red flaming hair, tall and graceful. She sat opposite Rose in a matching leather chair, the others on couches, loveseats surrounding them. Burn sat next to his sister on another leather chair, Crocus next to Rust, her Mother's most trusted advisor and head of security. 
   "Father blames himself for your reaction to the mating." Crocus simply stated. Burn tried to hide the hatred in his eyes, with everyone watching.
   "You didn't know you had a child?" Hunk asked, as it was his responsibility to ensure the safety of all members of the pack-the wolves and their children.
   Rose shook her head while Burn held her hand. "No. The mating didn't go well-put two Alpha's together, one woman and one man. He thought he could grind the Alpha out of me and make me his omega." Rose's complexion was still waxy and pale. Crocus was unreadable, letting her Mother explain.
   "Father thought to bind the two packs together, forest and mountain, by our mating. Their methods were different than ours. Your Father and I clashed violently. I was only with the Mountain Pack a few months, two, maybe three. Then I went back to our pack." Rose finished.
   "I was old enough to break out on my own, so when Father asked who I chose for my second, I asked for Rose." He gripped her hand hard, Rose nodded in his direction.
   "It was during that time that I was born, the friendly Witch at the edge of the Mountain Forest, helped with my upbringing." Crocus announced. "She stated that you would not abuse me and that you would accept me into your heart." She spoke with confidence and grace. 
   "Of course, I accept you, Crocus. What a beautiful name. And I harbor no ill feelings towards your Father nor the Mountain Pack. Our ways and theirs were just too different. They must have altered my memory because I have none of giving birth do you."
   Crocus smiled, "That was the Witch, she saw how shattered you were, took away the bad memories for you and gave you the strength to return to your own pack, who could care for you until you could leave." 
   Rose sat back, shaken and blindsided. "Why are you here, now, child?" 
   "The Witch said you needed me now." Crocus answered with no guile.
   "Just who was this witch?" Wilma asked, wanting to know if she and Emma Rose had to perform some sort of protection magic.
   "No one knows. She simply was." What an enigmatic answer, thought Wilma. 
   "Well, she's taken care of my daughter, protected the Mountain Wolf Pack, so she must be safe." Rose answered. "That is good enough for me."
   *******
   "Balqis!" Wilma shouted above the din of noise at R.R. Hoods restaurant and waved her hand. Balqis recognized her friend and told the hostess she knew her way.  They air kissed, as was the way Balqis was raised. They sat down, waiting for the waitstaff to leave the water at the table.
   "What changes you have had recently." Balqis announced in her sotto voice. "What, with Burn returning, Marc changing. I can tell you, Soroya has been biting the nails with worry." She allowed a small smile. "She has been putting in overtime with her job so much, her boss has threatened to file a restraining order." Both women laughed and looked up when Rose arrived, to join them for lunch. The waitstaff, a young Wolf who was still learning the ways, left a water for Rose.
   "Thank you for waiting, ladies, before ordering for lunch. Will Navina be joining us?" Rose inquired, reading the daily printed lunch specials.
   "No, there's a newly homeless gentleman that has been hanging around the shop lately, asking for me. She's thinking he wants to shoplift because I'm only there a few hours per week." Wilma smiled. Now that she had her new Wolf Witch powers, she could cast protection spells on the shop to prevent unwanted lifting.
   Rose smiled, knowing what her sister was thinking. "Just as well, there's much to discuss." She turned to the family friend, "How are you and Sanjar?"
   "We are well, thank you, Rose." She bowed her head and all in the restaurant knew she was bowing to the Queen of the Pack. R.R. Hoods was filled with various Wolves, in town for errands.
   "Balqis was just stating she's' happy we have Burn rejoining the family and Marc's transformation." They kept the words loose, if there were any non-wolves in the area.
   "That's not all, dear Balqis." Rose softly whispered, patting her friend's hand. 
   "Is there anything Sanjar, Soroya and I can do to help? Oftentimes I feel we cannot aid the family, but we offer, nonetheless." 
   "What you don't know, is Dylan had joined Burn for a short time and came out of his experience a changed man." Wilma delicately suggested.
   "Oh dear." Just then the waitstaff appeared, Wilma ordered the daily special of turkey lasagna, Balqis also ordering stating the day was perfect for the Italian Dish. Rose ordered the steak tartare, and three Cesare Salads. 
   "In addition, Luke, as you may remember, separated from his long-time friend," Rose nodded, to emphasize the term. Balqis nodded in agreement, remembering how Soroya explained how the Dark Wizard, Xaphan had cursed Emma Rose to inhabit Luke's mind with her soul and his death and revival.
  "I do remember, as much as Soroya explained to me. What a difficult time for you, my dear." Balqis patted Wilma's hand in condolence.
   "Thank you so much," Wilma started, "due to Rose's head of security, Rust's interaction to save Luke, Luke also became a changed man."
  "My goodness," the middle-aged woman breathed, placing her hand on her chest, "You are handling this much better than I would."   
   "Knowing the history of the family helped, but yes, having all my children become changed men has certainly been an adjustment." Wilma agreed.
   "Balqis, what we'd like to know, has there been any changes in your life? With your family? Have you noticed anything different lately?" Rose asked, because of the Nature Wolves becoming more involved with humans lately. Balqis was quiet for a few minutes. She took a sip of water and nodded.
   "There has been more of those smaller wolves sniffing around our garbage lately. Sanjar noticed one staring at his car a few mornings last week." She stopped for their lunch and salads to be placed before them. "Then Soroya stated one of the homeless from the shelter had been following her around town."
   Now Rose was interested. The Security Pack had reported to Rust that one of the homeless from the shelter scented differently than the others they watched. Rust didn't recognize the scent either but just thought it was a new street drug and wrote it off. Rose was reconsidering that opinion.
   "Balqis, we would like you, Sanjar and Soroya to come to the Lodge for a few days," holding up her hand to prevent the woman from denying the need and suggest they would just be a burden on the pack. 
   Wilma placated Balqis with a warm hand on her friend's shoulder. "Just consider, Balqis. Please?" The woman smiled gently and nodded in agreement, again. They then continued to enjoy the lunch and friendly banter. 
   Soroya tried working late again, but her boss had all the lights turned off by key, so all she had to exit was the security lights.
   "That better be you, Soroya, leaving!" He emphasized her name.
   She picked up her tote bag, finding her keys, grumbling about having too much time. 
   "See you Monday." He locked the door after her, grinning like a hyena, she thought. Then laughed, wondering how he would shift. Would it be stripes first? Or that heckling laugh they have. She saw her boss leaving in his Mercedes, waving merrily. She parked in the far corner of the shared lot with the local businesses, half of them marked 'no parking-employees only', thankful she didn't have to walk blocks to her restored Mercury Capri blue convertible. 
   She placed the key to unlock the door when someone's hand turned her around abruptly. She let loose a scream, putting her fists up. Her dad had taught her to fight fists in her childhood, to surprise her attackers.  She could also change her own tires, not wanting potential boyfriends using the age-old excuse to play handsy with his only daughter. She also knew how to use her keys as a weapon.
   The scraggly young man backed up, crouched as if to attack. Attack what? She thought. 
   "Hey there, lady, just seeing if you're alright." His voice was thin and wavery, his eyes darted from side to side and he was licking his lips at her. She knew what he was thinking.
   "I'm perfectly alright. It's you that's not going to be healthy if you don't get away from me." She purposefully made her voice calm and even. He did something she didn't expect. He laughed.
   "I've been told to keep you busy." He touched something on a leather strap dangling from his neck and his skin became mottled yellow and black. She backed up, frantically trying to unlock the old car behind her but not able to take her eyes off the young man. He was about her age, taller but thin. He gave a grunt, fell down. More like collapsing in on himself. Suddenly she was facing a hip-high wolf, scraggly white and brown, his teeth bared and growling. She screamed, dropped her tote bag and ran for the sidewalk where two people were walking and talking.
   They turned towards the young woman's scream and ran towards her. One of the Lodge's security men, or wolves, she thought. 
   "HELP! THIS WOLF IS ATTACKAGGHHHH!" The wolf had tackled her and had his muzzle around her throat, she felt warm liquid rushing down her throat, pooling inside her high collared 70's styled blouse. The wolf gave a terrifying growl, trying to get a better grip on her neck when he suddenly disappeared before the two people could get near. 
   "Hello, my name is Cornflower, Alpha Hunk ordered me to keep watch on you. Sorry we were late but we thought you were in your car. Journey is following the Nature Wolf, relax." The woman was beautiful, average height and build but with such warm amber eyes, she felt all the tension leave her body. Was she dying? 
   "I'm putting pressure on the bite, Soroya." 
   "I lost him through the parking lot two blocks over. We'll take her to the Healer. You lead the way and I'll follow to the station wagon." Soroya felt the well-built man pick her up like she didn't just eat a whole foot deli sandwich by herself today. Before she could gasp, she was in an old Saturn station wagon, in the back with her head on the young man's lap. He smelled similar to Marc and started crying because she hadn't seen him in weeks. 
   "Don't cry, Princess." She was shocked in hearing her Father's nickname for her coming out of the stranger's mouth. He was stroking her hair, like she used to her childhood dog, Chili, a red-haired Dachshund. She could hear Cornflower talking to someone on a smartphone's speaker, but couldn't make out the words.
   They soon pulled up to the large meeting house she remembered and a dozen tribal members met them outside, three sturdy men picked her up, keeping her level carried her inside. An older woman she recognized months earlier in helping Marc, appeared in her line of vision. 
   "We meet again, Princess Soroya. You are in good hands." Soroya didn't realize the woman was cleaning her throat. "You'll need some surgery to repair the damage. Cornflower and Journey are notifying the pack, who will tell your parents."
   Soroya wanted to say not to tell her parents because she didn't know if they would survive the shock. They had immigrated to the United States to escape the pain and damage of war, only to have their only child attacked by a man-wolf. 
   'Hush, child, all will come out in the end.' Hush. Odd she wasn't seeing the old woman's lips move but clearly heard her. She lost consciousness when she wondered why she didn't see this happening with her gift.
   "Dark, Grave Magic."  Soroya heard in a gravelly whisper. Whomever it was really needed to gargle. Her eyelids were so heavy and something was tightly wrapped around her throat. 
   "Very appreciative, nonetheless." That was Wilma's voice. Marc's Mom. 'She's so sweet, I just love her.' Soroya's thoughts were coming together. Slowly. 
   "Never realized you could talk with Ravens, my dear."  That sounded like her mother. Odd, she's having lunch today.
   "They have their uses." There was a shift in some material. Probably another A-List outfit worn by Rose, Marc's Aunt. The Queen, her mother had told her weeks ago. 
   "Owls, Ravens, other creatures of the Night. I'm getting better at reading the Portents and Sigils of?" Wilma broke off
   Soroya opened her eyes, painfully. She was laying in a twin size Princess canopy bed, pink with a pale brown mosquito netting, opposite the bed was a small table with a right-sized Queen Anne Chair in a pink and amber thick fabric, surrounded by two tall beautiful inlay dressers. The effect was stunning. The walls were a light mauve color, enhancing the design on one wall of curlicues. 
   Shuttled together by the door, she saw her mother, Wilma, Rose and another beautiful woman that resembled Rose. She was tall, like Rose, but younger and wearing a yellow pencil-sheath dress that was gorgeous on her. She saw the young woman's vibrant red hair, cascading around her shoulders, down her back, ending in ringlets. She threw a warming smile to her and placed a hand on Rose's shoulder, whispering in her ear. 
   Rose touched Balqis on her elbow, Balqis rushing to a pink parson's chair at her bedside.
   "My Princess, my darling?" Balqis had been crying, eyes bloodshot, eyelids puffy and red. Her mother was clutching a well-used embossed handkerchief in one hand and using the other to stroke her hair. Wilma, Rose and the new woman walked to the end of the bed, Wilma seated on the Queen Anne chair, regally. 
   "Where am I?" She could hear her voice, raspy and grating. "What's wrong with my voice?" She began panicking until her Mother soothed her.
   "My darling, you're at Wolf Lodge, courteously of the Wolf's." She gestured to the two women, who nodded at her with gentle smiles. There was a scrum of bodies and noise at the door and several men entered, with Hunk and Diesel holding back Marc.
   Marc had big, wild eyes, ruffled hair like he'd been weaving his fingers through for days. His clothes were wrinkled, a chamois shirt buttoned one or two buttons off. He was more gibbering than speaking, his cousins visibly restraining him. Her Father Sanjar, walked to her bed, standing behind her mother, pale and shaking.
   "What has happened?" Her voice a mere shadow of the smooth glass Marc had described it. There was a puppy-like wail, her eyes shifted to Marc. He had light brown fur all over his face and neck, his eyes full of pain. His face was raised to the ceiling but his eyes were unfocused. Hunk threw a look of apology to Rose then to Soroya. Her forehead wrinkled in confusion. Rose leaned over and patted her foot on top of the covers.
   "Soroya, sweetie, Marc is in-between and can't shift either way till he touches you. Do you understand?" Rose's voice was soft but urgent. Soroya nodded. Hunk and Diesel frog-marched Marc towards the bed, Balqis and Sanjar joined Rust and Straw in the doorway. Marc half-hazardly sat on the edge of the pink parson's chair, leaning forward until he had both arms on either side of her shoulders. His face shoved within inches of hers, big fat tears ran down his face.    
   He was half human and half wolf, she could clearly see that now. She smiled and a new batch of tears ran down his face. He sniffed her neck on the clean side, then sniffed the side that held stitches from the middle of her throat, around her neck and up to her ear. His pup inside was confused by the scent of her sickness, the aftereffects of the anesthesia. 
   "Marc, she'll be alright. She needs to rest after surgery."  Hunk was speaking in a soft voice, Diesel was rubbing circles in Marc's back. Marc nodded but collapsed on her torso, hugging her body.
   "Should have been protecting you! Not even a good watchdog." He broke in hysterical sobs. She watched her Father approach, place a hand on the young man's shoulder.
   "No one is 100% anything, my boy. No one can interpret the future or expect to acknowledge the outcome." Sanjar put a firm hand under Marc's arm, guiding him up and out the door. Diesel and Straw helped the man with the voluble, confused, broken wolf, taking over outside the threshold. He'd be put in his room down the all in the lodge, with Diesel comforting his cousin until his body shifted to man or beast.
   "My dear," Balqis started, "you were attacked by a?" She threw a gaze at Wilma, who she knew better and who nodded at her, "Nature Wolf who had been changed to human. His orders were to cause trouble in the human world, and our town, then report back to Xaphan." She thought the simplest explanation was best. 
   "Everywhere we turn, Xaphan has done something." She swallowed, her throat constricting against the bandages. Balqis placed a wet sponge on a stick, so she could moisten her mouth. 
   "But we are stronger for the outcome, Princess." Balqis reminded her daughter. "Get some rest, we'll be in the lodge." She squeezed her daughter's hand and left the room, with Wilma's help.  Rose sat in the bedside chair, sniffed and gazed at her.
   "You're healing fast, so by this time tomorrow, you'll be able to sit up and maybe walk around a bit. I'll also be in the lodge or around the grounds-if the need arises, someone will get me." She nodded at the beautiful young girl, who sat in the chair when Rose stood. "My daughter, Crocus, will see to your needs. She's a new member of the household as well." Rose smiled, "Maybe you both can help each other?" With that confusing thought, Rose exited the room, leaving both young women staring at each other.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
   "Hello, I'm Crocus Wolf, new to the Lodge and Family." Her grin was infectious and Soroya felt an instant like to the young woman.
   Crocus left Soroya to sleep, conversation being difficult for the young woman, with having a throat injury. The surgeon stated she would heal completely but would take time. Physically, she should be up and around within a day or two. Crocus went down the hall to see if her cousin, Marc, could use any help. 
   Knocking softly, the door opened and Straw opened, gesturing silently to come in. Marc was sleeping on a small sleigh bed made of knotty pine with matching side table and dresser. Seeing there was nothing to do, she exited the room, Straw following.
   "He just needs sleep." Straw explained, kindly to the new member.
   "Seems what everyone needs lately." Crocus was feeling a bit left out, after all, the Mountain Witch only said her Mother needed her and her Father sent his love. She was named after her Mother's pack, not his. Still, she felt loved with her Father's pack. 
   "Feeling left out?" Straw saw through her proud demeanor.
   "Yes, a bit. There's nothing for me to do here." She looked down at the floor. Straw raised her chin to look at him.
   "People and Wolves are feeling down-Xaphan has extended his influence and changed many lives. A lot could use a friend, Crocus." He smiled and entered the bedroom. 
   Feeling lonely, she walked to the Wolves den in the front of the second floor. She joined Wiliam, Wilma, Sanjar and Balqis, who were chatting in the corner of the room. She chose one of the leather chairs next to Balqis after helping herself to a glass of water from the bar on the side of the room. She sipped and sat the glass down on a huge round leather ottoman that was glass topped.
   "Out of sorts, my dear?" Balqis asked with a gentle smile.
   "Yes, doesn't feel like there's anything to do." She shrugged one shoulder. 
   "Nonsense, you're helping my daughter through a difficult recovery. You've eased your Mother's memories of the past and you're giving your cousins the kick in the pants they need." Wiliam and Wilma laughed. She regarded the humans, they were a handsome couple but the stress of the past months wore on them terribly.  The Witch told her the pack, both human and wolf, needed a fresh perspective. Crocus didn't know what that meant but was glad to be there.
   "And you can help our sons, Marc, Luke and Dylan, learn how to be a Wolf." Wilma suggested. 
   "You're their parents?" Crocus was trying to get a handle on who was what and to whom.
   Wiliam chuckled, "Yes, we're their human parents." He didn't feel the need to go into deep explanations. "But not their Alpha or Queen." Crocus nodded, not having anything to add. The arrangement was confusing and odd. 
   Crocus looked into Wilma's eyes, Wilma, being a Wolf Witch, was used to the penetrating stare by now. 
   "So, you're my Aunt Wilma? And your brother is Uncle Burn?" She turned her head, much like her Red Wolf would do when trying to understand something.
   "That's right. This is your Uncle Wiliam, also Dylan's Dad." She smiled widely at the many aunts and uncles. 
   Crocus' attention was drawn to a shorter man entering the second-floor great room with Burn and Rust. Rust slapped a hand on one shoulder and left the duo to join some other swarthy men in another corner, must be to discuss security issues. Burn joined the group of humans with Dylan, both carrying water glasses and Burn placing a water pitcher on the ottoman for refills. Crocus watched as the short human hugged his mother from the side, kissing her cheek and greeting his Dad with another hug and kiss. Burn kissed his Sister's cheek as well and hugged Wiliam with obvious affection, finally addressing the Gills, Sanjar and Balqis.
   Seeing her confusion on why an Alpha Wolf would show so much emotion, he spoke to her.  "You're confused why an Alpha would hug humans? I was trapped in another plane of existence for a long time, with no human or wolf contact. There were memories but that isn't the same thing. Now that I'm out and free again, I'll always show my family and friends how much they mean to me."
   "Yes, when you're not invading someone's dreams and kidnapping them into BLUE paintings." The young man, Dylan, complained but with a smile on his face. There was obvious camaraderie between everyone, especially between the overly large Alpha Wolf who was being so gentle with the much smaller and younger man. 
   "Yes, well, I only did that out of love." Burn gave a charming smile, making Wiliam laugh out loud. 
   "How is our little wolf's training coming." Wilma inquired of her brother. Sanjar and Balqis were enjoying the repertoire. 
   Burn broke out in a huge laugh, "Oh Dylan is?enthusiastic." He gave a large wolfish grin, showing his larger than normal canines. Rust shouted from the opposite corner, "His pup is playful but not great on following commands." Which caused the group of security wolves to hoot and holler. Dylan rode the wave of comments with grace. His eyes sparked for a second, which caught Crocus by surprise. She stared at Wilma's eyes to see the same spark.
   "What is it, sweetie?" Wilma asked with concern.
   "Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to startle you." Crocus broke eye contact.
   "We have no secrets here, Crocus. If you have a question, please ask." Burn sat back, clearly not concerned with what she would ask. 
   Crocus sat up straight, her Father telling her to face others with a straight back and firm jaw. 
   "I saw something in Dylan's eyes, a sort of spark. So, I was looking into Wilma's to see if there was the same thing." She looked at her Aunt, then her Uncle Burn, "while there's a spark of Wolf Witch in her, I'm not sure what I'm seeing in yours, Dylan." She gestured at her cousin. Odd, he didn't really resemble his parents.
   "Dylan's biological mother is an Earth Witch. He may or may not have witch blood. He shouldn't've been able to become a wolf." He roughed up his son's hair, making Dylan sneer at the bigger man.
   "Wait?" Crocus was trying to wrap her mind around the idea that Dylan was born to a Witch and a Wolf. "But, Aunt Wilma and Uncle Wiliam." She blinked hard, trying to understand.
   "Raised Dylan when his Mother and I were unable to raise him ourselves. My sister and brother agreed to take him in in our place."
   "Crocus, it's hard to imagine at first, but I have two sets of loving parents, a lot of Aunts and Uncles here at the Lodge. I knew I was always loved."
   "You grew up here? A human, before you became a Wolf?"
   "Ah, no. We kept Dylan away from the lodge, because we didn't know how Wolves would react to a human child." Burn looked at his sister, Wilma, with sorrow, for some reason.
   "Father didn't know what else to do, Burn. There hadn't been a human born to two wolves for centuries. They did the best for me, with what they knew at the time." 
   'Wow.' Crocus thought. Humans born to wolves? Dylan may be a witch? Her thoughts were interrupted by her other cousins, Hunk and Diesel. They nodded to Rust then upon seeing Dylan, rushed to pick him up and playfully toss him to and from each other. She heard Dylan's laughter, so it was all in fun. After about thirty seconds, they sat Dylan back down, grabbed two parson's chairs and joined the group. She noticed they sat on either side of Burn, their Father. 
   "How's the best baby brother in the whole room doing?" Hunk chided Dylan. Baby brother?
   Dylan's face was screwed up in a humorous grumble. He crossed his arms, which on him, was adorable. 
   "I'm the only baby brother in the whole room." Dylan's faade cracked and he laughed along with the group.
   Crocus looked at Burn, "Dylan is their baby brother?" She quirked her head to one side again. 
   Burn leaned over and roughed up her hair as well, making some tangles, which he enjoyed the scowl on her face immensely. 
   "Hunk and Diesel are my sons with Calufray. Dylan is my son with Daire." Hunk and Diesel were grinning with pride. Dylan took the opportunity to wad up a piece of scrap paper and toss it in Hunk's face, grinning all the while. Hunk caught it with one hand and gave a look that said he'd pay for it during training.
   "But how did Marc and Luke become wolves? Through you, Aunt Wilma?" 
   "Marc did, but only recently." She was quiet and didn't address Luke's change.
   "Only recently? But pups show right after birth. They learn to shift later, after they leave their pup status." She had seen the Mountain Wolves learn to shift to human, with the help of the Mountain Witch. 
   "Xaphan blocked Marc's pup when he was a baby, Crocus, at the same time he ripped Merriemma's soul from her body." Burn quietly explained. 
   "Oh?" She was horrified. To be blocked from your pup? He would have been terrified and afraid for decades!
   "Then when Rose, myself and Soroya," she gestured to the Gills next to her, "went to break Merriemma from her crypt, Xaphan showed up, wanting to kill us. Instead, he returned Merriemma to the living-returning her soul to her body. Marc's pup was freed?" Wilma couldn't continue, she cried into her hands. Sanjar handed her a tissue from the ottoman. 
   Wiliam took over the story, "Wilma's memory came back that Xaphan had blocked her Wolf Witch magic when Merriemma and her husband, Basel, adopted her from Cinnamon and Thorn, Burn's and Rose's parents." He swallowed hard.
   Rust walked over to the group around the ottoman, holding one hand on Wiliam's and Wilma's shoulders.
   "Then he killed Luke and I gave him part of my Wolf Soul." Rust leaned down to Wiliam and Wilma and whispered "And I'd do it all over again." The two human's nodded. Crocus gasped in understanding.
   "Without knowing your wolf soul would make him your child?" Crocus whispered. "That's the ultimate gift." 
   To break the sorrow, Sanjar turned to Crocus.
   "And how is our unwilling patient doing?" He smiled. "She has always been impatient. Even as a child, she would take command." Balqis broke in tinkling laughter, knowing her only child was in the best of hands, from the surgery at the Tribal Hospital to the Wolves caring for her there at the lodge.
   Crocus turned to the bedroom, listening and scented the air with her nose and throat. Burn raised an eyebrow at Wilma, who was watching with interest.
   "She's fine, I can track her from here. She's in deep sleep and," Crocus tilted her head and gave throaty growl, raising the interest of Hunk and Diesel, "the skin is healing nicely and the stitches may be removed next week. Her energy levels are getting stronger and will be wanting to walk tonight or tomorrow." She leaned back, not realizing that that level of scenting was unheard of. 
   Hunk stared at his new cousin. "You can tell all that from scenting?" 
   Crocus lifted one corner of her smile, "Of course, it's nothing any Wolf can't do." 
   "Crocus, no Wolf can be that specific-not even Rose. So, you have a special ability, like all the Wolves in the Wolf Lodge Pack?" Burn was proud that the line continued with Crocus, even if she wasn't raised by the Forest Pack but the Mountain Pack. 
   Just then Wilma's watch beeped. "Well that's me, I've got a shift at the Homeless center with Navina."
   "My I go with you, Wilma?" Balqis inquired. "I've been eager to see this shelter and the work they do." Wilma stretched out her hand, Balqis grasped and the two women left the great room, with two security Wolves leaving the back way discreetly to watch over them. Crocus caught Hunk nodding at the two burly men. 
   Crocus watched as two wolves entered the room and headed towards the group of security Wolves in the other corner. They both discreetly nodded at Hunk and Diesel rose from the chair, walking to them and on the way, clapped both Burn and Wiliam on their shoulders but not looking at them. Burn was watching her reaction.
   "That's two of the Lodge's security, Cornflower and Journey." Burn gave Hunk a glance.
   "They were tasked with watching Soroya. One of the Nature Wolves attacked her and was their fast thinking that got her to the Tribal Hospital in time. Someone is training the Nature Wolves to attack humans." His dark look said much. 
   "Ah, when someone wants to attack, nothing will stop them, my boy." Sanjar gave a respectful nod. "I must return to work as well." He rose and was joined by a large man about his age, both chatting away like old friends.
   "Speaking of work, I must get back to the University for office hours." Wiliam stood up and a youngish looking well-muscled man walked over to Wiliam, shaking his hand.
   "That's one of our long-time security detail, Guy. Each of the humans under our pack gets a security detail. After Soroya was attacked, we're not taking any more chances." Hunk took the attack on Soroya seriously. 
*******
   Out on the moor opposite the lodge, Rust, Straw and another Wolf were trying to train Marc, Luke and Dylan. Long ago, Luke would be chasing after the three Wolves his young human legs tripping and falling to catch up. Now he could easily run, jump and chase with the other three with ease. Dylan was much smaller, but his little wolf legs were fast enough to keep up. He had energy to spare.
   Up on the Lodge's wide front porch, Burn, Rose, Crocus and Soroya were watching the group cavorting in the grasses in the wide open plain. Rust and Straw were making the three pups run in circles, to increase their endurance. 
   Crocus turned to her mother. 
   "All three are the same age as pups?" She was confused about how they turned and how they were now approximately the same age.
   "Yes, Marc shifted first, months ago. Since he turned late, his pup will age faster. By now he's about a year and half old. Rust is a very powerful Wolf, coming from an ancient pack line, so Luke would automatically age faster, so he is about a year or two old by now as well." Rose explained.
   "Ah, but Dylan shifted slightly before either one, "Burn started but was cut off.
  "On a different plane of existence." She smugly finished.
   "Well, yes. He's aging differently due to the plane of existence and due to the witch blood in his veins."
   "Is that why his pup is blue?" Crocus could not help watching the little blue bundle of energy, laughing when he ran underneath the bigger wolf's bellies, much to their chagrin.
   "That's due to the painting." Burn turned to his niece, "Did you see it on the office wall?"
   "I did, Uncle Burn. That's where you were trapped and brought Dylan in? You thought he could use his Mother's magic to break through Xaphan's curse?" 
   "Yes, and he did. Maybe it was unfair of me, but the idea came after a few years and on his 21st birthday when his Magic would start to develop. Daire thought he would follow in her footsteps, maybe. We still don't know."
   "What does this Xaphan have against your family?" 
   "Jealousy? Who knows what evil is in the heart of Man." Burn replied darkly. 
   Suddenly out in the field, at the edge of the forest, a bright blue flash caught their attention with a giant roar, as if from some prehistoric beast.  Burn and Rose stood abruptly, staring at the corner of the field.
   "Did you see that big flash of blue? Is Dylan alright?" Burn asked, he could not handle something else happening to another member of his family.
   "Yes, I see him at the edge, under his big brother Marc." Rose was quiet, then laughed softly, "Can you hear him yipping? Oh, now he's snoring. He is big and brave under his brother's body." She smiled but wondered what that large, menacing roar was. 
   Soon Burn saw the group of men, walking, with Marc holding Dylan, still a blue ball of fur. They raced to the porch, Marc handing Dylan's snoring blue body to Burn, who cradled the blue pup with such protective affection.
   "Darndest thing, Uncle Burn. We were chasing a rabbit, with Rust and Straw showing us how to wear it down, when Dylan somehow flashed a brilliant blue, then gave this unreal roar. I imagine it was how the sabretooth tiger would have sounded."
   Burn gazed at his sleeping blue puff ball, wondering what on earth was happening. He threw Rust a gaze, who was softly chatting with Luke, his arm around the young man's shoulder. Straw clapped a huge hand on Marc's shoulder and gave Rose and Burn a look. 
   "What happened?" Rose asked Rust, looking at Straw.
   "We scented several Nature Wolves, we told the boys to ignore them. Dylan lifted his muzzle, his eyes shone a bright blue, we were momentarily blinded and one of the Nature Wolves was dead, the other five ran off into the forest."
   "Dead?" Burn asked, lifting the little blue ball in question, Rust raised his eyes and nodded.
   "Dylan was aggressive, Uncle Burn. He ran ahead to the six Nature Wolves, lifting his little blue head, there was an explosion of blue then he was hiding under Marc's chest." Luke gave a more detailed explanation.
   Marc smiled, puffed out his chest, then added "I don't mind if Dylan hides under me." Burn gave his eldest nephew a grateful nod, then took in the snoring blue pup curled up against his wide pec. Did he really kill a Nature Wolf?
   Just then Emma Rose returned from the Lodge's garden. "What happened? I felt some sort of odd magic out front." She asked Rose, whom she knew better than Burn, then saw the blue puff ball in his arms. "Is Dylan alright?" 
   Rose turned to Burn, scented her young, blue nephew and replied. "I think Dylan just gets short circuited whenever he gets too excited and barks?or yips, in this case. There was a blue flash, so he apparently did some magic and killed one of the Nature Wolves."
   Emma Rose saw another of Rust's security from Rose's northern most lodge head to the forest. She turned to Rose, "I'd like to join them in inspecting the Nature Wolf." Rose nodded to the security detail, when Emma Rose caught up, they headed to the edge of the forest.
   Wilma, Wiliam, Balqis and Sanjar with their security detail entered the lodge, chatting about their respective days when Emma Rose greeted them in the first-floor main hall. Rose gestured the group to Burn's office where the Bloor Moor was still intact but lacked any magic. There was a grouping of chairs in the central part of the long office, eight dark, burnt orange parson's chairs around a large square central ottoman in a deep burnt brown and black. 
   "Thank you all for humoring an old Wolf. I'd like to get Emma Rose's impression of the Nature Wolf in the forest." Burn started then nodded at Emma Rose.
    "From what I can tell, mind you-I'm a Kitchen Witch, but I believe the remaining Wolf had been magicked to be more powerful." 
   "Wait, magicked? Xaphan?" Rose thought out loud.
   "Yes, that's the initial impression. Daire would be a better choice to have looked at the body, but what I could tell, yes, the wolf had been changed by someone who had a dark magic to them. Looks like Xaphan had some backup."
   "The security wolves have said much the same thing, all the Nature Wolves that have been pestering the county farms felt magicked somehow."
   "You know, that sigil I found on the back of the house a few months ago felt different than the sigils I normally use." Wilma said as she was remembering.
   "Did you feel anything else from the sigil?" Burn asked his sister.
   Wilma shook her head. "No, just that it wasn't anything good. We washed it off and I purified the house."
   "Then Marc's wolf come out, Luke turns wolf then Rust and Straw say Nature Wolves are coming around and staking out the house." Wiliam laid out the happenings.
   "Xaphan is, what? Symbolically marking his territory? Victims?" Rose wondered what the dark wizard was up to.
   "Could just be a coincidence, getting us all worked up, distracted." Sanjar interjected.
   Burn regarded the future in-law. "That could be, Sanjar." Burn scrubbed his scalp with his fingers, "he seems to be going after the soft targets of the Lodge."
   "He does. Marc, Luke, Soroya, Wilma, Emma Rose." Rose marked off who had been targeted the past months. 
   "At least everyone is here, safe at the lodge." Burn replied.
   There was a long silence, then Wiliam spoke. "Or we're all conveniently located in one prime location for an attack." Wiliam was remembering the attack Xaphan had twenty years prior. "Everyone's here that Burn loves. All the generations." He shrugged. 
   "So, we have to wonder what is Xaphan's next move." Burn stated.
   "The best thing we can do is live our lives and be aware of our surroundings." Burn answered the statement. They filed out of the room, Burn and his sisters stopped at the wolf's paw that had been framed in the front hall for decades. Crocus was walking out of the kitchen with Soroya, both enjoying a bowl of vanilla ice cream and chatting about the vanilla pods the Lodge's garden grew in one of the greenhouses. 
   "What are you looking at Uncle Burn?" Crocus asked Burn, who was gently caressing the glass front.
   Burn regarded his new niece and spoke gently. "This is all that remains of my Wife, Calufray. She was taken by Xaphan shortly before I was trapped in the painting." His face shown the remorse and pain from decades ago. 
   Crocus tilted her head, gave her Mother and Aunt a gaze of curiosity. She placed her small hand on her Uncle's shoulder in companionship. Her face was full of confusion and scented her Uncle's neck. Her mother, Rose, gave a questioning gaze at her daughter. 
   "What are you doing, Crocus?" Rose inquired, her hand on her brother's arm. 
   "May I scent the paw?" She asked her Mother, being the Queen of the Lodge and Pack. Rose nodded in ascent, Burn wondering what the young Wolf was doing. 
   Crocus scented her Uncle's neck, shook her head. Hunk and Diesel came in from the Kitchen at that moment both eating a beef and turkey deli sandwich, walked over to the group. Before they could ask what was going on, Crocus leaned over and scented both their necks. She nodded, turned to the paw on the wall and scented through the glass, the edges, using her nose and throat. She smiled and turned to her Uncle.
   "The blood is your wife's but that is not her paw." She gleamed at her Mother, who was staring in wonder.
   "Are you sure, Daughter? Many times we have scented the paw." Rose asked.
   "One of my powers is scenting-a gift from both my parents, Mother." She was serious and Soroya believed her, after her friend correctly diagnosed when she would walk and start to heal. Already she was eating ice cream.
   "Then why wouldn't we be able to scent that wasn't her paw?" Burn demanded, angry that he was so deceived.
   Crocus shrugged, "Maybe because I wasn't here when she was taken? Or I wasn't aware of how Calufray would scent?" Burn stepped back in shock. 
   "How could Xaphan mask a scent?" If someone could do it, he was certain Xaphan could. 
   "A scent spell?" Wilma asked and turned to Emma Rose. 
   "I suppose that's possible." Emma Rose answered. "The paw would have to be cleared of the original wolf's scent first, before the blood was introduced."
   "But it could be done?" Wilma inquired.
   "The practitioner would have to be knowledgeable of Earth, Kitchen and Wolf Magic." Emma Rose answered.
   "In other words, a Dark Wizard." Burn spat out.
   The next morning, Wiliam found Wilma had already gotten up and ready for the day, Saturday. The Lodge's Gardening Wolves and volunteers were going to give the group a tour. Emma Rose was excited because her great-granddaughter, Violet, was going to be there for the day. She and her granddaughter, Merriemma-her namesake, decided staying at the house would be too confusing, so she would stay at Wolf Lodge to keep her and her great-granddaughters away from Xaphan's wrath.
   Violet, the eldest great granddaughter, was the one into organic gardening. Her and her friend, Midge, Wiliam remembered his wife explaining Emma's three great-granddaughters, was going to be there as well. Wilma, Merriemma and friends were at the house when Emma Rose 'awoke' and their middle son was killed.
   Wiliam stretched out on the bed and felt three bodies next to him, blocking him in the bed. He looked around and chuckled softly. Three two-year-old pups were asleep beside him. Marc's pup was cuddled up near his left arm, his big muzzle on his bicep, next, sprawled across his legs was Luke's pup, already a few feet long. Then nestled in the crook of his right arm was the little blue ball of fur, Dylan. All were snoring and completely relaxed. 
   Burn and Rust had both told him that the pups still considered him their Alpha/leader and would come to him from time to time. Plus, they were still his sons, despite Burn being Dylan's biological dad, they would seek Wiliam out for comfort and security. Wiliam laughed to himself, that three Wolves would come to a human for comfort and security. He was thankful he no longer had to feed them energy anymore. 
   He remembered a worried Burn at the house, weeks earlier, outside of earshot from Wilma, Rose and the rest.
   "Just think about coming to the Lodge, Sweet Wiliam." Burn was holding his brother-in-law, not only from missing him the past 20 odd years, but as if to protect him from Xaphan's madness.
   "I can't abandon my home or my responsibility to protect my wife and sons?. pups, Burn!" Wiliam was adamant. 
   Rose and Wilma found them in Wiliam's office in the house. Burn turned to face his sisters, the exigent want to protect, coming full force.
   Wiliam put a placating hand on his friend's chest, gently pushing him away.
   "You can't place us all in cotton batting, Burn." He smiled.
  "Wiliam-you died for me once! I can't let you die again!" Burn was beside himself with grief. 
   "I came back to life, somehow. Maybe that was just to cause you grief, after you were trapped in the Blue Moor?" Wiliam grasped at any straw he could. True, he had died, then he was back inside his body. As if his soul were pulled out just enough so Burn saw that he was dead, then rushed back. Nothing had made sense.
   The pups wiggled to get comfortable again. He looked at the clock, almost six am. Nothing was pressing, so he turned to his left, disturbing the pups, Marc giving a sleepy evil eye, Luke not even aware and Dylan snuggling up into his lower back. He smiled and fell back asleep.
   Wilma and Emma Rose were seated on one of the two large sofas to the right of the huge fireplace in the second-floor great room. They were comparing witching notes, spells and protections, generally enjoying themselves at the chance to discuss past history, current events and friendship.
   Crocus and Soroya were seated at the other end, gazing at wedding magazines and staring out the large, floor-to-ceiling plate glass window at the security wolves practicing some routine with Rust and Straw explaining something to the swarthy men. There were about thirty or so of the pack wolves, some to provide protection to the humans and some to spend time with the Alphas in charge. 
   Hunk was seated at the circular set of chairs around the ottoman at the other side of the room, chatting with some outside wolves from the pack. Diesel was downstairs in the kitchen to help oversee briskets barbequing outside and various savory vegetable and fruit pies inside the vast ovens. Sometimes the leaders had to wear many different hats in keeping Wolf Lodge running. 
   Sanjar and Balqis were coming back and forth from their house to the lodge. Today they were chatting amiably with River and Cornflower, with their two 'gentleman callers' as Balqis had stated, in the ground floor great room. Burn and Hunk didn't feel they were in the line of fire, after Soroya's attack. No one had found the attacker, much to Journey's consternation. Only Wilma had an inkling that the same attacker had been the one to paint the evil sigils on the back of her house. 
   "Do you miss your son, Emma?" Wilma asked her friend.
   "Of course, but the fewer people that know I'm still alive, the better. I love my son, but he didn't inherit any of my line's magic. He takes after his father, Basel, one hundred percent." Both women laughed good-naturedly. 
   "Where has he been?" Wilma was curious because Merriemma the younger hadn't said much about her Father being gone for so long.
   "He's been contracting with some government program to help rebuild other countries devastated by natural disasters." 
   "That's certainly generous of him!" 
   "He always did want to make the world a better place." Emma Rose was quiet for a few seconds. "Maybe it's better he thinks I died all those years ago." 
   Wilma placed a hand on her friend's shoulder. "Whatever you feel is best, we'll support you." 
   Emma Rose looked around the room, "Where is Wiliam? I thought he'd be outside getting some exercise."
   "Oh, when I got up, the three boys, or, pups, immediately surrounded their Dad!" Wilma laughed at seeing three large wolf pups laying on and around their Dad.
   Emma Rose laughed, "So the pups just wanted to be closer to their dad!"  
   The two women shared a genuine moment of joy. Crocus and Soroya smiled at the older women, confusing when one looked younger than them. Only the foolish would call the younger a child.
   "Ok sweetie, be good and tell Emma Rose hello!" Merriemma was waving her eldest daughter off to work in the Wolf Lodge's Garden. Two of the security wolves, River and Stream, were providing taxi and protection service for her daughter and best friend.  River and Stream? 'Good gravy,' she thought, "couldn't they use normal names?" But she was one generation away from the Wolves and how they gave names to their pups.
   She was excited because her Dad, Tom Anderson, was coming back for a visit from helping rebuild a safer part of the Middle East. He was altruistic as his Father, Basel Anderson, wanting to improve the world and help anyone that was under-represented. Iris and Chrysanthemum were late getting up. She could hear them stumbling in the kitchen having toast and cereal. They had promised to help work the family's garden beside the house. 
   An hour later, the two girls were outside in jeans and old t-shirts, weeding the tomatoes, carrying late harvests to the cellar and all having a genuinely good time. An old faded gray pickup pulled up to the yellow Victorian house. Iris jumped up gleefully, being the middle child and feeling the most neglected, was the closest to her Grandfather Tom, or G-Tom, as her middle child affectionately nicknamed him. 
   She and Chrys, stood up slowly, brushing dirt off their jeans, Merriemma grinning at her Father fussing over Iris. The sky was darkening swiftly, making Merriemma's forehead wrinkle in confusion. She was staring at the sky when Chrys spoke.
   "Careful, Momma, your face will freeze that way!" Chrys teased, as her Mother would tease her and her sisters for making faces at each other. Merriemma smiled, laughed and made to swat her daughter's arm with her gardening gloves. 
   Emma Rose stood suddenly, surprising Wilma, Soroya and Crocus on the couch. Soroya stood slowly.
   "Oh No." She dropped the magazine.
   A black tornado, full of fire and smelling of brimstone, touched on the edge of the property, between the bare Rose Bushes and the newly plowed field behind. A figure stood, slowly pushing back a cloak from a darkened face that gave an eerie, gleeful smile. 
   Emma Rose stared off in the distance at the malformed clouds.
   "From Life to Life, Dust to Dust, That Breath of Life Shall Be No More!" Was all Merriemma heard the crackled, demented voice utter.
   A thunderous clap of unnatural thunder emitted from the figure, a pyroclastic ball of protoplasm shot from the arm and through the hand, across the yard darkened by the misting cloud. The fiery blast full engulfed Tom and his granddaughter, Iris, leaving their empty shells behind.
   "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!" Merriemma strangled out, falling to her knees. Xaphan laughing with diaphragm-backed laughter.
   "That will teach you witches to block my wishes. From this day hence, you shall be meek as I am malicious!" 
   Merriemma's eyes grew wide, shot up from the ground, raised her arms to the sky.
   "I, the Kitchen Witch, Merriemma Rose Hanover Anderson, call upon all my birth, from the First Witch to the Last, give me all the powers of Nature, Kitchen, Skies and Earth! 
   I demand all the powers, come through me, here and now, hear my cries, O Ancestors through Time, give me your powers to complete my Vow!
   The Wizard Xaphan will feel my wrath, for he has taken from my Path!"
   Emma Rose stumbled when she felt her son's and great granddaughter's slaughter, Wilma held her friend's arm, Emma Rose moaned, hearing the cry of chant from her Granddaughter. 
   "She's going to kill herself." Emma Rose Whispered. 
The skies opened up and Golden-Silver rays showered Merriemma. Only then did Xaphan's demonic laughter grow louder.
   Emma Rose's heartbeats came faster. Her fear was coming true. Her granddaughter was going to become a Dark Wizard. 
   Luke burst into the great room, human-wolf eyes seeking his soul friend. He stood at attention, fur gently rising on his arms.
   "I've got to feel the earth!" She tore off her shoes.
   "If Emma Rose wants the earth, she shall feel the earth!" Luke shouted. Before anyone could stop him, he grabbed the fireplace poker from the smaller inset fireplace on the side of the room. He bolted forward, grabbing Emma Rose around the waist, turning her behind him as he twisted his body, thrusting the poker, they burst through the ceiling to floor plate glass window in a shower of glass pebbles.
   Wiliam stumbled from the bedroom hallway halfhazardly wearing grey sweats, shoes untied, "LUKE, NO!" His wild eyes roaming around the room, searching for his missing son.
   At the same time Hunk, Diesel raced from the other side of the room, watching as Luke gracefully set Emma Rose down amid the confused and shocked security wolves.
   "We've got to get out with her!" Wilma shouted, Hunk grabbed his Aunt around her waist and jumped out the window. Diesel grabbed his Uncle underneath his arms and made the jump as well. Rose and Burn raced from around the front of the house to see the deceptively young Emma Rose in the center of the side yard.
   She thrust her arms out from her body, then Wiliam raced to confront her.
   "You have to be careful, Emma! Xaphan is expecting all of us to react badly!" He didn't touch the old Witch, but she nodded her head at him.
   "If I don't take the power, my Granddaughter will become evil, just what Xaphan wants! I'll redirect it into the ground." 
   Wiliam felt helpless, his wife, Wilma's hand gently bringing him back from the young woman.  
   "I, Emma Rose Hanover Anderson, formerly known as Merriemma Rose Hanover Anderson, The Kitchen Witch of the Hanover Clan, Do Fully Recall the Power my Daughter has Called Forth!"
   A huge thunderclap scared the Wolves into crouching and staring at Emma Rose.
   "She means no harm, Wolves of the Forest Pack!" Rose shouted. They immediately calmed down, unsure of what was happening.
   A silver-blue light surrounded Emma Rose, the darkening sky shifted and the column of Gold-Silver beams of light redirected from Merriemma to Emma Rose. 
   Emma Rose felt the column of power rush through her body and harmlessly into the ground.
   Merriemma crashed to the ground, having felt the power shift to her Grandmother. Xaphan's pyroclastic cloud retreated to his swirling black mist form, his head bolted from the now dead Tom and Iris, to the far-off Wolf Pack lodge.
   "I WILL NOT BE THWARTED!" He disappeared, leaving Chyrs and Merriemma in the wake.
   Wiliam first saw the black swirling mist forming beside Burn and Rose. He rushed in front of the two Wolves just as Xaphan raised his arms and shot a green bolt. Burn and Rose turned at the same time as the bolt hit Wiliam's chest for the second time in twenty-something years. His body shot backward, Burn caught his best friend's body. Xaphan became angrier and disappeared, leaving a scorched earth behind.
   Burn fell to his knees just as Emma Rose poured the last of the power Merriemma called, into the ground. Luke caught her before her collapse onto the hard earth. 
   "WILIAM! OUR SWEET WILIAM!" Burn cried out, holding his friend to his chest, as if to will breath back to his life. But he could not give his wolf's soul. Too much dark magic had touched Wiliam.
   "Wiliam, forever a gentleman." Rose whispered, fat tears rolling down her cheek. Hunk and Diesel were spellbound.
   The blue-silver light rose from Emma's body, congealing above the shocked group. In the middle of the light was a beautiful woman, with concerned eyes on Wiliam's body. 
   "Do you wish the man known as Wiliam, returned to you?" She asked with a reverberated, unearthly voice.
   Burn turned a tear-stained face to the beautiful woman holding in the air.
   "YES, YES! He is our beloved Sweet Wiliam! I cannot bear his death a second time!" He curled around the body as Rose only nodded in agreement.
   The being turned a grateful eye to Emma Rose.
   "You have done well, Daughter. Go to the child, caress her broken heart." She waved her arm towards Emma Rose and she was strangely comforted. "But you shall bear this mark until your dying day!" Emma Rose knew that taking the power into her own body would cause a mark and saw her golden hair turn a blue-silver. It was done and she had saved her granddaughter's soul from becoming evil.
   The Woman turned to Burn and Rose. "Very well, I see how much the human means to you and his children." She turned to Wilma, "You will have your mate back, Wolf Witch," She gave a conspiratorial smile to Emma Rose and Wilma, "I shall return Wiliam to you." She shot a blue-silver bolt at Wiliam's chest, all could see the gaping would close and heal, color returned to his face. He moaned and tried to move in Burn's arms." 
   "Do not move, Sweet Wiliam. You have died for me a second time." He whispered to the human. He was just a human and had thrown himself in the line of fire a second time, for him and for the pack. 
   "Wiliam Walker, friend of both Witches and Wolves, you have given your very life for these. You have earned a gift." 
   Wiliam heard the many times reverberated voice and the beautiful woman terrified him to his core. 
   She spoke in a quieter voice, giving him a look of love and sympathy.
   "You are right to be frightened, for I am able to bring joy or heartache. There is a touch of magic in your blood, as the Wolf named Rose foresaw months ago." She saw all the wolves, eyes open in fright, the younger wolves in a small clutch-Hunk, Diesel, Marc, Luke and now Dylan, wanting to do something but feeling the despair of nothing. Wilma had walked to Rose, trying to remember what she had found out and had one hand on Burn's back and the other holding Crocus' hand.
   "Wiliam Walker, I shall enhance your drop of magic blood and give you the Gift of Angel Magic!"
   Before anyone could move, the woman shot Wiliam's chest with both her arms extended, the blue-silver light raising a terrified Wiliam out of Burn's arms, no one able to move. Wiliam was enshrouded with the light until his body was no longer seen. Burn stood, unsure what to do. 
   "Take care of your Sweet Wiliam, for he is Pure Love, giving of Gallantry and Healing. Does the Forest Wolf Pack vow to care for this Wiliam Walker?" She gave a hard gaze around the group. 
   "Yes, the Forest Wolf Pack vows to care for and protect the Angel Witch known as Wiliam Walker." Burn whispered as Wiliam's unconscious body lowered to Burn's waiting arms.
   "You four, Earth, Kitchen, Wolf and Angel, will defeat the Dark Wizard known as Xaphan. With the resources of the Forest Wolf Pack, you will remand the last Wolf and Witch." 
   With that command, she disappeared in a flash of blue light, reminiscent of Dylan's flash weeks before.
   All was quiet for several minutes. Wilma stood and stared at Emma Rose.
   "Emma, your hair is silver and blue." 
   

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
   Burn, Rose, Wiliam and Wiliam were racing with an exhausted blue/silver haired Emma Rose to her custodial home in one of the Wolf Lodge's huge SUV's. Violet and her friend Midge were at the house, safely inside with River and Stream. A handful of guards were outside one of the smaller meeting rooms, where they had platters full of food and safe conversations until the group came back.
   They had left the five younger Wolves to protect Wiliam, but they knew they were acting out of love. Wiliam was deeply sleeping on his bed, with Hunk, Diesel, Marc, Luke and Dylan surrounding him. No one was getting close to him. Knowing what her brother was thinking, Wilma turned to him in the SUV.
   "Does it bother you your sons are with Wiliam?" 
   "No, of course not.  The entire pack knows what Wiliam means to me and to them. More would be willing to protect him, if that bed was big enough" He laughed and the others joined in.
   "You know the young wolves love Wiliam, the older pack members remember how he jumped in front you all those years ago." Rose reminded her Brother.
   "He shouldn't be that willing to die." Burn growled out, frustrated at the human's willingness to die for him and the pack.
   "I think Wiliam is just grateful he was accepted when we were first dating." Wilma spoke out loud.
   "He did take the news that wolf shifters were real." Rose smiled in memory.
   "Yes, it was after several months of seeing you, Wilma, that some of us shifted. He didn't run but I do remember he pissed himself." Burn laughed fully for the first time in months.
   "Oh, he was terrified and vowed he'd do anything to protect the pack." Wilma spoke of the forthcoming conversation her fiance gave her. She shook her head. "He kept his word."
   Burn reached for her, she joined his hand, "Yes, he did."
   They reached the Victorian house, sheriff's deputies were crawling all over the house, yard and surrounding fields and forest. Several of the Lodge Wolves were hidden in the forest, watching.
   Emma Rose burst from the SUV, running towards her granddaughter.
   "MY DARLING?" She stopped when one of the deputies stepped forward to stop her. She was going to say 'granddaughter' but was struck dumb.
   "She's ok, this is my?" She couldn't think fast enough, seeing her father and daughter laying under blue tarps in her yard.
   "second cousin, Emma Rose" Chrys spoke for her mother. 
   The deputy raised one eyebrow at the young teenager's blue and silver hair. Funny, it didn't look dyed at all. Chrys spoke again.
   "I just texted her about the lightning strike that hit Grandpa Tom and Iris." Her eyes puffy, face streaked with fear, tears and heart loss.
   "That's right. I was volunteering at Wolf Lodge with Violet and Midge, to work in their organic garden. Chrys texted me to come to the house." Keep it simple, she thought.
   "Alright and who are you bunch of people?" He stared hard at the three adults, one massive man and two smaller women. They resembled each other enough to be siblings.
   "You don't think we'd let a child come by herself, do you? Her family has suffered a tragic loss!" Wilma berated the puffed-up Deputy. 
   "Why didn't you bring the other child?" He demanded.
   "We just missed each other in driving back and forth. Violet is safe at Wolf Lodge as is their friend, Midge." Wilma announced in defiance of the man's tenor.
   "They are being guarded by security." Burn growled out. 
   The Deputy shifted. "Why would they need security?" He'd heard rumors of ill goings on at the lodge with the unnaturally large men that worked there, coming and going. 
   "Because they are minors!" Rose burst out in frustration. This was getting them nowhere. Emma Rose had work to do and these law men were just in the way.
   The Deputy raised one hand in compliance.
   "Ok, ok, just getting facts straight." He pointed to Emma Rose, "Go with your cousins, girl. Never seen lightning strike two people before." 
   Emma Rose bristled severely. Never in all her years did someone call her 'girl'. She had to remind herself she was 16 with silver and blue hair.
   "Come on sweetie, we'll talk inside." Merriemma looked at the others, "Come on, there's nothing we can do here for them."
   Chrys took Emma Rose's arm, leaning in to chat like teenagers would. Burn, Rose followed Wilma who had her arms around her kind of step-niece's shoulders. 
   The deputy had the grace to be ashamed of his actions. "The ME will be here shortly. That storm came out of nowhere. Sorry for your loss, Ma'am." He touched the brim of his Deputy hat and left to get reports and tell the other men to head back to the office.
   They were seated in the familiar family room Emma Rose knew so well. Chrys and Wilma brought out soothing chamomile-lavender tea for everyone with locally made clover honey. The scent wove around the country sofa, bouncing from the hardwood floors to the bead board ceiling, painted a soft country blue. 
   "Granddaughter of mine, what were you thinking? Emma Rose paced the small area, threading taut fingers through her new blue-silver hair. "Losing control like that was giving Xaphan exactly what he wanted!" She stopped in front of her tear-stained faced granddaughter, who was looking off into the distance through the windows. 
   "All I was thinking was to make him pay for killing YOUR son and MY daughter!" Merriemma forcefully spat out. Emma Rose got in her face immediately.
   "Do you think I was unaffected by their deaths?" Emma Rose shouted, her hair falling around her face.
   Merriemma was quiet. 
   "No." Her sorrowful eyes found the picture of her Father with her three daughters, on some fishing trip. They were all smiles and happy laughter. 
   "He loved all 'his girls' he would always say." She found Chrys and beckoned for her. Chrys sat on her mother's lap and they both softly cried. Emma Rose sat between Burn and Rose, they both comforted their long-time friend, her face in her palms.
   "This is why he had been so quiet. He was corralling us at the Lodge. Wilma, me, all the boys. Even Emma." Wiliam spoke quietly.
   "As tough as this is to say, he's getting reckless and going to be making mistakes." Merriemma and Chrys threw hateful stares at Burn. 
   "Do not forget, I lost more than twenty years with my family." His large hands curled into fists.
   "But you came back, Burn!" Merriemma shouted at once. "You cane back. Grandmother Merriemma came back! For all we know, Calufray will come back! Daire will come back.  YOUR happy little family will be perfect and whole." Merriemma wiped her eyes on the back of her hands. "My family has been torn apart, forever!" She began crying again, Chrys, unable to stand the tension, ran for her room and slammed the door. 
   Emma Rose walked in front of her granddaughter once again, with steel resolve.
   "I'm going to have to bind your powers, granddaughter." She whispered. Merriemma's face snapped up as if her grandmother slapped her face, open handed.
   "You're leaving us defenseless?" She quietly asked.
   "No, Wilma and I will set up more barriers- "she put up a palm to the coming indignation, "If you've read the book of power, from Rose to yourself, all the witches in the family have stated the same thing: If, for any reason, one of our line takes power for herself or himself, for selfish gain, they shall be bind for one year, until such time they have been proven to be forthcoming in their Magic."
   Merriemma arose swiftly, face to face, snarling to the powerful Witch in front of her.
   "I hate you." Storming off to another part of the Victorian House.
   "I love you." Emma Rose whispered.
*******
   After performing the required blocks and safeguards, Emma Rose and the rest left for Wolf Lodge. Several of the pack guards were in the forests surrounding the Anderson household, to protect Merriemma, Violet and Chrys. There were more than enough of her Coven's members to provide the warming care she so desperately needed. Neighbors left casseroles, desserts, freezer-safe meals so they were taken care of. Emma Rose didn't feel the need to stay, because she hadn't been around for decades, thanks to Xaphan.
   Burn stood in the ground floor main room, enjoying some coffee and conversation with older members of the Wolf Pack, when his two boys came pounding in the front door, chattering with fellow pack members. His two nephews came from the kitchen beyond the main room, chowing down some breaded chicken sandwiches and beer. He could scent Dylan upstairs absorbed in a tech magazine and probably drooling over the new smartphones coming out. Everyone ese was at their respective jobs so he had the boys to himself.
   "Hey, boys," Hunk and Diesel turned to their father, smiling at him.
   "Hey dad, what's up?" Diesel turned to Burn, eager for time with his newly returned Father. Hunk was all eyes as well. 
   Luke and Marc had been teasing each other, stopped to listen to the big, burly Alpha Wolf, still eating their food.
   "How about we all go for a run around the countryside?" He asked, as his inner Wolf was standing at attention, his tail thumping in a corner of his mind. Already the four boys' wolves were at attention, ready to run, leap and pounce throughout the forests, glades and moors.
   "I'll get Dylan!" Luke pounded up the stairs and returned with a smiling, happy Dylan. 
   The four former young men already shifted to their large wolves, Dylan immediately tangled up in his clothes, forgetting to take them off first. Burn laughed at the inexperienced pup, a bundle of blue fluff, growing and yipping at the clothes. Burn sifted the pup out of the clothes and watched as he stood on the trick step in front of the lodge, popping him out onto the front lawn. Soon he was not far from the four wolves.
   Burn laughed again, shaking his head, watching the five of them yipping, nipping and rolling around. 
   One of the older pack members walked up to Burn, slapping a huge hand on his shoulder.
   "That blue one is like one of those terriers." He laughed good naturedly, Burn joined in. 
   "They're making up for lost time. But they've got a lot of catching up to do." He winked at the Men surrounding him, "Who wants to join in?" He shifted mid lunge, from huge, muscular man to huge, muscular wolf. There was no question he was the Alpha of the Wolf pack-no matter his saying he was stepping back for Hunk and Diesel to run as leaders. He was nearly six feet tall at his ears and almost as wide. 
   Four of the wolves shifted, to help wrangle the five rambunctious wolves and pups, with Rust and Straw already in the Moor opposite the Lodge, corralling the three pups.
   Soon the group of three young pups were careening off trees, running into the older wolves, enjoying themselves the older wolves letting them burn off energy, enjoying the new scents in the safety of their ranks. Nature wolves had been scarce the past week, so they were not too concerned about facing them in a fight. The pups would not know what to do. 
   Burn was showing the pups some of the forest ways, looking for safe food for them, how to blend in with the forest, Dylan's blue wolf pup trying to huddle under the forest detritus but sticking out like a sore thumb. Straw, seeing the bright blue hue of his fur, helped by shoving more leaves over his body. He could not help thinking if the small pup had turned in the Blue Moor, it would help if he had retained some of the painting's magic to help with concealment. One of the pups, either Luke or Marc, scented a rabbit and started to take chase but one shake of Burn's massive head deterred the young one. 
   After a few hours of lessons and horseplay, Burn senses their attention was waning. He thought they would enjoy running out further, maybe Daire's old cabin was still there, still miles and miles away. For humans, the distance would be hours yet, but for wolves, was a matter of half an hour or so, if they used their power speeds. 
   Burn conversed in Wolf ways, a tilt of the head, pawing of the ground, a wink of an eye and the plan was all set. Burn took off in a blur, with the older Pack members smirking at all the young wolves and pups, standing one second then gone the next. Hunk and Diesel were game to chase after their father and were gone. Rust and Straw pushed and nudged the three pups until they realized a chase was on. 
   Rust considered Luke and Marc, but soon knew they were off and in sync. Dylan was trying his best to jump over the stumps and rocks but was soon getting frustrated. He thought about picking up Dylan by the scruff of his neck. The second he thought that, Dylan's small muzzle rose in the air, scented something and another big, bright blue explosion blinded him and Straw-bringing up the rear. Dylan wasn't in sight, slightly alarming the two. 
   Burn stopped the group about twenty-five miles from the Lodge, safe for the moment, not scenting or feeling any Nature Wolves. They couldn't do any harm themselves, but could spring a trap or be doing Xaphan's bidding. He sat on his haunches, jerked in surprise when Dylan suddenly appeared under his chest, sitting back, mimicking his Father. 
  'Well, pup, where the hell did you come from?' Burn's wolf wondered, gazing in wonder. Seconds later, Rust and Straw were there with the pups. Dylan was scratching his head on his Father's chest, smiling all the way. 
   Burn saw the ruined foundations of Daire's cottage but the garden was still visible through the weeds. He then noticed Dylan scenting the air and wondered if he could smell his Mother after all this time. He wanted to comfort his youngest son when he stood on his four tiny legs, wobbled to Hunk and Diesel, scenting their necks, tilting his head.
   Hunk looked down at his brother, Diesel licking the top of Dylan's little blue head, both thinking he was missing his mother.
   Dylan scented Diare's magic after he arrived, finding himself sitting under his Father's big, wide wolf chest. He was so proud of himself for finding his Father, not realizing he had used the magic he had inherited. Dylan's small muzzle reached out from under Hunk towards the crumbled foundation, then tilted up to scent Hunk. 
   He jumped playfully out, tumbling head over head, yipping at Hunk and Diesel.  The two bigger Wolves, misunderstanding, thinking that Dylan wanted to play, both crouched down in playful attack positions. Dylan grabbed Hunks paw in his mouth and pulled, with Hunk playfully yanking it back in a tug of war. Luke and Marc soon realized Dylan didn't want to play but show them something. 
   Dylan would tug Hunk's paw, yip at him, look at Burn, then tug again. Dylan stopped in frustration, scented Hunk and Diesel again, looked at Luke and Marc then trotted off in Burn's direction. His little ears pointed up then sideways, his muzzle following, then another bright blue explosion and he was off.
   Burn immediately started chasing his youngest wolf pup, a bit irritated he would just take off. He threw a look at Hunk and Diesel, who didn't know what was going on. The rest of the small group chased after the huge alpha wolf, who was chasing a small blue ball of fluff, heading who knows where, inside the dark forest. 
   After what seemed like more miles than the little blue wolf could run, with more blue explosions in his wake, he stopped at the base of a small range of mountains. Burn could barely remember the names of them-they were off limits to the pack because of Native American legends and myths but Burn couldn't remember them.
   Dylan was sitting in front of a large mouth cave Burn couldn't remember being there twenty odd years before. The security wolves had irritated expressions but changed to shocked at the opening they didn't remember either. The rest arrived, with Rust sniffing the cave's entrance. Dylan touched Rust's nose with his and made to walk in the center of the entrance. Burn stopped him with his big paw on the young pup's tail. 
   Hunk walked forward, not understanding what Dylan was doing. Dylan scented his bigger cousin, then pointed with his muzzle in the cave's opening. He scented, sniffed and shook his head, trying to understand something. Hunk walked a few inches forward so he was standing next to the young pup. Dylan carefully picked up Hunk's paw, and brought it forward so the tip of his claw was over the imaginary line from the cave's mouth. 
   The opening shimmered, Dylan threw a big grin over his shoulder that made Burn think that wasn't a good thing. Dylan softly bit Hunk's paw and took off again inside the cave. Hunk shook his head and his paw and tore off for his brother. Burn and Rust giving waring barks for their charges to come back. Like any good grownup, they sighed, rolled their eyes and ran inside, hoping there wasn't a bear inside hungry for young stupid pups. 
  Dylan was facing a flat wall deep inside the cave, Hunk turning and twisting his head back and forth. 
   Burn shifted in a heated frustration, then all the wolves shifted, not minding they were all completely nude.
   "What the hell were you doing, Dylan?" Burn knelt down in front of a grinning Dylan. Hunk at his side, in confusion.
   "Don't you scent it?" Dylan was looking up at his Wolf Father, in confusion.
   "Dylan?" Diesel walked forward, tilting his head as well.  Dylan looked at Luke and Marc, both confused as to what was going on. Rust, a bit more level headed, knew something was off, other than a young, enthusiastic pup running and showing off for his Father. Luke and Marc walked forward.
   "Something feels slightly familiar." Marc stated, with Luke nodding in agreement. Burn's head turned towards his nephews.
   "What do you mean?" Straw inquired. 'What could the two human-wolves find familiar?' The one wolf who had stood guard over the Wolf Witch, two wolf pups and now Angel Witch. Marc stretched out his hand and looked at Dylan.
   "Is this what you felt?" He asked his younger brother. Dylan nodded in a wide grin.
   Dylan placed his hand on the wall and he was thrown back in what looked like an electric shock. Thankfully one of the security wolves caught him before he hit the opposite wall. He thanked the man, bolted forward again, his hand outstretched. He nodded, grinned at Burn but his facial expression fell a fraction when Burn didn't understand. Dylan searched the floor of the cave, found a small sharp rock and handed it to Hunk.
   "Cut your hand." He was serious. Hunk knew Dylan wouldn't put him at risk, so he made a small cut on the bottom of his hand.
   "Diesel, now you!" Dylan was excited by now, Diesel humored his smaller cousin, seeing no reason why not. Dylan grabbed both their hands and placed them in the center of the wall. The wall shimmered in the late afternoon sun, Dylan's eyes grew wide. 
   "GET BACK!" HE yelled, grasping his cousins by their forearms, dragging them to the opposite wall where Burn and the others were standing, dumbfounded. 
  The wall blew back into the cave, much like an old sci-fi tv show he enjoyed with his Dad, Wiliam when his brothers were off chasing rabbits with Rust and Straw as children. The blowback singed Burn's and the Security Wolf's faces, hiding everyone behind them. Dylan was standing in front of Luke, who was holding him under his chest, like he did in wolf form. 
   There where the cave was, was a gaping maw, dark and unforgiving. Dylan made to walk forward when Burn's huge hand dwarfed his shoulder, dragging him back to Luke's chest, with Hunk smirking at him, shaking his head.
   'Let Dad go first', was his thought. Dylan nodded his head, waiting patiently.
   Burn crouched, hugging the wall, going forward, with the other eight wolves behind him. After walking thirty or forty feet inside, he wasn't seeing, scenting or feeling anything. Just as he was going to head back, he saw a figure chained to the wall.
   There was a small, emaciated figure, held by bright shiny chains, an oppressive air about the cave. The figure lifted their chin in defiance the gasped. Burn fell to his knees. He knew who the figure was.
   Calufray.
   She just stared at Burn, eyes wide open, not making a sound. She turned her head to see behind her then faced forward again. Burn could see various animal bones in the far corner of the enclosed cave, furs of some animal, bear probably, off beside her. Time stood still as the two lovers, husband and wife, wolf mates, stared at each other. 
   Dylan was the one to break the moment.
   "We've got to hurry; the magic bond was broken. Break the chains and let's get out of here!" Dylan pushed his Father's shoulder blade, which was all he seemed to need to get into action. Since had been outside the painting and stronger he strode forward but Dylan suddenly stopped him. Burn turned around to see what the matter was.
   Dylan brought forward Hunk and Diesel, stretching out their arms to the chains. "Now squeeze your blood on the lock!" They did so but nothing happened. He threw a sharp look at his brothers, ran outside the lip of the room where they were. He ran back, shoving the sharp rock at Luke.
   "Cut your hands and squeeze the blood on the lock like they did!" They did so, the lock sizzled with a small explosion. Calufray tried and failed to stand. Burn bent over, picking up his wife with such gentle affection, both of them in shock. 
   "WE'VE GOT TO RUN!" Dylan's voice punctuated the quiet. He grabbed Hunk's and Luke's bloodied and clotted hands and sprinted for the first mouth of the cave. Burn ran after them, throwing looks at the security wolves who herded the rest out the cave just before there was a cave in. They would have been killed instantly. Dylan shifted to his little blue wolf, yipped at Hunk and Luke, who immediately shifted, running after their brother. 
   "GO! SHIFT! I'LL BE RIGHT AFTER!" Burn shouted at the six remaining wolves, with Rust and Straw still staring at Calufray in Burn's arms. 
   "You can leave me behind, Mate. He only wants me." Calufary.
   "Never again." Burn ran with the love of his life in his arms, her hands interlocking behind his neck.
   An hour later, the group safely ensconced in the second-floor great room in the Wolf Lodge, the four pups and the four older wolves, were seated in the front of the great fireplace. The humans were about to come home from their various jobs, Rose coming back from her Northern Lodge where the Security team was located.
   Just then Crocus came in from the bedrooms where Calufray was sleeping off the frenetic chase back to the Lodge.
   "Unbelievable she was so close to the Lodge and Daire's land." Rose stated, shaking her head. "How is she?" 
   "Sleeping in a fit." Crocus simply answered, brushing her red hair behind her ears.
   "And no one felt the magic?" Wilma asked, in general.
   "No one but Dylan." Burn answered slowly.
   "Just what did you feel, Dylan?" Wiliam asked his youngest child. Burn leaned forward, swirling the age-old scotch in the amber tumbler.
   Dylan shrugged, looking at his four brothers. "There was something in the air I couldn't figure out. There was a faint scent like Hunk and Diesel," he tossed his head towards the two men, each with their own amber tumbler of scotch.
   "Was that why you kept scenting me?" Hunk was staring into the large fireplace.
   "Yes, I suppose it was your blood on the wind. It didn't make sense." 
   "Why were you scenting me, then? Luke asked the odd young wolf, who everyone knew by now was Burn's and Daire's child.
   "Because I could scent Dad on the wind as well." 
   "Me?" Wiliam gasped out in a chuckle. "Dylan, I don't have a child with Calufray." He threw a glance at Burn, who shook his head with a chuckle to match his friend's.
   "The scent wasn't?biological, Dad," Dylan gave a searching look to his Dad, then Mom, Wilma.
   "There could be another reason," Wilma simply stated, "The magic Xaphan used could be Daire-Specific, so when he scented Hunk," She gestured with the hand that wasn't holding a full glass of Pino Grigio, "which probably confused his wolf-magic self." She grinned at her youngest.
   "Wolf Magic and earth Magic doesn't come with any specific instructions, shadow and magic books aside." Rose swallowed the last of her Whiskey, "Plus, I'm not certain what magic Xaphan used." 
   "We know for sure there was a fail-safe to cave in the area," Straw announced, walking back from the room's large self-serve liquor bar. 
   "When you broke the chains, that must have been the key." Rust agreed with the all-around Wolf.
   "That still doesn't answer why Dylan scented me on the wind." Wiliam added to the complex problem.
   Emma Rose came up the staircase with a large mug of Rum Hot Cocoa.
   "How are you sweetie? Come sit by me." Wilma softly announced to her foster mother and friend. Emma Rose sat demurely, placing her head on Wilma's shoulder.
   "Now, isn't this a turn of events?" She looked around at the long faces of her friends. "I'm a parent getting comforted by her child." Wilma laughed and Rose joined in. The Wolves shook their heads, smiling.
   "Well you're still my Mom!" Wilma hugged the sixteen-year-old around the shoulders.
   "Xaphan should be beside himself with anger." Dylan spoke after a few minutes silence.
   "What do you mean, son?" Burn asked, confused.
   "We're undoing all his spell work. First Emma Rose is freed from the crypt, turned sixteen, her soul freed from Marc and he's banned to his forest castle. Second, you're freed from the Blue Moor Painting, Father. Then Calufray-"
   "Is here." She announced from the hallway at the back of the second-floor great room. Everyone turned to her voice. She was standing tall and proud, her hair returning to its thick luster after decades of magical banishment. She walked with grace towards Burn, who made room for her on the large chair.
   "I don't know what to say, Calufray." Burn softly said to his wife.
   "Only say Xaphan will suffer." Everyone nodded. "I heard how you scented me, young magical wolf." She smiled towards Dylan. 
   "I have no ill will towards you, nor your Mother, who was my best friend, the Earth Witch. She cast a protection spell at the last minute before Xaphan locked me in that cave." She accepted a glass of water from Emma Rose, who brought back a pitcher of Lavender water to the center ottoman. "For some reason, Xaphan was jealous of Daire's happiness, family." She turned to Wilma.
   "I am only happy that you and the Angel Witch were able to care for the child." She inclined her head towards Dylan.  She regarded Dylan with a narrow gaze.
   "What did you feel, exactly, Dylan?" She asked abruptly.
   He was thoughtful for half a minute. "A kind of electric shock in the air, a twisting of wind. I wouldn't've been able to feel it in human form."
   Calufray nodded. "That twist of wind is a remnant of another plane of existence."
   "What? How is that possible?" Rose gasped. No one should be able to detect another plane of existence.  
   "Only specific Witches are able to find them outright." She sipped her water. "Must be something in the blood." She grinned at Wiliam then slowly drew her gaze to Dylan.
   The next weeks were spent healing Calufray, raising, testing and training Luke, Marc and Dylan's wolves to the young wolves they were becoming. There wasn't another flash of blue from Dylan's wolf since the cave finding, but he was becoming stronger by the week. Emma Rose, Wilma and Rose were feeling out Wiliam's Angel Magic and he too, was finding his strengths and weaknesses. Burn, Hunk and Diesel were reaffirming security alliances throughout the area, increasing rounds of security. 
   The Gills were safe in their home again, now off the radar, Wilma and Wiliam were dividing their time between their refurbished house with additional security and the lodge, so Emma Rose, Calufray and the rest wouldn't feel so isolated. 
They were getting stronger as a group and wondering if they could find Daire like they did the other three. She was the last key to lock Xaphan away forever.
   "Can you spare a few hours tonight, Wilma?" Navina was desperate for help at the Homeless Center. "The Tribal House donated blankets, overcoats, shawls and what-have-you for the coming fall and winter. Several of our volunteers left, feeling unsafe because of the increased wolf activity surrounding the area." She was speaking fast, her attention span divided between a handful of responsibilities. "Then we had a fight in the Men's dorm last night."
   Wilma's Wolf Magic stood at attention. "What happened in the Men's Dorm?" 
   "What?" Navina had already moved on, mentally, from the subject but took a few seconds to remember, "Oh, last night one of the men stole a hand stitched safety or security blanket that was donated from the Tribal Center. He kept shouting that the magic in the blanket could protect him from the Dark Lord." Wilma heard papers shuffling, a quick order to someone beyond Navina's office door, then she came back, "He started pissing all over his cot, saying that was his 'territory', and attempted to bite one of the dorm guards."
   Wilma was silently taking all this in. This had all the hallmarks of a Rogue Wolf, but couldn't remember Rose or Hunk reminding anyone of one from the Pack. 
   "Sure, I can come over, in about half an hour. I've got Dinner in the oven for Wiliam and all the boys." Wilma was thinking about all her men, including Rust and Straw, who were still overseeing Wiliam's and the boys' training and safety.
   "Oh, everyone is back under the roof? That must make you feel so happy! And your brother's wife coming back after so many years, just like him?" Navina was rattling off the accounts that Wilma had share with her at R.R. Hoods the previous week.
   "Yes, we're all quite happy how everyone has been coming home." She put it diplomatically. 
   "Do you think Mrs. Gill could help? She's been a godsend the past few months. Even after her beautiful daughter, Soroya was attacked, she's been spending time here as well." Wilma heard loud voices outside Navina's office and her friend sighing. "Volunteers, think they own the damn place." She heard the generous woman mutter. 
   Wilma laughed, checking the white ground chicken and pork lasagna again, turning down the heat to warm, then checking the green bean and asparagus casserole that was beside the main dish in the oven. 
   "I'll pick up Balqis and Soroya. Maybe my niece, Crocus will come as well, she's dropping off some supplies from the Lodge." Wilma's cell phone chirped on the kitchen island, and walked over with the house phone nooked between her ear and shoulder. "Oh, looks like her Aunt Calufray will be coming over as well."
   Just then she heard the front door open and close, with a cacophony of men's voices and light stomping feet, Rust, Straw, Luke and Marc were home. She turned to the kitchen arch and grinned at the men. The backdoor to the kitchen opened to Crocus holding her Aunt Calufray's hand, both smiling and chattering away. Dylan came ambling in with his Father and Dad, Burn and WIliam, Wiliam having picked up a few bags of salad from the store with three stacked apple pies. Some days Wilma just didn't have the energy to get everything done.
   "Sounds like you have a full house there," Navina shouted over some loud grinding noise. "Oh, those floor people are here." She shouted something and the noise drifted away. "If you can't make it, that's alright." 
   "No, we'll all be there, dinner's ready." There was the clinking of dishes, glasses and silverware as the group set the table, Wiliam hugged his wife from behind. 
   "See you in a few hours." She heard the smile in her friend's voice.
   "Where's Emma Rose?" Luke asked, looking around the dining room table, full of family and friends.
   "She's over at the Victorian, trying to soothe her granddaughter and smooth over the whole binding thing." Wilma answered.
   "Good thing the Coven was there to help her." Luke added, remembering Emma Rose telling him how close all the witches were. They still had a close relationship, even after her soul left his body. 
   "What did you three do today?" Wilma asked Wiliam, Burn and Dylan.
   "I thought it would be pertinent for the three of us to spend time together, after Dylan found the cave." He nodded his head towards Dylan, "especially since he apparently takes after both his Dad and Father."
   "Seems Dylan can sniff out magic and wolves, no matter what." Wiliam announced, very proud.
   "You're half and half, eh, squirt?" Marc announced with glee, mussing up Dylan's hair. Wilma smiled at Rust.
   "Now everyone can see, right short stack?" Luke teased his younger brother and took out a small blue terrier on a keychain, tossing at Dylan.
   "Haaa-haaaa?" Dylan fake laughed but the light in his eyes told how much he loved it.  Dylan pressed the dog's nose and a blue light shone brightly, making everyone laugh. No one knew why Dylan's wolf exploded in blue light before he raced off. 
   "They're all making great progress, Wilma, Wiliam." Straw was gazing at the three young men with pride. He'd been there all their lives, with Rust.
   "This is delicious, Wilma." Calufray added to the conversation. She was still getting to know her sons, stepson and nephews, along with the old guard at the Lodge. 
   "Thank you, Calufray." Wilma regarded her sister-in-law. "How did you keep your sanity?" 
   Calufray smiled, "I knew my family and friends were alright, I hid inside myself, my Wolf side kept me sane and my human side kept up hope." She took her hand and squeezed. 
   "Hunk and Diesel haven't left her side since she came back." Burn smiled.
   "The pack has raised them to be good boys. You as well, WIliam" She was thankful that so many were responsible. 
   "Navina is really needing volunteers recently, with so many fleeing the Center because of the Nature Wolves." Wilma started gathering plates and silverware. Luke, Marc and Dylan were herded by Rust and Straw to finish cleaning the table while Burn, Wilma, Wiliam and Calufray gathered towards the door. The table and kitchen were clean in a matter of minutes and the group left in four huge black SUVs. 
   They arrived to what appeared to be a fake fire drill. Men and women were running in, out and around the Homeless Shelter, several people with name badges were failing to corral the group. The SUVs emptied and the men ran towards the bodies running in terror. Luke, Marc and Dylan were calming people down, Wilma and Balqis ran towards Navina, who held a tablet computer in one hand and was yelling at three people wearing gold and turquoise vests over their clothes.  Meanwhile Rust, Straw and Crocus were investigating the building.
   "What happened, Navina?" Wilma placed a calming hand on her shoulder.
   'OH God, what didn't?" She threw a worried gaze around the building. "The dinner bell buzzed overhead, suddenly there was a raggedy wolf in the Men's Dorm, crouching and snarling. The men yelled, setting off the women to run around the building. The few employees that were here tried in vain to calm them down, meanwhile several of the women lost their heads, screaming about raping and pillaging outcasts-the men took offense, stating if they were getting accused, they wanted their money's worth." Navina ran her free hand through her wild hair.
   "Nothing around the building." Rust whispered to Wilma. She saw her three boys with Burn on Marc's shoulder while Dylan stood in front of him, Luke was pointing towards the front door, talking with the apparent ring leader of the men who wanted to coup the accusations. Just seeing Burn calmed the homeless men down, reacting subconsciously to his Alpha Wolf. They walked back inside, with Marc and Dylan now aiding Luke.
   Crocus and Balqis calmed the women down and helped them back inside, with two of the Center's volunteers checking off names. Rust and Straw ran back to Burn, having done a second security sweep at the center. Navina rushed back inside to seat people in the cafeteria or stand in line, a floor buffer off in one inset in the wall. 
   "Nothing outside the center," Straw offered, shaking his head.
   "I think a Nature Wolf is still in the Men's Dorm." Wilma pointed with her chin, using her Wolf Magic to find the odd Nature Wolf. "There's a scent about him. I'm surprised Dylan isn't here telling us."
   "Dylan is busy with his brothers and his Dad." Burn was thankful the brash young man, thinking his wolf was still just a bit too immature.
   "Why don't you, Rust and Straw head to the Men's Dorm, while the rest of us go help Navina. Three volunteers aren't going to be calming down hundreds of scared people." Wilma and the rest walked off towards the cafeteria while Burn, Rust and Straw headed off to the Men's Dorm, in the back of the building, next to the tree line.
   Burn led his two friends into the Men's Dorm. There were rows upon rows of triple bunk beds lining the walls, with several offshoot rooms with even more. In the third offset room, they found a man wearing yellow cords and a beige sweatshirt, stained with dirt, blood and sap. His shoulder length hair was oily, unkept, his skin-bruised and cut. He was crouching at the head of one of the bottom bunks, eyes wide and snarling.
   Burn sniffed, catching Rust's gaze.
   "You're scared, we understand. We're not here to hurt you. We just want to understand why you're here." Burn softly spoke to the scared man.
   "We'd like to know how this happened." Rust squatted in front of the man, who was scenting with his nose and throat. 
   "You're here to kill me! Either you or Xaphan!" He was spitting the words out, eyes swiveling left to right, sweat smearing the blood and mud on his body.
   "No, we're here to help you. What is your name?" Burn asked.
   The man tilted his head sideways. "Human names are confusing." He now understood Burn was the Alpha of the Lodge pack. 
    "Don't worry about that now. Just tell us why you're here." 
   The man sat back, legs in front of him, head leaning against the wall. He sighed.
   "Doesn't matter now. I can't go back to my pack. Xaphan turned me human to kill the human-wolves in the big house. He made me draw things on the house, attack the young Seer. If I fail, he'll kill me." 
   Now so much made sense to Burn and the two wolves. All the sigils on his sister's house, the attack on Soroya, who was helping her mother and Wilma serving food now. The Nature Wolf wasn't acting on his own behalf, besides, they were unable to shift to human.
   Xaphan. 
   "If you want, you can stay at Wolf Lodge. We'll help and protect you. This isn't your fault, wolf. We have Witches who will look into turning you back. But you have to vow to never return to Xaphan!" Burn held the Nature Wolf's gaze, sizzling with intent. 
   "I promise! I don't want to see that mad man again!" 
   Burn nodded to his two Wolves, who took the man by his arms, promptly disappearing into the early evening.  He walked back to the cafeteria, upon seeing Calufray standing between Crocus and Wilma, hugged her from behind.
   "He's headed back to the Lodge with Rust and Straw." Crocus and Calufray nodded, Wilma taking in her three sons who were seating people in the large cafeteria, keeping everyone calm with their Wolf senses.  They were coming along nicely. 

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
     Calufray was curled up beside Burn in one of the oversized velvet chairs beside the fireplace in one of the second-floor alcoves. Wilma and Wiliam were in the other, opposite with the young adults in single velvet chairs surrounding them and the large wood and marble ottoman, Rust, Straw and others were either standing or laying in front of the fireplace, staring or resting.
   "What I can't figure out is how Xaphan could hide another plane of existence." Rose queried.
   "And right by Daire's place." Burn added.
   "Xaphan is quite adamant about making us all suffer. He seems to have some albatross around his neck regarding this family." Calufray, speaking aloud from her own imprisonment. 
   "He went out of his way to make us think he had cut off your paw." Hunk nodded at his Mother.
   "He magicked the blood into the paw," Crocus threw out there, "Just how willing is he to mislead everyone?" Calufray shook her head, she had no idea.
   "I think the point was to make everyone suffer, so the pain was too much and we wouldn't go looking or anyone." Wilma was tired. The events of the past year had worn her down, along with everyone.
   "I wouldn't be surprised if he made Daire's cottage invisible, only not in another plane of existence, but right under the nose of the Forest Wolf Clan." Dylan mused, his head on Marc's stomach, both enjoying the warmth of the fire. "He'd be crowing about pulling one over on the entire pack." He looked up at Burn. "Did you scent or feel anything there?" 
   Burn regarded his youngest child, thinking. "No, but that was the point of putting me in the painting in the first place. Only you could have felt the magic that kept Calufray prisoner." He stroked his Wife's hair, planting soft kisses along her hairline.
   "What helped was all my brother's scents right there. There was a sort of co-mingling that was stronger, leading to the cave."
   "A co-mingling, Dylan?" Crocus asked, head tilted. She was curled up in one of the single chairs directly across the fireplace.
   "Yes," he turned his head sideways on Marc's stomach, "I can't explain it, just that the magic was calling me."
   "Hmmm?" was the soft reply.  Rose caught her daughter's face.
   "What are you thinking?" She asked, dropping her hand on Crocus' shoulder.
   She turned to her mother, then threw a gaze at Emma Rose, who was still nursing the hurt she felt from her Granddaughter, finally at Wilma who was tickling Wiliam's new fall beard.
   "What is it, darling?" Wilma turned to her niece, feeling the penetrating gaze.
   "Why can't we find Daire?" She sat up straight, looking at her mother.
   "How could we, Crocus?" Diesel asked, wanting to help his brother and return the favor.
   "Has anyone seen her since last spring?" Rose asked, remembering Daire's visit in spirit.
   Dylan tried not to be eager, but his two Fathers and Mother could see how much it hurt only his biological Mother was the only one not found.
   "No," Burn replied quietly, wanting to soothe Dylan's heart.
   Marc gently patted his brother's shoulder in camaraderie. 
   "We have three witches, a wolf-witch hybrid, two scenters, four security wolves and a seer." Crocus counted off everyone, including Soroya who was having plastic surgery to hide the scar from the previous surgery. The Nature Wolf was locked in a room in the basement, private and happy that Xaphan could not kill him for not killing anyone.
   "Uncle Wiliam knows Daire's magic, from helping read the spell that Daire pulled over the paints, brushes and wall. That Angel or Spirit saw enough magic in you, Uncle Wiliam, to push more Magic into you. Aunt Wilma can scent better now, she has the ability to use Wolf Cover, which is a rare gift!" 
   Rose sat forward as well, "That's true." She turned her gaze to everyone in the alcove, "That's true, Wolf Cover is a rare gift, indeed." Burn was now more interested in the conversation. 
   A plan was forming.
*******
   The next full moon was that weekend, the group had hashed out the entire plan and any contingencies. The arrived at Daire's old cottage foundation.
   Emma Rose, Wilma and now Wiliam joined hands, raised above their heads and changed.
   "Show us the way to our loved one's stay,
    Wherever Daire's home, either hearth or tomb,
    We ask the four directions, to behoove our selection,
    Show us Xaphan's store, whatever the score!"
   A white cloud bore over the group, with silver flashes striking and surrounding the three witches. The cloud swirled, a blue-silver burst of energy exploded, reminding Burn, Rust and Straw of Dylan's blue burst. A silver explosion brought forth a shimmering wall were Daire's front door was on the foundation. Then a gray slab wall, quarried from the deep forest.
   The three witches put down their arms.
   "There's the magic wall, too bad we can't penetrate it." Wiliam pointed out.
   The group stared at the wall, trying to figure out what to do. 
   "Wait, there in the corner, a crack in the wall." Diesel pointed out and sure enough, a diagonal crack on the bottom left corner was deep. 
   "I think I can push that stone out," Emma Rose spoke. She shoved some magic forward and the stone burst inside, leaving a small hole.
   "It's a start." Burn replied, "but it's too small for anyone."
   "Not me." Dylan eagerly shouted. Wilma looked at him sideways.
   "Are you sure, son?" He nodded eagerly.  
   "I can make Dylan's blue coat a dark gray to match the inside wall." She pointed the hole, where they could see a dark gray marbled wall.
   "That could work," Burn agreed, "But you just go inside to find a way to open the wall. Got it?" He stared at his son, who rolled his eyes.
   "If there is a lever or switch, yes." He answered, knowing that Xaphan probably did not include one.
   Burn grated his fingers through his hair and Wiliam pushed out a breath of air he had been holding.
   "Just look for one, ok son?" Wiliam asked. Dylan smiled at his Dad.
   "In case there isn't one, I can make a locater ball, a kind of energy ball that has Daire's signature." Emma Rose announced, then moved her hands in a circle. "Wait, I need some of your blood, Dylan."
   Dylan held out his hand, Hunk held out a small pocketknife, where Dylan cut his hand-much like the other men did to find Calufray. He dribbled some blood on the energy ball, then Wiliam healed the cut with his Angel Magic. Dylan shifted to his small terrier-like wolf, dug out of his clothes. Wilma concentrated on her son, a spark of silver magic travelled from her fingers to Dylan. Dylan was now a stone-gray wolf, unlike any of the other wolves there.
   He nodded at everyone, slunk through the hole, the energy ball followed. 
   Inside the hallway, which didn't resemble the cottage Burn had in the Blue Moor at all.  The hallway didn't resemble the foundation either. The walls were bare and plain, no levers or anything. The energy ball slowly moved forward.
  Suddenly the hallway shifted to a warm yellow light and Dylan saw old fashioned torches on the walls, he followed the energy ball until he heard heavy footsteps and felt heavy magic. This was so unlike anyone's he felt so far. A rush of air brushed the fur on his face, he crouched down just as a thick, muscular man stomped his way through the gray-marbled walls painted with yellow light. 
   Dylan was invisible to the man, thanks to Emma Rose's magic. So was the energy ball, apparently. The man stopped between two torches, he waved his arm and the wall disappeared. He saw a small, short, thin woman in an old-fashioned room. He recognized it from Burn's cottage! 
   "Do you think your friends will find you?" The man, who Dylan thought must have been Xaphan, crowed to the woman. 
   She didn't look as if he were bothering her, just one small annoyance in her otherwise busy day.  She laughed. His features darkened, a black cloud misted around his feet, moving up his body. Dylan crouched further down.
   "You must be feeling quite secure, Daire." The evil pronounced from his lips, shocking Dylan with the woman's name. Daire-his mother! Taking all his strength and calming, he remained quiet. 
   "There hasn't been a day gone by that I haven't felt secure, Xaphan." She gave an unreadable, penetrating stare at the man.
   "I'll get your magic and the magic of the Earth Witch! Now that the human has her Wolf Magic, I'll get that too." He laughed but the sound wasn't as light and airy as his Mother's. "Then I'll be the most powerful Witch the world has ever seen." He seethed, pivoted and stalked away, disappearing around a corner in a burst of black mist.
   Dylan snuck forward, in front of the woman. She stopped pacing the small room and stared at the small gray wolf in front of the shimmering doorway.
   They stared at each other for an eternity, lasting minutes. Before she could speak, the energy ball slammed into the doorway before it could disappear back into the gray stone wall. She strode forward just as Wilma's Wolf Cover left, leaving Dylan's blue fur. He looked at his mother.
   "Dylan?!" She whispered in excitement, he nodded, placing a paw on her outstretched hand. There were tears in her eyes. He threw his head back over his shoulder.
   "We've got to get a move on, right?" She smirked, knowing that Xaphan could know any moment that she had left the room. She followed Dylan's blue coat through the warm yellow light, then adjusted her eyes to the darkened gray hallway that Dylan entered earlier. She stopped and gasped, when she saw Burn, Rose, Wilma and Wiliam with Rust and Straw, among younger wolves. They couldn't see her, only the broken corner, which she now understood. Dylan was pointing with his paw at the corner, he could go back through. She shook her head, making a small ball of energy herself and sent it through the hole.
    Emma Rose saw the ball of yellow light first, thinking it was Xaphan, but when it turned blue, she felt Daire's magic.
   "LOOK!" She shouted, "It's Daire's magic!" She shouted and pointed again. Burn shouted in glee, Calufray joining in, learning her friend was near. 
   "She wants me to disintegrate the wall from this side, while she does that side."
   With that, she threw her hands out, the wall shimmered a pea green, it exploded and they all disappeared.
   When the smoke and rubble cleared, they were underground somewhere, the very air, water and magic felt off. Daire and Dylan were standing in front of the group, eyes wide. They ran forward, Burn hugging Daire, Wilma and Wiliam pushing forward, joining the scrum. A loud booming came from in front of the group and Xaphan was standing in front of them.
   "Did you really think a raggedy group of diseased wolves would get the best of the great Xaphan?" He crowed, laughing and clapping his hands together.
   "I think you haven't suffered enough, Burn and Daire!"
   Before anyone could move, Xaphan shot a bolt of fire towards Dylan, to kill him in a conflagration. Luke and Marc, seeing their brother getting attacked, burst into their wolves, leaping upon Xaphan, knocking him sideways. Hunk shifted into his Wolf, his muzzle biting Dylan by his neck, leapt just as the fire scorched the ground. 
   Burn, Rust, Straw and Rose lined up in their Wolf forms in front of the four young wolves-Luke and Marc retreating behind the wall of wolves. Just behind them, stood the four witches, at the ready, waiting for Burn. Xaphan snapped up and backed to a distance, the black mist, billowing around his form which was now fading in and out with anger. 
    "I think we should finish what we started, Torin." A soft, feminine voice offered behind the group. They turned around and saw a woman in old fashioned, layered dresses, an old apron upon her body. She raised one arm, her fingers outstretched and shot out a vine of light pink rose bolt. The bolt travelled and shot Xaphan in the chest, spreading around his heart.
   "I'll kill all your progeny, Rose, you Devil Witch, then the blade of Xaphan will quench its thirst on their blood!" He spat out, raising his arms, black lightning bolts shooting from his fingers. 
   Three forms were becoming visible in front of the Woman named Rose. She spoke to them: Mildred, Violet, Iris! Raise the shield, call upon the ancestors from all our line!
   They spoke in unison: "Yes, Mother Rose!" And shot out their magic, intertwined to build a magic wall in the same rose hue.
   Wiliam was wide-eyed. He whispered, "Rose Hanover!" 
   Rose Wolf heard him and stared at him, "From your genealogy! The women in your timeline." 
   "You can save your line, but not the other!" Torin spat out through the veil that was Xaphan. He murmured under his breath, a darkness not seen since that day in the woods in the far past, came. The darkness spread over Daire and encompassing Dylan. Xaphan laughed raucously, sending shivers over everyone's skin. 
   "You'll not erase them, Torin." Rose the elder simply spoke. She waved her hand, the darkness was erased from Daire and Dylan. The three translucent witches kept on whispering their spell, keeping the light rose wall between Xaphan and the group. 
   "My Nature Wolves were absolute failures; however, my magic will end the Forest Wolf Line! You bastardized the Vossen line and that will end with the lot of you!" 
   Xaphan's magic darkened, threw the wood handled knife at Daire, striking her arm. The knife drank greedily, Burn grasped the bright, burning handle and threw it back at Xaphan, who laughed. He got the power he wanted. He placed Burn, Rose, Rust and Straw in a binding energy field, unable to fight, unable to help-only to watch as the rest were killed.
   Dylan, seeing his mother injured, burst into his miniature wolf and lunged for Xaphan. 
   Xaphan laughed at the tiny wolf's attempt but the laughter died when a bright blue explosion blinded everyone and in their sight, was a six-foot-tall blue Dire Wolf. Luke and Marc, seeing their brother's transformation, understood what had been happening in the moor outside the lodge. They shifted and joined Dylan in the attack. Xaphan threw his arms out and a handful of Nature Wolves appeared, attacking Dylan. They had thrown their lot with Xaphan, with the promise of free food with the neighboring farms they had been attacking. 
   Daire's eyes grew wide. "Do you know what happens when a Dire Wolf like Burn mates with an Earth Witch like me?" She spat at Xaphan, who only grinned back.
    "No, tell me dear daughter?"
   "We have a second soul. A wolf soul. A Dire Wolf. You have three to fight now." Her gaze was dead, she twisted her neck, breaking her spine. Her body covered with white fur, she hunched over, clothes falling off and shifted to a white Dire Wolf." 
   She took one giant leap, her gaping maw snatched around Xaphan's neck, breaking it instantly. Hunk and Diesel now joined their cousins and brother to kill the Nature wolves. 
   Xaphan fell to the ground, the three witches unbound the wolves, gathered the four witches who had been trying to blast Xaphan.
   "Do not concern yourselves with Xaphan." The three spoke in unison.
   Daire brought Dylan and the other four boys behind the light rose wall.
   Laying on the ground was a red-haired man, eyes swiveling in their sockets.
   Wiliam instantly understood. Wiliam's eyes grew wide. He now knew who Torin was.
   He also knew what he had to do. He walked forward to where Torin lay, bleeding, dying. 
   Raising his arms, a white light emanated from his hands, down to Torin.
   "What are you doing?" Burn demanded, after all the damage the man had done. "He killed you, twice!" Burn rasped out, trying to shove Wiliam's arms down. Wiliam shook his head.
   "I'm an Angel Witch, Burn. My gift is healing. If anyone needs healing, it's my Uncle Torin." He threw a gaze over at Rose. She nodded.
   "The strange red headed Uncle everyone stood clear of." He healed the broken, desperate, powerless man.
   "You are very wise, Sweet Wiliam." Rose Hanover stated. 
   "You're his wife that disappeared." He said. 
   She nodded in agreement. "My three daughters, Mildred, who became the Mountain Witch that protected The Wolf Pack there and taught Crocus. Violet the Kitchen Witch, who bore Emma Rose, and Iris, the Angel Witch whose line produced Wiliam." 
   "You disbanded the family to protect the line." Wilma followed the genealogy described by Rose.
   "By his actions of greed, he wanted all the power with none of the work. So much like his actions as a husband." Rose looked down at the man.  He gave a sick, twisted smile.
   "Ah, my devil wife," he whispered, "Xaphan is giving me another chance." 
  He held up the glowing, wood handled knife, whose inscribed blade was glowing. A black mist rose from the knife, enveloping the dark, twisted man. They disappeared with a bang, like a cannon shot.
   Later, everyone was back at the Wolf Lodge, drinking scotch, whiskey and wine. 
   "Unbelievable that he got away." Emma Rose was disgusted.
   "But we got everyone back," Daire responded.
   "Why was he so evil?" Dylan asked Burn.
   "Ah, my son, he was so greedy, he wanted the power that Daire had, right?"
   "Yes, he initially demanded me join him on the dark side, when he found Xaphan's knife in the forest. When I refused, he felt the baby inside me, A Wolf baby."
   "Me."
   "Yes, my son, you." Daire gave him a loving gaze, "I couldn't join him and I couldn't keep you because the knife demanded a blood sacrifice. Rose's wasn't enough. Then he killed Violet and Iris, that's when Mildred escaped to the far Mountain and hid herself as an old, wise witch."
   "How did you hide me then?" Dylan asked, not even Rust or Straw knew.
   "We figured out he was after you, as a baby. Daire performed a ritual severing our blood ties." His head was bowed in hurt.
   "That night you showed up on our doorstep," Wilma reached out to Daire and held her hand.
   "Yes, we only had an hour before the ritual was up. Another person had to hold Dylan to sever our blood ties and enact a new one."
   "When Wilma held Dylan, it was complete." Wiliam answered. "Best gift, three healthy boys." He gazed at his sons.
   "How did Dad make the painting magic?" Luke asked.
   "Your father and Daire are cousins, having Torin as the common ancestor, Rose being the common link. Wiliam is from Iris's line, Daire is from Violet's, two of the three sisters." Burn explained.
   "Why didn't anyone put this together earlier?" Hunk asked, wanting to put everything to rights.
   "My Father, Torin, killed my mother's line, Violet, then put me in the hidden room, that was connected to his black castle in the hidden forest. I finally found a way to speak to Rose and Wilma but only for brief periods of time."
   Rose and Wilma nodded, remembering her visage earlier the previous year.
   "Then he fully became Xaphan, trying to kill off Iris's line by Wiliam. He tried killing Emma Rose but that backfired, he was new to magic. He thought by killing off the Hanover line of witches, he would get their power." Daire explained.
   Everyone was quiet for awhile then Dylan spoke again.
   "Why is my blue but has the explosion to a huge Dire Wolf?" He couldn't figure that out. Burn laughed.
   "When you first became a wolf in the Blue Moor, Daire's magic was saturating the painting. Adding Wiliam's drop of magic enhanced the Hanover line of witches, which came forth on you twenty first birthday."
   "When you started haunting me." Everyone laughed.
   "Yes. Then I got you in the painting, and you first shifted. A wolf's surroundings will affect what the coat looks like." He smirked at his youngest son. "That's why our line prefers the forest." Dylan scrunched up his face and threw a floor pillow at the huge man, who caught it and laughed.
   Dylan looked over at Calufray and tilted his head.
   "Weren't you jealous that my Mother got pregnant by your husband?" She laughed.
    "The Forest Pack is open minded, Dylan. Daire fulfilled a need Burn had. Knowing you were coming only added to the family. If I hadn't been imprisoned by Xaphan, I would have welcomed you with open arms." She replied, softly.
   Everyone was silent again.
   "What is Torin doing with Xaphan now?" Diesel asked what everyone else was thinking.
   "Powering up." Was Daire's reply.
